Coventina

A Novel

Jamie Antonia Symonanis



Copyright © 2012 Jamie Antonia Symonanis

Smashwords Edition

All rights reserved

No part of this book may be used or reproduced in any manner whatsoever without written permission, except in the case of brief quotations embodied in critical articles and reviews.


Published by Jamie Antonia

Smashwords Edition, License Notes

This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you're reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to Smardwords.com and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the work of this author.



The author can be contacted at
garbovatwins@gmail.com


This is a work of fiction. Characters, corporations, institutions and organizations in this novel are the product of the author’s imagination, or, if real, are used fictitiously without any intent to describe their actual conduct.



A very grateful thanks and acknowledgement is given to the following artists.

Florence and the Machine
U2
Beatles
The Cure
Lene Lovich
Bob Marley
Led Zeppelin
Annie Lennox
Rolling Stones
The Clash
Patti Smith



We are a way for the cosmos to know itself.
Carl Sagan

Accept the things to which fate binds you, and love the people with whom fate brings you together, but do so with all your heart.
Marcus Aurelius

Life being what it is, one dreams of revenge.
Paul Gauguin




This book is dedicated to a dear friend and fellow Saluki - Paul Buerger.



Table of Contents

1 – Approach
2 – Museum
3 – Studio
4 – Library
5 – Latin 101
6 – Ninth
7 – Barn
8 – Barbeque
9 – Time
10 – Morning
11 – Apartment
12 – Coventina
13 – Friends
14 – Eboracum
15 – Heworth
16 – Roman Column
17 – Via Della Magliana
18 – Palatium
19 – Gladius
20 – Lupanar
21 – Lenonibus
22 – Returned
23 – Back
24 – Big Bucks
25 – Sezze
26 – Breaking News
27 – Anna
28 – Custom
29 – Pilot
30 – Bologna
31 – Venezia
32 – A Few Questions
33 – Polizia
34 – Legio IX Hispana
35 – Matrice
36 – Segovia
37 – Ocean
38 – Maman
39 – Alex
40 – York
41 – Questions
42 – Home
43 – Offices
44 – Judith
45 – New Phone
46 – Upstairs
47 – AC
48 – Vengeance
49 – Back to Rome
50 – Paris
51 – Leaving Las Vegas
52 - Over Lasagna
53 – AC Upstairs
54 – The Woman
55 – Hotel Triton
56 – Golden Gate
57 – Arles
58 – Farmhouse
59 – Futons
60 – A Plan
61 – British Ladies
62 – Roman Morning
63 – Gay Paris
64 – Wake Up
65 – Special Delivery
66 – Two Moons
67 – Vesuvius
68 – Water Goddess
69 – Sewing Shields
70 – Rage
71 – Change
72 – Fit
73 – Dawn
74 – A Short Wait
75 – Lost And Found
76 – Scomparire
77 – Tua Vita Mea
78 – Decisions
79 – Departure
80 – Starry Night


Prologue

It has been nearly a year since Denise Zen and Layla Martin were approached and entrusted to help Nola and the rest of the crew of the Tyrine locate and rescue two crewmembers that had been kidnapped while on the planet surface.

The odyssey sent them on an adventure across the southern United States and beyond, mastering along the way the powers they had within that manifested themselves, one of the deciding factors in their being approached by the gentle but advanced extraterrestrials seeking their help.

They have spent most of their time in Southern Illinois mastering the unique gifts they received from the crew of the Tyrine. Their new home is now in Makanda, Illinois.

Denise has been having dreams, seeing visions, instilling in her a sense of impending dread more than wonder.

Her senses and gifts will prove to be right as usual.



1
Approach

The sun had slipped behind the brightly lit Chicago skyline some time earlier, and was continuing its descent that would wash the sky in a shade of blue black. It was the perfect end to the opening concert, kicking off yet another season of The Grant Park Music Festival.
“I can’t say that I like the concerts at this site as much as I liked them across the way at the Petrillo Band Shell,” Denise said.
“And where exactly would that be?” Layla asked.
“Right over yonder,” Denise said, a serious look on her face for wanting to point directly to it.
“Over yonder?” Mary laughed.
“Yes, that’s what I said, over yonder.” She pointed again.
“I might have known Southern Illinois was having its effect on you when you greeted me with howdy.”
“I love the word howdy,” Denise smiled.
They had traveled up to Chicago for Mary’s birthday a day early, and since Vivaldi was one of her favorite classical composers, Denise dragged her out of the house for the free concert that included his Four Seasons.
“Still a bit of a chill in the air,” Denise said, reaching for the jean jacket she brought along.
“Really, I think it’s comfortable,” Mary said.
“Yeah, but we all are not from these here parts,” Denise grinned.
“Oh stop it, now I know you’re exaggerating.”
“Shhh, this here concert’s about to start.”
A guest violinist from France was introduced and they broke into spring.
I know this. I really like Vivaldi it seems, Denise thought.
As do I. Always loved this song, Layla sighed. It’s much better with you here though.
Of course, Denise giggled.
When the concert was over Denise insisted they head over for a pizza at Due’s.
“I keep forgetting, you’re on that college diet of pizzas and a schedule of having them at odd hours,” Mary said. “Sounds nice. Haven’t been there in a while.”
Layla drove the black Mustang over to the restaurant, finding a parking spot on the same block.
During dinner, about three bites into her first slice of pizza, Mary softly moaned with delight. “Mmm, I’d forgotten how good this pizza is when you come here to the original restaurant. It’s out of this world.”
Denise and Layla looked at each other and laughed. “It’s not out of this world yet, but someday it will be,” Denise said.
“Oh yeah,” Mary moaned.
Layla motioned for their waitress.
“Yes?”
“I’d like another coke when you can slip it in please,” Layla smiled. When she brought it to the table Layla asked, “Can anyone write on these walls?”
“Absolutely.”
“Thank you.”
When she’d had enough to eat, Mary headed to the bathroom to freshen up.
“Love the smell of a Sharpie marker,” Layla said. She found a small space on the wall next to and slightly behind her that was not already covered in names or graffiti, and slowly added her name and Denise’s inside a heart with an arrow through it. “There, what do you think?”
She turned to see Denise carving into the wooden trim using one of the forks.
“Denise?”
She appeared to be in a trance as she continued to scrape into the wood.
“Denise. Baby what’s wrong?” Layla said.
She continued to carve into the wood.
DENISE. BABY WHAT IS WRONG? Layla screamed.
“What? Oh, it looks great sweetie. Yes, I love the smell of a Sharpie marker too,” Denise said, still holding on to the bent fork.
“What is that?” Layla asked.
“What is what?”
“That,” Layla said, pointing to the carving Denise had just created.
“That? I don’t know. Looks like Latin. Maybe someone’s name, why?”
“Why? Because YOU just carved it, with that,” Layla said pointing to the fork she was still holding in her hand.
Denise looked back at the letters she had just carved. “I did?”
“Yes, while I was doing the heart. Are you ok?”
Denise took out her iPhone and snapped a few images of it just as Mary returned to the table.
“Want to get going?” Mary asked.
“Yes, we do,” Layla said. She once again motioned for the waitress to pack what was left of the pizza so Mary could take it home with her.
Denise was the last one to get up from the table to leave, passing a final disturbed gaze over the letters on the wall. C O V E N T I N A. She could not help but feel overwhelmed with a feeling of dread.



2
Museum

The sound of car horns and traffic awakened Denise. Definitely not the peace and quiet of Southern Illinois, she thought, as she slid out of bed and went to the bathroom. She returned to the room that was still dark. She could hear the sound of Layla’s rhythmic breathing and tip toed over to the front window, separating the front curtain just enough to see out. The bright morning sunlight seemed more than her eyes could bear at the moment. The city skyline rose above the sign of the motel they were staying at, The Ohio House. She chose this motel because of its two level motel existence in a twenty plus story neighborhood on Chicago’s near north side that actually included a parking lot for the customers. They’d survived since the sixties. No one pushed them out. She liked that. She also liked that the Mustang was parked right beneath their window.
It was Friday, and she and Layla had an entire day to kill before heading over to her parent’s house to sing Happy Birthday to Mary. She got dressed and slipped out to get some coffee from the motel restaurant, returning with two large cups and a Chicago Reader newspaper.
“I smell coffee,” Layla moaned softly.
“You do indeed,” Denise said. She sat in a comfortable lounge chair looking at the newspaper.
“What’s it looking like out there?”
“Promises to be a nice day. The sun is shining. The birds are singing. The horns are honking. It’s Friday in the big city.”
“Wow, all of that hey?”
“Thinking of getting some culture in our lives. Big cities may be distasteful to live in, but they do offer sweet museums, so what do you say?”
“Where you lead, I will follow. Is this one mine?”
“Yes luv, that is your coffee.”
Denise could sense that Layla was still somewhat disturbed by what she had watched her do the day before at the restaurant. I guess I am a bit disturbed by it as well, but I’m not going to dwell on it, she thought as she took her shower. They were still going to be in the city for another day and she wasn’t going to ruin it by worrying.
After showering and getting dressed, they started their day with breakfast at the motel restaurant. “It’s not Mary Lou’s but it’s pretty good,” Layla giggled.
“One must be out of this world to come close to her breakfast I suppose. I hear breakfast is good in New York, different potatoes.”
“That’s what I hear too.”
It was a beautiful late spring morning so they decided to walk to the Art Institute and stop along the way for some lattes.
“I guess we need to talk about last night huh?” Denise asked, as they strolled east on Ohio St. towards Michigan Avenue.
“Well, we don’t need to, but,” Layla said, her eyes widening when she did.
“All these brains in a city this size. Maybe I was picking up someone’s deep thoughts?”
“Maybe,” Layla said, her eyes widening again as she did.
“Not buying it huh?”
“Nah. I don’t know what it was, but whatever it was had you, had a grip on you that words spoken could not break through.”
“Yeah, that’s disturbing.”
Finally making it to Michigan Avenue broke the doom and gloom mood they were allowing themselves to sink into. “To your left is many wonderful shops along the Magnificent Mile,” Denise said, motioning as if she were starring in a television commercial. “To your right are less shops, but many historical sites to behold, including the place we were at yesterday.”
“I take it we are not heading to the shopping part,” Layla laughed.
“We can if you’d like. There’s a Victoria’s Secret that way.”
“Just as easy to order online, and the deals are better. Right it is.”
They walked south, stopping at a Starbucks along the way. “Hey, let’s cross here. There’s something very cool I’d like you to see,” Denise said.
They crossed the street and stood in front of Tribune Tower. “See these stones? They are from all over the world,” Denise said, pointing to stones that were embedded in the façade of the building and cemented in place.
“Now this is very cool,” Layla smiled.
“The Parthenon. Amazing. We need to travel more.”
“That we do. Ooh, the Great Pyramid.”
“The Alamo,” Denise said, giving Layla a strange look. “I wonder how Maria and Anna are doing?”
“I’m sure you can tap into the network and find out if you wanted to,” Layla laughed. “This one is from Pompeii.”
When she pointed it out Denise saw the vision of a woman’s face flash in her mind. “That would be an amazing place to visit,” Denise said, forcing the words out so Layla did not turn to see the effect seeing the image had on her.
“Lot’s of Revolutionary War stones, and rightfully so I think. Oh look, this one is from the Colosseum,” Layla said.
Denise walked up to the stone and touched it. “I think I was a Roman,” she said.
“Really?”
“Yes, in a past life, and I think,” she stopped speaking when the same word she had carved into the wood at the restaurant was heard, followed by muffled whispers. C O V E N T I N A.
“Yes, you were saying, you think?”
“I think I might have even been here, at the Colosseum.”
“As a spectator I hope.”
“Yes, as a spectator.”
After checking out the rest of the stones imbedded in the walls of the building, they continued south towards the Art Institute.
Much of the art they viewed at the museum took the edge off the messages Denise still seemed to be receiving. They ate lunch at the museum restaurant.
“Enough painting, let’s look at some old stuff,” Denise said.
“Ok. You lead the way.”
“It’s got to be this way. All the older stuff is down here.”
Denise led them to the Ancient Egyptian, Greek and Roman Art galleries. It is obviously Latin. Coventina. I wonder how much Roman stuff they have on display today.
“This is utterly amazing. I love everything Egyptian,” Layla said.
“All so masterfully crafted.”
“Notice that all the Roman stuff seems to have noses missing?”
“Yes. Every time they were conquered it seems, more of their artwork would fall victim to vandalism. There are other theories of course. Some believed that the spirit of the person was in the sculpture, and if they removed the nose it would be released. One thing is certain, there are more Roman sculptures missing a nose than any others.”
“Can only imagine what it must have been like to live in those times,” Layla said. “She is very beautiful, even without a nose.”
“Yeah. I wonder what her name was?” C O V E N T I N A, sounded in Denise’s head as she gazed upon the ancient face. She reached out to touch the face with both hands, gently gliding over the front and back of the head. “I think maybe I will try my hand at sculpture.”
“Well, we’ve got plenty of room for a studio.”
“Hey, do you mind if we hit an art store on the way to the party?”
“Of course not.”
“Come on, let’s catch a taxi.”
“I was hoping you were not going to want to walk back,” Layla laughed.
Back at the Ohio House they showered quickly and headed to her favorite art store where Denise picked out an assortment of clays and tools along with a rotating sculpture stand before settling in at her parent’s house for dinner and birthday cake.
“Do you have to head back tomorrow?” Mary asked.
“We don’t have to, but I’d like to,” Denise said.
“Would you mind if I came to visit you down there?”
“What an absurd question to ask Mary, of course you can. You’re welcome to come stay with us any time you like. We have plenty of room now thanks to Lucky Layla,” she smiled.
“I’ll be sure to call before coming down.”
“Call, don’t call, you’re welcome any time. Love you sis, Happy Birthday.”
“Thanks sweetie, I love you too. Be careful.”
“Always am,” Denise smiled.



3
Studio

Denise and Layla settled back into their Southern Illinois existence. They no longer lived in separate trailers. With the lottery winnings they had already claimed, they purchased a plot of land roughly two miles southwest of Makanda. They each found it hard to believe so much of this area was wide open, uninhabited. The nearest neighbor was a mile away. There was only one road leading to their property that eventually twisted and turned it’s way to it from Makanda Road and Highway 51. The house and barn they had built was completely surrounded by forest. All in all it was a ‘modest dwelling’ as Denise put it, considering they had the riches to have built a small mansion.
Layla went out for groceries she would need to grill her sinfully delicious shish kabobs. Denise moved her clay, tools and stand out to the barn to set up a place to work. “This looks good. I can run a hose out to here. Plenty of room for both Mustangs,” she said to herself. “Oh, I promised to light the grill.” Before she made it out of the barn she was knocked to the ground with a message in her head that was so loud it almost hurt. Coventina. Quintus inveniet vos. It was a male’s voice. It repeated itself nine times before it stopped.
When she seemed certain it had stopped, she stood back up and staggered back to the house. She quickly started the grill so she would not need to give an excuse for not having done so when Layla returned. She poured herself a large glass of water and sat in a lounge chair in the yard. “Well, I know I’m not crazy,” she said to herself. She tried her best to send herself an email with the words she heard. What was that word, in something?
She saw Layla coming up the road and sent the email with what she thought the third word was. “Just what I need, an Italian male in my brain,” she sighed before putting on a happy face when Layla pulled up.
“I would have been willing to bet you got so wrapped up in the barn this would not have been started but, alas.”
“Life is a never ending mystery,” Denise said. “Can I help with anything?”
“No. Just relax and enjoy the day, or what’s left of it. This is my treat.”
She lay out on the lounge chair in the shade of a large oak tree, trying to piece it all together. It’s Latin, or a form of it that’s for sure, but why me? Why am I picking this up? Humans I can tune out. It has to be something else. Is it possible that someone from up there evolved to speak something close to an Earth language? She stared up at a puffy cloud going by knowing all too well what was a very short distance above it, the star filled black vastness of space. Anything was possible, of that she was certain. “Oh well, it can’t hurt I suppose,” she said quietly to herself.
“Denise, dinner is ready,” Layla called.
“I’m out here mom, I’ll be right there,” she laughed. Before she got up to head back to the house she imagined staring right through that passing cloud when she sent a message. Coventina. I hear you. I am Denizen.
“Wake up honey, time to eat,” Layla laughed.
“Coming.”
When they were finished with the small delicious feast, and everything was cleaned up and put away, Denise asked Layla to join her on a large blanket out on the lawn.
Layla lay on the blanket with Denise next to her staring up at the star filled sky. “Lay it on me,” she said.
“I think I’m being contacted by someone or something from up there,” Denise said.
“Please, continue.”
“When in Chicago. Anything we got near that was from Rome seemed to trigger that same word, Coventina. At times I thought I heard conversation in a whisper but cannot be certain. Today though, when you went out for groceries, I received what may be a sentence, again in Latin would be my best guess.”
“What do you think it means?”
“For now, I don’t have a clue, I mean, I simply don’t.”
“I’ll keep a close eye on you.”
“I know you will. Just before eating, I sent a response, at least I think I did.”
“What say we head over to Morris Library tomorrow?”
“Sounds like a plan.”
“Now, after an incredible meal like the one we just had, and here, under this gorgeous night sky, with all the little forest creatures beginning to serenade us, how can you resist this body any longer?” Layla said in a deep voice.
“I can’t,” Denise said as they kissed deeply.



4
Library

The first to wake up again, something that seemed to be the norm for her since the first odyssey began with the members of the Tyrine nearly a year before, Denise put on a pot of coffee and hopped in the shower. Unlike the small trailer she lived in back then, she could brew a pot of coffee and if the bedroom door were closed on the other side of the house, the smell would not instantly wake Layla up.
When she exited the shower, she put on a thong and poured herself a large cup of coffee before bringing her MacBook Pro out of sleep to check her email. She had so many accounts it usually took her a while to weed out all the junk and get to messages worth reading or replying to.
With the email out of the way she opened Google and searched Learn Latin. The reviews convinced her to order the Rosetta Stone software. It taught the version of Latin spoken by the Romans. I don’t know why, but I think I’m going to need this.
She spent the better part of an hour researching online, discovering that Coventina was indeed a Romano-British goddess of wells and springs. Hmm. So, she is also a Celtic river goddess known for healing hey? Also a name given to Anglo Saxon girls with multiple meanings, water goddess, name of the nymph.
“You’ve found another?” Layla whispered, walking from the bedroom towards the kitchen.
“Yes, yes I have,” Denise said.
“That’s nice,” Layla said through half open eyes, sitting on the couch next to her holding a cup of coffee. “One of these days I am going to be up before you and make the coffee.”
“I like making coffee.”
“And I like drinking it,” Layla softly giggled. “So who is the goddess?”
Denise explained what she had found out so far about the name Coventina.
“I am fascinated. What would we do without the internet?”
“Weep, often,” Denise laughed. “Oh yes, I ordered up some language software, going to take a crash course in Latin, since it might be important to actually have a clue about what is going on in my noodle.”
“Maybe I should learn with you?”
“I think you should, then we can talk about people and they will have absolutely no clue what we are saying,” Denise laughed.
“Oh you’re too nice to be like that.”
“Well, I am the nicest person I know, but there are times.”
“Anymore incoming overnight?”
“No. All quiet on Hadrian’s Wall.”
“I’m going to make us breakfast since it’s Sunday and what’s open is going to be crowded. French toast or pancakes?”
“French toast would be nice.”
“Would you like a side of sausage or bacon with that Miss?”
“Yes please.”
“Syrup or preserves?”
“Syrup please, and yes I will do the dishes,” Denise giggled.
“Thank you.”
After spending a good portion of the rest of the morning frolicking both indoors and out, they were on their way to campus where they had a date with some lattes and Morris Library.
“Exodus,” Denise sang as she drove the burgundy Mustang north on Highway 51, “movement of Jah people, oh yeah. Open your eyes and let me tell you this.”
“You’re in a good mood today,” Layla smiled.
“Yeah, I yam,” she smiled, squinting as she did making her eyes look like wrinkles.
“And a tad bratty at that.”
“Haa.”
She parked at the Student Center parking lot and they made their way first to Starbucks then slowly to the Library. “I forgot to bring a bag large enough to hide our lattes. They won’t let us in with these you know.”
“Well, not willfully anyway,” Layla laughed. “It’s a nice day to relax and enjoy them outside before we go in.”
Denise loved the sweet smell of the trees along the walk from the Student Center to the Library.
As they sat outside finishing their lattes, Denise received a message loud and clear. Inquilina. Mea nomen est Quintus. Tu quis es?
“Did you hear that?” Layla asked.
“Hear it? Oh yeah,” Denise laughed. “Why, what did you hear?”
“Some guy speaking Latin would be my best guess.”
“How loud?”
“Quiet. Barely there.”
“Could you describe what it sounded like?”
“Yes, it sounded like this. I am trying to contact you and I don’t know how exactly,” Layla whispered.
“It sounded like that to you hmm?”
“Yes.”
“This is how it sounded to me. INQUILINA. MEA SOMETHING SOMETHING QUINTUS,” Denise shouted, the few passersby that were out and about on a Sunday stopping to look at her and laugh.
“That loud huh?”
“Louder.”
“Come on, it’s library time.”
“Indeed.”
They proceeded up to the 5th floor where they found an abundance of books on the Latin language.
Denise pulled out a small pad and pencil and thought about the line she heard outside. She began to write, Inquilina, placing a period after it because there was a definite pause. Mea nomen est Quintus. Another period for another pause. Tu quis es? She did not need to go farther than the first word to realize her message from the day before had been received. “Inquilina is Denizen,” she said, looking up at Layla.
“You are Denizen,” Layla grinned.
“I am Inquilina.”
“So, then who or what is Coventina?”
“I have a feeling we are going to find out.”



5
Latin 101

Layla looked at Denise and smiled. “Mulier pulchra es,” she said softly.
“Fusce. Pulchriora sunt,” Denise smiled back before kissing her.
“Not bad after two days I must say.”
“Conversational Latin coming up, even though next to nobody will know what we’re saying,” Denise laughed.
They had established that the voice Denise was hearing with the volume turned up was that of someone by the name of Quintus, and that he is coming, and that he wants to find Coventina.
“Are we matchmakers?” Layla asked.
“Hardly. We’re not being told everything.”
They had been at it nearly twenty hours each day hoping that when the time came, they would be able to kind of carry on a conversation with Quintus and whatever else was part of it all.
“Vis ire ad urbem pizza?” Layla said.
“Very good. Yes, but only if you drive.”
“My treat.”
“Tenues grandia crusta dulcia una pipere?”
“Haaa. I think you’re ahead of me in this lingo course, but if that means large thin crust sweet pepper, that would be perfect.”
“And if it don’t?” Denise grinned.
“Anything but anchovies really.”
“Let’s get dressed.
All the way to town they would pronounce the word for objects they were passing and the other had to say what it was.
“Arboribus,” Denise said softly.
“Uhm, trees?”
“Etiam. You’re turn.”
“Equus.”
“Horse.”
They continued all the way to Pagliai’s Pizza. “Bona olet,” Denise said, walking through the door.
“Always smells good.”
Layla could tell when Denise was having a conversation, even if it was a one-way link, with Quintus. “Anything new?”
“He’s not alone.”
“Oh?”
“Do you want what I think the lineup is?”
“Will I still want to eat?” Layla giggled.
Denise just smiled at her. “Petilius, Odomnus, Venutius, Marcus and Lucius.”
“Well, they all sound very Roman.”
“They are arriving soon, I think.”
“How soon?”
“I don’t know. I have no idea where they are from. I have no idea where they are arriving at. I only know they are speaking fluent Latin from the days of the Roman Empire, and one of them has an obsession with Coventina.”
“I bet they will like pizza.”
“How can they not like pizza?”
“Please order, I must go pee.”
Denise reached for her iPhone when she noticed someone from the class she briefly attended a year earlier wave to her from a far table. She waved back and smiled. He walked over to her table. “Hello, Denise right?” he said.
“Good memory, Gary right?”
“Good memory. How have you been?”
“Ok, how about you?”
“Going to do some sculpting this summer.”
“Really? I was thinking the same thing. Taking a crash course in a language at the moment.”
“Which one?”
“Latin, the Latin the Romans used. It’s intense.”
“Whoa. Why Latin?”
“I know huh, study a language no one uses anymore?”
“You know my roommate speaks it perfectly. As a matter of fact she may be a Latin scholar.”
“See how popular it is?” Denise laughed.
When Layla returned to the table Denise introduced them to each other. “It’s a pleasure to meet you Gary,” she said.
“Layla, Gary was telling me his roommate is a Latin scholar, speaks it fluently.”
“Well, there’s one other person we’ll be able to share it with,” Layla laughed.
“Here Gary, give her my number and ask her to give me a call,” Denise said.
“I will Denise. It was great seeing you again. Have fun trying your hand at sculpting.”
“Thanks, you do the same.”
“Now I gotta go pee,” Denise laughed.
“Food tastes better when you don’t have to pee.”
“Oh yeah.”
When Denise returned to the table the pizza had arrived.
Midway through the pizza an incoming message had her reeling. “Oh not during dinner.”
“Bad timing,” Layla said, reaching into her bag to pull out a pad and paper.
“Thanks. Ready?” Denise asked.
Layla nodded.
“Same message. Basically Quintus arriving soon, searching for Coventina. Wait,” Denise motioned for her to write. “Membra sumus legionem nonam.”
Layla waited patiently. “Think that’s it?”
“Yeah. Just put it away, I’ll deal with it later,” Denise sighed.
They finished eating, paid and got up to leave. When they stepped out of the restaurant, Gary was opening the door to a car. “Hello, again,” Denise said when they walked by.
“Oh hey, Denise, what timing. This is my roommate I was telling you about, Denise Lucilla, Lucilla, Denise.”
“Lucilla, it’s a pleasure to meet you,” Denise said.
“Denise is studying Latin,” Gary said.
“Really? And I thought I was the only one in Southern Illinois who knew Latin,” Lucilla smiled.
“I hear you’re a real pro.”
“You hear well.”
“Hi, I’m Layla. What does this mean?” she said, handing Lucilla the pad she had just written the latest new message on.
“Interesting. It says, we are members of the ninth legion.”
Lucilla handed the pad back to Layla. “Thanks,” Layla smiled.
“See you around.”
“Goodnight.”
Denise asked Layla to stop for some ice cream before they headed home. “Members of the ninth legion?”
Layla just shook her head looking somewhat puzzled.
“Well I am not going to let it keep me from enjoying this rich delicious malt,” Denise said.
Both of them could not help wondering what it all meant as they headed south on Highway 51.



6
Ninth

The better part of a week had passed. In that time, Denise and Layla finished their language lessons. They commissioned Lucilla to tutor them and enhance their communication skills. She arrived daily in the mid-afternoon and would stay for hours. She was also quite the authority on all things Roman, a ‘walking history book’ as Layla put it. She knew all there was to know about the Ninth Legion, certainly one of the most popular. She seemed genuinely delighted that anyone else would take an interest not only in learning Latin, but also about Rome and Roman life.
Lucilla turned to see Denise with her hand raised and head cocked to the right side. “Yes Denise,” she laughed.
“So, there is still no solid evidence anywhere about what actually happened to the Ninth Legion?”
“Strange as it may seem, thorough record keepers that the Romans were, yes, that is true.”
Layla raised her hand.
“Oh stop it,” Lucilla laughed.
“The last concrete evidence of the legion itself can be traced to York in England yes?” Layla said.
“The Empire was expanding, or should I say had expanded as far as it could. It was a monumental task to have the necessary troops to control it. Rome had made many enemies, and the Britons were a force they could not control. There are many theories about what happened to them.”
“Is it possible they simply disappeared?” Denise asked.
“Just disappeared? I guess anything IS possible. Some believe they were completely destroyed while in Brittania, which would explain the arrival of Emperor Hadrian shortly after the slaughter of thousands of legionnaires, with a legion that he left there. He also ordered the construction of Hadrian’s wall that would divide north and south Brittania, making it harder for them to unite and cause more horrible Roman loss of life.”
“When were they at York?” Layla asked.
“Around 71 C.E.”
Perhaps we should take a trip luv? Layla thought.
I have a feeling that will happen soon.
“Other theories?” Denise asked.
“That they were not slaughtered at all. They may have been badly decimated and what was left sent to other legions as replacements. There is a record of at least a few of their commanders serving in the Middle East after the time spent in Brittania. They may have been destroyed in battle against the Parthian Empire.”
“Parthians?”
“Persians. In all likelihood they were lost somewhere in battle. The mystery of absolutely no documentation being found about their end remains. No one can say for certain what happened to the Ninth Legion.”
“How long were they in Brittania?”
“They arrived during the reign of Claudius around 43 C.E. There is evidence of them being in Brittania from then through York, with them vanishing from the records sometime around 117 C.E.”
Denise raised her hand again.
“Denise.”
“I have to go to the bathroom.”
“I think that will be all for today,” Lucilla laughed.
“My stomach’s grumbling. Would you join us for dinner in town?” Layla asked.
“Sure.”
Lucilla followed Layla and Denise to town for a Mexican dinner.
“Where did you acquire an interest in all things Roman?” Denise asked.
The waitress arrived and started serving their meals.
“Ever since I was a little girl living in Chicago, I have felt a strong attraction to Rome. It is almost as if I were living in the wrong time now, and the wrong place. I am certain that somehow, in a past life perhaps, I was a Roman.”
“Funny, but I get the same feeling, well got the same feeling when we were in Chicago a few weeks ago. There is a stone from the Colosseum imbedded in the outer wall of the Tribune Tower. When I touched it, vivid images of being inside of it as a spectator flashed in my mind,” Denise said.
“I have experienced that my entire life.”
Are you going to tell her about the voices? Layla asked.
No. Not yet. I don’t want to scare her away, Denise replied.
“Do you have any idea what era you were there?”
“Funny you should ask Denise. I believe I lived there more than once.”
“Really?”
“Yes. Around 43 B.C. and again around 120 B.E.”
“Amazing,” Layla said. “I guess I’ve always believed in reincarnation.”
“As have I,” Lucilla smiled.
“Count me in,” Denise said.
“This meal is delicious. I have never been here before.”
“We eat in restaurants too often perhaps,” Layla said.
“Have you ever been to Rome?” Denise asked.
“No. I know, it sounds crazy that someone obsessed with the place and that time has never been there, but no, I have not. I have a feeling that if I do ever go, I will not return.”
“Not return, in a good way right?” Layla asked.
“Yes, at least I think so.”
When their dinner was finished, they left the restaurant and walked back to their cars.
“Will you be by tomorrow Lucilla?” Denise said.
“Yes, if I can come by a little earlier than usual.”
“We’ll arrange to be around all day after oh say, ten a.m.?”
“Perfect. I will see you tomorrow.”
“Goodnight.”
“Bona nocte.”
“Bona nocte,” Denise and Layla chimed.



7
Barn

Layla had just gotten out of the shower when Denise called to her from the front door. “Going out to the barn.”
“Ok, have fun.”
“Oh yeah,” she said. I just love working on a face of someone I don’t know.
She walked back to the fridge for a bottle of water before she stepped outside. Another glorious Southern Illinois day, she thought as she walked to the barn.
When she opened the door a strong pair of arms grabbed hold of her, one hand over her mouth, the other holding a dagger to her throat. He spoke in Latin, “Do not try to get away.”
“Which one are you?” she managed to get out in a mouth covered mumble.
“My name in Marcus.”
Darling, the Romans are here with me in the barn, one with a dagger at my throat. Approach with caution.
“What is your name?” another voice asked from the shadows in the still dark interior.
“Inquilina,” Denise said. Remove your hand from my mouth and lower that dagger.
Marcus moved his hands to her shoulders after replacing his dagger in its scabbard.
“You have nothing to fear,” a different voice spoke, stepping out of the shadows, pushing the hood of his cloak back off his head. “I am Quintus.”
“Nor do you have anything to fear,” Denise said, glancing from Quintus to the strong hands still resting on her shoulders.
“Marcus, release her.” His hands dropped but he did not move from his position behind her.
Do you need me, are you ok?
So far I think I am.
We can always rebuild the garage.
I’d rather not.
“I have been hearing your messages for weeks now. How were you transmitting those messages?” Denise asked.
“The explanation for that will come, in time, if we can work together,” Quintus said.
Denise heard a car coming up the drive. “Oh damn, that is undoubtedly my Latin tutor coming to help us improve our Latin, so we can communicate better. You must give me time to explain your presence to her, or she will leave and never come back.”
Quintus looked at her with the strong gaze of a warrior in command. “I believe you speak the truth Inquilina. We shall remain hidden until the time is right.”
“Yes. Don’t leave, stay here, I won’t be long. She will welcome the opportunity to meet you.”
“We will wait.”
Baby bring Lucilla into the house, I’m okay. I will be right there.
Marcus stepped out from behind her and moved towards the others. When he did, his cloak brushed the cloth Denise had over the face she had been sculpting causing it to slide off, revealing the head of a woman.
Are you sure?
Yes, trust me.
Quintus pointed to the sculpture with a mixed look of glee and horror on his face. “You have seen her? You have seen Coventina?”
“No, well not in person. I created that from images in my mind. Are you saying that is the face of Coventina?”
“Yes,” he said, with a longing sigh.
“I must go or someone will come.”
“Yes, go, we will remain here.”
She returned to the house where Layla was waiting at the door. “It’s ok honey, I was able to control the one with the dagger,” she whispered.
“Got a minute?” Layla asked, taking Denise by the arm to the bedroom.
What’s up?
You plan on telling Lucilla?
Yes, at this point I am afraid I must.
That’s going to open up a can of ravioli.
She will never need to remember if we don’t want her to.
Ok, you’re the boss Inquilina.
Thanks baby.
After making and serving coffee Denise spoke. “Lucilla, what if today, rather than lessons, I were able to treat you to something really unique, something I believe might be out of this world for lack of a better way of putting it?”
“I’d be honored. What did you have in mind?”
Denise went on to explain, in brief detail, what she’d been experiencing, and why they really chose to learn Latin and all things Roman. “I don’t know how it’s possible, I don’t know where they have traveled from or how they found me, but I believe that somehow, some way, I have a few members of the Ninth Legion in my barn.”
“That is an amazing story,” Layla said, speaking in between giggles.
“Would you like to meet them, or at least a few of them?”
“Yes, yes by all means, I would love to meet them,” Lucilla said, still unable to control her giggles.
Think she’s ready? Denise said.
Go for it, while she’s still giggling.
“Excuse me, I’ll be right back.”
Denise stepped outside and walked back out to the barn. “Have you all eaten, are you hungry?” she asked.
“We have not eaten today,” Marcus said.
“Well don’t worry, I am going to feed you. My tutor, Lucilla, wants to meet you. I must warn you, she thinks I am not telling the truth, about you being from Rome and members of the Ninth Legion, so don’t get angry or do anything rash if she laughs because she thinks it is a joke or a prank ok?”
“Is she royalty?”
“Yes, treat her like royalty, that would be perfect. I would recommend just two of you for now. Do you trust me?”
Quintus stepped forward with Marcus and told the others to remain hidden. “We will follow you.”
“Good. Please try to understand, she has lived in Rome in past lives, and will be in awe of your presence.”
“Lead the way, please.”
Without hesitation she led them out of the barn and across the large yard back to the house, turning to get a good look at them in the sunshine. They were wearing long deep red cloaks, almost Saluki colors, the hoods still lying back over their shoulders. She could see they were concealing weapons when the wind blew Marcus’ cloak aside.
“Come in, please,” she said, walking in through the door followed by the two warriors. Layla was on her feet and ready for anything. “Lucilla, allow me to present Quintus and Marcus, just arrived from the Gods know where, members of the Ninth Legion.”
Lucilla’s mouth stayed open and speechless as she gazed at the two legionnaires.



8
Barbeque

Layla looked at Denise before she got in the car. “They use to rape and pillage too you know,” she said.
“I must stay here, I’ll be fine.”
“I’ll be back as fast as I can but we are going to have to start shopping for food as if we had an army to feed.”
“Haa. Supergirl, I hope they never have to experience first hand what you are capable of.”
Layla got in the black Mustang and sped to town. Denise noticed three heads sporting various lengths of black hair peaking out the barn door.
Could have used these boys in Lubbock, she thought.
When Marcus saw Denise lifting a fifty pound bag of charcoal briquettes out of the trunk of the burgundy Mustang he ran over to help her carry it. “Thank you Marcus.”
“What do you want me to do with this?”
“You can leave it over here by the grills,” she pointed, walking over to them.
Lucilla and Quintus were walking along the western tree line talking. Denise could see that Lucilla was genuinely entertained. She could also see that Marcus seemed to have more than a curious attraction to Lucilla.
“Marcus.”
“Yes.”
“You all do eat meat don’t you?” Denise asked.
“Yes, if it is roasted or boiled, and it must be fresh.”
“It will be fresh. I just wasn’t sure since history books say your main staple was grains.”
“Indeed it was, but fresh meat properly prepared is allowed.”
“Wonderful, because you will love Layla’s cooking then.”
“You are most kind.”
“Thank you. I must admit, having Lucilla here makes this all much easier on me.” She watched his gaze turn towards her.
“She is a remarkable woman, more knowledgeable than our scholars.”
“I bet she looks a lot better to.”
“She is a beautiful woman.”
“Does she look like a Roman woman of your day?”
“Yes.”
“Your comrades don’t have to stay in the barn do they?”
“No, they do not.”
There is a tall stack of white chairs they can use to sit down on inside the barn that you can have them bring out with them.”
“Thank you.” Marcus called to them to join him in the yard and bring the stack of chairs.
Denise was in the middle of explaining what to do with the charcoal when Layla came speeding up the drive. Just in time for Lighting a 21st Century Grill 101, Denise giggled.
I’ve been a mental wreck. I hope I remembered to bring everything.
“Marcus, can you spare a few hands to help Layla bring the food into the house?”
“Of course Inquilina.”
With all the food now in the kitchen, Layla started in to preparing a large feast for nine adults, six of them hungry looking males.
Denise had the men loading a large cooler with ice, per Layla’s request, so they would not need to come into the house for drinks or water. She was still wary of their presence and ready for anything.
“Ok, the grills are grilling, the cooler is waiting. What can I do to help?”
“Leave, with me, now?” she laughed.
“They are actually being very helpful and well behaved.”
“They should be if they were able to build roads, bridges, forts and walls, but first and foremost, they are, or were, warriors.”
“Good point.”
Lucilla offered to help them prepare the food, but Denise thought it best to keep the troops entertained and learn as much as she could about them and why exactly there were here now.
“Marcus has a thing for Lucilla,” Denise said, looking out the kitchen window.
“That is understandable, she is a beautiful and brilliant woman.”
“Ok, I have all the salads and stuff in the fridge ready to go when you are finished grilling.”
“Let’s start grilling for our army,” Layla laughed.
They each carried a large tray full of shish kabobs, burgers, chicken breasts and wings out to the waiting table near the grills.
Venutius gave Denise a hand bringing out cans of soda pop, juice and water for the cooler.
When the meal was ready, Denise laid all the food out on a table, explaining as each warrior came by what everything was. “This is chicken, try it, you’ll love it. This is the very best shish kabob. This is from a cow called a burger, very popular. Here you have potato salad, this is coleslaw from cabbage, macaroni salad, which will be very popular in Italy once noodles are introduced to you from Asia.”
Layla watched them and could not help but wonder what a meal around the campfire was like when they were still attached to the rest of their legion.
Eventually the conversation turned to what happened to them, why they appeared more than 1900 years later looking as if they had barely aged.
“We were stationed at Eboracum,” Marcus started.
“Present day York in Britain,” Lucilla said.
“Yes, the place of the Yew trees,” Lucius said.
“We,” Marcus said, motioning to his comrades and himself, “were on patrol.”
“Patrol? Near your camp?”
“Yes. It was necessary to send patrols out for a variety of reasons. Britannia was not a safe place for Romans when we were there,” Quintus said.
“We were always prepared for battle,” Lucius said.
“Eventually a permanent civilian settlement grew because of us, leading to streets being laid out, houses built and spread out over terraces on the steep slopes along the river,” Petilius said.
“So, Romans were good for local business,” Denise smiled.
“Very good for business. Not all Britons hated us.”
“Many of them loved us dearly, and we loved them,” Quintus said quietly.
“So, how far away from your fort was the patrol?” Layla asked.
“We were on our way back to the fort,” Marcus said. “I sensed that we were being watched, being followed, but we could not tell who or what, or from where. The sun was setting, the sky, filling with stars, when a light appeared above the tree line to the south.”
“A light?” Lucilla asked.
“Yes. It moved towards us,” Marcus continued. “We seemed to be frozen in the moment. It was as if one of the gods was paying us a visit.”
I think I can tell where this is going? Denise said.
I wonder where the gods are at this moment? Layla said.
“When it was directly above us, it seemed to sing to us. The sound was like that of a dozen young females,” Odumnus said.
“That is when it emanated a light that was blinding. It seemed brighter than the sun. We were frozen in place, unable to move,” Marcus said.
“Unable to move in any direction but up, into the light,” Quintus said.
“All of you were pulled up at once to the light?” Layla asked.
“Yes. We struggled fruitlessly but continued to rise,” Marcus said.
“How large was the source of the light?” Denise asked.
“Like the Amphitheater of Pompeii,” Venutius offered.
“Yes, but the light that IT rose to was larger than Rome itself,” Marcus said.



9
Time

Lucilla and Layla sat outside under the stars with five men, bringing them up to date on present day Earth as much as they could in a way that they might understand. When Lucilla explained that to this day, the fate of the Ninth Legion remained a mystery, they did not speak for some time.
Denise and Quintus shared a bottle of wine in the house.
“So she was going to have your child when you were taken away?” Denise asked.
“Yes,” Quintus said quietly.
“Then there is a good possibility you have family somewhere, if they survived through the ages.”
“A dream too good to be true perhaps. Before meeting Coventina I was a warrior. All I knew was the Roman Army. She touched and nurtured that part of every person, even a warrior, who knows first hand the horrors humans are capable of, that ability to love.”
“You have not explained why you search for Coventina now, more than 1900 years after time spent with her.”
“Those that took us know she is back. Lucilla speaks of living past lives as a Roman. Coventina lives here on Earth again, now.”
“She’s back, ok, I get it now. How can they be certain?”
“I cannot say. They have returned us, to stay here if we choose, or return with them to age at a far slower pace, on a new world, with mates.”
“They have returned here with you to find mates?”
“Yes. They know we are incomplete without them. They know now that we are not heartless killing machines because we are warriors, because we have killed many times in the name of honor and duty to Rome.”
“Why are you here, with me now? Do they know where Coventina is?”
“No. They brought us here because you received our message. It is believed that you can help us find her.”
Denise pondered that for a moment in silence. The last time it was a search and rescue mission with ample help from advanced beings. How could she possibly find one woman who could be anywhere? She had Layla. She had a broken record of past lives of legionnaires; she had a walking Roman Encyclopedia in Lucilla and nothing else.
“Where are they now?” Denise asked.
Quintus looked up at the sky full of stars. “Out there, somewhere.”
“Can you communicate with them?”
“We can’t but the one who brought us can.”
“Who is that? Are they here? Can I meet them?”
“I can ask.”
“Let me guess, it is the small arena size craft that comes from the one the size of Rome?”
“Yes. There are only three of them on it. When we return tonight after we leave here, I can ask them to give you an audience.”
“How do you communicate with them?”
“It is unnecessary to speak. They know what we would say before we could say it and respond, up here,” Quintus said, tapping his finger against his head.
Layla came walking in to the house. “Pee pee time,” she giggled, seeming a little tipsy from the wine they were drinking.
“Layla is my mate, my lover, and wherever I go she goes, so explain to them that if an audience is given it must be for both of us or none.”
“I shall.”
“Layla, please join us,” Denise said when she came out of the bathroom.
“Sure baby, what’s up?”
Denise explained to her what Quintus had told her and asked for her thoughts.
“Wow. What would Sherlock Holmes do? I guess we need to start in England, where his family would have lived, if they survived, for quite some time, before relocating, if they have at all,” Layla said.
“We will start this search in Britannia at York,” Denise said, “even though there is no certainty that if she is back in this lifetime, she is even a part of the same family in the same place.”
“Be nice to arrive there with the Mustang and all of its unique features,” Layla said.
“Yes. Quintus. Is this vessel large enough to transport us and our vehicle, our chariot?” Denise asked.
“Yes.”
“Well, then ask them if they can transport us along with our vehicle and you to Britannia, whether they agree to meet with us or not.”
“I will ask Inquilina.”
“Great. We have a starting point, one way or another. If we must get there on our own it will take up more time, but it is possible.”
“Time is of the essence Inquilina. We have only been given a fortnight to find our mates, to choose, or we will be left here, and they will leave.”
“Would that be such a horrible thing, to remain here on Earth, with mates?” Denise asked.
“Unless something were to change, we have all chosen to return with them,” Quintus said.
“Must be some place,” Denise said.
“Time is wasting,” Layla said.
“Yes. Perhaps we should call it a night. You must meet with them, and I must ask if Lucilla will accompany us, one way or another, to the U.K.”
“We shall get started immediately,” Quintus said.
“I cannot make you any promises Quintus, but if you have any living heirs, we should be able to find them, and that at least is a start,” Denise smiled.
“Until tomorrow,” Quintus said as they walked back out into the yard where Denise collected Lucilla and Quintus mustered his men.
“Until tomorrow,” Denise said.
As they sat in the living room explaining it all to Lucilla, a bright light shined in through the windows from an area near the woods beyond the barn.



10
Morning

The smell of freshly brewed coffee stirred Denise from her sleep. She slipped out of bed and walked to the bathroom before heading to the kitchen to pour herself a cup. She saw Layla through the window, out in the yard opening a large black garbage bag. Clean up time? she said.
Good morning, and yes clean up time and yes you can join me if you like.
“You’re in a surprisingly good mood this morning,” Denise said, stepping out into the yard wearing a tank top and panties. The overnight moisture on the grass felt refreshing against her bare feet.
“I am in a good mood. Always wanted to go to England,” she laughed.
“Well, it looks like we’re going one way or another.”
“You know, I’ve been thinking,” Layla said, clearing off everything from the tables and grills that had not already found its way into a garbage can.
“I love when you start really thinking so, lay it on me.”
“What is to prevent them from leaving with us too?”
“Well they certainly would not want us for mates don’t you think?” Denise smiled.
“No, I mean THEM, not the Romans. I don’t like all this mystery and being screened to meet them.”
“Well I’d say it comes with the territory whenever we meet a new species. Even our dear friends on the Tyrine kept much from us.”
“Do you think we should make it clear somehow, that we should not be fucked with?” Layla said.
“No. Clearly they communicate as do we, and may very well already know all of that. I don’t want to give them a reason to fear us, for now.”
“Less is more?”
“Precisely.”
They finished up getting the remnants of the previous day’s party in the trash and headed back into the house. “How does cereal sound?” Denise asked.
“Perfect.”
They poured themselves each a bowl of Cheerios and sat down to breakfast.
“Good morning ambassador,” Denise said, seeing Lucilla heading towards the kitchen.
“Good morning.”
“Coffee?”
“Please, thank you.”
It was only 8 a.m. when they finished up breakfast and Denise and Layla started a new pot of coffee. “I’m going to go home and pack, assuming that after what we discussed last night we may be leaving on a trip soon,” Lucilla said.
When Lucilla walked towards her car she saw Marcus approaching from behind the barn.
“Good morning Lucilla.”
“It is a good morning Marcus. Where are your friends?”
“On their way to Britannia, or already there. I must speak with Inquilina.”
“Sure, come on.” Lucilla knocked on the door just in case.
“Come in,” Layla shouted.
“Marcus is here and has a message for you.”
“Come in, please,” Denise said.
“Where is everyone?” Layla asked.
“Enroute to Britannia, or there already.”
“They left you here?”
“Yes, but not without purpose. In a few hours you are to meet with our friends,” Marcus said, pointing to the sky with his thumb.
“Is that a thumbs up?” Layla laughed.
That really got a laugh out of Marcus.
“How are we to meet?” Denise asked.
“Initially without your chariot or vehicle as you put it. Just the three of us, or four of us,” he said, smiling at Lucilla.
“Well you are welcome to stay in here, it’s getting pretty warm out there,” Layla said.
“I was just heading to my apartment to pick up some things I will need for a trip,” Lucilla smiled.
Marcus’ eyes lit up. “May I accompany you Lucilla?”
“Yes, of course. You can help me carry my bags,” she laughed.
Oh baby, Layla said.
Behave, Denise giggled.
“Marcus, when are we supposed to meet with your friends?”
“At the two o’clock hour.”
“Ok, well there is plenty of time, so make sure you bring everything you might need Lucilla darling,” Layla smiled.
“I will, thank you.”
Marcus followed Lucilla out to her car and they headed into town.
“Love is a many splendored thing don’t you think?” Denise asked.
“Mmm,” Layla said, dragging Denise to the couch.



11
Apartment

The apartment was empty when Lucilla arrived with Marcus. Her roommate was gone for most of the day. Being an artist, he spent long hours working in the studio. “All this guy stuff belongs to my roommate Gary,” Lucilla said, closing the front door behind her.
“Roommate?”
“Yes, purely platonic. Sharing the rent makes it easier to afford on a student budget.”
“I understand, I think.”
“Have you eaten breakfast?”
“No.”
Lucilla went to the fridge and found it to be amply stocked with breakfast ingredients. “Have a seat, please, I will make us something to eat.”
“Thank you,” Marcus smiled.
Lucilla walked into the living room and turned on the television. “Gary insisted on cable television even though I rarely watch it and he is never home,” she said. CNN was on. She handed him the remote and explained how to change the channels. “I know you’re a warrior, but some of this stuff might scare even you,” she smiled. “If you have any questions please ask.”
“I will, thank you.”
When she was scrambling the eggs Lucilla noticed a disturbed look on Marcus’ face. “What is it?”
“There is still so much violence on our world,” he said, watching a report of a terrorist attack in Iraq that killed 127 people.
“Ok, I hate to sound like a mom, but no news before breakfast,” Lucilla smiled, before walking over to the remote and setting the channel to a movie rather than the news. “This is better, a love story.”
“No violence before breakfast is a good thing,” Marcus smiled.
Lucilla returned to the kitchen and set the table while the bacon cooked.
“That smells wonderful,” Marcus said.
“Yes it does. My neighbors will know what I had for breakfast,” she laughed.
When the food was ready she asked him to join her at the table.
“Did you get breakfast in when you were with your legion?” she asked.
“Yes, a morning meal was had by all, unless of course we were in a situation where it was impossible to prepare food and eat.”
“Here, now, there is a variety of foods, most of which are not too heavy, that are deemed breakfast foods, things like eggs, and bacon, pancakes and toast in many varieties that are made from grains, fruit and most importantly, coffee,” Lucilla giggled.
“Coffee?”
“Here,” she said, pointing to the cup of coffee she had already poured, “and I would recommend trying it for the first time with a little cream and sugar.” She added a teaspoon of sugar and some cream to the cup and offered it to him to try.
His eyes smiled when he sampled his first cup of coffee. “It is delicious.”
“Oh yeah, I can see you are totally going to be a regular at Starbucks for however long you are here.”
“For however long?”
“Yes, I mean after all, you have been given the option to return with your friends and it seems unlikely you will stay behind without them if they decide to return.”
“The future is unwritten Lucilla.”
“Yes, well let’s not dwell on that for now what do you say?”
He followed her lead buttering his seven-grain toast and topping it off with strawberry preserves.
“You know, so much of what we have today, of what we are as a people today, can be traced directly back to Rome.”
“Really, what exactly?”
“Language, roads, all that you built, art, government, and so much more actually.”
“And conquest, war, slavery?” Marcus asked quietly.
“There is still all of that unfortunately, although slavery has been abolished over most of the planet for the crime against humanity that it is,” Lucilla said.
When they finished up breakfast Marcus helped her clear the table before she sent him back to the living room with his second cup of coffee in hand.
“May I watch now that breakfast has ended?”
“Yes, you may watch,” she laughed. “Do you remember how to turn it on?”
“Yes.”
When she finished the dishes, Lucilla left a note for Gary that she was going to take a trip and may be gone for a few days, and not to worry. She then went to her bedroom and packed a bag with items she might need for a short trip.
“I am going to be out of touch for a few minutes in the bathroom, are you going to be alright?” she asked.
“Yes Lucilla. I find this all fascinating. If we are responsible for all that you say there is much good and beauty in the world.”
“There is indeed.”
Lucilla showered and returned to the bedroom with toiletries she would need for the trip in hand, adding them to her bag. She slipped into her clothes, black Capri pants, red tunic and black sandals before walking back into the living room to find Marcus expressing shock.
“They,” he said, pointing to the television screen, “they just showed an image of Coventina, I am sure it was her.”
“What?” she said, sitting down next to him on the couch, turning up the volume on the television. It was tuned back to CNN where they were interviewing a woman who was spearheading an agency that deals in human trafficking.
“They showed images, of women, who are missing, taken,” Marcus said. “I am certain one of them was Coventina, unless she has a twin.”
“Are you sure?”
“It is a unique and beautiful face. I would stake my life on it. Lucilla they spoke of slavery, sex slavery.”
“We better get back to Inquilina,” Lucilla said, noting the time the bit aired and the names of the woman who was being interviewed and her interviewer.
She returned from the bedroom carrying her bag.
“Here, allow me,” Marcus said, taking the bag from her.
“Thank you.”
Lucilla stopped for four lattes at Starbucks before heading back towards Makanda, calling Denise to inform her of what Marcus claimed he saw.



12
Coventina

Denise answered the door wearing a dark green tank top with a red star on it and red shorts.
“Intrare,” she said.
“Lattes, how sweet of you, and four of them,” Layla said.
“Yes,” Lucilla laughed.
“Marcus, what do you think of your first latte?” Layla asked.
“It is a taste I could easily get used to.”
“Please have a seat and tell us what you saw?” Denise said.
Marcus told them that he saw the face of Coventina move by on the screen when the woman was speaking about what happens to these women. “I am certain it was her face, the face you have in your barn.”
Denise’s iPhone rang. “Hello.”
“Hello, I am trying to reach Denise,” the woman’s voice said.
“I am Denise.”
“Denise, this is Judith Raphael. I received a message to call you, something about the spot we did on CNN.”
“Yes, and thank you for getting back so fast. One of my colleagues was watching the spot and is convinced that he knows one of the women whose image scrolled across the screen during your presentation.”
“Oh my, I am sorry if it upset them.”
“The nature of the horrific low-life business you battle to end is indeed upsetting. Is there any way we could get a copy of the images you used in the presentation?”
“Of course. Provide me with your email, but they will also be up on our website later today with a video of today’s interview.”
They exchanged email addresses and phone numbers. “Well darlings, we have little to do but wait for those images. What time is it?”
“Nearly one o’clock,” Layla said.
“I’ll be right back,” Denise said. She walked out to the barn and returned with the head of Coventina she had been sculpting.
“That is the face I saw,” Marcus said.
“Okay Marcus, thank you.”
Marcus marveled at the Internet as he watched Layla zipping through one Google search after another.
“Marcus.”
“Yes Layla.”
“Can you tell me about your friends, upstairs?”
“I will try to answer any questions you have.”
“What can we expect today?”
“They are peaceful beings. Their appearance takes a little getting used to. They do not speak, although they do have mouths and are capable of speech. They communicate here,” he said, tapping the side of his head.
“You simply reply with your thoughts?”
“Yes, or verbally.”
“Were you ever given a reason for your abduction?”
“No. It is hard to grasp, especially since returning here. So little time passed for us and so much time has passed here. It has been like a dream.”
“You have seen their world?”
“Yes.”
“And, would you choose to return or stay here after seeing it?”
“It is a paradise, truly, beautiful beyond words, but I say that from a perspective prior to returning home,” he smiled, turning to look at Lucilla who was listening intently. “At this point I cannot say what I will choose, but it is a beautiful world.”
“Fair enough,” Layla smiled.
A soft gong chimed on Denise’s computer. She opened her email program to find an email from Judith Raphael with a link to her site where she found a copy of the video that Marcus saw earlier. She muted the sound and watched the video before showing it to the others. Midway through the video she got butterflies in her stomach as she watched the face of Coventina scroll across the screen. She backed the video up and froze it on the screen when her image could be viewed at it’s clearest and created a screen shot of it. She then replied to Judith with the screen shot attached, before forwarding the original email from her to Layla and Lucilla. “I’ve just sent you a link to the video Marcus saw earlier. Please watch it on your puter dear, I’m in the middle of something.”
“Of course,” Layla grinned.
Denise listened to the sound from Layla’s computer as she watched the video on her system. The image of the woman on the screen was definitely the image of the face she sculpted. “Marcus, can you communicate with your fellow legionnaires?”
“Yes, but I must go through,” he said, pointing his finger up.
“Well I’m thirsty. Would anyone else like some iced tea?” Denise asked after closing her MacBook, heading towards the kitchen.
“You must have read my mind,” Layla giggled.
Behave.
As Denise filled four glasses with tea, she noticed Lucilla’s hand resting on Marcus’ shoulder as he marveled at the technology on Layla’s lap. She replayed the tape feeling blank, trying to imagine the task they had at hand.
“Here you are,” Denise said, handing each of them a glass of tea.”
“Thank you,” Lucilla and Marcus smiled.
“Thank you Inquilina,” Layla sighed.
What’s wrong, Denise asked.
Oh nothing, just wondering what lies ahead, how to proceed, and I am always wondering about THEIR friends waiting upstairs.
Don’t stress. I’m going to need you at your best in a little bit.
Yes Commander, Layla giggled.
Love it when you’re being a brat.
Denise returned to her MacBook to find another email, this one again from Judith Raphael.

Denise. The image of the woman you sent back to us belongs to a native of the United Kingdom. Her family reported her missing along with a cousin that was with her when they disappeared while on a trip to Rome five days ago. Her name is Coventina; her cousin’s name is Anna. The family resides just outside of York in the U.K. They welcome hearing from you or anyone else who may be able to help them find their loved ones. Their contact information is listed below. Let me know if I can be of any further assistance to you. Good luck. – Judith

Her name is Coventina.
Okay, Layla said.
“I’ve just received information on the missing girl in the video,” Denise said. “She disappeared five days ago, as did her cousin Anna while on a visit to Rome. I have contact information on her family. They live outside York in the U.K. Her name is Coventina.”
Everyone’s face took on a serious expression. Marcus’ eyes seemed to wander for a moment before he spoke. “They are here, and ready to receive us when you are ready.”
“We’ll be ready in a few minutes,” Denise said.
“Yes, we must go pack before we meet your friends,” Layla said.
“And Marcus. Let them know we must take our chariot with us now,” Denise shouted from the bedroom.



13
Friends

They appeared to be standing on air next to the black Mustang until the floor materialized under them in some part of the ‘Ship of Friends’ as Denise labeled it. Layla, perhaps due to her more suspicious nature, did not sign on to the label just yet. There was a low pitched hum, very subtle, which seemed to be emanating from everything around them.
“Would you say we were just beamed up?” Denise grinned.
“Well, it was a beam, and we did go up, so yeah, I guess we were,” Layla said, looking very serious.
“Follow me, please,” Marcus said, offering his hand to Lucilla. They followed him through a series of doors that emitted a short higher pitched hum when they opened to allow them to pass through, and closed behind them. Each room they passed through was brightly lit with a subtle orange hue. The last room Marcus led them to was circular and large, with an array of white seating that ran along most of it recessed a few feet from the walls. Marcus appeared to be receiving instructions by his look and demeanor.
I would feel much better if we could see what’s happening outside, Layla said.
Agreed, Denise thought.
“Please, have a seat,” Marcus said. As soon as they were all seated, a section of the wall opposite from where they were sitting seemed to vanish affording a view outside the ship. They appeared to be traveling over water.
“Well, if it’s not Lake Michigan we made it to the ocean quickly,” Layla said.
“Would you care for some refreshments? Our hosts will be with us shortly,” Marcus said.
“No, thank you,” Denise said. Layla declined as well, but Lucilla accepted the offer with a smile.
Marcus walked through the door they all came through, returning after a few minutes with two tall glasses filled with a green beverage. “I have to confess,” he said, “I’ve never been able to pronounce what our hosts call this beverage. Quintus called it Dulcis and it stuck.”
“It is delicious,” Lucilla smiled.
The same door Marcus came through opened and three beings entered the space. They seemed to float when they moved, appearing fluid and graceful. They were slightly taller than the height of the average human, with thin long faces that wore expressions one could only read as friendly and compassionate, small mouths that stayed closed, larger than but very human looking eyes, with a hint of a nose sporting long thin nostrils. Since they were covered in a type of cloak with hoods one could not tell if they had hair on their heads. Their pale skin color seemed to glow when they moved. They finally came to rest on a section of the seating across from where everyone else was seated.
Welcome, the three said.
Denise, Layla and Lucilla took turns greeting them in return.
I am certain you have many questions.
Denise could tell who was communicating even though they did not speak. Just a few.
As do I, Layla said.
Marcus, would you be so kind as to take Lucilla on a tour of the ship?
“Of course. Come,” Marcus said, taking Lucilla by the hand. “You are not going to believe some of what you are about to see on this tour.”
“Really?” Lucilla said cautiously before glancing over Denise and Layla.
“It’s ok, do not be afraid.”
She stood up and followed Marcus through the door.
If you need us just think it, Layla said.
Wow. That was different indeed. Thank you Layla.
We were uncertain if you wanted to expose your past dealings with beings from other than your world in their presence.
Thank you, Denise said.
Why? Why did you take these men with you so long ago? Layla asked.
Play nice sweetie, Denise said.
Always, Layla said.
Countless beings have been visiting your world since the dawn of your species, the being sitting on the right said.
You have us at a disadvantage. Do you have names? Denise said.
Of course. I am Aya, this is Mys and An, the being sitting in the middle said.
Thank you, Layla said.
Why? At the time we were disturbed at the ease with which your species destroys life, even it’s own, and not only destroys it but does so in seemingly unimaginable gruesome fashion. These six warriors were taken simply to study. Had we not, they would never have survived the horrors that awaited them.
It was in part a compassionate decision? Denise asked.
Yes.
So, you have brought them back for a short period of time in hopes of finding mates to take back to your world if they so decide? Layla asked.
The choice is theirs. They may remain here if they choose. The world they would be returning to if they so decide, is not our world but a neighboring planet. The timing of it all is because of Quintus. He was the only one of the six that was in love with someone when they were saved. The woman he was in love with is back, here, now.
And in the hands of some of the lowest forms of our species no doubt. Layla said. Can you help us locate Coventina?
With your help I believe we can and will, Mys said.
You are aware of how we are different from other members of our species? Denise asked.
Yes. You have nothing to fear from us, Aya said, looking directly at Layla when she did.
Thank you for that, Layla said.
How were you able to find us at all, in hopes of helping you? Denise said.
Let me guess on this one, our friends on the Tyrine? Layla asked.
Very good Layla. Yes, but only by accident. We were lead to each of you in our search. In a way, your reputation for much good preceded our contacting you, Aya said.
Theirs was a magnificent presence and one that is greatly missed by both of us, Denise said.
We have arrived at your destination, An said.
How can we contact you if we need to? Layla said.
As you are now. As you contacted your friends on the Tyrine. We will be at your disposal if needed but I must forewarn you. We shall harm no form of life if our aid is needed. Aya said.
That is understandable, and welcome actually, Denise smiled.
The door opened and Marcus walked in with Layla. “Here, you simply MUST try this,” she said, handing Denise and Layla each a glass of Dulcis.
“It’s quite delicious,” Denise said.
“Yummy,” Layla grinned. “What do you call this beverage?”
Kanai, but we have come to like Dulcis, Mys said, his face appearing to brighten when he answered.
They all prepared to leave and headed to where the Mustang was. Where are you from? Denise asked.
I shall show you the next time you visit. If you were to travel far past the home of your friends on the Tyrine, that is where our home is, Aya said.
Thank you.
Thank you, and good luck.
Good luck, yes, I have a feeling we are going to need much of that, Denise smiled.



14
Eboracum

Flying slowly over Bishopthorpe Road, the Mustang, in stealth mode, was gently deposited with its four occupants.
“Think you can handle driving on the wrong side of the road?” Denise grinned.
“Piece of cake. Did you know that the first long distance automobile driver in the world was a woman?” Layla said.
“I did not know that.”
“Yep. Bertha Benz. You can guess where it led with that last name.”
“I like my Mustang,” Denise laughed.
“Me too.”
Layla took the Mustang out of stealth and headed up Bishopgate Road to a rendezvous with Quintus and the others by the wall their legion started so long ago. Marcus stared out the window marveling at how much everything had changed since he was last there. At times the road would bring them right next to the incredibly impressive wall.
“Marcus.”
“Yes Denise.”
“How did you do it? How did you build such incredible things in between fighting battles?”
“That wall was not built by Rome, it is not Roman construction,” Marcus said.
“Most of these walls were built after Roman rule,” Lucilla said. “There are small sections, and base construction of several towers that are Roman construction. The towers were built nearly one hundred years after Marcus and his companions disappeared.”
“Thank you Lucilla,” Denise smiled. “Are you comfortable back there?”
“Quite.”
“We were always kept busy when not fighting battles. We worked with pride and the knowledge that what we built would help us survive, help improve our lives and the lives of those who allied themselves with us,” Marcus said.
“Is that a parking spot?” Layla asked.
“Yes, I think it is,” Denise said. You know we can park just about anywhere and hide her.
“Come on, I see them up there,” Layla said.
She parked the car and they walked up to where Quintus and the others were waiting.
Darkness was falling on the city when Denise spoke. “Quintus,” she said, handing copies of the images of Coventina to him.
“Inquilina, you have found her?” Quintus said.
“Well, no actually, Marcus did.”
“Marcus, how?” he said, smiling as he spoke.
Denise motioned to Marcus to allow her to explain. “Marcus saw her on a television, in a news report. Quintus, she has been kidnapped, abducted, along with her cousin Anna while on or en route to a vacation in Rome.”
“Ki, kidnapped? By whom? For a what reason?”
“Quintus, in this day and age, very low forms of human life, perhaps the lowest criminals of all, kidnap or trick women into sexual slavery. It is believed that Coventina and Anna were abducted in Rome by this type of criminal.”
Quintus fell back against the wall they were standing by. “Inquilina, I.”
“There is a ray of hope Quintus. We know where her family lives. Layla and I will visit them tomorrow morning to gather as much information that we can to help us find her. The other ray of hope you have is Layla and myself, for we are not your average human beings.”
“May I accompany you in the morning, to meet with her family?”
What do you think? Denise asked.
He is crushed; I sense it, so of course, Layla said.
“Of course,” Denise said.
“Well, we can’t very well stay out here all night can we?” Layla said.
“No, that is why I have already taken the liberty to rent us rooms at the Hilton just across the river,” Denise said. “Before we head over there I have something for all of you.” She handed each of the six legionnaires an envelope full of one hundred dollar bills. The envelope she handed Lucilla was larger and held much more cash. “When we get to Italy, you are going to need a ride, so make arrangements for one large enough for yourself and the others. If our vehicle were large enough it would not be necessary. In addition, Layla and I are going to be very busy.”
“Thank you Denise,” Layla smiled.
“Well, I hope it is as easy to hail a taxi here as it is in Chicago,” Denise said.
They headed down the hill where they only had to wait a few minutes before a taxi stopped to pick them up. Lucilla accompanied the legionnaires, Layla and Denise following in the Mustang.
“So, what sort of sleeping arrangement do we have tonight?” Layla asked.
“A family room for the legionnaires, a single room for us, and a single room for Lucilla and Marcus.”
“Really? You are sure she will approve?”
“She already has,” Denise smiled.
“What is this that Inquilina gave to each of us?” Venutius asked.
“It is the current form of currency that you will use to buy things, as you did with coins,” Lucilla said. She noticed the driver glancing at her in the rear view mirror and wondered if he spoke Latin.
“Will we be able to tour the city tomorrow?” Petilius asked.
“That is my plan, to return to the site of the original fortress built by Roman legions so long ago,” she said, putting her finger over her mouth and moved her head from side to side signaling for them to not speak about who they actually were.”
“I anxiously await a new day then,” Petilius smiled.
The taxi pulled up in front of the hotel with the Mustang behind them. Layla waited in the car until Denise found out about parking. The others followed her inside.
The hotel was a magnificent modern space inside a building whose exterior had a medieval flair. Lucilla accompanied Quintus and the others to their room and helped them settle in before heading to her room with Marcus.
“Well honey, this is going to be one hell of a strange trip,” Layla said, walking back to the hotel after parking the Mustang.
“Yeah. I don’t know where to begin,” Denise said.
“Tomorrow may change all of that.”
“We shall see.”



15
Heworth

Denise gazed out the hotel restaurant window at Cliffords Tower, the remnants of a fortress complex from the Middle Ages that had been repeatedly sacked by invaders and sighed before speaking. “I often imagine where humanity would be as a species had it chosen a different path eons ago?”
“A path other than?” Layla asked before taking another sip of her coffee.
“Greed. I think greed has been the cause of most of humanity’s crimes and atrocities over the ages. Oh sure, humans have found other reasons to hate and kill each other, but greed I believe is the root cause of most of it. Imagine how different things would be had we not evolved placing such great value on something like a metal, gold for instance? Imagine if, from the beginning, we worked for each other rather than trying to conquer or destroy one another?”
“Quintus, did members of your legion ever question why you were sent off to war, to conquer and occupy other countries?” Layla asked.
“Often. After years of war, I simply could not hate those who fought us any more. After meeting and falling in love with Coventina I planned on retiring from the legion.”
“And what would you say was the root cause of Rome’s constant expansion and seemingly endless wars to acquire more?” Denise asked.
“I believe it is the reason you have put forth. When we were at the height of our glory, the world was a monstrous place of constant danger. Rome brought order to many places it needed to forcibly conquer. Had we not expanded our empire, we would have come under constant attack from many different peoples.”
“Better to fight them on their turf hey?” Layla said.
“Yes, that is one way of looking at it.”
“But did warring and conquering so many different people actually make them hate you more?” Denise asked.
“Undoubtedly some did, but many welcomed the order of Rome, the way their lives improved when we arrived, that is when we were not killing each other a least.”
Their breakfast was delivered, French toast for Denise and Layla and a full English breakfast for Quintus.
“So, what do you think of coffee?” Denise smiled.
“It seems a perfect beverage with which to start the day,” Quintus said.
Throughout breakfast, they answered questions asked of each other. By the time they were ready to leave, Layla had quite a different opinion of Quintus, one that she welcomed. He was a man who experienced the absolute worst humanity was capable of sinking to, yet he was a loving being who divorced himself from it all in exchange for love and hopefully peace.
“Well, we should get started,” Denise said, summoning the waitress for the bill.
“Yes, I have a funny feeling that after today we are not going to be in the U.K. very long,” Layla said.
They paid the bill, left a hefty tip, made it out to the Mustang and headed for Heworth where Coventina’s family lived. It was a gorgeous morning that promised to remain sunny throughout the day.
Layla piloted the Mustang around and through much of York heading to their destination.
“Inquilina.”
“Please Quintus, call me Denise.”
“Denise.”
“Yes?”
“When you mentioned the two of you as a ray of hope, as being other than average human beings, what did you mean? Are you from another world as well?”
“No, but it was beings from another world who brought out that which we had in us.”
“What were they like?”
“They were very human, and obviously not human. They were what I wished humans had evolved into actually.”
“How did you come to meet them? Were you taken?”
“They approached us for help because they knew what powers we had within that would manifest themselves and they could help us to control.”
“Why did they approach you?”
“Two members of their crew were abducted. We helped them find them.”
“Were you successful?”
“Yes we were.”
Layla thought she saw a tear roll down Quintus’ cheek when she glanced up at the rear view mirror. “Hey, it can’t be much further at all,” she said.
“It should be up on the right, there. That’s it,” Denise said.
Layla turned into the driveway and past two light poles that had large yellow ribbons attached to them.
“Remember Quintus, you are an investigator from Italy, just in case they speak Latin or Italian,” Denise said.
“I will remain silent Denise.”
They exited the car and made their way to the front door where Layla rang the bell.
A blonde middle-aged woman opened the door. She had the appearance one might expect of a person who’d recently been put through hell.
“Esther?” Denise said.
“Yes.”
“I am Denise, we spoke on the phone.”
“Of course, won’t you please come in?”
“This is Layla, a dear friend of mine and Quintus, who speaks little to no English. He is an investigator from Italy.”
“Please be seated. Can I get you something, tea perhaps?”
“No thank you, we’re good. We just had breakfast. Can you tell us all that you know?”
Esther stood up and walked over to a cabinet, returning with a paper portfolio containing a large stack of papers in her hand. “My son James put this together for you. It gives you a physical copy to take with you of all we know, complete with their travel itinerary, recent images of her and Anna,” she said, weeping when she returned to her seat.
Denise handed the packet to Layla who leafed through it. “So this was simply a vacation, to Rome only?” Layla asked.
“Yes. Coventina and Anna are both artists. They were traveling there to see some of the world’s grandest art first hand. In addition, in a way, it was a return to a home away from home. She had traced our roots back to pre-Roman times and found that undoubtedly we had Roman ancestors.”
Layla could see that Quintus was becoming very curious about the conversation, especially when he heard Esther mention Rome and Romans. Quintus, she is telling us that Coventina traced her ancestry back to pre-Roman days and that this family definitely has Roman ancestors.
Layla, you communicate as our friends upstairs do. Thank you.
“When was the last time you spoke with her?” Layla asked.
“They called from Rome airport to let us know they made it there safely,” Esther said quietly.
“Nothing after that?” Denise asked.
“No.”
“How did you come to believe that she was abducted?” Layla asked.
“Police found their suitcases and one of their telephones on a street in Rome. Actually they said some honest citizen found them and turned them in to a police station.”
“Do you have any contacts in Italy who have been working on this?” Denise said.
“James put everything in that packet.”
“May we see her room?” Layla asked.
“Of course. This way please.”
They were greeted by a painting on the wall when they entered the bedroom.
“Did she paint this?” Denise asked.
“Yes. It is a self portrait in oils,” Esther said. “She can speak Italian fluently.”
Perhaps it will give her an edge, if her abductors are Italian or are speaking Italian. Layla said.
If.
“Do you have something of her’s that has not been laundered, something she wore or bed linens?” Layla asked.
“Yes. I have not laundered anything since she left. Here. I am certain she wore this the day she was here packing for her trip,” Esther said, handing Layla a long deep red V-neck t-shirt.
“May I take it with us?” Denise asked.
“Yes, of course. Help yourself to anything that might help.”
Layla pulled a sheet off the bed and gently wrapped the folded t-shirt in it.
“Esther, did Coventina ever show evidence of an interest in the occult?”
“No, not that I know of. She has always been able to finish my sentences when speaking if she chooses to. She jokingly used to say she was a witch when I asked her how she was able to do that.”
“Thank you.”
Are you thinking what I’m thinking?
I am if you are. Layla said.
What are you thinking? Quintus asked.
That with any luck we might be able to communicate with her like this, Denise said.
Before leaving, they told Esther not to worry. “It just clutters your thinking and solves nothing,” Denise said.
“I’ll try, but it’s not easy.”
“I cannot promise you anything other than this. We will do everything in our power to try and find your loved ones. We’ve a personal reason to take a special interest in her disappearance.” Denise said.
“Special interest?” Esther sighed.
“Yes, very special indeed.”



16
Roman Column

Lucilla watched the Mustang approach and park a short distance from where they were standing. Marcus and the others stood around the Roman Column reminiscing. When Lucilla explained to them that their Roman York was beneath the street somewhere, most found it hard to believe.
“Where is Quintus?” Lucilla asked.
“He asked to be dropped off at the hotel, so we made sure he got to the room okay,” Layla said.
“Looks like all they need is a campfire and some wine,” Denise smiled, motioning to the legionnaires.
“Did you have any luck today?”
“Did not find out much more than we already knew, but the mother supplied us with all the information they have,” Layla said.
“We want to press on to Rome immediately. There is no need for the others to rush along with us,” Denise said.
“I think I had better stay with them for obvious reasons,” Lucilla smiled.
“Yes, well you do seem to have a calming effect on them. I can’t imagine what they are all thinking and feeling being back, especially back here,” Layla said.
“There is that, and the language barrier,” Denise grinned.
“I think I am genuinely smitten by Marcus,” Lucilla said.
“You might have some very important decisions to make in a few days then,” Denise said.
“Indeed.”
“How about the others? Any romantic nibbles today?” Layla asked.
“Well, they are all very attractive to and attracted by women, but all are anxious to get to Rome.”
“Quintus has already made arrangements with the friends upstairs to pick you all up and get you to Rome tomorrow. I take it you are okay traveling alone with them?” Denise said.
“Very much so. Marcus will not let anything happen to me,” Lucilla smiled. “How are you going to get there?”
“We’re driving,” Layla said.
“And flying,” Denise added. They proceeded to quickly fill Lucilla in about all they did for and with the members of the Tyrine.”
“Wow. I can understand now why these men were pointed in your direction,” Lucilla said.
“Have you enough cash?” Denise asked.
“More than enough, yes.”
“I will let you know where we are staying once there,” Denise said.
“So, it can actually fly?”
“Yes Lucilla, and I must admit, Layla is quite the pilot.”
“How long will it take you to get there?”
“Five minutes, five hours, whatever we desire,” Layla laughed.
“To think all of that was happening in Southern Illinois,” Lucilla laughed.
“I think Makanda is the center of our universe,” Denise said.
“Safe journey ladies.”
“If there is anything you need you know how to reach us,” Denise said.
Just think it? 
That, or phone, Layla laughed.
Or email, text, carrier pigeon, Denise smiled.
“I am so happy I met you. I must reward my roommate in Carbondale one day for bringing us together.”
“We’ll see you in Rome.”
“I can’t wait.”
“Oh yes, our room is still paid for until tomorrow if any of the boys need some privacy,” Layla said.
“You never know, thanks again.”
Denise and Layla returned to the Mustang and drove off, disappearing around a curve in the narrow street.
“Where is Quintus?” Marcus asked.
“Uhm, he had a rather sleepless night so he asked to be dropped off at the hotel to rest and make arrangements for our transportation tomorrow.”
“Where are we going?”
“Rome.”
“Rome? Really?”
“Yes. Now before we make our way back to the hotel I would like to take some pictures of all of you standing by that incredibly impressive column.”
“Is this good?” Marcus asked, standing in the middle with two men on each side.
“Yes, but some smiles would be nice,” Lucilla said.
“Men, guess where we are going tomorrow?” Marcus asked.
“Upstairs?” Lucius asked.
“Yes, but just for a ride to our destination.”
“And what might that be?” Venutius said.
“Rome.”
Lucilla’s shutter clicked recording images of five happy looking men.
“Rome,” she sighed quietly before walking over to the men to snap an image of her standing with them, in front of a twenty two foot tall Roman Column, over the very site they started their journey so very long ago.



17
Via Della Magliana

It was still daylight when the Mustang touched down on Via Delle Ildrovore Della Magliana. The clear graying sky above reached out to the orange sunset as Layla brought them out of stealth mode before they exited the car.
“Look at this place. This all happened in broad daylight and only one person saw their possessions being discarded?” Layla said.
“Apparently,” Denise said. “It was someone from that office building right over there.”
“They saw them get tossed here, into this weeded area?”
“So the story goes. The taxi, they said, looked full, with four passengers in the back seat. Two men and two women.”
“Then they had to stop somewhere along the way to pick up the other men by this point.”
“They picked them up right here on this off road,” Denise said.
“How can you be sure?”
“I’ve seen it happen. Once you touched down. The white taxi continued down this road after stopping quickly to dump their luggage. They must have thought no one would see them here because of those trees.”
“That, or they simply did not give a shit if they were seen. These are not going to be nice people if we ever catch up to them,” Layla said.
“If?”
“Okay, when we catch up to them.”
“That’s it, think positive.”
“Come on, let’s continue up this drive a ways before it gets dark,” Layla suggested.
“This is just an industrial looking area.”
“We may not speak the language, but it looks seedy and like a great area to avoid if you are a tourist, especially a woman,” Layla said.
“Wait, stop,” Denise said. “We don’t have much daylight remaining. Turn left here.”
Layla proceeded down a drive that was lined with covered fences that would block the view of anyone working in the buildings behind them.
“They changed vehicles here. They rushed them into a black mini van with dark windows. They were bound and gagged by this time,” Denise said.
“Shall I continue up this drive?” Layla asked, stopping the car.
“No, let’s get out of here and go find a hotel.”
Layla spun the Mustang around and headed back the way they came, and then out on the Via Della Magliana that would take them to an assortment of other roads leading to the heart of Rome.
“There are no roads straight to anything here,” Denise giggled. “It’s not like Carbondale or Chicago. Let’s stay at the Best Western President Hotel. It is closest to all the ancient sites. Give the lads an easy chance to mingle for mates.”
“Mingle for mates? Haaaaa.”
“Yes. You must admit this is beyond impressive.”
“Indeed it is. I am ready for some food and a nice hot shower,” Layla said.
“I say we book rooms for us and tomorrow’s guests. Park this baby. Put it in ‘If you try to steal me you got to be kidding’ mode, and take a taxi to eat.”
“Perfect. Maybe we’ll be lucky enough to get a driver who speaks English and knows where all the pimps and lowlifes hang out.”
“Now you’re talking,” Denise laughed.
They checked in to the Best Western Hotel, reserving rooms with the same configuration they had in York. “If any of them finds a nice girl they want to, you know, have some privacy with, we’ll get them their own room,” Denise said.
“Honey. They were warriors. Conquerors. Raping and pillaging was something they refined to an art form,” Layla laughed. “I’m pretty sure they might not care about getting it on in from of buddies after not having a woman for so long.”
“I never thought about it that way. Come on. The parking lot is not in this building.”
They parked the Mustang in the lot and set the security system on it nearly to maximum.
“Okay, you hail a taxi for us,” Layla said.
“You mean cause I am like from a big city?”
“I’ve never taken a taxi.”
“Seriously? This is a first for you, and an first for you in Rome?”
“I’m kind of a hick,” Layla laughed.
Denise planted a kiss on her cheek. “I love hicks.”
“Hey, let’s be a couple of dudes for the ride.”
“Good idea.”
They activated the medallions allowing them to change their appearance that the crew of the Tyrine left with them. In an instant each of them was looking at a very handsome male with black hair.
“Whattaya say we go get us something to eat then go look for some whores?” Layla said.
Denise could not stop laughing. “Sounds good to me,” she managed to get out between laughs. She hailed a taxi and they got in.
“Just somewhere for some good pasta,” Denise said.
“There is a place near here. La Carbonara. Excellent food. Been here forever and they don’t try to rip off tourists,” the driver said.
“Sounds good,” Denise said.
“I heard it is easy to find a prostitute in Rome,” Layla said, cutting to the chase.
“Harry, prostitution is illegal, you know that,” Denise said.
“Yes Dick, I know but a guy can dream can’t he?” Layla smiled.
Dick. My name is Dick? Denise said.
Goes well with Harry don’t you think?
Harry Dick. Dear Goddess.
“Well we don’t have Attenzione Prostitute warning signs here in Rome, but every taxi driver knows where the prostitutes are.”
“You speak great English. What’s your name?” Denise asked.
“I am Paulo Dick,” he answered.
“Can you spin us by a few areas where they hang out before we go to eat?” Denise asked.
“If you wish. Many will be out now that it is dark.”
Before we eat? Layla sighed.
It’s just a spin.
Paulo drove them through a few areas where the streets were crowded with ladies of the night looking for business.
“It is painful to see the state that many of these women are in,” Paulo said.
“Yeah. Some of them look like they could kick my ass,” Layla laughed.
I doubt it.
“Where can you go find a woman off the street? Are there any brothels or upper crust bordellos?” Denise asked.
“Of course. Every major city in the world has them Dick.”
“You don’t have to show us but could you tell us where some of them are for another day?”
“We’ll make it worth your while,” Layla said, holding up a hundred dollar bill.
Paulo pulled over to the curb and opened his glove box for something to write on. “If you ask the women on the street they won’t tell you, they want your business and your money.” These are the six best bordellos in Rome. They are safe, to customers at least from what I have heard, but a few are apparently not nice to the women working there, all of whom are very attractive and appear to be from all over the world.”
“Could you put an X next to those please?” Denise said.
“Yes I can Dick, but they may not like clients getting rough with the girls.”
Layla rolled the window down for more fresh air. “What about those girls up ahead, are they working?”
“Harry, if you see a woman standing around and smiling or lifting her skirt or even dressed as they are, they are working. Be careful though when around the girls on the street.”
“Why is that?”
“The men who control them and exploit them for the money they earn is why. Many of them are ruthless, most not Italian at all but from assorted Eastern European shit holes.”
“I see.”
“Here you are Dick,” Paulo said, handing the list to Denise. “Have you seen enough gentlemen?”
“Yes Paulo, please take us to the restaurant if you would?” Denise said.
When they slowly passed the second group of women up the dark street, Layla watched as a man slapped one of the women so hard she fell to the ground. “Hey, leave her alone!” she shouted out the window. Paulo slowed the car nearly to a stop when he heard her shout thinking something was wrong. The man who struck the woman turned to see who shouted. He took a pistol out of his coat pocket and began speaking to her loudly in Italian.
“What the hell is that guy saying?” Layla asked.
“He is saying to mind your own fucking business or he will blow your nose off,” Paulo said. “We should leave.”
“Okay Paulo, to the restaurant,” Layla said. As he pulled away Layla put her arm out the window and sent the man flying into a parked car with such force he collapsed on the ground moaning in pain.
Blow my nose off hey?
Let’s go eat a good dinner. I have a feeling you are going to see a lot of faces belonging to assholes you want to smash before this is over.
Paulo dropped them off on Via Panisperna. “Thank you for everything Paulo,” Denise said, handing him a hundred dollar bill.
“Gracie Dick. Enjoy your dinner. Enjoy your stay in Rome.”
“We will, thank you.”
The place did not look like a restaurant from the outside. The inside however embraced them with the luscious smell of Italian food. Before they went inside they changed back to themselves. They were directed to a table for two along the wall. They kept it simple and ordered spaghetti with meatballs.
Denise discovered that she could make out many words being spoken in Italian after her newly acquired knowledge of Latin.
“I’m stuffed now. This food is amazing,” Layla said.
“Ladies, would you care for dessert?” the waitress asked.
“If we only had room after this amazing meal. Tell me, is it easy to get a taxi once we leave?” Denise said.
“If you are ready to leave we will call one for you. They get here quickly.”
“Would you please, we are ready for the check?”
Once again Denise left a generous tip and they stepped outside to find a taxi waiting.
“Straight to the Best Western President Hotel please,” Layla said.
The driver could barely speak English. Denise decided to try something as they zipped through the dark streets back to the hotel. “Quid tempestates ponatur in crastinum?”
“Qual è il tempo dovrebbe essere come domain? Wuesto é meglio Italiano,” the driver smiled.
“You understood what I said. Did you study Latin or did you just know being Italian?”
“Si, I have study Latin. Much Romans have study Latin. But, to speak Italian you can figure out mostly,” he said.
“Gracie.”
The taxi came to a quick stop in front of the hotel. Denise paid adding a nice tip and they made it up to their room.
“Did you notice if the shower was big enough for two?” Denise asked when they were on the elevator.
“Does it matter?” Layla grinned.
In the morning they still felt full from the late dinner and made their way to a nearby McDonald’s for a few Café Mocha’s. “I was unaware it would be impossible to find a Starbucks in Italy,” Denise said.
“I bet they have their own pretty good coffee places wouldn’t you think?”
“I can’t think yet. I need coffee,” Denise squinted.
“Oh baby do you ever.”
Drinks in hand, Denise directed Layla back to the scene of the crime, in hopes of seeing the person who watched as the suitcases were tossed.
“Think we’ll have any luck?” Layla asked.
“Oh yeah. We will get an interview.”
The Mustang pulled up in the driveway to PPL Worldwide, stopped at the gate and waited.
“Push the button, time’s a wasting,” Denise said.
Layla pushed the button. The woman’s voice spoke Italian. “Possum adiuvare vos?”
“Hello, does anyone speak English?” Denise said, leaning towards the driver window.
“You can rest your head on my shoulder if you like,” Layla whispered.
“Yes. Can I help you?”
“We would like to see Raphaela Strutto please?”
“Proceed through the gate. Someone will meet you at the large doors.”
“Gracie.” Layla said.
The thick gate opened and Layla drove back to the large doors as instructed.
The door opened and a security guard walked over to the car. “You will excuse us for taking these precautions, but we had some men create a disturbance two days ago trying to get in. They too wanted to speak with Raphaela,” he said. “May I see some identification please?”
They showed him their passports. “We are here on behalf of friends whose family members were abducted. Raphaela reported what she saw that led to the acquisition of their belongings. We were hoping to ask her a few questions,” Denise said.
“Please park your vehicle against that wall and follow me.”
“Did anyone get a look at the men who caused the disturbance the other day,” Layla asked as they walked through the modern lobby past the receptionist to an area with some comfortable seating.
“Yes, and we have images of them on the security tape. When you come to our gate there is a tiny hidden camera in the unit that is activated when you push the button.”
“Might we be able to get a copy of those to take with us?” Denise asked.
“I will arrange it.”
“Have the police received those images as well?”
“Yes. Please make yourselves comfortable. Raphaela will be right down.”
“Gracie.”
“What does Raphaela mean?” Denise asked.
“God heals,” Layla said.
A woman with shoulder length black hair stepped off the elevator. “Hello, I am Raphaela,” she said.
“Denise, and my friend Layla. Is it okay to talk here?”
“Yes. I don’t have much to tell actually.”
“Why not just tell us what you saw,” Layla said.
“I was standing at the window in my office on the top floor. A white taxi pulled up just past the clearing beyond the trees on our side of the road. The driver jumped out and walked quickly to the trunk, opened it, and threw two suitcases into the bushes before quickly getting back in the car and speeding off.”
“You mentioned something about being able to make out who was in the back seat?” Layla said.
“Yes. There were clearly two young women struggling in the back seat with a male on each side of them. One of them turned her head so far as they were speeding away I could see her face. The look on her face is something I cannot stop in my mind.”
“Could this be the woman you saw turn her head in that back seat?” Denise said.
“I would say there is a high probability that the woman in this photo and the one in the back seat of that taxi are the same person.”
“Raphaela, the security guard told us about some men that were not let in who were here a few days ago wanting to speak to you. Can you tell us anything about that?”
“I was not at work the day they were here. I have been told they were not Italian, and that they were rude, and seemed very angry.”
“You realize there is a good possibility that they are the same men who were in that taxi don’t you?”
“I have thought of that. I do not know how they would have gotten my name or even know anyone reported what they saw that allowed the police to claim the possessions of those two women.”
“I can imagine,” Layla said. “Please do not take this personal, but I believe these two women were abducted into the sex slavery trade. The only people who knew of your report were you and anyone you might have told here or out of work, and the police. The research I have done of sex slavery abductions in Italy is that they happen a lot, and that quite often the police know these low life’s who do this, that they are on their payroll to look the other way and allow it to continue.”
“I have thought about this. How else could they have gotten my name?”
“Is there somewhere you can stay other than where you normally do?” Layla asked.
“I already have. I live alone. When I heard that these men were here looking for me I arranged to stay with a friend.”
“Do not travel alone for a little while,” Layla said.
“The security guard drives me home and stops up to make sure no one is there waiting.”
“How do you get to work?”
“He picks me up. I think he likes me,” she blushed.
“Good.” Layla said.
“Ah, here is my bodyguard now,” Raphaela said, motioning to the opening elevator door.
“Here you are, as promised. They are not the best images but not that bad either,” he said, handing Layla an envelope with four images of the men who showed up at the gate days before.
“Thank you. Raphaela, this is a number you can reach us at if you think of anything else, or if you need help with anything,” Denise said.
“Thank you.”
“Don’t hesitate to call us if you need help with anything,” Layla said.
“I will, thank you again.”
“You are a brave woman Raphaela. Thank you for all your help,” Denise smiled.
The guard escorted them out to the Mustang. “Here you are,” Denise said, handing him an envelope with some cash in it. “Take yourself and Raphaela to dinner or something.”
“Gracie.”
“What’s your name?” Layla asked.
“Giacomo Tomasino.”
“Thanks for everything Giacomo.”
“Good luck.”
“Thank you.”
As they drove back to Rome, Denise opened the envelope and looked at the photographs. When she got to the third image and looked at the face of the man sitting in the passenger seat, she saw an image of Coventina, perhaps still in the clothing she wore for the trip, bound and gagged and looking up at someone terrified before the first blow hit her across the face.
“Receiving, again?”
“I am going to tell Lucilla to inform Quintus and the others to bring weapons,” Denise said as she dialed Lucilla’s number.



18
Palatium

Lucilla and the legionnaires were deposited near the ruins of the Stadium of Domitian on Palatine Hill. Surprisingly there was not a tourist to be seen where they landed at two in the afternoon Rome time. Lucilla could see the shock and disbelief on the faces of the six men, feeling Marcus’ grip on her hand tighten briefly.
“This is all that is left, ruins?” Marcus asked.
“We are standing atop the Palatium,” Lucilla said. “Nearly 2000 years have changed the buildings and monuments that you built, but this is by no means all that is left of Rome.”
“All that man makes crumbles over time,” Quintus said. “We might never have gotten this close to the splendor that was Palatium when we were last here. We were not royalty or members of the Praetorian Guard.”
“No we were not. We simply made this all possible,” Venutius said.
“Yes, you all did,” Lucilla smiled.
Denise and Layla appeared from behind the ruin of a wall. “Grata Romae,” Denise said.
“Gratias agimus tibi,” Lucilla said.
“Do you want to take in the sites and make it to the hotel later?” Denise asked.
“They appear to be somewhat overwhelmed with the emotion of nothing but ruins left of their empire, well the physical empire anyway. I will ask.”
“We are staying here,” Layla said, handing Lucilla the name and address to the hotel.
“You know, this entire area is fenced in from the street level. I’m not sure we are even supposed to be up here,” Denise said.
“It does look somewhat deserted. How do we get down?”
“Follow us. There is a spot near where we are parked where you can climb down and over the fence easily.”
They all followed Layla back to Via Dei Cerchi where the Mustang was parked. Layla was the first to land back on the sidewalk to passersby looking astonished as Denise followed, then Marcus and Quintus who helped Lucilla get down. They were then followed by the remaining legionnaires. When Petilius made it to the sidewalk a police car pulled up.
“What do you think you are doing up there? That is a restricted area,” one of the policemen asked in Italian.
Marcus moved to stand next to Lucilla, the other legionnaires forming a line in front of them.
“Apologies, we did not know no one was allowed to see those ruins,” Lucilla replied.
“What is this, your body guard? Step aside and let the woman talk,” the officer said.
“Etiam purus. At ego illud,” Denise said to the legionnaires.
“Do you speak English?” Denise asked.
“Ah, e Americani. Se le cifre.”
“I got the American part but what did he say exactly?” Denise said.
“It figures. They do not like American tourists apparently,” Layla said.
How would I say you don’t care about what we did, let us go and leave? Denise asked.
Wow. Non ti importa di quello che abbiamo fatto, andiamo a lasciare. Layla said.
Denise repeated the message in the mind of the irritated officer. He walked back to the car and they left.
“Interesting. Did you just do that?” Lucilla asked.
“Yes. English wasn’t working,” Denise laughed.
“Quintus, walk with us,” Denise said. He followed her and Layla back to the car.
“There is something we need you and your men for, but not until nightfall,” Layla said.
“Will we be going into battle Denise?”
“No, at least I hope not.”
“You may run into some men that need to be physically disciplined though,” Layla said. “I did.”
“Lucilla, we will meet you back at the hotel when you have finished taking some of this splendor in,” Denise said.
“Here, let us take your luggage, you don’t want to have to carry this around all day,” Layla said.
“Thank you Layla.”
“It is a beautiful day,” Denise smiled.
“It is indeed,” Lucilla said.
Denise and Layla got back in the Mustang and drove off.
“Well, since I am a tourist, let’s start with something I am sure you are familiar with,” Lucilla said. She hailed a taxi and they all piled in. “Colosseum please.”
The lines were too long to get in, so they walked around the outside of the arena remembering.
“Much of the destruction you see was natural, from massive earthquakes in the past,” Lucilla said.
“We were all in here at one time or another,” Marcus said. “Petilius was addicted to the games.”
“Did the games always involve blood and dying?” Lucilla asked, pausing to touch the outer façade.
“Yes,” Quintus said.
They continued up the Via Dei Fori Imperiali reminiscing. Lucilla marveled at some of the structures that were still very much in tact, clearly ancient ruins but still standing and clearly visible in their original splendor.
Hey, they are not carrying swords under those cloaks are they? Denise asked.
Ha. No. They are in the luggage.
If the laws in Italy are anything like the states they are not legal to carry.
Thank you Denise, Lucilla laughed.
“No matter where our travels take us, I am coming back here to see everything,” Lucilla said. “I can only imagine the splendor of it all 2,000 years ago.”
“It was magnificent. We must have seemed like visitors from another world to some of the people we conquered,” Marcus said. “Look.”
Lucilla turned to see Venutius and Odumnus communicating with two women.
“Perhaps they know Latin,” Lucilla smiled.
“Perhaps,” Marcus laughed.
When they had seen enough, they decided to make it to the hotel. Quintus seemed anxious to perhaps be put to good use in their search after speaking to Denise earlier.
Petilius hailed a taxi.
“Very good,” Lucilla giggled. “You are fitting into the 21st century well Petilius.”
He laughed as they all piled into the taxi and headed to the hotel.



19
Gladius

Lucius unsheathed his sword and tossed the scabbard onto the bed. His eyes moved from it to Layla sitting next to Venutius. “State of the art weaponry for the day, I must say,” she said.
“I am not sure what that means, but it saved my life and many others many times,” Lucius said.
“It looks heavy.”
Lucius motioned to Venutius and he offered his sword to Layla. “Careful, it is very sharp,” Venutius said.
Layla removed the blade from the scabbard, marveling at the craftsmanship.
“So, do you think it is heavy?” Lucius asked.
“Not at all. It is well balanced and seems just the right size for close battle.”
“Very good Layla. In the heat of a big battle, when you are in close, the last thing you want is a sword that is too long,” Venutius smiled.
“It seemed the perfect design for slashing and stabbing,” Lucius said.
“Did a shield hinder you?”
“Most of the time it kept you alive, but in the midst of a heated battle often they were tossed aside to be able to wield the sword freely. Usually by then you were able to obtain another sword from a fallen comrade and that made you even more dangerous,” Venutius said.
“You have the look of a warrior,” Lucius said.
“Thank you, I will take that as a compliment,” Layla said.
Lucius motioned for her to stand up. “Some basics.”
“Okay.” Layla stood up and stood within a few feet of Lucius.
“Watch me.” Lucius went through a few basic moves, describing them as he did.
“May we practice without my being run through?” Layla laughed.
Lucius motioned her towards him. “Attack me.”
Layla came at him as if practicing. He easily blocked each movement she made with the sword.
“You see what I am doing?” Lucius asked.
“I think I’m getting the hang of it.”
“Now, attack me as if the life of Inquilina was at stake.”
“Are you sure?”
“Yes.”
She looked back at Venutius who motioned for her to go after him wearing a smile on his face.
Layla turned from him and attacked Lucius who found it increasingly difficult to control the fight. They moved across the entire large room and over the bed, the sound of steel meeting steel. Venutius called it a draw, laughing loudly.
“You’ve used a sword before?” Lucius said.
“Sword, no. Sticks with my younger brother at home, yes.”
She turned towards Venutius to return his sword to him when he called out, “Layla, defend yourself.”
Instinctively, she created a force field around herself causing the sword in Lucius’ hand to harmlessly glance off of it.
“Are you a goddess?” Lucius asked.
“Anything but,” Layla said.
“Every legionnaire carries a scar from that lesson,” Venutius grinned, showing his on the upper left arm.
“And the lesson is?”
“Never turn your back on an enemy,” Lucius said.
“Good lesson.” She lowered her field. “I think a scar would be a good reminder to carry about this lesson.” She offered her left arm and pointed to where Lucius’ sword would have made contact. “Please.”
Lucius gave her a small wound on her upper arm, and then held his sword to his chest in a salute.
“That really cuts human flesh easily,” she said.
Venutius took the sword from Layla and returned it to its scabbard. “We should have had warrior women in our legions.”
“Some of us anyway,” she laughed.
The door to the room opened and Denise and Quintus entered. “Everything okay?” she asked, seeing the thin trickle of blood running down Layla’s arm.
“Oh yeah. We were just admiring these swords.”
“By using them on each other?” Denise laughed.
“It was a good lesson.”
Quintus took the men aside to fill them in on the plans Denise and Layla had for the evening.
“Where are the other’s?” Layla asked as they walked back to their room.
“On a date.”
“Oh baby.”
“Can’t imagine who is luckier, them or the girls they are with.”
“You have a first aid kit?” Layla asked.
“Thought it was a good idea to pack one ever since oh, Lubbock Texas,” Denise laughed.
“Lubbock.”
She cleaned and dressed Layla’s small wound. “Come on, we need to make our own preparations.”



20
Lupanar

Rather than search the streets where the risk was too high for the legionnaires getting into a violent confrontation with pimps or police, Denise decided to pay a visit to the brothels on Paulo’s list, reserving the two he placed an X next to for themselves. They equipped each of the men with photos of Coventina, her cousin Anna, and the frontal image of the man who was in the car that called on Raphaela.
“At least two of these brothels are different from the others. In most, you pay and go to the next available room regardless of which girl is in it waiting for you,” Denise said. “In the other two, you can pay a larger sum and be with any of the women as many times as you can last through the night. Quintus, I have reserved those two for you and your partner.” She handed him two envelopes with more cash to cover the cost.
“And the two you will go to?” Quintus asked.
“They may require our special talents,” Denise said.
“We shall each take separate transportation yes?” Lucius asked.
“Yes,” Layla said.
“Now, Lucilla will be staying here, at the hotel. These are not places for a woman like her. If any of you get into trouble and need our help, or if any of you think you have found Coventina or Anna, she has shown you how to use the phones each of you will carry to call her and let her know. It is important that you not involve the police whatever you do.”
They all made their way down the elevator and out the hotel doors to the street where a seemingly never-ending flow of taxis passed by. Denise and Layla made certain the driver of each taxi was clear on the destination of their two male passengers. “Good luck Quintus,” Layla said.
“Thank you.”
“Well, what’s it gonna be, Dick and Harry or something else?” Layla said.
“Let’s appear to be a couple of big bad motherfuckers they will think twice about messing with,” Denise laughed. “You first.”
As they walked down the street, Layla activated her medallion and suddenly Denise was next to a seventy-six inch hunk with blonde hair. “Too much?” she asked.
“Oh my, that body and that voice. You’ll need to adjust that but you look good Harry.”
Denise changed to a male her height with longer black hair. “Okay?”
“Good choice Dick. Let’s get a taxi.”
Quintus and Lucius were the first to arrive at their initial destination. Two large men stopped them at the door. Lucilla had taught them all a few phrases in Italian that should allow them entry. Quintus held up hundred dollar bills and asked how much it would cost for the works, the words of Lucilla telling them all to smile when speaking to any men.
“That is a bargain at $2000.00,” the shorter man said.
“For both?” Lucius asked.
“Each. $4000.00 for both, again, a real bargain.”
Quintus handed him an envelope full of hundred dollar bills and asked him to count it out.
“Look, you still have money for a taxi left,” the man said, handing the envelope back to Quintus with two bills in it.
They were led through the door. The first room behind it was dimly lit. All of the walls were painted red. The only bright light was at a small desk between both doors. Four men sat in chairs along the right wall. One of them led Quintus and Lucius through another doorway and up some stairs to a long hallway. “If you see that light on, someone is already in there,” the man said. “Since you paid for the works, as long as the light is off you can go into any of the rooms until you leave.”
“Thank you,” Lucius said. He knew Quintus very well, and could see the anger building up in him at the thought of someone he loves in the hands of these men.
They opened the first door to find a stranger inside, smiled and closed the door. “We cannot waste time if she is not here,” Quintus said.
“What about the lights that are on and what they said?” Lucius asked.
“We’ll do them last.”
They went through the rooms together only to find them occupied by women they did not know.
“Are you ready?” Quintus asked.
“Yes.”
In the first few rooms they looked in on, it was easy to see the woman in the room, the men being so preoccupied they did not even know someone was in the room with them. In the next room, an obese man seemed to be smothering the woman he was on top of. Quintus walked right up to him as Lucius pulled his head back to see the face of the woman. “You must wait until I am finished,” the man grunted. They simply walked out of the room.
Upon entering the next room a man was getting dressed and threw a punch at Quintus. It did not make contact as Lucius slammed him into the wall. The naked girl still lying on the bed laughed when he did. “She is just a child,” Lucius said.
“Come, let’s finish this,” Quintus said.
They went through the remaining rooms quickly. Coming out of the last one where the man inside was still screaming obscenities at them, Lucius ran into a large muscle bound man. “What in the fuck do you think you are up to, can’t you see the lights are on in this room?”
“Apologies,” Quintus said.
“Actually, we were just leaving,” Lucius said.
“No refunds.”
They simply turned and walked out the doors leading back out to the front of the building.
“Is there a problem?” one of the men outside asked.
“The women were not to our liking,” Lucius said before walking out to the street and hailing a taxi.
At another brothel, Marcus and Petilius had gotten to the point of forcing two of the rather large overseer males at sword point to allow them to see the women in every room. Neither Coventina nor Anna was to be found in any of them. Petilius tied the two men up in one of the women’s rooms before leaving. “Swords. They both had fucking swords. They were looking for someone, it was obvious, even though they did not say so,” one of the guards said when the others found them.
“You are a giant idiot. You have a mouth don’t you?” one of the other men said.
“You try shouting out when a sword in the hands of two men who looked like they were dying for any excuse to use them is sticking you in the back.”
“Fucking idiots.”
“I think it’s a good idea we decided to wait before going in,” Layla said.
“Yes, well we knew it wasn’t going to be easy,” Denise said.
“No luck at the brothel Marcus went to?”
“No. None at the first Quintus went to either.”
“Let’s wait. We have plenty of time left.”
“Agreed,” Denise said, sitting down on a stairway a block away from their first brothel visit.
“It is her,” Odumnus said.
“Are you certain,” Venutius asked. They had only been allowed a brief glance into a room that another customer walked into when they were walking down the hall in their brothel.
“Only one way to find out,” Odumnus grinned.
“I will take care of tiny,” Venutius said, walking towards a large male guard at the end of the hall as if to ask a question. In the blink of an eye his sword was out. He forced the guard into the back room where a woman was tied to the bed, knocking him out with the handle of the sword. The woman laughed before spitting towards the unconscious guard. “Come ti chiama,” he asked.
“Mi chimama Diana.”
“You are so beautiful,” he said in Latin. He cut her bonds and told her to stand up, cover herself in a sheet and wait by the door. She did not hesitate to do what he asked, even though she did not understand all the words.
Odumnus had his sword resting gently against the neck of the man who had just entered the room before him. “Anna. You are Anna?” he asked.
“Yes. Si. I am Anna,” she answered, tears streaming down her cheek.
“Is Coventina here?” he asked in Latin, using body language to help her understand.
“No. She is not here,” she cried.
“Come with me,” Venutius said, taking Diana by the hand and telling her to wait in the room with Anna.
“We will clear the way. Wait here until we come for you,” Odumnus said.
“Please do not leave us,” Anna said.
“We will not leave without you,” Venutius said.
A few moments after they left and walked back out into the outer room, the two women heard a scuffle and a gunshot. After what seemed like an eternity the door opened to reveal Odumnus. “Come with me quickly.”
“You are hurt,” Anna said.
“It is just a scratch, please, hurry.”
In the outer room lay four bloody dead men. “Try not to soil your feet with their blood,” Venutius smiled, reaching for Diana’s hand.
Once outside the building the two legionnaires and the two women quickly got into a waiting taxi and sped away.
“Denise, I have good news and some disturbing news,” Lucilla said.
“Lay it on us.”
“Venutius and Odumnus have found Anna.”
“That is fabulous. Coventina?”
“Anna said she was never brought there with her. They were separated shortly after being taken.”
“Ok, so is that the disturbing news?” Denise sighed.
“They left a bloody mess of dead bodies. It was necessary to free her and another.”
Layla looked at Denise and smiled. “I don’t find that news disturbing at all, do you?”
“Not really.”
“Denise.”
“Yes Lucilla.”
“I just heard from Quintus. They have had no luck at the second brothel.”
“Thank you Lucilla. Just get them all back to the hotel and do not call police. Don’t call anyone until we get there.”
“Okay Denise.”
“Honey, we don’t have time to play games. All of these fuckers are going to be on the alert for men wielding swords coming in through their door,” Layla said.
“I know Supergirl. You’re on.”
“Showtime.”



21
Lenonibus

The two men standing guard in front were unconscious before the door opened, Denise and Layla entering in stealth mode. The curious attendant inside stood up to walk towards the door to see why it opened yet no one entered. He did not make it halfway before he too was on the floor unconscious.
The two male attendants upstairs were at the end of the hall laughing about something. Start freeing them Supergirl. I have a few questions for these two. Denise said. They were unaware she was standing next to them as she planted the image in their minds of the man who was photographed trying to get to Raphaela. Who is this man? she asked. The two men looked at each other appearing somewhat confused. By all means, discuss it amongst yourselves.
“Boss right. That’s boss,” they agreed.
Who is boss?
“Boss is boss right? Yeah, he’s the boss,” the two men answered together.
Baby, some of these girls are not conscious, Layla said.
Lucilla.
Denise?
Yes. Wait ten minutes and place an emergency call for a few ambulances to come to this address, Denise said.
Are you okay?
Yes, it is not for us.
One of these women is dead.
Lucilla is sending ambulances here in ten minutes.
More than enough time.
Just ignore those doors opening and the noises you hear, Denise said. Where is boss?
“Nobody knows where boss is,” the two men answered together again.
“Unless he shows up here, and that is usually not a pleasant visit.”
Have you seen this woman? Denise asked, planting the image of Coventina in their minds.
“Ah, English,” one of the men answered.
“Where?” the other asked.
“She was in the limo with boss yesterday, her and a tall fine American bitch.”
Why would they be in the limo? Where were they being taken? Denise asked, her blood reaching a boiling point.
“Not to this shit hole.”
“No, if you are dressed like they were and in the limo, boss has big bucks planned for you.”
What does that mean?
“It means they are probably being delivered to high priced customers.”
“Or it means she is being sold. Either way it is big bucks for the boss.”
Denise rendered them unconscious and went to help Layla.
“Please wait right here,” Layla said to the bruised and drugged women now standing in the hall.
“I’ll watch them,” Denise said.
Layla then went into the room where the dead woman was and brought her out first, laying her on the floor in front on the others. She then brought the unconscious women out one at a time and laid them next to the dead body. “I will follow you out,” she said.
“We must hurry, I hear sirens,” Denise said. She led the women who could walk out the door and down the stairs before exiting the building. Layla was right behind her, the women who she had laid on the floor coming to rest on the grass outside the building.
“We cannot be here when the ambulance arrives. You must all be taken to the hospital,” Denise said.
“You are free. These men will never be able to harm you again,” Layla said.
The women were in such bad shape Denise wondered if they would remember a word they said as she and Layla once again disappeared into stealth mode. They stayed until they were all safely on their way to hospitals before Denise spoke. “Let’s get a taxi Supergirl.”
“We better leave before I go back inside to finish what we started.”
“Lucilla, how is Anna?” Denise asked.
“Shaken. Happy to be free. She is soaking in a hot tub here with Marcus and myself. The other woman is doing the same with Venutius standing guard in your room. I was able to dress Odumnus’ wound from a gunshot.”
“He was shot?”
“It just grazed him. He’s fine.”
“We have one more stop. We will see you in a bit.”
“Denise, be careful.”
“We will, thanks,” she said, hanging up her phone. “Layla, how tall do you think boss is?”
“I’d guess he’s an average height bag of pus why?”
“Let’s take this taxi.”
“Drop us at the end of the block please,” Layla said. She paid for the fare.
“Can you please wait for us?” Denise asked. “We won’t be long.”
Layla handed the driver another hundred-dollar bill to wait.
“Si, I wait.”
In mid stride Denise changed her appearance to that of the boss. Layla changed to appear as a muscle bound Amazon woman.
“Boss, two visits in one night?” one of the men at the front door asked.
Do you know where I live? Denise asked the two men.
“No one knows where you live.”
“Layla.”
She slammed them together and moved their unconscious bodies away from the front door before opening it.
“Do you know where I live?” Denise asked.
“No. Boss, what is wrong?”
“Where is this woman?” she asked, holding up an image of Coventina.
“You should know boss. She has been in your limo with you the past few days.”
“Why?”
“Big bucks?”
“Fuck.” Layla.
She spent the next few seconds slamming the men into the walls and each other until they were no longer a threat. They walked through another door and down a flight of stairs to a dark and dank vision from hell.
“Boss,” one of the three men said.
It was an open space, red lights hanging from the ceiling in various places the only light available that added to the nightmarish scene of women tied to pipes along the wall, lying on filthy mattresses, some being fucked, some being beaten, some appearing unconscious or dead as their bodies were being violated.
“Where do I live?” Denise asked.
“Boss?”
“Where do I live?”
“Nobody knows.”
“Where is this woman?”
“Why are you asking us boss? She was with you no more than an hour ago when you were here.”
“Where were we going?”
“Boss, are you alright? You must know where you took her.”
Layla.
It took less than a minute for her to render the men working there and all the men violating women in the place unconscious.
“Get that piece of shit off that woman,” Denise said. 
They made certain Coventina was not one of the women in the place. They had to move the bodies of three dead women in a corner to see their faces.
“Follow me.”
Layla followed Denise up the stairs to the front room. She picked up a phone and called her cel phone. When she saw that the caller I.D. showed the number she hung up and dialed the emergency number. “There has been a terrible accident. The basement is full of injured bodies. Send ambulances,” she said, before giving them the address.
“Stealth?”
“Wait until we get outside,” she said, pointing up to a video camera in the corner.
The first ambulances arrived when they were half a block away. They deactivated their medallions and got into the taxi. Denise gave the driver an address a few blocks from their hotel.
“Was there an accident?” the driver asked as the taxi turned the corner.
“Yes,” Layla said.



22
Returned

Denise watched Odumnus’ eyes light up when Anna walked out of the bathroom dressed in some of Lucilla’s clothes. She refused to put any makeup on, and confessed that it was going to be hard for her to do so after what the savages who abducted her forced her to do. The remaining bruises on her face, neck and arms a painful reminder of what she meant.
“Odumnus,” Denise said.
“Yes Denise.”
“Would you like to come with us to take Anna back to her family in York?”
“I would consider it an honor.”
“Great, we are just about ready.”
“Everyone is getting their things together to change hotels,” Layla said, entering the room.
“Lucilla has all she needs?”
“Affirmative,” Layla smiled.
“Well, shall we?” Denise said, reaching down to pick up her bag.
“Please, allow me,” Odumnus said, smiling each time his eyes made contact with Anna.
Denise stopped by Lucilla’s room. “We’re off baby. Be careful.”
“I think we will be fine.”
“Keep Diana under wraps just in case.”
“I will.”
Layla was waiting outside the hotel with the Mustang by the time they exited. After loading up the car, she made a U-turn and turned left at Via Conte Verde. In the middle of the first block she threw the car into stealth. “Over the Vatican per your request Anna.”
“Thank you Layla.”
Denise simply looked at her and smiled as the Mustang smoothly left the ground. You’re a natural at this too, she said.
Thank you. You can plot the course back to York if you don’t mind.
I don’t mind at all.
“Now there’s a view most tourists do not see,” Anna said, as they slowly approached Vatican City. “Wish I had my camera.”
“Oh we can snap a few for you,” Denise said. Over St. Peter’s Square Denise started recording images, yet another feature that had been built into the Mustang they discovered in the instructions while learning to fly. Bright flashes seemed to emanate from an empty sky to tourists below.
“Wow. This sure was a nice gift you received here. You must have done something pretty incredible to receive it,” Anna said.
“We got lucky,” Denise smiled.
“Such a beautiful city, I must come back with a bodyguard,” Anna said turning to smile at Odumnus.
The Mustang started to climb and pick up a little speed. “How soon do you wish to get back to York and your family?” Layla asked.
“Sooner is best. They must be going bonkers, especially since I turned down an offer for my brothers to come and collect me.”
“Soon it is.”
The view beneath them seemed to go by in a subtle blur as they passed over towns, farms, mountains and rivers, invisible borders making it impossible visually to know what country they were above. Within minutes they were crossing the channel, and shortly after that zipping over the lush green patchy landscape of Britain. The Mustang descended and slowed, landing finally roughly a quarter mile from Coventina’s home where both families were gathered.
Youngest members of Anna’s family were walking around the brick foundation of a large circular birdbath in the middle of the front yard when they turned into the driveway.
“Erin, they’re here,” Brian shouted, before jumping off the small wall and running to the house.
The tears did not form in Anna’s eyes until she saw Coventina’s mother walk into the yard.
Denise and Layla were invited to stay for dinner but declined. “We must get back while the trail for Coventina is fresh. There is not a minute to lose.”
“I don’t know how to thank you for Anna, and she is not my daughter,” Esther said.
“We will find your daughter. If she is alive, we will find her,” Denise said.
“I wish I was twenty years younger and could come with you.”
“Do not share a thing with the Italian police. Contact us instead.”
“It’s that bad there?”
“Worse. I must get my friends. We need to go.”
Esther now had tears in her eyes. Denise collected Layla and Odumnus, who was surprisingly not down emotionally when it came time to leave. “I cannot wait to find Coventina, so I can return here,” he said.
“Really? And why would you want to return here?” Layla grinned.
“I think I’m in love,” he laughed, turning to see Anna watching him as she sang a song with family members.
“Come on, we’ve got work to do,” Denise said.
“I’m with you sistah.”
“Lead the way Denise.”
After keeping the goodbye’s short, and after one last hug and kiss from Anna thanking Odumnus for saving her, the Mustang pulled out of the driveway and vanished while driving north on Stockton Lane.



23
Back

Denise and Layla returned to find Lucilla had gotten them rooms at the Hotel Raphael. “It was not possible to get family rooms, they were booked up,” Lucilla said.
“So we are at two per room?” Denise asked.
“Not quite. There is one double room that four can stay in, then there is a room for you, another for myself & Marcus, and another for Venutius and Diana.”
“Diana. How is she taking things?” Layla asked.
“She has had a pretty rough life, even before being taken. She is of Greek ancestry. She buried the last of her family a year ago. Her abduction occurred upon her arrival in Rome for a legitimate job, not a con. She never made it there.”
“She and Venutius?” Denise asked.
“I can see them hanging out together for a while,” Lucilla smiled.
“He can help heal her,” Layla said.
“They can help heal each other,” Denise smiled.
“Quintus was hoping to have a word with you.”
“Sure. Send him over in a few.”
Layla took the key card from Lucilla and lead Denise by hand to their room.
“Whatcha thinking?” Denise asked.
“What I’m usually thinking around you,” Layla said before kissing her deeply.
They had just plopped on a large soft chair when there was a quiet knock at the door.
Quintus?
It is I Denise.
She slid off Layla to let him in.
“I won’t take up much of your time,” he said.
“Don’t worry. We were just going to discuss where to head from here.”
“I wanted to personally thank you again.”
“Thank Odumnus. We just drove,” Layla said.
“No, you have done far more than that.”
“You’ve something on your mind. Please speak frankly,” Denise said.
“It is a personal sense of helplessness and the unknown that weighs on me.”
“Continue, please.”
“In battle, I knew how to lead my men, to protect them. Here, I feel so helpless in being able to offer anything of value.”
“Well, this is a battle, and a race, to find a woman who WAS someone you were in love with, indeed are still in love with. There are no clear lines drawn. You cannot look across a field and see your enemy.”
“And this type of battle is indeed something we came to learn in Britannia. The enemy would hide, vanish, lay in wait and ambush with ferocity. Every day was a mystery, not knowing what would happen, who might be lost.”
“Quintus, their general, for lack of a better way of putting it, had much of his operation come to a screeching halt yesterday, and you and your men are responsible for the victory.”
“Fighting and winning a battle is only part of what weighs on me. I think perhaps I have been fooling myself to think that if or when we find Coventina she will understand why I returned for her. I wonder if she will even care, about me, or any man, after what she is being put through.”
“Well, that is something you and you alone will need to work out once we find her, and we will find her,” Denise smiled.
Quintus seemed too emotional to do anything but smile.
He is weeping, inside, Layla said.
Yes.
“What is next? What can I do to help?” Quintus asked.
“For now, nothing. Layla and I will go out alone tonight. It is easier for us to work quickly alone.”
“If you and your men are needed we will contact you immediately,” Layla said.
“I see there is no way I can convince you to take me along.”
“Not tonight Quintus, unless we summon you,” Denise said.
“I will take my leave.”
“Quintus.”
“Yes Layla.”
“Don’t worry.”
“Thank you Layla, I shall try not to.”



24
Big Bucks

Denise handed Layla her cup after getting back into the Mustang and sighed. “I miss lattes, I miss Starbucks.”
“Me too.”
“Shall we?”
“If you wish?”
“Nervous?” Denise smiled.
“Nervous, who, me? No. It’s just that 1900 years is a LONG time in case we’re wrong about them.”
“Let’s do this.”
Layla threw the Mustang into stealth once they turned the corner, where it left the ground, coming to rest in the Imperial Arena on Palatine hill. They could see the bright beam that encompassed their vehicle and brought it up into the large shuttle vehicle of the ‘Friends of the Ninth’ as Layla called them. To any passing eye nothing would be visible.
Mys greeted them upon exiting the Mustang. Please follow me. Aya awaits.
“I wish we could move like that,” Layla whispered as they walked behind Mys who seemed to be effortlessly gliding over the floor.
“Quieter than tip toes,” Denise said quietly.
Three vanishing doors later they were in a part of the ship they had not seen. There was a table in the center of the space. Please, make yourself comfortable. Two very comfortable looking chairs materialized before Mys left the room.
“Space, uncluttered even with furniture, until you need it,” Layla said.
“Now THAT is a Final Frontier for humans,” Denise laughed.
A door opened in a soft hum on the other side of the room, the golden light in the space increasing slightly before Aya came to a soft landing on a seat that materialized across from where they were sitting.
Thank you for accepting my offer. Aya said.
Thank you for having us. Denise said.
It must be something important to have us here, Layla thought.
Yes, but first.
Appearing on the table in front of them was a large steaming pizza with bell peppers, plates and eating utensils, and glasses filled with Coke.
I heard you talking about not having a good pizza yet while in Italy, Aya said. A green beverage appeared in front of her in a tall glass.
Layla and Denise looked at each other after eyeing the pizza, then back to the pizza.
I assure you it is safe. The recipe is from your friends on the Tyrine.
Well then it must be delicious, Denise smiled before shifting a piece to her plate and taking a first bite.
“It looks delish,” Layla said.
“Oh yeah, it is.”
“Have you tried any of this?” Layla asked.
Yes. It is a taste I would need to grow into. Our physiology is considerably different from yours.
“You have something important to share with us?” Denise asked.
Yes, but it can wait until you have finished eating.
“I sense we are moving,” Layla said. “Where are we heading?”
I believe some of the victims in your last assault referred to him as Big Bucks.
“You found the bastard?” Layla asked.
“Where are you from?” Denise said.
The lights in the room darkened and the ceiling projected a view of the vastness of space.
This is our home, Aya said, as the view took them beyond the home of their friends on the Tyrine.
“What do you call it?”
The galaxy is called Sep. Our world is Lis.
“Lisians?” Layla asked.
Pronounced perfectly.
“And the world our legionnaires will inhabit if they choose to return with you?” Denise asked.
They may call it what they wish. We call in Nin.
“May I ask your opinion on something?” Layla said.
Yes.
“Why are so many species advanced beyond ours?”
I would offer that the path your species chose was perhaps the worst to choose, riches and greed over the betterment of your species, over the preservation of your planet. It is what keeps so many other advanced civilizations at a distance, keeps an unwillingness to share technology that would catapult your species forward. Because of the path you chose, you have evolved into a violent and untrustworthy species. Interesting to note is that once you have been separated from all that corrupts on your world, you change for the better almost instantly.
“I will accept the punches and bruises for all humans,” Layla said.
“You are not the first visitors we have heard that from,” Denise sighed.
And yet, there are humans like yourself, and Lucilla that are a wondrous exception to all you suffer from.
“Thank you.”
Unfortunately, those in power on your world it seems will never change.
“At some point they will be forced to, but it will be too late I fear.”
This, Aya said, motioning to the new view on the ceiling, is where you will find Big Bucks.
The view was that of a walled off complex that easily afforded privacy.
The town nearby is called Sezze.
“Is it far from Rome?” Layla asked.
Roughly 65 kilometers.
“I see no vehicles at the site. They say he moves about in a large vehicle, a limo,” Layla said.
He moves about in his choice of three vehicles. Two are housed in this structure.
“Can you drop us nearby?” Denise asked.
If that is what you wish. He is in Rome at the moment and will return shortly. He is simply there to instill fear in what is left of his men, to get his business up and running as soon as possible.
“Anywhere along this stretch of road will be just fine,” Layla said, pointing at the screen.
When?
“Now,” Denise and Layla answered in unison.



25
Sezze

“I can smell the ocean,” Layla said.
“Some people lead such a grace filled life and simply are unaware,” Denise said.
The Mustang was parked inside the complex in stealth mode.
“I bet very few residents of that undoubtedly marvelous seaside town on a hill have any idea what exists right down here under their noses.”
“Oh, with Italy’s history, I bet some can imagine it,” Denise said.
“Maybe we should just come back when we know someone’s here.”
“Oh, someone is here, just not the head of the beast,” Denise said.
A pair of headlights turned off the Via Veneto stopping at the gate before being allowed entry.
“It’s smaller than I expected, you know, they way his goons were talking about it,” Layla said, as they watched the black Mercedes limousine pull up to the house. Three men exited the vehicle and went inside.
“No Coventina?”
“Crap, she may have been inside all this time?” Layla said.
“We need to make sure she is not in the car, or the trunk, but let’s give it a minute.”
They watched as lights went on and off in various parts of the building.
“Ok, it’s been a minute,” Layla said.
“Yep.”
They activated their medallions to stealth mode and exited the Mustang. The doors closed behind them in silence as they walked over to the limo.
“Great, they didn’t lock it,” Denise said.
“Why should they, this is friendly turf?”
The interior light came on long enough to reveal an empty interior.
“Think you can find a trunk release?” Denise said.
“Nope,” Layla said as she forced the trunk lid open.
“Fuck, that is disturbing,” Denise said, gazing down at a blood stained dress and a shovel.
“Come on, we need to get inside,” Layla said.
They started towards the house when the front door opened and one of the men stepped through it walking quickly to the car. As dark as it was he did not notice that the trunk lid was not completely closed. He reached into the front seat and grabbed a carton of cigarettes. By the time he returned, Denise and Layla had slipped inside.
That’s him, Denise said. They watched Big Bucks enter the room carrying a drink.
Come on; let’s have a look around upstairs while they are all down here, Layla said.
It’s not necessary. She’s not here. He’s actually somewhat disturbed that she is not here.
Where do you think she is?
Don’t know yet.
Would you like me to beat it out of them?
Although I would really love to watch you do that, let me try it my way first okay?
Okay.
Big Bucks was staring at the television seemingly removed from the discussion going on amongst the others in the room as they watched the recording of a soccer game.
Denise gently massaged his mind, sneaking in to hear his thoughts. Did you even know her real name? she asked.
Names are insignificant. I never want to know their names.
What is your name?
Wassily.
That cannot be your full name.
Wassily Grencko.
Her name is Coventina, the girl whose absence you mourn for.
That is a beautiful name.
She is a beautiful woman.
Very beautiful.
Where is she Wassily?
Gone.
Where?
I don’t know.
Try to remember.
There is nothing to remember. I never ask a client where they are taking someone they have just purchased.
You sold her?
Yes, for a very huge sum.
Denise looked down at Layla’s clenched fists. Control yourself darling.
If you insist, Layla said.
Give it your best guess Wassily. Is she still in Italy?
Yes, somewhere up north, but she won’t be for long. They will sell her for an even greater profit.
What did those you sold her to look like?
Denise and Layla both saw mental images of the men Coventina was sold to.
Try to forget these inner voices, try to forget thinking about the beautiful woman you sold, for now.
Denise had a tough time convincing Layla to leave the men and the building in tact as she took her by the hand to a back door where they slipped out into the sweet night air. “Once we get out of this complex let’s drive back to Rome. I have to think about how I am going to break this news to Quintus.”
“I need time to cool off as well.”
Layla had them briefly traveling through the air before touching down on Via Veneto heading north. What they did not notice was the six legionnaires touching down not far from where the Mustang had been parked.



26
Breaking News

Layla put her ear to the door of each of the other rooms but could hear nothing.
Come on baby, let’s try to get a good night’s rest. I have a feeling tomorrow is going to be a long, intense day, Denise said.
Layla nodded and followed her to their room where they settled into a deep sleep in each other’s arms.
Denise had been up for the better part of an hour wondering what to do next, and craving a coffee when she heard a soft knock on the door.
“Come in,” she said, seeing that it was Lucilla and Diana.
“Here, I brought you a coffee,” Lucilla smiled.
“You must have read my mind,” Denise giggled.
“Did I wake you?”
“No, actually, I’ve been up for a while.”
“Have you heard from anyone since you left last night?” Lucilla asked.
“From anyone?”
“Marcus, or any of the others?”
“They are not with you?”
“No. Quintus collected them. They left just before ten last night.”
“Did they say where they were going?”
“They said not to worry,” Lucilla said, sounding stressed.
“I have a feeling I know where they went,” Diana said.
“Mmm, is that coffee I smell?” Layla moaned from under the covers.
“There is one waiting for you,” Lucilla said.
“Diana, you were saying,” Denise smiled.
Layla slid out of bed and walked to the bathroom, returning wearing a robe. “Very considerate of you, thanks,” she said before taking a sip of the still hot coffee.
“Please understand that I mean no offense by this, but when you are intimate with a man you can read them easier.”
“No offense taken,” Denise said.
“They went out on a mission, that much I know. I heard Quintus tell Venutius they had new information from Mys.”
Denise’s gaze met Layla’s that was a look of concern. “Twelve hours, that was more than twelve hours ago.”
“They left armed,” Diana said.
“Yes, of course they would,” Layla said.
“There is something else. Against her family’s insistence, Anna arrives back in Rome in a few hours,” Lucilla said.
“Anna, back here, but why?” Denise asked.
“She thinks she can be of help and can’t sit by doing nothing. She is very close to Coventina.”
“I have a feeling we will need to switch hotels again. Let’s find a larger, busier one okay? Do you have her flight information?” Denise said.
“Yes,” Lucilla said, handing a slip of paper to Denise.
“Well, if you’ll excuse us, I’d like to tidy up and get breakfast before we head over to the airport.”
“Of course,” Lucilla said.
“Try not to worry Lucilla, I’m sure they are alright.”
“Thanks Denise,” she smiled, leaving with Diana.
“Well, our entourage keeps getting bigger doesn’t it,” Layla sighed.
“Yes, but if she can offer anything I welcome it because I am at a loss for where to head from here. I’m going to hop in the shower.”
Layla turned on the television before walking over to a dresser to decide what to wear.
“Breaking News,” she heard. “Residents of Sezze awoke this morning to a grizzly scene,” the announcer said. “Beneath the town, the body of a man was found crucified to a tree. In and around the villa, the bodies of three other men were found badly mutilated. It appears they were killed with sharp weapons. Investigators are on the scene….”
“You look like you’ve seen a ghost,” Denise said, shaking out her hair walking over to put on a thong.
“Yeah, well, I believe we both did, but they weren’t ghosts just yet.”
“Would you care to explain?”
Layla pointed to the television where the distant view of a man hanging on a tree, crucified, looked back at her. As the camera zoomed in, the bloody face became recognizable. It was the face of Wassily Grencko.
“Well, I think the mystery of where the boys have been has been solved,” Denise said.
“Oh yeah.”
“Well, we know how they found him, but where are they now?” Denise asked.
“Crucified.”
“Yeah, but where are they now?”
Above the bloody head of Wassily, written in Latin, were the words SEX SLAVE PIMP.



27
Anna

“I think I am going to get sick thinking about how many traveling women will never make it to their destination,” Denise said as they waited at the airport for the plane Anna was on to empty.
Layla turned towards her with a grim look on her face. “We can’t save them all sadly, and things are only getting worse worldwide as this sickening plight continues to grow, continues to have law enforcement turn a blind eye towards it,” she said.
“Turn a blind eye or willfully participate in it as is the case right here in Italy.”
The first of the passengers began coming through customs. They almost did not recognize Anna walking towards them. She was covered in flowing robes that concealed the condition she was in, a deep red scarf covering her head and bruised neck. Even though they could not see her eyes under the large dark sunglasses, they recognized the smile.
“Hello again,” she said.
“Here, let me help you with those,” Layla said, taking the larger suitcase from her.
“I know, you think I’m crazy,” Anna said.
“No, I don’t, not at all,” Denise smiled.
“Come on, let’s get out of this place fast,” Layla said.
“Don’t worry about me,” Anna said. “My fear has turned to anger.”
“Now that is really good to hear,” Layla smiled.
They walked through and out of the terminal to the Mustang parked in a lot across from it.
“I have brought some things of Coventina’s along. Perhaps they will help. I cannot imagine why I believe this, but I brought them anyway,” Anna said.
Denise hopped in the back seat, to ‘think’ as she put it.
“The wretch responsible for your abduction and suffering is dead Anna, as are quite a few who worked for him,” Layla said.
“No word of Coventina?” Anna said, speaking through a smile.
“Just that she was sold, to someone up north, but considering the source that gives us next to nothing,” Layla said.
“Lucilla told me about some of your abilities, which is why I brought a few of Coventina’s things along. Often psychics can get distinct impressions about someone simply by touching their possessions.”
“We met some people about a year ago who could do that,” Denise said.
“Anna, how much do you know about Odumnus and the others?” Layla asked.
The Mustang sped towards the hotel.
“I know they are Romans who disappeared a long time ago and have returned. I know that one of them, Quintus, believes that Coventina is in fact the reincarnation of the same woman he was in love with before they disappeared.”
“And do you know how long ago that was?” Denise asked.
“Approximately 1,936 years ago.”
“And yet?”
“I cannot explain the details of the effect space travel has on time. If you are wondering about whether I know how they disappeared, yes, I do now.”
“Lucilla?”
“And Odumnus.”
“Well that is great, less for us to explain if we need to hitch a ride again,” Layla laughed.
“What do you think our chances are of finding her?” Anna asked.
“Well, the odds of us finding you were totally stacked against you, and yet, here you are,” Denise said.
“Yes, I am here,” Anna said.
Denise could see the tears run down her cheeks and around her smiling lips.



28
Custom

Denise and Layla watched Quintus enter the room, having dropped Anna off with Lucilla. He looked troubled.
“Have a seat, please,” Denise said.
“Water?” Layla asked.
“Yes, please, and thank you.”
“You’ve been busy, is everyone back safely?” Denise asked.
“Lucius is still with Mys. They said he needed a little more time to heal.”
“Heal?”
“There was, a fight. There is no honor in the weapons used on our world now. He was struck by a projectile.”
“A bullet. They are called bullets, shot out of firearms, and yes, there is no honor in their use in the hands of the vast majority of criminal humans who own them,” Layla said.
“He will make a full recovery.”
“I know that feeling,” Denise smiled. “It is a good thing we did not need to take him to a hospital to be healed.”
“There is something we must discuss,” Quintus said.
“Indeed there is. We are going to change hotels, again, just in case,” Layla said.
“You already know, that the man you crucified sold her to another,” Denise said.
“I do. He confessed in time.”
“She is gone, somewhere to the north, and now the search begins over a trail that has vanished. North. That is not much to go on,” Denise sighed.
“But there is more Inquilina, apologies, Denise.”
“More?”
“Marcus and Odumnus were able to obtain more from one of the men. He had information about the man she was sold to that the leader did not know.”
“Did they all have to die, now, before we could try to get more information from them?” Denise asked.
Quintus took a long drink of water and placed the glass on a table. “I wonder how much humanity has changed since we were warriors here so long ago? The men who paid the ultimate price for their actions are no better, no better at all, than criminals from our time. It is our custom, it is what we know, what we are capable of, it is part of how we survived as long as we did as part of the Roman Empire.”
“Oh, I do not mourn them Quintus, or the means used to obtain information and dish out punishment, it is the timing,” Denise said.
“It can be easier to move about undetected when there is not a spotlight shining on you,” Layla smiled.
“As it was it still is today,” Quintus said. “Crucifixion is a form of punishment, cruel, horrible, and degrading. It also sends a clear message to those that commit the same crimes. Perhaps those who have Coventina will think twice about harming her, or refusing to return her if found.”
“I see your point,” Denise said.
“What other information were you able to get out of them?” Layla asked.
“She was taken to Bononia.”
Layla took out her iPhone and tried to find it on Google Earth. “Bologna. When I key Bononia in it defaults to Bologna.”
“Yes but that is not all. The name of the man who purchased her is Mela.”
“Mela? That’s it? Is that a first name or last name, middle or nickname?” Layla said.
“It is all we have, but he paid a large sum for her.”
“Rich, at least one of his names, the town he took her to, that is more than we had when we arrived in Rome,” Denise smiled.
“Quintus, did any of the men mention that she may have been purchased to be resold?” Layla quietly asked.
“Yes.”
“We’ve got to move,” Denise said. “It’s been more than a day.”
“I better tell Lucilla to cancel plans for another hotel here in Rome,” Layla said, walking out the door.
Layla.
Yes my dear?
Tell her to rent a large SUV, large enough for eight plus the driver. I’ll take care of the hotel.
Affirmative.



29
Pilot

“Your roads are much smoother that those we built,” Petilius said.
“Yes, but they don’t last as long,” Lucilla laughed. “Many that you built are still usable.”
“How long is this journey?” Quintus asked.
“Well, if we don’t run into much traffic, about three to four hours,” Lucilla said. She drove the Honda Pilot north on the Autostrada Del Sole heading for Bologna. Denise and Layla did not wait for morning, having left hours earlier.
“I am still impressed,” Petilius said.
Anna sat directly behind Lucilla with Odumnus at her side.
“What is that?” Odumnus asked.
“Actually, it is something belonging to Coventina,” Anna smiled, reaching into her bag for a bottle of water. “I forgot to give it to Denise.”
“What is it?”
“A bracelet I gave to her. It is a symbolic bracelet for none other than, Coventina, the Water Goddess.”
“It is beautiful,” Odumnus said, gazing into Anna’s eyes.
“She asked me if she should take it with on the trip that led to all of this. I told her to leave it at home, that we’d go shopping for all kinds of stuff in Rome.”
“You can feel her closer when you hold it, yes?”
“Yes actually, I can. That is why I brought some of her items with.”
“It is a form of clairvoyance,” Lucilla said.
“I can see her clearly when touching anything she loved, which is a lot. I simply cannot see her now, in the present.”
Lucilla felt the need to lighten the mood. “So gentlemen, did you really have to march everywhere you went?”
“Yes. Officers rode on horseback. On the march we would average twenty-five miles per day, sometimes more,” Marcus said.
“Fascinating,” Anna said.
“It must have been a hard life. What did you do for entertainment?” Lucilla asked.
“I am not sure we should discuss that topic in present company,” Venutius said.
“We cooked,” Petilius laughed.
“Yes, and we gambled,” Venutius laughed.
“And we whored,” Marcus said. “We cannot change who we are, who we were. Men have needs and for a marching army, there will always be women willing to satisfy those needs. However we never treated them as the women were treated that we freed. Those who did that to them deserved their fate.”
“May I see the bracelet?” Quintus asked.
“Of course,” Anna said, handing it to him.
Quintus examined the blue bracelet, made brighter by the sunlight pouring in the window. “She is a water goddess who travels with whales and dolphins,” he said. Anna turned to look at him. “She has the ability to clean your mind, body and spirit. She is a loving goddess that will always answer your prayer.”
“That is very beautiful,” Anna smiled.
“Her words that I could never forget. It’s not every day you get to meet or fall in love with a goddess,” he smiled.
“Then we must find her while she can still strive to remain a goddess,” Diana said. “Obviously, she is being treated like one compared to the treatment we received, but her future is one of horror regardless if we do not find her.”
I wonder how Denise and Layla are doing? Lucilla thought.



30
Bologna

After Lucilla checked in to the Excelsior Hotel, Denise asked her to accompany them to their room so they could speak in private.
“Here, Anna thought you should hold onto this,” Lucilla said, handing Denise the Coventina bracelet. “It helps her FEEL her, but not in the present. Perhaps you will have better luck with it.”
“It’s beautiful,” Denise said.
“It was a gift from Anna to her. Now, obviously something is quite important, that’s why we are here, alone?”
Just as she placed the bracelet on the bed next to her purse, Denise saw a vision of Coventina dressed in white, getting into the back of a white Mercedes.
Layla knew that look all too well. You’ve seen her haven’t you?
Yes. She may be moving again, or it may be the past. It may also be what is to happen, as you well know.
We’d better get moving.
“Yes, I brought you here because we have a very good idea where the person is who she was sold to,” Denise said.
“And you do not want me to let Quintus or the others know yes?”
“Yes. Although I do not object to their method of punishment, or justice, or custom, it is important we be given some distance on this. I don’t want to keep leaving a high body count where we have been. Eventually someone will piece it together and I want to avoid that at all costs. I am sure you can imagine the problems we will have if any of them winds up in the hands of the authorities.”
“It has crossed my mind Denise.”
“It’s a beautiful city, keep them occupied. Drag them out to explore it. Do anything but dwell on all the madness that has brought us this far.”
“It really is a beautiful city,” Layla smiled.
“You have not even brought your things up to your room yet,” Lucilla said.
“No, not yet.”
“Quintus will want to know what is going on.”
“Tell him we are running down some leads and will keep him informed.”
“He doesn’t need to know more for now,” Layla said.
“We’re going to slip out. I will keep you informed,” Denise said.
Lucilla left them in the hall and returned to her room.
Before getting on the elevator, Denise and Layla activated their medallions to stealth, dashing out of the elevator when the door opened to avoid bumping into anyone. On the way through the lobby they saw Petilius and Venutius speaking to the concierge.
I wonder what that is about?” Denise said.
They all look pretty friendly. Maybe one of them wants a date. Layla said.
Another woman came out of the office and joined them laughing. A date, good guess.
They slipped through the front door unnoticed and walked to the Mustang parked around the corner. “Apparently he owns the entire block, perhaps even more,” Denise said as Layla followed her directions. “Turn right at the next corner.”
They made their way towards the heart of the city. “It’s like all one huge ongoing arcade,” Denise said.
“I bet it’s kinda creepy at night. Too many places for some scumbag to hide,” Layla laughed.
“I bet it’s good for the prostitution business though.”
“Oh yeah.”
Layla parked around the corner from where they were going, leaving the Mustang looking like a white VW Beetle. Before exiting the vehicle, they activated their medallions so they appeared to be an Italian couple.
“You’re really handsome,” Layla said.
“Come on baby, let’s go try to buy an expensive woman.”
There was a man in uniform outside the main entrance to the building. “This is a private residence. Can I help you?” the man asked.
“Signor Mela,” Denise said.
“See the attendant at the desk please,” the man said, holding the door open for them.
A man with a woman sitting quietly in the chair next to him looked up from the computer screen in front of them after obviously having just had a good laugh at something. “Can I help you?” he asked.
“Signor Mela,” Denise said.
“Signor Melacci is not here right now.”
“Well, that is disturbing. We had an appointment to meet him about a new acquisition,” Layla said.
“And you are?”
“Il signor e la signora Quilina,” Denise said. “When do you expect him back?”
“I don’t.”
Where is the tall blonde woman he purchased? Denise whispered.
“May we have a look at his latest, tall, blonde acquisition?” Layla cooed.
“Not without his being here, and besides, you are too late it seems?”
“Too late?” Denise asked.
“They both left little over an hour ago.”
“Can you get in touch with him, let him know we made it to the appointment, and to wait until he speaks to us before he makes any deal with someone else?”
“I told you, you are too late. He is on his way to deliver his package.”
Control yourself sweetie, Denise said.
If you insist.
“Where did he take her?”
“You sure ask a lot of questions. I told you, you are too late, now leave.”
Where has he taken her? Denise asked.
“Where has he taken her?” Layla asked.
“Venice. He has taken her to the heart of Venice.”
“Is there a name for the buyer?” Layla said.
“If I knew I would not tell you.”
“Please let him know we were here and to contact us if he has any questions,” Denise said.
They turned and walked towards the door to leave the building.
Can I at least give this asshole a headache? Layla asked.
“Why not?” Denise said as they got to the door.
The doorman heard his scream as they opened the door and left. “She must have squeezed it too hard,” Denise laughed as the doorman looked inside to see what the scream was for.
“I see what you mean,” the doorman laughed.
“Come on sweetie,” Layla said as they rounded the corner and switched back to their normal appearance. “We’ve got to get to Venice fast.”
“I’ll call Lucilla,” Denise said, the Mustang that still looked like a Beetle disappearing from the street as it rounded the next corner.



31
Venezia

Denise held the Coventina bracelet in her hand, being bathed in sunlight as the Mustang sped towards Venice. Coventina. I am Denise. Anna is okay, we rescued her. She thought.
“How shall we move about in Venice darling,” Layla asked.
“Let’s evaluate it in stealth from above when we get there,” Denise said.
Coventina. I am with Anna. She is safe. Denise continued to repeat the message like a mantra.
“Well, thar she is, Venice,” Layla said, as the Mustang flew over the Venetian Lagoon towards the city.
“Amazing. No roads. An incredible undertaking,” Denise said as they now moved slowly over the city. Why don’t you put us down, oh, right there and remain in stealth.”
“Yes commander,” Layla giggled.
“This is so frustrating. I have no idea how to reach her,” Denise sighed.
The Mustang touched down on a small courtyard cobblestone surface.
“We must come back here someday, when we are not chasing someone,” Layla said.
“Yes. A romantic getaway would be nice.”
Coventina. I am holding your bracelet. Anna is safe. Coven.
Am I going insane or is it the drugs? The voice was clearly that of a female that whispered in Denise’s mind.
Coventina. No, you are not going insane. I am Denise. Do you know where you are?
Nothing.
“I know that look too. You’ve reached her?”
“I think so. I can’t be certain, but I,” Denise started to say.
I am sitting on a plane.
Where Coventina. Do you know where? Did you see where they took you?
“Get us in the air Supergirl,” Denise said.
The Mustang rose straight up to a height above the tallest rooftops.
Small white jet.
Where. Do you know where you are?
Aeroporto civile, aeroporti vicentini, aero club.
“Honey do a search for Aeroporto civile, aeroporti vicentini, aero club, fast. She’s sitting on a plane.”
Layla pulled up Google Maps on her iPad. “Vicenza. It must be the Vicenza Airport,” she said, showing it to Denise. “There is nothing else in the area.”
“Get us there quick.”
Coventina. Do you know where they are taking you?
“How long before we get there?” Denise asked.
“A few minutes,” Layla said. Their friends from the Tyrine had designed the navigation system in the Mustang so that coordinates could be entered direct from an iPad or iPhone using Google Maps.
Coventina. Have you any idea where they are taking you?
No, but we are heading east, of that I am certain. They are coming, again.
Are you hurt?
Not hurt, but in much pain.
Coventina. Try to stay focused on me no matter what happens.
Nothing more.
“There it is,” Layla said.
They could see nothing in the air that might have just taken off.
“Get us on the ground Supergirl. I have some questions I’d like answered.



32
A Few Questions

“It’s too late for Coventina, she’s in the air heading east but I have a few questions for the occupants of THAT Mercedes,” Denise said.
“Shall I touch down here?”
“No. Get outside the gate and come right back in, and don’t take any shit from the guard at the gate.”
“You got it.”
“We need to change our appearance now, females are fine.”
They activated their medallions, Layla becoming a tall redhead, and Denise a shorter brunette.
The Mustang touched down just outside the entrance to the airfield and blasted through the gate, Layla leaving the guard unconscious behind them.
“That hangar door is opening. They are getting ready to leave,” Denise said.
The open door revealed nine men and two women who had to practically be carried. The white Mercedes pulled into the hangar and parked.
“They are going to load those women into the car,” Layla said. She changed the Mustang to be a replica of the white Mercedes they had moved into the hangar.
“Fuck stealth, pull right up to the open hangar entrance,” Denise said.
The men who were not busy loading the women into the Mercedes looked at them wondering what was going on. A few of them removed handguns from pockets and holsters and trained them on Denise and Layla.
“All I ask is that you keep them alive,” Denise said.
WHO IS MELACCI? POINT TO HIM NOW, Denise screamed in their minds.
All whose hands were not busy getting the women into the car pointed to a tall slender man with grey hair.
Layla erected a force field between them and the men.
Put those weapons away and sit on the floor, Denise said.
Those who had guns in their hands put them away and they all sat on the floor.
Now count backwards from 100 out loud.
They all started counting backwards.
Not you Signore Melacci. Where are they taking the woman you just sold?
“Madrid.”
You made a huge profit selling her did you not?
“Yes. She is a beautiful creature. I was paid well.”
You two, Denise said, load those two women into the back of the other Mercedes.
Two of the men followed her instructions.
What is the name of the person you sold her to?
“Ines.”
What is her full name?
“Ines Pena I believe. Yes, I am fairly certain her full name is Ines Pena, but no one knows for sure.”
We’ve got company, Layla said.
Denise turned to see a black car speeding across the airfield towards the hangar. Before the car stopped two of the men inside opened fire with automatic weapons. The bullets ricocheted harmlessly off the force field Layla had put in place. The car came to a screeching halt just outside the hangar. Four men exited the vehicle hunkering down behind it to provide cover if fired at.
Do you know where in Madrid Ines can be found?
“No.”
DO ANY OF YOU KNOW WHERE INES PENA CAN BE FOUND IN MADRID?
“I know it is a large and rich building in the heart of the city,” one of the men said.
“I think it is red,” another spoke.
A few more rounds careened off the force field that now surrounded the Mustang as well.
The men behind the black car started shouting to those in the hangar. Most seemed to be coming out of the trance Denise held over them as they walked back to the Mustang.
“You fools. Get up off your ass’s and stop those two bitches,” one of the men screamed.
A few bullets from inside the hangar as well as from behind the black vehicle flew around the hangar after bouncing off the force field.
Layla sent four men flying across the hangar as they tried to stand up and fire.
Directly behind the men outside the hangar, five legionnaires appeared and advanced towards them, each carrying a large shield. The men turned to fire their automatic weapons at Quintus and his men, the bullets bouncing off the shields they carried.
“Damn they made good shields back then,” Layla said, waiting until Denise was safely in the car before getting in, starting it up and speeding out of the hanger, coming to a stop behind the black car to find the four men already dead or dying.
“Quintus. I have the information I need,” Denise shouted. “Get out of here before the authorities arrive.”
“What about them?” Quintus asked, referring to those in the hangar.
“I’ll take care of them,” Layla said.
She slipped out of the car and brought the hangar down on top of those inside with a loud, crushing crash.
Quintus and the others looked at her in awe.
“Where is Lucilla?” Denise asked.
“On the ship with everyone else,” Quintus replied.
“We have two women in the back seat who need medical attention,” Denise said.
Before he could speak, they were bathed in bright light and carried up into the craft that had brought them to the airfield.
Once inside they carried the two women to a part of the ship Denise and Layla had not been to for medical attention.
Lucilla walked towards them. “Are you okay? Are any of you injured?”
“No. We’re fine,” Denise said.
“Not a scratch on any of you,” Layla said to Marcus. “Those are some shields you made back then when bullets bounce off harmlessly.”
“They were modified by our hosts,” Marcus smiled.
“Sweet,” Layla laughed.
“Where to now?” Lucilla asked.
“Madrid. First order of business will be a hotel before we head out again.”
“Do you know who you’re looking for?”
“I hope so.” Denise grinned.



33
Polizia

“Swords, again, or machetes,” Inspector Santini said. “Vigilantes?”
Luigi Geraci looked down at the bloody mess. “What about those in the rubble?” he asked.
“One of them is conscious, but he is out of it, terrified.”
“Come on,” Luigi said.
The two men walked towards the twisted hangar where rescue teams were carefully going through the rubble.
“It is not safe to go further inside until heavy equipment arrives to move some of this mess,” one of the firemen said.
“Is that a car under all of that?” Luigi asked.
“Yes. A Mercedes.”
“Has anyone been able to get a plate number yet?”
“Yes. We ran it, and it is one of many plates belonging to Signore Melacci from Bologna.”
“The investment banker?” Luigi said.
“More like sex trafficker,” Santini huffed. “This is another sex slave trade mess, with the same pattern of carnage that took place around Rome a few days ago. Those four that were butchered were part of the sex trade.”
The conscious man pulled out of the rubble was being wheeled to an ambulance when Luigi ordered it stopped for a moment. “I have a few questions,” he said.
“He is pretty battered, please be brief,” one of the paramedics said.
“What happened here?” Luigi asked.
“They came from nowhere. Two women and men carrying shields.”
“Two women did this?” Santini asked.
“Yes. They were beautiful but viscous. I watched as one of them brought this hangar down on our heads.”
“And how exactly did she do that?”
“With her hands. Bullets bounced off her. Bullets bounced off the shields of the men who appeared out of nowhere.
“Why were you shooting at them in the first place?”
“I don’t know. I cannot remember.”
Santini looked at Luigi and shook his head. “This story is so outrageous it just might be true,” he said.
“Did you see where they went?” Luigi asked.
“Yes. They went up.”
“Up? What do you mean up?”
“They all went up, straight up and disappeared, bathed in a bright light.”
“He’s fucking out of it,” Santini said.
“Do you know where they were going?”
“No.”
“Your best guess,” Santini said.
“Madrid, I think. I vaguely remember Madrid for some reason.”
Luigi motioned for the paramedic to load him into the ambulance.
“I want to know immediately if you find any more survivors,” Santini said.
“Madrid. Santini, keep me posted on all happening here,” Luigi said.
“What are you thinking?”
“I am thinking I will start by contacting Inspector Santiago in Madrid. Somehow I have a feeling this mess and those in Rome are connected, and those who are responsible are on their way there.”



34
Legio IX Hispana

“They are both expected to make a full recovery,” Lucilla said, entering the room where Denise and Layla were enjoying something that tasted like an unknown fruit drink and was delicious.
“Well, that’s good news,” Denise smiled.
“After all they’ve been through, waking up on a spaceship in orbit shouldn’t come as much of a shock to them,” Layla said.
“They had both been infected with the HIV virus,” Lucilla said.
“Had been?” Layla said.
“Yes. Mys treated them and apparently they have been cured.”
“Fabulous. Do you think they’d share that cure with the rest of humanity?”
“We can ask,” Lucilla smiled.
“We are going to want to be getting back downstairs soon,” Denise said.
“Aya has offered this ship as a base of operations for us rather than moving in and out of hotels if interested,” Lucilla said.
Quintus and Marcus entered the room carrying drinks of their own and sat at the table with the others.
“Have you made a decision on whether you will stay up here or in a hotel in Madrid?” Denise asked.
“Myself and the men relish breathing the air on our world if it is not too much trouble,” Quintus said.
“Okay, it’s settled then. Layla and I shall return as soon as possible and make all the necessary preparations for our housing.”
“Quintus, wasn’t your Legion named for Hispania?” Layla asked.
“Yes. The Legion was sent to Hispania during the reign of Augustus and the name stuck with it until its end. Legio IX Hispana.”
“Such history. Perhaps the single most famous Roman Legion,” Lucilla smiled.
“Fame? We were just soldiers doing our duty, or what we thought was our duty at the time,” Marcus said.
“Let’s see. It was Julius Caesar’s personal legion, retired by him, reformed by the great Augustus Caesar. You fought against the Gauls and so many others. You fought against Pompeii. Perhaps one of the most celebrated moments in Roman history, you fought at the battle of Actium against Mark Anthony and Cleopatra. The list of amazing accomplishments for far more than a fighting force continues to the invasion of Britannia and the initial construction of Eboracum. I’d say you were far more than a fighting force and were indeed famous,” Lucilla grinned.
“We had our moments,” Marcus laughed.
“I would trade them all to get Coventina back,” Quintus said.
We are on our way to the coordinates you gave us, Aya said.
Thank you, and thank you for all your help today with everyone. Denise said.
We will help where we can. You can move to your craft and make ready to depart.
“We are going to depart,” Denise said.
“Give us a few hours to get situated,” Layla smiled.
The two left for the area of the ship where the Mustang was docked.
“What do you think really happened to our Legion?” Quintus asked.
“No one can say for certain. There are no historical documents that explain its fate. My theory is they were wiped out in a horrible ambush by tribes from the North, and the very men who ordered them North to try and crush the enemy covered it up. Political cover ups were not created in the 20th century.”
“An entire legion, lost in a day,” Marcus sighed.
“Rome made many enemies in it’s history, and the Britons would not stop fighting until Rome finally decided they were not going to be conquered or become a willful part of the Empire.”
The Mustang touched down along the Paseo Ciudad de Plasencia in stealth mode, as Denise searched through the selection of numerous hotels. “Damn this is a big city,” she sighed.
“I bet the food’s good,” Layla laughed.
“Mmm, but will it be like Mexican food?”
“I’m sure we can find a good taco or burrito somewhere,” Layla giggled.
“Turn right at the next light Supergirl.”
“Yes Commander,” she said, in a robotic monotone.
“Make it so.”



35
Matrice

Denise let Lucilla know their room reservations were at the Vincci Capitol Hotel. She and Layla took a room on a different floor. She felt she needed some peace and quiet to try reconnecting with Coventina. Their search thus far for Ines Pena brought up nothing.
Lucilla and company arrived the following morning. The two women who were rescued by Denise and Layla hailed from Spain and were reunited with their families.
“We’re going to be out most of the day,” Denise said.
“That’s understandable,” Lucilla smiled.
“The size of this city and we have very little to go on,” Layla said.
“They all are so grateful for all you are doing, especially Quintus and Anna.”
“Thanks,” Denise smiled.
“What are you going to do with this day?” Layla asked.
“It’s too marvelous a city to stay in a hotel room, waiting. I’ll be sure to let you know what we are up to.”
“As shall we,” Denise said.
Lucilla returned to her room where Marcus was waiting.
“Well, how about some coffee first,” Layla said.
“And a good breakfast. It may be a long day.”
“Okay. Where to first?”
“A Starbucks.”
“Really? There be Starbucks here?”
“Si.”
“Beautiful day,” Layla said, pulling out of the parking garage the Mustang had been parked in.
“This one is the closest, and there is street parking,” Denise said, pointing to the Starbucks on Fuencarral.
“Yeah, that is important. I never realized that so much of Europe is so old there may not be parking where you are going.”
“Or a street wide enough to drive down,” Denise laughed.
They left Starbucks, each with two of the largest lattes in hand.
“Where to now?” Layla asked.
“It’s going to be hard to find something that resembles an American style breakfast here, unless you want to head over to McDonalds,” Denise said.
“How about a hotel?”
“Let’s try that one,” Denise said, pointing to the Westin Palace.
“Looks awfully expensive,” Layla grinned.
Denise looked at her in mid latte sip. “Do they have a lotto here?”
“Come on, I see a parking spot.”
While Layla was parking the car, Denise received an image of a woman entering a dimly lit room. She appeared to be looking in on someone. Coventina. Are you there?
Denise.
Did a woman just look in on you? Is your room dimly lit?
Yes.
Is she the one who purchased you?
No. She is another. That was one of her goons.
Do you know where you are?
No. I was out of it for most of the trip.
You are in Madrid?
I don’t think so.
Can you brighten the room?”
I will try.
“Uh oh, are we still on for breakfast?” Layla asked, seeing Denise wearing that look she had when receiving messages.
“Yes. I’m starving.”
“Here, give me your hand so you don’t get hit by a car crossing the street.”
Denise.
Yes, I am here.
I overheard them mention Bilbao.
Bilbao. That is a city here in Spain.
Yes. I know it well. Many artists there and it is very rich.
That is quite a distance from Madrid.
We are not in Madrid. Denise, I can smell the ocean.
Are you sure?
Yes. My window is open. It has bars but it is open.
It’s a huge coastline Coventina.
Just heard, it is only an hour drive.
To where?
Bilbao. I am to be cleaned up, presented.
Coventina. Keep sending me as much information as you can.
I will Denise.
Stay strong. Try to stay alert, and conscious, and don’t give them any reason to believe you are communicating somehow with someone.
I shall.
After breakfast they returned to the hotel and met with Lucilla.
“We’re leaving town. I can’t say why or where for now, but I am certain we won’t be back today,” Denise said.
“You’ve reached her again?” Lucilla asked.
“Yes. I have no idea how I made the connection. Anna, perhaps, or the bracelet, but whatever the reason, we must take advantage of it immediately.
“And Quintus?”
“Tell him we are searching, following potential leads. If we need him and his men we will let you know any number of ways.
“Not that they need us to let them know when their friends upstairs are undoubtedly monitoring our every move,” Layla said.
Denise looked at her and grinned. “Come on, we should be going.”
“Denise.”
“Yes Lucilla.”
“Your room?”
“Feel free to call it yours. It is nice and private,” Denise smiled.
“Thank you. Please be careful.”
“Always are,” Layla grinned as they walked out the door.



36
Segovia

When Anna informed Lucilla that there was an extensive collection of Roman sculpture at the Prado Museum, that settled what she would do with everyone for the day.
“It’s too nice a day to be cooped up inside, so let’s be tourists,” Anna said.
“Why not?”
That was before there was a knock at her door. It was Petilius. “Come in please.”
“Forgive my intrusion,” he said. Marcus was in the shower.
“Must be important, what is it?”
“I was wondering, if it is not too huge an inconvenience, if we may take our outing today outside of this city?”
“What did you have in mind?”
“There is a town, not far from here called Segovia,” he said, reading the name from a piece of paper given to him by Diana.
“Why Segovia?”
“There are ruins there that members of my family helped build.”
“Really? That is amazing.”
“Apparently one of them, the aqueduct, is not only still standing but still in use.”
“That might be a nicer way to spend the day than inside a museum. Let me speak with Anna to confirm.”
“Thank you Lucilla,” he said, before making his exit.
“Well, it seems Diana and Venutius want to hang around here, or near here. I think they REALLY like each other,” Anna said.
“Okay. With Lucius not due back until tomorrow, that makes six of us. I will arrange for a car to be brought around,” Lucilla said.
“I will make sure everyone is getting ready for a short drive and a day outdoors,” Anna said before leaving the room.
Within the hour, a Toyota Sienna was delivered from Avis.
“No swords,” Marcus said as they walked out to the car.
“And daggers?” Lucilla whispered.
“We feel naked without a weapon. It’s in our blood,” he laughed in a whisper.
“If it is that important to you.”
With Lucilla at the wheel, the four legionnaires and Anna departed for Segovia.
“It’s a little longer drive. We must get around some mountains.”
“Is it true they still use these aqueducts?” Anna asked.
“Yes, and the amazing thing about their construction is they were assembled using stones only, no mortar,” Lucilla said.
As they cruised through the countryside Quintus spoke, “I wish we could be more help to Denise and Layla.”
“Me too. Sometimes I feel like a helpless baby,” Anna said.
“Anna, has Coventina ever been, in love?” Quintus asked.
“As beautiful as she is, she never has had a hard time finding a date, but no, I don’t think she ever has been in love. She had a very handsome guy, Thomas, madly in love with her but she did not feel that way towards him. Coventina is like a beautiful dream who is dreaming, waiting, for something or someone.”
“That was a beautiful description,” Odumnus smiled.
“So, Petilius, tell me about your relatives who worked on this aqueduct,” Lucilla said, trying to lighten the mood.
“My father’s brother Petronius was an architect, a builder. His sons Lepidus and Tertulus worked with him as apprentices. I can only assume they followed in his footsteps after we left.”
“So he actually helped design this marvel?”
“Yes Lucilla.”
I will follow by U2 came on the radio and Lucilla and Anna could not help singing along to it. “If you walk away, walk away, I walk away, walk away, I will follow, I will follow.”
“Beautiful lyrics,” Odumnus smiled.
“Yeah, they’re one of me favorite bands,” Anna giggled.
“Lucilla. Since we met I have noticed you or your friends singing along to many songs. I find it amazing that you all know so many songs,” Marcus said.
“It this era with radio and machines to play music on, it is very easy. My older brothers and sisters for instance used to play music by their favorite musicians all the time. One of them was the Beatles. Now, whenever I hear a Beatles song playing I can sing along to it. Music makes it easy to memorize words.”
Lucilla was able to find parking easily near the aqueduct. “Imagine being able to live across from this magnificent structure,” she sighed while stretching once out of the vehicle.
“Yes, some people are sure lucky,” Anna smiled.
“Anna, you live in one of the most famous Roman places ever,” Lucilla giggled.
“Yes, but practically none of it is as visible or preserved as this is, I mean look at it, it is magnificent.”
“I agree.”
The stroll along the aqueduct took hours, eventually leading them to a delightful plaza surrounded by restaurants and cafes.
“I could use a meal, anyone else?” Lucilla asked.
“Yes. Being a tourist makes one hungry,” Marcus said.
Upon a recommendation from a local resident passing by, they stopped at the La Concepcion Restaurant where they dined on a mix of cod, mixed vegetables, pork cheek with apricots and orange savarin.
“So, which of you is the best cook?” Anna asked of the legionnaires.
“That would be Lucius. He cooks a mean lamb,” Marcus said.
“I make the best eggs,” Odumnus said.
“Who can’t cook an egg?” Marcus laughed.
They all pointed to Quintus who simply looked up from his plate and laughed. “It’s true. I have a hard time boiling water.”
After dinner they strolled back the way they had came to where the van was parked.
“I’d like to head back before it gets too late. If there’s time I’d like you to experience something we call movies in a movie theater,” Lucilla said.
“Now there’s an idea,” Anna said. Lucilla noticed that Odumnus was holding her hand as they walked.
The ride back found them laughing and joking about much. Anna had them all singing along to a Beatles song that came on the radio, “She loves you yeah, yeah yeah, She loves you yeah, yeah, yeah, And with a love like that, You know you should be glad.”
Somewhere outside of Collado Villalba, a silver Nissan Altima flew by them, followed by a black Mercedes that seemed to be in pursuit. The woman at the wheel of the Nissan flashed a look of terror at them as she passed them by.
“After all we’ve seen on this search, I wonder why they are chasing her?” Marcus asked.
“Would you like me to try and keep up with them?” Lucilla said.
“Yes, please do,” Petilius said.
Lucilla did her best to keep up with them.
“Were you able to see anyone in the Mercedes with those tinted windows?” Anna said.
“There are definitely two men in the front seats,” Petilius said.
“She is obviously terrified,” Lucilla said.
They heard a loud pop in the distance when the Mercedes got alongside the Nissan. An instant later the Nissan started to spin out of control, coming to an abrupt stop as it skidded along the guardrail on the right side of the road.
“We must stop,” Marcus said.
The woman that had been driving the Nissan exited the car and hopped over the guardrail still trying to escape on foot. She wore a white dress, or what was left of it. It was torn and hung off her right shoulder.
The Toyota glided just past the disabled Nissan and pulled over, allowing room for the doors to open on the right side.
“They are obviously in possession of firearms,” Anna said.
“I have an idea,” Lucilla said. She instructed the men to get out of the van with her and follow her lead. She had them keep the sliding side door open. She brought them around to the front of the van, as if inspecting damage or a problem with the vehicle.
The men in the front seat of the Mercedes did not see them as a threat.
“Marcus, bend down and shake that tire,” Lucilla said.
“Shake it?”
“Yes.”
The two men that had exited the Mercedes to pursue the woman on foot caught her in short order, as she was barefoot. They had to literally drag her back to the car kicking and screaming.
“Lucilla, get back in the car and get ready to leave quickly,” Quintus said.
The woman nearly got away again when one of the men let go of her to get over the guardrail. He held her while the other man stepped over it, and together they pulled her over it, each dragging her by an arm towards the Mercedes.
The four legionnaires ran towards the Mercedes and in what seemed like an instant, left the two men outside the car who had been dragging the woman lying in bleeding agony. The driver stepped out of the car and fired three quick shots at Marcus and Petilius who were now leading the woman to their van. Lucilla watched in horror only to see the bullets bouncing off them before Quintus and Odumnus dispatched the two men inside the car.
They all loaded back into the van and Lucilla calmly put on her left merging signal and drove down the highway towards Madrid.
“Are they alive?” Anna asked.
“Yes, I think so, at least for now,” Odumnus said.
“You should have killed them all the dirty rotten pigs,” the woman moaned.
“Why were they chasing you?” Anna asked.
“I escaped in that silver car but not soon enough. They caught me.”
“Escaped?”
“Yes. I was kidnapped by the pigs, to have sex with more pigs, as some sort of fuck slave.”
“There seems to be a lot of that going around these days,” Anna said.
“We are going to have to leave Madrid,” Lucilla said. “Quintus, can you arrange it?”
“Yes Lucilla.”
“How did you, I saw them shoot right at you?” Lucilla asked.
“Our friends upstairs thought it best if we had shields we can wear, much like Denise and Layla,” he said, pulling a medallion out from under his shirt.
“I see. Remind me to thank them when next we meet.”
“That will be in two hours. Is this enough time for us to be ready to leave?” Quintus asked.
“Perfect,” Lucilla said. She looked in the mirror to see the woman’s head leaning on Petilius’ shoulder, her eyes closed.
“I wonder what her name is?” Petilius asked.
“Maria. My name is Maria,” the soft voice at his shoulder said.



37
Ocean

“Hey, they have a Laredo here too,” Denise said.
“I’ll bet it’s nicer than Texas.”
Denise’s phone rang. “Inquilina here.”
“How has your day gone?”
“Up and down, like shopping in a thrift store. What did you do today?”
“We went to see an aqueduct.”
“Really. That must have been nice. Anything else?”
“We had a nice meal and returned to Madrid.”
“Returned. Where was this aqueduct?”
“Segovia, just north of here.”
“Well, I wish I had more to offer,” Denise said.
“We picked up a Maria on the way back.”
“Picked up a Maria?”
“It’s a long story. We have to leave. We are going upstairs to take advantage of their offer for living arrangements.”
“I can only imagine why? Are you taking Maria too?”
“Yes. Petilius has asked that we do. She’s a real pistol.”
“Petilius. Got it. Keep us posted please and we shall do the same.”
“Quintus has asked to join you, please.”
“Well, I’m sure you won’t have a hard time finding us. Sure. How soon?”
“Within the hour.”
“We’ll be watching for you.”
“Thank you,” Lucilla said before hanging up.
“He might come in handy,” Layla said.
“He just might.”
They had been heading east along the coastline, sending out a random pulse that could be felt within a mile, hoping that Coventina, who Denise had a clear connection with, might be able to feel one and it could narrow down where she was being held.
“What’s she up to?” Layla asked.
“Bathing at the moment, being cleaned up for whatever they have in store for her tonight.”
Two of Coventina’s captors were having an argument and slamming doors, so she did not feel the pulse emitted as the Mustang passed within a mile of where she was bathing.
“If we only knew where she was going,” Layla sighed.
“This is a bit distracting. Let’s set down somewhere out of the way until Quintus arrives.”
Layla touched down above the ocean on a remote strip of land without a road nearby.
“Beautiful coastline,” Layla said.
“Very. Where are we?”
“The nearest town is Laredo, right over yonder. If we got up a bit higher we could see Bilbao on the horizon.”
Denise.
Yes. Coventina.
Just overheard a name where we are going.
What is it?
Alex Salin.
Got it.
Denise did a Google search of the name. “Only one in Spain.”
“Does it say what he does?”
“He is a she and Russian if this is the right person. She’s a banker.”
“Well, what bank?”
“This one,” pointing to an image on the screen.
“It’s going to be too late to talk to anyone when we get there, they’ll be closed.”
“Still, it may be a good place to start,” Denise said before stepping out of the car, Layla following.
“The wind is picking up.”
“Yes. That salty air can really travel on a windy day.”
Denise.
I am here.
Being told to hurry.
Are you certain you are going to Bilbao?
Yes. Alex is across from the Maman.
“Whoa. Across from this,” Denise said, showing Layla an image of the large sculpture outside the Guggenheim Museum.
“Impressive. A spider.”
“A spider indeed, and a true source of inspiration. I have an idea.”
The now familiar hum could barely be heard with that of the waves crashing below. They turned to see Quintus walking towards them, the light from a golden sunset glistening off the decoration on his scabbard when the wind blew his cloak aside.
“Greetings,” Layla said.
“Thank you for allowing me to accompany you.”
They filled him in on what they knew and decided they should head to Bilbao.
“I don’t know exactly where we are going, but I have a plan,” Denise said.
Denise.
Coventina.
They have finished putting on makeup. We will be leaving shortly.
What color is your dress?
White. I can’t explain why, but I feel very close to those I love in this moment.
When we meet I am certain you will know why. We have a good idea where you are going, so we are heading to Bilbao.
I will try to keep you informed of our progress.
Be strong. We will find you.
I believe you will.



38
Maman

“You know, it is not easy to eat on the run in Espana, at least not like spoiled Americans are accustomed to,” Layla said.
“I know,” Denise said, hopping back in the car with two Big Mac’s and two Cokes.
“Sometimes you simply must give in and stop at McDonald’s.”
“Yep. Let’s take five minutes. Even if they left when we did they won’t be here for nearly an hour.”
“Our meal was excellent today,” Quintus said.
“When you haven’t eaten all day, even a Big Mac tastes pretty good,” Layla laughed.
They quickly ate their meal and headed towards the Unibertsitate Etorbidea that ran along the river across from the Guggenheim Museum.
Before they got there, Layla put the Mustang into stealth.
Denise.
Coventina.
We are on our way. They are driving very fast.
Who is with you?
A man and a woman.
The woman who purchased you?
No, another.
Did they get you ready a certain way for the person you are being delivered to?
My hair had to be worn up and I had to practically be bathed in Chanel No. 5 perfume.
Good to know. Let me know when you reach Bilbao.
I will.
“Okay, this is the block, stop a minute,” Denise said.
“Can’t we just watch them pull up and free her?” Layla asked.
Free her, ala Gladius? Denise asked.
I see your point, but we’re here.
“I have an idea for how to do this without bloodshed but we must act quickly,” Denise said.
Denise activated her medallion and in an instant was dressed as a FedEx delivery person. “Can you do the car?”
Layla transformed the Mustang into the appearance of a small FedEx van.
“Pull up to that place with the white brick.”
Layla parked the Mustang in front of the first building and Denise exited.
“No package to deliver?”
“No. Here for a pickup,” Denise winked.
“Hey, I’d invite you in,” Layla laughed.
Denise walked up to the first building that actually had a list of four names of occupants.
Shit. Not this one.
Next.
Just in case. Coventina.
Denise.
What type of vehicle are you in?
A white BMW.
Thanks.
Denise. I can see the city growing larger.
Keep me updated.
Layla.
Darling.
They are in a white BMW.
Eyes open.
Denise walked up to the next residence. It had no name on or near the door, but she saw a bell and rang it. After a few moments a young woman asked who it was on the intercom. “FedEx. I have a pickup from Mrs. Salinas.”
“I’m sorry, but there is no one here by that name. Try the next block.”
“Thank you.”
Denise got back into the car. “Fuck. We’re running out of time. Let’s try the next block driver.”
“Okay boss.”
“Perhaps my way would be easier after all,” Quintus said.
“I hope to avoid bloodshed at all costs. Quintus these people are pretty scummy, but they have not harmed Coventina, at least not yet,” Denise said.
“Any of these?” Layla asked.
“No. Not this one either. Someone who landed in Forbes would not live there.”
Layla drove slowly to a fork in the road. “Not left.”
“Agreed.”
“Well now, that certainly looks like it might be a place a rich banker would live.”
Denise.
Coventina.
We are in the city.
Thanks. I will get right back to you.
Denise hopped out of the car and walked through the gate past a Mercedes and a BMW to the front door. The initials A. P. S. in gold letters hung above the doorbell. She pushed it. A male opened the door. “Yes?”
“I have a pickup scheduled from Mrs. Salinas,” Denise said.
“Mrs? Wait a moment,” he said before closing the door.
This is it.
Sweet.
Coventina.
Denise.
Who is driving the man or the woman?
The woman. We hit a little traffic. I hope that helps.
Thanks.
The man returned to the door. “I am afraid there must be some mistake. Ms. Salinas has no pickup for you.”
“Thank you. I will get ahold of my dispatcher and let them know.”
The man closed the door and Denise hurried back to the Mustang. “Quick. Get out of their view and into stealth,” she said.
“Okay, so what’s the plan?”
Denise looked at both Layla and Quintus and grinned.
Coventina.
Denise.
Describe those with you.
The woman has red hair, shoulder length, dressed from head to toe in black leather. The guy has black hair, well built, in a dark gray suit it looks like with no tie or anything like that.
Thanks.



39
Alex 

“Quintus, change places with me,” Denise said.
Denise stepped out of the vehicle, Quintus following her. When he looked up he saw the face of Coventina gazing back at him. “How’s my height, is the height accurate?” she asked.
Quintus could not speak for a moment.
“It will have to do. We must hurry,” she said, sliding into the back seat.
“Yes, the height is accurate,” Quintus said.
“Don’t let them see your Gladius,” Layla said.
Red shoulder length hair sweetie, in black leather from head to toe.
Affirmative, and oooh baby.
“One last thing. We must be a white BMW.”
Layla made it so. She drove around the corner and down the block before turning into the driveway where she parked.
“Quintus. Remember. You and Layla are each one of them and I am your property. Can you act as such?”
“I will try Coventina,” he said.
“Coventina. Very good. Let’s do this.”
The door opened as soon as Denise got out of the car.
“Come in please,” the same man that had answered earlier, said.
Please answer her questions. Denise said.
“Are there others here with you?” Layla said quietly.
“Just myself and your host. Ms. Salinas will be down directly. May I get you something to drink?”
“No, thank you,” Layla said.
Denise.
Coventina.
We are across from the Guggenheim and will be there any minute the way she is driving.
Don’t worry. Give them no reason to suspect you.
A tall woman with black hair came down the stairway. “Sorry to keep you waiting. With that red hair you must be Valeria.”
Baby they are almost here, and we are going to have to be them. Put her boy to sleep.
“Yes, that’s right,” Layla said.
“And the name of this delightful creature you have brought to me?”
Coventina. Remember that name for it was one of your mistakes in life. Layla said.
With a wave of her hand Alex’s assistant landed on the thick throw rug rather softly.
“Oh my, Jonathan, are you okay?” Alex said.
They’re pulling in the driveway. Put her out and get them out of view.
Quintus, follow Layla and those bodies upstairs and please stay out of sight,” Denise said.
“Yes Inquilina.”
I’ll get the door. Baby it’s important you come down as Alex. NO BLOODSHED, please.
The Mustang is still a white BMW, Layla said.
Doesn’t matter.
“Come in please,” Denise said, lowering her voice.
They entered and said nothing.
Denise.
Coventina.
We have entered a large house. She wore a worried look, as if she had been imagining the entire conversation.
Don’t worry, just do as you are told no matter how it seems.
Time to come down there darling? Layla asked.
“Ms. Salinas will be down directly. May I get you something to drink?”
Layla came walking down the staircase. “Sorry to keep you waiting. With that red hair you must be Valeria.”
Finally Denise saw a reaction from the suspicious looking couple.
“And the name of this delightful creature you have brought to me?” Layla said.
“Tell her your name,” Valeria said.
“Coventina,” she answered, defiantly looking Layla who appeared to be Alex in the eyes.
Layla winked. “You cannot imagine how happy we are to hear you say that,” she sighed.
I’m starving. Let’s get the hell out of here. Denise said.
With a few waves of her hand the couple was unconscious and traveling through the air up the stairs to the bedroom where they landed with a thud.
“Quintus, please come down,” Denise said. She deactivated her medallion and returned to her own appearance.
Layla returned to her form when Quintus descended the stairs.
Denise walked up to Coventina and gave her a big hug, followed by Layla.
She could not believe her eyes or control her emotions.
“Let it out baby,” Layla said.
“Coventina, may I present Quintus, the reason for us being here at this moment in time. Quintus, as I am very certain you already know, Coventina.”
There were tears streaming from his eyes.
“Come on. Let’s go get something to eat,” Denise said.
“I know a good place in York,” Layla said.
Quintus practically had to carry Coventina to the car. Once inside they pulled out of the driveway and vanished while driving down the Univertsitate Etorbidea across from the Maman.



40
York

“You look like you could use a good meal,” Layla said.
“Were you being fed?” Denise asked.
“My hands are still shaking,” Coventina said. “Yes. Bread and horrible sandwiches mostly. I trust I fared better than some others have.”
“Is there something you REALLY have a taste for?” Layla smiled.
“Oh my yes, a lot of things. Pizza. All that time spent in Italy and not a single bit of Italian food or pizza.”
“You just said the magic word. We love pizza,” Denise laughed.
“Quintus, is that alright with you?” Coventina asked.
“Quintus, est ut neque vos?” Denise asked.
“He does not speak English, yet,” Layla said.
“That wasn’t quite Italian,” Coventina said.
“Etiam Inquilina, quidem.”
“He says yes. If you speak Italian he will understand most of it surprisingly.”
“Great, it’s settled than, but how long will it take us to get there?” Coventina said.
“For pizza? Not long at all,” Layla laughed. “Fasten your seat belts.”
“She’s serious. Seat belts please,” Denise grinned.
The Mustang climbed high above Bilbao and in no time was over the ocean. Layla punched up the preset coordinates for York and within an hour they were touching down on Foss Island Road. She took them out of stealth and pulled into the parking lot of Frankie and Benny’s New York Italian Restaurant.
“Great, they are still open,” Layla said.
“I am going to have a million questions for you Denise,” Coventina said.
“I’m sure you will, but for now, let’s enjoy a good meal.”
When they walked in the door, Lucilla, Marcus, Anna and Odumnus were there already, sitting at a table. Anna ran up to Coventina and showered her in kisses and hugs.
“You two are amazing,” Lucilla said.
“Thanks, but it was nothing, really,” Denise said.
“The hard part was getting Quintus to keep his Gladius in its scabbard,” Layla laughed.
“Ooh, Quintus,” Lucilla said. She called him over to where they were standing.
“Lucilla.”
“I have a gift for you from our friends upstairs.” She added another medallion around his neck and activated it. “You can arrange these any way you feel comfortable,” she said in English.
He looked at her and laughed. Not only did he understand what she said in English, he could understand everyone in the room speaking English, including his fellow legionnaires. “How is this possible?” he asked. When he did, the words he spoke were in English.
“Nice accent,” Layla smiled.
“I am sure it is very complicated. It allows you to not only understand another language being spoken, but speak it when activated.”
“Amazing,” he laughed.
“I’ve already ordered for us all,” Anna said. “You’re favorite pizza will be here shortly.”
“Anna, seeing you safe is the high point of this evening,” Coventina smiled.
“We owe so much to these people.”
“All of the men are dressed in a similar fashion, is there a reason?” Coventina asked, flashing a loving smile at Quintus when their eyes met.
“There is a lot to go over, but not here and not now. Let’s enjoy our freedom, our friends, and a pizza,” Anna giggled just as the waitress headed towards their tables carrying what would undoubtedly be one of the best tasting pizzas either of them had ever eaten.



41
Questions

Anna spent the night at Coventina’s home. Her smiling face was the first thing Coventina saw when she opened her eyes.
“Good morning.”
“You mean good afternoon,” Anna said.
“Really?”
“It is one in the afternoon.”
“My first real sleep in days.”
“I know the feeling. Are you hungry?”
“I’m not certain yet.”
“Good. You’re not starving,” Anna smiled.
“I know that smile all too well my dear.”
“First, a visit to the women who saved you. After, I’ve arranged for a double date for us.”
“Anna.”
“They are the real reason why we are not still God knows where, or even alive at this point.”
“I saw how you looked at Odumnus.”
“And you at Quintus.”
Anna went on to explain as much as she knew about the legionnaires and their friends upstairs.
“Are you serious?” Coventina asked.
“Absolutely. It’s quite beautiful up there, in space.”
“Well that I must see to believe.”
“I am sure it could be arranged.”
“So, had they not returned now, because Quintus believes I am the reincarnation of the very woman he was in love with, we would not be sitting here today, is that accurate?” Coventina said quietly.
“Yes. None of the others would even know we exist, or had existed.”
“Well then, I am dying to learn more. Where must we go to meet with Denise and Layla?”
“They are staying at the Monkbar Best Western Hotel.”
“I’m going to get ready.”
“Hungry?”
“Just some coffee,” Coventina said, before hopping in the shower.
“Please, be careful,” Esther said hugging her daughter before they left.
“I will mother.”
They hopped into Anna’s Mini Cooper her brother had dropped off and headed to York.
“I see no reason to stay, do you?” Layla said.
“I guess not. It’s all up to them now. I just cannot shake this feeling of dread, can’t quite put my finger on it.”
“It’s a natural reaction after what we’ve seen these past days.”
There was a knock at the door.
“Please let them in,” Denise said.
“Good rather late afternoon ladies, I trust you slept well.”
“Layla,” they chimed, Coventina bowing her head slightly. “Denise.”
“You look absolutely fabulous. Please, have a seat.”
“We both wanted to thank you again for all you’ve done,” Anna said.
“Seeing you as you are now is thank you enough,” Layla said.
“Anna has already explained a lot to me.”
“Good.”
“She cannot wait to go upstairs,” Anna laughed.
“It’s something else, that’s for sure.”
“I get the impression you’ve been up there long before Quintus came into your life.”
“Yes. We were asked to help some incredible beings almost a year ago. We got lucky, and were very fortunate indeed to have become their friends,” Denise smiled.
“It is always a pleasant memory,” Layla said.
“Your car is not a car at all is it?”
“It is far more than a car, a gift from our friends.”
They went on to give them a quick version of what they did with and for their friends on the Tyrine.
“It all sounds so utterly fantastic, almost too much to believe, and yet, here we are,” Coventina said.
“We are going to get a lift from Quintus’ friends shortly,” Layla said.
“You’re leaving?” Anna asked.
“Yes. I’m sure my plants need watering, and Layla needs to plow the south 40,” Denise laughed.
“I miss my bib overalls,” Layla grinned.
“We live out in the country, in Southern Illinois. You really must come spend some time there with us,” Denise said.
“Sounds delightful,” Coventina said.
“So, where are you going to meet your dates?” Layla asked.
“Here, in Lucilla’s room.”
“I don’t blame her for wanting to stay here. We will return ourselves one day, it’s all so green and beautiful,” Denise smiled.
“Does Lucilla know how to reach you?”
“Oh yes. They all do, as you will find out soon enough,” Layla said.
“Do me a favor,” Denise said.
“Anything,” Coventina smiled.
“Give this to Lucilla,” she said, handing her a large envelope that was full.
“I will.”
“And these are for Quintus and Odumnus, and each of you,” Layla said, handing Anna four more envelopes filled with one hundred dollar bills.
“I don’t know what we did to deserve the two of you,” Anna said.
“We’d better be going.” Layla said.
“Yes, we don’t want to miss our ride across the Big Pond. You can stay in this room if you like until your dates are ready.”
“Until next time then,” Coventina said.
“Until next time,” Denise smiled.
“Quiet night,” Layla said.
They walked out the door with their bags and quietly closed it behind them.
“It’s just a short ride to our pickup spot,” Layla grinned.
“Make it so, baby.”
“Anna.”
“Yes?”
“Have you ventured out on your own yet, you know, since we were taken?”
“Yes. I think I know what you are feeling, and you must get over it. You will get over it. Took me about twelve hours before I hopped on a plane and flew back to Rome to offer any help I could in finding you.”
Coventina walked over to the window and gazed out at the sun slipping in the west. “I’ve always been attracted to it, ever since I was a child. Sunsets are easy since one is usually awake for them, but I always found it easy to be awake for the sunrise. The beginning and end of a new day.”
“I’m always asleep for the sunrise, that is unless I am just getting in from the night before,” Anna laughed.
“They must be beautiful.”
“What?”
“The stars.”
“I have a feeling you’ll see soon enough.”
The phone rang. It was Lucilla informing them that their dates had arrived.
“We’ve something for you from Denise. What shall I do with it?" Anna said.
“You can drop it off on your way out if you don’t mind.”
“I will.”
“Oh, and Anna.”
“Yes.”
“Have a great time.”
“I have a feeling we will.”



42
Home

Layla awoke to the sound of Denise singing along to Lene Lovich’s ‘Home’ playing on the kitchen boom box. “Mmm, coffee.”
“Home is where the heart is, Home is so remote, Home is just emotion, Sticking in my throat, Let’s go to your place, Let’s go to your place,” Denise sang.
“Is that what I hope it is?”
“Yah, yah, ees breakfast.”
“Not just any breakfast.”
“What breakfast is, really?”
“It is, ham and eggs ala Lithuania.”
“That it is.”
“Refill?” Layla asked, pouring her first cup of coffee of the day.
“Please.”
“We should probably go for some groceries,” Layla said as she washed the dishes.
“Yeah, we probably should,” Denise said, before walking to the living room.
Dishes finished, Layla joined her with a second cup of coffee.
“It’s an amazing likeness,” Layla said, looking at the sculpture of Coventina.
“Yeah.”
“I’d like to go rock climbing today.”
“Really?”
“Yes, nude.”
“Okay.”
“Okay indeed. Lay it on me. Something is bothering you.”
“What? Oh, yeah, I’m concerned.”
“Concerned about?”
“I can’t help wondering if we left too many loose ends in our short trek across the Mediterranean.”
“I did too briefly, but it makes no sense to worry about it now. Besides, no one is there.”
“I suppose you’re right.”
Denise’s phone rang. “Hello.”
“Denise, is that you?”
“Judith?”
“Yes. I hope this call finds you well.”
“I’m fine. To what do I owe this call?”
“I received a call from the mother of Coventina in the U.K. She said you and some investigators from Italy were instrumental in miraculously retrieving her and her cousin Anna in Europe.”
“We got real lucky Judith.”
“Lucky? Is that all?”
“It was not very hard to follow the seedy trail of trafficking, especially in Italy.”
“You did so without help from the police?”
“The police in Italy cannot and should not be trusted.”
“We all know of corruption in the ranks,” Judith said.
“It goes much higher than the ranks my dear.”
“How do you know this for certain?”
“You’d have to have been there first hand for me to explain. Here’s a tip though. You are an attractive woman Judith. Never go there snooping around alone.”
“That’s a good tip. Well, I just wanted to call and thank you mainly. It’s all so amazing.”
“You are quite welcome Judith, and thanks.”
“Denise, there is one more thing.”
Here it comes. Denise thought. “Yes.”
“Apparently there was a path of bloody carnage that coincided with your visit. Were you aware of that?”
“Carnage?”
Is she alone? Layla asked.
I seriously doubt it.
“Yes, rather gruesome deaths actually, all apparently traced to the underground sex trades in one way or another.”
“And how did you come by that information?”
There was silence on the other end for a moment.
“It’s been in all the papers and in the media.”
She is definitely not alone, but who? Denise thought.
She sounds like she is under a bit of duress.
“Well if it is true, I guess you could say they got what was coming to them.”
“Yes, I suppose you could. Take care Denise.”
“You do the same Judith.” She hung up the phone.
“Well?”
“Not a question of if but rather who was there during that call?” Denise said.
“Where are her offices?”
“Washington.”
“Never been to the nation’s capital have you?”
“They’re an hour ahead of us,” Denise frowned.
“I guess groceries is going to have to wait huh?”
“It’s a cinch she already knows everything about us or can if she wanted to find out, which means we must assume those who were there when she called know too.”
“Do we need to pack?”
“No, but I’d like to move the other Mustang somewhere no one can find it.”
“Come on, we’ll save some time if we shower together.”
“I was hoping you’d say that,” Layla grinned. 



43
Offices

After loading their computers and the bust of Coventina into the burgundy Mustang, Denise drove it to a location east of their home in the woods. She placed it in stealth and set the security system to maximum before walking back out to the road where Layla was waiting in the black Mustang.
“What time you got?” Denise asked.
“Just after eleven.”
“Do you think she takes a lunch?”
“Yes, I would imagine so.”
“Okay. Why not get to the region quickly and check out the scenery on the way into town?”
‘Passengers, please fasten your seatbelts.”
“It is going to be hot down here today.”
Layla examined a map and plotted her course. “I have a feeling you are right.”
The Mustang touched down on Highway 66 well outside the city limits of Centreville in Virginia. “Oh look, the NRA Museum,” Layla laughed.
“How comforting.”
“Where to exactly?” Layla asked as they crossed the river in to D.C.
Denise checked the email she had received from Judith. “The website only gives a P.O. Box, but her email has an address. Let’s try that first.”
“That was lucky.”
“Yeah. Make a left at the next intersection. It looks like it’s less than a mile up 24th St. N.W.”
“Yay. Street parking. Prior to coming out of stealth, Layla had changed the appearance of the Mustang to that of a black Ford Taurus.
“Excellent.”
“Are you sure we shouldn’t have called Lucilla?”
“Not yet.”
They changed their appearance before exiting the car. Denise was a male in casual dress, khaki pants and a black button down shirt. Layla a heavy set female about six inches shorter than Denise, wearing a flower patterned summer dress and flat shoes.
“Nice building. All white,” Layla said.
“Come on honey, let’s see if Judith can see us,” Denise said.
They went up to the third floor where the office was located.
“Not a very large place is it honey?” Layla said.
“Obviously it doesn’t matter as they are mainly Internet based.”
“Can I help you?” a young woman at a desk asked.
“We are here to see Judith Raphael,” Denise said.
Good guy voice.
Thanks.
“I’m afraid Judith is not in today. Would you care to leave a message for her, some way for her to contact you?”
“Do you know how we could reach her? Denise said. It is extremely important. Please answer her questions.
“I could take your number and,” the woman started to say.
“Do you have an address for Judith?”
“Yes we do have one on file.”
“Would you be so kind as to jot it down on a piece of paper for us?” Layla said.
“Sure, just a moment.” She went into her computer, found it, copied it to a post it note and handed it to Layla.
“Well, we will try back tomorrow. Do you have a number we can reach you at?” Denise asked.
“Of course,” the woman said, handing her a business card.
“Thank you for all your help.”
“Thank you,” Layla smiled.
“You’re welcome.”
Once out of the building and back in the car, they changed back to their own forms.
“Now it’s time to call Lucilla,” Denise sighed.
“You believe it is that important?” Lucilla asked.
“Yes. I don’t have a good feeling about the conversation we had. We are going to try and find her, but for now at least, I think it is important that you all get out of town, perhaps take advantage of the rooms upstairs.”
“You know best Denise. How is it in Southern Illinois today?”
“Hot, a bit hotter than where we are now.”
“Hang on a moment. Quintus would like to speak with you.”
“Denise.”
“Good evening.”
“I have already made arrangements for a pickup to happen as soon as Odumnus returns with Anna and Coventina.”
“I don’t think you’ll have a hard time convincing her to make the trip upstairs.”
“Neither do I. She has asked about it a few times.”
“Quintus, be careful. Trust no one at this point.”
“Good advice.”
“Oh and Quintus.”
“Yes Denise.”
“Layla was right. You do have a fab accent when speaking English.”
“Thank you,” he laughed.
“Let me speak to Lucilla again please.”
“Yes Denise.”
“Lucilla. Try to keep Anna and Coventina up there with you until you hear back from us. Oh, and no bloodshed unless it is absolutely necessary, like self-defense or the equivalent.”
“I will Denise. Please be careful.”
“We always are.”



44
Judith

“To Fairfax Virginia my dear.”
“Not that long of a haul for her to get to the office.”
“Best to stay on the ground while we are so close to Washington,” Denise said.
“Yeah. They’re probably listening to our conversation somewhere right now,” Layla laughed.
“You’re probably right.”
Denise directed Layla to her home on Roberts Road. Layla slowed the vehicle to a crawl as they came up on her house. “Skid marks. Toppled garbage cans. Car in the open garage. Think we will even find her here?”
“Let’s alter our appearance and check it out. Should I ask the friends upstairs for some shield medallions next time I see them?”
“If you wish but you should be okay if you are with me.”
They pulled into the driveway and got out of the car.
Someone is in there. I just saw the drape move. Denise said.
Affirmative.
Appearing as two blonde women, they walked to the front door and rang the bell.
No one answered.
Could she be in danger, a hostage or worse? Denise asked.
I have a force field around us just in case.
Layla rang the bell again and knocked.
No answer.
“Hmm. Perhaps no one is home.”
Denise heard a car engine.
“Knock again. That car in the garage still has the engine running.”
Layla knocked again, harder this time.
“Ms. Raphael, please answer the door. We are here to help you,” Denise said.
The sound of locks being undone was heard before the door opened slightly.
“I am Ms. Raphael, what do you want?”
Denise recognized her face from the news broadcast that was not sporting a fat lip and a bruise on her forehead.
“You are injured. Do you need medical attention?”
“I, mayb, I don’t know.”
“May we come in?
“Yes.” She walked away from the door very wobbly. Layla supported her and helped her to the couch.
“Who did this to you?”
“Who are you again?” Judith asked.
“We are friends of Denise. She said she spoke to you earlier today and you seemed to be under duress.”
“That’s one way of putting it.”
“Which way is the kitchen,” Layla asked.
“Through there.”
Is anyone still here who did this to you? Denise asked.
“No, I’m here alone.”
Layla returned with a bottle of water and handed it to her. “I’ll go turn off your car and be back with the keys.”
“You called Denise earlier. You were not alone when you did were you?”
“No. Pretty good guess for her over a phone.”
“Would you like us to take you to a hospital?”
“I’m not sure.”
Layla returned with her car keys and laid them on the coffee table.
“That’s a nasty bruise you have on your head, you should get it checked out Judith.”
“I think I am going to be sick.”
Layla reached for a small trashcan next to the table where her computer was and it flew into her hands. “Here, use this.”
“It is settled. You need to be seen for your head injury feeling as you do.”
“I’ll be okay. That made me feel better somehow.”
“Can you describe the men who did this to you?” Denise asked.
“One average height, lean, mean look on his face. The other was a Neanderthal, tall, black hair on both. I think I had a small taste of what they are putting women through.”
“They were not police?”
“No way these guys were police. They found me, how I do not know, but I know it is directly related to a call from the British girls mother.”
“Coventina?”
“Yes, her. They called and said Denise and her friends had miraculously found her and asked if I could take her image off the website. We did, and the next thing I know, these thugs show up at my doorstep early this morning.”
“What did they want from you?” Layla asked.
Judith took another small sip of water. “Information.”
“Information?”
“About those who rescued the two girls and returned them to the U.K.” What did you say your names were?”
“We didn’t yet. I am Dolores and this is Linda.”
“They forced me to call Denise and ask those questions. There really was a path of brutal carnage in Rome and another spot outside Rome where they showed me images of a Crucifixion. A Crucifixion, can you fucking believe that?”
“That is beyond bizarre to say the least,” Layla said.
Remember their appearance, Denise thought. She saw a foggy vision of the two men that paid her a visit.
“Is there any reason we need to warn Denise about them?”
“They took my phone. They have all my contacts, including her number, that of Coventina and her family. I don’t have a good feeling about this. I think they are tied to the death and destruction that took place in Italy and Spain, and they are looking for answers and horrible payback.”
“We really should get you to a hospital Judith,” Layla said.
“There will be police. I don’t want to put authorities on the trail of a woman who had the guts and know how to beat these brutal fucks, pardon my language.”
“You don’t have to worry about that. Come one, let us get you some medical attention.”
“I think you are right. I’m not sure if I could stand up alone.”
Layla found her purse and they helped her to the car. Denise hopped in the back seat.
“Do you have a hospital preference?”
“George Washington.”
“Have you any cash on you if you need it?” Denise asked.
“I’m fine. They didn’t get near my purse or valuables. My phone though, geez.”
“Well, if they use it that may make them easier to find.”
“Can I ask you a question?”
“Yes.”
“Was bloodshed necessary to find your friends?”
“Unfortunately,” Denise said.
“Good.”
Denise gently massaged her mind to remember the attack on her as a theft and nothing more, that she was attacked getting into her car in the garage, and that they took her phone and cash and ran off after.”
“We are here. Hang on, let me get someone for you,” Layla said.
She returned with two members of the Emergency Room and a wheel chair.
They followed her into the hospital just long enough to make sure she was okay, and able to give them the information they needed to treat her before they made their exit back to the Mustang.
“They’ll find us all with our numbers you know,” Layla said.
“I’m beginning to hope they find us first.”
“Where to?”
“Makanda.”
“The way I see it, there is no way they can beat us back there.”
“One advantage of living in the sticks,” Denise laughed.
“Fasten your seatbelt.”
“I already have.”



45
New Phone

“I have an idea,” Denise said.
“Yes.”
“We must go here,” she said, pointing to her phone and a map of Wal-Mart’s in the area.
“Okay.”
“It’s just outside Charleston on Hwy 64.”
Layla brought the Mustang that still appeared to be a Ford Taurus out of stealth on the Highway and drove to the Wal-Mart.
“I’ll be right back,” Denise said, walking quickly into the store.
She returned with a Samsung Android prepaid Smartphone.
“That was fast.”
“The sales clerk needed a little nudge,” Denise giggled.
“Pull over to an emptier spot in the lot.”
Within minutes she had her iPhone and the new phone ready.
“What is that exactly?”
“Oh just Google Maps, sort of.”
“Really?”
“Shhh, but keep the music on, I like that song.” The sound of Led Zeppelin’s Misty Mountain Hop was playing on the radio.
On the fourth ring the phone was answered. No one spoke. They could hear someone talking on the radio.
“Judith it is Janey. Are you there? Did you drop your phone again? Are we still on for pizza tonight?”
“She is sleeping. I will have her call you back when she wakes up. Please don’t call back and wake her, she is sick.” The call was then terminated.
“That was no guy, was it?” Layla asked.
“No, it certainly wasn’t.”
“What is that, exactly?”
“Come on, keep it on, keep it on. YES.”
“Hmm?”
“A program I bought a while ago. They are in Kentucky, just over the border.”
“Gee, I wonder where they are going?”
“Come on, let’s get out of here, preferably unseen.”
“A spying program? Have you been spying on me too?”
“Yes, all the time. You are usually SO far away.”
Layla threw the Mustang that appeared as a Taurus into stealth and programmed a course to the last location of Judith’s cel phone.
“They are going to be right about here by now,” Denise said. They were just west of Carter Kentucky when they came out of stealth on Highway 64. “They have still got her phone on.”
“Well they are either brain dead, or unaware of the fact they can be tracked if it is on, or they simply don’t give a shit,” Layla said.
“Or they want whoever might be tracking them to find them.”
“There’s that too.”
“They should be just up ahead.”
“Baby, what if they have the same technology and know exactly where we are?”
“I’m hoping they do.”
As they cruised around a heavily wooded curve a black BMW came into view.
“Shields up Captain?”
“Not yet. Let’s just follow for a bit at a safe distance.”
“Not a very busy stretch of highway is it?”
“No. Really thick though, just look at all those trees.”
“That sun is really bright. Could you hand me my shades?” Layla asked.
“Here you are. It really is bright, driving west and all. I’m concerned about the female. What if is someone innocent they forced to come along?”
“You think they would?”
“I wouldn’t put anything past them.”
Denise opened Google on her iPhone.
 “What do you think about doing this again?” Denise asked, showing Layla a picture of three Kentucky State Troopers standing next to their car.
“Only if we both get out this time.”
“You got it. Let’s give it a few more miles, it looks a bit more remote up ahead.”
“Yeah, and that sun is going to be at eye level.”
When they came around the next curve Denise shouted. “That’s them, they pulled over.”
“We’re going to have to keep going right on past them.”
“It’s okay. Put it in stealth as soon as you can and we’ll double back.”
“A man and a woman on the passenger side got out,” Layla said, looking back through her rear view mirror.
“I see. She is heading for the trees with him.”
“Maybe they have to pee.”
“Maybe.”
Around another curve and out of sight, Layla threw the Mustang into stealth and headed back in the air.
“What are they up to, can you see them?”
“Not yet.”
“That’s a long pee,” Layla said.
“He’s walking back to the car alone.”
“What if he killed her?”
“Nope, here she comes.”
“I’ve been thinking. Why attract attention with flashing lights. It’s pretty obvious they are making their way to us.”
Denise looked at her and sighed. “I know you’ve been dying to use it, so go ahead. Let’s leave them here.”
“Agreed.”
Layla positioned the Mustang directly above the BMW. Before it could move, Layla fired the pulse weapon at the vehicle. With a hum, a whoosh and a crashing thud, the BMW’s roof was caved in. All of the car windows blew away from the vehicle in tiny shattered pieces. The tires were flattened and the electrical system fried. “Okay, they’re not going anywhere in that thing.”
“Let’s make sure they forget where they were going and why.”
Layla landed the Mustang in the front of the BMW. She and Denise slipped out and walked up to the car, their medallions activated to stealth.
“I cannot open the fucking door,” the man in the passenger seat screamed.
“Sjebano,” the woman from the back seat shouted.
Where were you going?
“To kill a few nosey cunts,” the driver said.
“Who the fuck are you talking to?” the man in the passenger seat said.
“No one.”
Who do you work for?
“Stucco.”
“Yeah, what about her?” the driver asked.
“Who?”
“Stucco who else?”
“I can tell you she is going to be pissed.”
Where can someone find Stucco?
“Rome.”
“I wish I was in fucking Rome right now. What the fuck happened?” the man in the passenger seat said.
“Jebena seljacina,” the driver shouted when a car going in the opposite direction slowed to see what was going on.
Where in Rome?
“Everywhere in Rome,” The driver said.
Who is the woman in the back seat?
“My bitch Nadya. I love to take her along for a good fuck.”
“Who are you talking to?” Nadya asked.
“No one shut up.”
Nadya, do you want to stay with these men?
“Yeah, I got nothing better to do?”
“You better be trying to squeeze your skinny ass out that back window to help get one of these doors open,” the driver shouted.
“I’ll never get through there, guzica,” Nadya laughed.
“I told you don’t call me that,” the driver said.
Seen enough? Layla asked.
Yes.
Denise scraped through each of their minds individually, erasing any memories they had about them, or Coventina, Judith or where they were heading and why. Before she worked on the girl she told her to collect all their phones and slide them out the small slits that were once windows. As she did Layla caught all four of them before they hit the ground. She finished up with the girl and planted a suggestion in them that help was on the way.
“This one’s got to be Judith’s,” Layla said, handing Denise a Blackberry.
“It is. We’ll make sure it gets back to her.”
Layla laid in a course for home as the Mustang rose above the darkening forest below.
Denise used the Wal-Mart phone to call in a dreadful accident on Highway 64, doing so “Only for the woman in the back seat,” as she put it.
“I’m hungry. Pizza?” Layla asked.
“Sounds perfect.” Denise said, hiding the feeling of dread she simply could not shake.



46
Upstairs

“It takes a little getting used to,” Lucilla said.
“How so?” Coventina asked.
“Well, apparently they do not speak when they communicate. You’ll hear them in your head. Your immediate reaction will be to speak in reply, but it is unnecessary. You can simply think it and they will get the message.”
“Appearance? Is it much of a shock, I mean I would not want to embarrass us?”
“Pleasing. You shouldn’t have a problem with that.”
Marcus and Quintus entered through a door that quietly hissed open.
“We’ve been invited to dinner,” Marcus said.
“Delightful. When?” Lucilla asked.
“Now. The others are already en route.”
“I love these doors,” Coventina said as they walked to the dining area.
“As do I,” Quintus said.
“Tell me, can they read all our thoughts?”
“I am uncertain. Denise believes they can,” Lucilla said.
Another door opened to reveal a large dining table. Anna was seated next to Odumnus, Diana by Venutius, Petilius with Maria who was laughing and feeling his arm muscles. Lucius was the only one without a dinner guest.
A rather large feast was laid out on the table.
“Will our hosts be joining us?” Marcus asked.
“Not for dinner,” Quintus replied.
Alongside dishes that looked and tasted like pork, chicken and fish was an assortment of vegetables, pasta dishes and fruits.
“Where do they shop for groceries? This is all so delicious,” Coventina said.
“The meals are, created,” Lucius said.
“Created?”
“Reproduced from a growing database of some kind apparently, complete with all or most of the nutrients our bodies need to stay healthy,” Lucilla said.
“She knows more about our hosts than we do,” Marcus laughed.
“Coventina, what is your first impression of being up here?” Diana asked.
“Well, I haven’t seen anything outside of the interior of this ship, but I am fascinated.”
May we have a view please? Quintus asked.
A large window opened with a quiet hum a few seconds later.
“Dear Goddess,” Coventina said when she looked up from her plate.
“How incredibly beautiful,” Maria said.
“We are coming up on the home of Denise and Layla. Hello down there,” Lucilla waved.
“It all looks so peaceful from up hear, a beautiful jewel in the heavens teaming with life,” Diana said.
“Looks are deceiving when it comes to the human race,” Anna said.
“I have wondered how different our lives would have been if people of our time had been able to view our world as we can now?” Venutius said.
“It doesn’t seem to help in our time,” Maria sneered.
“Tell us about this other world Quintus,” Coventina said.
“It is a place of magnificent beauty.”
“Peaceful,” Marcus said.
“Quiet, vast and quiet,” Lucius smiled.
“Are there oceans?” Anna asked.
“Yes. It is very much like this world, but smaller,” Marcus said.
“Are there other humans there?” Maria asked.
“No,” Petilius answered.
“I think you’d say anything to get me to go with you if that is what you decide,” Maria laughed. “I was asking the others.”
Quintus answered once the laughs subsided. “No Maria, there are no humans there.”
“Not yet,” Marcus said.
“Animals?”
“There is an abundance of life,” Petilius said, looking at Maria as if he was about to get smacked.
“Birds? I love birds,” Maria said.
“Many birds,” Petilius smiled.
“It is a beautiful world. I’m not sure there is a place for us here any more,” Venutius said.
There was a shared silence at the table before Quintus spoke. “We are going to join Aya and the others. Is anyone else interested in coming along? You are all invited.”
All of the others decided to remain to clean up and retire.
“Shall we?” Quintus said.
“Yes.” Coventina smiled.
Aya and Mys were waiting in a section of the ship that appeared to be a lounge.
Greetings, Aya said.
“Hello Aya. Thank you so much for your hospitality and kindness,” Lucilla said.
We are pleased to be of assistance.
It is a delight to meet more females of your species. Welcome Coventina, Mys said.
Coventina looked at them and smiled. “Thank you, for everything.”
“Please, make yourself comfortable,” Quintus said.
They relaxed and shared a wonderful communion. At one point glasses full of a delicious beverage appeared on the table in front of them.
You’ve been wondering about our age Lucilla, Mys said.
“Yes, and so much more.”
If you are infants, we are but college graduates. There is so much more to the universe that is unknown and may never be known, older than either of our species, perhaps to the point of refusing contact.
“We are but infants,” Coventina said, wearing a worried look on her face.
Something is disturbing you? Aya asked.
“Yes, I cannot explain it, but I have a horrible feeling of dread for some reason.”
“It is late. We’ve had a long day,” Lucilla said.
“Yes, it has been a long day, a marvelous long day,” Coventina smiled.
Lucilla and Marcus walked in a different direction to their room.
“I’ve arranged for you to have a room of your own,” Quintus said.
“That was very thoughtful of you Quintus,” she said, reaching for his hand, “but I would rather not be alone this night.” She wrapped her arms around him and kissed him deeply.
The door to Quintus’ room hummed open, closing behind them after they entered.



47
AC

After a breakfast of biscuits and gravy at Mary Lou’s, Denise and Layla headed west towards Highway 3 where they would head north.
“You can drive from St. Louis okay?” Denise said.
“Our original two-lane heaven. I am enjoying the memories.”
“Me too.”
“Where exactly are we going again?” Layla asked.
“Chicago.”
“I know Chicago but where exactly?”
“To a tall building.”
“Well, that narrows it down,” Layla laughed. “Ready for your latte yet?”
“Yes I am, thank you.”
The drive up Highway 3 was over too quickly to suit Denise. She knew where they were going and why, and could not help but wonder where it might lead.
“Do you mind if we stop at the Arch?” Denise asked.
“Not at all. Get off at the next exit once we get across the bridge.”
Denise parked the Mustang alongside the Mississippi River.
“It is much larger right here, in person,” Denise said.
“I take it we are not in a hurry?”
“We have time.”
They strolled up the stairs to the magnificent structure.
“Amazing isn’t it?”
“Yes. What is that way up there?”
“An observation deck. Takes far too long to get up there though since they can’t take too many at a time.”
“How do they get up there?”
“A rather ingenious type of rail car that shimmies up and turns as it does.”
“We used to do such big things, amazing things,” Denise sighed.
“Follow me.”
Layla led her to the south base of the arch. “Okay, now rest your back against the base.”
“Okay.”
“Now, look up.”
“Impressive. Most impressive.” She then stared out across the field to the base on the other side of the grass covered field. “How far away is that?”
“As far as it is tall, 630 feet.”
“Let me guess, you did a paper on it?” Denise laughed.
“Science project in grade school,” Layla grinned.
“How do you think this compares in size to what our friends upstairs are using to get around?”
“Hard to say,” Layla said looking up.
“Oh, the one you’ve been traveling around in this past week is not quite as large.”
Denise and Layla turned to see a woman strolling by. She was taller than Denise, with long, straight black hair that ended at the base of her spine. The dress she wore had an indigenous style, as did the sandals on her feet.
“Really? How can you be sure?” Denise asked.
“Sure of the size or sure about where you have been?”
“Both?”
“I am Layla.”
“Denise.”
“I am Kimana.”
“Nice name, what does it mean?”
The same as the meaning of that who you travel north to see, Butterfly.
“Can you tell me what we will find as well?” Denise asked.
“No, but you can.”
“Are you from around here?” Layla said.
“I am on my way back home south of here, in Ohio.”
“Well, it comes as no surprise to us that you know so much,” Denise said.
Kimana smiled. “I must be underway if I am to stay on schedule for all I have planned this day.”
“It was a pleasure to make your acquaintance,” Layla said.
Denise, this night will be hard for you.
Can you elaborate?
Pack your bags?
Really?
Just in case.
“Thank you Kimana. Have a safe journey,” Denise said.
“Safe journey Denizen.”
Kimana walked in the opposite direction they did to get back to the Mustang and head north.
“You’re a little quiet,” Layla said as she pulled out of the parking lot.
“Did we unpack?”
“Yes, why?”
“I’m not sure.”
“Ground or?”
“No, let’s get there quickly.”
“Okay. Where exactly?”
“Anywhere near Lincoln Park will be fine.”
Layla put the Mustang in stealth when they were under a highway overpass and laid in a course for Lake Shore Drive in Chicago. The Mustang climbed until she stopped and hovered above the Gateway Arch.
“Now there’s a view very few humans get to see,” Denise smiled.
“I’ve always dreamed about this view.”
“We should touch down here, under the overpass at North Avenue,” Denise said.
“What did she mean about that butterfly thing?”
“We are going to see a friend of mine with, talents.”
“Talents?”
“She has skills and connections that allow her access to what most think is privileged information.”
“She is a hacker?” Layla giggled.
“That is such a low sounding word for someone with such talents.”
“Okay. She’s a butterfly.”
“She calls herself AC, the initials for Asterocampa Celtis, better known as the Hackberry Butterfly.”
“Sweet. Where to from here?”
“First a stop at Starbucks and then back to that building right over there,” Denise said pointing to a high-rise apartment building.
AC told the security doorman to let them up when they arrived. When they stepped off the elevator she was standing halfway into the hall with her door open. She said nothing until they entered her apartment.
“AC, it’s been a while. This is Layla, Layla, AC.”
“Any friend of yours is a friend of mine,” AC smiled. “What have you brought me?”
“I know you are on a tight schedule so thanks for agreeing to see me,” Denise said, handing her a latte.
“My flight is not for a few hours.”
“Here you are.” Denise handed her two telephones. AC brought them over to a desk she had three MacBook Pros sitting on.
“I will have to get ahold of you later with what I find,” AC said, hooking them up to each of two computers.
“Perfectly fine.”
She handed them to Denise when she was finished. “So, where are you off to now?”
“Back down south, at least until I hear back from you.”
“Such a beautiful view of the lake from here,” Layla said.
“It is pleasing,” AC smiled.
“You must have a great view of the Air and Boat Show every year,” Denise giggled.
“You know how I feel about THAT,” AC laughed. “I try to be out of town every year for it.”
“I bet it gets to be a bit much.”
“Especially for very private people, like us,” AC winked.
“Well, we are going to get out of your way. Here,” Denise said, handing her an envelope full of one hundred dollar bills.
“This is not necessary.”
“A little mad money to show my deep appreciation.”
“Very sweet. Thank you.”
“Thank you.”
AC escorted them to the elevator. “I can sense the tension inside you. Be careful,” she whispered into her ear before they stepped inside.
“We always are,” Denise smiled as the elevator door closed.



48
Vengeance

“NOOOO, don’t, there is no need, they are innocent, I am the one you want, NOOOO!” Denise screamed. It was more than loud enough to wake Layla who had just fallen asleep minutes earlier.
“Baby what’s wrong? What is it?”
Sweat glistened off her nakedness when she sat up, shaking mildly.
“It was all too real, far too real.”
“What was?”
Denise slid out of bed and walked into the kitchen where she had left her handbag. She took out Judith’s Blackberry, found the number for Esther and dialed only to hear the recorded message saying the call could not be placed, to call her provider. “Fuck, she reported it stolen and they have turned it off. I should have called her to let her know we retrieved it,” Denise said walking over to the couch in the living room where her iPhone was charging.
“Should I start a pot of coffee?” Layla asked, having a feeling they were not getting back to sleep anytime soon.
Denise had her phone set to speaker after she dialed Esther’s number. What they heard were the all too familiar three beeps followed by, “We’re sorry, you have reached a number that is disconnected or no longer in service. If you feel that you have reached this recording in error, please check the number and try your call again.”
“Yes, I think you’d better. Give me a moment alone in the bedroom please.”
“Sure.”
Denise tried the number again only to receive the same recorded message. She plopped on the bed lying on her back and contacted Aya.
It is no trouble at all. We shall be there within the hour. Aya said.
Thank you. We will be ready.
“We’d better pack,” Denise said walking into the kitchen.
“So, Kimana was right.”
“Yes.”
“Come on, let’s have a seat and you can lay it on me,” Layla said.
“We can’t get too comfortable. Aya will be here within the hour.”
Denise went on to tell her all she saw. “There was a woman directing it all. They did not even bother to check if Coventina was there. A few thugs threw something they were carrying through the windows and ran. There was a huge explosion. Layla if anyone was in that house they could not be alive, and now, with the phone.” She broke down briefly, Layla taking her in her arms.
“I don’t have a good feeling about where this might lead with our legionnaire friends,” Layla said. “Let’s get at least one cup in us before they arrive.”
“When I was a child I always felt that life had something major in store for me, but this. I know what we’ve done to get Coventina and Anna back is a good thing, but at what price? Am I responsible for this?”
“Baby you have no control over what others are going to do, well, not unless you want to anyway. You are not responsible for their actions if when we get there this turns out to be true.”
“Yeah. Come on, let’s get a quick shower, pack and get ready.”
They loaded their bags into the Mustang and drove to a pickup point along a wooded area a short distance from their house.
“They will try not to alert everyone they have on board,” Denise said.
“Well, the craft has a smooth ride so they may not realize they are back.”
“They’re here.”
The Mustang was engulfed in a bright light and swiftly carried up into the craft.
“I prefer driving up a ramp myself,” Layla said.
“Come on, quietly.”
They were led by An to the lounge area of the ship, who activated a view of where they were traveling. What appeared to be coffee mugs sat on the table in front of Denise and Layla. I believe you call them latte.
“Yes, and thank you,” Denise said.
“I was going to say you must have read my mind, but all things considered,” Layla smiled.
“How long until we get there?”
You will have ample time to finish your beverages, as there is no need to hurry. Your suspicions have been confirmed.
Denise simply stared out the viewer watching night rapidly turn to dusk. Mys entered and seemed to glide over to the seat across from them.
You will find that the entire family of Coventina has permanently left their physical form, Mys said.
“Allow us to evaluate the scene before,” Denise said, trailing away, not finishing the sentence.
“Please put us down anywhere near the site,” Layla said.
Come, we are nearly there.
They were led back to the Mustang where Layla changed its appearance to a Nissan Sentra and waited to be beamed to the surface.
Layla sped up Stockton Lane. They could see the smoke rising over the trees. When they arrived, an ambulance was leaving the scene. Firemen were mopping up what was left smoldering in the gutted two-story structure. The gray overcast sky added to the gloom Denise was already feeling. Layla parked the car on the side of the road where they exited and walked across to speak to the firemen.
“Please stand back Miss,” one of the firemen said.
“What happened?” Layla asked.
“An explosion of some sort. Not much left really.”
“Was anyone in there when it happened?” Denise asked quietly.
“I’m sorry Miss but.”
“We were friends of the family,” Layla said.
“Well, then I am very sorry to inform you that the remains of three bodies were found in the wreckage. Some neighbors said a fourth family member is missing or simply has not been found yet. It was a large and powerful explosion, but if a fourth victim was in there when it happened, investigators will find some evidence of it.”
“Come on,” Layla said, tugging at Denise’s arm. She could sense the rage building inside her.
“Those who did this are still here, somewhere.”
“Here? Do you mean right here or still on the island?”
They walked back to the Mustang quickly to find Marcus and Lucius standing near it.
“Inquilina,” Marcus said.
“How is it you are here?” Denise asked.
“I sensed we were traveling as did Lucius. Denise I.”
“Does Quintus know yet?”
“I am not certain.”
“I am,” Layla said, turning her head towards Quintus and Coventina approaching the scene.
“You must do everything possible to get back to the ship WITH Coventina. There is a very good possibility she is still in grave danger. Her family is already dead. Have Lucilla contact me as soon as possible. It is not going to be easy but you must get them out of here.”
“Where are you going?”
“Back to Rome.”



49
Back to Rome

Denise and Layla checked in to the Hotel Colosseum. When Lucilla was finally able to contact Denise once things settled down, she advised her to remain where they were, at least for now. “We’ve been lucky, so far. I feel it is not safe here, at least not safe to check into a hotel with a large group.”
“What about you?” Lucilla asked.
“We checked in with an altered appearance. Is Anna’s family safe?”
“Yes. They’ve gone to stay with friends up North.”
“How is Coventina?”
“Crushed.”
“And Quintus?”
“He and the others have been meeting alone. I’m doing my best to keep everyone calm.”
“Good. Keep me updated dear Lucilla.”
“Please be careful Denise.”
“We shall.”
“Come over here,” Layla said, tapping on the mattress.
Denise stretched out next to her.
“Let’s get some zzz’s.”
“I’ll try.”
Denise awoke to the sound of her iPhone vibrating on the nightstand where it was charging. She rolled over and draped her arm over Layla’s hip hoping to slip right back into the restful slumber she was experiencing. The iPhone vibrated again. She ignored it. It vibrated again a few moments later. Fuckinsky, she thought and slipped out of bed to see what all the buzzing was about. AC. She was looking at multiple text messages waiting to be read.
AC. I HAVE THE INFORMATION YOU WANTED.
Denise. GREAT. HOW CAN I GET IT?
AC. WHERE ARE YOU?
Denise. UHM. NOT AT HOME.
AC. CHECK YOUR EMAIL ASAP.
Denise. CHECKING IT NOW.
She walked over and turned on the MacBook Air she’d packed, opened Safari and logged in to her Gmail account. Among a few emails from family and advertisers she saw an email from Bootsy titled Dreaming of YOU. She clicked on it to find nothing but a link. It reminded her of links she would avoid ever clicking on. She went back to her phone.
Denise. BOOTSY?
AC. YES.
She was just about to click on the link when Layla spoke. “Hey, everything alright?”
“Yes. Just checking email.”
“What time is it?
“Almost 11 p.m. local time.”
“Hmmmm.”
She clicked on the link that took her to a site requiring a password. She went back to her phone again.
Denise. PASSWORD?
AC. WHAT ARE YOU TO ME?
Denise keyed in the word sunshine and gained access to the page.
Read this page carefully computer brain as it cannot be copied and will disappear very soon. When you have finished reading it close out your browser and computer and clean everything up like I taught you. I want you to call me from a landline as soon as possible. It is of the UTMOST IMPORTANCE THAT YOU DO SO.
She doesn’t trust anyone, and for good reasons. She followed AC’s instructions, first reading the page before shutting down her computer securely.
“Baby.”
“Hmmm?”
“I’ve got to get to a landline as soon as possible.  I know how you worry about me so, do you want to come with or wait here?”
“Hhi’m uh comig with.” Layla said. Her eyes squinted once her head came out from under the covers.
“Think we can find a pizza at this hour?”
“Mmm, pizza.”
They stumbled around getting dressed and headed out to the Mustang that was parked in the hotel lot.
“Any idea which way to go?” Layla yawned.
“We would have to come back to a city without Starbucks,” Denise laughed. “There’s a place with a solid four star rating near here. Let me see. Go down this block and make a right.”
“Still lots of people out.”
“We’re looking for one of these,” Denise said, showing her an image of what pay phones look like.
“How are you going to pay?”
“Do you think they take American money?”
“Ooh, a spot.”
“Why are we stopping here?”
“I’ll be right back.” Layla walked across the street and into a Pharmacy. She returned in a few minutes with a few calling cards.
“See what some sleep can do for you?” Denise giggled.
“There was a phone in there but I get the feeling you want a little privacy. The guy inside said if we make a right at the next corner we will see a lot of payphones between here and the Colosseum.”
Midway down the next block Layla noticed a telephone and pulled over. They both got out of the car and walked over to it. “Do you know how to use this thing?”
“Nope.”
“Here,” Layla said, holding out her hand. “You break off the corner like this, simply stick in it there, and hope the phone works. Do you want some privacy?”
“Anything but. I need a second memory.”
Denise went through the motions and got a dial tone. She keyed in AC’s number and waited. “How much time do I have on this card?”
“Twenty dollars on each.”
“Hello.”
“Hi, it’s me.”
“Where are you?”
“Not at home or anywhere near it, why?”
“I won’t talk over the phone. You’re in fucking Rome?”
“Maybe.”
“She knows where we are?” Layla whispered.
Denise nodded yes.
“I want you to come to me if possible, and as soon as possible. Can you do that?”
“Well, you won’t talk over the phone so what choice do I have. Where are you?”
“Paris. How soon can you be here?”
“First thing in the morning okay?”
“How about ten in the morning Paris time?”
“I’ll see you then.”
“Great. Call me again, from a payphone when you get here. And Denise.”
“Yes?”
“Hide until you get out of there, and be careful.”
“You’re the second person to tell me that tonight.”
“I hope you can trust the first person who gave you that advice.”
“I can. Til tomorrow.”
The phone on the other end hung up.
“AC?” Layla asked.
“Yes. She would not talk over the phone. She wants to see me in person. She thinks we’re in danger.”
“Tell me something we don’t know. Where is she?”
“Paris.”
“So we’re going to Paris?”
“Oui.”
“Sweet.”



50
Paris

“I’m seriously craving coffee,” Denise said.
“I’m on my second latte. They make a fabulous latte up here,” Lucilla said.
Denise looked at Layla who was laughing. “Be nice.”
“Any changes to report?”
“No. It is a good thing this ship is so large or I don’t know what the mood might be.”
“You don’t have to stay there, but you must stay out of Europe at all costs, especially Rome.
“But you’re there.”
“Yes but I’m not sure for how long.”
“Have you found something, or someone?”
“I just cannot speak about it now. When I know more we will join you.”
“That is comforting. Things always seem more balanced when you are around.”
“Haa. I’ll be in touch my dear. Remember what I said.”
“I will pass it on.”
“How much longer?”
“Our estimated time of arrival is nine a.m. local time. The skies are clear with temperatures expected to be in the lower eighties. All in all you’re in for a gorgeous day in Paris.”
“Wow. Thanks.”
“Let’s get on the ground.”
“Oh yeah.”
The Mustang touched down on Highway A6 appearing to be a red VW Golf. “There are quite a few Starbucks in Paris,” Layla grinned.
“And I’ve already got the address for the closest one.”
Denise directed her to the Starbucks on Avenue General Leclerc.
“Nowhere to park. It should be against the law to have No Parking near a Starbucks,” Layla said.
“There’s a spot around the corner.”
“Sweet.”
“It’s only quarter to ten.”
“How convenient is that? Pay phones right out in front.”
“Will these cards work here?”
“I doubt it,” Layla giggled.
“Coffee first.”
The Starbucks sold calling cards, so once their lattes were in hand, they walked back outside to the payphones where Denise slipped in her card and dialed AC’s number.
“Hello.”
“Lafayette, we are here,” Denise said.
“Okay. Come to 16 Rue de Poitou.”
“Is there parking in the neighborhood?”
“Yes. Ring all the bells at once when you arrive.”
“Right. See you in a bit.”
After heading back in to Starbucks for three more lattes, they made their way across Paris.
Layla drove past the address before finding a parking spot around the corner. They walked back around to the front door. “Ring all the bells at once,” Denise said. Layla did so, but they did not get an answer.
“Is this the right address?” Layla asked.
“Yes, at least I think so.”
“Wait, I hear someone coming.”
The door finally opened to reveal AC wearing a black wrap that covered her head. “Come in. Welcome to Paris.”
“Here,” Denise said, handing her a latte.
“You read my mind, again.”
“You don’t own that gallery on the ground level do you?” 
“No. Actually they occupy the floor above it as well. It’s nice having your neighbors gone all night, every night.”
“What about the rest of the building?”
“Empty. Don’t worry, you’ll get to see it all.”
They followed AC up four flights of stairs to the top apartment. As was the case in any place AC called home, the walls were all white. Hanging on one wall adjacent to where she had a desk set up was a painting Denise had given her as a gift a few years earlier.
“You haven’t checked in to a hotel yet have you?”
“Nope. We came straight here,” Denise said.
“Layla. It is important for me to know that you understand the reasons for my distance with anyone new.”
“I can imagine that is absolutely necessary,” Layla said.
“Then I want you to know that any friend of Denise’s that comes as highly praised as yourself is welcome, and a friend of mine.”
“Thank you. That means a lot to me.”
“Well then, let’s get started. First a tour of the place as you’ll be staying here while in Paris, that is unless for some foolish reason you would rather not.”
“Lead the way,” Denise smiled.
She guided them to the apartment directly beneath her. It had a unique and different appearance to it even though all the walls in it were white. “You can stay here while in Paris. It will be cheaper for you and much safer.”
“I have felt like an air-conditioned gypsy lately but answer me one thing please.”
“Of course,” AC said.
“Why would we want to stay here, in Paris, when our business is in Rome?”
“To stay alive. You can do all your planning from here. I have a feeling that at least until I am finished with what I am working on, you will be safer here than you would be in Makanda.”
“Finished with what you are working on?” Layla asked.
“I believe I have sorted out any and all characters who may remotely have knowledge of two women, who could be men in disguise, that freed, and rather ruthlessly I might add, a certain woman from the U.K. who was kidnapped while traveling to Rome.”
“You got all of that out of the data from those phones?” Denise asked.
“I’ll explain it all to you shortly. I hope you like the furnishings.” Every couch, chair and beddings were a deep purple, right down to the towels and washcloths in the bathroom.
“It looks like we will be very comfortable thank you. How much is the rent?”
AC looked at Denise and squinted. “I was thinking that ten dollars a day was a fair price, along with some of your home cooked meals, especially your lasagna.”
“I think I can swing that, but you know, I’ve seen nothing here in Europe yet the likes of a Jewel Foods or a Kroger.”
“Oh there are plenty of places to shop for all you will need.”
“AC.”
“Yes Layla.”
“What do I call you, you know, around other people?”
“You can call me Aja.”
“Goat.”
“Yes. Goats are extremely curious and intelligent. My parents were both big Steely Dan fans. My mother had the cover of Katy Lied painted on one of her stereo speakers that I remember from when I was very young.”
“Same here with Layla.”
“So, how can you afford to rent us this place so cheap?” Denise asked.
“I own this half of the block?”



51
Leaving Las Vegas

Denise reached for her ringing phone while on the way to the market. “Bonjour.”
Layla just looked at her and laughed.
“Bonjour? Don’t tell me you’re taking French lessons,” Lucilla said.
“J’ai pense a ce sujet.”
“Oh, vous avez. Eh bien nous pouvons mener de longues conversations en Francais. Comment excitant.”
“You speak French too?”
“And Spanish, oh, and a touch of Swedish.”
“I am even more impressed.”
“We’re coming down there, well not there but somewhere. Can I tell you?”
“Yes.”
“I have to get them back on the ground with distractions other than each other and the stars Denise, so I suggested going somewhere touristy and crazy like uhm, Vegas.”
“Vegas? Really? That’s fabulous. A town full of international travelers, it’s genius really. When?”
“Within the hour.”
“How are you set for cash?”
“Are you kidding me? You’ve handed about a dozen envelopes off to me. We’ll be just fine.”
“Well let me know where you wind up okay. Make sure you call from your phone or another that is secure okay?”
“I will, thanks. Enjoy your stay in Francais.”
“We will, thanks.”
What Lucilla did not say, was that she and Marcus has already been dropped off and were leaving Las Vegas in a van rental that seats twelve people, heading to a rendezvous to collect the other nine members. She had already purchased plenty of water and snacks, ‘just in case’, since they would be traveling through a desert on the way to the west coast. Her plans were to end up back in Las Vegas at some point if the overall mood lightened. Being so near the desert would also make it easy to be picked up and return ‘upstairs’ if needs be.
 This trip was also a way for Lucilla to help her decide what her answer would be to Marcus about leaving or staying when the time came. She’d resigned herself to the fact that she was in love with him, and was certain he was in love with her.
She also wanted to see first hand, some of the region where many Native Americans flourished at the time the Roman Empire was at its peak.
The others appeared some fifty yards away from where she and Marcus were waiting in the van. In the bright sunlight there was no way she could tell they were gently deposited there by Aya, or Mys.
“For those of you who have never set foot on American soil before, welcome to my country.”
“It all looks so vast from the air,” Anna said.
“Thank you,” Conventina said.
Maria and Diana just smiled, their arms still around their legionnaires.
Crossing the flatness of the desert had the mood in the van rather subdued. It was not until they approached the greener hills in California that Anna spoke. “Ooh, I like that song.”
On the radio the song playing was Pavement Cracks by Annie Lennox. Diana started singing to it quietly, “The city streets are wet again with rain, But I’m walkin’ just the same, Skies turn to the usual gray, When you turn to face the day.”
“One of your homies,” Lucilla said, looking into the rearview mirror to see Anna’s reaction.
“Oh yeah, we love her.”
“You know, if we leave for good, I am going to have to take a lot of music with me,” Lucilla said, turning to meet Marcus’ smiling gaze.
“An awful lot of music,” Anna giggled.
From behind her another voice joined in singing along quietly. It was Coventina. “Where is my comfort zone? A simple place to call my own, ‘Cause everything I wanna be, Comes crashing down on me.”
Anna joined in and by the end of the song all of the women in the van were singing along.
Lucilla sported a wide smile and continued west up and over the hills that once crossed would reveal the Pacific Ocean.



52
Over Lasagna

“Anything else I can do to help?” Layla asked.
“Yes. You can open the wine. She’ll be here any minute.”
Aja arrived with her own bottle of wine.
“I hope you’re hungry,” Denise said.
“I haven’t eaten all day.”
“Good.”
“I bet you’re wine is better than ours,” Layla grinned.
“We are not in the least bit wine connoisseurs.”
“You’re wine is just fine. Here, keep it in the fridge for another day.”
The lasagna was out of the oven and cooling somewhat before eating, so they had a seat in the living room with a first glass of wine.
“How did you get involved with all of this?” Aja asked.
“It is a long story. Why not get started over a salad?” Denise said.
They were well into the lasagna by the time they even finished answering all the questions about their adventure with the members of the Tyrine.
“That is all amazing, almost too amazing to be true.”
“Oh, it’s true alright, as true and real as what we are into now,” Denise said. Show her something, she said to Layla.
Okay. Tell her to keep her eye on the couch.
AC.
Aja quickly looked up from her meal at Denise.
Yes. It was I. Layla would like you to keep your eye on the couch.
“Okay,” she replied quietly.
Layla turned towards the room the couch was in and lifted it until it was hovering in the middle of the room. She then made it spin, faster and faster until it was spinning as fast as a top, before stopping it abruptly and returning it to its original spot on the floor effortlessly.
A small piece of lasagna fell off of Aja’s fork as she continued to stare at the couch.
She wanted to toss around my car the morning she started to master things.
“I am impressed.”
“Would you like another slice of lasagna?” Layla asked.
“Yes please, but just a small one.”
“When we were in Chicago for Mary’s birthday, I received my first message from Quintus and those he was with,” Denise said.
They went on to explain everything since that day in Chicago.
“The Ninth Legion? That is absolutely incredible. May I meet them?”
“I would see no harm in it. The are not ‘upstairs’ at the moment and are in the U.S. being tourists on the West Coast.”
“I thought they were in Vegas?” Layla said.
“Well, they started from there anyway. Today they are in Los Angeles.”
“So the reports discussed in those emails are true?”
“Yes. Believe me when I say that those who met their end, as bitter as it seems in the news, deserved it, or much worse.”
“Oh I believe you.”
“Are you close to finishing up what you started?” Denise asked.
“I am. Of course, we have no control over phone conversations or physical communications, but the details about you, and your friend in Washington are gone. I have everything you will need to put together your plans, only now I am beginning to wonder if you really needed me at all.”
“You’ve been a huge help to us AC. Hey. How would you like to meet them?”
“Oh I don’t want to travel back to the states right now. Perhaps another time.”
“Time is a luxury they do not have,” Layla said.
“No, I meant how would you like to meet them,” Denise said, wearing a huge grin, her arm stretching to point straight up.
“Them? You mean the friends upstairs?”
“Come on. I’ll arrange it. I promise you will never look at this planet the same way again.”
“That is something I’d definitely agree with,” Layla giggled.
“This I’ve got to see.”



53
AC Upstairs

Denise was able to arrange being picked up within two hours.
They cleaned up the remnants of their dinner and were taken on a brief tour of some of the sights Paris had to offer as the sun departed in the west, bathing the city in a glorious golden glow.
Heading down Boulevard Bourdon, Layla put the Mustang into stealth. “Is your seat belt fastened?”
Aja laughed.
“Seriously, please fasten your seat belt.” Denise said.
“If you insist.”
We’re meeting them here, Denise said, pointing to her iPhone.
Affirmative.
The Mustang ascended and headed west-southwest, to the large open field Denise chose as a pickup spot.
“Okay, I believe everything you said,” Aja laughed.
“Oh, you ain’t seen nothin’ yet,” Denise giggled.
“Layla, you’re not taking us all the way upstairs are you?”
“No,” she laughed.
The Mustang gently touched down on a grassy field surrounded by a tree line on all sides. Night had officially wrapped the region in darkness.
“I would love to own one of these,” Aja said. “You don’t suppose I could have it secretly reverse engineered do you?”
“Not this one my dear. Wouldn’t want it to fall into the wrong hands,” Denise said.
“You are probably right.”
They were enveloped in the bright light they’d become accustomed to, and quickly taken up into the large craft. In moments they were stepping out of the Mustang into the ambient light of the interior of the craft where they were greeted by An. Welcome.
Hello and thank you, Denise said.
They followed An through the first doorway that hissed closed behind them.
Welcome to Wonderland AC.
“You simply have to teach me how to do that,” Aja said.
An brought them to the room that resembled a lounge. Aya will be with you shortly. Before she left the room the far wall vanished into windows affording a view of them leaving Earth’s atmosphere.
“Oh my. This I could really get used to,” Aja said.
“Come one, better have a seat at first,” Denise giggled.
“Its movement seems so effortless.”
“So was the Tyrine,” Layla said.
“How far away are we?”
“Oh wait, I’ve gotten pretty good at this,” Layla laughed. “About, four thousand miles.”
The soft hum behind them signaled the door opening. Aya entered followed by a tray with glasses on it that stopped directly in front of them. Very good Layla. That is almost precisely how far we are from your planet’s surface.
“Thank you Aya, and thank you for having us.”
Aya, allow me to present Aja, Aja, one of your hosts, Aya, Denise said.
“Thank you for allowing me to accompany my friends here,” Aja smiled.
“How are our friends doing down there?” Layla asked.
They have been enjoying a day along your ocean.
“How much time do they have to decide, before you depart?” Denise asked.
Approximately five Earth days.
“We should allow them to spend as much time together, in peace, to make a decision.”
It is our agreed on plan. Aja, you must have many questions.
“Ha. I think I’m getting used to that. Yes, I do actually.”
Feel free to ask what you wish.
“Really? Okay. First, I am very curious to understand how you know where they are, what they are doing, at any given moment?”
Aya seemed to float off the chair she appeared to be sitting in and over to the open view of Earth. Our species has evolved with advanced versions of what you on your world have labeled telepathy and telekinesis. We have the ability to locate that which we commune with, some at great distances. The vehicle you are in is an extension of that ability. Much of what you see around you is organic. Some of it exists only in the moment.
“Fascinating.”
In our opinion, your species is capable of existing in a similar fashion.
“We’re slow learners that’s for sure,” Layla said.
“Does your ability extend to all life?”
All life? The universe is so vast there is no way to answer that question. All life on your world? Yes.
They went on to discuss many things, all on a much more technical level than Aya had experienced from anyone else in the group of humans. Aya offered Aja the invitation to stay with them on the ship as long as she liked.
Denise could teach you how to expand your abilities.
“Really?”
“Really?” Denise said.
Yes. Aja would be very receptive to learning your abilities. In time you could learn to incorporate that power into the world around you. Denise is well beyond that level already.
“Well, I will try to schedule some classes then,” Denise laughed.
Aja smiled. When can we start?
Very good. How about over leftover lasagna?
It’s a date.



54
The Woman

Lucilla called Denise and spoke for nearly an hour about their journey thus far, and how good it was for them all to be back in the open air.
“How is Lucius doing? Has he been shopping for lack of a better way of putting it?”
“Yes. He seems like a hard one to please, at least romantically. His is perhaps the most inquisitive mind of them all. Always seems to be searching for more.”
“We might hook up with you somewhere along your journey. Would you mind?”
“Mind? Don’t be ridiculous.”
“If we do, we may have a trusted friend with us, a woman. She has been upstairs with us and would love to meet the men before.”
“Yes. Before. Something weighing on the minds of at least a few of us for sure.”
“Not everyone? We’ve less than five days before.”
“Yes. Before. Well Maria and Diana have decided. They’ve no desire to remain here.”
“Two out of six. Better than none.”
“Yes.”
“I’m going to go. I’ll be in touch. Never been to San Francisco. Why don’t we try to meet up there?”
“Sounds perfect. We can have a picnic in the park.”
“Chow.”
“So, how are things?” Layla asked between sips of coffee. She handed a cup to Denise.
“Mmm, this is really great coffee. My compliments. They are okay, it seems, but the deadline is weighing on a few of them.”
“I could imagine. They’d better start shopping for stuff to take with that they will really miss, like a coffee maker.”
“Oh I know. It is a relief we do not have to make that decision.”
“Yes it is. You know, I’ve often wondered what we’d have done had we been invited to leave with Nola and the others?”
“You know, my frame of mind at the time, if you would have been coming with me I would have left in a blink and not looked back,” Denise smiled.
“You still really miss them don’t you?”
“Yes, I do.” Denise started a Buddy Holly song on her iPhone; It’s so easy to fall in love.
“Ha, Good choice. I wish this mess was as easy as the last one looking back on it.”
“Me too.”
She received a text from Aja.
I’M READY
“Come on, let’s mosey upstairs.”
Layla followed her up to AC’s world.
“I’ve found the woman,” Aja said.
“The woman? Of your dreams?” Denise grinned.
Aja simply smiled. “Here, take a look at this.”
Denise and Layla walked over to where she was sitting and looked at the computer screen. What they saw staring back at them was the image of a woman with shoulder length black hair, surrounded by a few very muscular men. It was the woman Denise saw directing the assassins that destroyed Coventina’s family and home.
“You know her?” Layla asked, seeing the anger in the look Denise was wearing.
“She is the woman.”
“You mean the woman, at Coventina’s parents place?”
Denise just nodded her head, too angry to speak.
“She is called many things, but her real name is Rosina Stucco,” Aja said.
“Little Rose,” Layla said.
“The men on either side of Little Rose are a few of her thugs. The one on the left is Bruno, and on the right, Gaggi.”
“They don’t look Italian,” Layla said.
“They’re not. They are Romanian. Real nasty fuckers.”
“So, how is she tied into those who lost a small fortune when we took Coventina out of their hands?” Denise asked.
“Birds of a feather my dear. She is but one slice in a very big pie, full of some of the nastiest shit humans can do to other humans. Trafficking. Slavery. Sex Slavery. Prostitution. Drugs. Murder. You can keep going from there. It’s quite a list.
“Well I know at least a few of them that are no longer part of that pie,” Layla said.
“Indeed, but it is a very large pie.”
“Is she in Italy?”
“Yes she is.”
Denise walked over to the couch and sat down. “You know I’m going to have to go back there.”
“You mean we’re going to have to go back there,” Layla said, walking over to a chair to sit down.
“I would never assume,” Denise giggled.
“Well you are not going back yet. My work is not finished,” Aja said.
“Not finished?” Denise said.
“No. Why go after a slice or two of the pie when you can finish off the entire pie?”
“The entire pie?”
“Yes. The entire pie.”



55
Triton Hotel

After a day of mapping out all the pieces of the pie together, having already made arrangements with Aya, Denise, Layla and Aja were picked up in the same spot outside Paris and given a lift to San Francisco. They were dropped off already in stealth in Golden Gate Park. From there they made their way first to a Starbucks, then to the Triton Hotel.
Denise weighed how much to tell Lucilla and the others about their plans. She had not been with any of them for days, and could not help but wonder what was on the minds of the legionnaires.
“Look. A parking spot,” Layla said.
“Look. A Starbucks, and right across the street,” Denise said.
“You’ve trained Lucilla well,” Aja laughed.
“Oh yeah.”
“And the boys like it too,” Layla said.
“I am not going up there carrying a dozen lattes,” Denise laughed.
“Did we plan on staying here?” Aja asked.
“Let’s see what today brings. It can’t be that hard to get a room in a city this size if we choose to stay,” Denise said.
“Shall we?” Layla said.
“Let’s.”
We’re on our way up.
Great.
They passed through the lobby to the elevator and took it to the third floor. When the door opened Lucius walked into the elevator looking down at a piece of paper he was holding in his hand and bumped into Aja trying to exit.
“Inquilina, I mean Denise. It is good to see you all. Apologies for my clumsiness.”
“Hello Lucius. What do you have there?”
“A shopping list, for Starbucks,” he smiled. He could not seem to keep his eyes off Aja.
“Aja, Lucius, Lucius, our dear friend Aja.”
“Hello Lucius.”
“Please forgive me. Did I hurt you?”
“No Lucius. I’m used to having my toes stepped on.”
Lucius disappeared behind the closed doors. Denise could see Lucilla standing outside her room waving.
“So that was one of them?” Aja said.
“Yes, and the only one who is still, uhm, single,” Layla said.
“He looked a bit smitten by you my dear,” Denise grinned.
“Of course he did, I mean look at me,” Aja laughed.
“Oh you read my mind again,” Lucilla said when Denise handed her a latte. She followed them into her room where Marcus was sitting by the window. The walls were a combination of bright warm red and white, the floor carpeted in a rich deep shade of purple.
“This is one of the nicest rooms I’ve ever been in, well, in a hotel at least,” Denise said.
“Yes it is. I decided on this one because there is a Starbucks across the street.”
“That’s where these are from, and we just ran into Lucius heading down there with a list in hand,” Layla said.
“Literally ran into us, well one of us. Aja, this is Lucilla and Marcus, guys this is my dear friend Aja.”
“It is a pleasure to meet you,” Lucilla said.
“Any friend of Denise and Layla is a friend of mine,” Marcus said.
“Where’s the rest of the gang, on this floor?”
“Yes. Maria and Diana are doubled up in a room with a few queen size beds. Everyone else has their own place.”
“And how is every one today? Lucius seemed to be in good spirits,” Denise asked.
“Ready to enjoy a day in the park.”
“I hear it’s quite some park,” Layla said.
“I’m sure it’s spectacular.”
They sat down to catch up on everything. Denise did not let anyone know of the plans they were laying yet. She thought it best to discuss it with everyone at the same time.
Aja had many questions for Marcus. She seemed amazed by their presence and the circumstances surrounding it.
There was a knock at the door. It was Lucius with lattes for Lucilla and Marcus.
“Thank you Lucius. It’s a good day to be wired on lattes,” Lucilla laughed, taking the final sips of the first one.
“Well, if you will excuse me,” Lucius said, unable to control a smile as he gazed at Aja on his way out the door.
Excuse me if I’m wrong, but I believe Lucius is REALLY smitten by you, Denise said.
Indeed, Aja giggled.
See, this is not that hard at all.
I could really get used to it.
Denise explained that they were only in town for the day, and would like to get out and see some of the city before heading to the park later.
“Today is on me by the way. This should pay for everything,” Denise said, handing Lucilla an envelope bulging with cash.
“Denise, darling, this is not necessary.”
“We’ll meet you at the park.”
“Enjoy the rest of your morning.”
“We shall.”



56
Golden Gate

The rest of the morning was spent checking out some San Francisco sites.
“I could live here,” Aja said.
“It’s an amazing city. Beautiful,” Layla said.
“Would love to live near an ocean one day,” Denise said.
“I could never live somewhere that is land locked,” Aja said.
“Well, where we are at in Southern Illinois, there are many lakes and they are all quite beautiful.”
“As you know from our tale, we have a lot of experience with lakes from Southern Illinois and points south of there,” Layla laughed.
“You know, the Golden Gate Bridge, I think, has been destroyed in more disaster movies than any other bridge,” Denise said.
“New York has got to be right up there with a city being destroyed by some disaster,” Aja said.
“Where we’re heading on this planet, perhaps just near an ocean and not right on one,” Layla laughed.
“Agreed.”
“Hey. I wonder if the lads have ever had Popeye’s Chicken yet,” Denise said, pointing to one of their restaurants.
“It’s great munching on food.”
“Yeah. Pull over baby. I’ll be right out.”
“I’ll come with you,” Aja said, following her into the restaurant.
They returned to the car with a dozen ten piece boxes of spicy and regular chicken.
“Whattaya feedin an army?” Layla laughed.
“Come to think of it, yes I am.”
They parked on the far western end of the park as instructed, and walked over to a large grassy field just north of the Murphy Windmill. When they arrived, Quintus and Coventina were playing Backgammon on a blanket. Lucilla, Marcus, Anna, Odumnus and Lucius were sitting and lying around watching them.
“Howdy,” Denise said.
“I had a premonition not to bring food because you would. Did you put it in here?” Lucilla smiled, tapping on her head.
“Nope. Honest Injun.”
“Is this all of us? Where are the others?” Layla asked.
“Oh, they’re here, out there somewhere,” Lucilla said.
“I will bet the four of them are already hiding in the bushes shagging away,” Anna laughed.
“Haaa,” Denise said. “Backgammon hmm?”
“Yes. Did you know it is the closest game to one they used to play last time they were here? It was called Tabula.”
“Fascinating,” Aja said, smiling at Lucius.
“Oh, take at look at these. Lucius do you have those dice handy?” Lucilla said.
He reached into a small leather bag he was wearing on his belt, took out a pair of dice and handed them to Lucilla.
“Here. Look at these. He made them, from one piece of bone.”
“Very nice. Lucius you should take up sculpting. They are beautiful,” Denise said.
“Thank you Denise.”
“May I see those?” Coventina said.
Denise walked over and handed them to her.
She started singing quietly as she inspected them. “You got to ro-o-oll me and call me the tumblin’ dice.”
The other women joined in. “Got to roll me, Got to roll me, Got to roll me.”
“Speaking of roll, it looks like at least Diana and Venutius are back from their roll, IN THE BLANKET,” Anna laughed.
“Hungry?” Denise smiled.
“Oh yeah,” Diana sighed, wearing an impish grin.
“Gentlemen, if you have yet to experience a piece of Popeye’s chicken, please, try at least one,” Layla said, passing around a few boxes.
All of the women present could not hold back a huge grin at the looks on the faces of the legionnaires when they bit into their first piece of Popeye’s.
“You have so much delicious food here, now,” Lucius laughed.
“There’s plenty more, so eat up,” Layla said.
The mood remained festive and light until Denise and Layla asked Quintus and Coventina to take a walk with them. Aja remained with the others, having been challenged to a game of Backgammon by Lucius.
“How are you holding up?” Denise asked.
“My grief will always be with me, but it is waning,” Coventina said. “It is being replaced by rage all too easily.”
“Understandably so,” Layla said.
“Quintus, I want to thank you for honoring my advice not to strike back at those who have harmed you, not yet anyway.”
“Not yet?” Quintus said.
“Yes. I cannot give you all the details, and when the time comes I can assure you that you and your men can be there when it happens if you wish.”
“On this, where Quintus goes I go,” Coventina said quietly.
“That of course is your decision.”
“Do you have information? Do you have a plan?”
“I cannot give you the details, simply because we have not laid them all out yet. I can assure you that when the time comes, we will take them ALL down,” Denise said, gazing into the eyes of Coventina.
“I trust you Denise, as does Coventina. We trust you with our lives,” Quintus said.
“Thank you.”
Denise got the impression that Coventina was leaning heavily towards leaving with Quintus. Who could blame her after what happened to her and her family.
Anna was as yet undecided. She still had a large family connection, in hiding and safe, at least for now. Layla thought that when the time came, she would choose to follow Coventina and Odumnus. If that came to be, four out of the six would be opting to leave in a few days.
They could hear Aja & Lucius laughing quietly behind them as they walked back to the Mustang. Aja invited Lucius back to Paris with her. “It will be good to have one of them on hand to coordinate our plans,” she grinned when she told Denise.
Hey.
Yes, Denise said.
If these two get hitched, will they stay or will they go?”
Oh wow, that is a hard one to call. I’d say it would be a 50/50 chance.
I think you’re right.
Layla started singing, “Darling you got to let me know, Should I stay or should I go?”
“If you say that you are mine,” Denise joined in, “I’ll be here til the end of time.”
“So you got to let me know, Should I stay or should I go?”



57
Arles

Aja gazed at the face of Lucius lying in the bed next to her, waiting for his reaction when the morning sunlight seeping in through the window touched it. She found herself attracted to him in a way she had never been attracted to another human, and she had tried quite a few.
When the sunlight finally hit its unintended target, he stirred and opened his eyes slightly, then all the way when he saw Aja staring at him and giggling. “Your eyes are an even more beautiful brown kissed by the morning sun,” she said.
“As are your eyes,” he smiled.
“We’ve got a busy day planned since we are on a deadline,” she said.
“Yes, I know,” Lucius said, stroking her arm gently.
Are you up yet? the voice of Denise whispered in her head.
Almost.
Lots to do today.
I’ll call you shortly.
Well, it doesn’t have to be shortly.
It won’t be, she said, before rolling over to join Lucius in a morning lovemaking session.
“She’s up but,” Denise said.
“It’s kind of like a honeymoon rather than the morning after I think,” Layla smiled before taking a drink of her coffee.
“I think you’re right.”
Denise had just stepped out of the shower when her phone rang.
“Hey, I’ve been thinking,” Aja said.
“You are not leaving your apartment today right?”
“No silly. We have far too much to cover, but it is going to be a gorgeous day today. Why not go somewhere nice, and historic, and go over it all?”
“Sweet. Any place in particular?”
“Well, as this is kind of a Roman odyssey, how about going to visit something absolutely incredible?”
“In France?”
“Yes. Arles. I know it’s on the other side of the country, but that should not be a problem with your vehicle should it?”
“It’s a date. Don’t tell me what’s there. Surprise me.”
“Great.”
“Come down when you’re ready.”
Layla turned off the faucet after finishing the breakfast dishes. “What’s up?”
“Road trip,” Denise said, pouring a cup of coffee.
“All road, or?”
“Probably both. Arles. It’s on the other side of the country.”
“I know where it is. I’ll lay in coordinates when we get started.”
“That far?”
“Well, we are on a deadline after all.”
“Yes, that’s true,” Denise sighed.
They headed south out of Paris and slipped into stealth when Layla saw they could do so unnoticed. She had the coordinates laid in and the Mustang rose into the air and wisped them on their way. She touched down on the A7 just outside the town of Portes-de-Valence. “Seems a shame to not see some of this beautiful country from the ground no?”
“No complaints here,” Denise smiled.
“I’ve a small confession to make,” Aja said.
“I pardon you, whatever it is,” Denise giggled.
“I own a small farmhouse, not far from here, near Aubunel.”
“Uhm, hmmmm,” Denise and Layla chimed.
“No silly, that’s not the reason I suggested coming here, well not the only one anyway,” Aja said, grinning at Lucius. “Where we are going in Arles is simply one of the most amazing remaining structures built by Rome.”
“Sweet.”
As the Mustang crossed a bridge over the Rhone River, the very first structure they saw was the remnants of a Roman building. They followed the Boulevard into the city per Aja’s instructions. “It is not very far, just ahead actually,” she said.
Layla found a parking spot a stones throw from the Arles Amphitheater, built by Romans during the reign of Augustus Caesar.
“It’s used for bullfights now, but not the kind where they kill the bull, and concerts,” Aja said as they walked towards the structure, now more than 2,000 years old.
“Far worse has happened in this arena,” Lucius said. He seemed to be beaming with pride as they marveled at the construction technique.
“Come on, I know a way in,” Aja grinned, taking Lucius by the hand. She guided them through a doorway near some construction being done on the outside of the amphitheater.
“You know, you’re countrymen achieved so much Lucius,” Denise said.
“Really. Would this place be anything like it is today had you not settled here?” Layla asked.
“This was settled and built long before I was born,” Lucius said.
“Your legion marched with Caesar in this country?” Aja smiled.
“Yes. Our Legion did march, and fight, and die with Julius Caesar, as well as his heir who was emperor when this was constructed.”
Denise could see that Aja was really falling for Lucius. She had known her most of her life, known her as the brilliant but distant dear friend that she was. She could not remember anyone being in her life before this that had such an effect on her.
“This planet is still a very brutal place Lucius. Rome was a pretty brutal empire during an even more brutal period. I hate to think where we’d all be today without it all having ever existed,” Layla smiled.
Denise wondered just how much brutality would be needed of her and her friends to finally put to rest the brutality that entered their lives unwillingly. It is unavoidable.
Once inside they rested their bottoms on seats that were more than 2,000 years old. There was a shared silence when they did. On the floor of the arena a dance troupe was working on a dance routine.
“Imagine what it was like back then?” Layla said.
“It was as highly charged as some of the sport I have seen on the television celebrated now. Of course, nobody dies now unless it is an accident,” Lucius said.
“See, we are getting better as a species,” Denise said.
They did not go into great detail yet, so for nearly an hour they started laying out their plans with Lucius, in hopes that he would take it to the others as a primer. Since time was of the essence, they would have to act very soon.
“We will bring everyone to France for the final preparation,” Denise said.
“May I recommend the farmhouse rather than the city?” Aja said.
“Is it large enough?”
“Come. This place isn’t going anywhere. Let me show you. We can have lunch.”
“Not before we at least seen the famous Van Gogh café,” Denise said.
“Absolument.”



58
Farmhouse

“It’s dirt roads from here, turn right at the next one,” Aja said.
“This must get a little sloppy when it rains hard,” Layla said.
“One of the reasons I would love to own a vehicle like this. It’s just over a mile with all the curves.”
“It’s a very beautiful region,” Denise said.
“Take the first right, then the first quick short left, then the next right, and then left.”
“Right, left, right left. Got it,” Layla giggled.
“Must be real fun when it’s raining a lot, and dark,” Denise said.
“Are you quite sure you would not allow reverse engineering on this baby exclusively to moi?” Aja grinned.
“Perhaps, some day.”
They twisted and turned down the dirt road, surrounded on all sides by foliage.
“AC darling, those are vineyards I see past the tree line are they not?” Denise said.
“They are indeed my Virgo friend.”
“Little analytical me.”
“Looks like they’re everywhere,” Layla said, as she saw what looked like a clearing ahead.
“One more left Layla.”
She turned the Mustang left and headed up that road to reveal two multi-story buildings.
“Welcome to Echappee Belle.”
“Oh my, those are very old,” Denise said.
“They are over three hundred years old,” Aja smiled.
Layla parked the Mustang between the two buildings.
“Aja darling, this is more than an old farm,” Denise giggled.
“Not all of it is mine. Over there, on the other side of those taller trees, that belongs to Maurice.
“And every other direction?”
“Mine, at least for oh, roughly 600 acres.”
“Six hundred acres. Honey that has got to be everything between here and the paved road,” Layla said.
“It is. Come on. Let me show you inside.”
They walked over to the large structure first. “I’ve been wanting to do something with the condition of the vines, but that would require hiring someone and you know how I love my privacy,” Aja said.
“You could grow food instead,” Layla said.
Aja opened the door to reveal a space that had at some point been gutted except for the large support timber beams that were stained a dark brown, and the support walls that were made up of different sizes and shapes of stone. The walls put in place to separate the kitchen from the main room were all white. A dark wood stairway led up to a loft where the bedroom was.
“This is a good structure,” Lucius said, tapping on the stone wall.
“I thought you might be able to appreciate its construction,” Aja smiled.
“Really nice. Might be kinda tight with a crowd the size of ours,” Denise said.
“Come on, let me show you. I think we’ll all fit.”
We’ll all fit. Hmmm.
Yes. I caught that too, Layla said.
Aja led them to the other building. It too was constructed from the same materials. “It must have been a guest house, or it could have been for the help. I thought perhaps it might be too nice for the help. I did some minor remodeling.”
She opened the door to reveal a large furnished room, one large room only, with a loft built above it the same size except for the stairway leading up to it. “There used to be a very old kitchen in here. I turned that into a bathroom. The rest is just space. We could easily fit six queen size futons in here don’t you think?”
“Aja, it is magnificent,” Denise said.
“So all cooking is done in the main building?” Layla said.
“Yes. Speaking of cooking, is anyone hungry?”
“You have food here?”
“No, not here, somewhere else.”
“Okay, but the futons are my treat, I insist,” Denise said.
“If that pleases you.”
Aja and Lucius locked both places up as Denise and Layla leaned against the Mustang.
“This will be better than the city,” Layla said.
“Yes. Let’s get them here tomorrow. So little time.”
“Yes.”
“One cannot come to France without trying at least one of their magnificent crepes,” Aja said, as Layla steered the Mustang back towards the paved highway.
“Is it in the neighborhood?” Denise asked.
“Well, it’s about an hours drive through some beautiful country, and it is on the way home, in Aubenas.”
“Aubenas, got it,” Layla said as Denise looked for the coordinates on her iPhone.
Let’s drive there. I need to think, Denise said.
Okay baby, Layla said.
Their journey took them over two lane roads, a four-lane highway, then back to two lane roads that took them into Aubenas. Along the way the women listened as, at the request of Aja, Lucius gave them an idea of what life was like with the Ninth Legion.
“When on a campaign, there was rarely a moments rest. Everyone worked together, at times feverishly, because we knew it would give us all a better chance for survival.” He went on to explain the multitude of duties they all learned, from building and design to cooking. “Sentry duty was rather dull, or it was never a dull moment. It all depended on where the legion was, what were its orders. A lot of work went into setting up any camp for a legion. Some would be assigned to dig trenches, others to build palisades, some to set up tents, and all of this after at times marching 20-30 miles.”
“Dig trenches huh? That must have taken a long time,” Layla said.
“No one liked doing it, but it was necessary. With several thousand men digging to get it over with, surprisingly it only took a few hours.”
“What about when you weren’t, you know, campaigning?” Aja smiled wickedly.
“Oh, well, if we were lucky, we would be stationed at permanent forts, as we were at Eboracum. There we had duties but they were not as intense and did not cover every hour of the day as they did when in camp.”
“What did you do to entertain yourselves?” Denise asked.
“Well, ahem, you know, what men usually do with free time on their hands.”
“Gambling?” Layla asked.
“Yes gambling, as my dice confirm.”
“Drinking?” Denise asked.
“Yes, there was always drinking.”
“Love? Did you find time for love?” Aja smiled.
“Oh yes. Our being here is clear evidence of that. We were not permitted to marry. Many of us found someone among the population that always seemed to settle near our permanent forts. Considering all we are dealing with now, it is rather embarrassing to admit that frequenting brothels was a daily occurrence for many.”
“Brothels?”
“Were the women free or slaves that worked in these brothels?” Layla asked.
“I believe most of the women were slaves. Many were freedwomen. Being a slave in Rome, you were considered property, and your owner could employ you as a prostitute. Many however, were self-employed and would take you to a rented room.”
“It simply does not seem as sinister somehow, compared to what happened to Coventina and the others,” Aja said.
“I do not believe it was,” Lucius said quietly.
“Hey, there it is, Creperie Janette,” Aja said.
“When we are through here, there is a place back in Paris we must visit today, before they close at eight p.m.,” Denise said.
“Futons?”
“Futons.”
“You’re going to love the food here,” Aja said, stretching with her arms in the air once they got out of the car.
Lucius watched her and smiled. “I’ve never had a crepe.”
“Don’t worry, you’re going to love them.”
They dined on a variety of crepes. Crepes with chicken, roasted tomatoes and goat cheese, crepes with creamed spinach in a buttery cream sauce. Those that included chicken seemed to be the most popular.
After their delicious meal, when their bellies were full, Layla flew them back to the outskirts of Paris, and on to The Futon Factory, that sense of urgency once again dominating the moment.



59
Futons

Denise was certainly happy and grateful for a car like the Mustang that could fly, very fast. Thank you, thank you, thank you, for like the thousandth time, she thought. I hope some day my thoughts reach you again Nola.
After arriving in Paris and stopping to purchase six queen size futons that Denise insisted had to be delivered by noon the following day, they stopped at Aja’s apartments so she could pick up all she needed to continue working. They then stopped at a Food Market and purchased enough food to feed a small army. With the car loaded up, Layla piloted them back to the farmhouse. When the time came for them to act, Aja, Denise and Layla would have to be back in Paris.
“You have the run of the place,” Aja said. “Whatever you need, don’t bother to knock.”
“Probably won’t need much ‘til morning,” Denise winked. She had a bag of coffee in her bag and Layla had a coffee maker in the canvas shopping bag she was carrying. No kitchen needed to make coffee.
“All that driving makes me sleepy,” Layla sighed through a yawn, stretching as she did. “Think I’m going to call it a night,” she said with a wink.
“Sweet dreams,” Aja said.
“Quiet night,” Denise and Layla chimed together.
Hopefully not that quiet, Aja said.
Yes. I hope we don’t keep you up, Layla giggled.
Denise was happy not only to have a connection for her iPhone being far out in the country, she was very happy they had high-speed Internet service in both buildings. Aja had a satellite connection for the Internet service and the television she undoubtedly rarely watched. She rang up Lucilla.
“What time is it there?” Denise asked.
“Little after one in the afternoon. You sound tired,” Lucilla said.
“It’s been a long day. I am going to make arrangements for you to be brought here, tomorrow, before sunset.”
“Where is here?”
“Same here I told you about. How are things going?”
“Well, except for a heated exchange between Anna and Diana, okay.”
“Heated exchange?”
“Yes. Nothing serious, I don’t think. She thinks Anna and Coventina are being selfish, for, you know, wanting to, you know.”
“I think I know,” Denise laughed. “Can you leave the van there or are you going to take it back to where you picked it up?”
“They want to see Vegas. So, in lieu of how our plans have changed, I will suggest we leave as soon as possible.”
“Do you have help driving?”
“I’ll be okay. I will let you know where we wind up, but we already have a pickup plan in place for Vegas.
“I will mention that when I speak with them.”
“Until tomorrow.”
“Yes. Quiet night.”
“I hope so,” Lucilla laughed before hanging up.
“Why so glum?” Layla asked upon returning from the bathroom.
“Some arguing. Diana and Anna.”
“Understandable.”
“Really?”
“Well, put yourself in her place. She has found someone to love and protect her; after all she was put through. She does not want to risk losing him, especially since they have already planned to leave.”
“Yes. I suppose I would be upset if you were being put at risk under similar circumstances. There is however, the lives they will all be leaving behind that are innocent and will eventually fall victim to the scumbags in a similar fashion as Coventina’s family.”
“Or worse.”
“They’ll get over it. They had better if Coventina and Anna decide to leave because it is a long trip to be around each other if they do not.”
“Come here,” Layla said.
Denise walked over to the couch and sat down next to her. “Yes?”
“Let’s forget about everything but each other until the morning.”
“Yes.”
The morning came too fast to suit all of them. Soon the smell of coffee brewing in both buildings filled the fragrant country morning air. In Las Vegas, they had turned in the van rental, and decided to spend the entire time taking in the sites and gambling until sunrise. Marcus was the big winner at $3,000.00, followed by Anna at $498.00. It seemed that she and Diana had already made up. Actually, Lucilla marveled at the ease with which this group of misfits in our time adapted to all the changes they were being put through. She was certain they would all be happy when this madness was all behind them.
If we all survive, Denise thought, being able to somehow pick up Lucilla’s thoughts from so far away.
Denise’s phone rang again. It was Aja. “Breakfast is on. Fifteen minutes okay?”
“Yes.”
They got dressed and walked over to the main building. It was a beautiful morning, and promised to remain so throughout the day.
“Lucius suggested a classic American breakfast,” Layla said.
“Great. Need help with anything?”
“You can pour the coffee if you like.”
“Smells delish,” Layla said.
“Thanks. I’m not the cook Denise is, but I can make a decent breakfast.”
“I’m starving,” Denise smiled.
“Lucius, do you like breakfast now, in this time period?” Layla asked.
“I love all the food I have tasted since arriving.”
“These eggs have a delish different touch.”
“I discovered it making French toast. I add some milk and cinnamon to them.”
“Nice contrast to the sausages,” Layla said.
Lucius just listened to the three beautiful women speaking about breakfast and smiled through his meal. Men need to be near women, all the time, he thought. Something our lives as legionnaires gravely missed out on.
The futons arrived minutes before noon. Everyone spent time setting them up in a way that afforded couples the most privacy. Aja did not know that Denise had told them to include room dividers on the order. A nice touch don’t you think? Denise asked.
Very nice touch indeed. Layla said.
They are a nice touch, Aja said. That was very sweet of you.
Well, I am the nicest person I know, Denise giggled in thought, knowing that the days ahead might be devoid of much humor.



60
A Plan

It was nearly five in the afternoon when ten humans walked out of the woods towards the farmhouse. Layla was the first to notice them. Denise of course knew they were there the moment they arrived. It was like her ability to read the minds of others had reached a new level.
“They all look happy,” Layla said.
“Vegas has a way of doing that I hear.”
Aja and Lucius greeted them in the yard and directed them to the building that had been set up for their stay.
“Vineyards,” Marcus smiled.
“Yes. I’m afraid they are in horrible shape though,” Aja said.
“Hello everyone,” Denise said, entering the guesthouse.
They all shared greetings before she pulled Quintus aside. “I need to meet with you tonight. It is not necessary that all of you be at this meeting, but it would be a good idea to have another legionnaire present.”
“Of course. Have you decided on a time and place?”
“Here, of course, and since it promises to be a clear night, how about under the stars?”
“Of course. I will bring Marcus with.”
“Good choice, since Lucilla must be present as well. Now let me get out of your way so you can get situated.”
“Have you eaten today?” Aja asked.
“I’d bet some of us could use a snack,” Anna smiled.
“Great. I’ve a refrigerator and pantry full of food so please, feel free to stop over and prepare whatever you choose from the available selection of goodies.”
“Thank you.”
“Where are you going?” Aja asked.
“For some wine,” Denise laughed.
“I thought we forgot something. Arles is closest.”
“That was the plan. We will be back shortly.”
“I think their version of a supermarket might be best,” Layla said.
“Leclerc.”
“Oui.”
Layla zipped down the two-lane highways back to Arles where they went directly to Leclerc.
“What’s for dinner?” a female salesperson asked in reply to Denise’s question about what wine to choose.
“No dinner. It’s just a gathering of friends, you know, like a yard party under the stars.”
“They are Italian and probably used to traditional old world Italian wine,” Layla smiled.
“Well then how about an Italian wine?”
“Sounds good. I am happy to see you sell Italian wine here in the heart of France’s wine country,” Denise said.
“You cannot go wrong with Sangiovese. I’m sure they’ll love it.”
“Great. How many bottles in a case?”
“Most have six bottles,” the young woman said.
“Do you have six cases?”
“Yes, but I will have to mix brands, four of one and two of another. They are both very good, very comparable.”
“Fine. We’ll be right back with a cart.”
They purchased the wine, loaded up the car, and headed back.
“Do you really think this plan is going to work?” Layla said.
“It can. I am concerned about how much violence will be required though?”
“Don’t think it can be accomplished without it?”
“We’re not dealing with compassionate, understanding people here, so no, I don’t think that is a possibility.”
“Well, we are definitely going to piss them off, and these people do not seem to show mercy when angered or crossed.”
“Then neither shall we,” Denise said in a whisper, gazing out the window at night falling on the landscape.
By the time they returned, Aja had chairs and a table set up in the yard, along with a torch on the tip of wooden pole, “To keep the bugs away,” Lucius put it. It looked as though it had been fashioned just in the time they were gone.
“I hope you like the wine we purchased,” Denise said.
“Well, nothing is going to compare exactly to the wine of Ancient Rome,” Lucilla smiled.
“It will undoubtedly be better, like everything else we have experienced,” Marcus said upon returning from carrying two cases of wine into the house.
“So what is everyone else doing?” Denise asked.
“Somehow I don’t think they will be playing Backgammon on such a gorgeous night,” Lucilla laughed. “I saw a few of them disappear into the night with blankets and a bottles of wine.”
“Sounds nice,” Layla giggled.
In short order everyone was seated, glass of wine in hand.
Denise had Aja begin by giving a brief description of what she would do to initiate the plan. Surprisingly, Quintus, Marcus and Lucius easily grasped it all.
“That is going to get their attention,” Lucilla said.
“Precisely what we want it to do. It is one sure way of commanding their utter attention,” Denise said.
“Where do we come in?” Quintus asked.
“It would be foolish to think they are all going to listen and adhere to our demands. When the dust settles, those left standing may need to be dealt with personally. That is where you will come in,” Layla said.
“And you believe this can be accomplished before the time comes for those of us who have chosen to do so must leave?” Marcus said.
“It has already begun,” Aja said. “We have spent this day putting the wheels in motion. There are some people in Rome who are going to be very, very angry when they wake up in the morning.”
“Spend this day training,” Denise said directly to Quintus and the others.
“We will plan according to Layla’s information,” Quintus said.
“I will need to meet in private with Coventina and Anna tonight.” Denise said.
“They are in the house waiting for you,” Aja said.
“Now, who would like another glass of wine,” Lucius laughed.



61
British Ladies

Denise went into the house alone, where Anna and Coventina sat in the living room watching a movie.
“What are you watching, the music is fabulous?” Denise asked.
“It’s called Room in Rome,” Coventina smiled.
“Interesting,” Denise said, noticing two women on a bed together nude.
“It’s a beautiful movie,” Anna smiled.
“Yes, they are,” Denise giggled.
“Would you care for some wine?” Anna asked.
“I believe I will have another glass. That salesperson was right, it is good.”
Anna returned from the kitchen with her glass of wine.
“I understand things are about to, heat up if you will,” Coventina said.
“It’s already begun. Tomorrow it will be necessary for us to be in Paris for most of the day.”
“Paris. I’ve never been to Paris,” Anna sighed.
“Have either of you decided on what you will do, you know, when the time comes to stay or go?”
“If we survive this, I am leaving with Quintus,” Coventina said.
Anna shook her head and began to cry. “I cannot leave without knowing my family is safe.”
“And if I assured you they would be?” Denise asked.
“I would not hesitate to go. I don’t know how I could stay all things considered,” she said, reaching for Coventina’s hand.
“Well then ladies, I suggest you start making your preparations to depart.”
Denise explained what she was already doing to have Anna’s family secretly relocated like those in a witness protection program, only better. This would completely set them up anew in total secrecy ala AC, in America.
“I hope they will go for relocating,” Anna said.
“They already have,” Denise said. “Tomorrow they will be on their way to the United States where they will have a friend take them under wing to get them situated.”
“I must be able to see them before,” Anna’s voice trailed off.
“You shall.”
“Denise, will Quintus be in danger throughout this?” Coventina asked.
“There is some degree of danger for each of us in every waking moment,” Denise said.
“That is true.”
“That said, it is an imperfect world, and these are extremely imperfect individuals. We shall prepare for the worst, and hope for the best.”
“When I was a little girl, I believe I saw this all coming. I cannot explain it exactly, because I did not know what it actually was,” Coventina said. “Somehow, I have known that my life would change dramatically. So you see, I think it might be easier for me to be adjusting to all this, because I’ve been expecting it.”
“When I was young, I knew something amazing was out there, headed straight for me,” Denise said. She went on to explain all she and Layla had been through finding the kidnapped crewmembers of the Tyrine.
“You’re like angels,” Anna said.
“Oh, we’re no angels,” Denise laughed.
“What can we do to help?” Coventina asked.
“We have something very important for the two of you, and Diana and Maria to do.”
“But of course Denise.”
“Now, let’s enjoy the rest of this glorious night. Come on, there is a gorgeous star filled sky tonight,” Denise smiled.
Her eyes were attracted to the television screen, where the two women in the movie had moved to the balcony, as the sun came up over the view of Rome from their room.
The morning is going to bring us a very busy day, she thought, very busy indeed.



62
Roman Morning

The sky was awash with magnificent shades of yellow, orange, blue and grey, the few puffy clouds east of the city framing the rising sun on the blazing horizon. It promised to be a beautiful summer day in Rome.
Rosina Stucco, who had a hard time sleeping at all, was the first to notice that she was no longer a rich woman. She stared in disbelief at the computer screen that showed a $100.47 balance in her offshore account. That disbelief turned into an onslaught of ideas about how this could be possible, which quickly gave way to rage.
“Rosina knows,” Aja said before taking another sip of her coffee.
“Let the games begin,” Layla smiled.
“Action!” Denise said.
It wasn’t long before she was banging on the door of Aaron Surdul, one of her partners in crime.
“What is it, what’s wrong?” he shouted through the intercom.
“Let me the fuck in goddammit, we have to talk.”
“Stop beating on the door, I’ll be right down. Fuck.”
Aaron walked towards the front door slowly, pistol in hand. He always felt uneasy around Rosina. “What could this psycho want?” he whispered to himself. He moved a drape slightly and peeked out to the window to make sure she was alone, before unlocking and opening the door.
“Rosina, what is it, why are you so upset?”
“A gun. You greet me with a gun? Perhaps I should be pointing a gun at you,” she said between clenched teeth, walking right in without an invitation. After locking the door Aaron turned to see a pistol in her hands pointing at him.
“Fuck Rosina, put that fucking thing away and tell me why you are so fucking upset would you?”
“I want you to get online NOW and check your offshore account,” she demanded.
“Okay. I don’t have a problem with that, but can you tell me why and will you PLEASE put that fucking gun away?”
She lowered the Baretta 92 and it disappeared unto the folds of her jacket.
“Now. Please get online and check your account.”
He walked over to a table his laptop was on. “Have a seat, over there.”
She did as he asked, staring at him impatiently.
“You better have a good explanation for this Rosina, I just got in a few hours ago and I am beat.”
Aaron logged in to his account. When he looked at his balance his stomach felt like he had been kicked in it, his heart beating so fast it felt like it would pop out of his chest. “Cosa succeed se il cazzo é questo?”
“Tell me Aaron, TELL ME WHAT YOU SEE,” Rosina shouted.
“What the fuck is this Rosina?”
“Tell me, or show me what the fuck you see,” she insisted.
He turned the laptop screen towards her to reveal a balance of $127.65.
“Well, you’re about thirty dollars richer than I am this morning,” she sighed. “Get dressed. We have a few stops to make.”
Aaron returned from his bedroom buttoning his black shirt. “I’m going to have to eat first,” he said.
“How the fuck can you think about food at a time like this?”
“I’m hungry that’s how, and I need some coffee.”
Rosina sped down the cobblestone streets behind the wheel of her Black Fiat 500 before jamming on the brakes in front of a McDonald’s. She liked the Fiat because it was small and fast, and that made it easy to zip in and out of traffic on the tiny Roman streets. She also thought it looked like a bullet coming at you. “There is nowhere to park. Run in and get your shit.”
“McDonald’s Rosina?
“Are you sure you can afford anything else this morning?”
“Do you want anything?”
She gave him an angry sneer. “Just coffee with six sugars. No, make that eight sugars.”
From there, they shot across town towards the home of Pietro Gugino.
“What do you think is going on?” Aaron asked between bites of his second Egg McMuffin.”
“It seems pretty clear someone has hacked our accounts and cleaned us out don’t you think?”
“But who, why? Who would dare fuck with us?”
“If you ask me it is someone we know.”



63
Gay Paris

“I am going to get started on these packages,” Layla said.
“I’ll be there in a minute to help you,” Denise said.
“Don’t forget the gloves. Make sure you wear them at all times when handling anything going out today,” Aja said.
“What are they up to?”
Aja turned from her table full of computers. “My guess is their next stop will be good old Pietro, simply because he is closest, and Rosina is so very impatient.”
Denise walked over to a table on the other side of the room full of documents. They began organizing them in the way Aja has told them to, so they would have the maximum impact on the viewer when opened.
So far so good,” Denise said after getting the packages together with Layla.
“They have just gotten to Pietro. Looks like someone needed breakfast before meeting this maniac.”
“I’m going to run down and have a shower,” Denise said.
“Me too,” Layla grinned.
“You’ll be fine for about ten minutes?” Denise asked.
Aja simply looked at her and smiled.
When they returned from their shower, Aja updated them.
“They’ve been in there a long time.”
“Will we need to put names on these packages?”
“I have the labels printed. Be sure to wear those gloves if you touch them up until the time they are delivered.”
Denise put on the gloves and labeled the twelve packages sitting on the table. Layla then helped her load them into two large canvas shopping bags.
“They are leaving.”
“How do you do this AC? Do you have your own satellite up there?”
“Haa. No love. It just comes to me. It’s my karma.”
Layla poured each of them another cup of coffee as they went over the events that would make the next 24 hours intense to put it mildly.
When Aja was convinced that they were on their way out of Rome she handed each of them the phones they were to use until it was all over. “They are heading south, and you know what that means. It will take them nearly two hours to get there.”
“So we can leave soon?” Layla asked.
“Anytime you like.”
“Well, not until I’ve finished this fabulous cup of coffee,” Denise grinned.



64
Wake Up

“I don’t give a fuck if he just got in, or if he’s in the middle of a fucking blow job, WAKE UP,” Rosina screamed, banging on the front door with her fist and kicking it with her feet.
“Rosina, calm down, what the fuck is wrong?” Charles asked, turning to Aaron for an answer.
“It is of the utmost importance Charles. Why do you think I’m here?”
“Oh man, he’s gonna be pissed. Sammy?” he spoke into a radio.
“Yes?”
“Sammy come out here so I can go in and wake him up.”
“Are you fucking serious?”
“Yeah, come on out here, let me get this over with.”
“Sorry Rosina, but orders are orders,” Sammy said.
She looked up at him and sneered then started pacing back and forth like a caged animal.
Charles returned after a few minutes holding the left side of his face that looked like it was definitely going to bruise. “I need your weapons or you’re not going any further than here.”
Rosina gave him a fiery look that made him even uneasier if that was possible.
“I’m not carrying one, at the moment,” Aaron said, holding his hands up in the air.
Rosina walked back to the car, tossed her weapon on the front seat and locked it. She then allowed herself to be searched.
They were led into the building by Charles who told them to have a seat and wait.
“Sorry about your face,” Rosina said quietly.
“Don’t worry about it.”
Charles sat in a chair on the other side of the room, his weapon still in his hand.
Pietro came down the stairs wearing a short dark purple silk robe, slicking his black hair back. He looked around the room and walked up to Rosina. “If you weren’t so valuable to me, I would have told them to just shoot you in that insane head Rosina, what the fuck are you doing here?”
“Can we go somewhere private, somewhere with a computer?” she whispered.
He looked at Aaron to see him nodding in agreement.
“Come with me,” Pietro said.
He led them back to a room he was using as a study and turned on his computer.
“Okay, what is so important?”
Moments later Charles heard Pietro scream and banged on the door. “Are you alright, boss,” he shouted.
Sammy heard his scream outside in front of the house and stepped back inside to see what was happening.
“Is the car gassed up?” Pietro asked Charles walking towards the stairway that would take him back to his bedroom.
“I’ll see to it,” Charles said. He gave Sammy the keys to the Mercedes and told him to make sure the tank was full, start it and keep it running.
Rosina and Aaron walked back door. “We’ll be in the car,” Rosina said.
Charles got the door for her. “Rosina, what is going on?”
“I can’t tell you Charles.”
Before heading out the door, Pietro walked back to the study to turn off his computer. When he brought it out of sleep there was a message on the desktop screen. BEG FORGIVENESS OF THE WATER GODDESS



65
Special Delivery

“Ketchup and Mustard,” Layla laughed.
“Oh yeah. You’d never have to worry about getting those stains on these duds that’s for sure,” Denise giggled.
Layla had touched the Mustang down in Rome, changing the appearance to that of a Smart DHL Delivery Car.
“Who is first on the list?” she asked.
“Hmm, let me see. These first two are within blocks of each other,” Denise said, pointing to the map Aja printed out for them. “That would be Antonio Fortunato, then Gregory Babo.”
Layla took the map from Denise and entered the coordinates for each of the four stops they needed to make to deliver the packages Aja had them put together.
“Okay, I am going to be a brunette cause it goes better with these red and yellow uniforms,” Denise said.
“Really? I think I’m going to be a guy, with thick black wavy hair and bulging muscles,” Layla laughed.
“Oh, I feel safer already.”
They changed their appearance and Denise ran up and delivered the first two packages.
“Were they there?” Layla asked.
“One was, the other was on his way in. He hasn’t opened it yet. Coffee first. He’s likes coffee.”
“That’s comforting.”
Layla steered the Mustang across town to the next stop, the offices of Christina Rossellini. “Would you like me to run this one up?”
“You can if you like but it is not necessary.”
“Okay, then I will.”
“Just pull up over there.”
Layla parked the car, took the package Denise handed her and went inside the building to make the delivery.
Only one to go baby, what’s the delay?
I caught her on her way out. She had to unlock her office to put the package inside. We’re coming down.
Denise giggled when she saw Layla open the door for a tall slender woman with shoulder length wavy brown hair. Christina smiled at Denise when she walked past the vehicle.
“Enjoy the beautiful day,” Layla said in Italian before opening the door and getting inside.
“Do you have a date?” Denise grinned.
“Can we be nuns at the next stop?
“I guess we could if you like.”
“I’m thirsty.”
“Well there is a McDonald’s on every other corner. Stop and I will run in for some Mochas.”
Although Layla did not know it, she stopped at the same McDonald’s that Rosina had stopped at earlier that morning. Denise ran in and came back with two Mocha Lattes.
“Mmm, delizioso.”
“I don’t feel like scaling a twenty foot wall so we must head over to via delle Fornaci where we can park and stroll onto the grounds,” Denise said.
“Mmm, okay.”
“Great. It will give us time to finish these delicious lattes.”
Moving through the surprisingly light traffic that eventually led them around Vatican City, Layla turned on to via delle Fornaci where, about two blocks up the street, she saw someone leaving a spot where they parked.
“Angels. Obviously we must be in stealth to get where we need to go having to deal with one layer of security after another, but I think angel garb is in order don’t you think?” Denise said.
“I sure don’t feel like an angel,” Layla laughed. “And what, precisely, does an angel look like?”
“Like this,” Denise said, appearing in a spotless white gown with glowing golden hair. “Now you try.”
“Okay, but I’ve never been kissed by an angel before.”
“Sure you have baby,” Denise smiled before kissing her. When she opened her eyes, Layla looked exactly like she imagined herself to look. “Perfect, let’s go.”
They slipped out of the Mustang and made their way, in stealth, into Vatican City.
“It’s a beautiful morning for a stroll.” Denise said.
“You’ve made me realize I have a ‘thing’ for angels,” Layla smiled.
“Should we get a room in town?”
“Aja would never forgive us.”
They made their way back to the building that housed the offices of the Holy See, slipping through a few checkpoints with ease.
“It reminds me of a large, very expensive, campus,” Denise said.
“It is like a campus, but they don’t have the Shawnee.”
“Ah, the Shawnee,” Denise sighed, longing for some peace and the beauty of the place they called home.
When they finally made it to the office of Monsignor Frank Mazzelli, Denise gently knocked on the door three times.
The Monsignor opened the door and looked around, puzzled that he did not see anyone but a few familiar faces on the other end of the long hall. They came out of stealth catching him completely off guard, draped in flowing white gowns looking identical.
“Wh, where did you come from?” he asked.
The women of Rome need you, Denise whispered in his mind. Layla handed him the only package they did not wrap in DHL packaging. It was wrapped in a piece of white linen.
“Who are you?”
Help them, Denise again whispered before they disappeared from view, the thick package Layla handed to him still in his hands.
Okay, it doesn’t look like he’s going to pass out so let’s go.
Where to? Layla asked as they exited the building.
“Pizza. I think a good pizza before we head back to Paris.”
“Mmm, pizza,” Layla giggled.



66
Two Moons

Coventina lay with her head on the lap of Quintus, watching Maria and Diana practicing with wooden swords fashioned by Petilius. “We could all make formidable warriors,” she said.
“I believe you could. I’d rather you train to become one, and never find a reason to use what you’ve learned,” Quintus said, gently stroking her hair.
Lucilla, Marcus, Anna and Odumnus had gone shopping to try and find most of the items on a list they created that they wanted to take with them.
“How much is left that we must do?”
“Not much at all.”
“It is very beautiful here. How does this compare to the other world?”
“It is similar, but it has obvious differences that one quickly gets used to.”
“Like what?” Coventina asked, turning to face him.
“Well, the first thing you notice is the light is different. It seems a bit more diffused. The air is thick, and moist. Your first breaths are a bit labored, but quickly become accustomed to it. There are plants that you have never seen here, something very similar to grass. The sky fills with clouds at times. It rains. The night sky is filled with a very different view of the heavens. There are two moons.”
“Two moons? How romantic.”
“Yes, I believe it could be.”
“Why do you think that is? Why is the moon so romantic?”
“It is the witness of all love stories. She is a goddess, forever embraced by her lover, the Sun. When we are separated from those we love, it brings comfort knowing that they are looking at the same moon we look at. It’s energies flow and ebb much like our own.”
“For most, night is the sexy time of day. It lights the night with a seductive ambience. You can feel it even if you are not outdoors. I am at my best, my most productive and creative, during a crescent moon.”
“It is also an all too real concern for warriors. Some leaders only wanted to fight during certain phases of the moon.”
“Strategic or superstitious?”
“Both really, but I would say more for superstitious reasons.”
“And what will the moon be tomorrow night?”
“Decrescente Nonas.”
“A Waning Gibbous,” Coventina smiled. “A good time for letting go, clearing away, cleansing, releasing.” She paused to kiss Quintus deeply. “A time for undoing bindings, untying all problem knots, for making space.”
“I love you Coventina.”
“Come on,” she grinned, standing up and pulling on his hand until neither was still on the blanket. She reached down for the blanket and threw it over her shoulder. “It’s our turn to go hide in the bushes.”



67
Vesuvius

Rosina was going insane behind the wheel following Pietro. He was driving far too slow for her if she was in a good mood. But her mood was anything but good. When she turned to look directly at Aaron, he could see the fire in her eyes right through the sunglasses she was wearing.
“I know it’s painful, but we will get to the bottom of everything,” Aaron said.
“What about that bitch in Spain?” Rosina mumbled, barely moving her mouth.
“Who, Ines? I don’t think so?”
“She is a slippery bitch, how do you think she got as rich as she is.”
“She would be crazy to cross Pietro, and especially Mario.”
“I still say we pay her a visit.”
“That is not for us to decide Rosina.”
“We shall see.”
They finally pulled up to the iron gate that surrounded Mario Mabille’s compound, a lush sprawling property with one very large white villa, two large guest houses, a residence for his bodyguards and a large swimming pool alongside a tennis court. Mount Vesuvius loomed on the horizon to the east.
“Nice place in a nice neighborhood, but a couple thousand years ago living here, he would have been toast when that erupted,” Aaron said, pointing to the volcano.
The gate finally opened. Four men armed with automatic weapons greeted them.
“Mr. Gugino, Mr. Surdul, Miss Stucco, I have to make sure you are not armed before you can go any further,” Gino said.
They all allowed themselves to be frisked before Gino and one of the other men took them back to the pool area.
“Would you like something to eat, or drink?” Gino asked.
“Coffee,” Pietro said.
“Scotch for me with a lot of ice,” Aaron said.
“Water,” Rosina said. Her facial expression was not a smile, but it was no longer a sneer.
Mario joined them, a middle aged man with greying hair combed back, round sunglasses resting on his long straight nose that seemed to point to the grey beard and hair on his sun tanned chest, clearly visible through his half unbuttoned white shirt.
“If you are here without an invitation, I am already aware of the fact this must be something important,” Mario said.
Rosina was about to speak when Aaron stopped her.
“We are going to need some privacy, and a computer Mario,” Pietro said.
“Gino.”
“Yes.”
“Bring one of the guest laptops. Make sure it does not have a dead battery.”
Rosina was using all of her will power to keep from exploding, but she dare not anger or insult Mario. Many who did never lived to talk about it.
“Are you sure you don’t want something to eat?” Mario asked.
No one could think of food at the moment.
Gino returned with a Toshiba laptop and placed it in front of Mario.
“Okay, what is so important?” he asked, opening the computer.
Rosina waited for Gino to be out of hearing range. “Log into your offshore account.”
“Which one,” he grinned.
“Take your pick.”
Aaron was getting nervous now that Rosina was being asked to talk. After a few moments, he could tell by the look on their faces that Mario too was looking at something very disturbing.
“Is this some kind of fucking joke?” he asked, motioning for Gino to come over. He summoned two others before doing so, their weapons trained on the three visitors.
“I was hoping you could tell me,” Rosina said.
“What is that supposed to mean?”
“I was the first to discover this, then Aaron, then Pietro and now you.”
“Somebody is playing us but who would have the balls?” Pietro sneered.
Before Mario’s eyes, above the browser screen still open to the page that showed his new balance as $660.06, appeared this message. WHAT WAS YOUR’S IS NOW MINE – THE WATER GODDESS
“Water Goddess? Is it that bitch in Spain?”
“The thought did enter my head,” Rosina said.
“Do we have your permission to go and question her?” Pietro asked.
Mario stared past them at the view of Mount Vesuvius for what wasn’t more than a minute, but seemed like an eternity to them. He was about to speak when the phone ringing in his shirt pocket startled him.
“Speaking of the devil,” he said quietly before answering it.
“Wait a minute Ines, slow down and start all over again,” he said, and then switched the speaker on.
“I said everything is gone. Everything do you understand?” Ines shouted.
“Don’t talk on the phone. Can you come here today?”
“There? Why?”
“Because the same has happened here.”
There was silence on the other end for a moment.
“Are you there?” Mario asked.
“Wait a minute. There is more. There is a message.”
“Is it from the Water Goddess?”
“Yes, but how did you?”
“We got one too. What does it say?”
Ines read it to him. YOU HAVE DEEPLY OFFENDED THE WATER GODDESS
“Get here as fast as you can,” Mario said.
“I will leave right away.”
“Did any of you receive some fucking Water Goddess message?”
“I did,” Pietro said. “It said Beg forgiveness of the Water Goddess.”
“What about you two?” Mario asked.
“With your permission I will get our computers out of the trunk and check,” Rosina said.
Mario nodded his approval. She walked out to her car and returned with Aaron’s laptop and hers.
Aaron started his computer to see this message. YOU MAY BE FORGIVEN – THE WATER GODDESS
Rosina started up her computer. “It’s just fine with me bitch, whoever you are?”
She turned the computer for the others to read the message. YOUR LIFE IS MINE – THE WATER GODDESS



68
Water Goddess

“She insists on being with us when the time comes. I cannot and will not try to change her mind,” Quintus said.
Denise looked at him, sighed, and said, “Okay.”
They had returned to the farmhouse after wrapping up what needed to be done in Paris.
“Well, she has sure learned how to wield a Gladius,” Layla said, turning her head from Quintus to Coventina practicing her swordplay with Odumnus in the yard under torchlight.
“Yes. We did not spend the entire day on a blanket in the bushes,” Quintus laughed.
“I’ve been conversing with Mys. They have shield medallions for the women that function like yours do,” Denise said.
“Hey. You said you were hungry. Come on in and eat,” Aja shouted from the doorway.
“Be right there.”
“Quintus. Early tomorrow morning, Layla and I are going upstairs to meet with Mys and the others. Is there anything you need?”
“They should have a package for me as well as the medallions. There is nothing else for now.”
“Great. Come on baby, my stomach is growling.”
Midway through their microwaved lasagna Coventina joined them at the table.
“You’re quite good with that Gladius,” Layla smiled.
“I hope to only have to use it once,” Coventina said quietly.
“I’m going to get you up very early tomorrow,” Denise said. Coventina had asked that she be able to create the message they would send the wretches who turned her life upside down and not Denise using her medallion to pose as her.
“I will be ready whenever you need me.”
“We are still undecided as to where to lure them when the time comes, and I am sure there will be a lot of ‘them’.
“What would be needed?” Coventina asked.
“A remote place, easy to find, easy to reach, that we could use to our advantage. It must be out of the public eye.”
“This is not bad for packaged lasagna,” Layla laughed.
“It is edible, but you really cannot beat lasagna made from scratch,” Denise grinned.
“I have not tasted a better lasagna than your lasagna Denise,” Aja said. “One day I will try to make your sauce, for starters.”
“It is so easy to make darling. When this is over I will coach you through it, and leave you a few gallons.”
“Denise. Can this place be in the UK?” Coventina asked.
“We would prefer to not have it on their turf, but it might get very messy,” Layla said.
“There is a farmhouse. It belonged to my great grandfather who handed it down to his daughter and then to my mother.” She paused for a moment to compose her self. “It is in Northumberland, Sewing Shields. I used to love going there during the summer when I was young. It is very near Hadrian’s Wall and Mithra’s Temple.”
“We shall find time to visit it tomorrow morning then,” Denise said.
“Denise.”
“Yes.”
“It is also very near Coventina’s Well.”
“It is sounding better by the moment,” Layla smiled.
“Now, for the morning’s shoot. It is important we be near water. Aja has shown me a few places near here on the map we can use,” Denise said.
“Why not do it when we get to Sewing Shields?” Coventina asked. “Broomlee Lough. It is an inland lake very near where we are going.”
Denise started checking something on her iPhone before she answered. First Google Maps, and then, the weather. “The forecast calls for a mild morning fog, but clear skies. It could be perfect.”
“Great, than it’s settled.”
“Not quite. It means we will need to get an earlier start than planned. I am going to have to let Mys know.”
“I will be ready,” Coventina smiled. She seemed happy to know that she would be back in the UK.
“Behold, the Water Goddess,” Layla grinned, spreading her arms out towards Coventina.
“Yes,” Denise whispered.



69
Sewing Shields

Aya and Mys joined Denise, Layla, Coventina and Quintus in the room they had dined and met in before. They collected them at the farmhouse and were now en route to the other farmhouse belonging to Coventina’s family.
Quintus, the items you require are in the package at the end of the table, Mys said.
“Thank you.”
Denise, these medallions are for all who have not yet received one.
Thank you. Thank all of you. Is there an instruction sheet?
The controls are rather simple. Quintus, please pay close attention, as there is a feature in your medallions you have not yet used. Coventina, if you would allow me.
Coventina walked over to where Mys seemed to be floating next to her seat. She handed a medallion to her and instructed her to place it around her neck. Using another medallion she showed them all how to activate the shield. Coventina followed her lead. Mys then showed them how to activate the stealth feature. When Coventina activated it she disappeared from view.
Would the rest of you activate your stealth feature?
They all did as asked and once again, Coventina was visible to them.
“Well that works a lot like ours,” Denise said, deactivating her medallion.
Your friends from the Tyrine are very innovative.
“How much time do we have?” Layla asked.
You have this day, and the following two before we must depart.
“Well then, we’ve a lot to cover then,” Denise smiled.
We have reached the coordinates you gave us.
They made their way back to the Mustang and got in. Not wanting to risk attracting attention to their destination, they were dropped a few miles away.
Layla steered them down highway B6318 heading west. She noticed a huge smile on Coventina’s face as she gazed out the window.
“Those are remnants of Hadrian’s Wall,” she said, pointing out the now shortened line of that wall built so long ago, seeming to press against the road they drove down before veering off in another direction.
“I know it was undoubtedly a horrible affront to your people, but it must have been an amazing feat and thing to behold when it was built,” Denise said.
“I am sure most Britons back then would agree with you, but I think the presence of the Romans and all they taught us and left us simply made us a better people.”
“You’re not the only one to ever think that.”
“Coming up on your left is a tiny turnoff you can miss if you blink that takes you past Coventina’s Well and back to Mithra’s Temple. There, that is it,” Coventina pointed out.
“I’ll stop back later. How far is the farmhouse?” Layla asked.
“Just a few kilometers up. It will be on the right.”
“It’s a perfect morning for what we came here to do,” Denise said, as the Mustang passed through dense patches of fog.
“Slow down and take the next right. Don’t worry. No one has lived in that house for years.”
Roughly a kilometer down the secondary road she had them slow so she could tell exactly where to turn in the thicker fog away from the road.
“Here. Yes, this is it. Turn left onto this dirt road. It is probably rather bumpy so take it slow.”
Layla pushed a few buttons and they were gliding just over the road’s surface.
“There, on the right, that’s it.”
Appearing out of the fog was a one level farmhouse, with a long building next to it that resembled what could have been a barn, or a stable.
“It’s a humble dwelling,” Coventina laughed. “Come on, let’s have a look inside.”
She got out of the Mustang and walked to a small stack of different shaped bricks to retrieve the key needed to open the door. Once inside, she opened the drapes on the few windows the old structure had.
“It is fabulous,” Denise said. “A little sprucing up and a fair amount of food is all we’ll need.”
“Well, we might need those futons,” Coventina laughed.
“How far is the nearest neighbor?” Layla asked.
“That I know of, but mind you I have not been here in a few years, no closer than three, maybe six kilometers.”
“We should bring everyone here, today, to settle in before dark.”
“Food, how far is a grocer?” Layla asked.
“That I will have to research,” Coventina laughed.
“Yes but first, let us get our work done at this lake,” Denise said.
“Back there, in that direction, you cannot tell with this fog, is the start of miles of forest.”
“Great. We love forests and live in one back home,” Layla said.
Coventina guided them down more dirt roads to Broomlee Laugh.
“Just say when, you’re the director,” Layla giggled.
“It’s a nice quiet morning. Pull up right over…there.”
They exited the car. Layla collected the tripod and camera from the trunk and followed them to the waters edge.
“Hadrian’s Wall is right up there,” Coventina said.
“I will rejoin you shortly,” Quintus said, as he walked up to the area she had pointed out.
Layla set up the camera. Coventina moved into place a few steps into the lake. Denise had asked her to speak from her heart after having earlier gone over the script, or gist of what she wanted the message to convey.
Quintus was mentally somewhere far removed from a message. He was thinking of the inevitable confrontation with those he felt compelled to pay back for their crimes against the love of his life and her family.
The morning sun broke though a break in some passing clouds, sending a beam of sunlight directly onto the lake that was the backdrop for Coventina’s message.
From where he stood, Quintus thought she looked like a goddess.



70
Rage

Rosina was speeding back to Rome, the sun setting through her driver side window. Aaron was asleep in the seat next to her. Mario had almost pleaded with her to stay with him as a guest, like Pietro and Ines agreed to do, until they could sort out what was happening. But she would not listen. She found it impossible to stay in one place when she was so angry, when she felt threatened, and she felt both, in droves. She knew that the stash of cash she had in a safe deposit box was all she had in the world, after so many years of hard work. Thinking about it just made her angrier. She wondered if anything more could happen to make things worse, and longed for the possibility of getting her hands on the Water Goddess, whoever she or he was.
When she finally made it back to Rome she decided to stop by one of the sex slave operations she profited from while Aaron was still half asleep. She could see the reflection of flashing lights before she got to the corner. She switched off her headlights and pulled up to the corner slowly. The operation was being raided. There were cops and SWAT teams in the street. Women were being carried out on stretchers or being helped if they could walk, to the waiting bus and ambulances.
“Aaron. AARON WAKE THE FUCK UP AND LOOK AT THIS!” she screamed.
“What the fuck Rosina, I was,” he started to say before he was cut off by her forcing his head to turn to the right and see what was happening. “Fuck.”
“Fuck is right. Let Pietro and Mario know. I am going to cruise past some of the other places.”
“They are going to be so fucking pissed.”
Rosina put the car in reverse and backed it up down the street to the next corner to avoid being seen. “We have to assume they know who we are, where we live, what we drive. Aargh, just let me get my hands on this bitch Water Goddess.”
“They want us to check out every operation and report back to Mario’s place, in person. He does not think we are going to be safe if we remain in Rome.”
On the way to two of the other sites that she would find were also in the midst of being raided, she passed by Aaron’s place. “Should I chance it?” he asked. They did not see any police outside of it.
“You’re call. They could be anywhere, waiting, they could be inside waiting for you already.”
“Yeah, you’re right. I am going to chance it. If I am not back down in two minutes leave without me.”
Rosina looked at her watch. “The clock is already ticking.”
Aaron simply walked up to the door and entered. Rosina could see light moving inside from a flashlight and put the car in gear. Just before the two-minute mark Aaron came running out with two large suitcases.
“Back seat. There is no room in the trunk for those big fucking things, what the fuck is in there?”
“Just some clothes in one, and some firepower in the other.”
“Firepower. Good.”
She drove the next few blocks with the lights off. Before they got to her place they passed a fourth site that was being raided. “I wonder if that bitch is being raided in Spain?” she asked.
Aaron did not answer.
 It was too late for her to retrieve anything from her place. There were two cars in front. The front door appeared to be resting on its side as if it had been battered in.
Rosina started cursing in Italian. Everything in her apartment was lost, unless she wanted to turn herself in and post some outrageous bail to see what was left. “If I get my hands on this Water Goddess I am going to,” she started to say when her phone rang. It was Ines. “What is it? Do you realize I can’t even get into my fucking place? It is being raided, just like everything else.” Rosina said.
“That is in part the reason I am calling. There is a gun battle raging outside my place in Spain. Check your email. I have sent you something.”
Rosina did as she asked and opened the email from her.
“Do you recognize that woman?” Ines asked.
Rosina looked at an image of Coventina with a small bruise on her face, no makeup, obviously taken by a Cel phone camera. “Yes, I do.”
“This is our Water Goddess. Put it all together. It has to be her.”
“We murdered her family, and missed her.”
“It is, I just know it is.”
“So who is helping her? How could she put this all together is such a short time?”
“I am not sure Rosina. Get back here as quick as you can. Get the fuck out of Rome.”
“We’re on our way.”
Rosina stopped for gas on the outskirts of the city and sped back to Mario’s place. She did not speak. She was too angry to speak. She imagined police going through everything she owned and would let out a scream.
When they made it back to Mario’s there were more than a dozen men on the grounds, a few with dogs.
“Keep those fucking dogs away from me,” Rosina said when she got out of her car.
“They are waiting for you inside. I’ve been instructed to tell you to bring your computers with you,” Renaldo said.
Gino greeted them and escorted them into the house. “There is plenty to eat. I know you must be hungry, you’ve been on the go all day.”
“I will have something to eat, thanks,” Rosina said.
“Yes, but first, Mario wanted to see you first thing, as soon as you arrived.”
When the doors opened and they stepped into a study, the face of Coventina speaking on the large screen on the wall greeted them.
Ines turned to Rosina and said, “My suspicions have been confirmed. She is the Water Goddess. Check your computers. We have all received this video message.”
The words of Coventina on the video seemed to pound into Rosina’s head as she sat down and turned on her computer. 
“I wanted all of you to know exactly who has taken everything from you.”
I will find you, and when I do, you will die a slow and painful death, Rosina thought.
The face of Coventina on the large screen did not look like someone who was finished with them all.



71
Change

“Considering the time you have left, it might be best to change your plans,” Aja said.
Denise looked like she wanted this cloud to be past her. “Really?”
“Yes. They are all in the same place, now. If you try to lure them to you in the U.K. there is no telling how long they will take to make it there. Sure they are beyond pissed, but I simply don’t believe they are going to rush in blindly, especially traveling to the U.K.”
“You’re always thinking a step ahead.”
“And, there is Coventina’s property. Why taint that too? No one knows of it. I know she has said she will leave, and Anna believes she will leave as well, but they have not left yet.”
“You are wise Aja.”
The layout of the place is something you should have no problem approaching with your stealth advantage. Still, I can’t help but worry. You all have to get away once the shit hits the fan.”
Layla walked in the door. “You two look a bit glum.”
“Aja and I have been discussing ending this at Mario’s. They are all gathered there, including Rosina. What do you think?”
“I feel better confronting them on their turf and getting away rather than having them come at us from anywhere, and when?”
“You mention a key word, getaway.”
“Well we can’t fit them all in the Mustang, Layla sighed.
“We could fit them all in two,” Denise said, her eyes widening as she spoke.
“Why use a Mustang at all?” Aja said.
“Continue,” Denise smiled.
“Your friends upstairs can place you close enough that you would not need a car. It could be the same rallying point to be collected by them when it is over.”
“You know honey, you and I alone faced greater odds in Mexico, and we did it without the Mustang.”
“Yes, but one of us almost did not survive,” Layla said quietly.
Denise walked to the door and looked out at the others enjoying the night air.
“How can we be sure they will all stay there?”
“Their emails show they plan on hiding out there and planning a course of action,” Aja said.
“Their emails? You do not suspect they are being sent to deceive prying eyes?”
“No, I don’t. They are reeling, wondering what if anything else is coming their way. If I was in their shoes, I would try to stay as safe and protected as possible.”
“The opportunity is there. We must seize it,” Layla said.
“Yes Supergirl, I believe you both are right. Where is Quintus?”
“He is outside. They are all outside.”
“Want to join me my dear friends?”
“Lead the way,” Aja smiled.
“Bring the bottle,” Denise laughed, motioning to the wine.
They sat down next to Quintus and Coventina.
“We’ve been discussing a change of plans,” Denise said.
“Please share your thoughts,” Quintus said.
Those responsible for the harm caused to you all are gathered in one place. Our intelligence if you will, believes they will remain there, but not for long. Considering the time left before those of you who choose to do so must depart, we think it best to pay them a visit where they are, rather than hoping we can lure them to the U.K. in time.”
“My men will do what we decide,” Quintus said.
“As shall I,” Coventina said.
“The area is secluded, but it is already well guarded. Their numbers are superior,” Layla said.
“But we will have the element of surprise,” Denise smiled.
When do you think it best to, visit them?”
“I wanted to discuss that with you, since you are the warrior. Would it be better for us at night or during the day when we can see all?”
“Since we have the advantage of all that these medallions offer, I would prefer the day, when it is light. First light if possible.”
“First light is in eight hours or it is in thirty two hours,” Layla said.
“Thirty two hours seems a long time to keep this rabble together,” Aja said.
“Do you have an idea how they are reacting to today’s events?” Coventina asked.
“Enraged. Uncertain about their futures, frightened, being very cautious. They believe they are in a place that is safe.
“Against others that might be true. I am leaving the timing up to you,” Denise said.
Quintus called over the other legionnaires and quickly discussed the potential new plan with them.
“I don’t like waiting for battle, never have,” Marcus said.
Lucius smiled at Aja and spoke. “Tonight if possible.”
The others all agreed, the sooner the better.
“Do you want to contact Mys or shall I? We move at first light,” Quintus said.
Denise looked at Layla who was sporting a smile. Well Supergirl?
I’m with them. Let’s move at first light.
“I will get ahold of Mys then,” Denise said.



72
Fit

Aaron got up and followed Rosina who had stormed out of the house. “Rosina, stop, where are you going?”
“I am not going to let him talk to me like that. He’s lucky I did not stick my fork in his eye.”
“Well then just go to the guesthouse. I’ll go there with you.”
“He’s fucking that bitch, it’s obvious.”
“Yeah, well, why should that bother you?”
“I don’t trust her.”
“It would be safer to stay here. Come on, we’ll go hang out in the other building, the guesthouse. He’s just been drinking too much.”
“No. I need to get away from them. I can’t think around them. I cannot explain it, but I have a strong sense of foreboding being here.”
“Want me to come with you?”
“No. I think best alone. You can reach me on the phone if there is some emergency.
“I thought you said not to use our phones,” Aaron sighed.
“Here,” she said, handing him a cheap prepaid phone she took out of her bag. “It has my number on the other one that cannot be traced to us. Don’t use it unless it is absolutely necessary.”
“Be careful. Will you be back tomorrow?”
“I plan on it, but I am not promising anything.”
Rosina closed the car door behind her, started the engine and left the villa behind her in the darkness.
She turned north. I hope she is not going back to Rome, Aaron thought.
After heading north for a about a mile she took the first left she came to, a very narrow road that led to the coast. She knew the area well, having frequented it much as a teenager. She received a text on her phone from Aaron. MARIO SAID IF YOU ARE HEADING TO ROME HE WILL PUT OUT AN ORDER TO HAVE YOU SHOT ON SIGHT.
“Arrogant asshole,” she said, turning the volume on the stereo up.
She stopped in the small town of Poggiomarino to steal a set of license plates and put them on her car before continuing to head towards the coast.
The image of Coventina in the video made her blind with rage when she thought about it. At one point, after seeing that image in her mind’s eye, she ran an oncoming car into piles of garbage that had been left at the roadside. “Just let me get my hands on you, fucking Water Goddess,” she said to herself. “Close enough for my hands or a bullet will do.”
After twisting and turning her way east, she checked in to a room at the Forum Hotel in Pompeii, using one of her sets of fake ID’s and paid in cash. It was one of the closest hotels to the excavated ruins of the ancient city of Pompeii that had been buried under tons of ash when Vesuvius erupted.
Once inside her room, she started a bath and plugged in her computer to charge it. When she opened it she was greeted with another message from the Water Goddess. There is nowhere you can hide.



73
Dawn

Three women and six legionnaires moved north on foot through a field just south of Mario’s compound. They moved in stealth with shields already activated.
When they got to the electrified fence on the north side of the compound Layla uprooted and ripped it in two providing a large path through it and on to the property.
Dogs. Should we have planned for dogs? Layla said.
Too late now. We have to assume they can somehow detect us. Denise said.
The four dogs they had patrolling the property all converged on them as they approached the buildings, now moving faster.
Quintus. I cannot communicate with these dogs. They must be taken out. They can detect us somehow, Denise said.
They are moving directly towards us Denise. It will not be difficult.
From the rooftop of the main building, two of Mario’s men were watching the dogs through binoculars. They could not see any visible reason for them converging on what looked like an empty field, at least until they watched two of the four dogs fall to the ground dead after crying out in pain.
“What the fuck? Did you see that?” one of the men said.
“Holy shit. Did you just see that?” the other man said, after seeing the heads of the other two dogs separated from their bodies before they dropped to the bloody grass beneath them dead.
“What do we do? The barking stopped?”
“Of course the barking stopped, all the fucking dogs are dead. Mario is going to be pissed cause it’s so early but some fucking thing is out there.” He aimed his automatic weapon to where he thought someone might be standing who could have killed the dogs. The rounds whizzed over their heads because they were moving too quickly.
More of Mario’s men poured out of one of the guesthouses, followed by some of Ines’ men.
“What the fuck is going on?” one of them shouted.
“Someone killed the dogs, but I can see no one,” one man shouted from atop Mario’s villa.
“Where?”
“Over there, in the open field.”
Four of Mario’s men turned the corner of the house to head towards where they said the dogs had been killed. They did not make it any further. Four of the legionnaires greeted them, leaving them in a bloody heap.
“What the fuck is happening?” the two men atop Mario’s villa shouted, as once again they opened fire in the direction they thought someone should be that had just brutally murdered four men. This time they could see the bullets bouncing off their shields in every direction.
“Did you see that? Someone is out there.”
“Someone or some thing.”
Supergirl can you shut those two up? Denise asked.
Affirmative. Layla slammed the two men together so hard they fell to the ground unconscious.
Coventina was still moving with Denise and Layla as the six legionnaires rounded the corner killing anything that moved. Three went into each of the two guesthouses to search for anyone who might be left in them. Marcus found Aaron hiding under his bed. He and Lucius dragged him out of the building, dropping him onto the grass. When he looked up Coventina materialized before his eyes.
“I told you that you could be saved. You are not guilty of any of the crimes against me. Leave now, or die here, today, with all the others,” she said in a tone that terrified him.
“I don’t know why you spare my miserable life, but I will leave.”
“Change, and LEAVE, NOW,” she shouted before disappearing from sight.
There were now six more men atop Mario’s villa and more around it shooting blindly across the fields. Occasionally some rounds would bounce off the shields only to miss when more weapons were trained on the spot they thought someone might be. They were moving too fast.
Once again Layla took out the men atop the villa, this time sending them flying after being slammed into one another. They landed unconscious out back by the pool. They missed the water.
Denise Layla and Coventina watched as Quintus and his men eliminated the other men outside the house. An eerie silence came over the compound.
Let’s finish this. There is no telling how soon it will be that this place is swarming with police, Denise said.
Odumnus kicked the door open and the legionnaires rushed in. Denise pitied whomever they might run into.
They found Mario and Ines in a master bedroom, taking their weapons from them before the three women entered.
Once again Coventina materialized before them. “Do you remember me? I was your very special prize is how I believe you put it,” she said, looking at Mario. Ines watched in horror as Mario’s head was separated from his body and flew across the room.
“You ordered the murder of my family, because you lost your prize,” she said to Ines. Before the terrified woman could utter a word, Quintus’ sword pierced through her heart from behind her. She looked down at her blood that had formed on the invisible Gladius before falling to the ground dead when he pulled it out.
“Let’s get out of here post haste,” Layla said.
“We missed one,” Coventina said as they walked quickly back across the field to the rendezvous point where their ride was waiting.
“For now,” Layla said. They could hear the sound of sirens wailing in the distance.
It is one of the reasons we let Aaron get away, Denise said.



74
A Short Wait

The mood was somber it seemed, only for Denise, Layla and Aja upon their return to the farmhouse in France. The others were celebrating as one might expect warriors to celebrate after a victorious battle, even a battle as one-sided as theirs was. They quietly but happily explained what they did and whom they did it too. Diana, Maria and Anna all had painful smiles on their faces listening to the legionnaires, but smiles nonetheless.
“It’s like nothing you’ve seen in a movie,” Denise said to Aja, who was monitoring multiple computer screens.
“Gruesome huh?”
“Very. Oh don’t get me wrong. They showed no mercy, and justifiably so as far as I’m concerned,” Layla said. “But, it was gruesome.”
“I am glad I missed it.”
“I was so wishing this was going to be totally over. Any clue yet where Rosina is?” Denise asked.
“My guess is not very far from the scene of carnage, but I don’t know for sure, yet.”
“Thanks. I know you’re on top of it. I don’t know how to thank you my dear.”
“You are the one who knew she would not be there, so you may find out sooner than I do.”
“Yes. I wish things were clearer some times. One more hurdle to get over and everyone can try and settle into having a life.”
“Indeed.”
Layla went to join the others outside where Anna and Maria had some food cooking on a large grill.
“Would you like something to eat or drink?” Marcus asked.
“Not much of an appetite yet, but I will have some wine, with a ice cube please.”
“Allow me,” Lucilla smiled. “Everything okay?”
“Yeah, I’m okay, I guess. Denise might be feeling a bit rattled though.”
“It must have been pretty horrible.”
“Well, I think Denise got it right a few minutes ago. It’s like nothing you’ve seen in a movie.”
“I don’t need the gory details.”
“How are you getting on?”
“Okay,” Lucilla smiled quietly.
“Are you any closer to that big decision yet?”
“Yes and no, but leaning towards yes.”
“I won’t ask you what the yes is. I have enough to think about,” Layla laughed.
“So what’s left?”
“One person, if we find her in time.”
“And if we don’t?” Lucilla asked.
“Denise and I could take care of it.”
“Chicken is looking very done, so come and get it,” Anna shouted.
Quintus and Coventina sat away from the others sipping on their wine.
Layla dragged her chair over by them. “May I sit with you?”
“Of course. I didn’t get a chance to thank you for everything you did for us today,” Coventina said.
Quintus raised his glass in the form of a salute and also thanked her. “How is Denise faring?”
“She’s good. Killing has a tendency to numb her brain for a short period, but she’s good.”
“A perfect way of putting it Layla. Unfortunately, the more you kill the more numb you become to it,” Quintus said.
“Even if you felt someone deserved it?”
“Yes, even then.”
Coventina sat in her chair like a cat waiting to spring at a moment’s notice, her very own Gladius resting beside her against a tree.
“Your property in England is quite the beautiful place,” Layla smiled. “One could make a good life there.”
Coventina simply offered a wide smile and thanked her.
“How about something to eat?” Denise shouted from the door waving at Layla, the late afternoon glowing in a glorious golden light as the sun started its descent in the western sky.
Layla smiled and nodded in agreement, “Well, if you will excuse me, before my stomach drowns out the conversation.”
“I didn’t feel like eating anything with a face. I hope you don’t mind,” Denise said.
“Good choice,” Layla said, looking at a plate full of vegetarian croissants.
 Lucius joined Aja at the table. “No, thank you, I’ve eaten,” he replied to her offer of a plate.
“When I was a little girl in Chicago, one of our neighbors came home from the Army with a French wife. That was the first time I had a croissant. Can’t imagine why I did not keep eating them,” Denise smiled.
“That’s easy. I don’t think there is a French neighborhood in Chicago, and if there is we sure weren’t near it,” Aja giggled, reaching for a light at the end of the table.
Lucius watched her lightly perfumed bare arm move past him and smiled, breathing in her scent.
“Well I’m just from little old bake your own country style bread Danville,” Layla laughed.
“I love your bread when you bake it,” Denise said.
The sound of Aja’s beeping computer pierced the brief festive moment. A dead calm came over the room as she quickly walked over to it. Denise and Layla looked at each other and over to Aja.
“I knew it. I knew it was just a matter of time before she used her phone.”
Lucius walked over and stood next to her.
“And the call came from Aaron,” Aja said, turning to face Denise and Layla. “We will have to assume he is telling her everything.”
Denise held the half eaten spinach and cheese croissant in her hand waiting to hear more.
“She is in Pompeii,” Aja said.
Lucius ran out the door to notify Quintus and Coventina.
“Is there time for another croissant?” Denise asked.
“There’s always time for one more,” Layla said.
“Feel up to flying us there?” Denise said.
“I always feel like flying.”



75
Lost And Found

Aaron was lucky enough to find one vehicle with the keys in it at Mario’s when he was released. He drove south, continuing to try and reach Rosina on the phone she had given him. “You’d think she would have left it on, fucking Rosina.”
He stopped for gas and a late lunch in Cosenza, trying to imagine where she would have gone, and what to do with himself now. His fingerprints would undoubtedly be found at the site of the carnage. I have to piece a story together. Rosina, where the fuck are you?
Upon leaving Cosenza, he headed towards the coast, where he would stop occasionally to try reaching Rosina on the cheap phone she gave him.
“She must have put the wrong fucking number in or something,” he shouted. The phone fell out of his hands landing hard on the pavement. When he picked it up he noticed a blank screen. “Fuck.”
After driving a little further north along the coast mulling over what to do, he decided to try reaching her on their regular phones. “She has got to know.”
Back in Pompeii, Rosina had been trying to reach him on the cheap phone. When she could not do so, the phone did not survive her temper. She threw it at the wall of a Roman ruin where it lay in pieces on the ground. She was heading back to her car, having been waiting for nightfall to travel, when her smartphone rang.
“What an idiot. I told him not to use these phones,” she mumbled before answering it. “This had better be important.”
“Rosina. That other fucking phone did not work even before I dropped it and it broke.”
“Yeah, well that might explain why mine is now in a few pieces. What is it?”
“We are all that’s left.”
“What?”
“I don’t want to talk on the phone, but trust me when I say we are all that is left.”
There was silence on Rosina’s end as she took in what she had just heard and mulled over whether or not to let Aaron know where she was.
“I am along the coast somewhere, where are you?” she said.
“I’m in Salerno.”
“I will text you instructions. I’m not that far away from you.”
“Rosina. I am frightened.”
“One question. How is it YOU are alive?”
“I was let go.”
“Let go?”
“Yes, by the Water Goddess.”
Rosina hung up hearing those two words again and slipped her phone into her handbag until she cooled down so it would survive.
“Water Goddess hey? Well, come and get me if you dare, you bitch,” she shouted, before changing directions and heading back to her hotel.



76
Scomparire

Rosina returned to her hotel room with the heavy suitcase that Aaron had left in the car. She opened it to find two Mini Uzi assault weapons. The rest of the suitcase was filled with magazines already loaded with ammunition and six hand grenades.
“Thank you Aaron,” she said, picking one up and loading it. “Grenades, how sweet.”
Aaron reached the city limits of Pompeii and carefully made his way to the hotel, parking more than a block away.
He dialed Rosina’s number and pushed the call button. She answered without saying a thing. “I am here.”
“Go to the desk and tell them you are here to see me. They are expecting you.”
The clerk directed him to room 214. He knocked on the door.
Rosina answered it with one of the Uzi’s in her hand. After closing the door she kissed him on the cheek. “You’ve nothing to fear from me,” she said.
“You can have all that stuff. I am through with this business,” Aaron said.
“Would you like my opinion?”
“Sure.”
“I don’t think you were ever cut out for the business we chose. You’re too nice.”
“Rosina, what are you going to do? You’ve been using your phone. You must assume they know where you are. Hell, they are probably on their way here right now.”
Her eyes squinted when she turned her head from the window to look at him. “I am counting on it.”
She went about packing what she needed to take with her as Aaron told him all he knew about the massacre, wiping away her prints from whatever she was sure she would not touch before leaving.
“They did not use firearms. No, they must have been using machetes, or swords. They moved so fast, so calculated. They killed with no mercy, like professionals, like they had killed many times before.”
“Swords?”
“Yes, but that may not be the worst part. They could disappear.”
“Disappear?”
“Yes. Scomparire.”
Rosina slipped a magazine into the other Uzi. “Do you want your suitcase? I won’t be needing it.”
“Rosina. Why wait? Why not get away? Why not disappear?
“It is not in my nature, no more than it is in the Water Goddess’ nature. If I defeat her, and get away, I can start all over again. I can be in charge. It’s all I know Aaron. I cannot change.”
“Rosina. Scomparire, at least for a while.”
“No. Sweet of you to care, but no. I must leave. Take your suitcase.”
The weather was a little warm for the long black raincoat she wore. She turned in the key at the front desk and followed Aaron out the door into the street.
They walked to her car where she tossed everything but the contents of Aaron’s suitcase in the trunk.
“I cannot stay Rosina. Please reconsider.”
“Get out of here. If I’m lucky I just might be calling on you to come work for me.”
Aaron looked up at the moon that seemed to be poking its head around the corner of a building. “Beautiful moon.”
Rosina looked up then back at Aaron. “Decrescente Nonas.”
“Goodbye Rosina, and good luck,” he said, before turning to walk down the block back to his car. “I hope you live to see another Decrescente Nonas Rosina,” he said quietly to himself. After witnessing what he saw at Mario’s he did not think she ever would.
Rosina turned the corner at the other end of the block and headed for the Ruins of Pompeii.



77
Tua Vita Mea

The Mustang came to a complete stop in stealth next to Aaron. Inside, Denise, Layla, Coventina and Quintus looked at him sitting behind the wheel of the Mercedes. They could see the anguish on his face. When he reached to start it up, Layla pulled past him so he would have enough room to pull out and leave. After looking back one more time to see if he could catch a last glimpse of Rosina, he pulled out of the parking spot and drove off.
“She just turned the corner a block up,” Denise said.
“We can follow her from above,” Layla said.
“That won’t be necessary. I know where she is heading. I’ve seen it.”
“Someone’s coming up behind us,” Layla said. She raised the Mustang to rooftop level and hovered.
“Does she have help?” Coventina asked.
“No. She is alone, but very dangerous,” Denise said. She felt uneasy because her vision was not clear. One thing was certain though. It might not be as easy as the dawn raid at Mario’s.
“Which way captain?”
“There,” Denise said, pointing out the right lower corner of the front windshield. “Let’s locate her first to see if I’m right.”
Layla steered them over an area that was bathed in darkness compared to the street they were just on, although spotlights lighted some of the more important ruins.
“There. Coming out of the cover of those trees,” Coventina said.
“Good eyes. That’s her. Yes, just what I saw. Wait until she gets past that spot right there and touch down.”
“There are no lights where she is heading,” Layla said.
“No, and very clever actually. Aaron must have told her we are not armed with firearms.”
“She’s inviting us in, for close combat,” Layla said.
“We must assume she is armed to the teeth.”
“How will we know where she is once inside?”
“She is going to head to the very center of the arena where we must also assume she will be able to hear or see us coming.”
Why not just get her to throw her weapons away? Layla asked.
Because Coventina and Quintus asked that I don’t. If it looks like they are going to lose however.
They quietly exited the Mustang in stealth and made their way to the Arena. The breeze was filled with the scent of grass, the moon above just bright enough to add a pale glow to all that was not lit around them.
Layla led the way through the same doorway into the Arena that Rosina slipped through. She thought it best to lead them in, even though the shields on their medallions were activated. She stopped a few steps into the long walkway that led to the floor of the amphitheater. She is going to hear us, if she hasn’t already.
There are other ways in, if you want to do some climbing. Quintus said.
She has been her before. She knows the layout and the sounds so there is no doubt in my mind she knows we are already here. Let’s get this over with, Denise said.
Slowly, and as quietly as possible, Layla said.
No matter how slowly they moved down the concrete and brick tunnel, the grit that had collected on the stones they walked upon reverberated every little sound they made. It reminded Denise of being in a few of the caves they had visited in Southern Illinois and Missouri.
They could feel the breeze wafting down the tunnel as they moved closer to the entrance that required a turn to the left. Stop before you go through that entrance, Denise said.
Layla peeked around the corner. There is at least another twenty to thirty feet before we get out there.
Okay. Move slowly and along the walls. Denise sighed.
The ground they moved over still made it all but impossible for them to mask their approach, even though the closer they got to the open air it no longer seemed to reverberate.
I see her, smack dab in the middle of the arena, Layla said.
From here let’s move quickly. Once through the doorway we will break left. Quintus and Coventina, you break right. Let’s give her more than one target to think about.
Okay. On the count of three. One, two, three. Layla said.
They moved quickly past the entrance and out into the open arena making what Denise thought sounded like earth shattering noise as the gravel under their feet announced their arrival and every move.
Layla heard the louder dull thud hit the ground. “Grenade,” she screamed just before it went off. It knocked her and Denise to the ground even with their shields activated.
“Are you okay?” Denise said.
“Fuck that was loud. Yes. I think so.”
We are in one piece, Quintus said.
Just as he finished talking, Rosina opened up with one of her Uzis. From where she stood, once the grenade went off, she could see its effect bouncing off their shields. She sprayed across the area she thought they would be in a sweeping motion. “Tracer rounds,” she laughed as she saw the rounds more clearly careening off in all directions once they hit the shields.
Quintus, be wary of anything she might throw. It is much more powerful. Denise said.
The dirt surface they were on was just as noisy as the walk in. When Denise and Layla ran further to the left to get her looking in two directions, Rosina saw the little puffs of dirt rise that their feet kicked up. She pulled the clip on another grenade, but rather than throw it in the direction of them running, she tossed it in the direction of where she thought Quintus and Coventina might be. When it exploded, once again she could see bits of shrapnel being repelled by their shields. With the other Uzi she sprayed the two cloaked figures, the tracer rounds coming so fast she could see a silhouette of each of them. “Which one of you is my Water Goddess bitch?” she said quietly, as she quickly reloaded each Uzi. Once finished she sprayed the area where Denise and Layla stood. “So there are four of you I see.”
Quintus, get ready to rush her, Denise said. Baby can you make it sound like someone is coming up behind her in this gravely dirt?
I think so.
Quintus. Get ready to rush her as soon as she turns around. Layla, make it so.
Layla waited for her to finish emptying her weapon again. From a kneeling position she made the gravel shift from the doorway on the opposite end of the arena. Rosina turned and sprayed rounds from the other Uzi in that direction. When she did, Quintus and Coventina rushed across the field towards her. She swirled back in the direction she heard footsteps coming from. As she did, she quickly pulled the clips of two more grenades and hurled each one in the direction her four opponents had been. They had already moved however, and the grenades exploded far enough away for her to see any shrapnel effect on their shields. In the middle of reloading her weapons, Quintus slammed into her with the force of a linebacker, throwing her to the ground. The Uzis flew out of her hands when she landed. Her four opponents now stood above her as she moaned.
Watch her hands, Layla said.
The sound of police sirens could be heard in the distance.
“Rosina Stucco,” Coventina said, keeping her shield up but coming out of stealth.
Rosina looked up to see the tall figure standing before her in the pale moonlight, Gladius in hand. She said nothing. Seeing Coventina standing before her filled her with rage.
“Stand up.”
She struggled to her feet, still silent.
“You are hereby charged with the murder of my family. You’ve been found guilty of this crime. Your sentence is death,” Coventina said coldly.
In that instant, knowing they did not have firearms, Rosina reached quickly for the two remaining grenades. She quickly pulled the pins and tossed the one in her left hand towards Layla and Denise. It exploded harmlessly off the added shield Layla had silently erected around the four of them. With a sweeping motion, Coventina’s Gladius separated her right arm holding the second grenade from her body. It landed on the ground, the hand still squeezing the grenade that did not go off. Layla quickly sent her arm flying towards a back wall where it exploded. Rosina screamed in pain and horror as the sound of the police sirens stopped. Denise could see lights flashing outside the Amphitheater.
Coventina’s Gladius entered her chest where her heart was with such force its pointed razor sharp tip protruded from her back. She removed the sword that was followed by a massive gush of blood. Rosina fell to the ground dead.
“Coventina. Activate your stealth. I can see lights coming down the entrance,” Layla said.
 She did as Layla asked, wiped the Gladius in her cloak, and returned it to the scabbard.
“Let’s slip out as quietly as possible,” Denise said.
Nearly a dozen uniformed policemen carrying flashlights stormed in to the Arena. It was not difficult to slip by them unnoticed with all the noise they were making.
Once outside, they walked back to the Mustang and got in.
“This looks like an amazing place,” Layla said.
“Yes. We must come back one day for a visit,” Denise said, as the Mustang quietly climbed straight up before heading towards France.



78
Decisions

Denise and Layla actually slept late for a change, after getting to bed late. They awoke at eleven a.m. to find everyone preparing a final feast. It was Decision Day for all but them, should they stay or should they go.
“Good morning,” Aja smiled. “I can’t believe you were able to sleep so long with all the noise we are making.”
“Good morning,” Denise said.
“Decision Day feast,” Aja said quietly.
“Oh, that’s right. Now I know I am still half asleep. A shower will help.”
“And coffee of course,” Aja laughed.
“Absolument.”
“Come on,” Denise said, taking a very sleepy looking Layla by the hand to join her in a wakeup shower.
“How long does everybody have?” Aja asked.
“Until midnight,” Coventina said.
Whoever was not cooking was outside preparing the tables at which they would eat.
Within the hour, the shower was finished, the first cups of coffee downed, and the cooking finished.
“What can we do help?” Denise asked.
“Nothing,” Aja said. “Actually my dear friends, this feast is in your honor.”
“No.”
“Yes.”
“Okay. Come on darlin’,” Denise smiled, taking Layla by the hand as they walked out the front door.
They were greeted with smiles from everyone.
“Oh my. Looks like a few of you got to do some shopping yesterday,” Denise said, looking beyond the table set for the feast to a large stack of items they had purchased for those leaving to take with them.
“Yes. Amazing how long a list of items can get if you know you won’t be coming back for a very long time if at all,” Anna giggled. “Lots and lots of music.”
“Actually, the way they can replicate things it probably wasn’t necessary, but, after all, we’re only human,” Diana laughed.
It was finally time to sit down to eat. Coventina started with offering a toast. “To Denise and Layla, without whom none of us would be here today.”
Everyone took a drink of their wine before giving them a standing ovation.
The table was filled with fish, chicken, assorted vegetable dishes, fruit and of course, French pastries.
Midway through the meal, Quintus stood up to offer another toast. “I offer a toast, to my dearest friend Marcus. We have been through so much together. We have saved each other’s lives more than once. I am going to miss you my dear friend.”
Everyone raised his or her glass, but there was no applause. Everyone knew that the toast meant Marcus would not be leaving.
“So,” Denise started, looking at Lucilla with a wide smile, “what has everyone else decided?”
“I too will remain here,” Lucius said, before turning to Aja to kiss her.
“Okay, you won’t be alone,” Layla said, smiling at Marcus.
“Anyone else staying?” Denise asked.
Petilius shook his head from side to side and kissed Maria. Anna threw her arms around Odumnus and Coventina sitting alongside her and smiled. “Where my dearest friends on this planet or any other planet go, I go.”
“I guess you know my answer,” Diana laughed before attacking Venutius passionately.
“Who needs more wine?” Layla laughed.
She walked around the table filling everyone’s glasses.
They partied until the sun went down, eating, drinking, and dancing.
Mys and company arrived around 9 p.m. to collect them all but Aja, Lucius, Lucilla and Marcus. After beaming their belongings aboard, everyone and the Mustang followed. In its place appeared a burgundy Mustang. Denise had given Mys the okay to reverse engineer her gift from the members of the Tyrine as a gift to Aja for all her help, including all the lessons on how to operate it.
The night settled into the sights and sounds of a French summer evening, the moon glowing in the night sky, as each couple headed to their own building for the night.



79
Departure

Aya and Mys seemed to float in front of the view outside their craft as they made their way across the Atlantic back to Southern Illinois.
“Aja is really going to love that vehicle,” Denise smiled.
“Be sure to give her my number in case she has any questions,” Layla giggled.
Here, Mys said, handing Denise and Layla what looked like jewelry cases. These are for you.
They opened the cases to reveal elegantly decorated medallions.
“They are beautiful, thank you very much,” Denise said.
“They are indeed, thank you.” Layla smiled.
“How silly of us. You’ll be wanting these back,” Denise said, removing the medallion given to them earlier. Layla did the same.
“What do the markings mean?” Layla asked.
They show you where in the cosmos your friends will start their new lives, Aya said.
Layla looked at the medallion puzzled.
Would you like me to show you?
“Yes, please.”
Aya moved closer, extended one hand over the medallion and pointed the other towards a wall Mys had moved to, that was illuminated somehow with the image of the medallion in Layla’s hand. Mys, if you would please.
This is our galaxy, which you can find here. The image changed, as if the view was rapidly pulling away from it, until it revealed the constellations of Leo and Virgo. The medallion also shows the home of your friends on the Tyrine in relation to the new home of Quintus and the others.
“Leo Constellation. Thanks. It would have taken me quite a while to figure that one out,” Layla laughed.
Denise could see from the screen they had already reached North America and were zipping across the eastern United States heading west. “Maybe some day we will be able to pay them a visit.”
I believe one day you just might, Aya said.
“Is it allowed Aya?” Denise asked, holding her arms out as one would to hug someone.
It is.
Denise hugged her gently, experiencing a tingling sensation when she did. “That was nice,” she smiled.
Layla did the same, each of them moving from Aya to Mys.
We are over your home, Aya said.
Come, Mys motioned, seeming to float as she led them through the doorway to the Mustang, where the others were waiting.
They began their final goodbyes. Denise actually saw a tear roll down the cheek of Diana who until this moment had seemed so hardened by what she had been through. She knew what it meant. She was happy to be alive, to be free and in love.
They finally got to Quintus and Coventina. “Layla, this is for you, to remember us,” he said, handing her a Gladius in a magnificently crafted scabbard.
“Why thank you, so very much Quintus,” she said before kissing him on both cheeks.
“And this Denise, is for you,” Coventina smiled, handing her the very bracelet Anna lent to her to aid in locating and recovering her from those that held her captive. “To remember me.”
Denise thought she looked like a goddess in the light shining on her from overhead. “Thank you my dear. Enjoy your new life.” They hugged and kissed, as women who are friends do.
“You know, I have this funny feeling we will meet again,” Layla grinned, holding up her case with the medallion inside.
“I believe one day we shall, here, or in the afterlife,” Quintus smiled.
“Goodbye, dear friends,” Denise said.
They got into the Mustang to the sound of goodbye being offered by the four couples. The immediate area was cleared and the Mustang departed, touching down on Southern Illinois grass between their home and the barn that housed the other Mustang.
In what sounded like a whisper, the light disappeared and the craft seemed to vanish as it sped into the heavens. After a long moment of silence, the sounds of a beautiful Southern Illinois night filled the air.
“We are home baby,” Layla said.
“Home,” Denise said, leaning over to kiss the woman she loved.



80
Starry Night

“I wonder how far they’ve gotten?” Layla asked.
She and Denise lay out on a blanket on their property near Makanda. The full moon did not make for the best star gazing night, but it had been more than a month since they all parted ways, and it was Layla’s birthday wish.
“I wonder if they were even going in that direction first? I forgot to ask,” Denise sighed.
“I know what you’re thinking?”
“Really?” Denise smiled. “Maybe I really am rubbing off on you.”
“Yep. You’re thinking about just how nice it would be to travel, out there.”
“Yes I was.”
“I have to pee, I’ll be right back, don’t go away,” Layla giggled.
“Bring out the other bottle of wine when you return.”
“Affirmative.”
Denise gazed up at the sky full of stars and smiled.
“Here you are, give me your glass,” Layla said after returning.
She topped off their glasses.
“I never drank this much wine before meeting those Romans,” Denise laughed. “What do you have there?”
“The gift they left us.”
“That moon is so bright it makes it easy to see the details on it.”
“Have you ever wondered what it would be like, to have an entire world to yourself, I mean just you and a handful of other couples?” Denise asked.
“The thought briefly did cross my mind. How is Lucilla doing with Marcus?”
Denise turned towards her with her legs crossed in a Lotus position. “I believe she is finding it much easier to rehab that farmhouse in Tuscany she bought since we gave her our suggestion for that Italian Lotto.”
“Oh yes. Thirty two million dollars will definitely come in handy.”
“Aja does not need it. She’s loaded,” Denise laughed, taking another sip of wine. 
“She is indeed. It was awfully nice of her to direct all that money to Judith for all the women who were victims. When do you expect we are going to see little ones from either of them?”
Denise just smiled, took another drink and sighed. “Not in the immediate future. Oh and yes, it was nice of Aja to give all of that dirty money for something good to come out of it.
Layla was tracing the engravings on the medallion she was holding when the symbol for the new home of Quintus, Conventina and the others glowed red. In each of their minds they heard their own voices speaking. I wish we could move like that, Layla whispered. Quieter than tip toes, Denise said quietly.
“So these gifts are not just for show after all,” Layla said.
“I never thought they were. Too bad they did not come with an instruction book,” Denise giggled.
“You didn’t huh?”
“Nope. Come on, let’s go inside, put on some good tunes and turn down the lights.”
“Really? You got a birthday present for me?” Layla smiled.
“Oh do I have a birthday present for you.”
Denise stood up and walked towards the house. “Just leave everything out here until the morning,” she said, carrying only the bottle of unfinished wine.
“Okay,” Layla said. The medallion she held still glowed red. She stood up and made for the house to find herself floating towards it. “Well I’ll be.”
“Did you say something baby?” Denise said, turning to find Layla moving effortlessly coming up behind her, changing directions at will.
“Yes. I was saying well I’ll be,” she smiled before kissing Denise. When she did her feet were not touching the ground.
“You may have to figure out how to deactivate that, or put it down to stay on the bed,” Denise laughed.
“I wonder how high we can go?”
“I have a feeling we are going to find out,” Denise smiled as she followed Layla who floated into the house, closing the door behind her.
The sound of Patti Smith could be heard through the open windows.

On their ship, light years from Earth, the same song was playing in Coventina’s room. “Take me now baby here as I am, Pull me close try and understand, Desire is the hunger is the fire I breathe, Love is the banquet on which we feed.”

In Makanda, the song continued to play when the lights went out.



Connect with me online

http://grevali.wordpress.com/

garbovatwins@gmail.com
