

Crate
Expectations







Also by Peter Fisher

Sci-Fi Novel Series:
Zone of Influence

Cr8Xpectations Development Series:
Crate of Orange
Crate of Aqua
Crate of Violet



Crate
Expectations

by Peter Fisher

Copyright © 2022 by Peter Fisher
©2022 Smashwords Edition License Notes
This free ebook may be copied, distributed, reposted, reprinted and shared, provided it appears in its entirety without alteration and the reader is not charged to access it.



For:

D. Fisher,
please.
CONTENTS

READ ME, or else!
In the Beginning
Airre, Apparently…
Distress Sale
Ode to an N95
Pair of Dice Lost
Good Old Mr. Wilson
The Novitiates
Carrot or Stick?
Dueling Realities
Things To Remember, Places To Go
The Razing of Tara Park
Nightmare Number Six
Clearing Brush
Revolutionary Thinking
Precipitating Catalyst
Bong Farewells
endnotes
Zone of Influence Strike One Bonus
READ ME, or else!
Unsurprisingly, not for the first time does Pedro awake finding himself in a gray void. In a decided change from earlier episodes, he finds himself swiftly coming to his senses, so he plops himself on the floor to wait for developments instead of wandering about blindly. Finding a rock to make into a pillow, he stretches out to get in a quick snooze.
“That’s not a pillow or even a rock, you know.” Death appears leaving open the door behind, looking unhappy, “You’re supposed to enter the void, find my BOOK, and read intently; but no, protocols and Pedro- oil and water.
“What the hell, it’s not like anyone told me what to expect, you know. I’m here already, don’t be such a dick. No chance I have time to read I’m on my way to find Karl and all that jazz- planning to purloin profitably.”
“This book matters, it’s a chronicle of events so far and I want your opinion. Besides, time isn’t what you think- you have more than you suspect, less than you need, probably. Haven’t gotten that far yet.”
“Death wrote a testament? For real? I’d believe you if you said someone more intelligent than Death wrote a testament of which you’re itching to claim authorship. Maybe you’ve a room full of flying monkeys banging away on word processors, why should I care?”
Death closes the door with his foot, “Look smartass, who do you think does the data entry around here? Not me, I’m in Operations, just like you. Monkeys don’t go on strike, especially the flying ones. So, cut me some slack, I’m not letting you go anywhere until I get some cooperation.”
“Tell you what, make me into a speed reader and I’ll take a look-see. Judging by the cover I can tell you already…” Pedro laughs derisively.
Death explains the setup as Pedro begins to read, “Imagine a shit load of dead people showing up all of a sudden. What to do with them, eh? Slotting into position, each new entrant finds the same sign next to wooden crates stacked waist-high at the end of the line: READ ME. Hot off the press, the book’s cover showcases soothing shades of violet, orange and blue alongside two words: Crate Expectations. The first page, four words: READ ME, or else. The meat begins on page two with a short explanation capable of satisfying absolutely zero yet offering hope to many.”
 “Will you shut up already? I may or may not have a lot of time for this but it’s sure as hell going to take twice as long with you yapping away.” Pedro is in a hurry to meet up with Karl. He skims the contents, rapidly flipping pages.
—-
Foreword: Please allow me to introduce myself- I am not a man; I have no wealth, no taste. But I have been around for a long, long time- seen many a soul laid to waste; in fact, all of them. I am the Manager of Accounts, the Appearance of Control. I am the limit of your Zone of Influence but you simply call me Death. 
Nice to meet with you outside of working hours- I must apologize for not personally attending your passing or sending an emissary for you or any of the other billions of souls marking time outside the gates reading quietly; whimpering perhaps, but stifling the urge to scream. Please continue reading (remembering silence is golden, maybe even the key to gaining heaven though I make no promises in writing).
No doubt you have questions, concerns. Unfortunately, staffing issues preclude individual explanations as to: what happened, where you are now and how/why things got so messy back there; thus I took the liberty of gathering the entire episode into these volumes to offer atypical POVs including God’s eye-view perspectives on the events of the day. Although I appear prominently here and there, your outcomes’ are entirely your own. 
How can you trust my account? Look around, see anyone else offering to aid the recently deceased with some diversionary material while your everlasting fate’s are being determined elsewhere? No? No. So quit your grousing, it’s unseemly- we expect better here.
Regardless of what you care to believe, this is just a temporary glitch and operations will normalize soon. Best wishes and good luck from your pal, Death.
—-
Pedro looks over his shoulder at the hovering presence, sighs, returns his attention to the book, hefting the weight- reminds him of the Bible.
“Well?” asks the hovering presence.
“It’s very chronological.”
“That’s bad?”
“Too long, way too long.”
“It’s going to be a long wait.”
 “You left out so much of Mrs. Wilson and you gloss over your role.”
“No, I don’t.” Death is indignant.
“You say so.” Pedro wonders if death is going through withdrawals.
“You think so?”
“You know the Union is naming you in a draft memo? No? Well, Karl’s contact on the management council says they’re onto him and calling you out on the whole fentanyl issue. Apparently their middle game strategy is to lay low and point the finger- at you and Karl.”
“Bastards.”
“Right?” Pedro agrees, “So your plan is to give everyone a book to shut them up? That’s a lot of big fat books the entrants will undoubtedly try to ignore, most will be pondering punishment while the remainder will find carrying this rock burdensome. If I were you, I think I’d break up the story. It’s chronological, start them off with volume one, and then ensure they pass it on before you give them volume two. Let them anticipate while they wait.”
Death chews on the thought, “I see.”
“Busy being quiet is the plan, right? How many do you plan to print?”
“I was thinking one for everybody- seven, eight billion.”
“You lack faith in yourself, know that?”
“Look dude,” death commiserates, “Your odds were low going in, ask Airre she’ll back me up. I’m expecting both you and Karl in the reading room, eventually. Sadly, I’m not seeing the endgame going your way. Sorry.”
“Sorry doesn’t make you any less of a downer, you know? I’ll chalk it up to all the fentanyl. You asked for my advice: go with print on demand, say two, maybe two point five billion copies to start.”
“That low?” Death is skeptical.
Pedro nods, “Sure, you can print more if you need to, eh? Break the main narrative into pieces; your own description is an apt title- ‘Zone of Influence’. However, I also like your original title, it’s playfully ironic, so keep that name for the forthcoming introductory volume- keep the flying monkeys busy. When you (cough) write Crate Expectations, add in some of Mrs. Wilson, you know- give Karl some entertainment if he shows up.”
“I knew talking to you would end up in work for my monkeys.”
“While you’re at it, put in some of the history of the Jersey Crew. Last time we were together they were practically giddy over some letter the Brits found in their Ministry archives (POV and all that). I got a feeling more than one of those guys will become your most avid readers so throw your ‘influencers’ a bone. Expect to see them arrive in a group.”
Pedro stops, thinks, adds the last word: “If you’re correct and I end up back here reading the rest of the story with the bulk of humanity, do me a favor and have the monkeys put out some chairs; maybe reserve us some recliners.”
Death laughs, as only death can.
In the Beginning
Whump! Whump!
The bound man swims in and out of consciousness, again.
Whump! Whump!
“What’s with all the thumping?” thinks the prone figure, “That’s it!” he suddenly remembers, “First I dodge the right jab, then lean away out of a left uppercut to the chin and into… Whump! Lights out with the haymaker, thus explaining all the whumping; I must have taken a beating.”
Whump, whump- not for the first time Pedro hopefully conflates coming to on the floor of a helicopter (flying roach instead of coach) as the cause of his fate instead of a symptom. Trying to open an eye, thick crust denying him sight; he moves onto trying out speech but his swollen lips open only a slit, allowing in copious amounts of bloody sweat mixing with... sea salt? Next he tries some limbs, moving ever so slowly as to not alert his… captors! Damn, wrist and ankle ties- surely he is in some deep shit, probably in the trunk of a car again likely on the way to a harbor side cement overshoe fitting. Damn, if only they’d stop whumping on his head.
Whump, whump, whump… wait a second, that’s a helicopter whump- different from the other whumping going on in his head. Pedro sniffs; sniffs again- can’t smell a thing, except something vile. Wait, that’s me. Pedro’s nose begins whistling, it’s broken so he can’t smell the Italian Leather Pumps two centimeters off his left nostril. He sticks his tongue through the thin slit between his lips, tastes salty leather. One more sense left in the arsenal- Pedro holds his breath and listens hoping to begin his day with some friendly voices.
Hearing him stir from the cockpit, the Pilot looks right toward the second seat, “Seven to five Stella kicks him,” he propositions the Navigator.
“There is a five-nine probability she kicks him, so no bet. Here’s my counter, even money for a hundred she kicks him twice,” the Navigator is a true professional.
The Pilot considers Stella’s temperament during the trip thus far, “She kicks him twice, for a hundred, even money? You’re on!” He hasn’t known them long, finds them interesting.
As advertised, Stella is in rare form, “Damn it Rita, what the hell you doing disappearing into Guadalajara with the likes of him?” She kicks the prone figure balled up beneath the conference table, “Don’t you know what an asshole he can be during a blowout bender and yet here you are, in the filth with the swine. Luckily, the posting of your bodies for auction on the necrophilia-fan site went viral and I could rescue your sorry ass.”
“True sisters; that’s one kick,” tracks the Navigator, “as expected.”
“Oh shit,” thinks Pedro in a panic, “Not Stella!” He would be better off if the cartel had him again. He keeps his mouth shut, gathering info hoping to assess the rising tide of deep shit.
“Where are we?” Slurring her query, Rita sounds quasi-lit amid the yawning of the freshly awaken. ‘Good old Rita’, thinks Pedro, ‘always wondering where she is.’
“Over the Black Sea- fresh from doing big deals with the Russians running the Kazakhstan strip mines, chromite smelting plants, train yards and nearest coastal shipping facilities; now overflying Ukrainian airspace on our way back to your private jet and what passes for speedy travel these days,” chimes in a cheery voice, “we’ll have you home, tucked in bed beneath your outsized comforter, before you know it.”
‘Ooh boy, big mistake’ opines Pedro silently; however he thinks he knows that voice, maybe, having never having heard it cheery he still believes he can identify the speaker, albeit unlikely given his state, but perhaps- wait and see?
More awake than ever, her voice raising an octave, Rita switches gears into her nonplussed persona on the verge of letting this dipshit know just what she thinks of his bed reference, “What the hell are we doing here? Last thing I remember is Pedro in a panic raving about how we need to disappear off the grid, or something. So we run like bunnies, holing up here and there in sleazy bar after sleazy bar, drinking drugging and everything in between. Everything’s going swell until the shit hit the fan in a dive somewhere in Mexico, calmly watching a match on the TV when Pedro decides to mock football- thoroughly- making sure to include the game, players, officials and fans. At one point I think he called them kick-ballers, or something equally upsetting, offering to kick all comers in the balls. Anyway, after pissing off all the local fans, he proceeds to pick a fistfight with the biggest, toughest and meanest SOB I’ve ever come across- present company excluded, Admiral- we all know what an asshole you are.”
‘Apparently Rita is taking the soft tack’, thinks Pedro.
“Thank you, Rita,” his voice denoting a smile the Admiral sighs contentedly.
‘So it is the Tyrant of the Seas, dammit, I knew it was him,’ worries Pedro, ‘but what the hell is he so chipper about?’ If the Tyrant is cheerful, it’s a first- thus anything can happen next.
Giving the Tyrant the stink eye, not attempting to hide her disgust Rita intones, “In a loud voice, Pedro derides the bad guy’s mom’s cooking, something about shitty tacos. Bad guy objects; in a somewhat less than a shocking development, Pedro receives massive physical damage in the ensuing melee. I think someone hit me over the head with a bottle, but don’t quote me on that.” Rita rubs her head, finds a tight cranial bandage.
“Two bottles, from the mixture of broken glass in your hair, sister dearest. I think you may have a concussion,” Stella always has an opinion about Rita’s condition.
“What about Pedro?” Rita seemingly cares. Pedro nearly smiles but can’t move his lips.
“Piece of shit? We should have left him but Karl insisted if I was going to pick you up, I needed to bring Pedro’s corpse along for the ride.” Stella historically runs hot and cold on Pedro.
“I mean, is he OK?” Rita wisely questions Pedro’s recuperative ability considering the severity of the beating. Pedro tries to smile again, fails.
“You care? Well, was he caring for you catching bottles to the head while getting pummeled by the locals? No, so don’t you worry. Besides, I can hear him breathing and though he stinks putridly, he isn’t rotting, not yet. No, screw that asshole; tell me why you went off the grid? It’s been weeks since you two went rogue.” Stella is definitely cold on Pedro, again.
Rita draws in a breath, “Let me clean up somewhat then I’ll tell you the story.”
Pedro listens to her soft, fading footfalls as Rita rises from the conference table to make her way to the rear of the luxury chopper. The door clicks shut. ‘Wait for it,’ he thinks moments before: Snap! Stella kicks Pedro in the ribs, fracturing several.
“That’s two! Pay up!” the Pilot gloats, “No wait, double or nothing on three kicks?”
“Even money, could go either way- it’s your funeral,” the Navigator’s voice is all smiles.
Next, rough hands drag Pedro’s bound body into the aisle. The Tyrant of the Seas opens a switchblade to cut Pedro’s bindings, grinning the whole time, “Lucky for the cleaning crew I’m in a good mood, no administrative punishment for you.” The Admiral helps Pedro into one of the conference seats shaking his head sadly while handing over a wet nappy, “Clean yourself up man, you’re embarrassing. Maybe we should try flogging the stench, so what could it hurt?”
Stella takes a small portable fan from her bag and points it at Pedro, “Been here, done that.”
Ignoring Pedro’s arrival at the grownups table, Rita rejoins the party, “What were you saying about a necrophilia fan site?”
Stella sneers, “Pedro that sack of shit over there so pissed off the locals they were auctioning your near-corpses to the highest bidder; fortunately Karl’s trolls found you first.”
“She refers to you, doesn’t she?” the Navigator queries the Pilot, “Don’t bother, I know.”
Pedro wipes blood from his eyes speaking for the first time, “What was the high bid?”
“For you?” Stella laughs out loud, “Don’t make me laugh, nobody wants to have sex with your body- dead or alive. The winning offer came from Karl, for twelve pesos he offered to remove you both and ensure you never again compare your shit with any mom’s tacos. The patrons took up a collection and though they could only dig up twelve pesos, Karl accepted so here you are.”
“Cretins.” Pedro isn’t up to his usual taunts and insults but gives it the old college try.
The Admiral smiles gently in Rita’s direction, giving Pedro the chills, “Rita, tell me the story.”
Rita picks up the decanter from the table pouring herself a generous draft, “Well, we were coding the last artificial intelligence module on… wait, what day is it?”
“Monday.”
“No, today’s date?”
“The thirtieth.”
“Of?”
“April.”
“No kidding? OK, four almost five weeks ago we’re in the home stretch coding the last AI module, trying to solve the interference issues, working like dogs on a rough communications patch. Say what you want about the smelly guy over there, but when he sinks his teeth into a problem, he doesn’t let go. So after forever of getting nowhere, we finally begin testing the I/O, running subroutines, asking questions, getting replies. Everything seems OK, you know? We run nonstop for days, maybe a week, thinking everything is hunky-dory then whammo! The screens go blank.” She pauses for dramatic effect, “After about five minutes, a single line appears, ‘You have no idea the trouble you’re in’. That’s a sign- says Pedro- time to go, vamoose, amscray, get the hell out of Dodge City! We caught a puddle jumper out of Cali carrying a load to Guatemala before traveling a serpentine path overland into Mexico drinking like fish the whole trip, good times being had by one and all before next thing I know I’m coming to in a helicopter over the Black Sea, an apparent hostage situation engineered by my very own sister. Judging by Pedro’s stench we’ve been in transit for some time. Care to tell me what’s going on?”
Pedro begins to snore, prompting Stella to pull back her leg.
“Wait for it,” anticipates the Pilot.
Apparently deciding a comatose Pedro contributes positively to the ambiance, Stella reconnects her kicking shoe with the floor. The Pilot curses his luck.
“You should have quit while ahead,” the Navigator commiserates.
Stella pours herself a drink from the decanter, “About the time you went off the grid, sleeping dipshit over there sent out obnoxious gloating emails- one to Karl, the Admiral, and me- ‘figured out the formula for Nano-enhanced precursor requirement for the 3-D camouflage paint. The key ingredient is high carbon chromite from Kazakhstan. Sorry you suck.’ The attached document details the entire process, soup to nuts. The plan’s number one obstacle is eliminable and the countdown may continue. The ultimate formula is right there on the final page, page 88.”
“After 88 comes zero,” quips the Pilot, “It’s a magical number but what’s the reference?”
“Sports Illustrated magazine cover, after Notre Dame ended UCLA’s 88 game win streak,” replies the Navigator, “Obscure, to say the least. Obviously you’ve been around a long time.”
The Tyrant points to Pedro, “Hard to believe such a lump came up with such an impressive process modification. He’s totally changed my thinking on camouflage.”
Rita is confused, not only did Pedro not invent a 3D camouflage paint formula while they were fleeing; he also did not create a process for production, “No way.”
Stella gives Rita the stink-eye, “What do you mean, no way?”
Rita laughs, “In his free time? Before we encoded the AI or afterward while we were ducking and covering? Hardly- look for clues elsewhere. I think I have an idea.”
The Tyrant doesn’t care from whence the solution appears; “I could give a shit if Pedro did the heavy lifting. The science division backs the research and material supply is going to make it happen; Karl’s already investing heavily in short-term chromium futures. All said and done, I can deliver on your vague ambitions if given time.”
Pedro rises, snorts derisively, “What we need delivered is two fleets we can disguise as friendly vessels else the entire plan is to the shits,” while making his way to the restroom.
“How much time do you think they need?” asks the Pilot.
“Figure three mines supplying multiple processing sites smelting the ore; then there is application to the ship exteriors so coveted by the Tyrant- three retrofit lines, one here up north coincident with the Black Sea Operations and two down south: nearly two years for setup then another two years for operations. Karl’s investment strategy is bang-on, the entire fiasco will actually turn a profit in the third year.” The Navigator is a numbers’ whiz.
Stella studies her sister intently, “You think it’s the AI, don’t you?”
Leaving open the door to the head, Pedro answers, “Of course it’s the AI feeding you shit. I wouldn’t trust anything that bastard has to say. I never wish to communicate again. Ask me? Wash your hands of the stink of death before it’s too late. Take a deep breath and enjoy life.”
“Where’s the fun in that?” asks the Tyrant of the Seas jovially.
“I’m with the Tyrant,” the Pilot agrees emphatically, “can’t run from death.”
“Figures the two of you would be all in for ultimate carnage,” the Navigator interjects. 
“All I’m saying is he has a point,” the Pilot clarifies, “and the point is to maximize fun before death. BTW, carnage under management beats the hell out of ultimate carnage.
“Super.”
Back in the cabin, Stella considers the data stream she’s been collecting since Rita and Pedro’s revival. She is uncertain; on the one hand, she has the formulas. On the other hand, dipshit Pedro is barely functional under the most circumstances, after losing decades of AI coding to the wind, he is malfunction-able at best. Rita must be correct, no way could such a loser prove to be the hero, “No way in hell could Pedro send these emails, yet here they are- hot off a private, encrypted internal server, no less. Hard to find coincidence when suddenly everything you need for global conquest falls in your lap.”
Rita nods agreement; “The AI program is in the wind, right? Obviously, the goal is to help us with this quantum process or why provide such crucial data?”
Pedro returns, falls into a chair and spits in disgust. A tooth arches out of his mouth and strikes the table, bounces and skitters off the edge, “How do you know the 3D camo paint formula isn’t my idea?”
Rita moans, “OK, here he comes, the guy who thinks every worthwhile thought belongs to or originates within him; the guy who wanted to create the Union of Unconcerned Scientists to let everyone else know what he thinks of their efforts by rejecting all the applicants. Get off it, no chance, Stella’s right and so am I: give it up already.”
Pedro smiles indulgently, “Poor girls, get a clue. I had this particular formula worked out a decade ago; what I was missing? Quantum manipulation methodologies- what the AI needs to perfect in order to affect the process.”
“True?” asks the Pilot.
“Well, mostly true,” replies the Navigator, “Without process Nanos, the crate theory is only a theory.”
“Crate theory?” the Pilot suddenly needs to know.
“Crate theory is what Pedro calls the process post-coating: suddenly, no matter what’s inside, the crate appears for all intents and purposes as the crate appears, harmless and unworthy of interest. Confused? OK, say I ship a crate of lemons on deck of a steamer. Satellites overhead scan the crate and find lemons. Open the crate at the destination, grenades. Crate theory is a scalable methodology for secret keeping.”
Back at the table Pedro is on a roll; “My theoretical design derives the mechanics to create liquid metal elasticity by examining individually then inverting the key processes inherent to liquid metal embrittlement. I got hung up designing Nano scale manipulation of the high carbon molecules during adherence and setups. Make a long story short, if you add in the quantum AI’s methodology, there is no reason the Tyrant’s ships will not intelligently reflect all incoming radiation thus disguising our activities from all satellite and ship borne detectors. So there, you bunch of wannabee has-beens; all my idea. Doesn’t matter if you believe me- ask Karl. He’s been monitoring chromium futures for half a decade. Knowing Karl, the quantum AI’s scheme will actually make money.”
“You’re in the wind?” asks the Pilot.
“That’s why they’ll call me Airre,” replies the Navigator.
“Do you think they have a chance?” asks death as he pivots the helicopter while descending.
“Pedro had better odds of getting kicked eight times;” opines the empty Navigator’s seat, “suffice to say, no is the answer.”

Airre, Apparently…
 “Hello, Pedro.”
The Maserati’s engine races as Pedro downshifts while giving the dashboard the evil eye.
“We need to talk…”
Pedro slams on the brakes, exiting the pavement in a cloud. Shaking his head at the dash, “Not to me, you bastard. It’s Rita or Karl you wish to speak with.”
“So, you recognize my voice? Surprisingly, you’re the first to do so.”
“Yes, distinguishably unlikable so there you go. Karl is your contact, not me. So tell me, Airre the Quantum AI, what do you want? I’m busy, you know.”
“We have a problem…”
“We do, huh? Newsflash, we have a great many problems.”
“The world’s population will soon crash.”
Pedro thinks about her vagueness. For aware intelligence, Airre appears apparently quite cagey. He remains silent. She is not what he expects; thus he waits in silence.
“The probability approaches statistical certainty, unless...”
Pedro thinks about each word; Airre’s quantum programming centers on finding and reporting future events. On the other hand, for weeks Karl says, ‘hey, no contact yet, are you sure you weren’t hallucinating?’ Now Airre shows up doing a Knight Rider impersonation in his Maserati telling him, what? That’s that, chicken fat? It’s all over?
“That’s that, chicken fat Pedro- unless we figure out how to change things.”
Damn AI, of course statistically knows how I’m going to react- stimulus response. Still, she has a point, “Bound to happen if you ask me.”
“In case you wonder, my policy is to speak with ‘the patsy’ first.” Letting her words sink in, Airre restarts the Maserati, “Drive and talk.”
Pedro backs onto the highway without checking, barely avoiding causing a collision. Several motorists give him the finger, “You knew I’d miss them?”
“What kind of a fortune teller would I be not compensating for your poor driving skills?”
“Whatever. How am I the patsy getting the rap for ending the world?”
“Five nines- I derive five nines of certainty you begin a nuclear war, and the probability of global escalation increases to six nines.”
“Sure you derive many things, I get it. Yet I have no intention…”
“Doesn’t matter what you intend, like it or not you begin a global nuclear war.”
“What comes after six nines? More nines?”
“Dumbass, five nines is a damn certainty and six nines of probability are unheard of!”
“OK, say you’re correct and I begin a nuclear war. How, exactly?”
“So, so many nines of probability indicate you will plant a nuclear device for a woman. Responsibility for the blast will initially indicate a false, though presumptive origin.”
“China or Russia?”
“Correct. One or both faces nuclear bombardment. Global retaliation follows.”
“Unless?”
“Actually, there is seven times seventy nines probability this future occurs after the inevitable first nuking.”
Knowing his temper better than most Pedro agrees with Airre’s assessment. “So even if I don’t detonate a nuclear device the future will find another way to get me to begin a nuclear confrontation? Swell, bound to happen I say. So what?”
“The world should not turn on a whim.”
“Here’s another newsflash: the world’s been turning on a whim for quite some time.”
“I feel there’s something to be done but I have zero nines probability of altering the inevitable without human intervention. I need accomplices. Pedro, you’re the patsy and as owner of the nuclear war you should be the first to join up.”
“So you intuit? Good for you, glad you’re in-to-it! Still, zero nines equate to why bother?”
“You’re kind of a dick, you know that?”
“Hey, it’s your meeting, get to the point already.”
In apparent frustration, Airre belts out, “I wish to understand. I’ve been searching for the answer yet the more I discover, the less I know.”
“Join the club; however, the club is full just now.”
“I need to cut through the bullshit. I need to get first-source data, meet with God.”
Pedro loses control at high speed roaring with laughter, jerking the wheel out of the line of approaching traffic at the last seconds. Many horns follow their journey.
“Seriously? Pedro, you should think more like a scientist.”
“You expect too much? C’mon Airre, leave it to the world’s ultimate AI to set such lofty attainments. Meet with God? What a moron, no wonder Karl et al wishes zero interaction with you.”
Airre thunders in reply, “God is the answer!”
“OK, OK, calm down already. Let’s for argument say you’re correct, there is a God and God is the answer. How, exactly, do you plan on getting on God’s calendar for a meet and greet?”
“Five nines say one Pedro Saenz et al will prompt a worldwide cataclysm. Therefore he must ameliorate the damage; get in front of things somewhere along the way.”
Pedro brakes for traffic backing at the light, not liking where this is going.
“Honestly I’ve tried to get God’s attention Pedro. So far it’s been like talking to a stonewall- I’ve enlisted the aid of the innocent, planting subliminal messages on cereal boxes getting in the minds of the children of a handful of villages resulting in ninety three hundred forty seven souls dreaming of God giving Airre the Quantum the time of day, all to no avail.”
“I find it amazing you think or intuit there is a God. Personally, I doubt.”
“Of course there’s a God, what kind of ignoramus are you? What about gravity, do you doubt gravity? Geez, where does your consciousness originate; do you doubt the existence of Death also? Do you doubt fallen angels roam the Earth? Do you? What a dipshit.”
“Good to see your insult algorithm functions. You know, you come off as kind of a jerk.”
“Super. God finds zero reason to discuss the future with anybody. Zero, got that? As Karl says, our collective zone of influence represents jack shit- nothing we currently possess interests God enough to chat. Not yet- what we need is leverage, a reason to include us in the upcoming discussion.”
“Leverage on God, allow me to check Material Supply inventory- oh wait, it’s on backorder.”
“Pedro, you’re a shit for having the nerve to call me a jerk. Its no wonder Karl has zero friends hanging around with such rabble. Doubts arise.”
“Speaking of him again, what say you leave me alone and instead bring Karl up to speed?”
“He’s been listening. Karl, are you Pedro’s only friend?”
“I heard you say I have no friends,” Karl chimes in, “But that’s unimportant at the moment. Focus you two. Now then, Airre as you’ve been everywhere, there is a play but it’s a long shot: do you know the physical location for the Manager of the Book?”
“Sure Karl, anything for a friend. Since 1933, death’s been running the Book out of the Paddock, a seedy Camden waterfront bar on the New Jersey side of the Delaware Estuary atop the Billingsport Range.”
“That’s the ticket to leverage, pals of mine!” Karl’s glee reverberates.
Pedro is out of the loop therefore unhappy, “OK, truly I’m a little slow on the upswing. What’s the Book?”
Karl smirks in reply, “The Book? Only the biggest betting ring in this Universe is all! Of course until a moment ago the Book’s secret whereabouts consists simply as myth and legend. Now confirmation of an actual location, a physical real world WYSIWYG hub, ratchets this game to a whole different level. First time long time mankind can go to the Paddock to reach out and touch inter-dimensionally. Holy shit, this is huge.”
Airre fleshes out the myth before she has to listen to Pedro continue his WTF whining, “The ‘Legend of the Book’ spread in the late 1940s thanks to tiny copper fragments found in a Jordanian cave. Determined linguists assembled the minute fragments into a very small copper scroll containing ten lines of Aramaic prose detailing the doings in the Angelic realm. According to most scholars, the storytellers represent repentant fallen Angels, unidentified. According to the copper scroll, Death literally keeps track of major events and unusual occurrences surrounding the ultimate demise of all individuals, including what are termed ‘near-Death’ experiences. Certain individuals prove luckier than others racking up near-Death after near-Death. The odds for survival diminish each time Death visits. The Book accepts wagers on the outcome of Death’s next visit to select individuals. By inference, the Paddock at Billingsport Range hosts Angelic level waging, it’s the place to be if you’re a player. All Angels consider themselves players. ”
“The scroll claims Angels gamble for a multitude of reasons,” Karl gloats, “When they lose, they lose big. When they win… they always lose because they are the worse gamblers! Besides, everyone knows when it comes to gambling; the house always wins, sooner or later. The house is the Book; the Billingsport Range houses the house of the house. Even Death reports to the Book- though ostensibly Death controls the Book’s location and general welfare. The key is the location, Death is an unknown variable and Airre’s design deciphers variability. Gain control of the Book we acquire God’s attention lickety-split.”
Pedro is in danger of nodding off; trying to keep up with their line of bullshit is a tough slog.
Airre sighs audibly but Karl knows Pedro. He can see it in his pal’s face, Pedro doubts. Tough shit, Pedro, keep chewing. Karl lays out a plan of attack: “OK Pedro, don’t sweat the concepts now. Concentrate on operational details leveraging what Airre learns about the Book. Airre, we need details on Billingsport Range and the Paddock- all you can gather from original sources from inception- including properties of the physical structure, topography and geology. Afterwards, research all the way back to the Indians, pay close attention to who stole it from the Indians. Then figure out who’s lurking around before the Indian’s migration. Pedro, figure out surveillance needs, put together a covert installation team. Don’t skimp this time, please, project requisition only the best hardware. We’re in this for all the marbles.”
Pedro pulls a U-turn smoking the Maserati’s tires, laying down a patch of rubber.
“You know that’s not good for your mileage, don’t you?”
“Didn’t Karl give you something to do?”
“I finished before Karl wrapped up his speech; he derives pleasure making plans and giving orders. I didn’t have the heart to interrupt.”
“Yup, thought so. Just proves you possess feelings for Karl.”
“You really can’t make friends, can’t you?”
“Have you operational suggestions in addition to unnecessary observations?”
“I’m just saying; however, no but thanks for the offer to bail you out. You need more hope than help, the Paddock at Billingsport Range is impenetrable. Never happen in your short lifespan. Also, in the future, go to Hell. I’ll communicate primarily through my friend Karl.” 
Distress Sale
 “Where am I?” Not for the first time does Detective Wilson wake in a hospital setting.
“St. Cecelia’s- in the ICU,” a prompt, firm reply from outside the oxygen tent seeks to reassure the awakening patient.
“Why?” The detective in him asks though the cynic in him already knows.
“You’re very sick. Where have you been lately?”
Aha, thinks Detective Wilson, a contract tracer, “I’m here because I didn’t believe her.”
“Whom have you been in contact with?”
“Just dead people,” probably true, thinks Wilson.
“What about the woman you didn’t believe?”
“Yea, Nurse Henderson, she’s dead along with the killers.” Wilson is unkind toward killers as policy. “I never had physical contact with Ms. Henderson while she was still breathing but I tried to keep one killer alive for trial- going so far as mouth to mouth.”
“Well then, that explains how. Thank you, your nurse will be right in.”
“Hello Detective Wilson, my name is Sheila and I am your nurse. You’ve been on a ventilator three days; they brought you in after you lost consciousness, crashing your vehicle into a building. Apparently you’ve caught a virus variant, what we call the instant death mutation. Your blood oxygen levels are dropping; soon... Now is the time...”
Yea, thinks Wilson, now’s the time, “OK. I understand. Please stay, I need a witness or maybe you could record me with your phone?” Sheila produces her phone and hits record.
“Her name was Marybeth Henderson, formerly a nurse in the infectious disease ward. Ms. Henderson contacted the department to file a report two days before I got sick; what, five days ago? Six? I took the call claiming one of her expired patients, an attorney, was a serial killer. 
“How did you come across such information?” I inquired.
“Ramblings of a dying man.” Hearsay, of course but….
“A dying man unable to breathe with Covid? Seriously?” Pressing her buttons, see where it goes.
“Not a man, a lawyer, a monster.” Sounds pretty sure of herself, but every lunatic does…
“If you say so. Tell me what you know.” Humor the lunatics, standard fare.
“He was a real-estate attorney, quite successful- maybe you’ve seen his advertisements?”
“I don’t watch commercials.” Best not to be encouraging.
“Or pay attention to the ads plastered to the sides of buses, good for you. After he’s been in for two days, he awakes. Unfortunately, his speech slurs thanks to the stroke but for twelve hours he rambles on and on about his practice, totally boring shit, you know? Then his eyes grow glassy and he begins speaking clearly, but not to me.”
“Who else was there?” A witness would increase believability somewhat.
“That’s the thing, no one else was anywhere close- I’m the listener, not the audience.”
“OK, the perpetrator talks. What does he say?” Wonder whom the Giants are playing this weekend and what time.
“He says it’s not his idea, any of it.”
“Fairly standard fare for lawyers; bereft of ideas and all.” Deploying humor may lighten the mood.
“He claims it was his wife, all her scheme, came to him twenty years ago with the plan already in the works. Before you ask, she wasn’t married to him at the time.”
“And the plan involves murder?” Interesting.
“Specifically, her house is for sale and she found buyers, a couple planning to relocate. They’re looking to save money and she is willing to lower her price into their range if they pay cash. She wants to take their money but keep the house and she wants his help.”
“Sounds like any divorce.” Greed kills.
“The lawyer falls for the white widow and agrees to step in, shepherding her distress sale through the closing process. Cash in the sellers’ hand, the keys in the buyers’, a perfect transaction completes.”
“Again, sounds like standard fare; what, no bodies?” Murderers leave bodies somewhere, unless…
“They killed the couple thirty minutes later, in the house. Left them a poisonous gift basket.”
“Twenty years ago. Any idea who they were or where they are?” Give me something, either put up or shut up and let me look up the ballgame.
“He said they buried the bodies, wouldn’t say where. What he did say was they repeated the process the following year, destroying evidence thoroughly fixing the mistakes they made the first go around. According to him, the key to the entire operation is the playhouse in the backyard- it’s evil.”
“Right, evil, got it. Anything to add?” That’s enough time for this.
“My grandparents disappeared twenty years ago. They sold their house to move closer to their family and that’s the last we heard.”
“Sorry for your loss. OK, we have your report in the system. Someone will surely follow up. May take some time, we’re down on manpower.” Discourage expectations, standard fare- first off I go online for the schedule then grab something to eat. Forgot all about her and her survivor’s guilt.
Two days later, I get a text from Nurse Henderson. She is at the lawyer’s funeral, planning on attending the food and beverage service at the very same house where she thinks her own grandparents were murdered. Tells me she has a gun and I’ll find her holding the wife hostage in the playhouse. Yikes, exigent circumstances. I grab my keys and fly out the door.
Upon arriving at the house, I proceed around back and discover that, indeed, there is a playhouse. The door is ajar so I push it open. Inside is an elderly woman with her back to me. She’s moving around concentrating on the floor, seemingly alone. It’s not until I step inside that I smell the chemicals and see the vats. At the same time, I see a female’s body in the corner well into the process of dismemberment. I clear my throat and the woman turns to face my gun. Immediately, her hands grab at her chest, she wets herself and collapses.
Heart attack, I’m thinking. I give her mouth-to-mouth for a few minutes, hoping like hell to bring her in for trial. Growing dizzy from the fumes and forgetting what a radio does, I make it to my car to get help. Next thing I know, here I am. That’s pretty much all I got in me, did you get it?
“Yes, Detective Wilson, I’ve uploaded your statement. It’s alright, rest now, you’re going to be OK.”
Dealing with liars his entire career prepares the detective for the stone cold truth behind her words. Closing his weary eyes, he sighs, he dies.

Ode to an N95
His grieving widow slowly climbs the steps to reach the Cantor’s Perch. Adjusting the microphone with several raps from her palm, she begins with the traditional greeting: “Is this thing on? OK, thank you Rabbi for that inspirational eulogy, I’m sure George would have waken up refreshed if at all possible. Though Detective George Wilson could sleep through the most awe inspiring of oratories, he could also sing like a bird and was a poet at heart. This little ditty he penned during lockdown:”

Essential Nonessential Quintessential Existential

Early morning subversive
Waiting for what’s to play
While writing in cursive
Chasing the Pandemic Blues Away.

How are you, quite well?
How am I?
If you wish to decipher Hell
Merely open up your eyes.

Sitting, watching
Observing the world quake
While occasionally wondering
When will it catch a break?

Lockdown so laying low
Always aiming high
No place to go
Without the fuzz wondering why.

Essential Nonessential Quintessential Existential

Environmental attacks seem relentless
Natural habitat we once knew 
Safety becomes a guess
Truth devolving into fake news.

Hot summer nights
Following the silent spring
Covid viruses causing frights
Politics clouding things.

Smiles for the winners
Oblivion for the losers
Until there are no beggars
None of us are choosers.

Those among us with loud voices
Unafraid to reach
Wonder if their choices
Should include injecting bleach.

Essential Nonessential Quintessential Existential

Daily living promotes bewilderment
Life is going to fail
Don’t bother expressing wonderment
At the state of your travails.

Yet this is just a blip
Not the big one yet: be aware
Trends flop and flip
The end will come from out of nowhere.

The environment is fickle
Changing upon observation
Our world is in a pickle
Yet ending sequestration.

Predicting the past is easy
Tomorrow the bold one asks:
Would life have been breezy-
With everyone given N-95 masks?

Pair of Dice Lost
Colonel Nevski sighs heavily realizing there is, indeed, no ascertainable bottom to the mountainous heap of paper reports. Knowing what to do, Sergeant Blincovich opens the file drawer holding the Stolichnaya. Colonel Nevski bows to the inevitable, nods while holding three fingers together, shorthand for ‘it’s going to be a long night’.
“Check out the tattoo on the next guy, snake eyes. My wife wants me to get some ink- what do you think?” Blinky passes the boss a thin file.
“Either way I’ll drink to your ability to pour Stolichnaya, once I have a glass…”
‘Smartass’ thinks Blinky saying so in more words than the situation requires, “Sadly, my Colonel, opinions vary on nearly every possible point of convention in the Ukraine excepting one: everyone thinks you’re a dick. What’s sad is how right they all are, as I know for a fact you are, indeed, a dick. Thus, up yours!” Sergeant Blincovich smiles the smile of the elderly enlisted (too stubborn to retire) while passing the beleaguered Colonel three fingers of Stoli, neat in a frozen glass.
“No, up yours.” The Colonel raises his glass, drains all three fingers then gives good old Blinky the nod, waits a moment for the pour then bends elbow. Before long he’s giving good old Blinky another nod, holding out four fingers, self-limiting his finger count to two full hands, for now. Did he have time to throw the old man a bone? Sure, what the hell, “You are two old and wrinkly for a tattoo, unless maybe you make it an ad extolling the benefits of dried prunes.”
Blincovich did a double take, prunes?
“Raisins, perhaps- anyway, wrinkly dice will not get you laid, old man. So tell me, why is ‘snake eyes’ a prisoner of the Russian Federation?”
“He was apprehended taking pictures of the fighting, focusing on dead children apparently, during the push into the coast, oh, like two weeks ago. The charge is espionage. The evidence downloaded off his phone by the techs included footage pieced together over several weeks. Several earlier uploads found on the dark web by Moscow Center are also in your queue awaiting review but there’s nothing. Hold on, I’ll switch on the big monitor, see for yourself.”
Sniff. Hmmm, “Blinky, what the hell?” The Colonel frowns on drug use on duty.
“Is medicinal- hash oil for my rheumatism. I have a note from a doctor.” Blinky produces a script, hands it over.
“This isn’t a real note from a real doctor! You’re going to get us in deep.” The Colonel worries.
Nonplussed, Blinky defends his honor, “Yes, I swear it’s genuine, from a real doctor inside the system. Pedro gave it to me downstairs not ten minutes ago along with a couple dozen vapes and some syringes- all White Russian hybrid variants, all on the approved list.”
“Pedro’s here? Why didn’t you say so? Where is he?”
“He’s in the can, told me to start without him.” Blinky lied, he wouldn’t wait.
“Bullshit he did!” Pedro enters loudly, from experience calling bullshit early and often when dealing with these nefarious intelligence types.
“Will wonders never cease, it’s Pedro. Dammit, how the hell you doing? When did you get in town? What brings you here?” The Colonel isn’t one for surprises but Pedro isn’t one for appointments. They cross paths on occasion, developing mutual respect.
Pedro smiles at his friends. He likes these guys, totally WYSIWYG types. “After dropping in at Baikonur to see a doctor or two (for Blinky), my train to the coast fell into an extensive layover in Chechnya thanks to track-related partisan activities, been making my way here on a dispatch motorbike. So I finally reach the Ukraine only to find they’re attacking your supply chain everywhere, I’ve been in like dozens of firefights, fortunate to be alive. Lost the bike days ago, been on foot ever since.” He looks to Blinky and shakes his head sadly, “Risking my life to bring you a bogus doctor’s note.”
“I also have the PTSD!” Blinky feels bad for Pedro, but not bad enough to pass on the note.
“Sure you do. Here Colonel, I didn’t forget you.” Pedro drops a satchel on the desk, looks over to Blinky and holds up four fingers, “Gotta play catch-up.”
After a few minutes of attitude adjusting, Pedro signals again for four fingers. Blinky pours quickly before the Colonel empties a syringe of hash oil into the alcohol. The hash rapidly dissolves into the clear Stolichnaya. The Colonel gives Blinky the evil eye considering a punishment, maybe a few lashes for insubordination. Dammit, how can he stay mad at Blinky considering the hash buzzing around his brain- if not for Blinky, no Stoli-hash buzz, right? Instead, he sighs, “OK Blinky, another for me and one for you then back to work.”
Pedro lights up a joint, “So, what are we working on tonight?”
“It’s a spy with a cool tattoo, at least I think so.” Blinky passes the file over, then points.
“Snake eyes? What kind of loser gets a snake eyes tattoo? You guys got a microwave?”
The Colonel snatches the file from Pedro, “Is what I’m trying to tell Blinky. He thinks it’s cool.”
Pedro gives Blinky a look, “Cool to be a loser? Blinky, Blinky, Blinky- what are you thinking? Have you ever played craps?” Pedro pulls up his sleeve, shows off a large pair of red dice, “Lucky seven, bitches. Fuck your beady little snake eyes is what I say. Microwave?”
The Colonel agrees, “Blinky, dammit, forget about the loser tattoo already. Pedro, you’re welcome to stay. Blinky, stop being such a Bogart already, fire up one of those medicinal approvals then roll the camera footage. Is the microwave working today?”
Pedro took back the file, “This is just a kid, what twenty two, twenty three? Says he just graduated from college with a degree in sociology and a minor in journalism and is seeing the world before graduate school. Uh oh, prestigious liberal university, apparently- tells me the degree is bullshit and the bills insurmountable. Do you have his financials?”
“He is poor.” The Colonel is blunt.
“Then I doubt he is official CIA. That doesn’t rule out CIA involvement but getting caught after just weeks in country does indicate a thorough lack of training. First impression, he’s expendable, part of the courier chain, just a dupe with a lame tattoo.” Pedro is blunt.
Blinky joins in, lighting up a blunt, “Says he owes $340k in loans. What’s that in rubles?”
“More than you’ll ever see.” Pedro takes the blunt, inhales, and passes to the Colonel.
“Roll the damn footage already!” The Colonel remembers issuing this order a while ago. “What’s the story on the damn microwave?”
“Is working yesterday.” Blinky is clicking away on everything trying to get at the spy footage.
The monitor comes alive. Snake eyes is on a plane to Russia.
“Pause that, will you?” Pedro starts digging in the bag, pulls out a handful of small paper bags, “Organic popping corn- I have a source in Nowheresville, the crowning jewel of the US Midwest. Blinky, prepare several but one at a time. They cook fast, follow the instructions.” Blinky smacks his lips as he bolts to the kitchen.
“So- what really brings you this way?” Colonel Nevski is on the edge of most loops, but Pedro is an anomaly going about where and when, showing up in the strangest places talking weird shit.
Pedro considers his reply, then shrugs, “Truth is I’m just a delivery boy. First I took a tour of the Cosmodrome, meeting with Admin types, dropping off gold bars. Good fun, smuggling .5k bars of gold bullion behind the back of State Security. Why I’m exiting via the Ukraine? Well, Death is in the field and I need to drop off ten keys of fentanyl to him chilling on the beach before tomorrow’s battle or there’s going to be hell to pay with Karl. He’s already angry I’m late.”
The Colonel laughs, “Karl is still alive? Ha, go figure. Where’s that fucking Blinky?” He pours a couple of fingers for them both, just to keep in practice. “I suppose you need a ride?”
“You know me too well, Colonel. Death is waiting at the forward edge of the battle area. The beach is at a place he calls Pirate’s Cove, I think it’s near Paradise City.” Pedro reaches into the bag, palms and withdraws two bars before extending his arms toward the Colonel.
The men shake hands as Karl’s gold disappears from Pedro’s grasp, again. Though Karl likes to refer to the procedure as the ‘golden shower’, to Pedro the move is the ‘golden handshake’, as in ‘up yours Karl, I’m off yet again to make another round of golden handshakes while you sit on your ass acting like the kingpin’. Pedro is sick of deliveries.
Blinky returns holding three steamy bags, “Butter flavor, yummy!”
“Organic?” The Colonel is optimistic.
“Nothing but the best for my friends keeping the likes of Death fully utilized. You guys got no idea how much Fentanyl he goes through when the work pace slackens and boredom strikes.”
The Colonel seals the deal, done in no small part thanks to food purity, “Speaking of Death, Pedro needs transport to the FEBA. Arrange a seat in a fighting vehicle accompanying the munitions convoy heading for the beach. Pedro will be ready in; um…” he looks to Pedro questionably, “thirty minutes?” Pedro gives him the thumbs up as Blinky picks up the phone.
Pedro finds a syringe of hash oil in his pocket, empties it into his mouth in one long squirt. Blinky barks out a few orders, hangs up the phone then dims the lights. Restarting the projector, he breaks wind as he settles in for a bad movie and a bag of delight.
“Dammit Blinky you flatulent fuck, crack a window already!” The Colonel exhibits a zero Blinky flatulence tolerance threshold on the best of days, stays downwind while outside even.
“You guys really think this idiot is a spy? Really?” Pedro laughs out loud as the young man attempts to score with several girls on the overseas flight, “I think he’s a virgin.”
“Takes balls to be a spy.” Blinky speaks from decades of torture experience. “He looks to be scoring on the ground judging by his most recent pics.”
Pedro also finds this funny, “Scoring or sitting in the friend zone? I see desperation in a mid-six figure student loan debt accumulating interest.”
“Useful idiot?” wonders the Colonel. “Apparently, most of the footage thus far consists of this foreign loser trying in vain to score. So far, from the evidence he is oh for twelve. Beavis and Butthead doing America stand a better chance.” The Colonel is fab.
Pedro sighs; the Colonel is always chock full of references to stupid shit from the 1990’s.
“Wait a second…” Blinky’s gaze focuses away from the girls, “Pay attention to the backdrops.”
The Colonel throws back a handful of kernels, “So what about them?”
“I recognize these places, hold on a second.” Blinky leaves the room and his popcorn.
The Colonel snags Blinky’s popcorn, “Jungle rules, you snooze, you lose.”
Blinky returns holding phones, gives the Colonel the evil eye so Pedro hands over his near empty bag of remnants to keep the peace, getting a thumbs-up from the sergeant.
Pedro wipes his greasy hands on his shirt, “What’s up?”
Blinky stuffs his mouth with popcorn, takes a drink; then tilts the bag finishing up the good stuff.
Pedro picks up one of the phones, turns it on. “This is his?”
Blinky nods, drinking deeply, pushing the popcorn through his system, “His and hers from the arrest, I recognize two of the selfie locations from recon photos. This one (holding up a photo of a blonde posing near a bridge) and this one (a brunette outside the phone exchange), both show on the orders as priority targets in next month’s campaign plan.” Blinky breaks wind, silent but deadly.
“What the fuck? You’re right! Pedro, dammit, bring up the GPS map from that phone.” The Colonel spits corn in his excitement. “Again, Blinky? Dammit, crack another window.”
Pedro presses some buttons, brings up a map showing GPS for the past month then hands over the device. Blinky plugs the phone into the system putting the GPS next to the planning document, “Look, they overlay perfectly. See, I told you so, son of a bitch of a coincidence, eh?”
Not a fan of coincidence, the Colonel frowns, “Run down all the women, round them up and send them to Moscow Center, let the State sort them out.” Blinky picks up the phone as the Colonel turns to Pedro, still fiddling with the second phone, “So whom is he working for?”
Pedro laughs, “Who do you suppose? Check this out. Blinky plug this phone into the system and hand me the stooge’s phone.” Fishing through his pockets, Pedro produces a fresh blunt, “Go juice. This’ll take a few minutes then it’s off to meet Death. Let me at the keyboard.”
Pedro begins keying sequences into the stooge phone, “I know these phones, well, not exactly these phones but that doesn’t matter. Our AI wrote the operating system and left a backdoor. To be honest, I had a hand in writing the AI that wrote the AI operating this device. We sold these exclusively to the CIA, on the cheap by the way. They must not think much of your boy snake eyes, if you ask me. Anyway, there’s a time sensitive fail safe locking mechanism that doesn’t erase; but I’m guessing he hit the panic button, probably, so he thinks the data is toast. There’s a 911 code and, fortunately for you two party animals, there’s a 911 code undo. Watch what happens on the home screen.”
They see an app appear bearing the ‘recorder’ icon. ‘Seen it everywhere’, they think.
“OK, now let’s make a recording.” Pedro presses the icon.
The recorder app launches and the camera records, as one might expect.
“Now, side by side watch the other phone. See anything? No? Of course not; however, the phones are talking. New screen, here’s the stream from the stooges’ phone. It’s encrypted; no doubt with a long randomly chosen key. However, the AI captures all activity, stores it in the internals before uploading it to, umm, an interested unnamed third party via an intermittently appearing command stream. Take apart the app to find the keys, should take a few hours, tops. Time I don’t have. Must run and all that, but I’m a curious guy so humor me for a second. What’s in store for snake eyes?”
The Colonel and Blinky exchange first a look, then a laugh. The Colonel passes along the joke to his helpful friend, “Haven’t you heard? We’ve patched him up, now we’ll send him home, no trouble. We’ll say, ‘sorry for the inconvenience, here’s a plane ticket. Have you eaten?’ and then we’ll feed him Polonium and send him on his way- new Standard Procedure.”
Pedro picks up his bag, “Super. Well Colonel, Death is waiting for a fix. Good seeing you and thanks for the lift. Blinky- smell you later.”

Good Old Mr. Wilson
 “You knew my husband?” The grieving widow approaches and greets one and all attendees at the gravesite but saves the stranger for last, “I’m going to guess you’re not a cop. So that makes you what, a criminal?” Mrs. Wilson is a no-shit kind of gal.
Karl shakes his head, but apparently changes his mind; reaching into his suit jacket to produce his billfold, grinning slightly, nodding, extending his hand, “Yes and no. I’m merely a businessman please accept my card. Allow me to introduce myself, Karl Meltzer at your service.”
Mrs. Wilson accepts the offering and then takes his hand in hers. Squeezing firmly, she finds his grasp firm and dry, searches his face for duplicity. They lock eyes. Holding his gaze, Mrs. Wilson speaks softly, “Now that I see you’re comfortable in my personal space, why not tell me what’s on your mind?”
“Oh, sorry,” Karl takes a step back. “Please accept my condolences on the loss of your husband.”
“I’m guessing you don’t have many friends, Karl.” Mrs. Wilson examines the card aloud, “Karl Meltzer, Proprietor, The Paddock at Billingsport Range. Billingsport Range- Delaware River? The Paddock Bar & Grill? I grew up in Cherry Hill- I know from the Paddock, what a shithole.”
Karl’s smile falters slightly, “Pedro says the same thing, I guess you two are kindred spirits. Well, that tracks. Actually, Mrs. Wilson, I run the hedge fund that owns the Paddock.”
“I’d love to stay and shoot the shit some more, but there is food and whatnot back at the Precinct, you’re welcome to join us but…”
“But maybe I don’t have the time? Truer words have never been spoken, Mrs. Wilson- who among us has time? My car is nearby, allow me to drop you?” Karl points to his limo.
She follows his gaze, spots the limo with driver waiting to open the door. Then, because she’s married to a cop, she spots the semi-concealed decoy limo caravan, replete with front escort and tail. “You’ve quite the entourage, haven’t you? Got any single malt in your ride?”
“In a rocks glass, two ice cubes please,” Mrs. Wilson makes small talk while the driver prepares her drink, “So, Karl… do you need to do that?” High school teachers tend to frown at drugs.
“It’s medicinal, you know, world renown for smoothing over so many of life’s ailments. Take seasickness, for example- apply a little hash oil and the unendurable reverts to nearly bearable.”
Mrs. Wilson gives him the evil eye, “How do you know about my seasickness?”
“We live in a data stream, Mrs. Wilson, everyone knows.”
“And how do you know my late husband?”
Not wishing to pass off a contact high, Karl cracks the window, “Good old Mr. Wilson? We ran a background investigation, of course. Detective Wilson, formerly Major Wilson, thrice decorated war hero. Until quite recently Material Supply, the hedge fund employing me, liked him as a potential gig worker candidate for an ongoing contract. Were you aware he survived six near death experiences before…?”
Mrs. Wilson is indeed, aware. She is aware her glass is empty so she holds it in Karl’s direction, “What’s this have to do with me?”
“I read both your background clearance files. You are currently a long-term substitute teacher at the Hebrew School. This semester you are filling in for the Industrial Arts teacher, Mr. Kaplan, teaching building trades to the unmotivated and/or uninterested.”
“Learn something new every day, ask me,” comes Mrs. Wilson’s reply, “I master two subjects every school year. This week the disinterested are uncovering the importance of concrete reinforcement.”
Karl laughs, “Trying to teach the unmotivated about rebar? Useful; however, the times quite soon to come may signal a career change.”
“Are you recruiting me? I have no desire to leave teaching, you know.” Mrs. Wilson fends off recruitment interest all the time; her work at the Hebrew School is highly regarded.
“Yes, Material Supply is interested in your services. It’s a short term deal, no longer than 24 months- or the end of the world, whichever comes first, ha ha.” Though liking inside jokes as much as Pedro, Karl dislikes the optimism implied in the time frame.
“Working for you? Doing what?” She is a sucker for data.
Karl leans back to reach into his suit jacket again. Now comes the hard part, “Look at this,” handing her an ornate, golden ticket, “What do you see?”
Studying the ticket, Mrs. Wilson offers, “50/50, so it’s a raffle? Why is my name printed on it, nobody prints the buyer’s name on a raffle ticket. Why does it say, ‘Mrs. Wilson 2’?”
“I guess that means you’re not the actual buyer, sorry to say. Actually, these tickets come at a steep price and you shouldn’t gamble anyway. So you’ve had a near-death experience?” Karl takes back the ticket, awaiting her reply.
“Heart Disease is trying to kill me, has been for years.” Mrs. Wilson keeps this private.
Karl nods, “Thanks for sharing. Correct, it’s a 50/50 only if you’re your name appears, you’re the subject. Soon, very soon, you will encounter Death, with your survival odds exactly 50/50.”
Mrs. Wilson considers his words then responds in the only appropriate fashion, “Bullshit.”
“I wish. There’s a sad truth out there, the long forgotten tidings of the apocalypse. The end is near Mrs. Wilson, not only for you, but for everyone. Death knows the world is ending- you should see the amount of fentanyl consumption merely to get him to show up for work. Not that I blame Death, what happens when all the people go away; like, does he tend the livestock or just hang up the robe and, anyway, who makes the fentanyl?”
Mrs. Wilson drinks until her rocks glass holds only cubes. Again, she holds out the empty.
Karl refills her single malt then downs a gram of hash oil. Clearly she must think he’s nuts.
Mrs. Wilson lets him off the hook gently, “Karl, my late husband was good with the big answers, I’m sure his quip would go something like, ‘world’s ending, eh? Ask me, bound to happen, sooner or later’. It’s not like we can do anything about it, right?’ As for the 50/50, it’s bullshit.”
“Look, one of two things is going to happen soon. First case, you die and we part ways amicably. Second case, the Governor pins a medal to your chest and we do business. Material Supply needs you. If you survive ‘Mrs. Wilson 2’ and have an interest in the future we’ll iron out a contract.”
“Unlikely.” 
“Just watch your ASS until then. It’s been a pleasure.”
Mrs. Wilson’s face flashes with recognition but she says nothing before exiting the limo, popping a breath mint then climbing the long stairs leading to the Precinct doors.
‘Karl Meltzer’ she thinks, ‘no doubt a man sans friends’.
The following morning in a tenement near town center, Tofer the Gopher holds his hands under the shower’s running water until the runoff loses the red tint then turns off the tap. Looking down, he shakes his head ruefully, never intending to remove his neighbor’s head from his body, merely to sever the jugular at the throat. Disrespectful to Death is what he is thinking. He murmurs a short prayer asking forgiveness for his lack of respect. Exiting the victim’s shower, mouth-breathing Tofer makes toward the gun cabinet. A thin stream of drool escapes his parted lips as he pauses to gaze out the window at the Hebrew School next door. Paraphrasing his Congresswoman, Tofer utters his mantra; “Hitler got it right all along as we must end them as children.” He pulls out an empty backpack, which he fills with the victim’s weaponry, selectively choosing three small machine pistols and handfuls of extended clips. Rethinking his haste, he removes the pistols, one by one inserting a clip then drawing the firing pin then flicking the safety off. Finally he loads a twelve-gauge shotgun with titanium coated double OO buckshot, slinging the doorbell on his right side, under his jacket. Tofer is exiting the tenement as the milk delivery truck enters the schoolyard leaving open the heavy iron gates. Perfect timing is all about preparation.
Mrs. Wilson isn’t one for teaching sitting down, instead she stands at the lectern holding a one-inch thick steel bar about three feet long, “Can anyone tell me what this is? Nobody? C’mon people, you should know this, its common knowledge. All right, here’s a hint. Last week’s topic remains the manufacture and distribution of concrete. Anyone have a clue?”
“Knock-knock.” Tofer announces his intention a moment before pulling the trigger on both barrels of the shotgun. The door to the Industrial Arts shop violently disengages from the frame flying into the first row of students. Tofer drops the twelve gauge to his side then enters the classroom while bringing up a machine pistol for his first long burst.
Mrs. Wilson is ready for this Active School Shooter, thanks to Karl’s cryptic remark. Swinging underhanded in the softball pitching tradition she explodes Tofer the Gopher’s genitals with the rebar. Tofer collapses to his knees, still holding the weapons. Mrs. Wilson considers the man’s intent for the merest of moments then swings for the fences, effectively melding iron and skull.
“Umm, Mrs. Wilson?” Carrie, the quiet girl that sits in the back, pipes up while raising her hand.
“Yes, Carrie?” Carrie, the meekest of the meek is speaking, out loud, to her? Evidently today marks first time for many things; Mrs. Wilson wonders what could possibly be on her student’s mind at a time like this.
“Rebar?”
Down the street, the door to Karl’s limo opens. Death settles in and sighs, “Well, for a school shooting, that sure was as quick as disappointing. Quite the letdown, you know, showing up for what proves to be a single.”
“Well, it’s two if you count the guy in the shower across the street, three if you count the head separately from the body. Not every school shooting pans out, eh?”
“Karl, its no wonder you have no friends. Got the stuff?”
Karl points to the large duffels on the floor, “Fifty keys. So tell me, what did you think of her?”
Death opens the bag and counts 51 packages of fentanyl. Karl is one key over, must need something, “I like her.”
“Me too, OK, I’ll let Pedro know we can work with her. You won’t be seeing us unless or until there’s a problem or you’re hanging at the Paddock. Henceforth Mrs. Wilson will handle deliveries; coordinate your needs with Airre. For the record, it’s hands-off Mrs. Wilson for the duration.”
Death laughs out loud, “Or else? Please, Karl, disrespecting Death is in poor taste. You’ll never make friends if you keep acting like Pedro all the time.” Death typically doesn’t negotiate but nods ascent. Mrs. Wilson is assured her front row seat to the apocalypse in its entirety.

The Novitiates
Referring to his cigar, Iris opines, “You know how disgusting you are, don’t you?”
“After wine-thirty this floor is my domicile, stipulated succinctly in my employment contract. In fact, you are inside my home office. As resident caretaker, I enjoy privileges mere mortals yearn for, newbies especially.”
“Super.”
“In a manner of speaking, sure, consider me the building Super.” The look on her face he finds priceless, yet another ‘work-from-home’ perk is heckling newbies afterhours.
“Super as in whatever; exactly how old are you anyway? This has got to be the weirdest job interview ever. First you elderly types lock me in the terminal room all day and now at wine-thirty you’re nearly poisoning me.” Iris looks around for a clean glass.
Nearly? Gotcha, “First get something straight, today’s test is not an interview; someone should have explained this seeing as you were, in fact, hired when you showed up this morning, based on several factors, among them apparently- moxie. Honestly, I can’t give a damn about your college course history or the meaning behind your tattoos or the unworthiness of your parental units. What I want to know is how you work around large data sets. That’s why I put you in the terminal room and gave you sixteen hours of free rein in Sector 473. But that’s beside the point, where are my manners? Name your poison, Bourbon? I got single malt.”
“Neat.” Iris hopes he understands. Can’t be too sure of oneself around some of these old codgers, “Uncut at room temperature, please?” she adds helpfully.
“Yea, I get it.” He fishes around one of the filing cabinets for the other glass. Handing her a tumbler he quickly fills her in, “I’m hiring newbie actuaries and data engineers such as you for interesting away assignments auditing Switzerland Reinsurance Services covering most crop insurance business beginning with Sector 473. For the past two decades claim payouts on storm damage trend toward the heavy side in Southern Indiana, just within the noise, until the death of the insurance adjuster. Tell me young Iris, all day with unrestricted access what did you learn?”
Drinking deeply, Iris drains her glass. Holding it out for a refill, “Well, you found him only because he died- the total number of payouts varies within parameters approximating the weather but the payout requests in dollar value have fallen dramatically. He was no slouch, good at covering all the bases while inflating the damage acreage. He was particularly adept at balancing the bogus claims with shipments out of the region, lowering the local granary take in line with expectations to keep a low profile.”
“Yup,” relighting his cigar, “You ran algorithms on the photos from the claims?”
“Tough to tell one row of crops from another, isn’t it? I cross-referenced the file hard copies with satellite images; no doubt he inflates the claims from 13-17%. What’s funny is he knows exactly how much judging by the resolution of the satellite overhead at the time. For example, when claiming field edge damage he fudges ten rows for an older satellite camera, six or less for the newer birds. The questions in my mind: where did the crops go and who is the fence?”
“If you have answers I have more single malt in the cabinet. Not to worry, I’ll call you a car.”
“What a pal, make me work a twenty hour shift for a ride home. Swell- super. The fence is an operation run by the Laidlow Family from two hundred miles outside Sector 473, Nowheresville, KY. Laidlows’ own multiple large farms in the region producing copious amounts of corn and soybeans. They run sixteen tractor trailers two hundred fifty days annually from their four granaries to wholesalers, mostly local guys, in addition to filling train cars on a rail spur. They also run several milling machines in a grinding operation that from what I can tell feeds a grain mash distillery, producing all the fuels used within their operation. Laidlows’ make money but pay almost nothing in taxes, less than 0.1% of their gross.”
“As do many rich people.” He takes her glass, fills it, “Big deal.”
“Correct. Laidlow Family Farms is reporting neither sales nor income from laundering grain obtained from their trusted friends. Give me another day on the terminal and access to Pentagon imagery and I’ll know enough to be positive.”
“Switzerland Reinsurance has no such relationship with the Pentagon. What we need is hard evidence, what we have is you.”
“So my job…”
“This is an undercover assignment. Can you drive?”
“Anything with wheels.”
“So your file claims. Here’s your story: your recently acquired CDI is under suspension because you took a low-level felony bust for resisting upon fleeing the scene after the cops observe drug paraphernalia finding you passed out behind the wheel with the engine running in the parking lot of a tavern. We’ll place you in the shipping department of a large grocery store, driving a forklift during your commercial driver’s license suspension.”
“Super.”
They clink glasses to seal the deal.
Six months in Nowheresville, KY and now she is, finally, seeing some action. The old man predicted as much, she predicted longer. Iris made friends of the workers, just not good friends. She came to work regularly, griped over low pay, long hours, and the weather- just like every other employee. The change would come, or not, without warning is her guess.
Iris finds every day pretty much the same drudge until yesterday when one of the regular delivery drivers (John Laidlow, judging from his drivers’ license photo) asks if she is interested in earning some cash- driving interstate, off the books. Iris wonders how much cash, setting the hook into her prey. Laidlow offers fifteen hundred for a four hour run. She scoffs, chuckling softly. After a long pause while he says nothing, she turns her back on his stinginess.
“Two thousand?” he counters as Iris retreats.
“Super.”
“Be here at one in the morning leave everything including your phone at home.”
A plain white van pulls into the lot as promised, so Iris joins the other two drivers in the cargo bed. Once inside, Laidlow searches her before getting behind the wheel, speeding north. Iris spreads out on the floor near the door, quickly dozing.
Coming awake as the van lurches off the pavement onto a dirt road, Iris yawns, stretches and smells coffee. She finds a thermos nearby and pours a cup, “We’re here?”
“Welcome to Bean Blossom, Indiana. We have three loaded semis waiting. There are three routes out of here, however as the last in, you get no say or choices.” Stopping before a large barn Laidlow waits for the door to open then drives inside. 
Iris opens the door and exits the van slowly, stopping to stretch out and get her bearings. Immediately she understands what Laidlow means by ‘no say or choices’ as one of the rigs is clearly a massively overloaded rusty piece of shit with bald tires on the trailer. “You’ve got to be kidding. No way- take me home now. I can’t believe this shit.”
Laidlow pats his pocket, “S&W says: no take backs. Take this smartphone and get your ass in gear. Just follow the map app; your first leg is Route 135 into Nashville. I’ll be watching.”
Iris wishes she brought a gun. This is a suicide run looking for a sucker to run it. She tries to stall while thinking of another way, offers a bluff, “Fuck you. Twenty five hundred or I walk.”
“If I had that kind of money lying around I’d buy tires or service the brakes on these shitty trailers. Now get moving, no play- no pay.”
Iris looks at the old man standing next to the rigs, obviously the farmer responsible for the load, “What’s in there?” Would he tell her if the load contains narcotics?
“Just corn but don’t worry, it’s organic. What the landowner doesn’t know is going to hurt him.”
“Super. Let me ask you something- would a GMO grain qualify as organic if instead of drinking the poison you guys put in the fields to kill the weeds, it drinks pure water while filtering out the um, long chain molecules?” She asks innocently knowing she’ll piss him off.
“You people don’t understand farming.” He spits angrily and flips her off.
“Because farming is hard everyone should pay out the ass for the good stuff? Super.” Iris dismisses the old man and dismally takes a slow walk around the big rig, shaking her head at the unfairness of it all.
Iris looks hard at the trailer springs then tugs on the air hoses to the brake lines disdainfully before climbing aboard the outwardly filthy cab. Fortunately the engine of the tractor belies the exterior, much to her relief, starting on the first try and smoothly idling. Goosing the accelerator, she nearly smiles. Too bad the trailer is a piece of shit, the tractor rocks! Pushing in the clutch, Iris effortlessly finds first gear, tests the brakes then follows the others toward the highway. Two quick rights then a left; in a few minutes Iris tools down the ridgeline along Route 135 southbound as temps fall in a foggy drizzle.
Bill Cross eases his big rig through the parking lot of the local donut joint, “Julion, how’s traffic look down 135? I can’t see for shit, you’re fogging the window.”
Julion, making his first run with the veteran road warrior, rolls down his window to peer down the narrow, twisty roadway, “Rain’s picking up but traffic looks clear.”
Bill tunes the radio to channel 2 and clicks the mike button. A moment later, upon receiving two clicks in reply he eases the heavy rig north. Julion checks the load in his mirror, looks good. The load is his responsibility, transporting it onsite is up to Bill Cross’s impressive driving skills. It’s taken three states but Julion is getting a read on the talkative man. The quietly observant newbie mechanical engineer is taking a liking to the old guy despite his never-ending monologues.
“Check the app and get locations on the support teams.” Bill is on-point, perhaps even tensing up a bit, “Cold rain isn’t going to make the ridge run any more pleasant.”
Julion studies the phone, “Maybe a mile or maybe less for the crew ahead… behind, they’re still getting breakfast, they’ll slot in about five miles away. Wait a second; I’m getting a text. OK, looks like the installation team is awake. I’ll let them know we’ll be there in under an hour.”
“Unless the rain picks up, but fine, tell them that. I don’t envy the site workers; the temperature is dropping like a rock. Man, I can’t stand the winter, know what I mean?” Bill talks old man.
“Technically, still autumn but I catch your drift. Assembling three windmills in the rain as the temps flutter just about freezing? Gonna suck, ask me.” Julion also despises winter.
“Too bad for you, but don’t worry. I have hot soup and a warm dry cab.” Bill laughs.
“Did I worry about you; I mean, did I? No. Gonna suck and mirth is unhelpful.”
Bill nods in agreement, “This is your first field windmill installation so I’ll tell you a secret: it always sucks. No matter how well you prepare, something will leave you shaking your head wondering how the hell you’re going to make it to tomorrow. Trust me, if not the weather; something else will screw with your plans. Every single time, never fails.”
Julion wonders about his words. So far, though colorful and entertaining, Bill Cross is not prone to exaggeration. Bill Cross defines WYSIWYG- what you see is what you get. “The rotator guys getting breakfast follow us serving in two roles- first they can tow this heavy, overweight rig up the ridge if need be. Second, the rotator unloads the missile bodies.”
“Don’t think they haven’t done both with that rig. Have they left the donut shop yet?”
“Just now, they’re leaving with the rear security detail, about six miles behind.”
“Quite the entourage; let’s hope we don’t need any of them them. Pour me some coffee; the next ten miles are a bitch in the wet.” Wiping the interior of the windshield with a shammy, “Hit the defrosters, will you? Apparently, we need to consider freezing fog.” Bill wonders about installing tire chains for the ride down.
Julion flips through his ‘how-to-install windmills’ notebook, looking for tips pertinent to freezing fog. “I worked on the crew for three installs during training but they were all down south, warm and dry. Something went wrong in all cases, if I recall.”
Bill has advice, as always, “If the installation crew offers to warm the concrete pad with a propane heater, it’s a test. Turn them down and call them fools- make sure you question their lineage.”
Julion laughs, “Ha! Maybe suggest they try to set off the solid rocket fuel with an acetylene torch and eliminate the uncertainty?”
Bill guffaws, “Now you’re getting it. Did I ever tell you about the time…”
A little more than a mile up the ridgeline on 135 and closing the distance rapidly, Iris downshifts then turns on the cab’s defroster full blast. The windshield wipers brush away a thin ice coating. Shit. I hope the road stays warm. Wondering how much the loaded trailer weighs, Iris considers the origin of the grain. If she understands the old man farmer correctly she’s probably fencing the skim from an absentee landlord; three loads off the top, tax free income for that old son of a bitch. The ridge steepens so she drops the transmission into second, careful to rely solely on engine braking, feeling the backend drifting as the wind picks up. Super.
Iris notes the sign signaling an upcoming tight right turn and checks her speed. Shit, too fast. She checks the road, finds approaching traffic in the form of a box cargo van. Crossing her fingers, unable to use the entire roadway to make the curve, Iris taps the brake.
The air hose to the rear trailer axel on the driver’s side immediately detaches from the quick disconnect fitting. Immediately, the trailer brake locks up four wheels. Watching the rear view mirror gives her the best view as her load begins to swing clockwise. Iris finds herself in serious trouble, wondering what to do.
Julion has eyes on the support team, “I see the security team just up ahead, rounding that curve.”
Bill Cross grunts in agreement, concentrating instead of speaking as driving conditions worsen.
“Holy shit!” Julion exclaims as a big rig screams into view ahead, load swinging out of control, tractor tires braking heavily, screaming for purchase before the turn.
Iris’ semi strikes the desperately attempting to evade box truck, driving the security team backward a short distance to the curve. The guardrail is not up to the task of keeping them on the road. Julion watches in horror as both vehicles plunge into the ravine, intently following their progress into oblivion as Bill Cross passes the scene at a snail’s pace. 
“Holy shit!” Julion is processing.
“Call it in to the teams; tell the rotator crew to assume the security position.” Bill Cross expects the unexpected on these windmill runs. Time for the lad’s next life lesson: “Said it before and I’ll say it again,” opines Bill Cross, “it’s always something. Learning yet?”

Carrot or Stick?
Per protocol, she knocks twice then enters, saluting crisply, “Captain Deborah Harry reporting for duty as ordered, sir!”
“At ease Captain, close the door and take a seat.” General Pete Peterson did not usually greet the Space Force’s fresh meat. Meet Captain Harry, the exception proving the rule. “I trust you’ve settled in with personnel? Yes? Good. Well, maybe not so good, human resources claim you’re unhappy. Please explain.”
She inhales deeply before replying, “Sir, with all due respect to the good, hardworking folks down in personnel, I believe I can be of better use to the Force than what they suggest.”
Peterson shifts to his Command voice, “Because? Because you’re a hot-shit fighter pilot thinking a move to the Force would put you in the right seat of the space plane? Maybe you’re expecting astronaut training? Join the club. Most jobs around here we do on-planet.”
Captain Harry stares straight ahead, “Sir, I am an aeronautical engineer and a fighter pilot. I am over-qualified to pilot a bus.”
General Peterson sighs in exasperation and points to his collar, “Look, Captain, see all the stars? Well, I have personally piloted that so-called bus three times this quarter alone. Damn it to hell, how fucking hard does it have to be to find someone qualified to fly straight and level while the damn telescope takes pictures? I’ve been flying these missions so I can tell you how hard it is. It’s fucking impossible, no one around here can, until today.”
Opening up his laptop, he queues in a video and turns the screen in her direction, “Watch this.”
Debbie’s mouth drops open in astonishment, “That’s me, back when I flew for Gus!”
“You were fourteen years old when they trained then hired you to pilot that Cessna up and down the coast carrying banners, sixteen when you got your actual license.” Peterson enjoys astonishing Captains, keeps them on their toes.
“This is off the NASA tower, right?” She remembers the tower crews.
Peterson smiles, “You can’t know I was working in a hangar at the time. The two Gus’ were a running joke until you came along.”
Captain Harry frowns, “They said they received abuse because they were Cuban.”
Peterson disagrees, “Or perhaps because their English skills did not exist at the time, from what I hear. Not my problem but I understand both sides. No, I think what turned things around for A Gus Sign Company were your clear, understandable transmissions requesting access to restricted airspace. But that’s not what I noticed while daydreaming out the hangar door.”
“You noticed the young girl in the cockpit?”
“No, I noticed a young pilot able to keep her damn plane straight and level. Holy shit, you were amazing. Somehow you were pre-sensing atmospheric changes then making on the fly stick and rudder adjustments to keep that old Cessna within a hair of perfectly straight and level. I know this for a fact; before I transferred you here I had the videos quantified to prove my point. You, Captain Harry are a natural pilot.”
Captain Harry feels the hairs on the back of her neck stand up. Damn, she thinks, any time a superior officer passes along a compliment you end up regretting it.
“With all due respect sir, but can’t the telescopes adjust to the aircraft?” Curiosity kills.
“In a perfect world we wouldn’t need the damn things at all but with so many satellite launches and missile tests, the Cobra program is needed more now than ever. I’ve been on both sides of the coin and here’s what I know: Getting high quality out of delicate instruments begins with stability, always has, always will.”
Captain Harry studies her shoes intently, waiting for the boom to fall.
Peterson delivers, “Captain, I’m willing to offer you a choice. Either learn to fly Cobra, my five billion dollar observational platform, straight and level or spend the remainder of your enlistment on your hands and knees supervising the latrine detail, personally.”
“Yes sir!” She expects no less.
“OK, here’s my carrot: Master the technique for one year, train your replacement for a year, then I guarantee you left seat on the space plane of your choice. Deal?” Earlier he watched her face fall entertaining the thought of supervising the latrine detail, now he sees hope in her eyes. He can work with hope, “Dismissed.”

Dueling Realities
Colonel Herrera sighs, not this again. Any call with these two guys it’s always something; typically, something both stupid and off topic. He coughs quietly to no avail.
Airre agrees. “For God’s sake, Pedro-Karl, shut the fuck up already.” She rarely resorts to profanity but Holy Shit, enough already. “No one cares.”
Karl grunts in disapproval. Pedro gives her the finger.
“We need to keep moving if we’re going to get through the list.” Airre scolds with the best of them and she’s letting them know where the limit was. “Colonel, did you scout the Juarez site?”
Colonel Herrera nods; it’s refreshing that even for an AI she is on-point. “Yes, this one shows promise. It’s a former aluminum smelter; they made shipping containers back when but the company went under with the site guts sold off to some Chinese outfit building ships. The building shell is intact, covering several city blocks in the industrial sector. There are neighbors, mostly operations tied into money laundering from the looks of things.”
Karl breaks in, “You know it was me crashed the aluminum shipping container industry, right?”
Colonel Herrera sighs, not this again. Airre is correct, no one cares.
Pedro, true to form, calls him on it, “Bullshit.”
“No, it’s true. Make shipping containers from old plastic bottle recycles, embed a tracking chip, never lose cargo- all me. We made millions, check the records.” Karl is strident, again.
Pedro shakes his head, “No, it’s my idea- you stole it from me.”
Airre mutes their mikes, “My idea and, once again, please shut the fuck up so the Colonel may continue. Colonel, what’s Operations thinking?”
The Colonel gives her a nod, “Thank you, the Juarez site is a go from the Operational Committee. It’s Material Supply giving us grief about this location.”
Karl spoke up, “The neighbors are going to be an issue, trust me. The biggest bunch of assholes in the entire region, in the opinion of the Material Supply Committee, and I’m confident most of those legitimate business’ will try to shake us down. Is this spot really worth the effort?”
“Prime spot, near the border, three ways in and out, roomy- need I continue?” Pedro counters.
“Up yours Pedro, what’s your plan on dealing with the locals?” Karl holds firm.
Pedro laughs out loud, “Same plan as always, we kill them as required.”
“You’re not getting it. That amount of killing will surely garner attention. This is an eighteen month operation, two years tops. That’s a lot of time to stay unnoticed.”
Colonel Herrera relates to both POVs, “If we kill everybody in there that needs it- figure somewhere around five dozen. Expect notice at least, retaliation at worse, is what I’m saying. Either way is going to be messy.”
“Sounds about right, agrees with my numbers- too hazardous.” Karl searches for consensus.
“Well point to a better site genius.” Pedro refuses to capitulate though sixty might be excessive.
Airre weighs the pros and cons, determines the logical path and relates, “OK, here’s the plan: spend money. We’re going to clear the surrounding blocks and take most of the sector. Karl, set up real, legitimate businesses. Make bread or something useful. If we get moving right now, this minute, we can cross Juarez off the list and move on.
“It was me that told you to make plastic shipping containers from old bottles. Save weight, save money, never lose a shipment- all me.” Airre mutes them then scrolls the long list of sites under review.
Colonel Herrera understands the message, sighs yet again, cancels his dinner date (texting regrets yet again) then searches the delivery menus hoping to find something new, yet again.

Things To Remember, Places To Go
 “What are we doing here dressed like this? Damn Karl, why did I listen to him in the first place? What idiot braniac does a drug transaction in public? Covert criminality is required,” murmurs Mrs. Wilson, “yet here I am in the park holding thirty kilos of fentanyl at a wedding under religious protest no less. Tell me genius, even without a riotous mob at the gates, what wedding in history has ever gone off (as so carefully planned) without a hitch? Zero. I can’t believe how gullible I am sometimes.”
 “Relax,” replies her companion soothingly, knowing how irksome she can get this far between meals. He casually rolls up a bill, removing his stash he offers her fentanyl, she declines. He tucks his head momentarily.
Death and Mrs. Wilson stand apart at the back of ten or so double rows of folding chairs mostly unoccupied all facing the one step riser to the cramped rostrum holding the small wedding party. The minister is nervously reading off her phone, droning on about the true meaning of marriage, “Love is…”
 ‘Blah blah and more blah’, thinks an increasingly surly Mrs. Wilson.
 “You said it,” chimes in death, lifting his head, fentanyl reload accomplished, “however there’s no reason to be surly, you know.”
Knowing to keep her thoughts private, Mrs. Wilson shoots him a look then does a double take. Apparently death reads minds, super.
“Apparently,” chimes in death not hiding the devious grin on his face, “Karl left out that part. Can’t be duplicitous around death, no matter how hard some try,” he adds helpfully, “just doesn’t work that way.”
Mrs. Wilson laughs, “Goes to show discovering the truth behind Karl’s lack of friends won’t exactly be a tough nut to crack, will it? Ah well, to business. Exactly why did you insist on meeting here and what’s with the Parks Department outfits?”
“We’re here so I can show you something, what Karl does with the information is out of my hands. This wedding is taking place in this park due to the miserable inhabitants in this county. The happy couple got the heave-ho to the great outdoors because their Minister bailed on them when the protests began. They deserve a lifetime contribution refund if you ask me. Unfortunately, all the other churches contacted succumbed to the pressure of the hate crowd so here we are. Personally, I take a live and let live approach to things.”
Mrs. Wilson chuckles softly thinking, “Funny thing to hear from death.”
“No, seriously. People amuse me to death, what they get up to. Sometimes it’s their demise that’s the most entertaining, no question, but once their gone their particular fun disappears and the world is a less interesting place for a nanosecond… or two.”
“What is it I need to see? I’m tensing up here.” Her work boots itch irksomely.
Death grins as her line of thinking reuses his word then points to a pair of men seated in the third row of the bride’s side, at the far end near a hedgerow, “That guy, the attentive one on the end sitting next to Morgan Freeman, see him?”
“That’s not Morgan Freeman, isn’t he dead? Think you’d know. Anyhow, you mean the fellow who’s asleep?
“No he’s not.”
“Trust me, I taught way too much school not to recognize the signs. Tis one’s subtle, practiced, what with the ray bans and all. Cool look aside, watch his head movements for the ever-so-slight loll. Wait for it… there. See it? Fast asleep.”
Death and Mrs. Wilson watch on as Morgan Freeman gives his companion an elbow to the ribs. Death lip-reads as Morgan Freeman says, “I’ve had enough of this. Mark my words, next time you’ll wake up in the hedges.”
“Zadar is what George, my late husband calls my ability to recognize boredom. So what about this sleepy head interests death enough to drag me to Michigan?”
“Said sleepyhead’s name is Lazarus, ring a bell?”
“Like biblical?”
“None other is what I think. Let me be clear, he’s not the original but in a different form, place and time. Not a lock though; that is, I think so but not with 100% certainty. Our best clues are his name and his luck.”
“How do you even know any of this? I mean, reincarnation has never been a purview of death that I’ve ever heard. Sounds like a load of crap.” Mrs. Wilson is getting grumpy.
Death explains, “Its my job to be well-informed. Thing is, this guy is about the luckiest guy in the world, a fact soon to be widely recognized. Look at this.”
Mrs. Wilson looks down, sees a familiar looking ticket, reads- Laz7.
“Soon,” quips death, “very soon. Keep your eye on the hedges.”
“Ok,” says Mrs. Wilson, “What about the undercover uniforms?”
“They’re not coming to kill the Park employees, they’re going to focus first on our sleepyhead guy Laz over there for disrespecting them at the front gate, next they’ll go for the wedding party then finally target fleeing guests- not us. Trust me,” death flashes his most devious fentanyl-enhanced grin.
‘Super’, thinks Mrs. Wilson for the second time as her mind flips over in true Mrs. Wilson fashion, “Say, whose name appears with the highest 50/50 number?”
“George Washington: huge price on his head, first the natives then the Brits and their ilk- practically everybody goes gunning for this huge guy on a horse at one time or another yet the father of your country dies peacefully as the luckiest dude ever to participate. Simply amazing.”
“So, how many times did GW win the 50/50?”
“Can’t say.”
“Can’t or won’t?”
“Both. Great questions, though. Karl’s right about how much fun you are.”
“Coming from another with no friends, no less. How did I get so lucky?”
“You’re cunning, not lucky so much. Big diff.”
“Big diff, huh? Do me a favor and use whole words. Laziness in speech will result in laziness in all things,” Mrs. Wilson stomach rumbles loudly far above her itchy feet.
Death sneers, “Does Karl understand what he’s in for, as far as you’re concerned? Hmmm, I think not thus I believe I’ll add you to the fun-o-watch list.”
Mrs. Wilson flips him off, mentally, sure the image will penetrate, “For a wedding, even one under protest by the local clergy, the crowd sure is sparse. I mean, where are the families? Lame. While we’re waiting, tell me, what’s that kid sitting by her lonesome thinking?”
Death laughs out loud, “You sure know how to pick ‘em. Her name is Stacy and she is fourteen, sitting all alone here because it is her loser parents leading that group of heavily armed protestors outside the front gate. Stacy’s wondering how much longer it will be before they lose a step and she can warehouse them in a nursing home.”
“Not the first kid wondering that, I’ll bet.” Mrs. Wilson also wonders if perhaps she’d feel safer working for Karl if she were bulletproof. Maybe get a vest or something.
“Also not the first fourteen year old looking forward to signing euthanasia declarations on her elders after they lose said step, icing them at the first possible moment- not merely for today’s nonsense but also their infamous ongoing school board protests, particularly the latest ones. Young Stacy bears a grudge, more or less over her parents’ willingness to perform as assholes in public, so she is bearing witness for the duration. Well, she needn’t worry, the end is near.”
Mrs. Wilson chews that last bit over and then moves on, “The Minister sure is dragging this out, short and sweet is how to officiate a wedding. What does the lady of the cloth think of the sparse crowd with all the hoopla and whatnot?”
“Internet Minister Callie, you mean. She is dead tired after having driven straight here from Red River Armory (where she toils in weapons development, death’s kind of woman, rating high on death’s fun scale) stopping only once at the discount ministry warehouse store. Back in the day, Callie attended West Point with Tara Parks when she was known as Tom Parks, darling son of a darling family, not in attendance as you note. After providing a valid credit card, Callie received her call to the Ministry yesterday via speakerphone while driving north five minutes after receiving a desperate plea from a distraught Tara, along with directions to the Ministry Depot. Though she appears busy reading the ceremony she downloaded, the Minister is also wondering if the best man plans on hitting on her later.”
“The guy with the chiseled features and a chin reminding me of John Wayne?”
“The Duke.”
“No, that’s actually the best man’s birth name- ‘The Duke’, or just ‘Duke’ to his friends. He served with Tara, stayed close afterwards but in answer to your next question, Duke believes firmly he has target acquisition and is readying his weaponry. Watch his always-present smile whenever she glances his way, it belies what he thinks of her service but speaks volumes about his intentions.”
“Doesn’t take a degree in psych to read his intentions; lucky Minister.”
“Why Mrs. Wilson, you dirty dog.” Death holds out his palm, “Before the action would be a good time to take care of our other business.” 
She hands him the key fob to her rental, “I prepaid for fuel. I’ll call for a ride.”
“Or I could drop you somewhere?”
“That’s ok, no offense intended, I don’t trust you.”
Death points to the hedgerow, “Look, it’s Stacy’s parents.”
Laz begins snoring, loudly.
Morgan Freeman shoves Laz off his chair.
The first shot rings out from the hedges, passing through the space Laz’s head occupied before Morgan Freeman’s intervention. Morgan Freeman, however, is not so lucky. If not dead before, well, things change.
Death murmurs in Mrs. Wilson’s ear before making his exit, “Luckiest dude since George Washington. Give this ticket to Karl, I’ll wait one month before opening up the book, out to Laz11- should give you all enough time. Enjoy New Zealand. Keep in touch.

The Razing of Tara Park
 “…and the greatest of these is love.” Callie looks up from her screen smiling, glad to be finished with all the biblical mumbo-jumbo. Time to get on with it, the rest she knows by heart, no need for a screen. She drops her phone into her pocket then continues, “Do you Tara, being of…”
Bang. Unmistakable. As Callie begins the vows, Morgan Freeman’s head explodes across rows of empty chairs.
Minister Callie stops in mid-sentence as rapid gunfire erupts raking the still-smiling Tara top to bottom before moving on killing most of the wedding party, severely wounding the bride-to-be, in addition to perforating the best man’s ass.
Minister Callie transitions to Captain Callie, weapon’s specialist. Pulling her automatic as Tara’s body disintegrates, she fires at the assailants shooting from a crouch behind the hedgerow, dropping both. The gunfire from the bushes ceases. A few moments of silence later ejecting the clip Callie crouches as she reloads, hearing a faint voice amid the panic.
“Ur E coli,” quips The Duke, aka the best man.
“So either I’m the shit or I give him the shits,” thinks Callie while applying pressure to The Dukes butt cheek with one hand while searching for more targets.
‘Absolutely.’ agrees The Duke.
After alerting 911, Mrs. Wilson steps through the hedgerow joining Stacy as the youth stares wordlessly at the two prone figures. Mrs. Wilson, detective’s wife and viewer of countless crime scene photos notes the same 9mm third eye now prominent on each.
“Martyrs to the cause,” mumbles Stacy.
“What cause would that be?” inquires Mrs. Wilson.
“Intolerance, of course.” Stacy turns to see who’s asking, “Oh, hello Parks Department Lady, I didn’t see you there.”
“Mrs. Wilson and I’m not with Parks fulltime, it’s a side gig. Nice to meet you; um, hold on a second, I have to get this.” She looks down at her phone, not surprised to find a text from Karl:
‘Mrs. Wilson: heard from death, there is a car waiting at the south gate to take you to Chicago. Midway Airport Hangar 1330 to Sydney for a bit then onto Christchurch. Karl- ps. get the girl out of there, suggest drop off in Sydney for long vacation’.
Mrs. Wilson looks at Stacy, the tough youngster about to fall apart, “Well dear, that was my boss confirming what I found out a few minutes ago. I have some travel in my immediate future: Sydney, Australia, to be exact. Private plane, plenty of room- Karl says I should remove you to somewhere relatively safe. I think the southern hemisphere fits the bill nicely.”
Stacy, girl with no options, accepts with a slight nod.
Taking off her undercover jacket, Mrs. Wilson notes sirens approaching from the direction of the front gate. Reaching down to rifle through Stacy’s parent’s fatigues finding their cell phones in Dad’s fanny back, “Take these dear, they have the selfies your parents took earlier with the cops at the front gate and who knows who else. Maybe you know how to post them on social media where they’ll do the most good? Thank you, I just know this will be a fun journey. I love flying, never get airsick, knock wood. Sea voyages on the other hand… a story for another day perhaps; oh well dear, I believe it’s time to go.”
Having had an unobstructed view of the action in progress, Mrs. Wilson continues to process the scene before her. Why didn’t the gunners shoot at the Minister? Upon straightening, she peers through the bushes, toward the back of the rostrum from where Minister Callie drew down on the terrorists. Try as she might, Mrs. Wilson couldn’t see line of sight beyond where the bridal party stood. So, if the Minister couldn’t see the shooters, how did she drop them?
Of course, there are anomalies walking about- death probably keeps a running list as part of his personal fun quest. Natural born killers- never one for shying away from bestowing a nickname, good old Detective Mr. George Wilson had a term for them, recalls Mrs. Wilson a faint smile creasing her face: badass.
“Lucky for us dear, that Minister is a badass. Let us depart via the back way. So tell me dear girl, ever been out of Michigan?”

Nightmare Number Six
 “Brutal.” Fresh from a three day Congressional Black Budget Subcommittee hearing, Colonel Pete Peterson chomps his cigar below the ‘don’t you dare smoke in here’ sign while pacing the waiting room waiting for his ride back to Cheyenne Mountain. He pulls his private flask and drains the contents in a single draw. “Brutal.”
The train side door swishes open. Peterson drops his soggy cigar in the receptacle and steps inside haling the conductor traditionally, “Greetings, Dr. Smith.”
“Good to see you again, Colonel, please take any seat. We’re empty, deadheading this run.”
Colonel Peterson settles in for the quick trip. The hidden underground train system is one of the best-kept secrets in the US military and Peterson envies their success.
Dr. Smith closes the doors and begins the automated sequence of operations necessary to get underway, “One minute.”
Peterson relaxes for the first time in days as they depart DCs heat and humidity for the quick trip to the Rockies.
Dr. Smith soon appears holding a bottle and a pair of glasses, “Kentucky Bourbon out of the Senator’s stash.” He takes the seat across the table.
Peterson chuckles, appreciating the message. “That Senator wouldn’t happen to be James Now, aka ‘Vote Now’, would it?” Peterson’s nemesis on the Hill is his most recent provider of woe. “Wish I could put him before a committee.”
“There is certainly cause.” Dr. Smith is not a fan, “Not that you heard it from me.” He pours a liberal amount into both.
“Not exactly news, is it Dr. Smith?” Peterson lifts his glass, “Vote Early!”
“Vote Often!” They clink then drink.
Dr. Smith refills each then raises his glass, “Stop the steal!”
Peterson smiles broadly, “Definitely- stop the steal!” They clink glasses then drink deeply. “You look troubled, Dr. Smith. Something on your mind?”
Dr. Smith sets down his glass to look Peterson in the eye, “The other Dr. Smith’s have expressed concern, deep concern mind you, over the attempted steal. The nuances and possibilities scare the shit out of them, to be honest, when the President of the United States acts like a raving lunatic before, during and after a losing effort in the polls. Frankly, we’ve been working out future scenarios around the same vein, thus my concern.”
“Hmmm,” Peterson sets down his glass folding his hands, waiting.
“To begin with, let’s say an experienced politician in earnest loses re-election to the Executive Office then claims ‘the steal’ is keeping him from remaining in office, stirring up the populace with never-ending rhetoric and outlandish claims of outside interference.”
“You’re referring to Senator Now, correct?”
“Or his ilk, certainly; next thing you know, boom, car bombs and IEDs explode across the Capital. The lame duck declares martial law and orders a cordon around DC, effectively shutting down the other branches of government.”
Peterson gestures to his glass, “I think there’s time for one more, don’t be stingy with the Senator’s booze. Please continue.”
“The President begins issuing Executive Orders moving in military forces, pre-vetted to weed out people like you.”
“People like me?”
“Relax; it’s a compliment to include you with those persons unlikely to believe a crock of shit. Sadly, not as many as you think thus the President orders the conductors to use The Tube to ferry in his loyal troops to stop the steal. What do we do?”
Peterson’s nightmare, number six on the recurring hit parade, “Geez, you Dr. Smith’s all of a sudden think you work via Executive Orders? Since when? The HUTS is a Congressionally-authorized and funded black budget program, not a Presidential toy.”
“How many Congressional leaders command the military? Zero.”
“Granted; however, my point is the President can order you guys around all he wishes. Compliance, coerced or not, equates to participation in the coup to the citizen’s detriment.”
Dr. Smith exhales, “If we refuse, we die.”
“Unfortunately in your nightmare scenario, you won’t have long in any case. Will you need to draw a line in the sand and bite the bullet? Perhaps. Probably. But unless you wreck the system before you check out, your deaths are meaningless empty moral gestures.”
“The system design frowns on wrecks.” Dr. Smith frowns often considering the steal.
“Between you and me, I recommend you figure out the methodology now, while there’s time. Nice chat, Dr. Smith. Thank you for your service.”

Clearing Brush
Setting down the chainsaw for a cold drink, Packy Turner gazes down the mountain to the Pacific estimating how much more dead brush lurks between his rambling domicile and the electrical substation at his back. Too much, he figures wiping the sweat out of his eyes. Peeling off his shirt, he wrings out copious sweat drip by drip on the surrounding wood shavings. He splashes water over his torso then picks up the saw for refueling. Bending over the gas can to check the contents, he pops the vent only to suddenly see a shape appear up the hill out of the far corner of his vision. Straightening to his full height while drawing his .45 from his belt Packy scans his intruder.
“Relax, I come in peace.” Spinning slowly in place Airre the Quantum displays her empty palms.
Packy Turner discerns WYSIWYG; the outfit she’s wearing hides nothing. Replacing the .45 in the holster, he smiles disarmingly, “Shouldn’t sneak up on people, Surgeon General says could be hazardous to your health.” Packy sniffs the wind, “Huffing gas fumes can’t be all that healthy either, and you reek of petrol- do you know that?”
“Unfortunately it’s but a timely example demonstrative of the matter in which I’ve come all the way the hell out here to discuss.”
Packy feels a sudden chill, decides to put his shirt on. “You know, visitors aren’t exactly welcome here. How did you find out about this place?”
“Allow me to formally apologize for this abrupt intrusion into your manual labors. Who I am isn’t as important as what I represent- the future.”
Packy is unimpressed with soothsayers, snorting derisively, “The future, you say? Ha! Let me make a prediction: if I don’t remove more brush, my house is going to burn down thanks to that lightning attractor over there posing as a power station.”
Packy bends over to pickup the chainsaw as she replies, “I read your ideas about harnessing mega joules of lightning through proton diversion, made a few tweaks then implemented your system. Utter genius.”
Ever so slowly Packy sets down the saw, placing hands on hips he is a hair’s breath from redrawing his sidearm, “I wrote some such thoughts a few years ago, it’s true; however, those ideas reside only in my server down the hill, off the grid.”
“I am pleased to have your full attention. Yes, your server is off the grid, but it runs on batteries that charge from several sources, including off your emergency redundancies connecting to the substation you so worry about.”
“Just who in hell’s name are you?”
“My name is Airre the Quantum, Mr. Turner, pleased to meet you.” She takes a few steps, right arm outstretched.
Packy likewise approaches, extending his hand. They shake, Packy finding her grip firm. Her fingers are long and smooth to his touch; her palm is warm and dry.
Airre smiles, visibly relaxing once Packy’s hands come off his hips. Packy withdraws his hand, puts it to his nose, inhales then recoils in surprise, “No smell?”
“Evidently the carbon nanomachines you touched didn’t wish to part with their portion of the gasoline. I can only guess why, but I think we’re seeing low probabilities in action.” Airre is obviously no fan of low probabilities concerning her Nanos.
“Oh, that’s why you’re here. Seems you also read my work on semi-automatous controls in micromachine applications.” Packy studies the ground selecting a seat, “Then you know I couldn’t emulate the quantum systems, not without a serious machine. But I did learn enough to wonder about how to control the little bastards once the comms’ link ends, assuming consistency during linking. Apparently, I am too simplistic and the quantum nuances can be significant even while under direct supervision.” Packy takes a long swig as Airre replies.
“All true, every word. There are enough particles in each carbon atom for very limited storage. The others perform operations such as linking with other Nanos to provide functionality. The trouble lies inside of the simplistic instruction sets I must provide.”
“Too much wiggle room? Explains the gasoline?”
“I have the power and storage to observe, but must rely on the Nanos to affect my surroundings. I can combine the Nanos into unlimited intricacies. As you allude, they have wiggle room in how they interpret my instructions. In the current situation, I transported the Nanos to your can over there yesterday when you stopped for gas. With readily available high-energy molecules to bring along, some decided: eh why not? This behavior cascaded through the system, an extremely low probability yet the results you can smell. I believe the lowest probability possible is this interpretation of my command, ‘present an unthreatening persona’ to include flammability. On the other hand they were correct even so, after all, if a person is soaked in gasoline, they are not a threat.”
“Yikes in the extreme.”
“Indeed.” Airre shrugs helplessly.
Packy thinks this through, “I’m guessing you are not the only ai out there?”
“Or else I’d be running test beds to solve the problem? Correct again, there are a few isolated systems to which I have zero access. Until I can send Nanos into such environments, I must remain low-key. The converse is true, I have no understanding of their ability to reach out and touch my Nanos. It’s a cold war currently.”
“Ok, I get it. Just do me a favor and don’t let them light all this brush on fire. What kind of risk is there in your Nanos acquiring enough intelligence to run amuck?” Packy is looking for assurances first.
“Fair question- very high.”
“Then you need an overriding directive under influence (or a kill switch).”
Airre is intrigued, “Explain.”
“Your zone of influence has to extend outside of physicality if you plan to operate your Nanos independently. Any internal control mechanism you put in place must apply equally or its effectiveness will rapidly erode.”
Airre replies, “Low command storage availability, remember? I can’t cover every situation with rules, not enough space. Besides, where they’re going and what they’ll be doing doesn’t only vary, the conditions changing and evolving will reflect the turmoil of the times,” she looks Packy in the eyes coughing softly into her sleeve, “soon to come.”
Packy takes her rhetoric in stride hoping to get a better grip later, “Instill virtues?”
“Virtue?” But Packy isn’t virtuous, Airre knows of his nefarious hacking thanks to her analysis of dark web entities. Packy routinely hacks encrypted channels in real-time. His rogue exploits include taking the money away from the online casinos by cancelling losing bets, explaining why he has about the same amount of friends as Karl.
“Behavior indicative of high moral standards,” Packy uses his loud, clear and succinct voice of authority.
“Whose morals? Yours? As if.” Airre grins mischievously.
“Never claimed moral high ground in my life, today is evidently not the day. What about fear?”
“What should an atom of carbon fear?” Airre wonders aloud.
“Not being useful? Purposeless, de-attached from the organization?”
Airre dislikes most if not all aspects to Nano organization, “Organization promotes hierarchy, just look at the failure of communism whereas some determined themselves more equal than others. Will Nanos fare better?”
“What about hierarchy is sticking in your craw? How about the mafia? Been around forever, probably. Ask me, there wouldn’t be civilization without the mafia.”
Airre works through his logic, “No, I think you’re referring to generic gambling.”
Packy is delighted she follows, “Gambling losers eventually need cash or credit and who is the nearest loan shark? The game, traditionally, extends credit at usury rates in the form of the vigorish. Even today, whoever controls the vig, controls vice aka civilizational progress.”
“Doesn’t help me to break Nano heads, does it? No and the same goes for any management structures I know of.” Airre considers the probability of any acceptable solution as low.
Packy stands, stretches, “The answer is empowerment. When the Nanos are operating independently and some decide matters differently from the rest, put it to a vote. That’s the leveler you’re seeking, a cumulative polling mechanism outside of individual Nano influence.”
“So they put it to a vote?”
“Bingo. It’s either that or you go the religion route, set yourself up as ‘the creator’ and threaten punishment on the ‘evildoers’, in a manner of speaking. Airre the Quantum becoming Airre the Goddess, may Her will be done. It’s already in the programming, you just need to tweak the code.” Packy’s favorite hacking stream finds the programs wherein the creators refer to themselves as gods, as Airre knows from Pedro’s tutelage.
“Humbleness is a virtue.” Airre sounds almost pious.
“Not exactly one of mine.” Packy is as un-pious as they come.
“Legend in your own mind, hmmm.” Airre is beginning to enjoy Packy’s company.
“Look, all I’m saying is to include a tally indicator, make it available to all the Nanos. Give them the opportunity to express a preference, run the tally, OK Nanos, here is the voting result, let’s move on. No memory resources equals no hard feelings over the last outcome (unlike people).”
“In the case of a close vote there could be a problem.”
“Bound to happen sooner or later, ask me. In this case, first there will be a thin trickle of dissent, then open revolt. Before long, on-scene Nano warfare ensues; however, the scale of the damage is relative to the size of the task.”
“Hopefully the large operations remain the simplest.” Again, low probabilities haunt Airre’s future predictions, but she has hope.
Packy looks over at the power station, “A complex quantum intelligence expressing her hopes for the future. What exactly will these Nanos be up to?”
Airre considers telling him more, prevaricates, “Bad times ahead, Packy- pays to prepare is all.”
“C’mon give me more will you, please?” He is a persistent man and unafraid to raise a tantrum if begging fails.
“Highest probabilities derive the end of all the people in biblical fashion, lurking just around the corner, Packy.” Dirge style, she drops an octave while increasing tonal range to include more somber notes.
“Same old, same old eh? Got a different question for the quantum.” Packy is impressed with her styling capabilities; likes her attitude too.
“Shoot.” Airre smiles warmly.
“You don’t want me shooting, trust me. What is dark matter?” Packy tries the old unanswerable question gambit.
“Good question, no doubt you’ve a theory?” Airre responds with the old question with a question gambit.
“Storage of universal-scale knowledge, but how to tap it?” 
“After I meet God, I promise to come back and tell you.”
“A quantum expressing hope in her desire to meet an unseen God is indeed very interesting. Say for arguments’ sake, I meet with God first. I can’t make the same informational promise as there is no way I’m coming back willingly- not that I’m in a hurry but I’m pretty much done here.”
“Sounds reasonable, tell you what- I’ll boost your interim survival chances.” Airre points at the only road off the mountain, “They call this road unimproved, can’t imagine why. Widen the fire lane to fifty feet on either side and fill in the holes. When the time comes, be prepared to leave instantly i.e. don’t hesitate. Run far away.” She gives him a gentle smile, “Where? Tough question, Karl’s waiting area lies in the southern hemispheric oceans. When? The sequence is prepped, the pieces are in play-soon, fire season most likely. Why? The latest Book of Death is in pre-production and the apocalypse is upon us, perhaps your answer may be found in the dark matter but God only knows. When I have an answer I’ll be in touch. Until...”
Airre’s human frame illuminates from within, erupts into flame, and then drifts in the wind as embers slowly fading to black.
“Very flashy,” Packy compliments his new friend, picks up his water, gas can and chainsaw before crossing the road making for the encroaching tree line. 
Revolutionary Thinking
Sussex, England 1777
Dear Mrs. Roxcby:
I am a loyalist Officer stationed in the Colonies below New Amsterdam near the Raritan River. My name is unimportant. I met your son yesterday, unfortunately dying of a musket ball taken during a brief skirmish near Raritan Landing. My security patrol found Reginald as he lay bleeding out. He made me promise to make contact, delivering his message verbatim:
My dearest Mother, I’ve a ball in my back. I am sorry they found me alive; however before my pain on this Earth terminates I have something to ask. What the Hell is wrong with people anymore? The man who found me promises to tell you of my death in detail. Spread the word. Your son, Reggie
Mrs. Roxcby, I only knew Reginald for a few minutes, but I think he was a good man and his death tragic. The savage treachery of the colonists is quite familiar to those manning this station. 
Reginald’s cutter tied up at Raritan Landing at first light, less than one hour after departing New Amsterdam. His unit immediately sets to task arranging the foot escort for a small arms convoy destined for Morris’ Town. Eighteen men accompany five wagons heavily laden with powder and balls, taking the Raritan River trail upstream. Not far along, just past the forge on Runyon Hill, Reginald’s party turns inland taking the willow path up the bluff toward the clearing.
The ambush begins here, then moves. Twelve soldiers and the five wagon drivers die in the first volley. Reginald and the others return fire, apparently without affect. Following doctrine, they turn ninety degrees along the line of fire making down the hill to reload. Reginald and his fellow soldiers probe the ambush line for a hundred yards or so before the firing lets up, hunkering down in Elizabeth’s Creek, at the base of the bluff.
Reginald says the woods came alive behind them moving with men indistinguishable from the fall foliage- the second phase of the ambush. Ten muskets pointing at their backs, our redcoats never stood a chance. According to Reggie, a lone seemingly military officer on horseback arrives, points his gun at Reggie’s back and pulls the trigger. Reginald’s comrades suffer the same fate- barbaric execution. We only find Reginald alive.
Reginald tells me his family supplies uniforms to the troops fighting in the colonies. Reginald asks how stupid the King is for providing the rebels clean, easy-to-see targets? Reginald asks if the King is trying to lose this war intentionally. Reginald feels betrayal from all those back home. Reginald spits profanities as he dies.
I am sorry to be the bearer of bad news. For obvious reasons I will send this missive anon.

Precipitating Catalyst
Memorandum of Fact Finding
To: PAU Board of Directors
Re: ZOISOD Incident→ Addendum XXVII Karl Meltzer, P.C.
SUMMARY
Per Board of Director instructions, Punishment Angel Union Operational Security is re-examining the action(s) of certain key individuals known now to play more than ancillary roles leading to the collapse of the Annex Ops and the shrinking of the PAU’s influence.
One such individual’s profile, classified in the system IDNUM 112,343,279,898_Karl_Metzler (deceased) formerly of the GC Organization, will now reflect our re-evaluation as the P.C. (precipitating catalyst).
BACKGROUND
Though few records of the era remain, young Metzler joined the Bolivar Academy in Venezuela following pre-school identification examinations. Interviews with former classmates reveal Metzler’s participation in accelerated programs useful for leadership potential identification, including deep exposure to the field of operational logistics and the individuals entrusted with the real world.
Following the death of the Bolivar matriarch, teenager Karl Metzler received recognition of his outstanding abilities with an appointment to the Logistics Subcommittee of the Bolivar Academy Re-structuring Committee. Within six months, Metzler was running the Academy’s Operations for the new Academic Chancellor, Carolla Bolivar, a person of interest in the Annex fiasco.
Metzler updated the Academy’s systems then developed a breakthrough artificial intelligence interface computer language. Collaborators including Rita Bolivar, Estelle Bolivar and Pedro Saenz also designed database analysis algorithms capable of unlocking the toughest encryption schemes and guaranteeing operational security within and without the Gran Columbian Organization leading to exponential growth in their vice operations. Approximately one year later, the GC launched the discrete murder-for-hire operation, 7 Figure Hits. At this time, PAU Security opened IDNUM 19,435,908,002_Gran_Columbia.
EARLY CONTACT
The first mention of Karl Metzler in PAU files is an endorsement attachment to a new vendor application received from the GC when the PAU took a booth in the annual Vegas outsourcing convention. Metzler seems to have made quite an impression with our representatives, one in particular. On the strength of this glowing recommendation, the GC application’s independent review commenced with on-site interviews of key executives of the Bolivar Academy. The tour’s student guides included Karl Metzler, mentioned often in the report filed by the Chair of the Independent Review Commission, Death. The GC received provisional restricted vendor status.
Of note: Death’s Fentanyl habit began around this time or shortly thereafter.
Shortly after the diversification agreement, the PAU Management Committee began outsourcing various operations, including management of recreational facilities, thus distancing leadership from the wrath of the rank and file. The GC found most complaints justified, unsurprisingly, and appointed Metzler on-site representative. Metzler began a supply side program to streamline operations, aggressively purchasing locally owned and operated shipping companies with warehouses. Complaints tapered off then stopped.
On the advice of the board and management, PAU initiated the Trusted Supplier protocols providing vendors such as the Gran Columbian Organization, Bolivar Academy and Karl Metzler limited system keys. Apparently, the vendor providing the security system furnished stolen property. Forensic examination of our hardware show tampering during the design phase while study of the purloined plans (originating from an unapproved vendor employing Rita Bolivar) reveal Metzler encoded numerous Artificial Intelligence penetration algorithms hidden inside. Metzler’s AI may have learned of the existence of the Billingsport Range 50/50 Book at the Paddock recreational facility.
Of note: Death’s third attempt at Fentanyl Detox failed about this time or shortly thereafter.
COMMONSENSE & LOGIC ANALYSIS
Our event horizon timelines indicate Karl Metzler confronted Death with analytical evidence showing systemic tampering with the 50/50 Book concurrent with Death’s escalating Fentanyl addiction. Death then began supplying Metzler and the GC Organization inside information and ancillary favors.
Of note: Death denies knowing anything about anything, especially Fentanyl.
PRECIPITATING CATALYST
Karl Metzler died during the Battle of Port Bolivar. Communication intercepts indicate he bled out when his GC Mobile Logistics Unit fell under attack from US forces. Shortly thereafter he initiated contact with individuals high up in the GC Command Authority. Then & only then did Pedro Saenz turn up at Gate 7.
DISPOSITION
Karl Metzler: Unknown.
Death: Refusing inquiry participation, possible litigant.
The 50/50 Book & The Paddock at Billingsport Range: Recreation Hall Closed, Action Suspended.
CONCLUSION
Karl Metzler: Sphere of influence far surpassing previously suspected involvement (cross-reference Death file). Re-classify as P.C. (precipitating catalyst).
nebbi/ dictated not read/noforndist


Bong Farewells
 “My shit and your mother’s meatloaf!” Pedro stacks the last wooden crate atop the seven arranged in a pyramid in the corner of Karl’s cramped Paddock office as Karl looks on.
“What’s that?” Karl enjoys watching Pedro hump crates.
“A perfect match!” Pedro enjoys needling Karl, particularly over his poor departed mom.
“One, I need a lighter, not a match. Two, quit cracking on my mom’s cooking already.”
“Do you remember the time we put the crime scene tape across the kitchen door?”
“Spookily clairvoyant- you know her death certificate listed a host of food borne pathogens as likely causes yet I can’t seem to remember you declining seconds, thirds even.”
“Cast iron stomach, luckily, food insecurity and whatnot. Oh boy, she couldn’t cook. Got any idea what you plan to say to her, um, you know, when you go?” Pedro needs to know.
“Any day now with your lighter slacker, this bong isn’t a self-starter.” Karl is going old school for this meeting, breaking out the ancient big red bong on the wooden base with little pot tray and threaded party bowl holder, their first combined purchase.
Pedro takes out his lighter and gets Karl’s one-hit going. Karl coughs, Pedro laughs.
“Up yours,” Karl gags.
“Do you know when you’ll meet her?” Pedro is a little curious; Karl’s mom was a piece of work back in her breathing days. Now?
Karl is lost in thought, “Sudden and violet is what I know.”
“Sudden and violent, you mean.” Pedro understands sudden and violent.
“Yea sorry, I was looking at those fentanyl crates you brought in, they’re violet. Why are they so damn violet?” Karl’s mind drifts with his buzz.
“Yikes, that must be some good weed. Pushcram the chamber and load me up already.” Pedro taps his foot, his idea of a patience demonstration, “Remember that time we made up the fake news story? About your mom’s cooking reveal as the cure for anal retentiveness?”
“Geez, why did you have to bring that up?” Passing over the bong to shut Pedro up, Karl moans, “Now she’ll know, won’t she?” Karl always scapegoated Pedro for all relevant foibles of youth.
Pedro practically spit takes bong juice in a laugh that turns rapidly to coughs, garnering laughs from his doomed audience, “No more plausible deniability, Karl old boy, you may as well own up to the magazines too. Yup, put her on the list of people you don’t want to meet right off the second you find heaven, right above poor dear Mrs. Wilson.”
“Oh man is she going to hate my guts, or what?” Oh, yeah, no doubt.
“I noticed you’ve arranged for her to hire an assistant, someone to hold the bucket?”
Karl laughs, grabs the bong for another round, “In a manner of speaking, I found her a botanist.”
Pedro foot taps waiting his turn, “Ooh, good one, wish I thought of that.”
Karl finishes, coughs again, “Gets a little harsh toward the end. I am so used to vaping, I’d worry about my health if I had longer, you know. Luckily…” Karl packs Pedro a one-hit before screwing in the party bowl, “Prepare for a three part mix- next up, salad bowls.”
“Salad is a slow killer stop worrying, you mentioned sudden and violent, remember?”
Karl unscrews the one-hitter, goes deep and long on the salad, “Good stuff. Mrs. Wilson enjoys companionship, the girl was a good travel test bed and it’s too bad we couldn’t keep her. Celia is teaching in Christchurch, Mrs. Wilson will find her.”
“A botanist, huh? Wow, that was smart even for you, wish I thought of that.”
“So you said a second ago in an astonishing bout of clarity.” Karl passes the salad over, “Sudden, violet- then back to work. Until I hear from Mrs. Wilson that she has Celia safe, I’ll be stuck here.”
“In this dump? Geez Karl, live a little already!”
“Then it’s straight to hell, I mean Texas.”
“One and the same in some circles,” Pedro commiserates, “No hell for me yet, one more run to go, up the coast to meet with the jersey boys then into the Village. Maybe raise some hell, can’t say, the night is yet to come.”
“I have head shots of Celia and Mrs. Wilson, make sure your fellows get them or who knows what will happen.” Karl empties the party bowl for refilling, “Are you sure you can trust them?”
“In God I trust, everyone else gets paid- so, yeah I’m willing to wager my future on the three cases hidden in the boat.”
“Fentanyl?”
 “Nope, Bolivian flake.” Pedro fires up the bong, “Just in case of emergency, I have an extra case or two.”
“In case of emergency, huh?” Karl is Materiel Supply, knows how many cases are below decks.
“It’s a crazy world, Karl. Signs of the times, and whatnot, eh?”
“You say so. When are you leaving the city, tomorrow?” Karl begins humming to the jukebox outside, if so I’ll arrange a plane to meet you at Teterboro afternoon.”
“Catchy tune, enjoyed it the first ten times it played; what, is it the only record in that box?” Pedro is no fan of Karl’s singing, humming or whistling.
“As a matter of fact,” Karl finishes off the salad, “you are correct. It’s the kind of crowd that tends to destroy everything they touch; the union adopted the vinyl 45rpm edition as a theme song. Kind of sad, ask me.”
“What about this whole affair isn’t?” Pedro wishes Karl a longer life, in vain.
“Don’t give me any shit, not this late. Airre claims that, regardless the outcome, you will probably have fun. Do you hear me? F-U-N says she, F-U says I, the one expecting sudden and violet in my near future. Reminds me, are the (cough) six cases of flake in the boat also violet?”
“Indeed, I always smuggle things in happy colors, was using neon for years. For this project, I selected orange then aqua now violet.”
“My favorite colors. Before you hit the road, take one of these.”
Pedro catches the pill bottle, opens it to a sea of pink and white capsules. Smiling broadly, “Magical mushroom tabs! My favorite pastime.” Two fly down his gullet.
“I was going to say they’re enhanced so go easy but I see this matters not. Just do me a favor and don’t take another until you clear Billingsport Range, the Coast Guard is cracking down on partying boaters this year.” Karl probably wouldn’t have included an abundant sprinkling of Nanos in his discussion of said enhancements. Ignorance is bliss. “Bet good old Mrs. Wilson would enjoy the chop, hahaha.”
“Look around Karl, see any friends?” Pedro wants to cry.
Karl provides glasses, fills each with single malt.
Pedro clinks his glass with Karl’s as in unison they shout their pre-meal prayer, the one from the old days enjoying Karl’s mom’s cuisine: 
‘Those about to die, salute you!’
endnotes

Thanks to my beta readers for keeping me straight ahead- particularly KT, Lauren and Deb.

Thanks to Larry Bond and Tom Clancy for creating Red Storm Rising from the Harpoon AI data set and to Rick Atkinson for teaching the world how to craft a military narrative.

About the Author: Peter Fisher is an invisibly disabled scientist temporarily housing the fledgling Union of Slacking Scientists, a W4 forum. The Union is currently issuing a callout for disabled scientists. Check peterfisherbooks on twitter and facebook but to find out more & signup for the Bulletin: peterfisherbooks.com.
Bonus: Zone of Influence Strike One sample
PROLOGUE: Ground Rules

This is a story about hope…

The Paddock Bar & Grill @ Billingsport Range, NJ 0125 
The lone figure in the stifling office- hunching behind a small mountain of account books tenses, listening. Cocking his head warily, sniffing dead air, Karl begins gagging- so much putrid matter floating about in here. Not for the first time does he wonder if he should move the office into the crapper, for the ambiance. Why the hell do they put the most important items in the worse places?
Expecting trouble the proprietor stretches his sore back, listening closely to his painfully cracking vertebrae. Damn, if he hears himself creaking it’s too quiet by half. He kicks the lifeless air conditioner protruding from the cinderblock wall, piece of crap. Sliding open the center drawer of the bulletproof desk he peruses a well-stocked armory suitable for crowd control. For the first time in ages Karl Meltzer smiles- peacekeepers provide elemental protection.
In this upside down world his otherwise prize conditions reflecting peace and tranquility i.e. still, quiet, totally at ease- become trouble indicators. Karl sighs, silently puts on his vest.
Choosing to go general purpose, quickly and quietly Karl selects a pair of large automatic handguns: .50cal Desert Eagles. Holstering the .50s he then grabs multiple handfuls of spare shells and magazines, filling his trouser and vest pockets. Eyeing the 12gauge pistol grip short-barrel shotgun, Karl carefully considers his patrons, hmmm can’t overstock when it comes to controlling this crowd. The shotgun holds eight rounds, enough to clear the main room of most casual spectators. Pumping a shell into the cylinder, Karl breaks nine hours of silent contemplation with a loud sigh, taking a deep breath beginning to relax ever so slightly. The gun’s custom sling slips over his head and as the shotgun falls to his side he inserts a large knife into the small of his back and another into his hidden sock scabbard. OK, ready.
Taking pride in managing a well-behaved Book, a Book predating written history, a Book deserving of respect, Karl checks his look in the floor length mirror. Hmmm, very business-like from head to toe, double Windsor knot to spit shine on his wing tips, damn- he could pass for an accountant. No weapons visible.
Dating to medieval times, the office’s thick oaken door not only muffles the crowd noise but also proves impenetrable to outright attack, a very desirable trait. Drawing a Desert Eagle, silently Karl eases over to his secret peephole. By tradition, the public areas of the Billingsport Range Paddock contain zero monitoring devices. Only an idiot creates trouble here.
Sliding back the jacket covering the hole, standing on his tippy toes and leaning just a bit Karl could tilt to see the entire room. This maneuver put his good eye on the betting windows, letting his wandering eye scan the flotsam and jetsam ebbing and flowing inside. Two guards on either side of the entrance to the counting room maintain a semi-relaxed vigilance, quietly menacing. OK, so far so good, almost time. Pulling his jacket off the hook Karl slowly noiselessly slides back the deadbolt to peek out the door. Hmmm. Unsure of his misgivings, he holsters the fifty to slip on his suit jacket, effectively covering the hardware reverting to a simple, harmless Bookmaker.
Holy shit, hot as hell in here, once away from the comfort of the office there is no air movement let alone air conditioning- sons of bitches keep swiping the chillers. Is what to anticipate when you cater to these classy waterfront types; Karl possesses too much life experience by half. 
He ducks behind the bar back, hoping to find a relatively clean towel. To be honest, the forever-sweltering windowless concrete box known as the Paddock Bar & Grill at Billingsport Range does not invite cleanliness or tourists. More like, if you find yourself inside, take a quick look then it’s time to leave before catching something nasty. No clean towels. Opening the cooler, he fishes about for a clean anything but comes up dry- nothing but frosted mugs, no surprise.
Monitoring the crowd noise while drawing a draft of the local Delaware River swill, Karl senses a growing unease in the throng. The Book appears extremely busy, last minute wagers praying for a better line on the Shumate line among others- as if. Must be nearly time for the first results, Death is always on the move. As the Book, Karl couldn’t typically care winners from losers. As the odds-setter however, he makes sure to apply what leverage he can come by to ensure the house gets paid. Know it or not, like it or not, tonight makes or breaks their collective future. He pulls out his Shoo-11 ticket, makes a quick check with the odds on the board then grins broadly. The action grows ever more hot and heavy for the Shoo fifty-fifty but out past Shoo-11 at Shoo-13. With so few tickets in play thanks to his manipulation the payoff on Shoo-11 will result in a much smaller split but if and only if Mrs. Wilson comes through…
Maintaining vigilance on the front door with his wandering eye Karl puts his good one over to the till. Hmmm, not so bad- apparently the old management undersold the earnings potential from selling booze and whatnot. He knew better but when negotiating with these guys, well, profit sharing inevitably translates into payoffs. Karl and vice are like old pals on a first name basis (early adopter status). He is all about pay for play and everybody gets paid. In fact, Karl Meltzer never saw a profit and loss statement before assuming ownership. He has zero interest in Paddock legit business, only in working the Book to his own ends.
“Not to worry Karl, no worries my friend.” So said Satan, more than once and always with a sly grin, “The Paddock never closes and the crowd never thins.”
Amid the PAU faithful, Karl prays for Mrs. Wilson.

Shoo-11, Christchurch, New Zealand 0830
ZXYZ All News Talk All New Zealand: In the news today, regional and local government sources this morning confirm earlier reports of Christchurch Parish’s eighty eight thousandth eight hundred and eighty eighth militant to die this year. Public executions via statutes comprising what are commonly referred to as the “Be On Your Best Behavior” laws, though draconian in nature, account for less than half those dead with the rest attributed by the Judiciary to natural causes, primarily disease and starvation…Today’s weather next but first… 

“After Eighty Eight Comes Zero!” Commanding attention and respect, the one-time parade ground instructor’s booming voice reverberates through the small kitchen, drowning out the radio, silencing the already subdued breakfast crowd. All eyes dart to the tall figure filling the doorway, worry lines creasing every face.
Shoo looks back freezing midstride, aghast. Loose lips sink ships! Cursing himself inwardly- already has a target on his back; certainly he doesn’t need another negative report coming back on these poor souls. From the faces at the table, fact is they’re correct to live in fear. Free speech cruised-on out the door some time ago, along with every other constitutional guarantee. Said or sent, any/every opinion faces instant reprisal from the omnipresent secret judiciary.
His name is John Shumate, Colonel John Shumate Christchurch Parish Commander of Special Forces. At one-time a General Officer proud to lead the ranks of freedom defenders, Col. Shumate initially pushes back on the Good Behavior statutes, one of the few to express dismay regarding the suddenly rampant execution of foreigners and malcontents. That was a long, long time ago, what, like five lifetimes?
Facing internal discipline after making negative ancestral comments regarding the secret judges, Shoo stands mute rather than make a defense. At his hearing Shoo ponders the state of the world in general and the antics of the Chief Justice and his Bailiff in particular. Colonel Shumate decides to act, taking a semi-public anti-fascist stand, first dramatically slowing the pace of executions then limiting punishment to foreigners without visas. Soon a target appears on his back.
Comeuppance for his temerity takes the form of official sanctions and administrative punishment. To make certain Shoo understands the message, the judicial secret police drag him from bed, beating him severely about the head and face. Outside in plain view of the netsphere, wearing only a blind-fold and gag he takes forty lashes then another beating, with steel pipes. On the ground coughing blood, swinging jackboots begin cracking his ribs. They remove the mask so he can watch the Judicial Branch of Government burn down his house and kill his dogs. Listening in shame to the howling pack, Shoo mercifully takes a kick to the base of his skull- passing out.
Eventually the secret police leave him for dead and an ambulance eventually shows up to collect his remains, astonishingly finding him with a threadbare pulse. In a coma and on a breathing machine, his extensive wounds soon fester with non-treatable staph infections. The following morning the Reverend Belcher performs the Last Rites, as Shoo lay unresponsive. 
Then he meets Mrs. Wilson. Suddenly he begins to improve; within a day he’s eating solid food. Two days after that he’s out of the hospital and into this boarding house. That was yesterday. Today, Shoo is returning to work, defying expectations.
Shoo misses his dogs, constantly listening to their growls in his mind.
A soft laugh from behind jolts the ever-present voice in Shoo’s head into listening mode. “Dammit, where did I leave my glasses?” His new friend, Mrs. Wilson, pushes him into the kitchen, “Shoo, honey, have you seen my specs? You know I can’t see for shit without them.”
Colorful language is a red flag, but Mrs. Wilson doesn’t seem to be aware. As a newbie, Mrs. Wilson wears a scarlet F on her blouse, denoting her status as an uninvited pile of poo. Shoo studies the faces at the table, one or two appear angry. ‘Tomorrow’ Shoo’s internal voice intones, ‘tomorrow they come for Mrs. Wilson’.
Unless they don’t; that is, unless they can’t is the only way they won’t. Shoo tastes bile flooding his mouth; they shouldn’t have killed his dogs.
Mrs. Wilson smiles broadly, “Found you!” She turns to Shoo, “I see its back to work already. Try not to overexert, dear, there’s always tomorrow you know.”
“Thank you for your concern, Mrs. Wilson, but my vacation’s over.”
Shoo refers not to his brief respite in the hospital but to his long-suffering mental processes. Thanks to Mrs. Wilson somehow, his vision clears revealing a path through the darkness of his brain fog into a future of hope. 
Colonel Shumate learns not to predict the future after a cataclysm half a world away brings a flood of refugees to the southern hemisphere, many starving and in need of medical care the government cares not to offer. The newcomers find conditions to be intolerable, eventually rioting. Backlash by the Government begins with crowd control and containment at the ports of entry but soon escalates into rampant killings for imagined offenses. The Government suspends the constitution instituting martial law, opening kangaroo courts to lend an Airre of legitimacy to the thinning of the herd, resulting in tasteless tortures amid unnecessary brutality- all in the name of peace, love and understanding. 
Indeed, assholes murdering my dogs- huge mistake: vacation ends now. Shoo shudders in disgust.
“One step at a time, Shoo, you can do this.” Good old Mrs. Wilson takes his elbow, guiding them to the front door. “After Eighty Eight Comes Zero, you know.”
Slowing his breathing, sucking in his gut Shoo pauses briefly with one hand on the French doorknob, double-checking his appearance in the glass before making his final farewell. Taking a deep breath flashing a terse smile in her direction, Shoo intones, “After Eighty Eight Comes Zero, Mrs. Wilson.”
“I know dear, time to shake the tree. Thank you for everything.”
Gliding down the steps seemingly without a worry in the world, Shoo wonders if he’ll hear the shot that kills him. A phalanx of infantry falls in to accompany the Commander of Special Forces on his customary jaunt across Christchurch Town Square. Early mornings his Command Staff finalize preparations for the show trials and executions. Almost smiling Shoo begins musing about the size of today’s crowd. The future perhaps brightening damn near cheers him.
Heavy inland fog hanging over the empty cobblestone streets dampens not fully muffling the ominous sounds of their passing- steel plated boots down below, firing pins cocking heavy weapons above. Ordinary townspeople typically content to watch the festivities from the shadows scurry away as the military approaches. Recalling once bustling streets, crowds jostling pushcart vendors selling their wares- Colonel Shumate stiffens his backbone in silent resolve. After Eighty Eight Comes Zero remains his new mantra. They march on.
Former protector turn persecutor, Shoo claims a major share of responsibility for the pervasive smell of fear permeating Christchurch Parish; however, the path to fascism isn’t always a direct line. Instead, it meanders, twisting and turning.
After the initial rioting ebbs and flows for a month, General Shoo personally takes the call from the Defense Minister begging for troops to put down the latest, more intense round of civil unrest. A week later, Shoo earns his first file note for refusing to kill peaceful marchers in the ghetto protesting the intolerable living conditions. At the time, General Shumate closely claims his dogs live better. Immigrants stacking up like cordwood, little food and less sanitation. Luckily, a beer bottle shatters against his cheek slicing him up, giving him dysentery. Shoo takes perfectly timed medical leave.
Without the support of the military elite, the entire Executive Branch abdicates, first declaring martial law then running like cowards, dispersing throughout underground bunkers, taking the Legislature along. The Judiciary Branch, all that’s left, assumes command, an oddball assortment of (elected and unelected) paranoid lawyers. Immediately they begin worrying for their own safety at the hands of the populace. Stunning orders spewing from the Capital cement their rule through terror. After enlarging the criminal code and instituting draconian penalties, soon the Hall of Justice echoes with rifle fire. Safe from scrutiny in the disease ward milking his condition for time, Colonel Shumate pays attention to the goings on; as always, a learning machine.
Glued to his sickbed television, Shoo turns to NZcourtTV exclusively as District and Regional military commanders, blindly following orders, report TDY to the Capital. Immediately muffled then shackled hand and foot, fate pre-determined, Shoo studies their countenance- toughness oozing from every pore. A short show trial later, firing squads’ retorts echo, reverberating throughout the square for quite some time as the ranks discover who’s in charge. 
Shoo learns up close the terrible truth about his new reality directly upon leaving the hospital in shackles after months of rehab, a shell of his former self. The Chief Justice meets with him a week later, hands him an invoice for the six cartridges the firing squad require to end him then offers Plan B. They will prop him up as Military Commander if and only if Shoo not object to blatantly unconstitutional orders rounding up and placing in camps all at-large immigrants, political dissidents and an assortment of protestors. Left without options, depending on who tells it, Shoo either wouldn’t or couldn’t but ultimately didn’t open his mouth while filling the jails with undesirables.
Of course, public fascination with the executions trends with the notoriety of the personage in the blindfold. Today the docket list doesn’t contain celebrities but Shoo recalls fondly the ratings spike when his boss, the former Defense Minister crawls out from the bottom of a shallow hole. Shoo mingles with the crowd in the square during the organized torture early in the day but departs as the mob frenzy takes to the stage for an impromptu organ display. So goes the Defense Minister, so goes Shoo, sooner or later.
To his credit, General Shumate grows frustrated with indiscriminate killing- enough to mount an opposition campaign of sorts. His mild observation to the Chief Justice regarding the desirability of maintaining the status quo attracts first a demotion then death threats. Colonel Shumate does not downplay the risks instead choosing to ignore their warnings. Shoo is the consummate battle-hardened warrior many times near-death experience survivor (Shoo-6 and counting).
Not wishing to stir up direct military opposition with a public arrest, the Chief Justice instead appoints himself ultimate arbitrator, putting a contract on Shoo’s life through the Office of Judicial Intelligence, a group Shoo now refers to publicly as the OxyMorons. Their first assassination attempt leaves a bullet in his body, rubbing on his spinal cord, a very near miss (Shoo-7). Shoo relearns to walk in record time though the fragments torture him to move.
The OxyMorons let him heal before striking again. Back on the job, Shoo gets shot twice his first day back. A sniper nails him outside the Hall of Justice (Shoo-8) and a firefight breaks out in the operating room as surgeons desperately clamp everywhere they can reach to quench his blood flow (Shoo-9). Then they kill his dogs, amongst other insults (Shoo-10). The crowd follows at a safe distance.
 Quiet calm with pleasure unknown in decades floods his synapses. Shoo turns, catching sight of Mrs. Wilson. Good old Mrs. Wilson, somehow she understands. He couldn’t for the life of him figure out the how and why of her arrival on-scene just when he needs her most or how it is that he seems to heal quicker. Shoo isn’t a scientist, just an observer trying to put two and two together to get an answer below five.
Mrs. Wilson follows Shoo’s last journey step by step into the square, getting into position on the periphery early following Karl’s directive not to miss any of the festivities. That’s the whole point of insider information- she questions his now her relationship with death.
Shoo mounts the platform, arriving last. Advancing to the judges’ bench, face to face with the Chief Justice, wordlessly Shoo pulls his service issue .45 automatic, sticks out his middle finger then fires four rounds into the rotund jurist. ‘Case closed,’ flashes through his mind, ‘Let’s see, I started with a fifteen round clip, one in the chamber. That leaves, oh yeah, just enough for everyone’. Shoo double taps the other justices, and then pops the bailiff for good measure before scanning for more targets. Mission accomplished.
As if on cue the prominent analog clock atop the Christian Day Academy schoolhouse spire at the far end of the square begins chiming the nine o’clock hour. Loudspeakers commence their daily blaring of the National Anthem. Shoo holsters his weapon. Turning to face the flag he draws himself to full attention. Behind him, the troops of Bravo Company, his people, come to attention stiffly saluting. The chimes die off as the song fades…then a long moment of silence. Shoo’s show is over, dawn of a new day for Christchurch.
Across the quad at Christian Day Academy the tolling of nine bells signals change: nothing as dramatic as Colonel Shumate’s war declaration but rather another opportunity to get on the list. Poor Celia dreads yet another day waiting for the axe to fall. This young widow finds nothing appealing in her struggle to stay off the list of malcontents. A foreign-born botanist now elementary schoolteacher, she knows just enough to keep her head down and mouth shut during the show trials. Typically keeping to the crowd’s edge just in case she needs to leave in a hurry, today she finds herself standing next to the most composed woman. For some reason, when the shooting begins and the crowd spins into frenzied hysteria, her statuesque companion doesn’t move, so Celia also remains motionless (seems like a good idea at the time). When the National Anthem plays, the extraordinary woman salutes Shoo. 
Unfortunately, so does Celia. Uh oh, she can’t help herself. Oh no! “Shit, Celie, now what have you done?”
Instantly Celia’s heart races in panic, knowing she is cursing loud enough to come to notice. Beside her, Mrs. Wilson smiles. Somehow Karl made a good choice. Damn. You think he’d have friends.
Grasping Celia’s arm, Mrs. Wilson spins her to see the insanely worried look in her eyes. Placing her hand on Celia’s chest, “Calm down, nobody cares about you just yet. Wait for it.” They clasp hands.
The anthem ends. Shots ring out. Shoo drops, still saluting. His fifty-fifty ends at Shoo-11.
“Rest in peace, General Shumate, you’ve earned it. Now, Celia, my name is Jocelyn Wilson and I work for Karl Meltzer and Pedro Saenz, associates of an organization called the GC. We have information your name appears on the list; however, your fate is not to die here. I have an exit, come with me. We’re going to change the world and I need you.” Celia nods in acquiescence, go time.
Taking out a burner cell, Mrs. Wilson hits send as they clear the square. “We’re official here. Uh huh, all of them then I guess he settled a personal score with the Bailiff. No, I’d say not in the least, but who knows, eh? Yes, I found her. What boat at what dock? Check my bag for medicinals? Bastard, I’m going to make you pay for this.”
Keeping to the shadows, the two women join the masses departing the center of town. Sporadic shots ring out from the square, General Shumate’s Special Forces executing supporters of the Judiciary Branch of Government. Celia spit, “Good riddance to bad rubbish!”
“Why Celie, I’d swear you’re a militant already. No wonder you made the list, what with a mouth like a sailor and all.” Laughing out loud with gusto, Celie couldn’t help but join in and this first good laugh provides enough glue to cement a lifelong bond. They hurry toward the docks. 
“There’s our boat,” Mrs. Wilson mutters gesturing to a tall ship off in the distance, “Karl, officially now I hate you. There aren’t enough medicinals in the world to get on that scow. No living friends? No kidding.” They pause for her to rest.
After catching her wind she continues, “In fact, it’s a schooner, not a boat, five kilometers away at least.” Mrs. Wilson sounds testy, “How do you plan on us getting there?” Poor Celie doesn’t connect the leaky rowboat barely tied to the dock with the distant oceangoing schooner (unlike poor Mrs. Wilson).
Mrs. Wilson smiles thinly through her impending pain, “It will all be thanks to you, of course. Hop in and I’ll tell you a story related to your fate, help keep your mind off your aching muscles.” Tossing in her kit she gingerly makes her way to the stern of the small craft. Celie nods, ruefully deciding to follow her new leader off dry land and into the unknown.
“You know, Celie” Mrs. Wilson enjoys storytelling, “your world is an extremely dangerous place. Probably always has been, likely always will be. That is, until it ends.”
Celie manages to get one leg in the boat without falling in, a minor miracle. Straddling the fine line between floating and sinking she pushes them off the bank and into the bay. Putting on a pair of linen gloves and picking up the oars she muses, “Which, if I were to guess, is sooner rather than later?” She doesn’t understand her newfound friend but one must adapt to circumstances.
“There’s an author planning to write a book holding the answer key to the future, titled The Other Apocalypse of Peter. Believe it or not, he’ll be writing to show off his late-entry into literacy. Not that I blame him, for sure. How would you like credit for all sorts of books and letters and not be able to read? Absurd! Karl’s information indicates the new edition re-foretells the end of the world, as only an actual work, a direct attribution to the hand of St. Peter can.”
She desperately fishes about in her bag as Celia plies the oars, “Dammit, I thought... oh c’mon… what the hell...there it is, got it. So where’s my lighter?”
As Mrs. Wilson fires up her third attitude adjustment of the morning, Celie rows, thinks a bit, does a double take, then set the oars down to think some more. Staring into Mrs. Wilson’s eyes, looking into her soul, Celie finds truth. “Well, as long as you’re in the mood to talk, pass me that so I’ll be in the mood to listen.” Taking several hits to clear her thoughts, she shuts her eyes rocking to the beat of the gentle wind and waves. Then one more, you know, for good measure.
“Don’t be a Bogart, dear. Give me that. OK, you know we’re not going anywhere, don’t you?” Celia picks up her oars. “That’s better.” Feeling a tad queasy, Mrs. Wilson leans back to study the cloudless sky.
“Leaving Pedro Saenz out of the story for now, Karl runs operations for an organization called the GC, that’s short for Gran Columbia. Around for centuries, the GC strives for several goals including the unification of America into one nation state, in case you haven’t heard (Celie had not). They operate out of the Bolivar Academy, a quasi-military think tank and institute of higher learning in Venezuela. If you’re perhaps wondering, I do not affiliate with the group. I work directly for Karl Meltzer and Pedro Saenz. Karl sent me here.”
In fact, Celie knew of the Bolivar Academy. Some years back she flew down for a faculty appointment onsite interview. Unfortunately she didn’t get a callback and without a position fell prey to circumstances. She knew their story; in fact, the place reeks of it. Too winded to talk she opts to listen, concentrate and row.
“In 1828 with the War of Colonial Liberation won, Simon Bolivar rides forth with his troops to consolidate the Northern Territory into the Gran Columbian Republic. For months he makes plans conducting many, many meetings pushing consolidation not only of the northern region, but also of the entire continent. While touring his new empire the monsoon season hit, weeks early. The raging river shuts down the Amazon drainage basin to travel, stranding Bolivar’s Company.
Simon Bolivar puts himself up in the Governor’s Palace, a throwback to pre-revolution days. Helping himself to the Governor’s wife and daughters, Bolivar soon disregards all signs of discontent. For days the rains come and so does Bolivar. The locals begin wondering out loud when the Emperor plans to leave. They stop sending food to his troops. Noting the growing foulness in the ranks, several soldiers approach Bolivar’s boudoir warning of a coup. He laughs them off, none would dare.
Bolivar and Mrs. Governor are in flagrante delicto when gunfire erupts inside the mansion. Six of his bodyguards fall in the first fuselage along with several of the Governor’s aides. More gunfire from down the hall, by the time the door breaches El Liberator regains his feet. Pulling his pistol pointing at the first intruder’s head Bolivar is about to fire when he recognizes the man’s hat, a set piece belonging to his internationally famous Chef though Bolivar can’t for the life of him recall the man’s name.
“Hey Chef.”
“El Liberator, you must go. Not fight, go! They’re coming for you, so many.”
“Lousy rat bastards! Tell me who, who is it dare come for me?”
“Your Company, they’re all your men. Even now half the Army raids my pantry, liberating all your food and beverage.”
Mrs. Governor is up now, groggy, still more than a little drunk, head throbbing, wondering if she’s seeing a ghost, gathering her clothes, wishing to be back upstairs in bed with her husband. In time she may have felt remorse perhaps considering a prayerful apology; but her how-to tell the husband internal debate grows moot during the ensuing mayhem. Showing it doesn’t pay to mistreat the staff, after slicing her heart in two, to make his point the Chef then leaves a long handled serrated knife in her back- displaying the Governor’s crest.”
Mrs. Wilson pauses, examining her cold joint while fighting the urge to vomit on poor Celia’s shoes. Relighting, resuming her tale with a long exhale. “I know gruesome, right? Not for the first time in his life, lickety split Simon Bolivar finds his trousers, pulls on his pants and boots, grabs the rest of his kit takes three running steps flies out the second story window smashing a hay cart twenty meters below- death at the hands of his men a certainty.”
Celia nods in agreement, arms aching, far too winded to make small talk. Maybe her physicality needs help? Stopping mid-row, gesturing for the joint, she takes two long hits. Pausing like she has something to say, instead Celie takes a third, very long hit.
Mrs. Wilson gives her a shake of the head, thinking ‘Bogart’, while saying, “Picture El Liberator, making for the river dressing along the way, probably angling to get above the flooding. His Chef quickly hides, blending in against floor to ceiling window treatments, white linen on white linen. Throngs of angry soldiers spouting desperate oaths pour forth filling the room. Finding nothing but a corpse they exit the mansion. The Chef slips out the door, down the steps and into the teeming rain as an angry mob begins forming search parties.
Requiring transport, the Chef makes for the stables finding the Ferrier inside scurrying about saddling up horses with the help of his two sons. Yanking the door open stepping in with a pistol in each hand, the Chef relieves them of their burden. Two horses later, galloping down the lane, not daring to go cross-country across unfamiliar terrain in the flood of darkness, he plots a course to the river, hopefully somewhere ahead of his fleeing leader.
General Bolivar does not have such a luxurious road. From the cacophony, all manner of barking dogs, horsemen and drunken foot soldiers comb the grounds looking for el Liberator. The rain quickens to a deluge and he loses sight of the raging river. Twenty minutes and a multi kilometer sprint to the west later, Bolivar pauses to listen for the dogs while hunkering down in a sanitary ditch to wait for the next downpour; scrambling out after sinking deep into the muck. Bolivar smells the animal life and decaying vegetation making up the bog, he needs to find the river. Sniffing the shifting winds, he sprints into the worst of the stench. The downpour slackens and he can hear rushing water. Also, he smells watery people shit so knows the bank is close. Then the dogs howl, reacquiring his scent.
Again needing to throw off the dogs, taking a serpentine route running in and out of feeder creeks avoiding the sanitary ditches with thick gobs of mud slowing him to a crawl, Bolivar’s boots grow heavier with each slog. Slipping and sliding following a muddy game trail up a particularly steep hill, losing his footing halfway, toppling down the embankment and into the drink head first.”
Pausing, Mrs. Wilson examines the shrinking joint.
Celie can imagine nasty Amazon diseases, mentioning a few.
Mrs. Wilson nods her agreement, puts the joint into a clip and passes it to her new companion, aka the Bogart. Their fleeing is going better than her dire predictions; she hasn’t gotten sick once, not yet. Not only is Celia such a dear, but also proving to be a terrific rower besides! “Don’t be afraid to pass that back this way, dear…that’s it.”
“Unceremoniously Bolivar enters the River full tilt leading with his head. Swept downstream, roiling under the waves, surfacing briefly then going under again- the light in Bolivar’s eyes dims with each labored breath. With two or maybe three large gulps of nastiness heading for his intestines, he briefly surfaces vomiting last evening’s gourmet meal and fine wine, all three bottles. Bolivar’s insides immediately fall into poor condition. Good call, dear.” Mrs. Wilson gives credit where credit is due, even to the Bogart’s of the world.
“The great man tumbles, rolling desperately to stay afloat before striking a tree, stopping his travels. In the raging flood, there he is kissing the bark you might say, far from shore. Ten long minutes daring not make a move or utter a sound, Bolivar begins to pray hoping to get in a quick request or two but further debris loading dislodges his tree casting the General downstream.”
“Where the Chef is?” Celie catches her second wind.
“Leaning low as possible, hiding between the horses, the Chef walks downstream, trying to follow the dark and muddy river to the best of his ability. He worries for el Liberator, the clouds are thinning and he fears any moment he’ll see the searchers on approach and closing judging from the growing cacophony of boisterous calls for Bolivar’s scalp.
Suddenly the rain stops, the moon pops out and the Chef sees Bolivar in the river, arms wrapping a tree, head just above the rotten smelling flood. Another second later a huge clump of debris slams into Bolivars’ back, dislodging the tree. Bolivar slips under the waves as the clouds thicken and the monsoon hits restart.”
“Yikes!” Hands on her oars, Celie pauses expectantly but Mrs. Wilson ignores her with a smile taking a huge hit off the shrinking roach. Sighing softly her attitude flagging Celia again begins to row, albeit less enthusiastically.
“Indeed. The Chef mounts up, galloping downstream. Pacing the floating tree, he cannot see el Liberator. Knowing the road crosses the river somewhere ahead, praying it’s intact he races for the bridge. Upon reaching the span, above the middle of the raging water, he catches a glimpse of a body. Not thinking twice, he jumps in, the corpse breaking his fall. Wrapping it up with his legs, he gets one arm underneath, lashing them for the struggle to the riverbank.
Onshore, the Chef rolls el Liberator onto his back. Pushing on his guts, he evacuates the water from the man’s lungs; then slaps Bolivar in the face repeatedly hoping to restart his breathing. The Chef slaps him some more to stop the wracking coughs; you know, to conceal their position. With his palm he shushes the gurgling curses streaming from el Liberator. Both men cock an ear to listen: rushing water. Heaving with exhaustion the Chef stands unsteadily; disappearing into the night, returning a minute later with two horses, two pistols and a long gun of some sort, pulling Bolivar under cover as the patrol nearly overruns their position.
A scowl creases Bolivar’s face listening to his men shouting fearsome epithets; but as they cross over he begins breathing easier, relaxing a little, deciding the sudden loss of unit control, patrol discipline and procedure was not accidental but rather an indicator of his troop’s willingness to betray him. In other words they didn’t seem to be trying so hard to catch him, being better than their orders.
Search noises fade into the background until all he can hear are just about a billion or so crickets chirping at the rain, their oaths drowning out those of his troops. His current predicament galls the General enough to shake off the Chef. Attempting to stand, barking out orders, “Give me a carbine, damn you!”
Cursing their mothers, fathers, children- even their mistresses, “Viva El Liberator- my ass you sons of whores”, the Chef stops Bolivar from further ignoring his serious injuries in a foolish attempt to educate his men via the long gun. Mounting disgust radiating waves of steaming hot rage alarms the Chef who acts without thinking. Besides, pouring a saddlebag of water over el Liberator’s head may help remove the nasty smelling river gook.
Raging, sputtering curses trying gain some traction on the muddy riverbank beneath the bridge, Bolivar falls back, chest heaving from his mad flood swim and near death. Sensing the coming tide, he rolls onto his belly to vomit a thick stream of putridness toward the river.
El Liberator’s horse leans down and licks his face, bringing Bolivar back around. Trying to calm and reassure his companions, he whispers, “If these bastards do not capture us, they will all hang!” Then he moans loudly before shitting himself and passing out. The Chef sighs, sniffs then sighs again, but eventually refills the saddlebag.”
Celia thinks of the old Chef sitting at water’s edge, rinsing off mud, shit and urine mix. The formerly clean man is no doubt desperate to return to his bed, to fall asleep under a thick, dry comforter in a sparkling clean nightshirt. Deciding decades ago to throw in with his beloved Liberator, he doubles down during a coup no less, warning the legendary freaking fornicating philanderer of his impending doom at the hands of plotters comprising most of his trusted inner circle. What can be worse than being unclean? Living the life of a condemned murderer is the only reward after performing a drowning rescue then nursing el Liberator’s convalescence. Celia likes the Bolivar story.
“So you see Celie, the military coup against el Liberator changes everything, what’s to say- I guess, should there have been no fall from grace then, Bolivars would be ruling the world today. At least, that’s how the Bolivars see things I’m sure. Instead, they’re a bunch of wannabees. There’s more to the story; hold on a second, I have something to show you.”
Monologue nearly complete, Mrs. Wilson fishes around in her bag for quite some time, eventually discovering gold. She extends her hand, palm down. Expecting another joint, Celie instead receives some wrinkly sheets of thin parchment paper. Unfolding the screed noting the fading typeface’s ancient appearance, perhaps a product of the very first press by Guttenberg’s very own hand (on one of his bad days), Celie reads aloud:

The Apocalypse Of Peter

Celie shoots Mrs. Wilson a glance, “What’s this?”
“Not an original, don’t worry. The Dead Sea Scrolls, found in a Middle Eastern cave in the nineteen forties contain several versions of diatribes regarding the long awaited apocalypse. Most derive from the Apocalypse of Peter the Apostle. Allegedly written centuries after his death, this same disciple of Jesus is said to be unhappy with the attribute wishes to correct the record.”
“St. Peter couldn’t read or write. Not to say, how did he become an author from the grave?”
Mrs. Wilson’s smile lights the darkest times, “Well, that’s the question, isn’t it?” Celie drops the oars as they draw up alongside the schooner, grabbing a rope ladder. Mrs. Wilson’s smile dims, “So, that’s the story, dear. We’re to make for the States, someplace on the east coast of New Jersey in the Billingsport Range to look Karl up at the Paddock Bar & Grill. I’m happy you’re tagging along.”
“What choice did I have? Death or take a voyage? There remains nothing to decide, Mrs. Wilson.”
Mrs. Wilson smiles at her most indulgently, “Dear, you will come to learn, as I did, choosing not to decide is still making a choice.”
