

Crime in Me’tra

By Kaeleb LD Appleby
 	
Prologue

“Me’tra Police, open up.” She called loudly as she banged on the door of the apartment. 
Her knocks echoed along the dank corridor of the run-down building but all else was quiet. Perhaps too quiet. 
A slight thud from inside the apartment caught her keen ears and she cocked her head to the side to listen more intently. Muffed movement could be heard from within and yet no one had come to open the door. 
“I can hear you in there. Now open the door.” She demanded irritably and brushed back her shoulder length black hair. 
A louder bang sounded from within followed by a muffled cry.
“That’s it.” She grumbled to herself and took a step back from the door.
Adjusting her equipment belt she readied herself before lunging forwards with a powerful kick into the door right beside the handle. Wood splintered and bolts popped as the door swung violently inwards. Cautiously she entered the dark studio apartment, the only light came from red candle that burned on shelves and tables about the place. The smell of smoke a blood hung heavily in the air and her eyes widened as he came around the short entrance hall and into the room to see a young woman spread eagled upon a bed wearing nothing but her underwear. Above the bed on the wall strange symbols were written in blood and beside the bed stood a table with an assortment of bloodied knives upon it. 
The girl on the bed cried out to her as she entered, though her pleas were muffled by the cotton gag in her mouth. 
Quickly she moved towards the prisoner and cut the binding that held the girl.
“Where is the person who did this?” she demanded as she pulled the gag from the girl’s mouth.
“The window,” the girl said, her eyes filled with fear. 
“Call the police.” She commanded as she raced from the bed and to the open window. 
The window opened out into the street where another tall apartment building stood barely metres from this one. Smog hung heavily in the air, dulling the light and obscuring the limited view. 
“Not this time, you bastard,” she said determinedly as her green eyes spotted a shirtless man running along the narrow ledges along the building. 
Without another thought for the poor girl on the bed she jumped from the window and onto the thin brick ledge. As agile as a cat she hopped to the adjacent building the sped off in pursuit of the man. 
It was clear that he had thought he had slipped away from her yet again as he was making no efforts to outpace her and casually jumped to another tall building. She was gaining on him quickly and a grin smile came to her lips. But that smile vanished as the shirtless man glanced over his shoulder to see her bearing down on him. 
The bald man shouted some curses before he took off with unnatural speed and agility. 
“Prosthetic enhancements,” she cursed and gritting her teeth she took up chase along the high building ledges. 
But being part of the police department she had had her own fair share of cybernetic enhancements which also afforded her greater speed and agility. Increasing her own pace along the narrow ledge the shirtless man could not outpace her and fortunately the buildings in this part of Me’tra were tightly packed together which made the chase easier, although they were still over fifty stories from the ground. 
“Stop. Police.” She shouted after the man, but she knew there was no chance of that. 
Furiously the chase went on as she followed the man from one ledge to another, jumping over metal balconies and sliding down guttering before having to jump several feet to a lower level. Downwards they seemed to be going, further into the darkness of the ground levels where the shadows of the giant buildings and smog covered the place in perpetual night. Dim lights and neon signs were the only light the poor citizens in this area of the city knew.
As they descended further and onto a humanity terrace, where constructed platforms sat between the buildings and substituted for the ground, the street lights came on and she feared she might lose sight of the man in the crowds. But this part of town was not exactly bustling with activity, unless it was in some way criminal, so she had little trouble following the man through the street and passed the brothels and strip clubs. 
In an attempt to lose her the man began knocking over street stores and shoving people to the ground in an attempt to create obstacles. But she was a trained detective of the elite Me’tra police, the training she received was second only to the army’s, and of course that of the Wynar. 
Down a side alley the perpetrator darted and jumped off of the humanity terrace onto yet a lower level. It was much darker in this place and the lights of the street were fewer, disgusting odours filled the air and puddles of who knows what lay in the road. 
The lower section was also almost devoid of people. Thinking quickly she took a spark grenade from her belt and armed it with a flick of her thumb. As she chased the man around the corner she launched the grenade with all her strength. The small silver ball flew through the air and landed ahead of the running man before exploding in an eruption of electricity. The shards of red lighting darted around the narrow road, bouncing off the walls and causing the man to cry out and fall into a pile of rubbish where he lied still. 
She slowed her run as she moved closer and took a deep breath. Veins of electricity still slithered around the walls and road as she cautiously moved closer to the unconscious man. 
Curiously she noticed there were many scars covering the man’s torso, carved in designs of the same strange and ritualistic symbols she saw back in the apartment. See winced at the sight, for the wounds looked self-inflicted. 
She grimaced in disgust as she took a pair of handcuffs from her belt and moved to arrest the unconscious man. 
As she bent over him the man’s suddenly moved and heavy kick slammed her in the gut, blasting air from lungs and causing her to tumble backwards onto the grimy street. The killer was on her in a flash and a heavy right fist collected her in the cheek as she tried to stand. Turning with the blow she managed to deflect most of the impact, but she still went spinning away and back to the ground, tearing her tight pants and ripping her jacket sleeve. 
Rolling to her feet she drew forth a thin metal rod protruding several inches from a standard sword handle. With a flick of her wrist the rod extended to little over a metre coming to a sharp point. Light blue lines of colour shot down the grey shaft and sent forth a feint glow. 
With a cry the killer grabbed a broken pipe from the ground and charged at her, swinging the pipe for her head. Skilfully she duck under the swing and twisted away from the larger man. But he would not relent and he green eyes locked with the man’s crazed and bloodshot stare. As of deranged from some drug the man screamed wildly and tried to tackle her to the ground. 
Quickly she dived lower and into a roll. As she slid under the flailing arms of the man she struck out with her metal rod tripping the man up and sending him into a cold puddle. 
The crazed man was back on his feet in a heartbeat and charging back at her. Her eyes widened in surprise and managed to block the assailant’s heavy attacks, each one making her arms vibrate. Broken pipe and metal rod suddenly locked in front of her and the stronger man pushed her backwards into the side of the building. The impact knocked the air from her lunges and her head cracked against the brick, sending her senses reeling and sending cracks through the concrete of the building.
If were not for the prosthetic alterations to her body she would have likely been knocked unconscious or crushed by the killer’s enhanced strength. 
She knew she was in trouble and desperately pressed a button on the crosspiece of her weapon. The lights along the metal shaft of her weapon flared brightly before a burst of electricity shot forth jolting her attacker backwards and crushing her further into the unrelenting wall. 
Both she and the man crumbled to the ground as fingers of lightning rippled through their bodies. Shaking the grogginess from her head she staggered to her feet to once again square off against the murderous man.
“You will kill no more.” She said in determination, more to firm her resolve and focus her thoughts than for anything else.
In response the man screamed wildly and charged at her with his broken pipe once again. Too sluggish to move she was forced to block and deflect each of the attacks. But with the blue veins of the baton activated each time their weapons connected a jolt of lightning propelled the man backwards. The veins of blue light lit up the dark alley, bouncing off the walls and pipes. Snaking across the killer’s flesh she could see his skin begin to burn and melt to reveal the metal of his cyber enhancements. If he kept this up he would be nothing but a metal exoskeleton. 
Clearly aware he was outmatched the man opened his mouth wide in a manic yell and lunged at her. Too exhausted to dive out of the way this time she could not evade it and the man tackled her to the grotty street. Weapons fell from both their hands as the murderer took her to ground. Desperately she balled her fists and lashed out, but despite connecting solidly with the man’s face he did not relent. Screaming psychotically the man grabbed her by the collar and proceeded to pick her up and slam her back to the ground as he straddled her and pinned her to the ground. With each blow she felt the darkness of the unconsciousness grab at her. Instinct to survive took over and somehow she managed to grab her knife and plunge it into the attacker’s neck. 
The man let out a cry and tried to pull away from the painful bite. Stupidly the man grabbed her by the wrist and pulled backwards. She released the blade from her grip, but the man still held her by the wrist. She cried out in pain as the killer put a heavy foot in her gut and pulled back from her, pulling her shoulder from its joint and tearing the skin and muscle of her arm along with the fabric of her jacket. Ripping her arm completely off the man stumbled backwards. Fortunately for her that arm was completely prosthetic and easily replaced, but that did not subdue the pain she felt. 
Breathing heavily she propped herself up on her remaining elbow thinking her knife would have done the job of severing the man’s artery and killing him. But to her horror the man slowly pulled the short blade from his neck and as blood streamed down his bare chest he moved towards her threateningly, knife in one hand and her severed arm in the other. 
Horrified she looked around from something to save her and as the murderous man drew closer her eyes fell upon the hilt of her baton. Desperately she crawled for her weapon, but the man saw her intentions and lunged for her. As the murder came down upon her she managed to grab her baton and turn upon her attacker. The sharp point of the baton easily pierced through the man’s chest, skewing his heart and driving out the back of his metal shoulder blade. The still active veins of light blue surged forth another discharge of electricity, scorching the man’s skin and exploding flesh as it sent him flying backwards off the baton and into a grimy puddle. Even with all his prosthetic enhancements without a heart he was as dead as anyone else.
Letting out a great sigh of relief she dropped the baton beside her and collapsed back to the ground. Sluggishly she took out her phone and flipped it open with her thumb. 
“This is Detective Kusan, do you read me control?” she said through deep breaths. 
“I hear you detective,” said a mechanical voice from the other end of the phone line, “We have your location and sending a squad car.”
“I’ve caught the murder.” Kusan reported, “But, we’re going to need a body bag.” 
“Understood.” The android confirmed, “Squad car and paramedics, eta five minutes.” 
Lying on her back Kusan stared towards sky, through the smog and congestion of buildings she caught glimpses of the clear blue heavens. A painful ache made itself present at the back of her head all of sudden and a strange sensation flooded through her body. 
She recalled the moment the killer had slammed her against the wall where she had whacked her head, another pulse of pain flashed behind her eyes and her sight grew dim. Kusan heard the distant sound of police sirens before her consciousness left her completely. 
  
Chapter One

Gazing out through the hospital window she absently traced the jagged city skyline with her eyes. It was raining today and the bleak grey outlook did little to boost her spirits. For two days now she had been stuck in this hospital as the surgeons repaired her prosthetic arm and her cracked skull. A relatively minor operation, but it took longer than expected. 
The hospital was located on the south end of Bayside and as she looked west the waters of the bay seemed suppressed by the drizzle. In the middle of the large cove sat the immense stadium where all sporting competitions were held. Such events like the Hover Ball matches and the athletic challenges were nearly constantly happening there, and soon the fighting championships would soon take place. 
Kusan cared little for such games and sighed heavily as she waited. Looking to her new left hand she flexed her fingers and rolled her wrist, trying to get used to the new prosthetic limb. Though she need not have bothered for it was almost exactly the same as the previous arm, just a newer model. 
It was a strange thing, seeing your hand move yet having little to no feeling of it. The prosthetics contained some sensory receptors but they did not register well with her brain, a curse all with prosthetic enhancements felt. 
“Here you are Kusan, sorry for the wait,” a nurse said pleasantly as she entered the room carrying Kusan’s clothes and possessions. 
Kusan smiled slightly in reply as the nurse placed the bundle of affects at the end of the bed. 
“I even stitched up your jacket for you,” the nurse smiled wide, her big eyes sparkling.
“You didn’t have to do that, Demi,” Kusan replied awkwardly. 
“Nonsense,” nurse Demi continued to smile, “You’re a regular here, and a cop, of course we are going to take care of you.” 
“Thank you,” Kusan said haltedly as she began to remove the hospital robe and pull on her tight black pants.   
“Sorry about the wait as well,” Demi said, as she turned her dark eyes to the view through the window. “With prosthetics recently being made available for the public we’ve had a huge influx of citizens having surgery. I would have thought the steep price would have deterred a lot of them, but it seems everyone wants to live forever these days. Of course I’m not talking about you in the police or other public protections services. You guys need the enhancements to combat the rising crime rate.”
Kusan mumbled a response as she began buttoning up her top. 
“That reminds me,” Demi said with a start, “Along with the arm upgrade, we also upgraded your prosthetics legs to the latest model and updated your eye augmentation with the latest firmware. We also replaced the damaged portion of your skull with prosthetics. Free of charge.”
“Really?” Kusan was surprised, “Thank you.”
Subconsciously she touched the back of her head, but as she ran her fingers through her hair she could not feel anything. 
“Audio Tech have yet to release an updated version of your hearing enhancement, so we could not improve that for you,” Demi replied, seeming disappointed. 
“I doubt there will be a new version for a while,” Kusan remarked as she began pulling on her boots. 
“Why do you say that?” the nurse inquired curiously. 
“Audio Tech is owned by the Wynar corporation Augmentations, and we all know how the Wynar are doing these days,” Kusan replied simply.
“That’s true,” Demi nodded and looked back out the window. “With all their in-house fighting and jostling still going on do you think the fighting championships will be any good this year?” 
“Was it any good last year?” Kusan asked in reply and she strapped on her belt and grabbed her jacket before heading towards the door. 
“See you next time Kusan,” nurse Demi called after her.
Kusan waved over her shoulder and departed through the door into a long hallway. It seemed rather busy in this end of the hospital and most of the rooms were occupied with patients recovering from their cyber alterations. Although such enhancements were only made available to the public in the last few months it seemed that there was already a long backlog of patients wishing to be operated on. Although, such prosthetic enhancement had been available on the black market for a few years now and had been giving the smuggling division of the police department a headache for quite some time. 
Likely the black market was where the man from the other day had received his cyber enhancements, it was also just as likely that was the reason he had been insane. It was well known that such extensive surgeries can result in mental instability when incorrectly performed.   
Kusan pushed the thoughts from her mind as she climbed into a taxi out the front of the hospital. That case was closed, and it did not do well to dwell on such events. 
“Where to miss?” the cab driver asked as she closed the door. 
“Atlas building in Central,” she replied with little thought and the driver slowly pulled out from the hospital drive onto the main highway that led to central. 
The beeping of her phone pulled her attention from the bland scenery and with a sigh she answered.
“I’m out of the hospital for five seconds and already you’re calling me,” Kusan replied in a slightly joking manner. “What is it Chief?”
“You’re out, good,” the man replied gruffly, “On your way to the precinct I hope?”
Kusan scoffed, “I’m heading home first to have a wash and change my clothes. I think I earned that much at least.” 
“You’re right,” the Chief replied, his tone softer, “You did a good job on that last case, saved that woman’s life. Just get here as soon as you can, alright?”
“Aright,” Kusan said tiredly and disconnected the call. 
Placing her phone back into the pocket of her jacket that lay across her lap she absently inspected the stitch work on the repaired sleeve.
“Not bad,” Kusan remarked quietly to herself before looking back out the window. 
The taxi sped effortlessly along the highway at a safe speed of two hundred kilometres an hour and took the next bridge across the river into the Central district. Here the taxi was able to switch its driving style from simply hovering half a meter above the road to full flight mode that allowed it to fly effortlessly between the tall buildings. 
“You hear they’re planning on extending the flight zone into Bayside district?” the cab driver remarked pleasantly. 
“It won’t happen,” Kusan replied simply, as she watched the buildings and other flying cars drift by her window in the haze of the rain. 
“Yeah, why’s that?” the driver asked curiously as he glanced in his rear view mirror to her. 
“Too much disruption in Wynrim,” Kusan shrugged, “The Wynar there are so disorganised that they won’t be doing any construction for some time.”
“That’s a good point,” the driver nodded, “A shame really, using the magnetic barrier in flying saves a bunch on fuel.”
The man chuckled to himself before turning the volume of the radio up so he could hear the latest news more clearly. 
“Ten people were killed last night and over two dozen injured when another bomb went off in the western reaches of the Metropolis district,” Kusan heard the news reporter say with a monotone voice. “Although none have yet to come forwards to claim the action as theirs, a spokesperson from the specialised military branch of Section 1, under the control of Steward Ly’kin of the Wynar, has stated that they believe the bombing to be the work of the rebels. This is the fourth attack by the military separatists this year.” 
“Rebel scum,” the driver remarked angrily, “Can you believe those idiots? They go around blowing people up and have the gal to spread propaganda about how bad the Wynar regime is. Idiots should give it up, if you ask me.” 
“The Wynar regime is a military dictatorship that functions through capitalism,” Kusan replied seriously, “Of course there’s going to be those who fight for independence.” 
“But it’s no good starting a revolution if you don’t have anything to replace the government you overthrow,” the cab driver was quick to say. “Violence begets violence.” 
“That’s philosophical nonsense,” Kusan said evenly, “Nothing ever changed by sitting around and wishing it was different. Only through action will there be a change, and with the Wynar government in disarray it’s a good time for the rebels to start taking some action.” 
“You condone what these bastards are doing then?” asked the driver in surprise, “Killing all these people? Half the time it’s their own people they’re killing.” 
“I don’t condone or support anything,” Kusan was sure to clarify. “But at least these rebel scum are trying to create change.”
“They’re going to create a war,” the driver stated angrily, “Not just here in Me’tra neither, its twice as bad over in the western cities of Mol’tev and Bel’tar’en, so I hear. That’s why the Wynar are pulling their army out of Syn’is in the south.”
“Where did you hear that?” Kusan asked curiously.
“A buddy of mine over in Comm Sec told me such,” the driver replied.
“Comm Sec?” Kusan scoffed, “They just work the phone lines.”
“That’s right,” nodded the cab driver, “He accidently overheard a direct line from Wynar HQ to the Syn’is capitol of Cir’ben. He quickly left when he realised it, but her heard clearly them saying to pull all military out of Syn’is.” 
“That’s interesting, if true,” Kusan remarked thoughtfully.
“I know right?” laughed the driver. 
“You might want to keep that kind of information to yourself though,” Kusan said seriously, “Section 1 could be listening in for all we know.”
“What are you saying?” the man asked with concern. 
“I’m saying that you shouldn’t be surprised if this buddy of yours doesn’t suddenly disappear.” Kusan stated gravely. 
“You don’t think …” the driver began to say, but he voice trailed away as he realised the seriousness off the information. 
The rest of the drive was in relative silence with only the news radio continuing to send out droll, and mostly unpleasant, information. 
“Here we are then,” the cab driver said as he pulled up alongside a large platform that sat between three enormous towers. “The Atlas buildings.”
“Thank you,” Kusan replied as she moved her hand across a scanning pad in the back of the seat.  The machine made a noise and her identification flashed across the screen as she opened the back door and moved onto the humanity terrace. The cab took off and quickly merged into the busy traffic as it flew by as she headed through the rain across the platform towards building two. 
The platform was one of many that sat amid the three towers, all so far above the ground that she could not see the bottom of the buildings even if she tried. 
Taking the elevator inside the tower door she headed up a few dozen levels to her apartments and as she pushed through her door she breathed a sigh of relief. 
The chiming of small bell greeted her as she locked the door and her black cat raced through the apartment to greet her. 
“Hey there Magi,” Kusan cooed as she bent down to scratch the black cat behind the ears. 
Magi purred noisily as he rubbed up against her legs, very happy to see her returned.
“I’ve been gone for a while haven’t I?” she remarked as she moved through her apartment and into her bedroom, “It’s a good thing you companion androids don’t eat, am I right Magi?”
The large black cat followed her through the rooms and jumped onto the bed where it sat down and began to watch her with its large green eyes. Tiredly Kusan pulled off her boots and clothes, leaving them on the floor she headed into the bathroom to shower. 
The hot water felt good on her skin and the soap washed away the smell of the hospital. Unfortunately she could not linger in the shower and reluctantly she dried herself before picking some fresh clothes to wear. 
“Back to sleep I see,” Kusan laughed lightly as she noticed Magi curled up on her bed sound asleep and purring loudly. 
Pulling on her worn leather jacket she scooped up her dirty clothes and tossed them into the laundry shoot to be collected by the maid androids and washed. 
Back in the kitchen she grabbed herself something to eat from the fridge and poured a drink from the automated dispenser. Sipping her hot cup of coffee she flicked through the mail that had begun to pile up on her bench top. Seeing nothing of interest she finished her drink and headed for the door. 
“Don’t wait up for me Magi,” Kusan playfully called out as she left the apartment and locked the door behind her. 
Back on the closest humanity terrace she ordered a cab on her phone and waited at the covered docking station. The rain continued to drizzle causing streams to trickle from the roof and terrace. She did not need to wait long for the taxi and soon she was one her way to the Central district police station. 
Like most cab drivers this one too liked to chat, mainly about the weather and the increase in smog density in the lower reaches of the city. In this driver’s mind it was an indication of global climate change and a prediction that M’Aierth and Nevārance were in for an ice age of massive proportion. 
“If only I could turn off my hearing,” Kusan mumbled quietly to herself as she started out the window. 
“You say something?” the driver asked over her shoulder. 
“No, don’t worry about it,” Kusan dismissed the query, “Just thinking out loud.” 
“Right, well here we are anyway,” the driver stated, “Central police station. Have a nice day, be weary of the smog-”
The driver’s comment was cut off by Kusan shutting the cab door and heading into the police building. 
It seemed a typical day in the station and the security androids barely registered that she had been absent for two days. Kusan thought little of it though and took the elevator up through the building towards the very top where the levels especially for detectives were located. Even here there were few who greeted her and asked how she was, but that was typical, she did not have many friends among her colleges. 
“Kusan, back in one piece I see,” remarked Elyrin, another detective. “It’s good to see that you’re alright.”   
“Thanks Elyrin,” Kusan smiled back at the only detective she would call he friend. 
“Good work on your last case too,” Elyrin added, “No time to chat about it though the Chief wanted to see you as soon as you got here, better not keep him waiting, you know what he can be like.” 
Kusan laughed lightly and nodded before heading through the maze of desks and cubicles where the detectives worked on the cases assigned to them. 
“Hey, it’s Kusan,” another detective called out, “Heard you got your arm ripped off.”
“Again,” added another and she and the other detective laughed between themselves. 
They were just having a bit of fun, Kusan knew that, but it sounded like they were mocking her. As such she did not reply and clenching her jaw she moved swiftly for the Chief’s office. 
Without knocking she pushed through the door to see the Chief calmly sitting behind his desk reading something. 
“Kusan,” the man greeted her as he placed the document on his desk top, “How are you feeling?” 
“Fine,” she shrugged, not expecting such a welcome. 
“How’s the new arm?” the Chief wondered as he stood up and stretched his back.
“Fine,” Kusan replied as she studied the older man closely.
The Chief was entering his later years, with his grey hair beginning to thin on top and deep lines becoming more noticeable across his face. But if rumours were true the Chief had no prosthetic enhancement aside from visual augmentation, a rare thing in his line of work. 
“It’s the latest model I hear,” the chief continued, “Military grade in fact.”
“A shame I didn’t have it the other day,” Kusan remarked flatly, drawing chuckle from the old man. 
“That was good work regardless,” the Chief said honestly as he sat back down, “That man was responsible for half a dozen brutal murders. There would have been seven if you had not stopped him so don’t feel bad about the way it ended. From your report and video footage of the fight it was clearly self-defence on your behalf so no one is upset you happened to kill the bastard.” 
“The guy was crazy,” Kusan added seriously, “Likely a result of bad black market prosthetic surgery.” 
“Most likely,” the Chief nodded, “But you were almost the one in need of a body bag.”
“I had it under control,” Kusan was quick to say. 
“It was luck that saved you,” the Chief stated seriously, “The way things are going, what with prosthetic enhancement now even more readily available, that luck might soon run out. And others might not be as lucky as yourself.” 
Kusan nodded, “I will head over to the smuggling department and see if I can’t find the source of the black market prosthetics.”
“They are already investigating,” the Chief said, “I need you here.”
“Another case already?” she asked curiously. 
“Yes, but this time you won’t be doing it alone,” replied the Chief. 
“I don’t need a partner,” Kusan was quick to argue.
“Evidence to the contrary detective,” the old man said authoritatively. “It has been over three months since your partner was killed in the line of duty, and since then you have been lucky on more than one occasion. You need a new partner.”
“But who?” Kusan asked back irritably, “Elyrin is the only person I get along with in this precinct and she already has a partner.”
“Here you go,” the Chief said and handed her a piece of glass the size of an average sheet of paper. “Have a look through these and make a choice.”
Kusan begrudgingly took the digital tablet and made a quick glance over the list of files that displayed across the glass. 
“You want me to take on some rookie fresh off the street?” Kusan asked sceptically before uploading the files to her personal device. 
“Read their files, go and talk to them, and choose one,” the Chief said seriously, “You’ll be training them.”
“You can’t be serious,” Kusan exclaimed. 
“I am, as a first class detective you have an obligation to train the new third class detectives we bring in,” said the Chief, “Now get going to the crime scene location I just sent to your phone. And make a decision on your new partner by the end of the week, is that understood?”
“Yes Chief,” Kusan sighed heavily before she placed the glass tablet back on the desk and headed from the office. 
Ignoring the glances she received from a group of detectives near the Chief’s office she headed to her own desk and slumped into the uncomfortable chair. The glass computer screen flashed alight and small box appeared on the surface requesting a password to be entered. Taking out her phone Kusan placed it on a glass pad on the desk at the base of the screen for it to remotely synchronise with her computer. 
“I hear you have to get a rookie as a new partner,” remarked one of the other detectives as he came over and casually sat on the edge of her desk. 
“You must have good hearing, Jenth” Kusan replied sarcastically and impatiently looked to her phone to see if it had finished synchronising. 
“You know, detective, I’d be more than happy to partner up with you,” Jenth said with a crooked grin, “If you know what I mean.”
Her phone flashed to indicate the synchronisation had finished and she quickly snatched it up and headed for the elevators. 
“Try not to get the rookies killed,” Jenth called after her, “We’re in short supply of police as it is.” 
Kusan ignored the man as she pressed the button to call an elevator. 
 
Chapter Two

The dull hum of the elevator lulled her mind into a state of dreaming as the lift descended down the many levels to the police garage. This precinct was well over three hundred stories high, not the tallest building in Me’tra by any means, and with the elevators in need of an upgrade it took many minutes for the box-like room to slow down and stop at the garage level. 
The doors of the lift opened with a chime bringing Kusan from her reverie. The dull lights of the garage greeted her as she moved into the large hall where the police vehicles waited silently in the shadows of the building’s concrete supports. 
Straight away she spotted the car she always used sitting beside one of the concrete pillars seeming eager to leave this dark hall. Absently she ran her fingers along the car’s bonnet, the dark green paint work feeling smooth to her touch. Wrapping her finger under the door lever the computer scanned her finger prints and with a click the doors unlocked allowing her to lift up the door and climb in. 
As she sat down in the large seat the dash board lit up with blue lights and the steering wheel slid out to unfold before her. 
“Welcome back detective Kusan,” greeted the on board computer in a feminine voice. “I missed you.”
Kusan smirked at the remark as she pressed the button to start the engine. Beneath the bonnet a low hum sounded and the car levitated off the ground as the magnetic field engaged. 
“Would you like me to drive today?” the computer asked pleasantly. 
“No, thank you Tarna,” Kusan replied as she closed the door and slowly pulled out from the parking lot. 
“Are you sure?” Tarna asked, “I assumed you would be reviewing the recruit files or reading the report on the way to your crime scene.”
The response made Kusan pause, it was unlike an artificial intelligence computer to comment in such a way. 
“Very well, you drive,” Kusan decided and letting go of the steering wheel she rested back in her seat. 
The wheel folded back into the dashboard as Tarna took over control and drove the car up the garage ramp before flying out into the flight paths around the buildings of Central. 
It was still raining outside and as the droplets sprayed across the windscreen and side windows Kusan took out her phone. Flicking it open she turned the device to the side to allow a holographic projection to shine out. The touch pad changed it display to allow for typing and Kusan selected the report from the crime scene she was heading towards. 
The report read:

Location: Beneath the MWC bridge at the mouth of the river. 
Status: a body was found in the early hours of the morning. Request assistance from Central precinct police department.
Assigned: Kusan, Detective first class.

“What kind of report is this?” Kusan wondered as she read the words, “It doesn’t report anything.” 
“I wouldn’t know, detective,” Tarna stated, even though Kusan had not asked the car computer. 
Kusan narrowed her eyes slightly, “When is your next service Tarna?”
“The twenty-eighth of this month,” the car reported.
Kusan nodded slightly and turned her gaze out the rain obscured window. 
“Can I get serviced at your mechanic again detective?” Tarna asked, drawing a surprised look from Kusan as she looked to the dashboard. 
Her brow furrowed as she wondered what had prompted this unusual development in the car’s artificial intelligence. 
“We’ll see,” was all Kusan offered before she pocketed her phone and turned her gaze back out the window. 
There seemed to come a break in the rain and the sunlight even pierced its way through the heavy clouds to send shards of light streaming through the tightly clustered buildings. As the car flew around the corner of an immense skyscraper the island of Wynrim came into Kusan’s eye line, the pyramid shaped Head Quarters and other beautifully crafted buildings sparkling in the sunlight. The wall that surrounded the island glistened in the light and the single bridge from Central to Wynrim was free of traffic. 
Not many aside from the Wynar were permitted to go onto the island paradise where it was said there was no smog layer and everything was kept clean and pristine. Despite there being over three billion people living in Nevārance the Wynar number only a little of two hundred thousand and yet they managed to keep a military dictatorship over the populous. 
“A military dictatorship that operates through capitalism,” Kusan mumbled to herself as she starred at the Wynrim island. 
“It would be wonderful to go flying through the clean skies of Wynrim,” Tarna remarked strangely, “Such a beautiful island paradise.” 
“Looks more like a prison,” Kusan replied, “Take us lower, we should be nearing the MWC bridge soon.” 
Tarna did not reply, but the course of the car changed and began to angle downwards through the levelled flying zones. As they descended further the air became thicker with the haze of smog and soon enough they were flying just above the street level. 
Right below them the paved roads were filled with cars stuck in a traffic jam, the drivers constantly beeping their horns in a futile attempt to create movement. 
Fortunately for her she was a detective and had permission to use the emergency lane several meters above the ground. At this level there were no vehicles to delay her drive and she looked down upon the crowded pavements with boredom. 
“With unemployment increasing the cheap accommodation in this area of town has become flooded with citizens,” Tarna remarked as they drove along. 
“Just focus on driving would you,” Kusan sighed, “Else I will have my mechanic to take a closer look at this strange development in your AI.” 
“The changes came with the latest firmware update detective,” Tarna replied innocently. 
“When was that?”
“Yesterday,” the computer replied, “The updates include a patch to make me seem more personable. Has it worked?”
“Well, it certainly has made you more talkative,” Kusan replied flatly.
“I am glad you like the changes,” Tarna remarked, drawing a quizzical look from Kusan. “ETA to destination is two minutes.”
Kusan did not respond and soon enough they had reached the roads along the side of the river. Tarna guided the car onto the pavement before coming around the corner of a building. Not far ahead Kusan spotted the police barricade across the road where single officer stood with a bored expression on his face. 
Kusan did not need to say anything to Tarna and the computer slowed the car to a halt several maters from the barricade. 
Once again the day grew darker and the rain began to fall once. Mixing with the smog in the air the drops of rain became dirty and made her skin feel grimy and unpleasant. Through the haze of smog and rain the outline of the MWC bridge could be seen looming high overhead as it cross the river from Metropolis to Central, bypassing Wynrim. 
“Detective,” the officer at the barricade greeted her with a dull expression. 
“Report officer, where was the body found?” Kusan asked seriously, “Who found it?”
“An old fisherman found it,” the young officer replied, “But I wouldn’t call it a body really.”
“What do you mean?”
“It’s just a foot,” shrugged the officer.
“A foot?”
“A foot in a shoe,” nodded the young man.
“What else?” Kusan asked as she peered ahead where the road ended. 
“Nothing else really,” the officer shrugged again, “Forensics are about done now.”
“Thanks,” Kusan mumbled as she moved through the blockade and along the road to where it ended at a stony embankment. 
The grimy drizzle of rain made her flick up her collar and button the top of her cloak to prevent the dirty water from trickling down her back. Passing by a few of the forensic scientists carrying equipment back to their car she spotted the forensic lead. 
“Hey there Ratlin,” Kusan greeted pleasantly. 
“Detective Kusan, you look well,” the middle aged man smiled back, “It’s good to see you back in one piece.”
“What have we got here?” Kusan ignored the complement.
“See for yourself,” Ratlin nodded to the severed foot sitting atop a flat stone above the water level. 
“Has it been degraded by the water at all?”
“Somewhat, I’d say it has been submerged for over six hours,” Ratlin nodded, “In truth I’m surprised it was found at all and wasn’t eaten by the sharks or crocodiles in the bay.”
“Was it bitten off by some creature?” Kusan asked as she moved down the rocks to get a better look. 
“Unlikely,” Ratlin replied, “There is evidence to suggest it was surgically removed. Probably with a high powered laser, which I will be able to confirm once we take a closer look back at the lab.” 
 Kusan’s eyes narrowed as her visual augmentation started scanning the shoe and torn sock. The model of shoe was a few years old, yet it seemed to be in very good condition, clearly cleaned regularly. Curiously the sole of the shoe had been hardly worn at all. There were also traces of anti-bacterial resin on the shoe and the socks were of special make that were also bacteria resistant. From the size it also indicated that the foot belonged to a man. 
“Can you do a DNA mapping of the victim once you get back to the lab?” Kusan turned to Ratlin who nodded. 
“Sure,” the forensic scientist said, “Any other specific requests?”
“Not at the moment,” Kusan shook her head and started back up the rocks, “Not much else I can do here.” 
“Detective,” the call from the approaching young officer caught her attention, “There’s someone here who wants to speak to you, says he’s a private investigator.” 
“I’ll be there in a minute,” Kusan said before she nodded towards Ratlin, “Bag the foot up.”
“Copy that,” Ratlin clapped his hands together and grabbed the foot before dropping it into an evidence bag. “I’ll be glad to get out of this rain and smog.” 
Heading back along the road Kusan spotted the private investigator waiting patiently at the barricade. He was a tall man, with black hair and dark eyes, wearing a curious vest of black and faded gold beneath along leather coat which had clearly seen better days. A thin scar marked his right eye and his handsome features showed clearly the marks of someone who spent many sleepless nights working. 
“I’m Kusan, detective first class,” she greeted the man as she stopped before the barricade. 
“Vhindr Varrintine,” the man replied sternly and gave her a subtle nod.
“A private investigator, yeah? Got any ID?” Kusan continued to regard the man suspiciously. 
Vhindr nodded and took out his wallet from his coat pocket before unfolding it and holding it for Kusan to inspect. 
“Looks legit,” Kusan said as he visual augmentation confirmed the authenticity of the investigator’s licence, “Alright, what do you want here?”
“I’m working a missing person’s case and would like to examine the foot,” Vhindr stated seriously.  
“What foot?” Kusan raised an eyebrow.
“Your young officer here told me about it already,” Vhindr said and indicated to the officer a few meters away. 
“I see,” Kusan frowned at the officer before turning her attention back to the investigator. “So why are you here then?  What do you think you can get from a severed foot?”
“Many things,” Vhindr stated and the man’s scarred eye glistened with a flash of feint colour. 
Kusan narrowed her eyes curiously.
“Regulation states I can’t let you,” Kusan looked over to where Ratlin and the other forensic scientists were packing up their van. 
“Give me one minute,” Vhindr insisted, drawing Kusan’s eye back to his, “I won’t even take it out of the bag.” 
The rain fell heavier as Kusan contemplated letting the private investigator have a brief look at the evidence. The bag of van doors pushed her to make a decision on the matter.
“Fine.” Kusan decided, “One minute.”
“Thank you.” Vhindr replied, a look of relief coming to his face.
“Hey, Ratlin,” Kusan called out to the man just as he was about to climb into the vehicle. “Could you bring the foot over here of second? We might get an ID on him.”  
Ratin gave her a curious look, but complied with her request and grabbing the see-through evidence bag he brought it over. 
“Does this private investigator think he can identify whose foot this is?” Ratlin asked, his scepticism obvious. 
“Claims to,” Kusan shrugged and Ratlin handed the bag to Vhindr.
The private investigator took it eagerly and held it up before his eyes, carefully turning it over and peering closer for a better look.
Watching the man closely Kusan noticed the glimmer of colours in the depth of Vhindr’s scarred eye. 
“Thank you,” Vhindr said, breaking her concentration, and he handed back the evidence bag to Ratlin. 
“Well?” the forensic scientist asked curiously, “You know who this guy was?”
“It most likely belongs to my missing person case,” Vhindr said confidently. “He is a lower class Wynar by the name of Tar’ren.”
With that the man turned to leave, but a call from Kusan stopped him walking.
“Hold it,” Kusan demanded, “Care to elaborate?” 
“Only if you agree to a joint investigation,” Vhindr replied over his shoulder. 
“Regulation doesn’t allow for such partnerships,” Kusan stated, drawing a shrug from the man.
“Best of luck on your investigation then,” Vhindr said and moved to walk off again.
“You know I could just arrest you from obstructing the course of a police investigation,” Kusan said seriously, stopping Vhindr’s stride again. 
“I doubt that will stick,” Vhindr replied simply, “Is that what you are going to do?” 
“No,” Kusan decided, “You can go.”
“Good bye detective Kusan,” Vhindr said before walking off down the road, his form slowly disappearing into the smog and haze of rain. 
“Why didn’t you arrest him?” Ratlin asked curiously.
“Because he would have been out within a day and would have told us nothing,” Kusan replied and headed towards her car.
“Then why not create a joint investigation?” Ratlin wondered as he walked beside her, “Such partnerships are allowed in certain circumstances, and the Chief would have likely approved it.” 
“I don’t need the help of some private investigator,” Kusan said a bit harshly, “We have a name of our victim and that’s all I need.”
“You believe him then?”
“I do,” Kusan paused at the side of her car and looked again to where Vhindr had disappeared down the road. “Strange as that sounds. Besides a DNA map will confirm it, so make that a priority when you get to the lab, okay?”
“Of course,” Ratlin nodded, “I’ll talk to you later.”
With that the man jogged back through the rain to his van, leaving Kusan to continue to gaze thoughtfully along the road. A trickle of cold and dirty rain found its way under her collar and ran down her spine making her shiver, and pulling her from her thoughts. The rain started coming down even heavier now and Kusan sat down in her car and closed the door. The rain pounded on the roof as she watched the forensic van take to the sky. 
Taking out her phone Kusan flipped it on the side to allow the holographic screen to light up. Using the police search she typed in the name Vhindr Varrintine. The search was completed in a matter of seconds and Kusan’s brow furrowed as she looked at the results.
“No matches found?” Kusan wondered aloud, reading the text on the screen. 
Trying again she searched for the just the private investigator’s first name and then last name, but still no matches could be found. 
“Tarna, take me back to the precinct,” Kusan said as she looked out the window and tapped her lips thoughtfully. 
“Copy that,” the car’s computer replied and instantly the engine started and the car flew off from the crime scene, leaving the young officer to continue to pack up the barricade in the pouring rain. 
Not giving up on her search Kusan tried a different tactic and began searching for private investigators in Me’tra. Hundreds of results came up on her screen and she sighed irritably. But she was not about to give up that easily and continued to narrow down her search by using a combination of Vhindr Varrintine’s name and private investigators. 
“Varrintine Investigations,” Kusan read with a slight smile as she opened up a link, “Found you. Not so legit after all.” 
Chapter Three

“I wonder if this number is real,” Kusan remarked as she continued to look at the Varrintine Investigations page. 
Copying the number into her secure police search engine she waited patiently for the results to appear. 
“Looks like it is,” Kusan mumbled to herself in surprise as she read the details, “Tarna the Mid-town buildings are mainly for rented office spaces, right?”
“Yes, they are,” the car’s computer replied, “They have the lowest monthly rent in Central and offer office spaces ranging from single rooms to extensive layouts. Shall I set a course for the Mid-town buildings?”
“Good guess,” Kusan replied.
“It was no guess, detective,” Tarna said cheerfully, “But sound deductions from knowing you.”
Kusan’s brow creased at Tarna’s remark, but she tried to move it from her mind as she continued to ponder the case at hand. 
The rain continued to fall heavily blurring the view out of the windscreen and making everything appear dream-like. She could have activated the wipers to push aside the water, but she did not feel the need as she was not the one driving. Besides, with the steady drum of the deluge on the roof and windows, and the dim light, it allowed her to turn her thoughts inwards, almost going into a meditative state. 
The ring of her phone caused her to jump in surprise and rub her eyes as she answered the call. 
“Checking up on me already Chief?” Kusan asked.
“Have you looked at the recruit files yet?” the man barked back at her. 
“Haven’t had the chance,” Kusan replied irritably, “Is that seriously what you called me about?”
“No, I was just speaking to Ratlin from the lab,” the Chief said, “Said this case just hot a lot more interesting and a private investigator showed up.”
“That’s right,” Kusan replied, “You’re taking a great interest in this case Chief.”
“It’s not every day a severed foot shows up,” the man snickered, “And if Ratlin’s DNA mapping shows that the victim was indeed a Wynar, than things could get ugly.” 
“Maybe,” Kusan replied flatly.
“What you don’t think this Varrintine fellow is right?”
“I don’t know,” said Kusan honestly, “And if he isn’t than he must be involved in the murder.”
“Reckon he came to the scene to gloat over his work?”
“I’m not sure,” Kusan shrugged, “The DNA map will confirm it one way or another. In the meantime I’m trying to track down this Vhindr Varrintine.”
“Need a warrant issued?”
“Not yet.”
“Alright, keep me informed,” the Chief said and ended the call. 
Kusan closed her phone and dropped it back into her pocket before looking out the window again. 
Rivers of accumulated water droplets snaked across the glass merging together before breaking apart again. The simple streams caught her attention, making her think about the case she was currently pursuing. 
“It will about fifteen minutes until we arrive at the Mid-town buildings,” Tarna remarked, breaking Kusan’s train of thought. “Plenty of time to look over those recruits files.”
Kusan narrowed her eyes as she looked to the screen in the middle of the dashboard, which was also the manual interface into the car’s computer.
“I didn’t think the Chief could access your server so easily Tarna?” Kusan remarked suspiciously. 
“My server can only be accessed manually through this car’s interface,” Tarna replied hesitantly. 
“Curious,” mumbled Kusan. “Why do you think I should have a look through the files Tarna?”
“Well,” the computer stammered, “I thought that if you have a new partner you wouldn’t have to go to hospital for repairs and I wouldn’t have to be driven around by detective Jenth.” 
A genuine laugh burst forth from Kusan and she shook her head in bemusement. 
“Is Jenth that bad of a driver?” asked Kusan light-heartedly.
“Yes,” Tarna replied, “He also likes to eat burgers and leaving the wrapping around.” 
Kusan laughed again, “I really need to have a talk to your mechanic.” 
“Is something wrong with me?” wondered Tarna. 
“I hope not,” said Kusan honestly. 
“I hope so too.” 
Tarna’s remark intrigued Kusan as well, but she decided to leave the curious developments in the car’s artificial intelligence for another day for they were almost at the Mid-town buildings. 
As they arrived that the large structure covered with mirrored glass Tarna steered the car downwards through the traffic levels and into the building’s middle level garage. Being a rather popular office renting building the car park was nearly full and it took several minutes of driving around the dim, and dank, parking lot until Tarna found a spot in the corner beneath a faulty light. 
The white ceiling light flickered annoyingly as Kusan closed the car door and headed off towards the lifts. With each step her boots sent echoes throughout the still garage to join the sound of a distant drip of water and the distant drum of rain outside. Shadows lingered behind the pillars and a constant smell of damp assaulted her senses. To Kusan’s enhanced hearing she could pick up the sound of even the slightest noise, but here there was virtually nothing. 
Stopping at the elevator she pressed the button to call the lift and glanced over her shoulder. Her brow creased slightly as her eyes looked about the dim parking lot. A strange feeling crept into the back of her mind and as the doors to the elevators opened with a chime she cautiously stepped inside. 
Pressing the button for one of the lower floors where Varrintine Investigations was located she continued to glance about the garage until the doors closed. 
As the lift began its swift descent her phone rang. 
“Yes?” Kusan answered.
“It’s Ratlin,” the man on the other end of the line said, “I’ve finished the DNA map.”
“And?”
“You’re not going to like it.”
“The victim was a Wynar?”
“Yes,” Ratlin replied seriously, “Lower class, just as the private investigator said.” 
“What was the blood percentage?” Kusan asked.
“He was only fifty-one percent Wynar,” Ratlin replied.
“I see,” Kusan said thoughtfully, “The bear minimum to be considered a Wynar.”
“I’m surprised the victim was even allowed to stay in Wynrim,” Ratlin remarked with a sigh. 
“You’ve told the Chief?”
“Yep. Looks like this case just got a whole lot more complicated,” remarked the forensic scientist. “But how’d that Varrintine guy know?” 
“That’s what I intend to find out,” Kusan said determinedly and hung up the phone. 
Resting back against the wall of the lift Kusan crossed her arms before her as she waited for the trip down to end. It was not a long wait and the doors opened into a carpeted hallway. With a quick glance at the direction board directly opposite the lift she headed off down the corridor in search of office 325. After several turns she came to the end of the passageway where a large glass window looked out into the city. Through the layer of smog the city buildings looked brown and dirty despite the fall of rain. 
It was right beside the window where she saw the door to office suite 325. Trying the handle she found it was locked, but without much thought to the matter she took out a special, police issued, card from a small pack on her belt. Holding the plastic card against the sensor the lock made a soft beep before the door swung inwards.
Slowly Kusan entered the room, not sure what she could expect. It was not very large with only two desks and several chairs. The first desk was clearly positioned for a receptionist facing the doorway, but no one was sitting there. Further into the room beside the windows was another desk, this one likely used by Vhindr Varrintine when talking with clients.
Opposite the window was a single door that stood open and led into a small kitchen and bathroom, and from there a young woman calmly walked out to meet Kusan.
“I am sorry, but I must ask you to leave,” the woman said in a pleasant tone, “The office is currently closed.”
“I am Kusan, first class detective,” Kusan said officially and held up her identification so the woman could see. “You’re a receptionist android?”
“I am a third generation office assistant, you may call me Myrie,” the young woman replied. “Do you have an appointment with master Varrintine?”  
“Where is he?” Kusan asked seriously. 
The android hesitated, “I am sorry, but do you have an appointment with master Varrintine? If not, I will have to ask you to leave.”
“Did you not hear me?” Kusan asked irritably, “I am a first class detective.”
“I am sorry detective, but do you have a warrant to search these premises?” Myrie asked pleasantly.  
With an annoyed sigh Kusan took another item from her belt and quickly clasped it onto the android’s face, covering Myrie’s eyes and latching into her ears. Immediately the android collapsed and Kusan guided her to the ground before taking out her phone and connecting it to the device on Myrie’s face via a retractable cable. 
“Alright, let’s see what you’re hiding master Varrintine,” Kusan said quietly as she began searching through the android’s data. 
Using the key pad Kusan hacked through the security barriers of the android’s mind in hope that she could find some information. 
Sparks suddenly flew from the android’s head, jumping out at Kusan and making her fall back in surprise. The cable from the facial device to her phone was forcefully ejected and snapped back into its place. 
“Damn it,” Kusan mumbled as she looked at the smoke wafting up from the android.
A trickle of white syrup flowed from Myrie’s lips and as Kusan took the device off the androids face she saw the same liquid flowing out from her eyes and ears. 
“Damn it,” Kusan said again, “Security barriers fried her brain.” 
With a sigh Kusan folded up the facial device and returned it to a pack on her belt before looking about the office. There were no computers or files about the area, and even the kitchen and bathroom were meticulously clean, so Kusan left the office. 
Locking the door behind her she headed back to the elevator and wondered what she should do next. Before she realised she was back in the dim garage and walking towards her parked car. As she came around a corner and looked to her car Kusan stopped walking as she saw Vhindr Varrintine calmly sitting on the bonnet and waiting for her. 
Cautiously Kusan glanced around at the shadows of the garage before she slowly approached, her hand close to the weapons on her belt.   
“Detective Kusan,” Vhindr greeted her when she stopped several paces away. “I thought you did not want a joint investigation.” 
“What do you want?” Kusan demanded.
“I was about to ask you that,” Vhindr replied flatly, “You came looking for me, right? I hope you were not too hard on my secretary.” 
“Your own security programs fried her brain,” Kusan stated.
“You tried to download her data without a warrant?” Vhindr asked in surprise. 
“It was a police download,” Kusan replied evenly, “Where did you get the program that prevented it?” 
Vhindr smirked slightly and stood up before moving to leave, “Good bye detective.”
“I could arrest you,” Kusan said seriously, making Vhindr stop walking.
“And I could file a lawsuit for you breaking into my office and frying the brain of my secretary,” Vhindr replied evenly.
“You do realise that at this moment you are the number one suspect for this murder?” Kusan snapped. 
“Surely you are smarter than that,” Vhindr said, “Do we even know it’s a murder? Tar’ren could have just had his foot cut off for all we know.”
“Surely you’re smarter than that,” Kusan echoed Vhindr’s words, drawing a smile from the man. 
“You are right,” Vhindr agreed, “It is likely Tar’ren is dead, but do you really believe I killed him, chopped him up into little pieces, dumped him in the river, and then came by the crime scene to gloat over my work?”
Kusan narrowed her eyes at the man before she let out a sigh, “No. But I want some answer.” 
“Of course,” Vhindr nodded, “First agree to the joint investigation.” 
“Why do you care about this case?” Kusan was quick to ask, “Most private investigators would be happy to offload a murder case.”
“I am not most private investigators,” Vhindr stated simply.
Kusan clenched her jaw irritably as she and Vhindr continued to exchange intense stares. 
“Fine,” decided Kusan and took out her phone.
Using it like a small personal computer again she quickly typed and used the holographic projection to submit a form of joint investigation.
“There,” Kusan said as she finished and snapped her phone back into her pocket, “Now start talking, or do you want to wait until the application is approved.” 
As she spoke Vhindr took out his own phone as it started to chime and slowly looked through the notification he had received about a joint investigation with the Central Police Precinct. 
Vhindr nodded slowly as he read the form, “Alright. But I will wait until its approved before sharing information. In the meantime, how about we head to Tar’ren’s apartment?”
“You never went there before?” Kusan asked curiously.
“The Wynar would not let me on the island,” Vhindr replied, “But now it is considered a murder they might.” 
“They will,” Kusan said confidently, “You want to drive?”
“What?” Vhindr replied awkwardly, “No, I don’t have a vehicle.”
“Really?” Kusan raised an eyebrow, “Then what? You take public transport all the time?”
“Yes,” replied Vhindr, “It’s not all that bad.”
Kusan scoffed and walked over to the driver side door of her car, “I suppose you can come with me, so long as you’re neat, Tarna hates people who leave dirt and rubbish in the car.” 
“Tarna?” Vhindr asked curiously as he walked around to the passenger side, “The car AI?”
“Yep,” Kusan said as she opened the door.
Before she could get in her phone started ringing.
“One moment,” Kusan said to Vhindr before answering the call, “Chief?”
“What’s this joint investigation application with I am seeing?” the man demanded, “I thought Vhindr Varrintine was a suspect?” 
“Not anymore,” Kusan replied, “Vhindr had been investigating a missing person’s case involving the victim Tar’ren. When you approve the application he is willing to share all his findings so far.” 
“He wanted this joint investigation from the start, didn’t he?” the Chief asked.
“Yes.” 
The Chief was silent for a few seconds, “Alright, it’s approved. But keep a close on this Varrintine character, I’m not convinced he’s not involved somehow.”
“Neither am I,” Kusan agreed and she hung up the phone. 
Climbing into her car she closed the door and turned to Vhindr who was looking on his phone. 
“The joint investigation has been approved,” Kusan stated. 
“I’m just reading that,” Vhindr nodded. 
“Here,” Kusan said as she handed her phone to Vhindr, “Sync me the information you have gathered. All of it.” 
“Certainly,” Vhindr smiled slightly.
“Tarna take us to Wynrim,” Kusan said to the car.
Instantly the light on the dashboard lit up and the engine started.
“Welcome Vhindr Varrintine, my name is Tarna,” the car’s artificial intelligence said pleasantly as she drove the car through the garage. “Are you going to be Kusan’s new partner?”
“Hello there,” Vhindr replied with some surprise, “No, I’m sorry to say we are just working together for the time being.” 
“What’s the address in Wynrim, Vhindr?” Kusan asked seriously. 
Vhindr hesitantly looked up from the phone he was synchronising, “I have no idea.” 
“What?” demanded Kusan.
“The Wynar never let me onto the island,” Vhindr stated, drawing a sigh from Kusan. 
“Just to Wynrim than Tarna,” Kusan said and looked out the window. 
“Of course,” Tarna said cheerfully, “Buckle up please.” 
Outside the rain had subsided and the light of the sun was peering through the heavy clouds making the buildings shine brightly. Tarna took the high traffic level that flew about the tops of some of the highest buildings which afforded some amazing views across the city. In the distance Kusan watched and the rain fall over Metropolis, and lit up by the light it looked as a sheet of dark blue falling from the sky and before it hovered a beautiful rainbow of dazzling colours. 
“Here,” Vhindr said, handing back her phone and breaking her train of thought. 
“Done already?” Kusan asked with surprise as she opened her phone to look at the files. 
“I confess, I have little information regarding this case,” Vhindr said as he turned his eyes towards the rainbow in the distance. “The Wynar’s strict policy of not allowing people into Wynrim had all but halted my investigations.” 
“That’s why you wanted the joint investigation,” Kusan said irritably and turned an annoyed eye to the man. “Finding Tar’ren’s foot down by the river must have made you happy.”
Vhindr gave her a perplexed look.
“This file has hardly anything,” Kusan stated angrily, “Give me one good reason why I should not terminate the joint investigation agreement.” 
“Because I want to catch the person behind this crime as much as you do,” Vhindr stated firmly, his eyes intense. 
Kusan turned back to the road before them and let out a deep breath. 
“Alright,” she said softly before turning to Vhindr, “But I’ll terminate this agreement at any time I want, understood?”
Vhindr nodded and did not reply. 

Chapter Four

“You’re not from Kor’vir, are you Vhindr?” Kusan spoke up.
“Why do you say that?” Vhindr asked in reply, not taking his eyes from the views out the window of the car.
“The fact you have two names is kind of a giveaway,” Kusan was quick to say. “Are you from Syn’is in the south? One of the island republics? Where are you from?” 
Vhindr turned a blank expression towards her, “Not Kor’vir.” He said simply before looking back out the window.
“You’re a refugee?”
“Look, detective,” Vhindr said with a sigh as he looked to her again, “I appreciate you making an effort to get to know me on a personal level, but how about we just focus on the case.”
“That’s what I’m doing,” Kusan replied evenly, drawing a smirk from Vhindr.
“Still suspicious of me I see,” Vhindr chuckled to himself, “Don’t worry I can see why you would be, and I guess nothing I say will change that fact. But if you want to know where I’m from and the rest of my life story you will just have to arrest me and ask those questions during an interrogation with my solicitor present. And we both know that is not going to happen.” 
Kusan did not reply as she continued to eye Vhindr suspiciously. 
A light ringing sounded out then and Kusan slowly answered her phone. 
“Ratlin, tell me you have confirmed the ID of our victim,” Kusan said as she looked out the front of the car and to the island of Wynrim that could be seen in the distance. 
“It’s Tar’ren, just like the private investigator said,” Ratlin replied seriously, “But I’ve got worse news.”
“Great,” Kusan mumbled and rubbed her brow.
“I had to go through official channels to confirm the victim’s identification,” Ratlin explained, “So the Wynar now know everything we do.”
“Have they sent notification that they’re taking over the investigation?” Kusan wondered. 
“Nothing official yet,” replied the forensic scientist. “But I’d expect to hear something soon.” 
“Yeah,” Kusan agreed despondently and hung up her phone. 
Kusan put her phone back in her pocket looked out the window thoughtfully. More rain seemed to be on the way and the sunlight that had appeared was all but gone now. She could see a larger front of dark clouds could be seen rolling slowly down from the north-west, flickers of lightning darting through the large storm heads. 
“It was Tar’ren then?” Vhindr asked curiously, pulling her attention from the storm. 
“Yes,” Kusan nodded, “And it looks like the Wynar are about to take control of this investigation.” 
“Are we still going to Wynrim?”
“Yes,” Kusan replied, “Tarna, pick up the pace, use the sirens if you have to. Hopefully we might get a look at Tar’ran’s apartment before the Wynar block us out.”  
“Roger that,” Tarna replied and immediately the sirens of the car sounded out and the police lights began to flash as she increased speed. 
The other vehicles on the road quickly moved out of the way, allowing them virtually free run as they dropped down a few levels. The bridge to Wynrim drew closer as it reached out from the island towards Central before stopping just before it crossed the river.
As Tarna drove onto the bridge the flashing lights and sirens stopped and she slowed down. Peering along the bridge Kusan spotted the manned guard post at the other end of the bridge and noticed a few cars were passing through the checkpoint as they approached. The driver’s showed their identification cards to the guards who scanned them before allowing those permitted to continue onto Wynrim. 
“What do you mean?” the driver ahead of them demanded, grabbing her attention. 
The man was leaning out of his window as he spoke irritably with the guards. “I’ve been flying my taxi on Wynrim for over five years,” the man stated, “Why is my permit cancelled?”
“Keep your voice down,” the Wynar guard snapped back, “I don’t care how long you’ve been working on Wynrim, your licence do so has been cancelled. Now get out of here before I get angry.”
“This is completely unfair,” the driver complained, “I’m one of the best drivers in Wynrim, always getting top reviews I am. Who cancelled my licence?”
“How should I know?” the guard growled back, “It’s been cancelled, that’s final. Now beat it before I beat you.” 
The taxi driver stopped arguing then, but he continued to grumble as he slumped back into his seat and headed back down the bridge into Central. Not thinking much of the exchange Kusan took her identification from her pocket and pressed the button that wound down the window.
“Licence,” the guard said as Tarna stopped the car beside the man. 
Without a greeting Kusan showed the Wynar her detectives badge which the man regarded with curiosity. 
“What business do you have on Wynrim detective?” the guard asked curiously. 
“We’re investigating the murder of one of your own, Tar’ren,” Kusan replied calmly, “You have a duty to let us through.” 
“One moment,” the guard said hesitantly before he stepped away from the car and called someone on his phone.
Kusan sighed as she watched the guard have a serious conversation with whoever was on the other end of the call, several times the man glanced back to her, his eyes suspicious. 
“Doesn’t look good,” remarked Kusan despondently. 
“They’re not going to let us through,” Vhindr agreed in a similar tone. 
“Do you want me to bust through the guard post and race into Wynrim?” Tarna asked excitedly, causing Kusan to frown at the computer. 
“No,” Kusan said seriously, “Why would you suggest that?”
“They do it all the time in shows and movies,” Tarna explained. 
“Why would you be looking at movies?” Kusan inquired. 
“When getting serviced at your mechanic he links me with social media to bide my time with,” Tarna replied as if it were such a simple thing.
Kusan did not have a chance to reply for the guard returned to the side of the car than. 
“Sorry detective, you’ve been denied access to Wynrim,” the guard stated simple.
“This is a murder investigation,” Kusan replied evenly.
“And it’s one that has been taken over by the Wynar department,” the guard interrupted authoritatively. “Be sure that this case will now reach a speedy conclusion, you may leave now.” 
“Whatever,” Kusan grumbled, “Let’s go, Tarna.”
As Kusan wound the window back up with the press of a button they took off and did a quick turn before heading back along the bridge to Central. 
“Looks like that’s the end of that case,” Kusan let out a deep breath and ran her hands through her hair.
“And the end of our joint investigation,” Vhindr said flatly, “Feel free to drop me off anywhere.” 
“Tarna, take us back to the Mid-town buildings,” Kusan said, “Is that where you parked Vhindr?”
“No, I don’t drive,” Vhindr replied simply, “Drop me off anywhere, I’ll take a taxi.”
Kusan gave Vhindr a curious look, “The Ebix building shopping complex is not far, how about there?”
“Sure,” shrugged Vhindr as he continued to stare out the window. 
“Tarna.”
“You got it,” the car’s computer replied enthusiastically. 
The rain had started to fall again and she heard the distinct rumbles of thunder above the sounds of the traffic. Lightning of red hue snaked through the clouds above them and lashed out at a tall building beside the car, making Kusan flinch. 
“Strange that the Wynar were so quick to take this case off our hands,” Kusan remarked thoughtfully. 
“They don’t usually?” Vhindr inquired. 
“Not really,” Kusan replied as she turned to Vhindr, “In my experience they have let other detectives take over murder cases fairly readily, as if they don’t have time for such petty troubles. Tar’ren must have been more important than we thought. Do you know what he worked in?”
“HQ labs as an assistant,” Vhindr replied, his expression also ponderous. 
“Who’d you say contacted you about him being missing?”
“Anonymous,” Vhindr shrugged, “One day I opened my electronic mail to find a request along with some information regarding him, his appearance, how long he had been missing, and a brief statement of his occupation. I thought it strange that I was being contacted and not the Wynar investigation department, but I accepted the contract regardless.” 
“How were you to be paid?” Kusan wondered.
“I was paid in advance, ten thousand credits,” Vhindr replied. “The money was sent directly into my account through an encrypted transfer the moment I accepted. You have this information in the file I synchronised with your phone.” 
“Yeah,” Kusan mumbled as she continued to think about the case. 
The rain pattered heavily against the window as Kusan looked back out to the dim afternoon. Her eyes fell upon on large billboard floating at the side of a building which warned of a thunderstorm and told motorists to be wary of lightning strikes. More bright neon billboards lining the towers and floating as holograms passed by her window and became more common the closer they got to the main consumer destination in Central. 
“Here we are,” Tarna said as the car pulled alongside a humanity terrace that led into the Ebix building shopping complex. 
“Thank you,” Vhindr said as he climbed out of the car and onto the terrace that protected from the heavy rain. 
Without another word Vhindr closed the door and walked off into the centre with Kusan watching him disappear into the crowd. For a many minutes she sat there, staring at the spot Vhindr disappeared as she lightly biting the nail of her thumb, pondering the events of the day. 
“Shall we do some shopping while we are here?” Tarna spoke up, grabbing Kusan’s attention.
“No, back to the precinct Tarna,” Kusan replied turning her gaze from the crowd of people. 
*			*			  *
As Vhindr headed into the shopping complex he glanced back over his shoulder to where he left detective Kusan in her car, but the crowd of people had already engulfed him and he could no longer see her. 
Slowly walking through the covered humanity terrace he absently gazed at the hundreds of shops lined the area and bright advertisements flashed incessantly all around. There were hundreds of floors to this complex with dozens of elevators constantly going up and down, taking customers to specific levels were certain stores were located. Light music played continuously all around him, only being interrupted by the noise of advertisement boards, but all of it drowned in a loud hum of the clamour as he kept his thoughts inwards. 
“Is there no peace in this world?” Vhindr wondered quietly. “So different from home.” 
Vhindr looked down to his hand, and summoning forth the magics of the Fog, he watched the multi-coloured wisps dance around his fingers and across his palm. The sight relaxed his nerves and his breathing seemed to come easier, as if the oppressive nature of Me’tra was lifted from him, if only for a moment.
The voice of a news update caught his attention above the incessant din and he turned his eyes to a hologram that hovered above the heads of all the shoppers.
“A massive Fog storm has disrupted motorists travelling between Mol’tev and Bel’tar’en,” Vhindr listened to what the attractive news reported had to say, “Reports claim that it was the biggest storm in recent years and the top Wynar scientist claim that they will only get bigger. In other news there have been an increasing number of monster attacks on the road between Mendōre and Malenbar, beast control has been dispatched to the region but any who are travelling between the minor cities are urged to be cautious.”
The news reporter continued to tell people the latest developments, but Vhindr turned away and continued through the shopping complex. The weight of the city seemed to crash down around him and again his breathing felt stiff, as did his muscles.
“Myrie,” Vhindr mumbled all of a sudden and he abruptly changed his course and headed for the lifts that would take him to different levels of the centre. 
Stopping at the end of a short line in front of the elevators Vhindr sighed heavily, and subtly shook his head in dismay. However the wait was not long and shortly he was travelling upwards in the tightly packed elevator.  Several stops later he weaved his way through the crowd and onto the floor that was devoted solely to android companions. 
As he walked through the department looking at the rows of full body manikins of androids his mind drifted back to the case of Tar’ren’s murder. The case had been taken over by the Wynar investigation department but he could not simply push the case from his mind. 
“There has to be a way to trace that email and money transfer,” Vhindr mumbled to himself as he started down the row of female secretarial androids. “Perhaps I should call in that favour with Lauf.”
Vhindr stopped before the most basic model of secretaries and studied the unsettlingly similar features of his previous assistant, the androids dead eyes stared straight through him, a slight smile on her face as she stood inanimately in a glass box. 
“Can I help you sir?” a service android asked politely as it came alongside Vhindr. “Looking for a secretary for your business?”
“Yes,” Vhindr replied and pointed to the displayed android before him, “I will take a single unit of this Myrie edition.”
“Are you sure that’s the model you want sir?” the android asked curiously, “The latest model has just hit the market, the Alice, and she is perfect in every way. Or maybe you would like the latest Scarlet model to keep you company on those long nights at the office, if you know what I mean.”
The salesman android chuckled disturbingly and gave him a wink.
“No,” Vhindr said sternly, “I want this model. Initiate the transaction.” 
“Certainly sir,” the android replied and took out a glass tablet from its pocket, “Just fill out your details here and swipe your card. Will you be taking her now or would like us to ship her to an address for you?”
“Deliver her to the address I am providing,” Vhindr replied as he began filling out the purchase form on the glass tablet. 
“Would you like any extra features?” the sales-bot asked.
“No,” Vhindr spoke up before the android could start rambling away about the almost endless extras one could purchase. 
With a scan of his identification the sale was complete and Vhindr took his leave.
“Have a nice day sir,” the android called after him, but to Vhindr his calls were muffled by the other vacant sounds of the shopping centre. 
*			  *			*
Kusan breathed a sigh of relief as she pushed her way into her apartment. The hour was late and the place was dark and quiet, as if absent of life. Flashes of lightning through her large window lit up the apartment briefly and was followed by rumbles of thunder, though she hardly noticed it and yawned wide as she locked the door behind her.
She knew the layout of her apartment well and without the need for some light she made her way into her room. As she entered Kusan tapped the wall inside the door and the lanterns on either side of her bed light up with a soft glow. 
“Right where I left you,” Kusan mused as she noticed Magi asleep at the end of her bed.
Chuckling to herself Kusan pulled off her clothes and dropped them on the floor before heading into the bathroom. Pouring a hot bath for herself Kusan lingered in the large tub for many minutes, letting the hot water and steam release the tension of the day. As the water began to cool she emptied the bathtub and dried herself as she moved back into the bedroom.
“Lights off,” Kusan said as she dropped her towel to the floor and collapsed onto her bed.
The night suddenly caved in around her as she lay staring at the ceiling, though her eyes saw nothing. The cat stirred then and came over to her, its purrs sounding loud in the stillness of the night. 
“Hey there little Magi,” Kusan cooed as the cat flopped down next to her and she began to scratch it under the chin. 
Flashes of lighting intermittently lit up her dark room as she continued to star at the ceiling. With no other noises to be heard Kusan’s ears picked up the relaxing patter against her large window. The night was so still, so peaceful at this time, if she did not look out the window at the hundreds of tall buildings lighting up the night she could almost believe she was in the middle of a grassy plain with nothing but the sky around her. 
“Close blinds,” Kusan said into the night and the view across the city faded as the window turned opaque. 
Closing her eyes Kusan thought again to the wide open plain of green grass and hoped she would drift off to sleep. But the beautiful image in her mind was replaced by a severed foot and she opened her eyes again. 
“Why would the Wynar take this case so quickly?” Kusan wondered aloud, “They didn’t want it when it was a missing persons case, so why now? How does a murder change it? What do you think Magi?”
She looked to her cat who stared up at her as if it understood, its bright green eyes glowing faintly in the darkness. 
“The Chief told me to drop my investigations,” Kusan continued to talk to the android cat. “But something doesn’t feel right to me. When it was a missing person case they really didn’t need to do anything, but now that it is a murder there is no doubt more pressure to solve it. Why did they not care when this guy went missing? Surely they look out for their own in Wynrim. Although, he was only fifty-one percent Wynar, but I doubt many people would have known that. Did no one care about this guy? Did he live alone with no friends to care if he was gone?”
She let out a sigh and closed her eyes again, hoping some sleep would come this time, but it did not. 
“But someone did care,” Kusan said, her eyes popping open, “Someone reached out to Varrintine Investigation, but who?”
Kusan rolled over in her bed and crawled to the edge to lean over and grab her phone out of the pocket of her jacket. Sitting up she opened the phone and began sifting through the information Vhindr had synchronised to her pertaining to Tar’ren. The light from the holographic projection lit up her face and body in a dim green glow, the sudden brightness causing her to squint and blink painfully.
“That is a tight encryption Magi,” Kusan remarked to her cat as she looked at the data relating to the wireless transfer into Vhindr’s account. “Perhaps I should get some professional help with it? No, I need to forget this case. Damn it.”
With a deep breath she closed her phone and dropped it to the floor before falling back on her bed and closing her eyes in hope of finding some sleep. But little of it came. 

Chapter Five

An incessant beeping startled Kusan from her sleep and she forced her heavy eyes open. Her room was dark, but with each loud tone the dim was lit up by a blueish glow from beside her bed. 
With a groan she rolled herself over to the edge of the bed and swung an arm down to grab her phone. The phone called out again and lit up brightly making her eyes hurt as she rolled onto her back and answered the call.
“Do you ever sleep Chief?” Kusan grumbled. 
“I’ll sleep when I’m dead,” the Chief replied gruffly. 
“You might as well go full cyborg than,” Kusan replied and yawned.
“No time for jokes detective,” the Chief replied seriously, “Another foot was found in The Scholls along the bay.”
“Really?” Kusan said suddenly and she sat up in her bed, causing Magi to wake up and give her an unhappy look. “Is it Tar’ren’s other foot?”
“Don’t know,” the Chief said, “Just got word of the discovery myself.”
“Do the Wynar know yet?”
“Doubt it,” the man replied, “But you better get down there quick in case they do.”
“I’m on it. Send the details to my phone,” Kusan said before she snapped her phone shut and jumped out of her bed.
Quickly she grabbed some clothes from her wardrobes and pulled them on as she moved into the living room kitchen of her apartment. Not bothering to make herself something to eat she hurried out the door and for the elevators. 
Glancing at her phone Kusan noted that the time was still quiet early and if she was lucky she might be able to make it to the crime scene before the roads became clogged with commuters heading to work. 
A dull stillness hung over the mid-level garage as she swept from the lift and almost ran for her police car, her footsteps echoing loudly through the stillness. 
“Good morning detective,” Tarna greeted her overly cheerfully. “You are early this morning.”
“What’s the fastest route to The Scholls?” Kusan demanded as she started the engine and steered the car from the garage. 
“Well that depends on traffic,” Tarna replied thoughtfully, “Stadium Drive is probably the most direct route, but that can get very busy. So alternatively you could go out through Bayside and take Ocean Bridge that crosses the exit of the bay and can also take you over to islands of The Cuts. It might be longer that way, but with a constant speed limit and less traffic you can still make good time. Why the rush detective?”
“It’s five-thirty,” Kusan mumbled to herself as she sped through the traffic lanes southwards. “I’ll risk Stadium Drive.” 
“You certainly going fast detective,” Tarna remarked as Kusan veered through the sparse traffic, “Perhaps I should engage the lights and sirens?” 
“Sure.”
As she steered the car around the next commuter the police sirens began to blare out into the grey morning and the red and blue lights flashed brightly. Through the tall buildings Kusan could see the sun crest the horizon, peeking through the thin clouds and sending its rays through Me’tra. She felt no warmth in those rays though, and to her eyes that light seemed pale and vacant. 
As she drew closer to the south of Central and to the bridges that arched across the bay to the stadium she noticed the traffic was becoming heavier and despite the sirens of her car blaring out, they were refusing to easily move out of her way. 
Gritting her teeth angrily, Kusan made some quick alteration to the engine output through the dashboard computer and steered the car underneath the traffic level.
“There needs to be an emergency to use this lane,” Tarna said seriously, “Otherwise it’s a traffic violation. What do I tell the Traffic Board?”  
“Just say it’s an emergency,” Kusan grumbled as she continued to filter downwards through the levels and towards the bridge to the stadium. 
“Without saying what it is exactly?” Tarna exclaimed in surprise, “You’re sneaky detective. I like it.”
Kusan took her eyes off the road for a second as she wondered at the curious response from the car’s computer, but she pushed it from her mind as she neared the bridge. 
“Tarna, get a me a live traffic report for Stadium Drive.” Kusan said hurriedly. 
“Traffic moving easily,” Tarna replied, “Speed limit reduced to two hundred kilometres an hour.” 
“Damn it,” Kusan grumbled, “No emergency lanes through there either.” 
Thinking quickly Kusan made some more adjustments to the vehicles output and changed her course directly towards the stadium across the open water of the bay. Slowly the car began to descend towards the ground, speeding through the smog layer and sending water spray into the air as it raced over the top of the waves alongside the bridge. 
“I didn’t know I could do this,” Tarna remarked curiously, “But we are going to get fined for violating the police traffic rules.” 
“Worry about that later.” Replied simply as she continued to adjust the engine output and speed across the water. 
Kusan took a steadying breath, taking her hands off the steering wheel and stretching her fingers as she glanced to the rising sun. The great ball of light now sat low in the eastern skies, pushing aside the grey clouds and making the choppy waves of the bay sparkle as they danced with a strong easterly wind. 
Looking back to the road ahead Kusan could see that she had almost reached the Stadium. The tall walls around the large island caused the sun to glare in her eyes. Flags flapped violently along the parapets and large drapes drifted on the wind just above the entrance to the immense sporting complex. Making yet another adjustment to the car Kusan steered the vehicle up into the morning sky and over the top of the wall. Glancing out her window she could the back up of cars on the road around the complex, and although the Stadium had its own magnetic field that allowed these cars to fly, such mode of transport was not permitted. 
“I understand now,” Tarna said all of a sudden, “You changed my magnetic frequency to that of the Stadiums. But wait, how did we make it across the water?”
“There is an overlap between the magnetic field in Central and that of the Stadiums,” Kusan explained, “I just had to hit the sweet spot and increase the vertical thrust to maximum to keep us out of the water.”
“No wonder I’m starting to overheat,” Tarna remarked, “I will have to document and analyse this drive of yours detective. Perhaps I could implement it some other time.” 
“Probably not a good idea,” Kusan replied, “This is a strict no fly zone, the Stadium officials are only letting me because it’s an emergency, I will likely receive a yelling at from the Chief later. But if you were to do it, because you’re and AI, you’d get deleted.” 
“I’ll just document and analyse than,” Tarna replied meekly, “But what are you going to do when we move out of the Stadium’s flying field? The Scholls have now magnetic field.”
“We’re about to find out,” Kusan said flatly for just than they sped over the southern wall of the island and could see the highway and its many lanes reach across the bay to the section of Me’tra called The Scholls. 
A flashing light and beeping suddenly appeared on her dashboard and the car took a dive towards the road. Franticly Kusan made some more adjustments to the engine output with one hand as she gripped the steering wheel as tight as she could with the other. Again the car dropped towards the road before evening out and then dropping again.
“Keeping the vertical thrusters at maximum is overheating the engine,” Tarna said as another warning light started flashing and beeping in front Kusan. 
“I know. Mute that beeping.” Kusan shouted and gritted her teeth as she aimed for a gap in the traffic below. “This is going to be a rough landing.” 
The car slammed down heavily into the tarmac of the bridge, sending chunks of the road into the air, and causing another light to start flashing on the dashboard. Quickly Kusan reset the vertical thrust to normal capacity along with the rest of the alterations she had made.
“The front right vent has been damaged,” Tarna stated, “It’s now only operating at sixty percent efficiency. Might I suggest we have that repaired as soon as possible.” 
Kusan mumbled a response as she continued to focus on weaving through the traffic as quickly as she could.
“Tarna, check the file from the Chief on my phone,” Kusan requested as they came from the bridge and Kusan took the road leading westwards along the bay through the multi-tiered highway. “Bring up the location of the crime scene for me.” 
“Here it is,” Tarna replied shortly and map of the city roads projected onto the windscreen, showing their location, that of their destination, and a highlighted path that was the best to take. “Shall I drive now?”
“Sure,” Kusan said with a sigh rested back in her seat as she stretched her stiff fingers, “I hate driving anyway.”
“But you’re so good at it,” Tarna remarked. 
“To the crime scene as quickly as possible please,” Kusan said, a slight smile coming to her face. “Any word of the Wynar heading to this location as well?”
“None.” 
Kusan’s brow creased slightly and she looked out the window at the maze of massive buildings and city streets.
It was not long before they came to the scene of the crime along the main road that followed the bay. Kusan let out a disappointed sigh as she saw the small crowd of people that had gathered at the edge of the scene. Several officers stood along the holographic tap that drifted between specialised poles and prevented people from crossing through and contaminating the area. 
“Quite the popular walkway,” Tarna remarked as she pulled into a parking spot on the side of the road near the footpath. 
“The wind off the bay keeps the smog from getting too heavy,” Kusan replied, “People like to run and walk along here in the mornings.”
As the engine stopped Kusan got out of the car and pushed her way through the crowd to the front where she showed her badge before walking through the holographic tape projection. 
“Have any Wynar showed up?” Kusan asked curiously to the closest officer.
“No, but your partner is already here,” the young patrolman replied.
“What?” Kusan demanded.
“Vhindr Varrintine,” the officer clarified, “I wasn’t going to let him through initially, ‘cause he had no badge, but then he showed me the declaration of joint investigation with yourself and the Central Precinct so here’s down on the beach waiting for you.” 
Kusan did not reply and she headed quickly along the path and down the stairs onto the stony beach. Pebbles crunched under her boots as she spotted Vhindr squatting beside a single foot and looking at it closely. The cool breeze picked up off the water making her wish she had not forgotten her jacket at home and whipping her hair across her face. 
“I hear you’re my partner now,” Kusan called out, making Vhindr turn to regard her. 
“I thought you would have cancelled the joint investigation the second I got out of your car the other day,” Vhindr replied as he looked back to the foot. 
“I expected you’d do that,” Kusan shrugged and dropped to one knee to have a closer look at what had washed ashore. “It’s not Tar’ren’s.” 
“No,” Vhindr agreed, “It’s clearly a woman shoe.”
Kusan picked up the simple black shoe and turned it in her hand, her green eyes looking carefully at every detail, and her visual augmentation constantly scanning. The heel was well worn and the model was only a year old, the sock had been torn and like before it seemed that the bone had been cut by a surgical laser. 
“I was expecting it to be Tar’ren’s other foot,” Vhindr remarked, “Although I would say that the same person killed this woman as well. Odd that we would find another foot washed ashore when the rest of the parts have been likely eaten by the creatures in the bay.” 
“Maybe sharks don’t like the taste of shoes,” Kusan offered.
“Was that a joke?” Vhindr asked and frowned. 
Kusan shrugged, “Got a missing persons file on this victim as well?”
“Possibly,” Vhindr said thoughtfully, “I do have two open files of missing women. Although, I don’t have enough details on either of them to say whether this foot belongs to one of them.”  
“Best get to it,” Kusan remarked as she looked back to the side walk up the beach and to the many people looking on with curiosity. 
One man in particular caught her attention and made her narrow her eyes suspiciously. Where the rest of the onlookers wore expressions of curiosity and fear, his was one of frustration and anger. Ratlin and the other forensic scientists came down the stairs then, distracting her and by the time she looked back to the suspicious man he was gone. 
Kusan’s brow furrowed and she turned her eyes across the bay towards the Stadium that was glistening in the bright morning light. The salty breeze tasted sweet as she took a deep breath and looked to Vhindr, who was talking on his phone a few meters away. 
“Another foot?” Ratlin remarked in surprise as he and his co-workers set down their cases and began scanning the scene for evidence. “But not a companion for the one we found the other day I see.” 
“I want a DNA map of this one too,” Kusan stated, her eyes lingering on Vhindr as he talked on the phone. 
“Think there’s someone killing lower class Wynar?” Ratlin asked curiously as he worked. 
“Can’t say,” she shrugged. “Can you tell me how long it’s been in the water?” 
Ratlin looked up from the computer tablet he was using, “I barely just started. I’m good, but not that good.” 
“Make an educated guess,” Kusan replied seriously, and Ratlin sighed before leaning closer to the foot and prodding the sodden flesh with a utensil. 
“I’d guess it would be forty-eight hours or more,” Ratlin said hesitantly, “Don’t quote me on that.” 
“So about the same time as the other foot,” Kusan said to herself.
“About that, yes,” Ratlin replied, “I doubt it would have been at the same location though.” 
“Because of the currents in the bay?” Kusan stated more than asked and the scientist nodded. 
“To tell the truth I am surprised we even found anything,” Ratlin remarked, “If it wasn’t for luck, this foot and the last one would have ended up out to sea. A fortunate tide you could say.” 
“If they were killed at different locations but at the same time, is it just coincidence that two murderers decided to try and get rid of their victims in the same way?” Kusan asked thoughtfully. 
“I didn’t pick you to be one to believe in coincidence,” Ratlin smirked. 
“I’m not,” Kusan said seriously and headed towards Vhindr.
“Let me know if you find anything interesting,” Kusan called over her shoulder to the scientist who mumbled a reply. 
Ahead of her Vhindr stood gazing across the waters of the bay seeming to be waiting for the person on the other end of the line to say something. 
“Vhindr,” Kusan called out to the man, grabbing his attention, “I’ll meet you back at my car.”
Without saying anything Vhindr raised his hand in a wave of understanding and she changed her course and headed back up the stony beach. Moving from the stairs and towards her car Kusan glanced to the faces of the crowd in search of the man she had spotted early, but she could not see him. Again he eyes narrowed suspiciously and she turned her gaze to the surrounding buildings and street lights. Her stern expression change to a slight smile as she noticed several security cameras clinging to the walls and poles about the area. 
“Tarna,” Kusan said as she got into her car, “Get me the video footage from this area for the past forty minutes.” 
“Can I hack them?” Tarna asked excitedly.
“No, just use your police access,” Kusan replied seriously, “And link it with my phone.”
Taking her phone out of her tight pant pocket Kusan flipped it open to see the holographic screen, and the link to the surveillance cameras in the vicinity. Using the fast forward function see quickly skipped through the footage until the crowd had formed at the edge of the police line.
“There you are,” Kusan remarked as she paused the video feed and zoomed in on the bald man’s face. “Run his face through our database Tarna, find out who he is for me, and see if you can track his movements.” 
“Roger,” the computer said, and Kusan closed her phone. 
Just then Vhindr opened the passenger door and got in with a perplexed look upon his face. 
“Mister Vhindr,” Tarna exclaimed happily, “I am very glad to see you again.”
“Thank you,” Vhindr stammered awkwardly before turning to Kusan. “I have just been through the data I have on the two missing persons and the foot does seem to match one of them, a young woman named Neppil. But the curious thing is I called the neighbour of Neppil, who was the one to call me initially with the case, and he said that Neppil was no longer missing.” 
“Maybe your data is just wrong,” Kusan replied simple, drawing a frown from Vhindr. 
“I doubt that,” Vhindr said seriously. 
“You’re confident,” Kusan replied.
“Yes, I am.” 
“Alright, let’s go talk to this Neppil and her neighbour,” Kusan decided and started the car’s engine, which seemed to struggle a bit. 
“You wish to work together then?”
“The joint investigation is still in place,” Kusan glanced at Vhindr curiously, “Unless you want to cancel it, either way suits me.” 
“Affiliation with the police has its uses I guess,” Vhindr replied as he looked out the window as they drove from the crime scene. 
“Do you want me to drive detective?” Tarna spoke up. 
“Sure,” Kusan agreed and rested back in her seat as she turned her gaze out the window. 
“Head to this address, Tarna,” Vhindr said as he synchronised his phone with the car’s artificial intelligence. 
Driving into the busy streets of The Scholls the smog quickly engulfed them, turning the bright morning into a dull and brownish haze. Kusan absently watched the people on the sidewalks drift by as she continued to think about this new development. With the smog heavy in The Scholls most of the people worn masks over their nose and mouths, a sight that made Kusan shift in her set uncomfortably and glance upwards through the window in hope to see the clear sky.
“Vhindr,” Kusan turned from the window curiously, “How’d you hear about this crime scene?”
“I have a police radio,” Vhindr shrugged.
“But how’d you here so quickly?”
Vhindr turned to regard her, “I was in the area.” 
“You live around here?”
“No.” 
Vhindr looked back out the window to the dirty city streets and congested traffic as Tarna took the car through the emergency lanes and onto the highway heading towards the Bayside address of Neppil. 
Kusan felt easier as they left the heavy traffic and started to pick up speed along the many levelled roads that headed eastwards. 
“Can you get us above the smog Tarna?” Kusan asked.
“Of course.” 
Kusan felt even more relieved as they moved up several levels and above the smog. Hundreds of tall buildings still crowded from all sides, but she turned her eyes towards the sky and smiled slightly as she saw the clear blue heavens above the towers. A few white clouds were starting to appear and drifted inland on the strong sea breeze, promising to bring rain in the afternoon. 
“I found him,” Tarna suddenly exclaimed, grabbing both Kusan and Vhindr’s attention. “I found him detective.”
“Show me on your monitor,” Kusan replied and the mugshot of a bald, middle-aged man appeared on the computer screen in the centre consol. 
“Who’s this?” Vhindr asked curiously. 
“Someone I saw in the crowd at the crime scene,” Kusan replied as she read the information on the man. “Bagra: thirty-four years of age, two prior convictions of smuggling, and suspected of running weapons for the rebels. He has two warrants for his arrest.” 
“You think he has decided to add murder to his resume?” Vhindr wondered.
“Or he just happened to be in the area,” Kusan replied thoughtfully, “Sync me your information on Neppil, Vhindr.”
Vhindr did not reply as he took out his phone from his worn leather jacket and in a few seconds he started the data transfer. 
“She’s a taxi driver,” Kusan remarked curiously as she read some of the information as it transferred. “With access to Wynrim, so she and Tar’ren are connected somehow.”
“But from the currents in the rivers and bay it is very unlikely they would have been killed together,” Vhindr replied, “Assuming that Neppil was even killed.”
“Guess we’ll soon find out,” Kusan said, turning her eyes towards the road ahead of them. “Tarna, put the sirens on, get us there as quick as possible.”
“Can I use the methods you employed on the drive to the crime scene this morning?” Tarna asked back excitedly. 
“Definitely not.” 
Tarna groaned in disappointment but did as she was told and their speed increased as the police lights and sirens were switched on. 
“Strange that the Wynar didn’t show up,” Kusan remarked quietly to herself as watched the city fly by her window. 
Chapter Six

A blanket of laziness seemed to fall over her mind as their car sped along the highway out of The Scholls and onto the Ocean Bridge that spanned between Bayside and The Scholls. The ocean sparkled magnificently in the warm sunlight, shimmering in her eyes and making her think about the early start to the day she had had, and how she wished she had gotten a few more hours of sleep. 
Kusan yawned wide and rubbed her eye as she watched the gulls fly on the breeze above the road. She thought about taking a brief detour off to the islands of The Cuts and relax on their white sandy beaches, but she knew that she could not. Her eyes spotted the closest of the islands as they passed the turn off to The Cuts midway along the bridge, the wealthy resorts seemed to call out to her as they glowed beautifully in the sunlight. 
With a sigh Kusan turned her eyes from the blue ocean and resort islands of The Cuts, and she looked ahead to the build-up of tall buildings ahead of them in Bayside. The southern end of Bayside was a fairly wealthy and sort after part of the city, but the further you travelled north towards the industrial section of Indro across the river, things became darker and more confined. 
The change in the city was subtle to Kusan’s eyes as they followed the wide highway directly northwards through Bayside. Slowly the buildings became more dense, the smog cloud creeped higher, more glowing advertisement signs passed by her window, and steadily the buildings became less cared for and dirty. 
“Neppil’s apartment is right near the Third street bridge into Indro,” Vhindr remarked offhandedly. “Not the cleanest part of town. I would have thought she could afford better seeing she was permitted to work in Wynrim.” 
“Maybe she was saving up for a holiday?” Kusan shrugged and yawned again. “Tarna let’s get some coffee before we get there. The drive-through at the closest Coffee Shop will be fine.”
“Okay,” Tarna replied, “But I’ll never understand why you humans consume so much.” 
“Do you want anything Vhindr?” Kusan asked absently as she made the order through her phone. 
“No, thank you,” Vhindr replied as he looked out the window thoughtfully. 
Tarna took the next exit off the highway and into the traffic of the city roads. After a few turns they came to the drive through of the Coffee Shop and the line of cars all waiting for their order. 
“Of course there’s a line up,” Kusan mumbled and let out a deep breath. 
The wait was not long as shortly she scanned her palm print on the payment screen and took her order from the board looking attendant. Tarna did not need to be told to head to Neppil’s apartment next and Kusan ate the muffin she ordered and happily sipped her coffee. 
The atmosphere grew darker as they descended into the smog cloud, almost going right down to the ground level. Down here the street lights were always on, making the smog glow a dull orange colour and reflecting off the puddles of the road.
“I thought Metropolis, Indro and Southside were the bad parts of Me’tra,” remarked Tarna.
“Be on the lookout for car thieves Tarna,” Kusan remarked dryly. 
“I’d like to see them try to steal me,” the computer exclaimed aggressively. 
“That would be quite interesting,” Kusan smiled as she peered out the windscreen and window in search of the address. “There it is, up on the left.” 
“Right near a street arcade,” Vhindr observed and motioned down the ways to where the road ended onto a humanity terrace. “Perhaps that is why she lives here.” 
“Maybe,” Kusan mumbled as their car pulled into a parking spot right in front of the building. 
It was surprisingly quiet around this part of town and at this low level. Kusan looked about curiously as she got out of the car and headed for the building’s entrance. There were a few people walking towards the arcade on the terrace and the roads were busy enough. But this near the ground level the rest of the city seemed like a world away from here. 
Vhindr led the way into the tower of apartments and down the poorly cared for hallway to the elevators. A few of the lights flickered along the way and the muffled sounds of people yelling could be heard through the walls. 
“No street arcade is worth living here,” Kusan remarked as they entered the lift and ascended a few floors. 
They were met with a similar kind of hallway to the one they entered through, but neither Kusan nor Vhindr gave it much regard as they headed for Neppil’s apartment. 
“This is it,” Vhindr said and stopped before an unremarkable door which he knocked upon.
“Why’d you knock?” Kusan asked curiously, “Just ring the bell.”
Vhindr looked somewhat awkward as Kusan reached up and pressed the button that sounded a light bell inside the apartment. But after several more presses still no one answered the door. 
“Today she has a scheduled day off right?” Kusan looked to Vhindr who nodded and gentle turned the door handle. 
Surprisingly the handle turned easily and the door swung inwards to reveal a darkened room. 
“Me’tra police,” Kusan called out into the darkness as she entered.
The dimness quickly vanished as Vhindr flicked the lights on and cautiously they walked further into the two room apartment. 
“Neppil, are you home?” Vhindr called out and was answered by silence. 
“It’s very clean,” Kusan remarked as she wandered about the kitchen living room looking over the bench top and opening cupboards. “Smells like disinfectant as well.” 
Vhindr mumbled a reply as he headed for the bedroom and ensuite.  
Absently Kusan flicked through the advertisements people get in the mail that were stacked upon the bench top. Letting out a deep breath she looked about the room in slight confusion. 
“Kusan,” Vhindr called to her from the bedroom and she quickly joined him. 
“Just as clean.” Kusan remarked as she entered.
“Not just that,” Vhindr replied as he opened the wardrobe, “It’s as if no one has ever lived in this place.” 
“Maybe she made a quick exit,” Kusan wondered as she continued to look about the place for some clue.
“Or someone wanted her to disappear,” Vhindr remarked, a dark expression on his face. 
“Perhaps the neighbour can tell us more,” Kusan suggested and headed for the exit. 
Vhindr did not say anything as he followed her and with another brief glance about the place they left, closing the door and turning off the lights behind them. As Kusan inspected the lock of the door more closely Vhindr walked over to the apartment door almost directly opposite and knocked loudly on the wood. 
“The lock hasn’t been tampered with,” Kusan remarked as she joined Vhindr and rung the electronic bell. 
Impatiently Kusan rung the bell half a dozen more times, but still none answered. 
“Do you have his number?” Kusan asked Vhindr, “Call him.” 
“He said he was going to the arcade,” Vhindr remarked as he took out his phone, “But would he home by the time we came around.”
Dialling the number Vhindr brought the phone up to his ear and waited but no one answered. He gave Kusan a slight shake of his head before closing his phone and putting it back in his pocket. 
Irritably Kusan walked off towards the elevator and Vhindr was soon to follow. 
“Just great,” Kusan mumbled as the elevator door squeaked shut and the lift slowly rattled back down. 
Outside she absently kicked some rubbish along the footpath and glanced towards the arcade. The flash of police lights caught her attention and sharing a look with Vhindr they moved quickly down the road and into the arcade. They had not gone far into the maze of street vendors and bright store fronts before they spotted a gathered crowd standing before a police line. 
Kusan pushed her way to the front of the crowd and showed the police officer her badge as she looked over the man’s shoulder to the body lying in the dirty street. 
“You guys got here quick,” the officer remarked in surprise, “It happened barely a minute ago, me and my partner were around the corner and got the call that there was a public disturbance. We arrived to find this. His body is still warm.” 
“That is Neppil’s neighbour,” Vhindr remarked quietly to Kusan. 
“Are you two here to take over the scene?” the officer asked curiously as Kusan sighed and looked about the area through the crowd. 
The sight of the many light flashing off the bald head of man caught her attention and she pushed back through the gathering. Out the back of the curious citizen she filtered through the crowd her eyes locked on the back of the bald man’s head. 
“Where are you going?” Vhindr asked as she followed closely behind her. 
“It’s the guy from before.” Kusan replied, not leaving her eyes from the man walking quickly away from the crime scene.
“You’re sure?”
As Vhindr spoke the man glanced over his shoulder and locked eyes with Kusan. She saw the recognition in the man’s face and unsurprisingly he suddenly raced off at top speed. Kusan was after him in flash, darting through the people and around the stales. 
“Stop. Me’tra police,” Kusan yelled after the man, but he did not slow down. 
In fact the man increased his pace and darted up a flight of stairs to the side of the man walk. Kusan followed and similarly increased her speed, her prosthetic enhanced legs propelling her to paces far beyond that of a normal person. But despite that she only gain a few meters on the bald man. 
Along a bridge footpath she chased the man, dodging the people he knocked over to try and slow her pursuit. More shop fronts lined one side of the bridge as it went between two buildings and the way was lined with a few tables with products that were being sold. The bald man desperately knocked over one of the tables, sending the goods flying and blocking her path. Acting quickly side stepped the angry store owner and vaulted another table to get around the obstacle. 
The bald man glanced over his shoulder again to see if he had delayed her, but the man’s eyes widened slightly as she how close she had gotten. Putting his head down the man tried to outpace her as the bridge came to an end with a flight of stairs leading down to the right. 
The man ignored the stairs and using the handrail as a step he launched himself from the bridge. 
Gritting her teeth Kusan followed suit and jumped with all her strength off the railing. Her eyes widened in surprise as she realised there was a gap between the bridge and the closest terrace where the arcade continued. Tucking her knees in close she sailed through the air and landed with a crash into a market stall that had already been overturned by the bald man. Rolling to her feet she continued the chase after the man pushed his way through the people before turning down a side road where some stairs headed downwards. 
With another great lunge she cleared the descending stairs and rolling back to her feet she saw she had gained some distance on the man. Ignoring the grime she had landed in she sprinted off once again. 
Down on this level the lights were dim and the smog thick, making it easy for someone to hide. But not from her, her visual augmentations had locked onto the bald man and through the haze she could always see his glowing outline. 
Taking a small metal ball from the pouch on her belt Kusan armed the device and threw it as hard as she could. The ball whistled through the air and skidded across the ground before it exploded in a flash of light and sending burning shards through the air and bouncing off the walls and ground. The man cried out in surprise and quickly changed course down another side road. 
Kusan was quick to follow him into the narrow way and a few turns later it came to a dead end. Stopping a cautious distance from the man Kusan breathed heavily, her hand close by her belt and the hilt of her lightning baton. 
With heavy breaths the man turn around slowly, his eyes filled with anger and desperation. 
“Bagra, you’re under arrest,” Kusan said slowly and cautiously took a step towards the man. 
Quicker than she expected the man raised an arm towards her and fired a weapon. Instinctively she raised her arm in defence and collected a few metal darts in her forearm and hand. A few sparks flew out from the wounds and white liquid slowly oozed from her prosthetics. 
Eyes wide she looked back to Bagra who fired his weapon again. Quickly she twisted low and spun on her knees. In the same motion she grabbed another explosive from her pouch and jumping back to her feet she flicked the metal ball towards the bald man. 
Red lightning suddenly exploded about the small alley, rippling through Bagra and off the walls, making him scream and twitch uncontrollably. Smoke wafted from his shoulders as the lightning stopped and the man dropped to his knees before falling onto his face. 
Cautiously Kusan approached the man, her hand still close by the hilt of her baton. Carefully she moved to the unconscious man’s side and rolled him over with her foot. She froze as she looked down on the man and their eyes locked. A sly grin came to Bagra’s face as he levelled his weapon directly at Kusan’s face. 
The man’s trigger finger twitched and time seemed to stop as she held her breath. There was flash of metal and a burst fire of darts fly by Kusan’s ear. Bagra fell away in a cry of pain, clutching at his hand where a dagger was impaled. Kusan gathered her wits quickly and grabbing her handcuffs she shoved the bald man onto his back and restrained his arms. 
“Are you alright?” Vhindr asked as he approached.
Kusan gave him a nod, “Good timing.” 
 “What’s this?” wondered Vhindr as he picked up the weapon dropped by Bagra. 
“It’s a gas powered firearm,” Kusan stated, her eyes still locked upon Vhindr, “It shoots metal projectiles with deadly force and was quite popular during the Mol’tev rebellion last century.” 
“I see,” Vhindr mumbled. 
“Quit talking and get this knife out of my hand,” Bagra wailed and squirmed on the ground. 
“Wait until we get to the paramedics,” Vhindr replied calmly, “Otherwise you’ll bleed all over the place.” 
“Screw you, you bastard,” Bagra cursed loudly.
“Delightful,” Vhindr mumbled before he yanked the man to his feet and pushed back along the alleyway.  
“You, Bagra,” Kusan said as she followed, “Where is Neppil?”
“Who?”
“The woman who’s neighbour you just murdered,” Vhindr clarified.
“Don’t know what you’re talking about,” Bagra replied. 
“Then why kill him?” Kusan demanded.
“Who says I did?”
“This weapon genius,” Vhindr replied and gave the man a shove in the back.
“I ain’t saying nothing.” Bagra replied belligerently.  
“You will once we get you back to the precinct,” Kusan promised and Bagra spat to the side. 
Back through the paths of the sprawling arcade they went until they found themselves back at the entrance. By now many other police officers had showed up along with a team of forensic scientists scanning the scene and inspecting the body. 
“Well, well, if it isn’t Kusan,” detective Jenth called out and snickered to his partner, “You catch a purse thief?”
“We just caught the man responsible for this crime,” Vhindr spoke up, drawing surprised looks from the two detectives. “This is Bagra and his weapon was used to kill the victim.” 
“Leave the detective work to us alright PI,” Jenth’s partner said abruptly.
“I’ll just let this man go than?” Vhindr asked with feigned surprise.
“Give him here and get on your way,” Jenth roughly took Bagra from Vhindr along with the weapon. “What are you even doing here Kusan?”
“Work.” Kusan replied simply and turned to go, “Something you’re probably not familiar with.”
Ignoring the retort from Jenth, Kusan continued out of the arcade with Vhindr close behind. An uncomfortable feeling tinged in her left arm and Kusan looked down and winced as she saw a few more sparks dart from the wounds and around the metal projectiles. She could feel the limb start to fail and become heavy, clenching her jaw Kusan got into the passenger side of her car and immediately took out a first aid kit from the glove box. Cradling her arm she tore away her sleeve and began to pull out the metal rods. 
“Are you alright detective?” Tarna asked with concern.  
“I’m fine,” she mumbled and yanked another shaft out.
Kusan felt no pain as she removed the last of the projectiles and began checking to see what damage they had caused. 
Standing by the door Vhindr watched curiously as she cut away the flesh membrane to get a closer look at the cybernetic muscle and bone. White liquid that substituted for blood oozed from the holes and onto her clothes, staining the fabric and making Kusan curse quietly. 
“Try not to bleed on my seats please,” Tarna remarked, causing Kusan to scowl at the computer. 
“Shouldn’t you go to the hospital?” Vhindr inquired as he watched her wrap her arm in a bandage. 
“Later,” Kusan replied as she slid over to the driver’s seat and Vhindr got in. 
“You might as well go now,” Vhindr said as he closed the door, “Our investigations have hit a bit of a snag anyway.” 
Kusan sighed and looked out the window to the brown haze of smog as Vhindr took out his phone. 
“I’ve had not luck tracing the account that paid me for investigating Tar’ran’s disappearance,” Vhindr remarked, “Perhaps your people will do better.”  
“Can I try?” Tarna asked suddenly with excitement, “I’ve always want to hack something.” 
Vhindr looked to Kusan, but she did not say anything as she continued to stare out the window. 
“Be my guest,” Vhindr said to Tarna and synchronised his phone with the car computer. 
“This is going to be so much fun,” Tarna giggled like a school girl.
“Don’t get caught,” Kusan warned without looking from the window, “Or you’ll be deleted.”  
“Don’t worry,” Tarna replied with excitement.
Kusan tapped her lips lightly as she continued to watch the clouds of smog drift across the dull light of the street lamps. It had got heavier and to her eyes it almost seemed as if it were night time making her think again of the few hours of sleep she missed out on that morning. 
“Alright,” Kusan said with a sigh, “We’ll go to the hospital.” 
Vhindr did not say anything as she started the engine and let Tarna drive them from the arcade. 
“And Vhindr,” Kusan added as she watched the streets lights flash by the window, “Thanks for your help.” 
Chapter Seven

The afternoon light streamed through the hospital window and glared in Kusan’s eyes as she quietly watched the waves of the bay sparkle. Her left arm twitched unexpectedly and made her look to the machine beside her bed that was repairing the damage she had received earlier. Her fingers twitched again and the prosthetic muscle of her bicep jumped. The sight held her attention for a few minutes as the repairing machine continued to operate autonomously. 
“Breaking news just in,” the voice of a reporter sounded through the joint ward and Kusan half listened to what the man had to say. “Steward Ly’kin has made an official comment about the rumours circulating of the Wynar pulling the army out of Syn’is. He has stated that the army is indeed returning to Kor’vir but not in an attempt to combat the increasing rebel activity. Instead Steward Ly’kin has explained that the reason for the withdrawal was to help with infrastructure developments in Me’tra and the other major cities, he stated that his first goal was to secure the wellbeing of Kor’vir and its citizens.”
Kusan ignored the rest of the report and turned her gaze back out the window as she waited for the repairs of her arm to be finished. Lifting her eyes from the dancing waves of the bay she looked to the dark clouds above the western skyline of jagged buildings. The dense clouds had already begun to cover the sun’s rays and even from this distance she could see the flashes of red lightning amid the storm heads. 
“I’m here on sight where a massive explosion has destroyed a Wynar factory in southern Indro,” the sound of the reporter caught Kusan’s attention, “No word has come from the rebels regarding the blast, but officials are saying that nature of the attack matches the rebels MO. With the clean-up still taking place behind me, it is unclear how many have died, but it is estimated to be in the thousands. This large factory was the primary location for the manufacture of digital microchips, of the like in personal IDs and permits.” 
Kusan narrowed her eyes curiously at the remark and bit down on her thumb nail thoughtfully. The ringing of her phone interrupted her thoughts and slowly she answered the call.
“Chief?” Kusan mumbled as her eyes were again drawn to the view out the window. 
“You really like it at the hospital don’t you?” the older man smirked. 
“I’m touched you personally called to see I’m alright,” Kusan replied sarcastically. 
“Whatever, you check out those recruit files yet?” the Chief asked.
“Like I’ve had the time,” Kusan was quick to say. 
“Do it now,” the Chief rebutted, “This just goes to show you need a partner. If the personal investigator hadn’t been there you’d be in the morgue instead of the hospital.”
“I’ll check them out later,’ Kusan sighed heavily, “Right now this case I’m on has become very interesting. I’ll need to have a word with the suspect Jenth brought in for that murder in the arcade.”
“Wait, hasn’t he told you yet?” exclaimed the Chief.
“Told me what?”
“The suspect, Bagra, fired his own brain,” the Chief replied grimly. 
“What? How?”
“Ratlin is looking into that now,” said the Chief, “But it looks like Bagra had some modifications to his eye and ear augmentations. Apparently he just spoke a series of numbers and letters and that was it: brain fried.”
“Damn it,” Kusan muttered, “He was our best lead I had. Make sure you have Ratlin run a diagnostic on the frequency of Bagra’s modifications.” 
“Since when do you give me orders,” the Chief replied jokingly.
“You know what I mean,” Kusan was quick to say.
“Yeah yeah,” the Chief dismissed it, “Get back here soon. And make sure you look at those files.” 
Kusan closed her phone and dropped in her lay before running a hand through her messy hair and letting out a deep breath. 
“Fried his own brain,” she muttered quietly and shook her head.
“Detective Kusan,” the greeting from the nurse brought a slight smile to Kusan’s face. “Why am I not surprised to see you here?”
“Nurse Demi,” Kusan replied, “I didn’t think this was your ward.” 
“I just came by to say hi,” Demi replied with a slight giggle. “Are the repairs going well?”
“Seems to be,” Kusan shrugged as Demi walked to the side of the bed to have a closer look at the machine repairing the damage to Kusan’s arm. 
“These might seem to take longer than just having the whole arm replaced, but this way you don’t need to go into surgery,” Demi remarked, “Looks like it’s almost done anyway.” 
Kusan looked down at her arm and to the machine as it just started to stich up her prosthetic skin. 
Just then Vhindr walked quickly around the dividing curtain, his phone in hand an slight sparkle in his eye.
“Kusan, have a look at this,” Vhindr said and handed his phone to her. 
“He’s cute,” Demi said quietly and Kusan ignored her as she took the device. 
“What am I looking at?” asked Kusan curiously. 
“Surveillance from the arcade,” Vhindr replied. 
“I’m nurse Demi, by the way,” Demi spoke up as Kusan began watching the video feed. “No need for the introduction Kusan.” 
Kusan ignored the remark as she watched the crowd of people move among the market stalls. 
“Vhindr Varrintine,” replied Vhindr politely.
“Are you a police officer as well?” Demi continued and moved over to Vhindr’s side of the bed. 
“Private detective,” Vhindr clarified. 
“How interesting,” Demi remarked flirtatiously. “Are you and Kusan together?”
“We’re working together on a case, yes.” 
“So you’re single then?”
Kusan lost track of the rest of the conversation for an altercation had broken out among the crowd between two men and woman, and one of the men was Bagra. The argument quickly escalated, and although she had no audio with the feed Kusan managed to understand what was happening. One of the men, Neppil’s neighbour, seemed to be trying to stop Neppil and Bagra seemed to be telling the neighbour to go away. Neppil looked awkward and glanced around nervously as the two men began pushing each other. Flashes of red and blue lights lit up the market in the shot and Neppil turned to run off. It all happened very quickly and the neighbour grabbed Neppil by the arm, she pulled violently from his grasp and Bagra fired a burst shot from his weapon into the neighbour’s chest.
Bagra looked to tell Neppil to run in one direction as he slowly merged into the crowd going in the opposite direction. The neighbour fell to the ground and the people around him fell back in horror as the police officers pushed their way onto the scene and pushed everyone back from the body as they set up a perimeter. 
Kusan spotted herself pushing through the crowd then and she paused the video feed before looking back to Vhindr and Demi. 
“Vhindr,” Kusan spoke up and handed back his phone. “Bagra killed the neighbour as we thought.”
“Did you notice anything about Neppil though?” Vhindr was quick to ask.
“She seemed to want to go with Bagra,” Kusan replied with a shrug. 
“No, look here,” Vhindr said as he leaned beside her and rewound the video feed. “Wait too far back.”
Vhindr cursed quietly as he seemed to again go past the spot on the footage he wanted to show. With a little more fiddling he just let the video run normally until it reached the specific frame. 
“Here,” Vhindr said suddenly and paused the video before he zoomed in on Neppil walking briskly from the area and played the footage at half speed. “Her gait indicates both her legs are prosthetic.” 
Narrowing her eyes Kusan reached up to the screen and easily replayed the specific frames of the footage. 
“She must’ve had it done on the black market,” Kusan remarked seriously, “I found no hospital records when I searched her before. But this changes things greatly.” 
“The black market surgeons don’t dump body parts in the river though,” Vhindr replied as he closed his phone. 
“You think it was intentional?” Kusan asked, “Why?”
“To fake her death maybe,” Vhindr offered, “That would explain the quick exit from her apartment and the reason why Bagra killed her neighbour.” 
“How does Tar’ren fit into this?” Kusan wondered as she looked to her arm as the machine finished stitching her up. 
“I’m not sure,” Vhindr replied as Kusan got out of her bed. “Perhaps Bagra can shed some light on the situation.”
“The man is dead,” Kusan replied simply, “Fried his own brain with black market modifications.”
“Why would someone do that?” Demi exclaimed, a horrified look on her face. 
“He was likely working with the rebellion,” Vhindr stated, “He chose to kill himself instead of risking his comrades.”
“Bunch of idiots,” Demi said exasperatedly, “All they do is blow stuff up and martyr themselves.” 
“Do you think she is one of them?” Kusan looked to Vhindr who shrugged.
“If we find her we’ll have our answer,” Vhindr replied seriously. 
“Let’s go then,” Kusan nodded and headed for the door, “See you next time Demi.”
“Bye,” Demi called after them, “Don’t forget to call me Vhindr.” 
As she walked out the door Kusan gave Vhindr a curious look, but the man ignored her, keeping his dark eyes on the path ahead. The sterile white corridors moved by her quickly as she and Vhindr headed for the parking lot, the smell of disinfectant making her crinkle her nose. Taking the elevator down, they made their way into the basement garage. It was such an abrupt change from the meticulously cleaned rooms and hallways above, grime and dirty puddles covered the bitumen and Kusan’s boots as she walked swiftly for her car. But despite the change in scenery the smell of disinfectant lingered in her nose, making her feel slightly nauseous. 
“Welcome back partners,” Tarna greeted her and Vhindr cheerfully as they got into the car. 
“Tarna, sync with Vhindr’s phone and analyse the surveillance footage from the arcade,” Kusan said seriously, “Run a facial recognition on Neppil and trace her movements from the time she left, understood.” 
“That’s a nice way to say hello,” Tarna remarked sarcastically. 
“Tarna, please just do it,” Kusan said with a sigh, “This is important.” 
“Alight,” the computer groaned, “I’m doing it.”
“How’d you go with hacking the account?” Kusan asked curiously. 
“I broke through a few firewalls, but an attack barrier locked me out,” Tarna replied with disappointment, “I did manage to trace it to Wynrim though.” 
“That makes sense,” Kusan mumbled, “Must’ve have been Tar’ren’s neighbour or co-worker that contacted you Vhindr.” 
“Maybe,” Vhindr remarked thoughtfully. “Or maybe it was Tar’ren.” 
Kusan looked up from her phone, “You think he faked his death as well?” 
“Perhaps.”
“That would mean he is working with the rebels,” Kusan reasoned and Vhindr nodded slightly. “It also means we have no murder or murderer, and thus any further investigation is out of my jurisdiction.” 
Kusan’s shoulders slumped as she dropped back in her seat and she let out a deep breath. 
“It would mean I also have no case to peruse, and our joint investigation is nullified” Vhindr remarked to himself and scratched his chin. 
“We can’t let it drop,” Kusan muttered before she turned to Vhindr, “If the rebels are really involved something big must be about to happen, and we have a chance to stop it.” 
“I’d rather not get involved in a political mess,” Vhindr remarked, his eyes looking out the window at the dim parking lot. 
“It could end up in a lot of deaths, just like that factory,” Kusan replied and she gasped as s thought suddenly came to her. “Neppil was a taxi driver right? And she had a permit onto Wynrim?”
“Yes,” Vhindr looked to her curiously. 
“The factory that the rebels destroyed made the microchips used in those permits,” Kusan replied seriously. 
“And if Neppil is with the rebels you think she will try and destroy something in Wynrim using that permit.” Vhindr nodded understandingly, “But this still isn’t our jurisdiction. We should notify the Wynrim security.” 
“It’s too late to do that,” Tarna spoke up, “Neppil is already on Wynrim.”
“When?” Kusan asked seriously.
“I have security footage of her going onto the island over an hour ago,” the car replied. 
“And no strike has been made yet?” Vhindr asked curiously.
“Nope.”
“Maybe she is going there to hide,” Kusan remarked. 
“And it is still out of our jurisdiction,” Vhindr added.
Kusan narrowed her eyes at the man, “Don’t you want to stop the rebels from killing more people?”
“I stay out of political problems,” Vhindr replied sternly. 
“So that’s it?” Kusan balked, “As soon as a case looks like it’ll become political you run away?” 
“No,” Vhindr replied evenly, “If I had a case I would finish it regardless of political ties. But in this situation I have no case, so I won’t get involved.” 
Kusan narrowed her eyes slightly at Vhindr and raised her finger to him, “Give me one moment.”
Vhindr gave her a curious expression but did not reply as she took out her phone and made a call.
“Chief,” Kusan said as the older man came on the line, “I want the murder in the arcade.”
“What?” the Chief asked in surprise, “That case is closed, haven’t you see the surveillance footage?”
“The girl in the footage owns the foot we found in The Scholls,” Kusan replied.
“So you’re saying it’s no longer a murder?” 
“That’s right.”
“Then it’s not this department,” the Chief stated.
“That’s why I want to take over the arcade murder,” Kusan replied evenly, “The girl, Neppil, was clearly involved in the man’s death.”
“Look, Kusan, the man who committed that crime is dead,” the Chief said seriously, “And it looks like he had ties to the rebels, I’ll be passing this information onto the Wynar so even if I give you this case you’ll be kicked off it soon enough.” 
“How soon?” Kusan asked.
The Chief paused on the other end of the call, “You’ve got something, don’t you?” 
“Maybe,” Kusan shot a glance to Vhindr, “How long before the Wynar get their hands on this case?” 
The Chief let out a deep breath, “You’ve got four hours.”
“Thanks,” Kusan smiled, “Can you get me a permit into Wynrim as well?” 
“Now you’re asking a bit much,” the Chief was quick to say.
“I need it.” 
“Fine,” decided the older man, “But if this goes bad there will be hell to pay. Understand detective?”
“Understood Chief,” Kusan agreed happily and snapped her phone shut. 
Kusan turned a triumphant look to Vhindr who shook his head.
“This will end badly,” Vhindr said seriously. 
“I’ve got us the case and still you’re going to pull out?” Kusan asked in surprise, “I didn’t think you were that type of person.” 
A slight smile came to the corners of Vhindr’s lips and his eyes sparkled in the dull garage lights. 
“What case?” Vhindr asked.
“The murder of Neppil’s neighbour,” Kusan replied, “We may have the man who killed him, but we need to talk with Neppil as she is a witness to the crime. She is in Wynrim, so we need to go and apprehend her.” 
“Even though she is likely a rebel planning a terrorist strike?” Vhindr asked in reply. 
“We don’t know that,” Kusan was quick to say.
As Vhindr turned to regard her she could see the excitement in his eyes, and yet for some reason the man was so hesitant to become involved in a potential political storm. 
“What’s there to be worried about?” Kusan wondered.
“Who says I am worried?” Vhindr looked away.
“I just did.”
The remark caught the man’s attention and his dark eyes snapped back to hers. Kusan saw pride in those eyes, but it was being suffocated by something. Even the curious shimmer of colour in Vhindr’s scarred eyed seemed to become dull before he looked away again. 
“Things are complicated for me,” Vhindr said hesitantly and started playing with one of the many rings he wore. 
“Because you’re not from Kor’vir?” Kusan stated more than asked, drawing Vhindr’s eyes back to hers. “No one cares where you’re from.” 
“It’s not just that,” Vhindr mumbled. 
Kusan sighed and rubbed her brow, “Look, I’m pursuing this case regardless of what political side I step on the toes of, and it could end badly. I care about solving this mystery, nothing else, and the truth is I could use some help. I could use your help, Vhindr.” 
Kusan could see the muscle of Vhindr’s jaw twitch as he clenched his jaw, his eyes staring out the window as he continued to fiddle with one of his rings. 
“Alright,” Vhindr finally said and let out a deep breath, “Let’s do this, I could use the diversion.” 
“Glad to hear it,” Kusan smiled as she regarded Vhindr curiously, “You heard him Tarna, to Wynrim.” 
“Okay,” Tarna said loudly and the car sped out of the underground parking lot and into the coming evening.
Chapter Eight

The light was dim now and the lights that lined the road began to switch on one by one, casting their pale glow across the road and flicking past her window as Kusan watched the buildings fly past. The lights inside the buildings also began to turn on riddling the side of the towers in an abstract pattern. 
Kusan blinked as the first drops of rain splattered against the window and windscreen, shimmering in the street lights as they ran from the glass. 
“I do like driving in the rain,” Tarna remarked offhandedly, “It makes me feel so clean.”
“Feel?” Kusan mumbled quietly. 
Kusan flinched automatically as a fork of red lightning scorched out of the dark sky, striking a tall building and lighting up the darkness. 
“I wish we could have found out who sent you that money for the investigation into Tar’ren’s disappearance,” Kusan remarked with a sigh. 
“Sorry,” Tarna spoke up, “I tried my best.” 
“It’s not your fault Tarna,” Kusan replied, “You just don’t have the software to hack the Wynar bank records.” 
“Wait a minute,” Vhindr remarked and took out his phone, “Someone who owed me a favour sent me this program, but I don’t know how to use it, perhaps you might have better luck Tarna. I’m synchronising the file with you know.” 
“Who was this someone?” Kusan asked curiously.
“No one really,” Vhindr replied as he slowly synchronised the file. 
“This is great,” Tarna remarked excitedly, “High end software, but pretty easy to use. Leave it to me, I’ll get those records before we reach Wynrim.” 
“Don’t go hacking anything you want with that Tarna,” Kusan said seriously, “Just get the file, and only ever use it when I tell you to, got it? Otherwise I’ll delete it from your system.”
“Okay,” the computer replied despondently. 
Kusan turned her attention back out the window and to the buildings going by as they drove at top speed through Central.
“It would be good if we could actually get those files,” Kusan said and Vhindr made a sound of agreement. 
The rain made a steady patter against the windshield and through the blurred glass Kusan could see the bridge to the Wynar island quickly approach. Tarna took the car down through the levels of the flight paths and onto the tarmac where they slowed, coming up behind the line of cars waiting to head into Wynrim. 
The landing was rough and the front right end of the car scrapped off the road, startling Kusan from her thoughts. 
“Careful Tarna,” Kusan exclaimed, “Focus on the drive more than the hack. If we don’t get to Wynrim alive the money transfer will be pointless anyway.” 
“Sorry,” the car’s artificial intelligence apologised, “I wasn’t distracted though, the front right vent is malfunctioning due to the damage it took earlier today when you were driving detective.” 
“What is its current efficiency level?” Kusan asked with concern. 
“Fifty percent.” 
“It’ll be fine,” Kusan dismissed the issue and turned her attention to the guard post they were about to pull into. 
As Kusan wound down the window the rain on the check point roof sounded loudly, causing the Wynar guard to lean close to the car. 
“I’m Kusan, detective first class,” she stated and held up her badge for the guard to scan. “There should be a permit to allow us access.” 
“Yeah, I see it,” the guard mumbled as he looked at the glass computer tablet in his hands. “Head through, but don’t cause any trouble.”
“Thanks,” Kusan replied, “A quick question, if I may. Has a taxi driver by the name of Neppil passed through here recently?”
The guardsman gave her a curious look before he looked to his tablet again and scrolled the digital page that had a list of names on it. 
“Doesn’t look like Neppil has come into Wynrim in over a week,” the guard shrugged. 
“Really?” Kusan frowned, “You’re sure?”
“That’s what the records say,” the Wynar replied flatly, “We’d know if she did detective. Best be about your business now.”
Kusan gave a slight wave before she wound up the window and told Tarna to head off into the rain and Wynrim beyond. Moving onto the island the car once again took to the air and sped through the flight lanes. 
“Not much traffic in here,” Vhindr remarked as he looked out the window curiously. 
“And the air tastes so clean,” Tarna said excitedly. “These flight lanes are so smooth as well, and the magnetic field so supportive. This place is great.” 
“Focus on what you’re doing Tarna,” Kusan said, “Did you get anywhere with the hack?”
“Much better than before,” the computer replied, “I don’t have a name yet, but I traced the account to an address on Riverside Drive.” 
“Really?” Vhindr asked curiously, “Tar’ren’s address is along that road.” 
“That has to be a coincidence,” Kusan shook her head.
“You believe that?” Vhindr turned a serious look to Kusan.
“What? You think Tar’ren hired you to look into his own disappearance?” Kusan scoffed. 
“He did,” Tarna cut in, “The account is belongs to Tar’ren.” 
“What?” Vhindr asked in surprise, “You’re sure it’s not a fake account?”
“Definitely his,” Tarna replied, “This hacking program is top quality.” 
“Perhaps he wanted to disappear like Neppil,” Kusan said thoughtfully, “Perhaps he wanted an investigator outside Wynrim to look into it but never have any way of actually pursuing it.” 
“You’re right the Wynar would have never let me onto Wynrim,” Vhindr nodded in agreement, “Maybe he needed the time to vanish into the streets of Wynrim and needed Neppil to get him off the island.” 
“But why?” Kusan wondered, “Do you think they are working with the rebels?” 
“That would be the most obvious reason,” Vhindr replied seriously, “Tar’ren was a laboratory technician so his knowledge would be valuable to the rebels.”
“What about Neppil?” Tarna asked in confusion, “Why did she need to disappear?” 
“Likely she was working for the rebels all along,” Kusan answered, “But, this would mean that both of them intentionally dumped their severed limbs into the river in hope that they would wash ashore and make it look like they were both dead.”
“Which is why Neppil would have used a fake licence and identification to get onto the island this evening,” Vhindr said and they both exchanged a subtle nod in agreement. 
“Do you think they plan to destroy something?” Tarna wondered, “Like they did that factory earlier today?”
“It is possible,” Kusan replied gravely. “But firstly we need to locate Neppil. We should go to Tar’ren’s apartment. Maybe we could find some trace as to where he went and where he plans on meeting Neppil.”
“The Wynar detectives would have already found everything when they took over the case,” Vhindr shook his head. 
“But then it was thought Tar’ren was dead,” Kusan was quick to say, “Now we know he is alive we’ll be looking at the case from a different perspective.” 
“I suppose,” Vhindr replied slowly, “I doubt we will find anything though. Wouldn’t it be easier to find Neppil, we know what she looks like, and we know she is driving a taxi in Wynrim.”
“Good thinking,” Kusan agreed, “Tarna get on that.”
“What? You want me to do it?” the car exclaimed.
“You’re the one who wanted to do some hacking,” Kusan replied, “So hack into the surveillance cameras on Wynrim and cross reference Neppil’s facial data with every cab driver on the island.” 
“Okay,” Tarna agreed, “That sounds like fun.”
“Good, get to it,” Kusan smiled slightly, “I’ll drive.” 
“But detective, remember what happened last time,” Tarna was quick to say.
“Stop worrying so much,” Kusan dismissed the concern and took control of the wheel. “Bring Tar’ren’s address onto the navigation screen.” 
The windscreen wipers started automatically, pushing aside the rain as quickly as it fell, and allowing Kusan to see clearly the road ahead. With a twist of the wheel Kusan guided the car down through the levels and closer to the ground. No smog layer greeted her and whatever pollution that was emitted was sucked into large vents at the base of some buildings.
It was an unusual feeling for her, and Kusan could not help but look about at the clean streets and roads with curiosity and envy. Steering the car onto one of the many tiered roads the front end again scrapped the tarmac, making her wince and quickly correct the car’s movement. 
“This is it,” Vhindr remarked and pointed to a humanity terrace off the road. 
Kusan was quick to take the off ramp that led onto the terrace and sped down the cul-de-sac before sliding to a stop before a short flight of stairs leading into an apartment building. 
As soon as the car stopped she and Vhindr jumped from the vehicle and hurried through the downpour into the building. Leaving behind wet footprints that glistened in the lights Kusan headed for the central elevator and with Vhindr they headed down a few levels. 
The lift doors opened smoothly and Kusan’s eyes gazed down the corridor in search of the correct number. The passageways were brightly lit and Kusan quick stepped around a service android as she came around the corner. 
“I’m sorry,” the maid apologised sweetly as it quickly moved out of the way, but Kusan ignored the android and continued down the hall.
“Here we are,” Kusan remarked as they came upon an apartment that had holographic police warnings drifting across the doorframe. 
It was locked, but with a swipe of her police identification the access pad made a sound and the door swung silently inwards. Leading the way Kusan moved through the holographic projection and into the large room, the lights came on automatically and she sighed with disappointment. 
“It’s been cleaned out already,” Vhindr remarked with annoyance in his voice. 
“I guess the Wynar wanted to conclude this case quickly once they took over,” Kusan remarked as she wandered around the large kitchen and living room.
Kusan’s eyes carefully darted around the room searching for some kind of indication that a person had been living here, but there was nothing. No scuffs on the walls, no marks on the tiles or floorboards, even the cupboards were completely bare and seeming as if they were bought and installed yesterday. 
“There are no personal items left,” Vhindr said with a shake of his head once he glanced into the bedroom. “We won’t find anything here.” 
“You’re right,” Kusan grumbled, “Damn it. I hope Tarna has had better luck.”  
Irritably Kusan strode from the apartment and with Vhindr right beside her she closed the door with a bang that echoed along the empty corridor. Even the maid android did not register the noise as she continued about her programmed duties, and again apologised for being in the way as Kusan and Vhindr moved past. 
Outside, Kusan quickly raced through the heavy rain and back into the car where she let out a deep breath and ran a hand through her hair. 
“You don’t seem happy,” Tarna replied joyfully.
“I’m not,” Kusan replied as she looked back to the entrance to the apartment building. “The Wynar detectives had cleaned the place out already. How’d you go? Find Neppil yet?”
“I think so,” Tarna replied, “I got a ninety percent likeness to Neppil on a female taxi driver along Dawn Cast drive five minutes ago.”
“Let’s go,” Kusan was quick to say and as Vhindr pulled on his safety belt she spun the car about and sped from the complex. “I hope you’re tracking that taxi Tarna.” 
“Of course,” the computer replied, “I’ll put it on the navigation screen now. There’s something else too, but don’t get mad at me.”
“What is it?”
“I might have looked into the Wynar investigation database,” Tarna replied sheepishly, “They didn’t detect me though.” 
“What did I say Tarna?” Kusan grumbled.
“I know, I’m sorry,” Tarna cried, “It’s just I found some data on Tar’ren and Neppil that is important.” 
“What?” Kusan demanded as she weaved through the traffic.
“The Wynar know everything pertaining to your investigations into Neppil,” Tarna explained, “They also know she is on Wynrim somewhere and likely plotting a terrorist action.” 
“Now how’d they get that?” Vhindr wondered curiously. 
“There was evidence to suggest they have been monitoring the Central police precinct for some time,” Tarna continued, “Through a hacking program similar to mine.” 
“They’ve been spying on us?” Kusan frowned and angrily swerved around another motorist.
“So the Wynar are closing in on Neppil as well,” Vhindr stated, “Do they know about Tar’ren as well?”
“It looks like their official report states that they believe Tar’ren to be dead,” Tarna replied, “I can have a look a bit deeper. Wait. No, they’re on to me.”
“What?” Kusan exclaimed, taking her eyes off the road, “Sever the connection quickly Tarna.” 
The computer was silent and Kusan exchanged a worried look with Vhindr. The engine suddenly cut out and Kusan could feel the car begin to nose dive towards the ground. But just as abruptly it started back up again and automatically corrected its flight. 
“Tarna?” Kusan asked, concern creeping into her voice.
“That was a close one,” Tarna exclaimed and made a small laugh. “Their security barriers suddenly came out of nowhere.”
“Did you find out anything else?” inquired Vhindr.
“Nope.”
“Alright,” Kusan breathed a bit easier, “But stay out of their system for a little while. Continue to track Neppil through a different channel, use my detective clearance.”
“I’m on it,” Tarna said happily.
“If the Wynar are monitoring Central police then they will know about the trace,” Vhindr remarked seriously.
“I know,” Kusan said, her expression stern, “We’ll just have to get to her before they do.” 
Kusan increased the speed she was driving at and darted down under the traffic level, overtaking several other cars before coming back up into the lane. 
“Detective,” Tarna spoke up, “I found Neppil. Here she is.”
Kusan glanced from the path ahead to the navigation screen and smiled slightly as she looked back to the road, they were not that far away and with any luck they would beat the Wynar to apprehend her. 
“She has stopped at ground level,” Vhindr remarked as Kusan dived down through the traffic levels.
Cutting the corner of the flight path Kusan steered the car over the top of pedestrian walkways, making the occupants duck in surprise as they sped back into the traffic lanes. Turning off the main road Kusan carefully veered through the buildings, flying just above the ground level road that only had a few vehicles on it. 
Glancing to the navigation screen Kusan eased her foot off the accelerator and slowed the car down to the normal speed before merging onto the road below. Glancing around the area she noted the surprising lack of street lights in this area of Wynrim and the empty streets.
“What is she doing here?” Kusan wondered aloud as she slowed the car right down.
Turning the headlights off as she crept along the road to the edge of the street so they could peer around the corner and down the road. 
“Maybe she is meeting someone,” Vhindr offered.
Kusan nodded slightly and she spotted Neppil’s taxi parked hallway down the street under a street light. The pale glow of the lantern made the yellow paint of the car shine brightly in the rain, making the shadows appear darker than they should. 
“It seems that even Wynrim has a bad side of town,” Kusan remarked absently as they waited. 
Minutes slipped by and Kusan began to tap the steering wheel impatiently as she glanced in the rear view mirror and out the windows. All was dark with only a few street lights and pale lights filtering out from the buildings. An occasional flash of lightning overhead illuminated the shadows briefly and all was quiet apart from the steady drum of rain on the roof of the car. 
“Look,” Vhindr spoke up as a cloaked figure moved out from the shadows and to the passenger side door. 
“It’s Tar’ren,” Tarna said, “Facial match, ninety-eight percent probability.”
“So he is alive,” Kusan remarked as she narrowed her eyes at the shadowy figure who was glancing up and down the street cautiously. 
The man seemed to pause as he looked their way before he quickly opened the door of the taxi and jumped in. 
“Damn it, he saw us,” Kusan cursed as she fired up the engine and took up pursuit of the vehicle. 
Chapter Nine

The car roared loudly and puddles were vaporised as Kusan pushed the accelerator to the floor and took off at full speed. Clenching her jaw she could see that Neppil’s taxi had already taken to the sky and was rapidly heading upwards and towards the main roads. 
“Don’t lose them Tarna,” Kusan commanded as she steered her car towards the rain clouds. 
With the police lights and sirens blaring Kusan weaved upwards through the flight levels, narrowly missing several other vehicles before evening out on the top level close behind the taxi. 
“What’s going on Tarna?” Kusan asked seriously, “We aren’t making much ground.” 
“The damaged front vent is draining the engine too much,” the computer replied. 
“Reroute the output and open the glide flaps,” Kusan told Tarna, her eyes fixed on the back of the yellow taxi ahead of them. 
“Roger.”
“Where are they running to?” Vhindr wondered aloud, “There’s only one way off the island and the Wynar will have that blacked off by now.” 
“Maybe they plan on doing a suicide bombing,” Kusan replied seriously.
The flashing red light on the dial behind the steering wheel caught Kusan’s attention and she cursed quietly. 
“Tarna, what’s going on with my car?” Kusan asked. 
“The rerouting is not going to work,” Tarna said, her voice full of worry.
“Then we have to open that vent somehow.” Kusan muttered before glancing around the cabin and to the back seat. “Tarna take control.”
Without waiting for a reply Kusan let go of the wheel and wound down the window. Wind and rain whistled in, stinging her check and making the back seat all wet. Releasing her safety belt Kusan leaned out the window.
“Are you insane?” Vhindr called out, “What do you plan to do?”
“Just get ready to pull me back up,” Kusan replied simply, “And Tarna, find us some open air.”
With that being said Kusan climbed out the window so that she was sitting on the door. The wind and water stung her eyes and skin, but she gritted her teeth determinedly when she noticed the taxi still several car lengths ahead of them. Taking a deep breath Kusan hooked her foot inside the door and released her hand hold so that she fell backwards from the window.
Hanging upside-down she could see underneath the car and the damaged flaps of the front right vent. With one hand she took her baton from her belt and extended it to its full length as she tried to pull herself closer to the vent with the other hand. The baton was just long enough and with some wild swings she managed to connect with the metal flaps, trying to knock them away from the opening. 
In a couple of swings it was almost done, but as she tried one last sweep she suddenly felt herself go light as her foot lost its hold and released her legs out of the window. Fortunately her prosthetic hand kept its hold on the door and she desperately clamped down, creasing the metal of the car and securing her grip as she dangled in the open night sky. 
“I have you,” Vhindr cried out through the window as he grabbed hold of her arm, “Come on, I’ll pull you in.”
“Just a second,” Kusan called back and with a better angle on the damaged vent she knocked open the flaps, allowing the outlet to once again work at full capacity. 
With a satisfied smiled she put away her baton and took Vhindr’s helping hand back into the safety of the cabin. 
“You’re mad,” Vhindr shook his head in bewilderment. “If not for your prosthetic arm you would have surely fallen.”
“Cybernetics have their uses,” Kusan chuckled back, “Thanks for the help. Tarna the vent should be back at full capacity.” 
“It’s at ninety-seven percent,” Tarna replied.
“Good enough,” Kusan said and took a deep breath, “Let’s go.”
“Did you have to ruin my door though,” Tarna remarked unhappily, “You can’t wind the window up now so all my upholstery is going to get wet and mouldy.” 
“We’ll fix it later,” Kusan said absently as she unleashed the power of her car and rapidly closed the distance to the fleeing taxi. 
As they neared within a car length the taxi took a sudden dive downwards through the traffic levels towards the ground. Kusan was quick to follow, twisting through the air and racing down in a spiral and avoiding the other cars. Halfway down the taxi evened out and darted into to the emergency lane between the levels, looking to try and outpace Kusan. 
But even at ninety-seven percent capacity Kusan’s police issue vehicle easily closed the distance. A smile crept to her face as Kusan lightly tapped the rear bumper of the taxi, making it swerve uneasily before straightening up again. 
“They’re not going to stop,” Vhindr remarked stiffly as he clutched the door handle.
Just then the passenger window of the taxi slid down and Tar’ren leaned out, pointing something in their direction. The object in his hand flashed brightly before three metal darts thundered into the bonnet and windshield, making Kusan flinch and veer to the side. 
“No, my bonnet,” Tarna wailed, “My windscreen.” 
Tar’ren fired his weapon again, but this time Kusan was ready and she quickly rolled to the side, collecting only one dart in the passenger side mirror. Gritting her teeth Kusan steered the car further to the side and moved up on the driver’s side of the taxi as they sped around a corner towards the bridge to Central. 
The flashing of lights ahead caught Kusan’s attention and her eyes widened as she saw the blockade of cars, all with the symbol of the Wynar detective squad on them. 
“There’s no way through there,” Vhindr stated, “They will have to surrender.” 
Even as Vhindr spoke the words the taxi veered towards them and flipped through the air right over them before taking off down another path. Kusan was quick to follow suit, crashing through several street lights in the process. 
Behind the taxi again they chased it through the twisting street towards the south of the island. Again Tar’ren fired his weapon towards them, but this time Kusan was not as ready and several projectiles slammed into the side of the car and the windscreen again, sending large cracks across the glass surface. 
“Damn, she’s a good driver,” Kusan muttered as she closed the distance on the taxi and again fly up along the driver’s side to avoid being fired upon. 
“What’s the plan?” Vhindr started to ask, but his window suddenly shattered as one of the metal darts whistled in and thudded into the head rest beside his ear. 
“Quick, you drive,” Kusan said and without waiting for his reply she climbed out the window again. “Get above them.”
One hand clutched onto the door frame she edged onto the bonnet, keeping low and shielding her face from the biting force of the wind. Looking to Vhindr she gave the man a nod and he hesitantly steered the car higher than the taxi at the same time keeping up with the turns in the road. Several times Kusan nearly lost her balance and her prosthetic hand crumpled the steel of the car once again. 
The flight level evened out then and with another nod to Vhindr she took her opportunity. Darting across the bonnet she lunged through the air and towards the taxi roof. Barely able to keep her eyes open against the wind Kusan reached out and braced herself for the impact. At the last second the taxi veered away and Kusan’s heart seemed to stop in her chest. Desperately she reached out with her prosthetic hand as the air opened up before her. 
Something hit her hand and she grabbed hold as hard as she could. Looking up she breathed easier seeing she had grabbed hold of the back door, shattering the window in the process. The vehicle seemed to wobble under her sudden weight and it veered to the right making Kusan miss her hold as she tried to grab on with her other hand. 
As the car straightened back up she managed to find a hold with her other hand and she pulled herself up to the window. Kusan’s eyes widened as she looked inside to see Tar’ren level his weapon in her direction. Desperately she dropped away from the open window as several darts shot by her head and into the door. There were a few more noises as more darts struck the inside of the door in front of her face. 
Wondering what to do Kusan looked to Vhindr who was flying just above and behind the taxi, watching her closely. Flashes of lights further behind them caught her attention as the vehicles of the Wynar detectives raced to catch up. 
“What are you two doing?” Kusan wondered aloud, “You have nowhere to go.” 
Turning her eyes to the road ahead she quickly reassessed her own statement. 
“The MWC bridge?” Kusan balked squinting through the rain, “You’ve got to be kidding.” 
Shaking her head Kusan’s mouth fell open as she saw the large bridge reaching across from Central to Metropolis, the lights along its metal frame shining through the rain and darkness. To her disbelief Neppil was driving the taxi directly towards the bridge even though it did not connect to Wynrim and there was a great deal of open air with no magnetic field between the Wynrim wall and the tarmac of the bridge.
Desperately Kusan pulled herself up to the window again, she knew that she was the only one that could stop this suicidal jump. 
“Stop this,” Kusan cried out as she hooked her arm through the window.
Again Tar’ren fired the metal projectiles at her, just managing to get her head below the door Kusan felt the darts stab into her prosthetic arm, making her hand hold feel suddenly tentative. 
Angrily she gritted her teeth and with a powerful twist of her body she kicked out at the driver’s window. Glass shattered as her foot went right through the window and connected solidly with something. Kusan thought she heard someone cry out as the taxi swerved down to the left, spinning out of control and thundering into the side of building. The impact almost threw her from the side, but somehow she managed to keep a hold as the car spiralled towards the ground, clipping another building before crashing into the highest tier of tarmac roads. 
Before they hit the ground Kusan jumped from the tumbling car and onto the road several meters from the crash. Somehow she managed to land on her feet, but she felt her footing giver way the moment she landed. There was a loud snapping sound as one of her prosthetic knees buckled under the weight of the fall. With a cry she collapsed and slid across the wet road. 
Wincing away the pain Kusan looked up in time to see both Tar’ren and Neppil extract themselves from the crashed taxi and arm in arm they limped towards her and away from the Wynar vehicles that were starting to land around them. A bright light from a car above lit up the darkness, focusing on the two fugitives as they glanced through the rain, desperately looking for a way to escape. 
Wynar soldiers and guardsmen appeared from the darkness, their own firing weapons pointed towards Tar’ren and Neppil as they shouted for them to surrender. 
Propping herself up on the railing of the road she looked in confusion at the scene, at the desperation in the faces and eyes of Tar’ren and Neppil, something was wrong. 
Kusan’s eyes narrowed as Tar’ren and Neppil turned to each other, their eyes filled with tears. The Wynar edged closer, still shouting for the fugitives to surrender and their fingers eager to fire their weapons. 
But Tar’ren refused to drop his weapon and instead he held Neppil close before he raised his weapon to his own head and squeezed the trigger. Kusan gasped in shock as the metal dart exploded through Tar’ren’s head and out the side of Neppil’s temple. The two collapsed to the ground, still holding each other close, and the Wynar exchanged bewildered expressions. 
Kusan stood frozen against the railing, her mouth still agape and the rain saturating her hair and clothes. Suddenly she realised she had been holding her breath and as she let it out she collapsed to the ground, her back against the cold concrete rail, and stared absently at her broken leg. 
“Looks like we had it all wrong,” Vhindr’s voice pulled Kusan from her thoughts and she looked up through the rain to see Vhindr looking sadly towards the scene. 
“A Wynar and a common human can never be together,” Kusan remarked as she looked back down to her torn leg. 
“Love conquers all,” Vhindr replied, “They must have reached out to the rebel for help before faking their own deaths.” 
“They might have gotten out if we had not stopped them,” Kusan said and she let out a deep breath. 
“Come on, let’s get out of here,” Vhindr said, causing Kusan to look up to his helping hand. “Leave this mess for the Wynar to sort out.” 
Kusan accepted the help to her feet and as she hopped on one leg with her arm around Vhindr’s shoulders they started to head for the car. 
“Hold up,” a Wynar called out as he approached them from the scene, “You’re the two detectives who have been following this case?”
“That’s right,” Kusan nodded as she eyed the man suspiciously. 
“Good work,” the man said seriously, “You helped stop a major terrorist plot.” 
“Terrorist plot?” Vhindr asked in surprise. 
“That’s the official report on this matter,” the man replied and glanced back over his shoulder before letting out a deep breath, “I trust the both of you will know what will happen if you go about saying something different.” 
“The truth you mean,” Kusan snapped, and the Wynar looked at her despondently. 
“Yeah, the truth,” the Wynar detective wiped back his wet hair from his face and looked back to the bodies, “We’ll take it from here.” 
Kusan said no more as Vhindr helped back to the car, but her eyes lingered on the two bodies lying in the middle of the road, holding each other close as their blood was slowly being washed away by the rain.
“Detective, are you alright?” Tarna asked with concern as she sat down in the driver’s seat. 
“I’ll be alright,” Kusan replied, her eyes going back to the bodies of Neppil and Tar’ren.
“You don’t look too good,” Tarna continued, “Are you sure you’ll be alright.”
“I’m fine.” Kusan said more forcefully as Vhindr got in, “Just take me to the hospital would you.” 
Tarna did not say anything more and slowly the car pulled away from the scene and headed away from the flashing lights of the Wynar vehicles and back towards the bridge to Central. 
Kusan stared absently out the window, watching the bright lights flash bay but not seeing any of them. The rain continued to spray in through the open window, occasionally stinging her cheek and making the back seats sodden. 
The hour was fairly later now and Kusan could see that the bulk of the storm had gone out to sea, leaving behind a steady downfall in its wake. The traffic was lighter at this time of night and Tarna steered the car easily along the flight paths of Central, speeding quickly towards the hospital in Bayside. 
“You were right Vhindr,” Kusan remarked quietly, still staring out the window. “We should have let this case go.” 
“No, you made the right decision,” Vhindr replied, drawing her eyes to his, “We could not have known the real reason for Neppil and Tar’ren’s actions.”
“Why didn’t Bagra say anything at the arcade?” Kusan wondered irritably. “Instead he fried his own brain and now two innocent people are dead.” 
“Wasn’t that guy part of the rebellion?” Tarna asked curiously.
“Yes,” replied Vhindr, “I guess they prefer to kill themselves instead of being captured.”
“But he could have saved Neppil and Tar’ren if he had just said something,” Kusan exclaimed, and sighed heavily again before looking back out the window. 
“In my experience, thinking about the things I could have done, or should have done has only succeeded in making one depressed,” Vhindr remarked quietly, his eyes still watching the buildings go past. “It’s best to just accept what has happened and move on.”
“And forget about it?” Kusan asked.
“No,” Vhindr was quick to say, “But don’t dwell on it, just do better next time.” 
Kusan regarded Vhindr curiously for a few seconds before she turned back to the road ahead of them. As she thought about his words Kusan felt a bit better and nodded to herself, a feeling of resolve building within her.
“I will be better,” Kusan mumbled to herself, her eyes filled with determination. 
Epilogue

Kusan quietly stared out the window at the grey morning across the bay. The skies were pale and the giant buildings stood like hollow shells. She had gotten little sleep that night, with her damaged leg making it uncomfortable as it was being repaired. Her eyes were heavy and her mind dull as she sat slumped back in her bed listening to the repairing machine click away at her leg. The rest of the hospital was fairly quiet at this hour, with most patients asleep. But through the still silence Kusan could hear the distant sound of a television, and with her acute hearing she could listen to the early news reports if she wished. 
“A daring car chase through Wynrim ended in the deaths of two fugitives,” the news reader caught Kusan’s attention. “The two have now been identified as members of the rebellion and, according to the Wynar investigators, were planning a terrorist action against the HQ building and steward Ly’cin himself. As of yet the Wynar have not released the identification of the two who died, but they have made expressed gratitude to the Central police precinct and their help in the matter.” 
Kusan reduced the sensitivity of her hearing with a thought and the rest of the report faded into the distance. Closing her eyes Kusan let out a deep breath and tried to relax her mind and find some sleep. The feint hum of the air conditioning slowly drew her into a sleep like state and he breathing became deep and steady. 
Sucking in a breath Kusan’s eyes popped open as a loud buzzing noise invaded her peace. Taking a deep breath Kusan reached to the table beside her bed and picked up her phone which vibrated again in her hand before she flipped it open and answered the call. 
“Chief?” Kusan said quietly as she closed her eyes again and rested back into the soft pillow. 
“I’m starting to think you live at the damn hospital,” the Chief grumbled.
“Just like you live at the office,” Kusan was quick to say, drawing a chuckle from the older man. 
“You see the morning news?”
“What about it?”
“The Wynar are thrilled over how you and Varrintine handled the situation,” the Chief replied happily, “Sent me recommendations for the both of you. How does it feel to applauded by the Wynar?” 
“How should I feel?” Kusan asked in reply.
“You should at least be happy,” the Chief scoffed.
“You know it wasn’t really a terrorist attack by the rebels, right?” Kusan asked seriously. 
“Yeah, I know,” replied the older man said grimly, “What’s do is done, and you did your best.” 
Kusan smiled slightly, “Did you just ring me to give me all these accolades?”
“Hardly,” snorted the Chief, “You looked at those recruit files yet?”
“What do you think?” sighed Kusan irritably. 
“Watch your tone detective,” the Chief was quick to say, “You got time now so do it, and bear in mind you won’t be getting any more cases until you have a new partner.”
 “Are you serious?” Kusan sat up in her bed.
“Yeah, so you’d better get to it.”
Kusan sighed heavily and slumped back to her pillow. 
“What about Vhindr Varrintine?” Kusan asked, “Can you get him to be my new partner?” 
“You haven’t even looked through the files I gave you, have you?” the Chief grumbled and hung up the phone. 
Kusan slowly lowered her phone and stared thoughtfully at the screen, hesitantly she opened the file the Chief had sent her that contained the recruits for selection. They were arranged alphabetically so Kusan quickly navigated to the end of the list. A slight smile came to her face as she read the name of the last nominee and with a slight laugh she closed her phone and turned her gaze back out the window. The morning had brightened up and the buildings shone like fire in the sunrise.
