
Cry of the Eagle Spirits
Volume III
The Chronicles of Heaven’s War
Book VI

Ava. D. Dohn
Copyright 2020

Published by Ava D. Dohn at Smashwords

This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only.  This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people.  If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient.  If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy.
Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.

Table of Contents:

Section 36…What Price Atlantis?  The Blood of Men and Gods
Section 37…Touching the Eyeball of God
Section 38…Winnowing the Sheaves
Section 39…Order of the Swan
Section 40…Cleanse Me of My Wretchedness

*    *    *

Section 36

What Price Atlantis?
The Blood of Men and Gods


With muffled oars, the wary crew silently rowed toward a tiny flame dancing in the darkness. Blazing fires in Carthage cast an eerie glow across rippling waters in the small bay, illuminating the scow in a ghostly, red light.  The city was dying…one street, one house at a time.  Romans had breached the city walls and were now fighting their way toward the city’s center.
Prince Hiram Hailsalie gripped his wife’s hand as he peered over the boat’s gunnels, watching as the home of his birth was consumed in flames.  Turning his attention toward the tiny light near the harbor entrance, in little above a whisper, he asked one of the boat’s crew, “What good does our escape from the city do?  Enemy galleys lie just beyond the breakwater, their numbers to be counted in the hundreds.  What chance do any of us have of escape?!”
The boatman quietly answered, “Do not fear, my Lord.  We sailed past them last midnight morning and shall do the same this eve.”
“Impossible!” Hiram exclaimed in an excited hush.  “No ship could slip past the Roman patrols into these waters, unseen.  I, for one, watched this bay for the entire day while hiding with my family in the rocky crags above here.  I saw no rescue ship waiting to save us.  If it were not for your captain and you fellows, I would have long ago surrendered to the Romans, hoping on their mercy.”
The boatman grinned, “Not all things are as they appear.  Are we real men or apparitions appeared from the Abyss?  How, may I ask, did our arrival come about if no transport was available to us?  Romans we are not, I assure you, but here we are to deliver you despite your enemy’s presence beyond this bay.”
“My enemy?”  Hiram asked, bewildered.  “Are not the Romans your enemy also?”
The captain of the rescue party slid up beside Hiram, resting a hand on his shoulder.  “No, my friend, the Romans are no more our enemy than the Carthaginians our allies.  Our warring is against the forces of the underworld that keep your kind enslaved in ignorance and fear.  The necromancers of darkness are our mortal enemy, shape-shifters of evil and deceit they are.  Ever do we chase their wicked spawn across these worlds of abomination.”
Hiram’s face paled, but before he could make a reply, one of the boatmen motioned the captain, pointing off toward the harbor entrance.  Instantly, two other boatmen pulled away their cloaks, holding up to their faces strange-appearing, stick-like objects, looking through some kind of a tube attached to the top.  Finally, one of the boatmen whispered, “It a Roman war party.  They’re searching for something in the water, but what, I don’t know.”
The other boatman, holding a similar stick to his face, suddenly spoke up.  “It’s a small craft, a raft maybe, with several people huddled on it.  Two men I see, along with three women and a half dozen children.  Looks to be people from the city trying to make escape.”
Searching in the direction that the boatmen were pointing their sticks, Hiram exclaimed, perplexed, “Shadows are all a man can see in this darkness.  What witchery is this that allows a man to see into the blackness?”
The captain answered quietly, “Witchery?  No, just the inventions of your ancestors from ages past.”
Still following activities aboard the Roman boat, the first boatman spoke up.  “I think they’ve spotted them.  They’re taking to the oar.”
Hiram cried, gripping the captain’s arm, “They’ll slaughter them just like they are doing to those in the city!  Is there nothing your magic can do to save them?!”
The captain shrugged.  “Even if we rescued them now, it would only be to postpone their death.  Tomorrow’s light will betray all men of the city to the Roman sword.  There is no place of escape for them.”
Squeezing the captain’s arm in desperation, Hiram begged, “What of you…of us…?!  Is it such a large group of people that they cannot escape in your ship along with my family?”
The captain calmly replied, “You do not understand a thing.  So much room we do have, and already you tax us with so many of your household and extreme baggage.  Besides, we were sent to deliver you and your family, not to save the other hapless souls of Carthage.”
Hiram shook the captain.  “Curse my baggage!  Throw it away!  Are not the lives of those people worth many treasures?!”
The captain stared at Hiram in astonished amusement, finally replying, “If that’s what you wish…fool giving up his riches for the souls of strangers…it’s fine with me.”
Quietly speaking to a boatman further forward, the captain issued some commands in a strange and peculiar language.  The man acknowledged the captain in the same language then turned and began speaking into a box he was holding in his lap.  The distant, guiding light instantly disappeared, followed by a quiet, gurgling noise coming from that direction.

At the same time those in the scow heard it, soldiers aboard the Roman boat did, too, lifting their oars, listening.  Everything fell dead-silent.  The Roman officer ordered his boatmen to stop rowing.  Leaning over the gunnels while hanging on to the spar’s rigging, he strained his ears for any more of the strange, gurgling sounding from the darkness.  He was about to call his men to pick up pursuit when one of the crew shouted, pointing.  The officer turned to see what appeared to be several glowing eyes under the water, rapidly approaching.  Before he could cry out, a shudder ran down the boat followed by a sudden jolt, lifting the bow while throwing the officer back into the boat.
Scrambling to his feet, the officer watched helplessly as the bow of his boat lifted slowly into the air as a giant sea monster rose from the depths.  Two bowmen aboard the boat shot arrows at the monster’s eyes, only to see them ricochet away with a crack! and twang!
Screaming at the top of his lungs, the officer ordered the boatmen to pull hard at the oars in a frantic attempt to escape certain death.  As the boat slowly began to slide off the monster’s back, the beast cried out with the most mournful of angry wails.  While the beast continued to bellow, apparently in pain from the archer’s arrows, the officer was down beside an oarsman, pulling on the oar with all his might to escape the beast, screaming for the others to do the same.
Finally, frantic relief!  The boat slid off the beast and into the water.  “Put your backs into it!” the panicking officer shouted, not bothering to give attention to the direction they were headed until they reached deeper water, beyond the break wall.  After turning about, the officer wasted no time hoisting the boat’s sail to catch a shore breeze for the nearest of the Roman patrol ships beyond the harbor, all the while keeping oars in the water for speed.

Hiram’s hands shook uncontrollably as he stared in disbelief at the monster rising from the depths.  “What of the gods!” he cried.
The captain slapped him on the shoulder, laughing, “No…no, my friend, just the magic of men.  Now let’s go pick up our passengers.”
The scow slowly turned to the starboard, quietly sliding through the water toward the people huddled on the raft.  After rescuing the people, the captain ordered his crew to row for the now silent sea monster, its glowing eyes staring out across the harbor toward them.  The captain cautioned a very excited Hiram, “We are overloaded even now.  Should we find any other helpless escapees, we must leave them.”
Hiram dumbly nodded as he watched the scow approaching the giant behemoth.  When they got to within about bowshot of the beast, someone standing on its back heralded the crew, speaking in the same strange language the captain had earlier used.  The men raised their oars high before placing them in the boat.  As the scow continued to drift toward the sea monster, someone aboard the beast threw a line to a sailor in the bow who grabbed up a boat hook as the small ship came alongside, catching it fast to an eyelet protruding from the beast’s back.
The captain called out to the crew to make fast the lines and then turned to Hiram.  “My friend, your ship awaits you.  Allow me to assist you aboard.”
Although filled with trepidation, Hiram quietly obeyed.  He soon found himself standing upon the back of this fearsome beast, waiting to enter its belly through an opened hatch above the animal’s burning eyes, the man cautiously staring down into its depths.  After nervously climbing down a narrow ladder to a small room filled with levers, wheels, and countless little lights, Hiram was directed through a narrow door into another small room with yet another door that entered into still another small room beyond.  One after another, the refugees from Carthage made their way down the ladder into the room below, and then were ushered into that same chamber with Hiram.
Finally, the captain of the scow made his way down the ladder, calling up to the remaining boat crew to hurry things along and then cast off the lines to make way.  There was a flurry of activity as men scurried about in the small rooms, some of them rushing back and forth past the Carthaginians crammed into the little chamber.  Sailors, many stripped to the waist, both men and women, hurried to duty stations, waiting further direction.
While these events were unfolding, sailors from the scow were busy unloading what baggage could be taken aboard, stowing it in a room forward of the space where Hiram and the others waited.  Finally, the sailor who stood in the bow of the boat stepped through the hatch, quickly closing it behind him.
The captain rested a hand on the polished metal ladder as he issued directions to the crew in the same language they had been using as he and the others boarded this strangest of all ships Hiram had ever seen.  Then came that same gurgling noise earlier heard when aboard the scow, followed by a tiny jolt and the feeling of movement.  The floor began to tilt toward the room with the ladder.  A woman sitting in front of a box that glowed green continued to call out to the captain, the man occasionally speaking to other sailors in the room who would pull or push on levers while another would rotate a large wheel this way and that.
Hiram stepped into the passageway in an attempt to see more of what was going on.  The captain turned to see him, smiling.  He spoke up again to the woman at the green, glowing box, the woman replying this time in the language of the Carthaginians.  “We’re clearing the harbor mouth and entering deeper water.  Bottom is about thirty fathoms and dropping.”
The captain directed the man handling the levers, “Take us down to ten fathoms until we have passed north of the point.  When we reach the channel, bring us to thirty fathoms and maintain that depth.”
“Yes captain…ten fathoms,” the sailor replied.  A moment later, he confirmed, “Ten fathoms!”
The captain acknowledged the sailor and then spoke again to the woman with the green, lighted box.  “Call out when we have passed the point and are in the channel.”
“Aye, Captain, will do,” the woman answered, keeping her eyes fixed on the glowing lights.
Speaking to another woman standing beside him, the captain told her to take the bridge then made his way over to and through the tiny door and into the chamber where Hiram and the others were.  Looking up into faces filled with dread and confusion, he smiled, waving a hand in salutation.  “Welcome aboard our little submarine boat, Corith.   I’m Baalath, headman over the crew of this ship.”
Hiram spoke up, excitement of the moment growing in his voice.  “How do you expect to make escape from here?!  There must be a least a hundred Roman war galleys between here and the point.  The glowing eyes of your whatever this is will be seen for miles.  We have no chance of escape whatsoever!”
Baalath nodded.  “Yes, well over one hundred there are, to be sure.  Still, we have nothing to fear from them, lest they might be holed and sink upon us.”
“What?!”  Hiram cried, confused.
“Yes, my friend,” Baalath calmly answered, “those eyes you speak of are lamps, you might say, and we have shut them off and are now running dark beneath the Roman fleet.”
A collective gasp filled the room, Hiram clutching his chest.  Baalath grinned, explaining, “Right now we are sailing ten fathoms beneath the surface of the waters.  That’s about forty short cubits.  The Romans do not know we are even here, and I intend to keep it that way.”
Before anyone could speak, Baalath slapped Hiram on the shoulder.  “I’m sorry to have to offer you such cramped accommodations, but it was best that could be done under the circumstances.  We needed a small boat to enter these waters because of the shallows and shoals we were forced to navigate to attain your rescue.  In two days’ time, we will pass the Pillars of Hercules.  Shortly thereafter, we plan to rendezvous with AssuanSyeneIII.  It’s a far bigger submarine boat.  Its Headman…‘captain’ as you would call him…is RaeTomassie, chieftain over the Atlantean Phoenician Trade Guild.  With him, you will continue your journey.”
A quiet mumbling arose among the people in the room.  Baalath lifted his hand.  “Please.  Please be patient and all your questions will be answered.”
The man rescued from the raft exclaimed, “The Pillars of Hercules are over 600 hundred leagues from here and you say we will pass them in two days’ time.  What kind of witchery carries us along at the speed of a racing horse?”

(Author’s note… A Roman league equals 1.4 post-Elizabethan miles)

Baalath tipped his head toward the man.  “I’m sorry,” he motioned toward Hiram and the others with him, “these people I know, but your acquaintance I have not had the pleasure to make.  Are these women your wives or servants, and the children with them yours?”
Nervously, the man extended his hand in greeting.  “BacallJermanis I am, a smithy in gold and silver.  No wife do I have, for she died of the sickness six months ago.  This woman is my widowed sister, Hermafriddies, and the children hers.  These two women are Jemailieo and Kildrena, street women who have frequented my company from time to time.  They are good people, helping my sister and me make escape from the city.”
Baalath grinned, taking a quick glance at the women.  “They are comely, I assure you, as is also your sister.  It is a pleasure to meet you.”  He pointed toward Hiram.  “This man, you need to thank.  If not for his persistence, you would have been abandoned to the Roman fates.”
Bacall bowed low, thanking Hiram.
Baalath went on.  “As for your question… Witchery this is not, unless you consider the contrivances of man witchery.  A machine of the elements this boat is, designed from the wisdom of hidden knowledge, but not witchery and yes, very fast it is and dangerous, too.  We fear no enemy that rides the waves above us, our weapons much more powerful than any of theirs.”
Hiram asked, “If that is so, why did you allow the Roman boatmen to live?”
Baalath quietly answered, “My friend, as I earlier spoke to you, the Romans are not our enemy any more than the Carthaginians our allies.  Both we have rescued and both we have destroyed, all in the due course of time.
“Life is so short for so many, and filled with trouble and strife.  Little reward is there other than to produce a living seed to carry on after them.  Be it slave or freeman, the act of sexual intercourse is the gift offering equal passage to lasting life.  Whether it be through slavery or freedom, as long as one lives, there remains the hope of passing life on to another soul who will carry their soul into future times.  Who knows for sure how one’s descendant may change the world.  Might it be that a yet unborn child of one of those Romans may stand upon the mountains of the gods in the ending days to bring freedom to all living flesh?  At least they still live to have opportunity to do so.
“You, Hiram Hailsalie, prince in the house of Carthage, your very existence has been fated by many twists and turns.  Descended from kings you yourself are, Lady Carthage being your ancestress, she being saved from certain death by a prostitute who risked her own life in doing so.  And how was it that life came down to you through rape and murder, even a careless tryst by a twelve year old child who hid away in a loft with her handsome beau on a rainy afternoon.
Yes, my friend, it is not the conception that is such the miracle that we are who we are.  Millions are the seeds in the elixir of a man, millions to fertilize but one egg hidden deep within the soul of a woman, and only one of those seeds will be permitted the right to bring life to that egg.  How it is that you and I exist at all is a miracle itself, the hour, time of day, the very moment of the man’s release.  Just a minute difference in time and another person might be standing here speaking with me.  So, yes, it is with this in mind that I and my kind have allowed the wicked to live in hopes that their future life might bring a blessing to mankind.”
Baalath reached out a hand, softly brushing his fingers across the cheek of the woman standing beside Hiram.  “Lady SuNidgha Hailsalie, such a handsome woman you are, nearly as comely as your ancestress who carried that name.  She was a looker, I must tell you.”  He rolled his eyes as if reminiscing.  “Yes, she was so beautiful, so beautiful.”
Catching himself up, Baalath returned to the moment.  “Lady SuNidgha, welcome to our world.  A free woman you are in this land as are all the women here.  This man beside you has no authority over you in this place.  Allow your heart to sing its own rapturous songs of love as it desires.  You are the owner of your own flesh, no other man or woman having lordship over it.”
Anger flashed from SuNidgha’s eyes as she caustically retorted, taking Hiram’s arm in hers.  “I do not take kindly to such wicked advances.  This is my husband to whom I have made eternal promises.  Do not offend me with such uncouthness again!”
Baalath laughed heartily, “So much like your great grandmother you are.  She spat in my face when I spoke the same way to her, cursing my soul to eternal damnation.  Still, her love was very sweet when we finally shared it on the warm summer night of the harvest moon.”
SuNidgha’s jaw dropped in dumbfounded astonishment.  She could not believe her ears.  “You…?   You are so young.  How?”
Staring into SuNidgha’s eyes, Baalath confessed, “My child, I am not who or what I appear to be.  I am Baalath, the man of your legends who is long-lived and ancient.  I was a close friend of King GishopHigamie as well as being a lover to your ancestress, SuNidghaSungSei, and to her mother who stills lives, hiding deep within the worlds of your enemy, the Romans.  I lifted my sword for war in ages before Atlantis sank beneath the waves.  Through the sky, I have made escape from worlds condemned to destruction, in airships with wings spanning over one hundred cubits.  Friends and lovers, children I have seen born and grow old and pass away into death.  Even my most cherished companion…my wife, Corith…is little more than a memory, her grave long ago surrendered to the sands of time.”
SuNidgha sucked in a quiet breath, hardly able to believe these revelations.  Fables?  Yes, but were they?  As were so many of the children of Carthage, she had been raised on stories of humans become gods who walked across time, remaining always young in the flesh…man creatures ever searching out the demons hiding among them.  Could this man truly be one of these people of myth?
Before she could reply, a woman sailor having taken the bridge poked her head through the door.  Having listened to Baalath’s comments, she spoke to SuNidgha, adding, “Trust this man’s words to be true.  Too many are the tales he has told me of the days before Atlantis’ sinking down to this age.”
“And you believe him?”  SuNidgha asked, uncertain.
The woman smiled, asking, “Should a daughter not believe her father?”  She extended a hand in greeting.  “Samantha Drakous, child born of Lady Drakous and sired by this man some two hundred twenty summers past.”
SuNidgha gasped, “So young!  You look…”
Samantha grinned.  “So young, like a woman of only about thirty years?  The children of those who passed through the funeral fires of the goddess witch, Dancing Stones, age slowly, especially when both parents stood before the Lady on that flaming pyre.”  She swept her hand toward the room with the ladder.  “Many of the crew on this submarine boat are my children and grandchildren up to the fourth generation.  Believe this man when he speaks.  You will find no falsehood in what he will tell you.”
Baalath swept his fingers down Samantha’s arm.  “And this boat is not mine to captain, but belongs to this woman.  Out of her kindness, she permits me the privilege to act the headman when I’m aboard.”
This was too much for SuNidgha to absorb.  She slowly sank down, sitting on a narrow cot behind her and began to quietly cry.
Samantha looked up at Baalath.  “We’re passing the point and already beginning our descent to thirty fathoms.  May I suggest some vittles and drinks for our guests, and then find them some bunk space?”  She then addressed Hiram.  “We are a bit cramped here, but I believe you can manage as best as may be with your family in my cabin.  I will see to the welfare of the rest of your company and our other guests, but first take a little food and warm drink.”
At length, everyone was fed and snugly tucked away in various nooks and crannies of the submarine boat, the crew and officers surrendering up their sleeping quarters to them.  As Carthage rapidly smoldered into cinders and its people into tales and legend, the tired survivors of the cataclysm quietly slept as the pulsing engines of Corith hurried them off toward the west.  While her husband slept soundly beside her on the floor of the tiny officers’ cabin, SuNidgha stared up through the darkness, her head spinning with visions of gods and men, wondering about the ages past and pondering the future in her coming new world.

*    *    *

SuNidgha stood on the deck of AssuanSyeneIII, looking off to the south, toward the Verdi Isles some two leagues’ distance.  The woman’s head spun with memories of her previous adventures and with visions of those yet to come.
True to Baalath’s words, the journey to the entrance of the Atlantean Sea took only about two days, Corith passing the Pillars of Hercules in the early morning hours of their third night out.  Being extremely calm and the seas flat as a polished marble floor, it was decided to run on the surface and allow the people to take advantage of going topside to enjoy the fresh, warm, morning breeze.
After safety lines had been installed by the crew, SuNidgha made her way up the ladder to a narrow, wooden deck extending along the back of the submarine boat.  It was a delightful morning with a full moon casting a golden glow on the world around her.  As she stood near the stern ropes, staring up at a tall mountain to the north, Baalath joined her, offering greeting.
The two eventually struck up a conversation, Baalath relating a tale that made SuNidgha’s ears tingle.  He pointed north, to an outcropping high up on the shadowy, rocky mountain.  “There once was a man, a Great Dragon by the name of ‘Hercules’, who ruled over a city of necromancers…men and women all of the order of the Dragons.”  He pointed down.  “Below us, some fifty fathoms, that city, IamSuNinue, quietly sleeps in Neptune’s depths.  It was such a beautiful city.”  He closed his eyes, recalling its broadways and splendid buildings.
SuNidgha stared into the rippling waves made by the submarine boat pushing its way through placid waters.  “When did IamSuNinue sink beneath the waters?”
Baalath opened his eyes, staring into SuNidgha’s face.  “A great wave swept over it in later ages when Atlantis was swallowed in the fiery abyss.  That was long after the Dragon necromancers had departed IamSuNinue to dwell in the quiet and hidden places of our world.  Soon waters rose and consumed what little remained of the city.  When I and my family made our escape from the western lands, just before Atlantis’ destruction, we spent two days in the city before moving on to Colosuim, eventually arriving at what your people have called ‘Carthage’.  That was so long ago, I forget the years, but even in those days, the city was as resplendent as any that exists in your day.”
He apologized for the distraction.  “The tale I am spinning is from ages long before then, when the god-king, Noah, his goddess queen-wife, Aphrodite, and their sons still walked as princes upon the Earth.  Indeed, I speak of days before what my people came to call the ‘Aphrodite Wars’, in the time after the Deluge when demons and men again attempted to ruin the Earth with their wickedness.”
Sweeping his hand about widely, Baalath explained, “The waters were much lower in those days, lands of the Ice Mountains filling the far northern and southern lands beyond measure, holding back frozen waters from the time of the great flooding.  My father and I once journeyed into those frozen, desolate northern worlds to the ice ocean that was held captive behind those same mountains of ice.  That ocean teemed with strange and wonderful beasts and fish.  Giant, white bears and fearsome cats ranged its shores.  Packs of wolves to be counted like the trees of the forest roamed those lands at the time, a very dangerous place to be for us mere, frail humans, so a most wonderful adventure for a young man such as I was at the time.”
He cleared his throat.  “Anyway, as I was saying, the ocean’s waters were much lower in those days so long ago.  So it was that IamSuNinue was not an island city but extended out from yonder mountain on a narrow jut of land so that the Great Sea…it was called the ‘Shemion Sea’ in those days…and the Atlantean Sea, which was called either the ‘Western Sea’ or ‘Eastern Sea’, depending which side of it one dwelt... lapped the city’s shores to its south and west.
“It was during that time of peace, when men were growing in number on the surface of the Earth, that bands of ruffians from the Northlands descended upon the people of this region, to murder and enslave them.  Great and powerful were the warriors of these peoples whose names have been forever obliterated by the deeds of the great witch, Daughter Dragon Noahashonie, and her clansmen in the days before Atlantis sank beneath the waters.  Those people’s great warriors were fearsome giants, evil creations being half-man and half-bred of demon fathers, standing up to three times your height or mine, wielding spears and axes of immense size.
“All the people of this region who could fled before the invading onslaught until IamSuNinue was filled beyond measure with desperate refugees, it alone the only citadel having not yet fallen to the monstrous hordes.  It was in that final hour that Lord Hercules and his fellow Dragon necromancers, all to the last man and woman of their kind, marched out to face that enemy foe.  For two days and nights, the battle raged, the outnumbered Dragons wielding their might with bow and spear as well as whatever uncanny powers they possessed.  Stories tell that, in the darkness of the night, great flashes of blinding light could be seen upon the mountain, and deafening crashes of thunder from the blazing fires roared down upon the city below.
“In the early morning hours following the second night, what few of the Dragons still were alive had come together for one last stand on the south side of that high mountain.  About the time the sun broke over the eastern horizon, people in the city looked up to see the greatest of the demon warriors approaching the few Dragons who remained.  ‘Cyclops’ was the warrior’s name, because he had but one eye.  Sixteen cubits in height he was, brandishing a blade that was half again as long as an ordinary man is tall.  With loud curses and bellowing oaths, the demon creature denounced the Dragons and the God of their city, Iam, calling down evil on all who worshiped such a weak and impotent deity.
“In an angry rage, Hercules charged up the mountain toward the monster, swearing an oath of destruction to all the northern tribes who had bent a knee to this rabble, and to the demon host who delivered them to this world.  For over an hour, the two battled upon the heights, landing blows and receiving them.  The final moments of the contest found Hercules standing upon an outcropping, up there.”  He pointed toward a specific set of rocks near the edge of the mountain precipice.  “His opponent was standing below, on a narrow ledge overlooking the mountain depths.
“Hercules, knowing his wounds were fatal and that little life remained within him, pitched himself from the outcropping, crashing into the monster and wrapping his arm about the monster’s neck.  He then plunged his sword through the heart of the man-beast, the monster bellowing in pain, falling backward, taking both himself and Hercules over the edge of the cliff and to the rocks far below.  Deathly silence swept the mountain as the enemy looked down, aghast, seeing their hero fallen to its death.  Before any of them could respond to what they had witnessed, fire shot down from the heavens, consuming all living flesh upon the mountain except for that of the few Dragons, both their living and their dead being saved from that fiery destruction.
“When the fires ceased, a giant ship came from the sky and settled down at the base of the mountain between the mountain’s roots and the city.  Sky gods came out from the ship and assisted the Dragons and the people who came out from the city to help, to gather up the fallen Dragons and to deliver their bodies into caves, hiding them deep within the mountain upon which they had fought and died.  To this day, their bones lie buried deep within the soul of that mountain.
“But for Hercules, the sky gods took his body and wrapped it up in the finest of white linen cloths and took him to their ship, departing to places unknown with him, saying that his mother had requested that it be done so with him.  Where they took him is a mystery down to this day, its secret kept in the heart of his mother who walks in the shadows of this world even into this age.”
Baalath looked into SuNidgha’s eyes, a tear running down his cheek.  “And that is why we call the mountains at the western edge of the Great Sea the ‘Pillars of Hercules’ clear to this day.”

SuNidgha smiled sadly, recalling that early morning conversation with Baalath as well as so many others she had shared with him since then.  By the end of the third day, they had joined up with Rae Tomassie aboard his submarine boat, AssuanSyeneIII, the passengers having been transferred across from Corith through some sort of a connecting tube while the two ships remained hidden under the waters.  AssuanSyeneIII was a much bigger boat than Corith, but it was not until this very morning, when the boats surfaced that SuNidgha saw just how immense that submarine boat truly was.
“Bigger than the greatest of warships, of all ships of any nation, it is!” she had exclaimed to Baalath when the two finally walked together out on its deck earlier that morning.
Baalath had politely nodded recognition of the woman’s excited statement, and then had quietly replied, “True, true, it is, but it is not the biggest of our many undersea craft. Wondrous, indeed, are many of our inventions that you are invited to witness should you choose to continue your journey with our people to worlds yet unknown to you.”
Now SuNidgha stared off toward the Verdai Isles, pondering what she should do.  It had been four days since their rendezvous with AssuanSyeneIII, much of that time being spent in conference with the Eastern and Western Phoenician Trade Guilds.  So surprised had SuNidgha been when she was invited to sit at the table as well, not as a supporting wife of her husband, Hiram, but as a representative of the Eastern Trade Guild, her voice counted equal among the others.  This truly was a strange and wonderful world she had entered, where women were respected and treated on par with the men.
So many choices she did have to make…to stay with these strange and wonderful people, and to abandon forever the world beyond, or to remain here, in this realm of certainty, with the customs and culture she had grown up with.  Several of those who fled from Carthage had decided to take passage to the Verdi and attempt a new life for themselves there.  Should she?  A day sailor was already tied up alongside AssuanSyeneIII to take them ashore.  Baalath and Rae had even offered small bags of gold and silver to anyone wishing to leave, saying they needed a little nest-egg to get started again, seeing all had been lost in their escape from Carthage.
BacallJermanis and his sister, Hermafriddies, along with her children, were leaving, the woman wanting her children to grow up in the ‘world of mankind, not some hidden sanctum of the strange and unknown’ as she said.  Jemailieo was also taking her leave along with a few of Hiram’s former servants, saying she believed she could do quite well for herself plying her trade among the people of those isles, her tales of adventure worth many gold pieces alone.  Kildrena, on the other hand, requested to remain behind and find her future here, stating that she did not wish to sell her flesh for money but had only done so to preserve her soul alive during those turbulent last days of Carthage.  So, too, SuNidgha, had been offered a choice whether to stay or go.  If she chose to leave, the council had decided that each of her and Hiram’s children would be offered opportunity to decide which parent they would remain with.  All in the family now waited upon her final decision.
While she stood, lost in thought, Hiram slowly approached, gently taking her arm when he came close.  When she turned to face him, he addressed her, asking, “Have you yet decided?  Are you going away, or will you stay with me?”
SuNidgha lowered her gaze, pondering, “Stay with you?”  She paused for the longest time.  Finally, she looked up at him.  “Yes.  But stay beside you as your wife?  No.”  She looked into a surprised face.  “I am a free woman in this world, with no bonds or vows to bind me.  Will I share your bed with you as I did when I was your wife?  No.  But as a lover I will, as a free woman.  Like the men of my former world, as you, yourself, have acted, I will have the freedom to act.  As you have taken women you found pleasing to your eyes into your inner chambers without consulting me, so I declare the same freedom for myself, be it a man or woman I choose to deliver to my bed…whoever is pleasing to my eyes and is willing to come.”
Hiram was shocked, speechless.  Before he could reply, SuNidgha kissed him softly on the cheek.  “Mother to your children I am and will always be, and I do love you very much,” she grinned, cooing, “and your cock tease I do enjoy so.”
The woman stepped back, her hands holding Hiram’s.  “But a servant-wife to you I will never again be.  Indeed, servant-wife I will never be again to any man.  If I decide to journey to other far-off worlds or to bed another man and birth his child, it will not be with your permission or my request of you to do it.  Being owned by a husband is like being a bound servant or slave.  There are no slaves in this world, as you have witnessed by those in our household being freed by the decree of the captain of this ship and the Trade Council.  If you accept my terms then, as a reward, I will cuddle up next to you this very eve…that is, if it is what you desire, and…and you ask me politely to do so for you.”

The day sailor pulled away from AssuanSyeneIII in the early afternoon, passengers remaining aboard the submarine boat waving their parting salutations.  Rae told the people that they would be getting under way in the early evening hours and to enjoy the afternoon sun and breezes.  For the reminder of the day, the passengers and crew lounged about the deck of the submarine boat, sitting on blankets while eating Verdi aged cheeses and fresh fruits as well as enjoying generous portions of the Isle’s summer wine.
While the sun sank beneath the horizon, Corith made preparations to depart while the crew of AssuanSyeneIII went about their duties to do the same.  Evening dusk found SuNidgha and Baalath standing beside the gangplank leading over to Corith.  SuNidgha asked, disappointed, “Must you leave us now, and not journey along to PoureaShihon with me…us?  You say you have kindred there that you have not seen for many months.”
Baalath took SuNidgha’s hands, answering, “Yes, I do have kindred there who I miss dearly, but business takes me elsewhere.  You were at the council, and know well the council’s decisions and part I must play in it, accomplishing their outcome.
“Please understand this: the world is a much bigger place than you might imagine.  Long has a world court ruled in hidden shadows, fating the nations of men to its wishes.  Why, even a maritime court exists that frees men to sail the oceans without some lord or king stealing that right from them.  That court is made up of both good and evil men from both Heaven and Earth.  Without that court, this planet would be cast into eternal chaos and war.  True, war does exist, but it is held in check by the superior powers hidden behind the curtains of men’s visions.  That court helps to guide the behavior of men and nations, lifting up those nations at times while casting them down at other times.
“Rome has not played nicely with that court, bringing Carthage to ruin when that nation’s rulers were warned not to do such a thing.  Now I must go to speak with its leader to point out his folly and inform its leaders of the punishment such folly delivers upon those who refuse to listen to the wisdom of the court’s council.  As for the Eastern Trade Guild, its days in the Great Sea have come to a finish, there being no place found for it as long as Rome rules those waters, and Rome must be allowed its day of glory.  Far to the east, beyond Egypt, Sumatra and China control the trade of nations, and to the west are the Atlantean Trade Guilds.  It has been decided that the Eastern Trade Guilds will be absorbed into the Atlantean Guilds, a niche being carved out for them there.
Baalath bowed his head, staring down into SuNidgha’s eyes.  “My duties will take me far away and gone I will be for many months.  When I will finally make my journey back to PoureaShihon again, I do not know.  This world is full of uncertainty and trouble.  I am not immortal, and the things I do can be very dangerous.  So is it possible that we shall not meet again until the final blowing of the horns.  Yes, it is possible such a fate awaits me.  But should my feet find their way to PoureaShihon again, then you I will certainly seek out to rekindle old acquaintances.”
SuNidgha stared deeply into Baalath’s eyes, tenderly kissing him on the lips.  “My Lord,” she cooed seductively, “thank you for all the wonderful gifts you have shared with me.  A woman I have become because of you, something I never dreamed was possible for me.  How I wish we had just one more hour to spend together before our parting, but alas, it is not to be.  Remember me, please, that to you I have given a piece of my heart, and received from you a piece of your soul.”
Baalath brushed a hand through SuNidgha’s thick, wavy hair.  “So much like your forebear you look, the same as she did the night we parted so many ages ago.  No more could I forget your presence, your breath, your beauty than I have been able to forget hers.  Remember me, yes, as I remember you.  But do not forget that a free woman you are now and live as a free woman you must.  Do not permit your bed to become cold, waiting for a lover who is beyond your reach.  Life and love is far too short to waste it upon a hopeful dream.  For me, will you remember to do such a thing?”
SuNidgha kissed Baalath again, smiling sweetly.  “Yes, my Lord, I will remember what you have said.  This very night, I have promised my former husband a night of romance.  Tomorrow?  Tomorrow?  Who knows, possibly this Captain Rae I may attempt to seduce.  I hear from your daughter, Samantha, that the fellow is quite the master at wooing the women.”
Baalath laughed.  “That he is!  That he is!  Let me warn you, though.  He might woo you away so that my company you will no longer desire, so contemptible a man I will be compared to his loving charms.  Do be careful, for he will attempt to cast a spell over you so that for only his touch will you crave.”
SuNidgha grinned.  “So it shall be.  I must find out for myself if such a suitor does exist and if I can be carried off by his wiles.”  She then cooed wistfully, “Still, my door will always be opened to you.  Please do not forget me while you frolic about with the other flowers in the field.”
The two quietly embraced in a passionate kiss, lingering until Corith’s boatswain called for the final boarding.  SuNidgha stood upon AssuanSyeneIII’s deck until long after Corith had disappeared beneath the waters.  Her silent musings were interrupted when Rae approached, asking her to come below so that they might also depart.
SuNidgha took Rae’s hand, smiling seductively.  “Lord Baalath tells me that you are quite the gentleman and, should I ask, you might be willing to entertain me with some of your finer wit and wisdom, possibly offering to me a more private tour of your ship.”
Rae grinned, raising an eyebrow.  “My Lady Hailsalie, if such a thing is your wish, I will attempt to entertain you as best as may be, hoping you will find me an acceptable host.”
The woman laughed, squeezing Rae’s hand.  “Please, my fine fellow, SuNidgha it is.  Please call me Lady SuNidgha.”
Rae nodded approvingly.  “Then it is, Lady SuNidgha.  Will you be gracious enough to accompany me to dinner this eve?  Later, at another time, at your convenience, we can turn to other, more personal matters that may be to your liking.”
SuNidgha replied that was a fine idea.  The two made their way to the forward tower of the submarine boat and down the narrow, spiral stairs, below deck.  Shortly after this, AssuanSyeneIII slowly slipped beneath the waves, leaving the Verdi Isles far behind.  In a few days, ship, crew, and passengers would arrive at PoureaShihon.
For some months, Hiram and the others remained in the city before finally settling along the seacoast in the western lands of Meric.  SuNidgha decided to remain for the time being in PoureaShihon, along with her two youngest children.
It was the following spring when SuNidgha took to quill and paper, writing Baalath that she so missed his company, wishing he would visit her soon and that he was the proud father to a healthy baby girl named ‘CorithSion’.

*   *   *

Antonius Brutus sat beside a blazing fire, sipping fresh, sweet, leaded wine newly delivered from his wine cellar.  He motioned with his goblet toward another man sitting across from him.  “Are you sure I cannot indulge your palate with some of this extraordinarily fine wine, Lord Beauforte…possibly a little bit for your consort?”
Baalath…‘Lord Beauforte’ as he was known to the Romans…thanked Antonius, refusing the offer.  “Your kind hospitality is most gracious, Senator Brutus, but as I have continually attempted to warn you, the sweetness from the lead is poison for the brain.  Insane it may well make you.”
Antonius laughed heartily, “You Brits are all the same…old stodgy fellows.”  He eyed the woman accompanying Baalath, “Are they also dullards in the bed?”  He grabbed his crotch.  “Maybe some fresh Roman meat would liven your life up a bit.”
The woman’s face clouded as she leaned forward on the couch.
Baalath frowned and lifted a hand, motioning her to stop.  “Senator Brutus, may I suggest you reserve such carefree speech for your servants or the baths.  Lady Drakous is not who you may assume she is.  A consort she is not but one of the high lords in the mercantile guilds.  More than one man has lost his…well, let us say he is not quite a man anymore…because he has insulted this woman.  Should her ire be raised, I may not be able to prevent an unpleasant situation from arising.”
At first insulted, Antonius was about to make a nasty retort when he looked into the faces of his guests, realizing that Lord Beauforte was not at all joking.  He settled back in his chair, addressing the woman.  “Lady Drakous, my apologies.  I intended no harm.”
Lady Drakous smiled wryly, settling back on the couch.  “No offense taken, Senator Brutus.  Still, there is business to discuss and the hour is late.”
Antonius looked over at Lord Beauforte, asking, “Are all you Brits this way?  I mean all business and no play, no joviality, just work, work, work?”
Baalath leaned forward.  “Senator Brutus, as I have explained to you on several occasions, a Brit I am not, but merely residing in Hengistbury Head.  I have many estates, including one far up in the Alps and another on Crete, where Lady Drakous currently resides.  I am not here representing the Britons, but the newly formed Western Trade Guilds, of which Britain is part.”
Lady Drakous stood and slowly walked behind the ornate couch, leaning forward while resting her hands on its back.  Her voice carried a tone of impatient irritation as though she was tired of some silly game she was expected to play with a little child.  “Rome is a pitiable, dismal city, but this little harbor town of Ostia makes me wish for a bath just walking through it, and your palatial estate adds nothing to change my opinion of it.  I wish to conclude our business soon so that I may quickly depart this wretchedness!”
Antonius leaped from his chair, his eyes blazing with fury.  Clenching his fists, he seethed, “A foreign guest in this city you are, remaining alive by my good graces.  One word from me and my guards will run you through without question!”
Lady Drakous smiled sinisterly, warning, “Sit down, Senator Brutus.  Your life is worth little to me, and should you attempt my harm, you would be dead before a word could come from your mouth.”
A shining glint of metal flashed in Lady Drakous’ hand, Antonius immediately recognizing it to be an assassin’s throwing star.  Dumbfounded, the man stared into the woman’s angry eyes.  Realizing the danger he was in, the senator slowly sat down in his chair.  “What do you want?” he snarled in impotent defiance.
As quickly as it had appeared, the star disappeared from Lady Drakous’ hand.  “I want to finish our business and be off from here.”
The senator looked into the fire, pretending to act unconcerned.  “Then be done with it.”  He turned to stare at the woman, glaring, smugly commenting,  “What do you have left to offer now that your wondrous trading center smolders in ruins and your Phoenician trading fleets are either burned and sunk or have fled to the west?”
Baalath spoke up.  “I must apologize for my partner.  She is more accustomed to negotiating with…less refined associates.  Still, I suggest you consider carefully her offer.  You should find it more valuable and noteworthy to you and Rome than you might currently imagine.”
Folding his arms on his chest, Antonius harrumphed.  “Be on with it!  I will judge if it is worth taking to the Senate.”
Lady Drakous returned to sitting on the couch.  “You and your Senate have been naughty, listening to that old fool, Cato, instead of taking heed of the warning from your counselor, General Scipio, to not bring Carthage to ruin.  The Eastern Mercantile Guild has offered to overlook such an indiscretion, permitting your trading fleets to still ply the waters of the Eastern Sea.  Of course, such an offer does not come for free.”
“Not for free?!” Antonius laughed uproariously, sneering, “Rome now rules these seas, and will soon control the trade routes in the west, beyond the Pillars of Hercules.  The former, great navy of Carthage has long since been sunk beneath the waters and your Phoenician traders have been destroyed or fled far from here.  Rome no longer needs any mercantile guild to permit its passage to anywhere it pleases!”
Lady Drakous quietly replied, “The waters of the Great Sea are very tricksy, filled with rocks, shoals, and whirlpools that have spelled doom for many a brave sailor.  The Eastern Mercantile Guild has offered to extend its protection to your trading fleets the same as it did for the Phoenicians, even providing helmsmen to guide your ships through some of the, shall I say, more treacherous waters.”
Antonius bolted upright, leaning forward, asking in surprise, “The Phoenicians weren’t…?”
Nodding, Lady Drakous answered, “The Phoenicians were our trading partners, the Mercantile offering to them the same protections we now offer to you.”  She lied.  The Mercantile Guild was newly created after the demise of Carthage.  “Ten percent of your shipping charges are all that we request in order for your ships to make safe passage across the Great Sea.”
Scoffing at the thought, Antonius snidely retorted, “Your Mercantile has no ships, no ports, not even any trade goods!  What kind of a fool do you take me for?  Take you money racketeering to the dimwitted and superstitious fools…to the Greeks or even the Cretans.  We Romans are not so stupid as to fall for such a simple prank as you attempt!”
Saying not a word, Lady Drakous stood and slowly made her way to the window that overlooked the city harbor.  Waving her hand out toward the nearby quays, she mused aloud, “Such a pity it would be if the grain fleets somehow floundered at sea.”  She turned to face Antonius, asking, “I wonder how long Rome could survive without grain before the people would rise up and stone its rulers, especially when they discovered the small fee its Senate refused to pay for the fleets’ safe passage.  I believe you would rather cut off your own balls before being handed over to such a riotous mob.”
Antonius’ face flushed red in anger.  As he stood to make reply, a bright, crimson light coming from the opened window looking out across the harbor flashed across the room.  Hurrying over to see the cause of the fearsome light, the senator arrived at the window just as a giant grain ship suddenly exploded in smoky flames, its sailors screaming in fright as they plunged over the ship’s side to escape certain death.  Before he could speak, the senator watched in horror as another and then another of the newly arrived grain ships was consumed in flames.
Lady Drakous sadly shook her head.  “You see, even when one thinks they are in safe waters, dangerous things can happen.  That fire could spread across the entire fleet out there.  It is possible, you know, what with all the strange weather we have been having of late.”  She turned and stared into a face petrified with fear.  “My dear Senator Brutus, I do believe the price for Rome’s safe passage has just increased to twenty percent of Rome’s shipping charges.  Please be a good fellow and deliver the Mercantile’s offer to the Senate as soon as may be.”  Antonius was too shocked to make reply.
Baalath quietly walked up beside him.  “Oh yes, I have come here this night to inform you, for you to warn your fellow senators that all passage beyond the coastal routes around the Pillars of Hercules are not to be attempted.  Should any ship proceed into the Atlantean Sea beyond those limits, it will not return to this world.  Oh yes, I was also told to inform you that the Western Phoenician Trade Guilds have decided not to deal with the eastern Great Sea nations any more, especially any in Roman territories.  They were rather fond of Carthage, and feel a bit upset that Rome acted so treacherously with it.”  He reached into his robe for something.  “That means no more precious copper, iron, baleen, oil, furs, wood, and…well, so many of the goods your people have come to take for granted.”  Baalath then placed a leather bag into Antonius opened hand.  “Here you are, Senator Brutus, some of the finest pipe weed one can find in the west.  Keep it safe and use it sparingly, for I doubt more will arrive soon upon these shores.”
While Antonius stood there, dumbly staring into Baalath’s face, his hand holding the pipe weed, Baalath offered his and Lady Drakous’ parting salutations.  “Our people will be in touch soon to finish the details with you.  I’m sure you can convince the Senate of the need to move this business forward quickly.”  He took Lady Drakous’ hand, tipping his head.  “Thank you for your hospitality.  We can find our own way out.”

*    *    *

The weather was damp and foul this time of year on the island of Mona, often filled with heavy fog that rolled in from the sea, across forested hills and marshy valleys.  This was such a day, accompanied by a cold, steady drizzle.  Juliet rubbed her arms vigorously as she stared out the partially shuttered window overlooking the Merlin estate.  “I do so miss my old home on Cyprus, especially when compared to this miserable world in the Northlands.  And that LumdonDuridshemion…does he have no respect for his guests?  I cannot imagine how anyone can enjoy living in such a dismal, drafty hovel as this place he calls home!  What is with the fellow anyway, and how did we manage to get hornswoggled into accepting this forlorn place as the gathering for the Council of HETH?”
Baalath sat beside the fireplace, quietly mending a tear in his leggings, using the light of the dancing flames to see to his stitching.  The man was dressed in furs and a kilt, similar to those he wore so many ages before as chieftain in Ogallala, something he so much enjoyed wearing.  Continuing on with his labors, he spoke up, offering a cheerful reply.  “My Lady Tobanahazz, well you know the reason for your second question.  The Council of HETH could no longer gather in Greece for the same reason we moved it from Cyprus.  Too dangerous it is for us to meet freely in those lands since the power of Rome has grown to the extent it has.  Britain is part of the Guild’s eastern confederacy.  It’s a good location for us, considering the world’s current state of affairs.”
He stopped his sewing, looking over at Juliet whose comely form was sharply contrasted in shadow against the backdrop of the lighted window.  “It took us many ages of men to come to fully understand just what our Hormaxian counterparts have been truly seeking to establish on this planet.  At first, we believed it was a worldwide religion, dedicated to their bloodthirsty god, Lucifer, but gradually we came to see that as just a ruse for greater things.  Atlantis was no mere dream of some despotic man so that he could lift himself up as a world ruler.  No, it was truly orchestrated by the demon chieftains of Lucifer and their dupes, the Hormaxians, to enslave all mankind for their demonic god-king.
“After Atlantis fell, the sons of Hormax attempted to deliver world domination through Egypt, then Assyria and other nations, finally gathering all their powers to Rome, in hopes of creating the new world government they so desire for their coming god.  It later became obvious to them that world domination will not come until they also control the trade guilds, thus the destruction of Carthage, their first step in their quest for world domination.  With the trade guilds comes the wealth of the world, for the guilds control the banking system.
“Rome is a leech, feeding upon the riches of the surrounding nations to sustain its glory.  The sons of Hormax know this practice will lead to guaranteed failure.  You must feed the beast to keep it healthy, if you wish not to bleed it to death.  Without the wealth, the trade and banking treasuries of the guilds, Rome will only continue to bleed the world into starvation as did Greece, Medo-Persia, Babylon, and all the other kingdoms they have set up to rule the world.  A starving world will never unite to form the world government the Hormaxians so desperately need if they ever wish to see their dreams fulfilled, having Lucifer deliver his kingdom to this world and give to them everlasting rulership in that kingdom.”
Juliet turned to face the fire, hunching forward while continuing to rub the goose bumps on her arms.  Baalath made some comments regarding the woman’s appearance and how he might be able to offer relief for her chills.  Juliet sputtered a rebuff, complaining that his manly parts did all his thinking and should he use his head half as much, the world would be a far better place.  She quipped, “Keep it under you kilt for now or I’ll not be as generous with you this coming night as I was this last eve or the eve before.  You’ve had both my and Drakous’ attention for these past three nights, seeing our other fellows have not yet arrived.  I would think you would be tired out by now.”
Baalath laughed, “Tired of your love?  Never!”   He stood up, walking over to Juliet and taking her hands, peering into her eyes.  “I fell in love with you so long ago, and only love you more every day.  My heart regrets that you cannot love me as you still do Chuphoe, but even your angry blow will I cherish over the love from a thousand maidens.”
Juliet frowned, shivering while moaning, “I do not believe that even your manly charms could warm this woman’s heart to counter the misty chill that sweeps in from the sea.  My bones ache from it and, should I have a desire for your manliness, I fear that my gilded flowers have all frozen closed in this cold, your heated passion unable to thaw them into opening.”
She kissed Baalath softly on the cheek, cooing, “But I do still love you… maybe almost as much as my husband.  How can I compare my love for you to him when only haunted memories I have of his and my sweet togetherness, my dreams ever exaggerating how wonderful he was to this little urchin child.  You I have had always with me.  A day in my life I cannot recall when your warmth and care were not within my reach.  Forever beside you would I be happy to lay, yet the vision from my first love I cannot shake from my head.”  Juliet stepped back, hers hands gripping Baalath’s upper arms.  “What you say still does not explain why our host, Lumdon, has chosen this miserable place to establish what can only be called the most primitive of estates.  The humble shanties of Castle Dodanim were palaces compared to this…to this.”
Baalath grinned, “I do believe our host would be pleased to have you describe his home in such endearing terms.  Lumdon has taken to a rather strange way of life, but it is also true that his persuasive philosophies regarding nature and peace have served the people of the Northlands well for over a millennium.  The cult of the Druids has maintained a very powerful influence over the former lands of the MooDecd, thanks to Lumdon’s influence over the priests of that religion.  True, an odd duck he is, but a kindly and sociable one, and…” he gently poked Juliet in the ribs, “I’ve not seen you turn down his romantic advances when the shadows of evening gathers him back here from the forest.”
Juliet cast her gaze about the room and finally out the window, asking, “Where is the old fellow anyway?  I haven’t seen him since the breakfast hour.”
Baalath slowly backed away toward the fireplace, drawing Juliet along by the hand, encouraging her to sit across from him.  He looked into the blaze, musing, “The old fellow and Lady Drakous departed for the forest shortly after taking the morning breakfast, the two wishing to explore some nearby caves.”
Juliet looked about, the warmth of the fire raising her spirits.  “So then we find ourselves all alone at this hour, having to while away the time with little else to do than attempt to remain warm?”
Nodding, Baalath confirmed it to be so.  “I doubt any of the others will arrive this late, and Lumdon and Drakous will not return until the lack of daylight prevents further exploration of the caves and forest.  May I suggest that you permit me opportunity to attempt a thawing of your frozen fields of lilies?  The coals still smolder hot in my cozy chambers, and many are the fur robes covering my bed.  So easy will it be to rekindle the flames at the hearth and possibly make other fires burn under those bed covers.”
Juliet frowned in mock disgust.  “You could woo a wooden statue to have intercourse with you.  Does your cock ever grow tired of the game?”
Baalath grinned, standing and extending a hand.  “If the statue was as charmingly beautiful as you, I just might try to woo it, and yes, it tires not when a doe such as you is in that chase.  Come with me and warm my heart while I warm your flesh with my heated desire.”
Juliet did not argue, surrendering to Baalath’s romantic advances.  When the evening’s shadows grew into darkness, Lumdon and Drakous finally returned after a day of searching hidden caverns and frolicking in oaken forests.  They entered Lumdon’s dwelling, greeted by silence and cold fireplaces, the sounds of quiet snoring in a far off room the only sounds falling upon their ears.

*    *    *

The day dawned with a frosty nip in the air.  By mid-morning, others of the Haudenosaunez started to arrive. Tuosolmerica, Tosombabanna, SchroGarthTho and Hyhoset came ashore with Rae Tomassie from his submarine boat around sunrise.  After dining at a tavern in the small harbor village, they made their way some three miles up the road to Lumdon’s estate.  HilgaTomassie (Rae’s mother) and BondaBoor arrived from the east about the middle of the day, Juufet and Susannah by sky ship about an hour later.  Just before nightfall, Noahashonie, Cothath, and KontinKuken settled down near Lumdon’s estate in Noah’s sky ship, a gift to her from Sodasonie.
The evening was rather quiet, the Haudenosaunez gathering for dinner and general conversation in the center room of his estate house, Lumdon’s large hall.  It was constructed from hand-hewn logs, the building having stone fireplaces and thatched roofs.  There were four exits leading away from this moot hall-styled room, delivering Lumdon’s guests to the many bedrooms, galleys, and chambers or to a broad, deep veranda with a view of the distant harbor.  The fare for dinner was equally as simple as the building in which it was served, consisting of roasted conies, wild herbs that Lumdon and Lady Drakous had gathered the day before, ground tubers and cabbages, along with a variety of homemade ciders and wines.
A few of the Haudenosaunez found the accommodations rather bleak and austere in comparison to the lifestyles they had become accustomed to.  But for those from the lands of Meric and for Baalath, it felt more like life in the old days before Atlantis sank beneath the seas.  Nevertheless, no matter how each person felt, he or she did enjoy Lumdon’s hospitality.
Several of the young women from the harbor village served the dinner meal, making sure that no goblet went dry or plate became empty.  Later that night, when all had eaten to satisfaction, those same young women, accompanied by local musicians playing on lutes, bagpipes, drums, and stringed instruments, danced merrily about the hall in their colorful costumes, all the while singing to lively music.  It was well past the midnight hour when the entertainment ended, the people returning to the harbor village with coins of silver jingling in their pockets.
Other than the occasional village person, Lumdon had mostly young apprentices who would do chores around the estate for the education Lumdon offered.  Oh yes, both girls and boys from across the northern lands of Europe came to sit at the feet of this wizard, known as ‘Merlin’, to be taught in all the ways of the true Druid, none being turned away due to status or lack of monies.  At times, there might be as many as a dozen of these young ones learning their letters and secret arts of the true Druid from their master teacher, Merlin.
Merlin taught that a true Druid was to live a life of peace and sacrifice, taking only from the land what was needed and accepting a gift when it was honestly deserved, not for personal gain, but to sustain the soul alive, either their own or for another.  He also taught that, although all life had a spirit, there was but one Divine Deity who had made all things.  ‘Respect the living, be it man, creature, or tree’ he would say, ‘but worship only the One who made them all.’
Being that this was the onset of winter, most of the apprentices had traveled back to their homes until the following spring would see their return.  For a few of these children, this was an impossibility, either their homes too far distant, with no one to accompany them in safe passage, or having no homes to return to, disease or war having orphaned them.  At the present time, there were three such apprentices, two girls, one twelve, the other fifteen.  The third person, a boy, was eleven summers, having been with Lumdon since he was six when wild men from the north raided his village, killing his family.  These three young ones hustled about doing whatever duties were assigned them, while also seeing to any of the needs the Haudenosaunez might have.

The following day found the Haudenosaunez busy in conference, the morning used to share with each other what was happening in the various regions under their supervision.  Baalath had joined forces with Drakous (Swalhawena) and Juliet within Roman territories around the Great Sea.  His report was not encouraging.
“The fall of Carthage has forced our trading fleets out of those waters, and our embargo against Rome is stressing the Atlantean-Phoenician Shipping Guilds, their attempt at finding new trading partners nearly futile.  The sudden increase of thousands of idled sailors from the Carthaginian guilds compounds their problems.  Hundreds of ships sit rotting in the harbors along the coast of Meric.  It is hoped that the Sumatran and Chinese Mercantile Guilds will be willing to reopen negotiations with the west, permitting more shipping around the coast of Africa into the Sumatran Sea.  It is also hoped that China will permit the western guilds to operate along the coast of Meric beyond the western mountains.”
Juliet added, explaining, “Already, Juufet has been in contact with the headmen of several of the far eastern guilds.  The information he has provided us is encouraging.”  She asked Juufet to address the others.
Juufet stood and walked to the center of the moot room.  “At first, the chieftains over the Sumatran guilds resisted any increase of Phoenician shipping in their waters.  Only after long deliberations was I finally able to get some concessions from them, under the following conditions.  First, the pressure from China needed to be eased, and second, they want duties paid on all Phoenician cargos shipping their waters.  I believe such a thing is possible.
“The headmen of the Indian and Chinese shipping guilds have hinted their willingness to reduce their fleets if all restrictions are lifted on their use of the western overland spice routes, having open trade with Rome, no questions asked.  They have also expressed a desire for the copper, iron, and silver from the lands of Meric…that is, if the price is right.  There is also a possibility the guilds will permit passage of Phoenician traders through their waters to the western coasts of Meric, as long as those mariners keep their ships to coastal trading with the native peoples.  This might work out well, seeing that the local inhabitants have only small fishing and a few seagoing dugout boats of their own, they calling those boats ‘canoes’.”  Concluding, Juufet sat down.
After providing more detail about the political climate among the nations in the Great Sea region, Baalath turned the meeting over to Haudenosaunez from the lands of Meric, stating they might add additional enlightenment regarding the Phoenician trade issues.  Hyhoset and Tuosolmerica first rose to discuss the western trade guilds, those two women being the most involved in negotiations with them.
Hyhoset began.  “With the inclusion of the Great Sea Guilds into their partnership, those guilds we have long called the ‘Western Phoenician Trade Guilds’…which also includes the copper and iron mining guilds…have come to a consensus to change their name to the ‘Merica Guilds’, thus denoting a different, existing structure between the western and Great Sea shipping guilds.  The hope is to have the Great Sea guilds develop new trade routes along Africa and into the far eastern seas.  For those of the Great Sea guilds who wish to sail the Merica routes, it has been decided that all their navigators and helmsmen must be approved by or from the Mariner Navigators’ Guild.  This latter decision is not a request and is non-negotiable if we wish for continued cooperation with the Merica Guilds concerning Roman embargos.”
Tuosolmerica then went on to explain, “The Merica Guilds still intend to keep open trade with their Iberian cousins in Spain and to do so in a limited way with the states of Gallia and the Celtic German peoples in old MooDecd territories, along with other nations living about the Northern Sea.  Tosombabanna and I saw no major issues with this.  Believing that we were acting within the authority given us by the Haudenosaunez, we accepted their demands, feeling such limited trade that Rome might benefit from with those nations would still act restrictively upon that empire.  Also, by keeping the shipping guilds on our side, Rome will be robbed of the banking system the Hormaxians so desperately need to accomplish their global purposes.”
Tosombabanna stepped forward.  “It has been the art of the Phoenicians since before the fall of Atlantis to understand and manipulate the wealth of the globe.  It is an art learned well and not yet accomplished by the Sons of Horus with any of their political or religious manifestations they have created.  Rome is no different.  It must feed off the wealth and glory of its neighbor nations, ever expanding its sphere of influence if Rome wishes to survive as a world power.  In time, all the lands from Spain to the Northern Sea may well fall under the foot of Rome, including Britain.  This will prove to be of no lasting benefit to Rome, but will eventually bring to a finish any trade with the Merica Guilds.
“For the time being, the Iberian and Celtic markets must remain open for the Meric mining and shipping guilds.  It would be foolish on our part to attempt a coup on such trade.  After all, it is not our objective to bring Rome down in defeat…something that does not serve our purpose.  What we are attempting to accomplish here is to convince the Sons of Horus that is what our desire is to do.”  She grinned, “Keep those fools busy, seeking ways to prevent us from doing what we have no desire to do anyway!  It will focus their attention on Rome staying intact, allowing us to expend our energies keeping the banking and trading systems out of their hands.  Remember, he who controls the gold and the trade is truly the ruler of the world.”  Tosombabanna looked over toward SchroGarthTho.
SchroGarthTho addressed his fellow Haudenosaunez.  “To the south of the lands of Meric, the priests and rulers over the Azuunie grow restless to press their demon religion into our northern territories.  I fear that already the old gods of Egypt have begun to find sanctuary within the northern realm of Meric.  Even now, rough hewn statues of Astarte and small stone altars to other deities have been discovered along the banks of some of Merica’s more traveled waterways.   Although I do agree with the opinion of the council to gather the Phoenician Shipping Guilds into our fold to prevent Rome from stealing the gold and trade of the world, I fear it has come at future costs that may prove devastating to Merica.
“If, or when the people of Merica turn to serving the gods of Hormax, it will be difficult if not impossible to defend that land from southern Hormaxian invasion.  Can we defend any peopled nation that willingly abandons Iam when we refused to lift a finger to assist the pagan Carthaginians who did not know their right hand from their left?  I say we cannot.  Yet, should we allow the land of Meric to fall into shadows, where on Earth will there be found a land of escape from the wicked evils of Lucifer?  Thus, if Meric falls into darkness, must we bring it to ruin in order to resurrect it anew from the ashes, or do we abandon it forever to the evil fates?”
Noahashonie stood, extending her opened hand, palm out and fingers spread.  “The land of Meric cannot be abandoned to destruction nor can we defend a wicked world of men.  I have seen in my dreams the people of that world falter…are faltering, yet the Spirits do not cast them away.”  She turned toward the others, scanning the faces of those seated in the room.  “Atlantis must rise again.  It is a promise the Lady gave to Good King Philip.  Meric must survive to the ending days, a clean land, free of the bloodthirsty religions of the Sons of Hormax.  For good or ill, just as is the case with Rome, Meric must remain until its appointed time.  Somehow, in some way, my dreams tell me that the heart of Atlantis and the soul of Rome are to be collected into that land.
“New Atlantis must rise from the ashes of the old.  It is our responsibility, no matter the cost, to deliver those future fates to Meric.   Discipline those people should they falter, crush them down if they rebel?  Yes, if it is a necessary thing to do.  But to destroy them, or allow their destruction?  This cannot be permitted.  At all cost, we must preserve that world alive.”
Not everyone agreed with Noah.  BondaBoor stood.  “No, Lady Ashonie, Rome is growing too dangerous too fast!  It is a cruel nation, caring not for life or liberty for friend or foe.  Its very raping and pillaging of Carthage is proof enough to show that we cannot permit its existence until the birthing of New Atlantis if those days should be great.  This has been the nature of Rome for two hundred years.  I wonder if the world can survive that beast’s existence even until the coming child of Abraham.”
Noah began to argue with BondaBoor over the matter.  Before any of the others became involved in the growing discussion, Aphrodite entered the room, quickly followed by Chasileah and JoleckTosumie.  Aphrodite interrupted, “What you both say is true, Rome must be preserved and it must be ruined.”
All eyes turned to Aphrodite and the two Sky Children as they slowly walked into the center of the room.  Long had it been since Chasileah and Joleck had graced the Haudenosaunez’ company.  Not since the Persian Debacle when these women visited themselves upon these people had they been seen, the rumoring question being, ‘Had they survived the heated contest of those vicious sky battles that raged at the time?’ After the initial shock of seeing old comrades, and their joyous greetings, all those standing except for Noah took their seats, waiting upon the newly arrived guests.
Noah quickly seized the moment to introduce all the people in the room to the three, welcoming them to their company.  She kissed each one on the cheek before declaring who these people were.  All the Haudenosaunez knew Aphrodite.  As for the Sky Children, to some, they were strangers.
Noah placed a hand on Chasileah’s shoulder.  “This is Lord Governess Susquehanna, the woman chieftain I have so often told tales of.  She stood beside me as counselor and defender during the Atlantean Wars, risking her life, nearly dying to save me and to protect the promise of coming kings.  When she was taken from the field, I feared her injuries fatal.  Still, she refused special treatment to save her life until I drugged her into unconsciousness and her fellow attendants took her away.”
She then walked over to Joleck, brushing a hand gently across her face.  “This woman stood up beside me in the final battle in front of Paris, standing in for Susquehanna after being severely wounded earlier.  Lady Governess JoleckTosumie remained at my side until the Atlantean Wars came to their conclusion.  Yet that is not all.  This woman preserved my soul alive from damnation, by comforting me those many days when I stood before the evil miscreant so that a kingly seed might be brought into our world to fool the Dark Lord of the Abyss.  My very sanity I owe to this person who saved my mind by gathering my bad dreams to herself and then comforting me with sweet, passionate love songs so those dreams I might forget.”
Noah then kissed Joleck tenderly on the lips, recalling those hours of care given to her.  She whispered in her ear, “My bed is ever yearning for you.  Please remember me in coming days.”
Joleck nodded, promising she would, whispering, “This night after the moot?  It has been an arduous journey.  Will you return to me the favor and comfort me this night?”
Noah grinned, squeezing Joleck’s hand while kissing her again.  She then bowed low to all three of the women and silently returned to her seat.
Aphrodite addressed the group.  “The Council of HETH is soon upon us and I assure you, our enemies have not been sleeping since our last meeting.  Everything they are betting upon is to be found in their greatest creation yet…Rome.  Rome is to deliver them to world domination, ushering in their New World Order.  These facts we know, but must not allow our enemies to perceive we have that knowledge.
“So, for us at the upcoming council, we must lift up our voices in protest over the harsh treatment meted out to Carthage and the other unfortunate city-states standing in Rome’s path to world dominance.  We must act in a manner that does not reveal our knowledge of our enemies’ intent and purposes.  By concentrating on the human suffering aspect…a fair and legitimate argument in and of itself…we will shift attention away from our enemies finding out we know Rome’s real purpose.  This approach may also work out for the benefit of Rome’s surrounding neighbors.  To placate us, the sons of Hormax may make a pretense to show concern for the welfare of the people, slowing down the displays of callous indifference Rome shows for human life.
“The future of Rome is of deep concern to powers far greater than the sons of Hormax.  Governesses Susquehanna and Joleck have informed me that a very important leader from among the rebel league of Sky Children is going to be at the upcoming council.  A certain ‘SalakTaqadam’…at least that is the name he calls himself now…the vilest and most evil of men, ruthless and diabolical, his reputation for cruelty and murder well known across our universe.  He is right hand man to Samyaza’s chief lieutenant, Lord Godenn.  If SalakTaqadam is coming to this upcoming council, it means Samyaza has tremendous interest in the future of Rome.  It would also explain why Rome acts with such cruelty toward any who oppose it.  Salak and Godenn are well practiced in the arts of torture and suffering.”
Chasileah offered a warning.  “Salak is a wizard extraordinaire, his self-induced visions still studied by students of existential, stellar mathematics.  His powers are uncanny, even for most of the Sky Children.  He is a most dangerous man!  Just like some of you who can smell one of Asotos’ lieges, Salak will be able to smell you and remember your scent to later search you out.  The Council of HETH convenes three days hence.  Other than those who are to gather at the council, may I suggest, for your own sakes, please be departed from this island long before his arrival.”
She then concluded, “Hyhoset and Lady Ashonie are no strangers to the enemy.  Their scent is well known even among the Worm’s house, and their presence will also be expected.  Also, considering the need to have our sister Susannah at the council because of coming events in the eastern lands, I recommend that she attend this moot of HETH.  My recommendation is also for the remainder of you to depart Mona before the ending of the day tomorrow.”
Lumdon stood.  “My Lady Susquehanna, it is of little value that I should depart this island.  Merlin is well known among the peoples from Britain all the way to Rome.  Little good will it do to hide my scent from that evil wizard.  The entire island reeks of it!  Wiser it would be to allow me to accompany you to the moot.  Mona is my island.  It is better that the enemy sees that I take ownership of it.  If the others of the Haudenosaunez have not yet been discovered by this wizard, better will it be to keep that Salak fellow distracted by my offensive odor at the council.”
Aphrodite argued against Lumdon’s request, feeling it wise for him to remain as the secretive Merlin instead, stating that the enemy currently saw him as a strange fellow with a few uncanny powers, something that was not that uncommon among the children of the Lower Realms.  Lumdon continued to defend his need to attend the upcoming meeting, pointing out that several of the other Haudenosaunez, including Ladies Tobanahazz and Drakous, had participated in earlier moots of HETH, and that their activities in Rome were not compromised by their presence.  Soon, others joined the argument, some agreeing with Lumdon while others sided with Aphrodite.
Chasileah finally interrupted what was becoming a rather animated discussion.  “Please!  Please!  Enough it is that our enemy ever troubles us.  Why go to war over such a little matter?”  She swept her hand about in gesture.  “Are we…you not all free men and women?  Yes, it is true that the body chooses who goes to these moots, but does not each individual in that body have an equal say in who does?  And do we not also have the right to choose the time of our own death, if that is what we wish?  If that is so, then to the body may I suggest the decision be made regarding the matter of our brother’s fate, and to their decision may we all submit.  Is that an acceptable thing to do?”
Everyone agreed.  So a vote was taken by a show of hands, the majority deciding to give Lumdon permission to attend and participate in the upcoming Council of HETH.  Lumdon bowed low, thanking Susquehanna for her wise recommendations.  He then offered a suggestion that they force an agreement with their opponents at the meeting to make Mona a sanctuary island for as long as it remained the HETH location.  This was unanimously agreed upon, Chasileah feeling it imperative that such a thing should be done.
When all discussion concerning this matter was finished, BondaBoor again stood.  “I must still have clarity on how we are to preserve Rome and ruin Rome at the same time.  Please, Mother Aphrodite, you have made this pronouncement.  Please explain it to us.”
Aphrodite nodded approvingly.  “Rome is a beast, but not just a most fearsome and destructive one.  No, for many years ago, Sodasonie declared to Susannah’s great grandson, Daniel, that such a beast was to arise.  Now, this is no secret to any of us, but allow me further explanation.  Our sister, Tuosol, ‘Lady Merica’ as most of you call her now, is the Keeper of the Dark Passage, something that is secret to all mankind and even to most of the Sky Children, including Governess Michael, the purveyor of future events, and these women with us today.  It is to Tuosol, Governess Sodasonie, and also me that secrets regarding Rome and this Dark Passage have been revealed.
“In the end of days, when all knowledge of good and bad is exposed before the world of men so that each man and woman may choose with understanding the road taken for life or destruction, the secret of the Dark Passage will be made known.  But for all of you here, I will tell you this.  The beast that Governess Sodasonie foretold to Daniel does not go out of existence, but it, itself, becomes the New Atlantis that will rise above all other nations until it pitches them into the Abyss where their overlord and his demon hordes have been thrown.”
There was an audible gasp, followed by quiet whispers as the Haudenosaunez spoke with their fellows over this revelation.
When again she had the others’ attention, Aphrodite continued.  “The promised seed through which all hope is to come will, one day, sit upon the throne of that beast and bring down the house of Lucifer through word and wit, capturing forever the heart and soul of that beast to do his bidding.  ‘Yehowahboam’ is that man’s name, meaning ‘The man who stands in the place of God’.  It will be in the days of his standing up that our sister, Lady Merica, will deliver the Dark Passage to its end, giving to her king the power of the universe so that all that is to be accomplished will be accomplished, and all the prophetic words will be fulfilled.
“So, like a caterpillar must morph to grow into a butterfly, Rome must morph through its ruin, not yet to become a butterfly, but from caterpillar to caterpillar until the coming king wraps his cocoon of power about it, turning it into the butterfly that will lead all nations of mankind to freedom or destruction, depending upon the roads chosen.  So it must be that we, the Children of Light, destined to live into those final days, must bring to ruin this power of Rome while preserving it safely in our cocoons of direction so that it can emerge again to continue its journey’s destiny.  We…you and me…will ruin it, and we…you and me…will give it new life.”
She lifted a hand.  “This will not come about in a day or a year. Lengthy is the time before all this will be accomplished.  Seeing that the battle will be long-lasting, we cannot waste our energy on fruitless endeavors or on saving the world of mankind from the violence the beast will deliver upon them.  We must remember our objective, and we must never permit our enemy to gain knowledge of the purpose for our clandestine activities.  Our personal feelings we must set aside for this greater purpose.  Already, our brethren Sky Children have sacrificed their lives and fortunes to deliver this future day.  So we must also do the same.  Our blood, our souls, our very being must be placed upon the altar of sacrifice if we are to be successful.”
JoleckTosumie spoke up.  “The War Council has authorized me to inform you that it will lend you whatever support is necessary for you to accomplish your objectives, clear to the point of committing ourselves to war, if need be.  Already there is a well-equipped navy at station in your quadrant, if you should have need of it.  We have learned the value of keeping a military force within the vicinity of the Earth, seeing how quickly fortunes of war can change.  We cannot afford another twenty-one day delay, if such a portal loss should occur again.”
Chasileah then addressed the group.  “My kind are not only willing to assist you with the taming of Rome, but also with the many incursions of the enemy against you in the lands of Meric.  The boundary complaints were loud at the last Council of HETH, and I expect them to be more intense at the upcoming one.  The Hormaxian overlords in the Southlands are demanding that the old territorial lines drawn up in the time of Noah be respected, forcing the kingdom of Meric to surrender up its southern territories that were once the property of the sons of Ham.  We have long argued that all the lands north and to the east of Lake Tecatucutan were handed over to the sons of Japheth after the Great Bantoowazzi War, and also that only by the demise of Old Atlantis were those same overlords able to reclaim the Southlands, they being captured by Dungie, the son of Javan, the one given legal authority by Governess Sodasonie to take the lands for his kindred.
“The Overlords of Hormax have argued that the shores of Lake Tecatucutan are over one hundred twenty Roman leagues further south than when Javan won his war against AnahNakaNoah so, at best, the southern nations should possess those lands north to where the old lakeshores existed.  We have resisted those demands by pointing out the maritime laws to which they also agreed, stating that any new lands that grow from the old and are connected to the old, or are within one league’s distance from that mainland, are to automatically become the property of the kingdom possessing that mainland.  This has neither pacified nor dissuaded them from continuing their arguments against us.
“I do fear that if an agreement cannot be reached at this moot, then there well might come some mischief by the Southland Hormaxian overlords to take those lands by force, if necessary.  By taking in the Eastern Phoenician Trade Guilds, you have opened the doors of Merica to the intrusion of false gods and deities.  I believe that the Hormaxian priests will capitalize on this to sneak their bloodthirsty religion into those lands as well.  They are aware that, should they succeed, we will be forced to withdraw our protection from the land of Meric, and possibly bring ruination upon it for its apostatizing against Iam, the recognized God of that land.”
Tosombabanna stood, asking, “So how are we to bring a halt to such mischief if and when it may occur, that is, if we are permitted to do such a thing?”
Chasileah answered, frowning, “The land of Meric must remain a cleansed land or be returned to such a state if it is contaminated by the corruption of Hormax.  Let me say this.  It is not necessarily the worshiping of false deities that will bring the wrath of Iam down upon the land of Meric.  After all, the people of your world do not have clarity regarding gods and lords, so they must find their own way for worship at the moment.  Until the day that Iam is revealed in the Heavens for all to see and know the way, that is how it will remain with the people of your kind.  My kind have no excuse concerning the Maker of Worlds, so heavy is the curse upon any one of us rebelling against known truths.
“No, what corrupts the souls or the nation of men is when the religion of the priests of Hormax is permitted and practiced among the people of the land.  The sacrificing of children through death or rape, the making of Zaelocks, the cutting out of the heart and drinking down of the blood, sacrificial murdering, the cutting off of the female parts or the open worship of Lucifer…these are among the forms of Hormaxian religion that will quickly bring the wrath of the gods upon the world of men.  Iam is not to be mocked and yet should the person live.
“So it is to be by whatever means necessary, you must halt any intrusion of that debased religion into the lands of Meric.  By the power of your own might, I do not believe such a thing can be done successfully and, should time and circumstances prevent our intervention, you would surely lose your fight against that religion.  I have then, the following recommendations for you, things that you can do within the common laws of the World Court, things that the Hormaxian overlords already attempt to do.”
She pointed at Noah.  “Lady Ashonie has had standing by her side down to this day a loyal bodyguard made up of the sons of the Templars…the same Templars who protected her husband Javan in days long ago.”  She then pointed at Rae.  “Lord Tomassie has a loyal core of faithful Mariners in his service who already man a fleet of submarine boats.  Take from these people the most trustworthy and bring them into your fold by creating secret orders that they may function in.  Teach those people the ways of the North.  Have them infiltrate the very organizations of the Hormaxians and instruct them in all the ways of righteous treachery and deceit.
“Time has also arrived for the lands of the west to disappear from the minds of men in the east.  Already the priests of Hormax have spread stories and myths concerning how the world began and the many gods and demons that populate this planet.  Use their false tales to instill fear and ignorance in the hearts of the eastern peoples, so that soon the knowledge of the western worlds will fade into forgetfulness.  At the same time, we will be busy at what appears to be our efforts to bring down the enemy’s crowning glory, Rome.  If we are successful with this deception, the priests of Hormax will focus their attention on preserving their cherished beast alive, paying little heed to the isolation of Meric or the reasons for it.”
Chasileah concluded her counsel with those comments.  After that, a long discussion ensued far into the morning hours, with those gathered working out the details of how best to accomplish the Haudenosaunez’ purposes.  After an early breakfast, several individuals began making preparations to depart except for Chasileah, Joleck, Aphrodite, Noah, Hyhoset, Susannah, and Lumdon who hurried away for a private conference, catching a few winks of sleep later that morning.

This upcoming Council of HETH was to become most notable, and not only for its import regarding the future of Rome.  The charge of the Haudenosaunez was at a historical turning point.  Tribes, kingdoms, and nations of men would now be viewed from a global perspective.  The beast that was eventually to wrap its tentacles about the planet was clearly alive, and the Haudenosaunez must do their part for it to fulfill its destiny.  Now all of their activities must be weighed upon the scales of universal importance, because the future roads taken by the world of humans would even affect the destiny of the realms of the gods.  Forever would the blood of men and angels be mixed upon the altars of war and uncertainty…the future...the fate of one the same as the other.  The new age was begun that very day.

Decisions laid down at the Haudenosaunez moot were:
Juufet and Susannah (Serah) were to continue their activities in the east until all major prophecies concerning the offspring of Abraham were accomplished.  Hilga (Lady Heidi Tomassie), BondaBoor (Lord Bruxelles), and Lumdon (Merlin), were to continually press Rome from lands outside and subjugated to the Empire.  Baalath (Lord Beaufort), Juliet (Lady Tobanahazz), and Swalhawena (Lady Drakous) were to stir the pot from within the Empire.
KontinKuken was to keep a weather eye on Egypt and the northern African regions, knowing that Rome’s sights were ever fixed upon further conquest since its destruction of Carthage.  For the time being, he would remain a quiet, alert observer, watching the political scene for signs of Roman intentions.  Aphrodite warned him, “Be wary my son, for the beast always sleeps with one eye open.  Any hint of wakefulness must be reported to us as soon as may be.”
Cothath (Lord Langlin) and Hyhoset (Queen Monacan) teamed up to gather the House of Templar hosts, those most loyal of the Templar descendants who still joined themselves together for the protection and care of their Lord Javan’s queenly wife, Noahashonie.  With Noah’s assistance, these chosen men and women would be taught in the arts and clandestine ways of the Haudenosaunez, creating the first of several secret orders that would operate around and within the Hormaxian mystery societies, affecting the destiny of nations up to and through the rise of New Atlantis.  The House of Templar Hosts would infiltrate the innermost sanctums of the houses of Hormax to the level of becoming personal counselors to overlords in the houses of the Gray Hearts and White Warlocks, eventually giving their name ‘Templar’ to an order of knights that served under the banner of the Holy Roman Empire in later wars over Jerusalem, an order they manipulated for hundreds of years.
Rae Tomassie took to the building up of an undersea navy the likes of which remained unparalleled until far into the ending days.  Hundreds of the Submariners he gathered to his fold were children of or descended from the Haudenosaunez, thus having extra long lives and strong bloodline loyalties to the Haudenosaunez’ cause.  Rae’s navy roamed the global oceans, carrying out or assisting in clandestine activities, also patrolling waters around the western lands of the northern and southern Mericas to prevent unwanted intruders.  In time, this undersea navy would develop ships that could sail both the seas and the skies, even to the point of slipping free of Earth to sojourn to other planets in the star system.
Tuosolmerica (Queen Cheyenne [Tucson] Merica), Tosombabanna (Queen Nicola Rose Carrier), and SchroGarthTho (Chief Secotan TewaTeton also later known as ‘Sir Robert Henry’, knighted by Queen Elizabeth I of England for the role he played in rescuing English sailors and noblemen from a Spanish galleon off the Coast of Florida), returned to the lands of Meric.  They would use what powers they possessed to stem the tide of Hormaxian religion, hoping to keep the land free of its corrupting influence.  They would also work with the various trade and mercantile guilds, holding for the time being the power of the banking and shipping systems against the rising tide of the Roman beast’s quest for world domination.
Noahashonie (Lady Ashonie), the Black Angel, would join Aphrodite in overseeing the complexities of balancing the activities of the Haudenosaunez in their many and varied roles against the counter measures of the Hormaxian overlords in their attempt to create a New World Order.  In coming years, the Sons of Hormax would learn firsthand the reason the woman acquired the name ‘Black Angel’, a lesson that would never be forgotten by them.  In future days, even her demonic enemies would gain a new and fearful respect for this gorgon witch queen.

*    *    *

Swalhawena lay on her back, snuggling into the thick straw tic, the heavy breathing of her lover the lone reminder of passion’s earlier moments.  Lumdon slowly reached his arm across the woman’s breasts, gently drawing her close to him.  He softly whispered, “I love you, you know, more than the first time you gathered yourself into my arms oh so long ago.”
Tenderly kissing Lumdon on the cheek, Swalhawena cooed seductively, “I was but fifteen summers when you took me to your tent.  Since then, I have given to you six children and bedded you more times than there are stars in the sky, and you say that you love me more now?”  She tenderly stroked his face.  “And I do love you more than the first time you swept me away into your passionate dreams.”
The two lay there in silence, Swalhawena staring up into the darkness, listening to the night noises while savoring the feel of Lumdon’s warm breath on her neck.  Music of the crackling blaze flooded her mind with wistful visions of times long ago when her entire world was little more than a tiny tent of furs and her lover was a young woman-child, little her senior.  Such fond visions they were, too.
 She reached up and placed a hand on Lumdon’s arm, speaking in a voice that was plaintively nostalgic.  “I do so miss this place when I am in Rome.  The streets stink with pollution and excrement.  Never is there to be found a lonely place for quiet solitude, and ever are the people about, pushing and shoving their way to nowhere.  Then there are the brothels and slave pens, little children…boys and girls…bought and sold for the pleasure of some slovenly, fat ogre who cares not for a thing other than the probe his member will give to them.  And I, even though I do not dress seductively, I feel like little more than a piece of meat to be skewered on a manly post when I walk down the streets in the light of day and at night.  My blade has removed more than one unwanted suitor from this world.”
Brushing a hand across Lumdon’s face, Swalhawena moaned sadly, “I miss this place so when I am gone.  I miss you, our walks through the forest and adventurous forays into the dark, foreboding caves.  So much would I be happy to forever live in this mystic world of wonder with you by my side.”
Lumdon leaned up on an elbow, smiling down into Swalhawena’s placid face.  “With me, alone?  What about all your other loves and companions?  Would you abandon them forever just for my sweet romance?  I have heard tales that speak differently.”
Swalhawena reached up and gently pulled on Lumdon’s ear.  “Your house has several rooms.  I can find the time to woo my many lovers and still cuddle in your arms when the night winds blow.  Here in this place, with you, is where I prefer to be.  So much more would I rather become your Merlin priestess, teaching the world how to be at peace, than to be Lady Drakous… Dragon Fangs…flooding rivers with the blood I have shed…must yet shed.”
Lumdon squeezed Swalhawena’s hand.  “No place is safe from the demon hordes that pollute the worlds of both men and angels, Eden being our only true sanctuary of peace, and that being a place that we rarely occasion to visit.  This island will not remain a safe haven to time indefinite.  Blood will be shed here one day.  This you and I cannot stop.  We may well be a part of it.  Until that time, we each do our part to move the Fates forward toward the ending hour when all things will be reborn, and all mankind will become like you and me.”
Swalhawena pushed Lumdon onto his back.  Crawling atop him, she grinned, quietly laughing, “I must leave for that retched place on the morning tide, so I do not wish to waste this night on sleep.  Be a good fellow and give me another ride so that I will have these fond memories to take on the journey with me.”
Lumdon did not argue, surrendering quickly to Swalhawena’s sensuous kisses and touches.  Soon the music of the crackling fire was joined by songs of lovers playing upon the heartstrings of passionate desire.

*   *   *

CorithSion hugged her father, Baalath, tears of happiness streaming down her face.  The woman had just received her promotion to first mate, serving aboard the submarine boat, Corith, captained by Samantha Drakous, who also stood beside her father as he held CorithSion in his loving embrace.  Her face beaming, CorithSion looked into her father’s face, searching it for his approval, asking, “Has your child pleased you, Papa?  I have worked so hard to please you.”
His eyes beaming with proud delight, Baalath answered, “I am very pleased with my child, but it is you who has earned the first mate’s birth on Corith.”
“That’s true, Papa,” CorithSion replied.   “Twenty five summers is a young age to be made first mate, but I’ve served aboard these boats since I was eleven.  I survived the torpedoing of Hawkeye, helping to save the boat from sinking to the bottom of the Atlantean Sea by swimming underwater through three flooded compartments to reach the shutoff valve to the broken water pipe that was flooding the hull.  I was only fourteen at the time.”
Baalath agreed, tussling Corith’s hair.  “Yes, that is so.  You are the bravest sailor I know…not just brave, but smart and full of wit.  And here you are, ready to be second officer in command of a first rate submarine boat!”
Samantha took her father’s arm while looking at her half sister.  “Well, I wouldn’t say Corith is a ‘first rate submarine boat’, never was… too small for that, you know.  It’s getting dated, too, having sailed on its first patrol just before the Second Punic War.  Even after her recent refit, the boat is showing her age.  Those new navigation and weapons systems are a great improvement, but she’s still no match against the newest of Hormaxian submarine boats.  That being said, Corith is tough.  It can take a real beating and still safely bring her crew home…always has.”
Baalath lifted Samantha’s chin, peering into her eyes.  “I think there’s a lot to be said about its commanding officer bringing the boat’s crew home.  I’ll trust my life to her any time, always have…always will.”
Samantha blushed, thanking her father.  She reached up and began rubbing an ache in her shoulder, speaking about her future.  “I believe this will be my last tour as a Submariner.  Maybe they’ll retire us both when Corith returns here next year, giving me some desk job where I can captain a quill for a while, they being too kind to throw an old crust like me out of the service after all my years.  I imagine Corith will be converted into a mail hack and short haul light packet until they bring her into the scrap yard.”
Baalath put his arm around Samantha’s shoulders.  “You’ve captained that boat since she was first commissioned.  As I recall, it was your first warship to command.”
“Yes, Papa,” Samantha replied, smiling. “Submarining is all I’ve ever known.  Mother weaned me the day before I was delivered to Uncle Rae, growing up under his watchful eye.  I was only four years old.  Do you remember, Papa?”
Grinning as he recalled that day, Baalath answered, “Yes, yes I do.  When you were six, I watched you pilot AssuanSyeneII through the Straits of Hercules, the wheel of the boat twice your height.  You looked the part of a smart sailor too, all dressed up in that spanking new midshipman’s uniform your mother had made for you.”
Samantha looked down at the floor.  “You forget that Uncle Rae was standing beside me, just in case, you know?”
Baalath kissed his daughter on her forehead.  “True, maybe, but he never touched the wheel or issued any commands to set the trim or speed.  You did it all, and quite nicely, may I say.”
Glancing up, Samantha lamented, resigned, “That was long ago, Papa.  I’m feeling old, my days closing in upon me.  My hair has streaks of white in it, my face has wrinkles, my breasts sag, empty, and my womb has been barren for many long years.  What have I got, thirty maybe forty more years?  Then I shall also go the way of all mankind.”  She looked around sadly, “I will miss this, already do.  What is old age other than a crippling curse for those living it?  Better it is to die young in battle than to sit by the fire, fondly reminiscing about your wild adventures from days long ago.”
Baalath pooh-poohed Samantha’s remorseful confession.  “You speak so harshly of yourself.  I see the look in the eyes of young men, your reputation for sweet romance preceding you.  They still stand in line for a touch or kiss from you, or even to just get but one look upon your beautiful form.  Your practiced arts of love are renown among the men and women of this world.  If alone you find the bed empty, it is only because you wish for some uninterrupted rest.”
He then turned his attention back to CorithSion, taking her by the shoulders.  “Your brother, Richard, would be so proud of you.  He always admired his older sister so.”
A shadow grew on Corith’s face as tears welled up in her eyes.  “Did you know they found the wreckage field of SeaBreeze just over a month ago?  They figure it imploded long before it hit bottom, scattering pieces of wreckage across several miles of the sea floor.  The main part of the hull was discovered in a narrow valley some four thousand fathoms under the water’s surface.  Mother was told that salvage vessels hope to retrieve several of the crew’s remains.  We’re currently waiting news concerning my brother.  If they could find something, even a piece of Richard’s clothing, it would be so comforting to mother.”
Confirming his knowledge of the matter, Baalath told Corith, “I spoke with your mother just this morning about the matter.  I will be going to PoureaShihon as soon as business is finished here.  Your mother and I intend to travel to the ColdBar Submarine Base, arriving there to await the return of the salvage ships, hoping they will have something for us.  If possible, our son, your brother, will have a burial in Sailors’ Field, a proper resting place for all good Submariners.”
Corith hugged Baalath, the woman bursting into tears.  “I knew my father would do the right thing for my mother!  She loves you so, you know, her spirits always lifting when she hears news of your coming.”
Baalath wrapped his arms about Corith, gently patting her on the back.  “I do the best I can with what little time I can call my own.  So much your mother reminds me of the woman whose name you carry.  Her death has been well over fifteen hundred years but, for me, it is as though it was only yesterday.  The twinkle in your mother’s eyes and her haunting smile reminds me so much of her.  Of the many women I have shared my soul with, none have I loved quite like I have your mother.”
The whistle sounded on the submarine boat Corith, signaling the beginning of the second watch.  Samantha offered that she and her new first mate must take their leave to prepare for departure.  “Papa, I have dallied far too long.  The crew will fear I have abandoned them.”
After kissing her father, CorithSion asked, “Will you give mother my love, and tell her I do miss her and hope to see her as soon as may be.  It will be a while, I fear.  Corith departs for a patrol in northern waters.  From there, we will travel under the sea ice into the Sumatran seas, eventually scouting along the coasts of China and Sumatra.  It may be a year before we return to PoureaShihon.  Once there, we will see what the future holds.”
Baalath hugged his daughters goodbye, promising to do all the things requested of him.  He remained standing on the pier, silently watching until Corith quietly slipped beneath the harbor waters.  Already, he missed his children, wishing for a world far removed from the need to be ever vigilant against the machinations of the enemy.  True, they were not at war for the moment, but death below the waves still happened.  His son, Richard, was not the first of his children to have journeyed to their deaths in these iron coffins.  Yet, what else was there for it?  His life was no less dangerous, possibly more so.
Many thousands over so many ages had sacrificed so much to attain something they knew would not arrive in their lifetimes.  Samantha and CorithSion understood that sad fact also.  Whether their deaths came in fire and smoke, deep in the ocean’s crushing depths, or sitting beside a blazing hearth fire, aged and crippled up, death would reach them before they witnessed the victory they were sacrificing everything to attain.
Baalath slowly turned away from the docks.  Tomorrow, a fast undersea packet would arrive to take him to PoureaShihon.  He would remain with SuNidgha for whatever the time permitted, hopefully long enough to help soothe the pain from the loss of her youngest son.  He loved SuNidgha and was looking forward to seeing her again.  So much she reminded him of Corith, so much.
Baalath looked up at the rock-hewn ceiling of the immense submarine base cavern.  What would the world of simple, carefree men do if they really knew of the secret powers playing for the control of their planet?  Could anyone believe that such a hidden world existed, or that angels and men stood side by side to bring the evil in the universe to a finish?
The man smiled and shrugged as he slowly walked from the pier toward a small tavern not far away.  It mattered little, it was what it was.  Had he not been blessed or cursed to possibly live ever on to the ending days, would he have really cared who warred over control of the universe?  Would he have even wasted his time thinking about such things?  But now that he was in the middle of it?
Slipping his hands into the folds of his hooded cloak, Baalath began a jaunty, little whistling tune.  Tomorrow was soon enough to ponder the depth and breadth of weightier matters.  Tonight was the time to dream of the laughing green eyes and the sweet, loving touches of a woman he would soon be with, all this while he was sipping on a cool mug of sudsy ale.

*    *    *

SuNidgha’s fussing over her aged appearance reminded Baalath so much of Corith’s same disquiet concerning her own appearance those days so long ago.  SuNidgha sat naked on the side of the bed, her countenance morose. “How can you be so passionately in love with this…this…old woman?  Wrinkled and flabby I am, flat-breasted with a protruding belly!  Yet you say you are passionate to bed me at this very moment.”
Baalath laughed, “You’re such a tease.  Those little wisps of gray, smile lines, and motherly appearance only raise my passions that much the more.  Your breasts still intoxicate me, your warmth comforts me, and your field of lilies excites me.  I have held my passion in check for several days now, rejecting the younglings, because I knew an experienced temptress awaited me.  Now your coy pouting regarding your beauty only increases my desire to have you.”
SuNidgha blushed.  “You are the one who teases, Lord Beaufort.  I am an old woman, my youthful beauty only a memory.”  She placed a hand over her mouth, giggling, “But you do make me feel young again when you speak to me the way you do.”
Baalath silently studied SuNidgha.  She was a woman in her late fifties but, for someone her age, still quite attractive, her beauty maturing very gracefully.  Since those freedom days from her marriage, she had been wooed by many men, often several years her junior.  Indeed, in the world of the Submariner, older women were often highly sought after by the young men.  For some, it was the desire to bed a woman without fear of becoming a father.  For others, it was the desire to be with someone experienced in the arts of lovemaking.  Truth be told, only two months before, SuNidgha had bedded a young man only in his sixteenth year, his father bringing him to her for his first romantic experience.
Still, SuNidgha did not see herself as beautiful anymore, especially when in the company of Baalath, a man so profoundly handsome any woman, even a maiden, would surrender her flesh to him just to feel, once, his manhood within her.  Yet here this man sat naked beside her, his excited ardor proof of his flirtatious desires.
Before SuNidgha could make any more argument, Baalath pushed her down on the bed and climbed atop the woman, passionately kissing and fondling her, his gentle bites in sensuous places making her moan with pleasure.  Wrapping her arms about the man, she pulled him close, begging for his love.  Baalath did not need to be asked twice.  He whispered sweet endearments as he gathered his strength into her, continuing to sing love’s tunes in her ears while his manliness filled her up.  Long after he had exhausted his passions, the man remained holding the woman close, whispering sweet endearments as he nibbled on her ear.  When SuNidgha crooned about how wonderful his loving romance was, Baalath replied, “This was but the beginning of my joyous romping through your field of lilies this night.”
True to his word, little sleep did SuNidgha have that night, much to her delight.  The following morning found the two still entangled in each other’s embrace.  They did not leave the privacy of their inner chambers until the evening dinner hour.  In the meantime, they had waked several times to rekindle their romancing fires.

Three days later, Baalath and SuNidgha sat beside the dock, waiting to board a submarine packet that would take them to the ColdBar Submarine Base.  SuNidgha’s rosy cheeks and carefree smile belied the romancing she had received from Baalath since his stepping ashore in PoureaShihon.  Only this late morning time did the two finally rise and bathe, needing to prepare to depart for ColdBar.  Looking at her companion, SuNidgha wished that Baalath would never have to leave her, but sadly knew it was not to be.  Baalath’s stay with her when returning to PoureaShihon would depend on how long their visit was to last at ColdBar and what news the salvage ships might have for them.
The coxswain soon opened the narrow side hatch in the submarine boat while two other crew members set the gang plank.  She called for the waiting passengers to board, suggesting they get settled in quickly.  “We will be casting off within the hour.  Please make yourselves comfortable in the passengers’ cabin.  The steward will be around shortly to assist you with settling in.”  She then ushered them aboard.
Baalath and SuNidgha gingerly made their way down the dock and across the gang plank behind the other passengers, carefully squeezing through the narrow gangway and into the entry room that also served as the boat’s galley. To their right, toward the bow, through another hatch was the bridge where Baalath could see the ladder that led up to a squat conning tower and deck hatch.  Further forward the bridge were the officers’ quarters and mail room.  The steward motioned for the passengers to turn to their left, toward the stern of the boat.
Stepping through hatchway, Baalath and SuNidgha entered into what was once the crew’s quarters and mess, but were now converted to a dining room and passengers’ lounge.  There were four curtained berths further abaft the room, with two bunks in each berth.  Just beyond the berths was the common head with two tiny stalls.  The total length of the passengers’ lounge was about sixteen long cubits deep, and six in width.  There were two long, polished metal tables at the fore end of the lounge, fastened both to the wall and floor, with seating for seven at each table.  These tables also served as the medical station when circumstances necessitated it.  The floor itself was only five cubits from wall to wall, the walls being bulbous, extending to their six plus cubits width, going up and over the domed ceiling that was little taller than a man at its center height.
The short haul light packet was of similar design to the submarine boat, Corith, both being listed as RML Class torpedo boats, the R standing for ‘Ram’ and the ML for ‘Mine Laying’.  This class of boats had been designed and built around the time of Alexander the Great to counter the sudden buildup of massive navies in the Great Sea, primarily to support the Phoenician mercantile guilds after the fall of Tyre, and to protect Carthage so that the guilds could reestablish their banking empire in that city.  It was often through the use of these ‘sea monsters’ that Carthage’s battle fleets gained the upper hand in the early contests against the rising tide of Greek and Roman sea power.
The RML Class torpedo boat was small in comparison to the majority of undersea craft of either the Phoenician Submariners or Hormaxians.  At less than fifty five cubits in length, sixteen cubits in width, and ten cubits in total height (the small conning tower making up about three cubits of that height), these little submarine boats could slip into shallow harbors and inlets undetected.  While running on the surface, they could navigate in as little as a fathom and a half of water.  The drive engines and energy systems of the Submariners’ undersea boat fleets were modified designs of machinery used on the sky ships given to Noah and others of the Haudenosaunez by the Sky Children, the RML Class torpedo boats using smaller, hybrid concepts of those drives found on larger craft.
Rae and his engineering teams converted the ion, red mercury motors to be excited by ordinary sea water, thus extending the fuel cell life of the self-regenerating, crystalline-iron batteries to several years.   This, combined with the air filtration systems and full spectrum lighting, made it possible for his submarine boats to remain submerged for months at a time and to remain on station for years, if necessary.  Because of the other exotic materials used in building these denizens of the deep, with proper maintenance and refitting, the typical submarine could easily have an active life span of over two hundred years.
The converted RML that Baalath and SuNidgha were traveling on to the ColdBar Submarine Base was nearly two hundred years old.  In the forward hull, beyond the officers’ quarters…the rooms where the extendable hydraulic ram compartment, two torpedoes, and single torpedo tube station were once located…were now the mail and light freight rooms, an upper deck hatch providing access to those compartments.  The rear of the boat, abaft the passenger lounge, was filled with the drive engines, operating machinery, and space for additional freight, located where the six mines used to be stored.  This was also home for the five sailors who made up the remainder of the boat’s eight person crew, the coxswain, first officer, and captain’s quarters being forward.
When in its fighting trim, this RML Class boat had a complement of twenty-eight sailors and marines.  Now most of the former crews’ quarters were converted to provide space for passengers, although the mess, head, and showers were shared by both crew and passengers.  The galley remained basically the same except for the removal of the side hatch, undersea boarding tube and inner safety containment bulkhead, used in case there had been a water breech when the tube was in use.  Part of this space was now used to store the collapsible gangplank and additional safety and firefighting equipment.
This mail packet was designed for a maximum of sixteen passengers, two sharing a berth and taking meals at different assigned times.  Often, as was the case on this trip, the assigned times were only loosely held to, a tired passenger taking to any of the empty bunks when he or she desired to take a needed rest.  Shortly after the packet was underway, SuNidgha excused herself for a short nap that lasted several hours.  Baalath sat down at one of the tables and was soon absorbed in a quiet discussion with two of the other passengers.

(Author’s note:  It was typical on most passenger/freight submarine boats of the era that people would share bunks, taking turns sleeping in the narrow berths and also alternating the dining times.  On fighting submarines, where the crews were usually divided into three or four shifts, it was common for three crew members to share one bunk, each sailor having a small locker called a ‘chest’ to keep his or her personal belongings in.  There was no gender separation on board a submarine boat, any privacy limited to little more than a thin curtain that could be pulled closed in front of the double berth.  The baths…showers and sinks…were in common rooms as well as the heads, with little more than curtains for privacy.
This was not considered exceptionally extreme for the Submariners.   The culture of these people was very open and casual, even in the ways of relieving nature and conjugal romance.  There were no marriage regulations found in the undersea world of Rae’s Submariners.  A man and woman might couple together a period of time, establishing a family lifestyle to raise children or for other personal reasons.  But even then, intimate romance was often casually practiced with other willing partners, sometimes carrying on such affairs with that lover while their spousal partner was in the same room or even the same bed.
This mindset carried over to the Submariners’ lives while aboard their boats.  Few sailors wore clothing while out to sea other than a loin covering at times, along with a cap or hat to signify rank and station.  In off-duty hours, sailors often openly indulged in intercourse, filling the crews’ quarters with a chorus of romance’s music.  The officers might be a little more discreet with such liaisons, seeing they needed to maintain a certain air of authority among the crew, usually limiting their partners to within the ranks of their fellow officers.
There was a different decorum to be found on the passenger submarine boats, for several reasons.  The majority of sailors making up the crews of such boats were of the Merchant Submariners.  These people were often older, and frequently retired military sailors, being naturally more reserved in the ways they expressed public affection.  Nudity was also less common, especially while on duty, sailors often wanting to be easily identifiable to the passengers.  Then there was the status of the boat itself.  On a passenger/freight packet, and even more so aboard the much larger passenger ferries, which were often converted HT (‘Heavy Transport’)class or similar size purpose-built submarine boats, crews were expected to maintain a certain protocol that represented the boat’s higher status.
As for the short haul, light packets like Baalath and SuNidgha were on, life was a great deal more casual between passengers and crew.  Still, for the most part, the crew remained busy with their duties, mixing only in company with the passengers when circumstances necessitated it.  Whatever activities they involved themselves in during off-duty hours were hidden behind forward and aft bulkheads.  During their trip to ColdBar, Baalath noticed little fraternizing between crew and passengers.)

The trip from PoureaShihon to the ColdBar Submarine Base took about twenty hours. The packet’s mooring lines tied up to a floating dock about zero seven hundred hours the following day.  Baalath and SuNidgha eventually made their way from the cramped confines of the boat onto the dock, instinctively stretching while sucking in deep breaths of fresh air.  Taking SuNidgha’s hand, Baalath made his way from the dock to the waiting motor coach that would get them to the reception area.  They passed by nearly two dozen sailors and machinists, all dressed in the native garb of the ‘topside’ people who lived in the ‘outer world’, preparing to depart for those places by the same packet the two had arrived in.  After everyone had boarded the coach, they were soon on their way toward the reception center that was located over a mile away, past the dry docks, repair shops, warehouses, and boatyards.
ColdBar Submarine Base was austere at best.  This was the Submariners’ version of a military base, and its appearance very much reflected it.  Guard towers and armed check points were everywhere.  Barracks provided most of the housing, the few private dwellings to be found being reserved for upper ranking base officers and their families or the occasional guest visitor.  Unlike PoureaShihon, one of several Submariner small cities hidden away from the rest of the world, ColdBar had few permanent residents.  This place was no frills, all business, off limits, and even secret to unauthorized personnel.  Few roamed freely about this base.
After arriving at the reception center, Baalath, SuNidgha and the others waiting news of loved ones on SeaBreeze, were ushered into a briefing room to be welcomed by the base headman.  From there they were taken to their rooms to freshen up before being served a late breakfast.  The remainder of the day was spent lounging about the guest areas or taking a desired rest.  A light buffet was provided for those who desired a snack.  Later in the afternoon, a military music ensemble set up in the dining hall, playing for the growing number of guests who had been arriving throughout the day.
That evening, all the visitors were taken to the base’s main dining hall which had been decorated in brightly colored banners and bunting.  A giant painting of the submarine boat SeaBreeze hung on the dining hall wall with smaller paintings of each of its seventy four officers and crew placed on easels around the room’s outer perimeter.  After the invited guests were seated, dozens of uniformed attendants catered a formal dinner that included foods often found on board submarine boats.
During dinner, a small orchestra played quiet, sweet, soothing music while singers occasionally joined in with some popular tune or other.  The range of music was varied, considering that the Submariners had been gathered from across the western worlds.  From the children of Carthage to the Iberians and to the sons of Meric, thousands of trustworthy men and women had been collected by Rae and his brethren to build this global navy.  Many of these people who joined eventually decided to remain for life in the secret worlds of the Submariners, raising families that followed in their father’s or mother’s footsteps.
By SuNidgha’s day, several generations of Mariners might be serving in the submarine fleets at the same time, filling a boat’s crew with many blood kin.  Brothers, sisters, cousins, aunts, uncles, nieces and nephews might all be found serving on one submarine boat, making this a family affair.  This family connection created a strong bond of loyalty among the Mariners, but it also led to sorrowful loss for kindred when disaster struck.  Rae had attempted to reduce this potential loss to blood kin, but the dividing of family members up by assigning them to other boats was so strongly resisted, it was given up.  The tragic results of such filial loyalty were clearly evidenced by the destruction of SeaBreeze.
One series of painting’s posted together provided sad proof why it was so dangerous for families to serve aboard the same submarine boat.  Paintings of seven people from one family…the father and mother, brother, two sons, a daughter, and a cousin…their lives all snuffed out when SeaBreeze plunged into Neptune’s depths, were posted together in a neat row.  Three women, one older and two much younger with small children, along with two men, stood together, weeping over their loss.  How many times had Baalath witnessed this same mournful celebration of death, and how many more times would he do so before this madness ended?  He did not know.  Too often already he had participated in this commemoration for the mortality of man, and he feared more festivals like this were yet to come.
As he sat there, waiting for the others to finish their dinner meal, Baalath pondered the possible fate of the submarine boat Corith.  Two daughters, three grandchildren, and four great grandchildren walked in that iron coffin, yet its demise would not be the first time he lost so many offspring to some calamity.  Well, what else was there for it?  Even Samantha, his and Swalhawena’s daughter, stood no chance of seeing this evil world come to a finish before her life ended peacefully or not.  She knew it.  They all knew it.  But it made little difference to them.  When the bells called them to their duties, whether it be to victory or death, they willingly stepped up to their posts.  He mused maybe it was easier to face the struggle of sacrifice and death knowing that the candle of life burned for but one watch, one duty call.  For him, the hour glass never stopped turning over anew, his soul ever watching death upon death of children and lovers.
When the evening came toward its end, four female and four male midshipmen from the submarine salvage vessels Crowler and Kempton gathered individual families of SeaBreeze’s officers and crew, personally delivering to them the paintings of their lost kindred.  Attired in all the finery of the Submariners’ dress uniforms…uniforms that Rae Tomassie had copied from the style worn by Sky Children navy pilots…these officers quietly comforted the bereaved by providing answers to many questions and giving some closure by offering possible explanations for their loss.  They then gave to each of the people gathered there a small piece of the submarine that had been salvaged from the wreckage site, something that for many would be treasured for generations.
 When the evening finally came to a close, other attending officers accompanied the invited guests back to the reception center, remaining in the lounge with those who wished to linger about awhile before taking to their rooms for the night.  SuNidgha was nearly exhausted from the day’s activities, wishing to retire shortly after arriving back at the center.  Baalath accompanied her to the room, comforting her through her weeping hours until the woman slowly drifted off to sleep.

The following day dawned early for SuNidgha and Baalath.  They were up for a quiet breakfast by eight bells, being among the first of the families awake and be about so early that morning.  As soon as they had breakfasted, a junior officer approached, asking if they would accompany him to the admiral’s quarters.  After arriving, SuNidgha and Baalath were ushered into a side reception room, there to be greeted by an adjutant to the base commander.  In the privacy of that office, the adjutant gave to SuNidgha a small teak box, sealed and engraved with her son Richard’s name and official seaman’s title on the box.  It was explained to her that within the box were some of Richard’s ashes from his remains found at the wreck site along with a small amount of sand gathered from the sea floor at that same location.
Baalath silently stood beside SuNidgha as she quietly wept after being given the wooden box, the woman tenderly stroking its lid, her fingers lovingly fondling the gold-filled engraving of her son’s name.  With trembling lips, she spoke to the box as if her son was there listening to her sad songs of endearment and lament.  So good it was to have in her possession a little piece of Richard’s soul, something she could always touch and hold in remembrance of him.  Standing beside SuNidgha, his arm about her waist, Baalath understood the reason for this very private meeting.
Long ago it had been decided by the leadership over the Submariners that, generally, all the remains of sailors and crews of the submarine boat fleets that were retrieved after a disaster at sea such as happened with SeaBreeze would be cremated, those ashes mixed with some of the nearby sea floor then given to grieving families and loved ones.  This custom was well known among relatives of the Submariners and was accepted, many a finely crafted silver and gold inlaid box being found on mantles in the Mariners’ humble homes.  What was not generally known, in fact was quite secret throughout the ages of the Submariners, was the process by which the families came about receiving the remains of their loved ones.
 When a submarine boat sank in shallow waters, the entire crew might be interred within the vessel until it was later located and, if possible, raised to be either rebuilt or scrapped for parts.  In such cases, remains of the crew could be easily identified.  While this was true, it still was the custom to cremate the remains and deliver those ashes to the grieving loved ones.  Also, any salvageable personal effects that were come upon would be delivered to the family or families.  What ashes of the cremated crew remained after the wooden boxes or carved stone urns had been filled were placed in a common container with the boat’s name on it along with a complete list of the officers and crew serving on her.  This container was then placed inside a granite memorial tomb dedicated to the boat and crew located in the Sailors’ Field Cemetery, situated far back in the natural caverns beyond the city of PoureaShihon, the Submariners’ capital city.
In the case where a submarine boat was destroyed in combat or sank into the crushing depths of the ocean, few remains of the crew might be found, sometimes only a scattering of bones or possibly some rotted rags that had once been uniforms.  This was the greatest fear the families and loved ones of a Submariner had, that never again would they have any reminder of their child, sibling, parent or other cherished loved one to touch or hold.  So it was decided that in such disasters all the remains found would be gathered together and collectively cremated, the sea sand being mixed in to fill the memorial boxes when necessary.  If individual property was salvaged from these wrecks, it would also be given to the family members of that person.
Since it was common knowledge that there was often little chance of retrieving the remains of all the submarine boat’s personnel from such depths or after a boat’s violent destruction, the surviving families realized that even should they be so fortunate to have remains of their dear ones returned to them, so many others would have to grieve without a returning.  So it was decided by those in command to deliver the sealed, engraved boxes…originally it had been carved stone urns…privately to the grieving families in secluded rooms, far from other eyes.  The people receiving the boxes would be requested not to speak about it while in the company of the others…‘Just in case, you know.’  Also, at this time, any salvaged personal items that had belonged to the lost Mariners would be given to the families.
SuNidgha and Baalath were not only surprised but overjoyed to be given a new leather shoulder bag containing a seaman’s cap with Richard’s name sewn into it along with a few personal articles that had been discovered in an undamaged locker that he had been sharing with two other sailors.  Most exciting was to discover that the engraved, gold timepiece that Baalath and SuNidgha had given Richard on the day he shipped aboard SeaBreeze five years before, when he was but fourteen winters old, had been retrieved from the wreck.  Although the internal works were ruined by the seawater, just to have such a prize returned was like having a little bit of Richard’s soul there with them, they both fondly remembering the boy’s excitement at being given such a ‘wonderful present’.
Eventually SuNidgha and Baalath were returned to the reception center.  SuNidgha secluded herself away in her room for most of the day, coming out later that evening for a bit of dinner and some of the scheduled entertainment.  Baalath spent part of the day going around and conversing with several others lounging about the center’s many open rooms.  Baalath was fairly well known among the Submariners and their families.  Indeed, more than a few were his descendants, although many did not realize it.  Most who knew him were aware that he was a very old man, one of the Ancient Ones, like his daughter, Samantha.  He preferred to keep matters that way by his silence regarding his true age and who he really was.
The following morning, SuNidgha and Baalath were roused with the report that a packet for PoureaShihon would be departing at ten bells, giving them a little over two hours to gather up their belongings and take a light breakfast before being hurried to the waiting boat.  By zero nine-thirty hours, the two found themselves boarding another small RML-style packet submarine boat, this time with only about six other passengers.  The other people who had journeyed with them from PoureaShihon were going to wait for the evening submarine ferry, it being a purpose-built passenger boat.  Unlike the RML’s circuitous route that would take three days before making PoureaShihon, the ferry was going directly to the city before traveling to other ports.
SuNidgha and Baalath both wished to slip away from the other grieving families to enjoy a little private solitude in the company of strangers, which worked out well by departing early aboard this mail packet.  For the next three days, the packet made several stops at smaller undersea towns and bases, even making one clandestine rendezvous with a small schooner off the Meric coast where mail was exchanged and one passenger departed while two others boarded.  It was a rather pleasant journey, unrushed and quiet.  The captain and most of the crew either knew or had heard of Samantha Drakous, her navy exploits and long life renown among the Submariners.  Baalath received a great deal of attention from the officers and crew after they discovered that he was her father.
On the morning of the packet’s arrival at PoureaShihon, the captain struck up a pleasant conversation with Baalath, asking in course of time if he was also Lord Beaufort who had been rescued off the island of Corsica just before the Third Punic War.
Baalath admitted, rather sheepishly, that it was, saying that if he had kept his wits about him, there would have been no need for rescue.  He laughed, “But lingering one more night in the arms of that lass nearly got me skewered by the magistrate of the city, the girl being his teenage daughter, and promised in marriage…as a maiden, no less…to a Roman senator!  What her father didn’t know was his little, innocent child was already quite popular with the handsome young men of the city.  I only did my part in giving her a good time with an experienced fellow…so good, she sought me out a second night for another romp in the straw, but I almost got killed for showing her such kindness.”
The captain chuckled at Baalath’s tale.  “Stories of Lord Beaufort’s amorous adventures are well known among the Submariners.”  He looked into Baalath’s face.  “I am told the feminine sailors in the fleet listen to those accounts with wistful sighs, secretly hoping to judge for themselves if those sordid rumors of the man’s affectionate romancing are so or not.”
Baalath blushed as he considered the captain’s remarks, finally answering, “I do believe that many of the fair lasses have already found out.  If they have been disappointed with those encounters, I have not been informed, but this I can say.  At a reunion with such a former acquaintance, more often have I experienced a response like that of the maiden from Corsica than a polite rejection for another romantic interlude.”
After a hearty laugh, the captain spoke of the reason for his original question.  “As for your escape from Corsica, I remember it well, being a young midshipman recently assigned to the newly commissioned submarine boat SkotosKuria (GrayLady) that rescued you that evening.  I stood in the conning tower, watching the Roman warships putting to the oars and you diving from the tiny skiff, swimming for your life as arrows splashed all about you.  We managed to get you aboard, the hatches sealed, and the boat submerged before the warship collided with us, it skimming over our hull by only inches, or at least it felt that way to a young lad like myself.
“Being such a young fellow, I was filled with curiosity, wondering why we risked our boat in such tricksy waters to save this rather unimpressive person.  Well, when I was informed that you were one of the great wizards of legend, I was filled with wonder, having never truly believed about the gods of old who walked among us.  Oh yes, it was rumored that our own chief commander, Admiral Rae Tomassie, was such an ancient, but that was only rumor.  Now here you stood, Lord Beaufort, King Baalath, lord over the mystical city of Ogallala, guardian of the enchantress witch queen who lived in hidden worlds beyond the lands of Atlantis, all the fables told me by those aged sailors in my home city of New Chornie coming to life right before my eyes.”
“Fables?”  Baalath smiled, reminiscing as he rocked back and forth on his heels.  “New Chornie…Chornie?  I remember the old city quite well.  It sits off to the east of New Chornie some forty leagues, in about seventy fathoms of water, or at least what’s left of the city is down there.”  He looked at the captain.  “The name of that enchantress witch you speak of was known as ‘Tuosolmerica’ back in my younger days when I lived in Ogallala.  She was quite a looker…still is.”
The captain exclaimed, asking, “The witch of Ausalmerica is real and still lives?!  I believed her to be part of the fables that old men would tell little boys, you know, like the stories they would tell us little ones about undersea boats, hidden cities, and wild adventures.  They did say she was the most beautiful of women, able to turn a man to stone by just her glance.”
Baalath nodded, smiling, “One of the most beautiful, I assure you.  To stone you will not turn from her glance, but if she ever touches your spirit, you will never forget her.  A witch in more ways than one she is.  She and I had a son together, but that was many ages ago.  I suppose I might have a few living descendants through him…don’t know.  The world has changed so much over the years, people move, kingdoms rise and fall, things happen.  You lose track of distant kindred after a long enough time.  The witch goes by the name of ‘Tucson Cheyenne’ now…at least that’s one of her names.”
The captain breathed an excited sigh.  “Whew!  I guess when I retire from commanding these old tubs, I’ll have some stories to tell wide-eyed children.”  He paused a moment in thought.  “You say you’re father to Captain Samantha Drakous, yet I heard she was a daughter of a witch queen.  Is that Tucson witch her mother?”
Looking over at some gauges, Baalath casually replied, “There’s more than one witch who walks in the shadows of this world.  Samantha carries her mother’s name, at least the name given the woman back during the age of Atlantis before the city sank into unreachable depths.”  He quickly changed the subject.  “Our journey will be ending soon.  If you would like, I will tell you the story of Lord Chuphoe, last king of Atlantis, husband of a great witch queen who still haunts our worlds, and how his statue came to stand guard over the tombs in Sailors’ Field.”
The captain asked, “Did you know the man?”
Baalath nodded.  “Yes…yes I did, better than most, I imagine.  It was he who orchestrated my rescue from Ogallala and later escape from the lands of Atlantis before the skies fell and the waters washed away that world of men.”  He winked, smiling, “It might just be the kind of tale you can tell to make little ears tingle, or possibly the ears of more interesting and affectionate listeners.”
The captain grinned, saying it would be a joy to hear tales from such a renowned wizard.
Baalath began his yarn.  Though most of it remained factual and true, he told it in such a fanciful way to keep it, well, fanciful.  Nevertheless, the captain was truly appreciative as well as for the time Baalath had graciously spent with him and his crew.  Time passed quickly and, in short order, the packet was tying up to the dock at PoureaShihon.  A few short minutes later, the coxswain had directed the crew to lay the gangplank and then informed the passengers they could leave the mail packet. 
SuNidgha and Baalath soon disembarked and hailed a small carriage to deliver them to SuNidgha’s humble little home nestled between other similar houses on one of the city’s crowded, narrow streets.  As with most of the homes found in PoureaShihon and other Submariner cities as well, the dwellings were small, multi-storied, usually two to three clustered together, with the front of the house opening to the street, the back to a common courtyard, and the sides constructed with the adjacent structures.  The bedrooms were usually found on the upper levels, with the living quarters on the ground floor.  The toilet and bathing facilities were located in a common courtyard behind the houses, where there was also to be found the water sources for household needs.
Being a city built deep within combined natural and hewn rock caverns, the temperature remained relatively constant year round, it cooling somewhat in the winter when the flow of sea water into the harbor also cooled.  For those who desired a bit of additional warmth, most homes were equipped with small oil heaters that also served as cook stoves.  Some foods were grown here, especially mushrooms and other fungi which comprised a staple of the people’s diets.  A few green crops were grown in specially lighted fields, and there was even the occasional farm animal to be seen, usually being raised for eggs, milk, and cheese.  Fish, clams, and shelled sea creatures comprised most of the meat that was usually eaten, and, oh yes, seaweed and kelp were highly exploited as food stuffs.
Although called an ‘undersea city’, PoureaShihon was… is not under the ocean, but sits above sea level on rocky shores in caverns, under ancient, granite mountains.   The mouth of the city harbor was located at the end of a wide tunnel that was entered some seventy fathoms beneath the ocean’s surface, and exited several miles out to sea, just off the rocky, northern coastline of Meric.  There was also a secret, landed entrance to the city having a narrow roadway that snaked for many miles into rock-faced hills, its entrance hidden and protected by a small, ever-watchful security force.
PoureaShihon and similar cities and bases were strategically important to the Submariners for nearly a millennium before being replaced with more modern facilities.  These Submariner cities became nerve centers for the Haudenosaunez’ clandestine activities and as places of sanctuary for them when Eden was beyond their reach.

(Author’s note…In later years, when Submariner technology had advanced to the point of understanding the use of inter-dimensional physics, new cities and bases were built at much greater ocean depths, eventually to the far reaches of the sea floor.  Many of the Submariner’s former haunts were abandoned and allowed to fall into ruin, PoureaShihon being one of the few that has remained inhabited down to this day.)

Baalath stayed with SuNidgha in PoureaShihon for nearly a week after their return from ColdBar.  After a sad, sweet parting, he made his way back to Rome to take up further Haudenosaunez intrigues.  As occasion permitted, he would find his way back to that humble house on one of PoureaShihon’s narrow little streets, visits that always lifted SuNidgha’s spirits.  After Corith’s birthing of a blonde-haired baby boy, SuNidgha became a nanny for her daughter who took up captaining the submarine boat Corith after Samantha’s retirement from active sea duty, and until the boat was decommissioned and turned over to the mail packet service.  Taking a leave of absence at that time, SuNidgha’s daughter, CorithSion, took care of her aged mother for the remainder of the woman’s days.

SuNidgha quietly passed away in the early morning hours, at the age of seventy-eight summers, her daughter, CorithSion, with her two grandchildren as well as Baalath at her side.  When report was made of her passing, her two sons who had lived with their mother for some years in PoureaShihon, requested to have her body delivered to them so that she could be buried in the family cemetery.  Later, after their own days of mourning were completed, CorithSion and Baalath delivered SuNidgha’s embalmed body up to her sons, passing her teak and oaken coffin over to a waiting sloop just off the Meric coast.  Later, in a secluded part of New Chornie cemetery, SuNidgha’s sons laid their mother to rest beside their father.
Over the following years, Baalath and CorithSion paid occasional visits to SuNidgha’s grave until CorithSion, herself dying at a very old age, was laid to rest beside her mother in that same cemetery, the woman’s father standing beside the newly dug grave, silently shedding tears over her passing.

*   *   *

Mihai quietly sat in the council chambers, nervously strumming her fingers on the table, staring down at nothing while her head spun in wild anticipation.  She finally looked over at Lowenah, her nervousness revealed in her halting words.  “Long have I known this day was coming, but to have it be here is somewhat disturbing to my spirit.  It feels a little like I’m going to my death!  Forgetting who I am is rather scary.  Then to become a man, a male, and doped up with all the chemicals that make a man a man?  I hadn’t given it much thought.  Now it troubles me.”
Lowenah took Mihai’s hand, smiling reassuringly.  “But you will not know that you have forgotten until your memory is returned to you.  And a boy you must become, but that, too, will not be troubling, you not knowing who you have been in these worlds.  It will be fine…a little scary for the moment while you remain awake here with us.”  She casually shrugged, “If you find this too great an ordeal, there’s still time to have another step in to do the job.”
Mihai’s eyes flashed with anger.  “Don’t do this to me!  My blood…my blood!  You’ve known it from the very beginning.  There is nothing else for it.  There is no other who can do this!  My blood to buy them back…  It must be me.”
Lowenah laughed, “Foolish little child, I can make blood out of stones…your blood out of stones.  I don’t need you to satisfy law.  Remember, I am the Maker of law.”  She reached out, also taking hold of Mihai’s other hand, drawing them together and leaning toward her.  “I want you to do this, but not for me…for you.  Honey, this has been your dream to fix things, you constantly blaming yourself for the evil unleashed upon the children of Earth.  In your head, you know this is not true, but your heart refuses to believe.  This journey you are taking is for your heart, to heal the ache, to remove the guilt.  That is why you must go and must see things through all the way to the end.”
Mihai apologized, “I’m sorry, Mother, my little child came out of me.  Always I have wanted something far different than this for myself.  Becoming a man…well, it’s just so different than what I’ve dreamed of.  It was silly of me to dream impossible dreams anyway.”  She put on a bold smile, looking at her mother, declaring, “So let’s get on with this.  When do we start?”
Lowenah cast her gaze about at the others seated at the table.  With her and Mihai were Gabrielle (Sodasonie), PalaHar, Euroaquilo, Tizrela, and Chasileah.  “We will leave for Eden this very evening.”  Her eyes met Mihai’s.  “So I should conclude that your adventure will begin in about ten days.”

*    *    *

Susannah stood, silently watching Sodasonie and Tizrela working gauges and dials on the panel behind the crystal sarcophagus, the woman nervously playing with her fingers.  For her, this was the first occasion to be in the presence of God, an experience that was nearly beyond her comprehension.  Her mind swirled with Aphrodite’s explanation to her and Tuosol regarding the Haudenosaunez.  “No longer men of clay are you, but angels of human flesh, spirits not yet given the keys to pass through Heaven’s gates.  Eden is the womb where the blood of men and angels can both reside while in the company of the Maker of Worlds.”
It was also disturbing for Susannah to see, for the first time, the true appearance of the Maker of Worlds.  For all the ages up to this hour, she had pictured Iam as the great and wonderful male warrior who held all creation in his hand.  To have witnessed the gender and beauty of this most magnificent being, and to have been hugged and kissed by her, having not yet known who she was…well, this was almost too much for Susannah’s heart to take.
Tuosol reached over and took Susannah’s gloved hand, smiling reassuringly through her shielded helmet.  All nine of the people standing in the sealed chamber were clothed in helmeted silver suits, that is, all except for Lowenah who wore only her radiant beauty.  The tenth person, the center of everyone’s attention, was naked, peacefully resting within the closed crystalline sarcophagus, her eyes fluttering as sleep began to consume her.  Soon the fluttering stopped.  Mihai’s hands slid off her belly to the bed of the sarcophagus.  All attention now focused on Lowenah.
Eventually Lowenah looked up from the crystal coffin, tears filling her eyes as she addressed the group.  “By the mouth of two or more witnesses will all things be established.  You are here with me this day as witnesses, both from Heaven and Earth.  You will testify in future hours about all that you have seen this day, that my child Michael departed the flesh of heavenly men to take on the flesh of Earthly men, that not by trickery or twisted words have these things come to be or by falsehood have any of my prophetic words been spoken.  Today, my child dies in the body of heavenly flesh to be reborn into that of human flesh.”
She nodded toward Sodasonie and Tizrela.  The women began turning dials on the panel behind Mihai’s sarcophagus, the compartment quickly filling with a gray, foggy cloud.  Sodasonie pulled down on a small lever.  Instantly, the gas began to glow reddish white, heat from the burning within radiating out through the walls of the crystalline coffin.  Everyone stared intently as Mihai’s body rapidly began to dissolve in the intense blaze.  In only moments, nothing but a fine layer of dust remained where the body once lay.  Sodasonie and Tizrela quietly shut down the machine, lights of the panel fading into darkness.
Lowenah now invited everyone to accompany her to another of Eden’s chambers.  Leaving their suits behind after exiting the clean room area, the company, now also clothed in only their naked beauty, followed Lowenah into a rather large, holographic chamber.  Susannah’s eyes grew wide with wonder.  She knew this room, had been here before, even recognizing the young woman-child peacefully sleeping on the mat.  She blurted out, “How!?  How have we come so far to Nazareth in only a few paces?”
Lowenah stepped up next to her, taking the woman’s trembling hand.  “My dear one, this is not what you think it to be.  Please, look, it is a vision into the room that we are all able to share.  What you see is what is happening at this very moment.  That part is real.  But we are not in the room with this maiden, only onlookers seeing through a vision machine while standing in a faraway place.”  She squeezed Susannah’s hand, grinning, “Now see what happens.”
As they all watched intently, a smoky mist gathered itself above the sleeping woman-child and then began to slowly settle down upon her.  Still asleep, the young woman moaned, throwing her blanket off while rolling onto her back.  She soon began to softly groan with quiet pleasure, drawing her legs up to her chest.  Finally the girl released a climactic cry, her body relaxing, sighing contentedly as the smoky mist vanished about her.  As soon as the mist was gone, the woman’s eyes popped open and sitting up, she placed a hand to her belly.
“Miryam...are you all right?!” a voice called out from beyond the vision within the room as the sounds of hurried footsteps could be heard by those observing goings on along with Lowenah.  A woman wrapped in a long night shawl rushed into the room where the maiden sat, holding her belly.  Looking down at her daughter, the woman asked again, concerned, “Are you all right, Miryam?”
By now, the young woman’s father was up and about, standing beside the girl’s mother.  The child looked up at her mother, Siona (Channa[h] the woman’s birth name) and Heli, her father, smiling sheepishly as she pulled her blanket over her thin sleeping robe.  “It was a dream.  I was having a dream, a very pleasant dream.  I’m sorry if I startled you.”
Siona looked down at her daughter and then about the room, searching, wondering.  “Your cries speak of a man’s company, but none do I see or the appearance of one escaping from here.”
Heli groaned sleepily, “Come now, you always see shadows in the dark.  Let the child be.  She says she had a dream, possibly of that Joseph fellow, so let it be that…a dream and come back to bed.”  He winked at Miryam, “Maybe she was only echoing the cries her mother makes in the middle of the night.”
Siona’s face soured, motioning him away, sputtering, “Be off with you and see if I make such songs for you in the middle of the night again.”
Heli laughed, “You are so beautiful when you pout.”  He reached out his hand.  “Come now, morning rushes ever toward us and I wish to cuddle more in our nest with my little turtle dove.”
Fussing at her husband’s provocative invitation, Siona quickly followed Heli from the room, still focused on her youngest daughter as she spoke her concerns to him.  “Forget the dowry and get the child married off.  Get her a husband to make her noisy over so she doesn’t go chasing some scoundrel in the street to find out what it’s all about.”
Miryam watched her parents leave before settling back down, her hand still clutching her belly.  What the angel had said to her was come to be so.  What was she to do now, and what would the future hold for her and…and what was now growing within her?  The girl’s eyes closed as she drifted off into pleasant dreams of sweet nothingness.
The holographic vision faded, leaving Susannah and the others standing silently in an empty room.  Lowenah looked up into the faces of those with her.  “Well, it has been done.”  She turned and walked out of the room, hiding her tears from the others who slowly shuffled out behind her.

*    *    *

Susannah stood in the middle of the moot hall, detailing her recent visit to Eden, the excitement carried on her voice revealing the profoundness of her experience with the Sky Children and…and God.  The evening had been exciting for the Haudenosaunez upon hearing detailed news concerning the pregnancy of Miryam, the child from Nazareth.  This had been the hour everyone had been waiting for.  History was about to change and future hope for mankind soon to become a reality.  True, the road was still long and uncertain.  Many twists and uncertainties remained, and personal dangers to the Haudenosaunez still were all too real, but… a corner in time had been turned.  There was now a glimmer of light at the end of the tunnel.
When Susannah finished her account, Aphrodite rose to speak.  “Now that the hour has come to pass, so much more must our vigilance be to hold on to times and seasons.  The Sons of Hormax also have read the books of prophecy and well know of the nearing day and where prophecy is to be made.  If possible, they will see to it that a foiling of these promises will take place.  For you, then, you must do your part… play your role to do what you were birthed for so long ago in the fire of Dancing Stones’ funeral pyre, to check the hand of Hormax in foiling the seed’s coming destiny.
“We all have been delivered down to this hour for this one moment, when the souls of the Sky Children and the children of Earth unite to force this destiny upon the worlds of men and angels.  Should we succeed…no matter the cost to the worlds above or below…we will have helped bring a lasting hope to all mankind…those living, those who have passed on into death, and to those yet to come.”
She spread her arms wide.  “We, you and I, have come down to this hour by the blood that is yet to be shed.  Yet if it is not to happen as the words of the prophets have spoken it…some of those prophecies uttered by your very mouths…if it should fail to come to pass just so, then we, too, will fade into nothingness.  The future blood of the one also redeeming us will not be shed as it is supposed to be shed, and all things will have come for naught, our own souls being caught away into forgetful dreams.
“So do what we must is what we must do.  The world of men must perish into ruin and all our good works must be burned to ash if that is what is necessary to bring that day!  Atlantis will not rise again should this coming day be lost, and the god of enemy hosts will have had his day before he to fades into oblivion.  For, if he succeeds, then he, too, will fail in the end.”
Wagging a finger while slowly pacing in a small circle, Aphrodite explained, offering warning, “All the things that I have spoken here are not secret to our enemy.  He knows…they know, yet they do not believe that the future fate of the universe rests upon the one soul that is to be born a few months hence.  What they see is a usurper to their imagined authority.  They see themselves as the makers of destiny and purveyors of true knowledge, their serpent god-king leading them on to everlasting glory in a cosmic heaven where their spirits will become one with his, and forever in eternal bliss will they reside beside him.”
As she continued to pace, Aphrodite put her hands on her hips, gazing at the floor.  “So it must be by the blood of men and angels that this coming great deception against the Demonic Hordes of both Heaven and Earth will be accomplished.  Shed our blood if necessary?  To be sure, but it is no different for our brethren in the Realms Above.  At all cost, the enemy must be distracted so that his objective becomes obscured and confused.”
She stopped, staring into the eyes of her companions, tears filling hers.  “Already the drums of war are being sounded in the Heavens.  The Lady Sodasonie has shaken the spear in the face of the Wicked One, slapping his face with insult so that he will be forced to raise his banner of battle against her.  A red day rides upon the winds of the Heavens so that the Worm will forget the worlds of men here below, blood and death to be followed by blood and death, so that men of clay may have a chance to live as they were intended to live.
“So then, for our part, if necessary, we shall be bring hell to this world, burning and slaughtering to the Sons of Hormax upon their sacred lands in the west, and a distraction to Rome so that its eyes look ever away from Judea!  From under the seas and upon the oceans’ waters shall the blood of all mankind mix in death and ruin.  To the cities of abomination and the mountain heights where the towers of the priests of Horus cast their shadows over the worlds of men shall the sons of Meric lift up the sword and axe to bring those houses down to destruction!”
Aphrodite looked into the faces of her companions.  “Together we will live and together we will die, but to each individual comes a personal responsibility that may bring death to one…or all.  Yet if the one does succeed through the loss of all and the seed of blood does carry through to its final destiny, then a rebirth to a new life will be our reward.
“So here is what we must do.  In the west, the trade guilds are becoming restless, having lost their trading partners in the east except for the Britons and a few tribal nations in the northern seas.  Those of you in the lands of Meric must refocus their anger away from Rome, which is beyond their reach anyway, toward the southern lands beyond Lake Tecatucutan.  Convince the tribes of Meric that incursions by the people of the south must not be tolerated, that to win their contest against the southern nations is to invade their lands and destroy their cities.
“The Southlands are holy to the priests of Hormax.  They will not stand by and permit any threat to succeed against them.  With the forces of Meric concentrated on its invasion, the Hormaxian houses will concentrate their forces to hold the armies of Meric in check.  If the defeat and destruction of the sons of Meric is not to our liking, then we must lend support of all our secret forces to the fight.  We must gather the power of the Templars and the Sons of the Dragons together with the military might of the Submariners, if success is to be assured.  Still, I fear a great many lives to be lost in this contest.”
She offered a reminder.  “The priests of Hormax are our real enemy.  It is not the conquest of nations that we seek, or the turning over of religions or customs…no matter how abhorrent they might be.  We must put hooks in the jaws of the leaders over the Three Houses so that on the west is where all their attention will be focused.  These evil necromancers have installed that murdering Idumean, Herod, on the throne over Judea and its surrounding districts for the very purpose of bringing the blood seed to ruin.  We must distract them.”
She looked at KontinKuken.  “For this reason also, we must lead Rome so that its eyes do not look to lands east of the Great Sea.  With Rome occupied elsewhere, we can keep that miscreant, Herod, in check.  Octavian Augustus is an ambitious fellow, wanting to expand his empire while constructing great wonders of architecture.  We must keep him occupied and frustrated.  Egypt is Rome’s breadbasket.  The empire cannot afford to ignore any risk to its grain shipments from there.  For your part, do not give Egypt or Cyrenaica any rest, but maintain a threatening posture toward them from the south so that Rome will keep a strong military force ever looking at the wild lands in Africa.”
Aphrodite then spoke to Lumdon and BondaBoor.  “You two I leave in the Northlands, beyond Rome, sending Lady Tomassie to assist us in the west.  Stir the pot with the northern tribes so that unrest and rebellion always threatens Rome in the north.  The Germans already are resisting the hold Rome has over them.  I believe it will take little to turn that resistance into rebellion.
“As for you, Lord Merlin, Britain’s days of independence have already come to their end.  Vassal kings of Rome rule over a restless people, even though no army stands upon their shores at the moment.  Agitate the people so they will raise a ruckus against Rome.  Octavian will surely feel the need to keep a strong military presence on the mainland, just in case action needs to be taken against the Brits.”
Focus was then turned to Juliet.  “Lady Tobanahazz, Octavian’s daughter, Julia, is quite the little tart, a thorn in her father’s side, considering all his moral statutes he has set in place over the years.  I’m sure that with a little additional coaching, she will become a real distraction to him.  As you know, Julia’s husband, Tiberius, is not at all affectionate toward her, being forced to divorce his own wife to marry the woman and adopt her two sons.  Find some way to coax the man to press Octavian to be permitted to return from Rhodes so that Julia is stuck back under her father’s nose.”
She then addressed Baalath and Swalhawena.  “Lord Beaufort, Octavian has the eye of an engineer and the heart of an artist.  He already trusts you concerning your architectural abilities.  Present to him some of your sketches and drawings for the further beautification of Rome and it surroundings.  The man has some compassion for the common people of the city.  Help him explore ways that might improve the lives of the impoverished.
“You may also wish to visit your acquaintance upon some of the Germanic Romans during your stay in Rome.  Many there are who were stolen as children from their homes and enslaved by Rome to later be lifted up to positions of military prominence.  If you play on their nationalistic spirits, you may find a few who wish to throw off their oppressor.  Remember well the part you played in their lives so many long ages ago.  Thor they still remember in their own respective way.  Rekindle those memories in the hearts of the German offspring.  Your efforts inside the empire might well assist BondaBoor as he works with those on the outside.”
Aphrodite pointed at Swalhawena while still speaking to Baalath.  “You may also wish to introduce your lovely sister, Lady Drakous, to him.  Octavian is a devoted husband to his wife, Livia, but still he is a man and has strayed away from the marriage bed on more than one occasion during his many years of wedlock.  Who is there better to play the game hen, Drakous’ tongue so sensuously sweet one moment while striking like a poisonous serpent the next?  So well she plays the part of a spoiled, vixen tart, speaking so disparagingly of the suitors throwing themselves at her feet, the men hungering more for her insults than the loving romance of the most charming of maidens.  Oh, and how sweet and seductive the woman can be when expressing her appreciation for an admiring hero!  Let her beauty prove to be an opiate to Octavian’s heart and soul while keeping her charms just beyond his reach, so that the man is driven to distraction.”
She then drew everyone’s’ attention to Hilga.  “Heidi Tomassie will journey into the lands of the west with the remainder of the Haudenosaunez.  Her healing abilities might save many lives that would otherwise be lost to the miseries of war.  Death and destruction shall already be great enough, even should all the healers from Heaven and Earth be with us!  At least with this woman at our side, some will be saved.”
After Aphrodite finished discussing further details concerning coming activities in the western theater, she focused her attention on Susannah and Juufet.  “The battle you do not carry with sword or spear, but all the more important are your coming victories than ours together.  Juufet, renowned in the skills of a Babylonian magi wizard and scribe well versed in the many languages of mankind are you.  Your personal knowledge of what Nicholas’ asserts about Herod being born of the principle Jews returning from exile…which is a total falsehood...will assist you in getting close to the man.  I doubt that even you, the greatest of counselors to be found in the world of men, can persuade that troublesome malcontent to turn from his murdering ways.  But, by gaining his trust as the troubadour of mystic Eastern magic, and being a useful scribe and interpreter of languages, you may well gain knowledge of what schemes he will be plotting.
“Serah, mother to a host of prophets and prophetesses,” Aphrodite lifted her hand, palm up and fingers out, toward Susannah, “again I seek your aid in bringing matters to a finish.  So much there is to be done, so much that you must do, and all the way to their end you must take them.  The birthing of this blood seed is but the beginning of the journey for you.  Clear to end, when the heavens will be darkened and the spear shall pierce the flesh, you must stay the course to see that all things are accomplished.”
Susannah bowed her head.  “Your child will do all that you ask of her.  Is it not what I have been trained for these many years?  It is such a little thing for you to ask.”
Tears grew in Aphrodite’s eyes.  “No, it is such a great thing that I ask, but not just I, the Lady Sodasonie has asked this favor of you, trusting in your abilities to accomplish this task.  But I do not expect you to travel this road alone.”
She pointed at herself and at Juufet.  “We will remain at your side.  I, when the war in the west comes to its end, and Juufet, your closest of companions, will remain with you until the ending hour.”
Aphrodite continued on giving advice and encouragement to everyone, answering any questions they might have.  She concluded, “Eden is open to any and all of you, you each having received a key to its entrance.  It may be wise for some of you to use the machines found there to change your physical appearances a bit…just in case, you know?”  After a few more words of encouragement, Aphrodite sat down.
Noahashonie stood and moved to the middle of the room, slowly and intently staring into the eyes of each person gathered in the circle about her, the words she spoke carrying a somber tone.  “In my dreams, the Woman in the Whispering Waters came to me and spoke of tales from the past, of this hour and of future days when Atlantis will rise again.  Sad she was over all the evil that has come to the children of this world and for all the evil that must yet come before the final hour delivers all men of good will into a world of peace.  For her part, she showed to me the hours long gone by when, in celebration, she gave to her daughter the world of men and why to her it was given, so that I might come to understand.  So now, I will share this knowledge with you.
“Long ago, there was a child born into the worlds of the Sky Children, long before the wolf stared up at the moon and howled its mournful cry, long before the elk came down from the mountains to search for food in hidden valleys.  Yes, long before our world even was, this child was born in the universe above.  Strange this child was, peculiar in that the magic of Woman in the Whispering Waters was also found in her.  So it was that the Maker of Worlds delivered her up to the Sky Children, so that her magic might secretly infect them also.
“This magic spread among the children of Iam, the Maker of Worlds, until the very heavens were consumed by its power and glory.  As a result, it was decided that this magic must be spread to all living creatures made in the image of Iam.  So it was, on the day of great celebration in the Heavens, when the Earth and all that was in it was revealed to the children of Iam, this child was delivered up before them and given, as a gift, this world and all that was in it, even to the point of giving to her our forebears, Adam and Eve.  Into this world, the child was to deliver her magic through the lordship and influence she would have over it.
“It was not that the others of Iam’s children lacked possession of this magic any more than our first parents did. It was that the child was so rich with this magic that she could flood the senses with its power, thus waking the glory of the magic in others.  So, Iam delivered the child up to infect the world of men with the magic.”
Noahashonie frowned.  “What Iam did not know in those earlier times was that the magic could also be rejected, a rebellious heart eventually being consumed by envies and jealousies until it cast away any and all magic, thus bringing eventual ruin to soul, mind and spirit.  Sadly, this was the very case with Iam’s oldest son, a man that had been chosen to eventually rule over all Iam’s beautiful things. The son had managed for many ages of men and angels to conceal his contempt for the magic.  But upon Iam giving to the child the gift of Earthly men, wickedness that had long been growing in the oldest son’s heart could not remain hidden any longer.
“Need I say more of this to any of you?  I say not, for well you know the account of the evil and wickedness that spread in the worlds of men and angels, much of it being witnessed personally by you over the ages.  With heavy heart, the Woman in the Whispering Waters confessed her anguish over the calamity that has befallen all men because she did not understand that a heart could reject the magic contained within it.
“Do be wary and do not judge men by their actions, but be innocent as to badness as Iam has been to all of us.  Not all men who act deplorably are absent this magic hiding latent within their hearts, and not all men carrying on righteousness have any of the magic remaining.  This is because the magic has not yet been waked in the hearts of men as it has been in the Heavens above.  For this reason, do not become judge over the heart of another, but use reasoning and a sound mind before gathering someone into your bosom or casting a person away into Tartarus.
“As for me, I cannot speak with haughtiness regarding any righteousness on my part, for it was not by my will that I became pleasing in the eyes of Iam.  As with you, through the burning pyre of Dancing Stones was the magic awaked in us to the full, so that righteous we all walked away from the flames that day.  By future promises were we cleansed, but for what purpose, we then did not know.  So we took up the cause, each going the way of his or her personal dreams and visions.  Those visions have brought us down to the days of Rome.  Yet Rome has not been the finish, just another path leading us to New Atlantis, for it has been on New Atlantis that we…you and I…have pinned our hopes.”
She wagged a finger.  “Yet I tell you this. The Woman in the Whispering Waters, the same one who came to me so long ago who changed my name from ‘SauPauwaUdae’ to ‘Noahashonie, daughter of the Dragon Maker and Bringer of Peace’, came to me in visions and dreams just this other night when our sisters, Susannah and Tuosol, and mother, Aphrodite, watched in awe the destruction of a heavenly spirit, only for that same spirit to be conceived in the womb of a Hebrew maiden.  It is this heavenly spirit who will infect the world of men with the magic needed to deliver Atlantis to us.  Without that magic, Atlantis cannot arrive.  Without Atlantis, all our hopes will have been in vain, for the coming king must have in his heart the magic of his mother and the passion for freedom of his father, or all will be for naught and our worlds will eventually fade into nothingness.”
Noah’s voice fell to little over a hush.  “So it has been revealed to me through visions and dreams that the child’s magic will be delivered upon the world of men through trial and tribulation by wicked and ruthless men who seek not the magi, but the power and glory they can attain by means of it.  This we of the Haudenosaunez must not resist, but allow to go on to its finish, to even the point of bringing the house of Meric to its ruin.  It was said to me in my dreams that for Atlantis to rise, Merica and all that belongs to it must turn to dust and be forgotten by the world of men for an hour.  For it was said to me, ‘Wicked men must act wickedly and evil men will twist the truth of mankind.  All the works of Javan must sink beneath the waters as did Atlantis until both will rise in the final days to deliver freedom to the world of men.’
“Those same visions spoke to me saying that the works of the Haudenosaunez, of both the Gorgons and the LukusAner, are to become only mythical tales to be told restless children on sleepless nights.  Why, it was even said to me that anyone called a ‘witch’ or ‘wizard’ will be hunted down, burned in holy fires in the very name of the child who delivers the magic to this world.  As with the Dragons who came before us, the Haudenosaunez must fade into forgotten nothingness, our very existence becoming little more than are the fables of gods and demons.  Yet, also like the Dragons who came before us, and who even stand among us this very day, we of the Haudenosaunez will continue to serve Iam in whatever way he requests us.”
She lifted a hand.  “This means also a change for those allied with us in carrying out the will of Iam, the Sons of the Dragons and Haudenosaunez who give us support in the things we do, the Templar priests who carry the banner of Javan down to this day, and the Submariners who walk the decks of our secret navies.  Unlike those of us who were sealed by the magic while we stood in Dancing Stones’ pyre flames, our servants have not yet passed through the fires of future’s tests in the final days.  Our trust in them must not be unconditional, but with a weather eye must, we continuously watch them.
“In future hours, after the child with the magic has infected the world, and its blood has been poured out upon the earth, we must give a heart of understanding and reasoning to those we bring into our close company.  In that hour, the Woman in the Whispering Waters, ‘Lowenah’ being her name, shall give to each of us the ability to examine the hearts of those we draw close to us, to be able to test them out as to fitness and trustworthiness.  Those who pass our tests will be permitted entrance into our inner sanctums, secreted away from the worlds of men so that to the laws of men and gods they do not have to submit, but to whatever laws Lowenah may wish for them to submit, they must submit.”
Her face clouded with righteous anger.  “And should any of those who are permitted into our worlds turn aside to the darkness of the Worm and attempt to betray our cause, then the same mercy reserved for a mad dog shall that person also receive!  For just as the world of men will soon change with the magic infecting it, so shall the world of the Haudenosaunez change.  Those who vow allegiance to us shall also be judged by us for good or bad as if Lowenah was judging them.  So do be careful when examining your servants’ hearts.  Do not allow fondness for person or beauty, family blood, smooth words, or powerful deeds sway you in making your decisions, but to the power of the magic working upon their hearts.  If the magic is strong enough, they will not betray you.”
Noah looked toward the ceiling, placing her hands on her hips.  “The priests of Hormax will grow ever stronger in their power until they believe the day of the Worm has been attained.  Our upcoming war against their western lands will not stem this.  The darkness of their apostasy must spread its fingers across the planet before the coming day of light.  We must allow that darkness to come, all the while protecting the magic that is also being spread by their evil.
”Yes, our enemies will deliver the very cure for mankind through their murders and false teachings.  They will steal the name and glory of the child for themselves, telling all mankind they are the way and the life.  They will rewrite the history of men and God, corrupting the word of truth with their twisted lies.  But hidden within their very holy books will be the magic that will fill the hearts of innocent men and women with its holy disease.  The Worm will seek a corruption of the world of men by twisting the words of the child and the prophets.  He is a fool, for it will not be by words or prophecy that righteousness is to be attained, but through the child’s magic delivered upon honest hearts!  So, by the Worm’s very will, enforced through the priests of Hormax, the magic shall be delivered to every corner of the world of men, hidden in the very speech and text of those evil apostates.
“So, for our part, we must remain vigilant and not tire out.  Tomorrow will not deliver to us Earth’s destiny, or the day after, or the day after that.  Yet tomorrow may well deliver you to your final hour.  Live each day as though it may be your last.  Do not take foolish risks, yet do not turn away from danger when the battle calls for such danger.  An arrow may well destroy the flesh, but your spirit cannot die.  We are the children of fire and mist, and we must go all the way to our end, whether it be by battle and death or to seeing the sun rise in the final day.  We are Children of the Bloodwind.  Never must you forget that.”

*    *    *

The young woman was singing a carefree little song, her hands busy pulling the rope up from the well.  It was a pleasant morning, the time of day Miryam enjoyed most.  Earlier rains had passed and, while a cool breeze still sent its chill through the streets, the sun shone warm and comforting.  Grabbing the wooden bucket she had pulled from the well, Miryam looked up to see a hooded woman with a long winter shawl approaching.
Placing the bucket down beside her other one, she merrily called out to the woman, “Would my lady wish for a drink from her servant girl?”
The woman walked up to Miryam, taking a hand and softly brushing it across her face.  “Does the mother of the Saving One act the part of the servant before her fellow companion?”
Miryam blushed, surprised.  “They say a widow hiding in the wilderness you are, but a prophetess is what I perceive.  The older men speak of a woman, Serah, who journeyed into Egypt with our father Jacob, and yet lived down to the days when Joab stood before her city of Abel of Bethmaacah, she calling him ‘little boy’ and sending him away with the head of Sheba.  They say that this woman still walks among us down to this day, waiting upon the fulfillment of all things.  I do believe that you are that same Serah that took up the sword and rescued the inhabitants of that city.”
Serah placed a finger to her lips, smiling.  “Not by your wisdom has this revelation come to you.  Tell no one at all.  Allow me to remain the kindly widow who has paid friendly visits upon you and your family from time to time.  Now, please, if your offer remains true, I would be so grateful to have a sip of your water.”

Siona stood in the doorway, watching the two women happily chatting as they walked up the pathway toward her humble home.  When they came close, she called out, “Miryam, have you invited your companion to breakfast with us?  If not, please do, and hurry along quickly, for the meal is nearly ready and your father must leave in a little while to go into the village.”
The three were soon sitting about the table, nibbling on a few dried dates Siona placed there after they had breakfasted.  Heli was already departed on business, promising to be home before the midday hour.  As Siona sat back on her cushion, making small talk, she finally spoke up to Serah, “For the life of me, I cannot understand why you remain out in that wilderness cave, slaving all alone over that tiny herd of sheep.  So attractive a woman you are!  So many are the men…rich fellows, too…who would be so pleased to take you for a wife.  No, work of drudgery should not be your lot.”  She put her hands to her face, her curled fingers pressed up against her jaw while she put on the smile of a spoilt, rich girl.  “Dressed in rich purple with gold jewelry and silver, tinkling ankle bells you could be.  Long enough has been your widowhood.  Come out from the wilderness and take a wealthy lord for a husband.  That’s what you should do.”
Serah slipped a piece of dried date between her lips, politely laughing at the thought.  “Too kind you are, but I believe that no man could tolerate me.  There are reasons I live out in that wilderness, the flock my family.  Pretty I may be but, like the zebra, no man shall put a bridle on me…at least until my mood changes toward them.”  She glanced at Miryam.
Miryam placed a closed hand to her mouth, quietly making a cough to get attention.  She looked over at her mother.  “Serah has brought word that my cousin, Elizabeth, is with child.  She has been hiding herself away these many months now, embarrassed over having a child at such an age.  Well, I have been told that Elizabeth is in need of some assistance and dares not ask those of her village acquaintances.  I wish to go and pay a visit upon her.  Serah has offered to accompany me into the mountainous country of Judea so that I do not have to travel alone.”  Miryam lied, she having been told by a visiting spirit about Elizabeth’s pregnancy.
Siona’s face filled with concern.  She looked into Serah’s eyes, troubled by the thought of her daughter leaving.  Suddenly, a cool, peaceful feeling raced through her body and down her back.  She smiled, “It should be fine, if that is truly what you wish.”
The following morning just after the sun rose, Miryam and Serah were on their way to Elizabeth’s village in the mountainous region of Judea.  It had taken a bit more convincing before Heli submitted to the idea of two women journeying alone across the open countryside.  Serah had reassured him that they would be traveling in the company of merchant acquaintances who were on their way to Jerusalem for the major part of their trip, the two only turning away from the main highway for a few miles before reaching Elizabeth’s village.  She finally offered Heli, “If it should please my lord, I will hire one of the young men going along to step aside and accompany us to the village.  In this way, we will not be found alone in a deserted area as we travel.”
Still frowning, Heli finally approved, offering, “I have a few coins to spare in paying for an honest escort.  But it is winter and little business is to be found for my craft this time of year.”
Serah reached out, placing a gentle hold on Heli’s lower arm.  “Whatever coins you may have to spare, give them to your child so that she will not be a burden on her cousin.  I have business of my own in Jerusalem, so have made a sale of some of my flock, getting a good price for them.  The cost of an escort, I will bear, seeing that I may ask his continued company for the remainder of my journey.”

The two women were making their way to the inn to join up with the merchant band heading east.  Earlier, Miryam had sent her nephew, James, off to find Joseph with a message telling where she was going.  James’ mother, Salome, had given some sweetbreads to the two women to take with them, along with a small gift to give Elizabeth after hearing about her pregnancy.
They soon arrived at the inn, merchants already busy loading their wagons and beasts of burden.  Serah singled out a young fellow who was finished loading a few bundles on a small donkey, calling out to the man by name.
The young fellow looked up, smiling and answering Serah’s salutation, addressing her also by name.  Miryam puzzled over this cordiality between Serah and this man she had called ‘Sanballat’.  It was obvious from the man’s appearance that he was not a Hebrew, his face reminding her of an Ethiopian combined with the sharp features and lighter skin of the easterners.  Also, the man did not wear the apparel of a Hebrew, at least a Hebrew man who kept the Law of Moses.  Most surprising to Miryam was the affectionate way Serah treaded the man by giving him a gentle embrace and a soft kiss on the cheek.
A big grin broke across Serah’s face as she stepped back, staring into Sanballat’s face.  “I was hoping to find you here.  Did you have a safe journey?”
Sanballat glanced over at Miryam, who stood there with growing curiosity.  “Yes, I managed to conclude my other business sooner than may be, so was able to take my leisure getting here.”
Serah stepped back and drew Miryam up close, speaking quietly so that the others about them could not hear.  “My child, you have correctly perceived who I am, but I must tell you that I have not walked the worlds of men down to this time alone.  For the time being, you are to understand this fellow to be my late husband’s brother, Sanballat, whose family is from Beth-horon.  Now I will tell you this little bit of information, but secret you must keep it.
“In days long ago, this man, just a boy at the time, stood across the great river Bantoowazzi from me, in a long-forgotten land now fallen only into legend.  As enemies, we faced each other, until war brought us together as allies and friends.  Through the fires of Dancing Stones we have been forever united into the blood of the Haudenosaunez.  Neither he nor I are Hebrews, though many are our children who sacrifice at the holy temple down to this day, the blood of even your family having passed out from my inward parts.  We have come across the worlds of angels and men to this point in time so that you would stand beside us in this very hour, I a child of the Elkhorn, and he a son of Nubia.”
She winked, looking into a stunned, surprised face.  “And now you might understand the reason for my…our business in Jerusalem.  We go on ahead, making a path for you, angels of flesh to help you on journey’s quest.  Remember, please, to speak of this to no one at all, ever.  It is for the final days when a child of your blood will stand up, declaring these truths to all men of good will.”
Miryam, her eyes as big a dinner plates, nodded, promising not to speak a word of the things she had heard but, in her heart, the child wondered at just how great a part she was to really play in all these matters.  First the visions and dreams, and then an angel by the name of ‘Gabrielle’, then the spirit mist enveloping her in the night, and now these two angels of legend and myth standing before her?  “My lords, who am I to even stand in your presence?  Little a person I am, the smallest in my house.  What is this all about?”
Serah laughed, hugging Miryam.  “Today your journey has only begun.  Not only the mother of kings are you to be, but standing beside the very Lord of Heaven will be your fate.  I have seen in my own visions that in chariots of fire you shall one day ride, bringing a ruin to all those ruining Heaven and Earth.”

Many of the merchants in the company were older men and in no hurry, taking their leisure in traveling to Jerusalem.  Over the days that Miryam was with Serah and Sanballat (Juufet), her head was filled, swirling with tales from long ago about worlds that had once existed before there even was a Hebrew people.
Eventually, they parted with the merchants and made their way to Elizabeth’s mountain village.  Serah followed Miryam to the doorway, Sanballat waiting in the street with the donkey.  After Elizabeth’s and the child’s exuberant celebration, Serah bowed, politely offering her greeting.
The smile faded from Elizabeth’s face as she pondered knowing this woman, finally asking, “Have we not met before?  So familiar you look, but I cannot recall where or when.”
Serah smiled, her eyes twinkling.  “They say so much like my mother I appear.  She spoke of you to me, telling of days when your husband Zechariah took the purification sacrifice for my birthing.  She told me how fondly he spoke of you, saying she wished all men were as kind to their wives as he.  Possibly you and she had met.”
Elizabeth blushed, thanking Serah for her kind words.  She then invited the women to come inside for a little refreshment.  Seeing the man was a foreigner, she offered Sanballat, as an act of kindness, to bring his donkey out of the weather and into their small animal shed and for him to recline in the shade of their porch, delivering food and drink out to him.  

It was not long past the noon hour when Serah stood, confessing their need to make haste.  Looking toward the door, Serah thanked Elizabeth for her hospitality before saying, “We must be going, if we are to catch up with the others in our caravan.  True, they have been taking this journey at a rather leisurely pace, but we will still have to hurry if we are to make their camp before evening.  Please give your husband, Zechariah, our best wishes.  I’m sorry that we missed him.  May his bout with dumbness end soon.  It does happen that way at times, you know.”
As Serah stepped onto the porch, she and Sanballat offered their parting salutations while adjusting their packs.  After the two entered the street, Miryam hurried to the door, waving her hand excitedly.  “Your donkey!  Your donkey and your bundles that are in the barn…”
Sanballat grinned back at the child.  “Oh, those things?  I think they can better be used elsewhere.  Take good care of that little beast.  Small he is, but quite a stubbornly strong brute.  He might benefit you well in future days.  Take care of him for me, please.  Someday…well, maybe I’ll have a need for him again.”
Serah walked up to Miryam, reaching into a pocket of her robe.  Pulling out her hand, she dropped a few coins into the very surprised child’s hand.  “Should the mother of the Holy Seed be found destitute and in need of a thing?  Never!  Show these ten drachma coins to your mother and father should they question your righteousness, asking them, ‘Does the Maker of Worlds give such wedding gifts to one who is defiled and unclean?’”  She then took some copper coins and handed them to Miryam.  “Two turtle doves this will purchase.  Save them for the day of your purifying.  It is good enough.”
At that, Serah turned away, taking up her bundle and hurrying away down the street with Sanballat.  Miryam silently stood there, lips quivering, clutching the coins to her breast as tears gushed, watching the two until they disappeared from sight.

*   *   *

 “Damage report!  Give me a damage report!” Captain CorithSion shouted into the speaking tube.  Lights flickered as the submarine boat SuNidgha groaned and heeled to port.
The fore torpedo room reported back.  “The hull’s breached and we’re taking water, but the pumps seem to be holding it in check for the moment.  Starboard torpedo tube is out of commission.  We hope to have the port tube operational shortly, but first we have to clear the tube of the damaged torpedo.”
Then an excited voice called in from the engine room, “The shuttle stacks are flooded and we’re leaking mercury from the heat exchanger!  We can only give you power for a little while longer unless we get topside and turn on backup charging engines.”
Other reports coming in from various compartments were little more promising, and the rear torpedo room did not reply to the captain’s requests for damage reports.  The first officer looked over at the gauges, shaking his head.  “We’re two degrees down bubble and our keel will not respond to the helm.  Shall I release some of the ballast to right us?”
CorithSion thought a moment before asking, “Can we blow one of the water tanks on the port side instead?”  While she waited, the boat’s surgeon quietly stitched up a nasty gash on Corith’s arm, already having sutured a deep cut above the captain’s left eye. 
The first officer was not sure.  “If the tank is damaged, we might lose the air and sink like a rock.  Even if we are successful, we could pop up to the surface like a cork and lose track of our target.  Then we’d just be helplessly sitting there, waiting to be taken out at the enemy’s leisure.”
Captain Corith asked the navigator, “Do we still have tracking on our enemy?”
Her eyes never leaving the viewfinder, the navigator answered, “It’s at forty fathoms, half a league to the southwest and slowing.  We may have damaged it with that last torpedo.”
“Torpedo Room,” Corith shouted into the tube, “give me a status report!”
“It’s not good, Captain,” came the reply.  “We haven’t managed to extract the torpedo yet, and the pumps aren’t able to hold back the water any longer.”
All those on the bridge looked at the captain for orders.  If something wasn’t done soon, all might be lost…they might all be lost.
Captain Corith grimaced, quietly assessing the situation, determination showing on her face.  “If we surface, the enemy will sink us, possibly a few of us escaping before our boat is torn apart.  If we use what little power we have left to escape the danger then the enemy will have a heyday with our warships above, crippling our invasion plans, not to mention the many thousands of lives lost in such an event.”  She strummed her fingers on the bridge rail in thought.  “It gives us little choice.  No matter the cost, we cannot leave such a threat to run wild in these waters.  Engine room, do we have the power to make ramming speed?”
Silence…and then a rather surprised voice answered, “Yes, but not for long.”
Corith turned to the navigator and then the boat’s coxswain.  “Give me an intercept course on the enemy submarine.”  She then ordered the engine room to give them full power and called general quarters.  “Prepare for ramming!  Prepare for ramming!”  The fore torpedo room crew was told to abandon their posts after securing the compartment.
Minutes crawled by as the TFSB SuNidgha raced toward her destiny with the enemy.  CorithSion’s heart pounded in anxious expectation, imagining the others were feeling the same.  Such ramming attacks usually did not end well for either boat.  Like most newer submarine boats in Rae’s navy, a TFSB…Torpedo Frigate Submarine Boat…had not been designed for ramming an enemy submarine.  True, the rather flimsy wooden ships from the worlds above were no match for an eight hundred tonne behemoth the likes of SuNidgha that could crush them to splinters, but to take on another iron monster of the deep?  Odds of survival were slim at best.
“Thirty seconds to impact,” the navigation officer quietly called out.  “Twenty five seconds…twenty seconds…ten seconds to impact…five…four…three…two…one.”
A deafening, crashing sound tore through the bridge as sailors and equipment flew across the room, a navigator’s sextant breaking loose from a burst cabinet, smashing Corith in the face, flinging her across the room.  She regained her grip on the bridge rail, shouting into the speaking tube, “Hard left rudder!  Hard left rudder!  Full reverse!  Full reverse!”
Suddenly the submarine tilted down at its nose as the enemy submarine began to plunge into the depths.  Lights flashed out, replaced by an eerie, red glow of emergency lighting.  As it rapidly rolled to port, the boat continued to tip down.
The first officer shouted, “Seventy fathoms and sinking fast!  Eighty fathoms!  Ninety fathoms!”
SuNidgha was nearly vertical now.  “One hundred fathoms!  One hundred twenty fathoms!  One hundred seventy fathoms!”
Suddenly, with an earsplitting screech, accompanied by a bone-shaking shudder, SuNidgha spun around as its bow broke free of the enemy submarine, the boat slowly stopping its descent while beginning to rotate upside down in a crazy corkscrew.  “One hundred sixty fathoms!” the first officer cried.
Eventually, the boat began to right itself.  Captain Corith believed the damage to SuNidgha was fatal, feeling the need to surface as quickly as may be, if possible.  As soon as the boat reached a forty-five degree tilt, she shouted, “Blow the ballast!  Blow the ballast!”
A few seconds later, the first officer called out, “One hundred thirty fathoms.  One hundred ten fathoms.  Ninety fathoms.  Sixty fathoms.”
The entire crew silently waited as they continued to listen to the first mate call out the depth.  By now, the bow of the submarine was up bubble at about sixty degrees, the boat’s engines driving it toward the surface at a maddening speed.

Headman Germanna stood on the foredeck of the three-masted carrack, his battle-weary soldiers preparing for another attack of the Southland’s navy.  Two giant, enemy canoes were bearing down on his crippled ship, its rigging already shredded and sails torn from earlier attacks.  A third of the ship’s crew was down and outnumbered by the approaching enemy.  Those big canoes were over seventy feet long with crews of up to eighty men in each vessel.  The largest of them mounted a long ram on its bow.  In their crippled condition, Germanna doubted they would survive the upcoming attack.
“Prepare for boarding!” Germanna shouted, drawing his short sword.  He stared across the waters toward the rapidly approaching enemy, a feeling of hopelessness growing in his belly, seeing there were no allied ships close enough to provide assistance.  With resigned determination, he gritted his teeth, gripping his sword tight.  They had one small hope for surviving this coming battle.
He called his officers to him.  “We will not give them opportunity to board us!  We will take the attack to them.  Our only hope is to take one of their ships, and that is what you will tell the men to do.  Now be at your duties quickly.  Press the attack without mercy.  We are sons of Meric and will never cower before servants of the Snake!  To the death!”
His officers tipped their heads, giving a slight bow in salute and were off to carry out their assignments.  Germanna turned his attention back to the enemy.  As he closely watched, the headman’s attention was drawn to distant waters.  About a quarter of a mile out, near the approaching enemy, the ocean was beginning to froth and boil in angry agitation.  He glanced over at the war canoes, noticing that the enemy had stopped paddling, many of the men aboard pointing at the frothing turbulence.
Suddenly, in unbelievable violence, a giant monster from the depths below exploded out of the sea, lifting up the two giant canoes, pitching one skyward before it fell crashing onto the monster’s back.  The other canoe was caught up in the beast’s opened, tooth-filled jaws, lifted high into the sky, higher than the masts on Germanna’s ship before it shattered to pieces, casting the canoe’s crew in every direction, some smashing down, bouncing off the monster’s glistening skin before disappearing forever in the watery depths, others plummeting into the foaming brine, never to be seen again.
Higher and higher, the leviathan of the deep rose from the water until Germanna feared it might take flight into the sky.  Ever so slowly, the great sea monster stopped its upward flight and began to fall forward, smashing into the sea, creating a huge wave so great that, even from this distance, Germanna could see its foaming top racing toward them.  He was so horrified, he could not even call out to his crew…something that was unnecessary anyway.  A few of his men were crying out to the deities, with others screaming out in senseless panic.  Most stood there as dumbly as he did, staring at this black demon of the deep, its huge eyes glaring out at them from the sides of the protrusion on the beast’s back.
Germanna dropped his sword, involuntarily falling back in a panic.  Clutching onto the forecastle rail, he cried, “By the gods!  By the gods!”  Then, to his astonishment, he watched what looked to be two human-appearing creatures strangely dressed in white leggings and blue-black jackets climb out of the protrusion in the monster.  Moments later, he saw a plume of black smoke roiling skyward from the sides of the monster, quickly followed by a rumbling roar sweeping across the waves toward his ship.
The headman stood there in wonder at this denizen of the deep less than two furlongs from them, sitting there without moving, its voice in a constant rumble while ocean waters splashed across its back.  He wanted desperately to flee, just as the surviving enemy ships were at this very moment, but this carrack he captained was a converted merchant ship, moving only with the aid of sails, something he lacked at the moment.  So he silently stood there, waiting for the monster to turn and devour them as it had done with the enemy war canoes.
His heart pounding in fear, Germanna finally came to his senses.  The monster had not yet attacked.  Maybe there was some hope.  He glanced over his shoulder, shouting at the panicked crew, “Give me sails!  Give me sails!”  As he waved his arms in desperation, he cried, “Forget the rigging!  Get the sails up!”
Frantically, the crew began cutting away the lashings while others raced to set up new block and tackle.  In short order, the crosstree with a tattered sail was being ever so slowly hoisted up the foremast.  As the breeze began to catch the sail, Germanna shouted to the helmsmen, “Hard to starboard!  Hard to starboard!  Turn us about!  Turn us about!”
The ship groaned as the shredded sail caught the breeze, the mast creaking, threatening to snap under the stress of canvas.  The boatswain finally got his wits about him and began ordering the crew to tie down the bridles, catch up the rigging and secure the stays.  Anxiously, Germanna looked back over toward the sea monster, expecting to see it turning in his direction.  Instead, he stared in amazement, watching several black creatures with strange-looking metallic heads crawling along the leviathan’s back, every now and then seeing a creature diving down into the water beside the beast.  He scratched his head in wonder, puzzling at just what kind of monster this was.
The carrack slowly began to turn about.  All the while, the boatswain busied the crew with repairing stay wires and setting fresh sails.  Headman Germanna continued his vigil, watching the sea beast closely, curiosity growing with his every breath.  To his surprise, he saw other creatures climbing down from the protrusion above the monster’s eyes, creatures appearing so human, wearing only headdresses of sorts, or he assumed them to be headdresses and not appendages.  So much his mind wanted to turn the carrack around and approach this whatever it was.  But the man’s heart warned him that the better part of valor was to escape possible death.
As the carrack’s sails caught the breeze, slowly pulling away from the black, glistening monster whose eyes were ever following them, Germanna turned wistfully for one final look-see at this terrifying yet strangely intriguing, whatever it might be floating placidly in the calming sea, the little creatures having come out of it scurrying about as one might see ants on a damaged anthill.  He sighed, half wishing he was not running away.
 “A tale for my children, to be sure…” he muttered to himself before giving orders to remain on their current course and hoist all sails when ready.

SuNidgha exploded from the watery deep, the submarine boat’s nose reaching for the sky.  Captain CorithSion gave little thought to the shark’s mouth they had recently painted on the bow of the boat, and less consideration to what might be on the ocean’s surface, not thinking about any reaction the people from the worlds above might have with the boat’s sudden appearance.  Right now, the captain’s only concern was getting away from this watery grave so that the boat’s crew could escape certain death if SuNidgha was truly stricken a fatal blow.
As the boat’s surging movement upward eased and the hull’s nose began its rapid descent before crashing into the sea, Corith breathed a sigh of relief.  Hopefully, there would be time to get the entire crew off the boat before it sank forever beneath the waves.  Ka-foosh!  The sound of the bow wave rushing along the sides of the submarine signaled her that the boat was now flat in the water.  Without waiting further orders, the first officer was up the ladder, through the hatch to the conning tower and, just as quickly, had opened the outer hatch and was crawling through its opening into the daylight.
A moment later, the first officer shouted down, “She’s almost level, with a two to three foot freeboard, and off keel by only a few degrees.  We have waves that occasionally sweep the deck, but the rear hatch dome rides high, for the most part.”
Captain Corith was relieved.  The boat rode the waves high enough for the entire crew to make escape if necessary…if necessary.  “Damage crews to your stations!  Give me status reports!”  She turned to her boatswain.  “Get your people on the bilge pumps!  I need to know what shape we’re in, and sooner than may be.”
After receiving news that the pumps were keeping ahead of any flooding in the compartments …exceptions being the abandoned fore torpedo room, presumably smashed beyond ruin, and aft torpedo room, its silence ominous…Corith gave orders for all nonessential personnel to be at the ready for abandoning ship.  She then took her leave and climbed up the ladder and out the conning tower for a look around.
Off to the south, the captain watched as, far in the distance, dozens of war canoes were making haste to escape contact with this terrible apparition from the deep.  Several leagues further to the south, she could see the green haze of the mainland.  The first officer called her attention to other sights off their stern.  There in the waters, less than a furlong away from where SuNidgha had bolted from the sea, dozens of men flailed about in the foaming brine, the waters littered with flotsam and jetsam.
Captain Corith turned away, saddened by the sight.  There was nothing that could be done for those people at the moment, if ever.  Perhaps they would get a hold on pieces of the wreckage until help might arrive…help that would not come until SuNidgha had departed.  Turning her attention away toward more pressing matters, Corith began issuing orders and receiving reports.
The first officer pointed north, toward a three-masted warship sitting dead in the water, its crew all afright.  Corith called for her eye piece, using it to search the people aboard the ship.  “It’s a converted merchant ship turned into a fighting carrack, I believe.  Looks to me that they have already been in the thick of it from the damage I can see.  Those people floundering in the water must have been preparing another attack on them.”  She scanned the faces of the crew on the ship, suddenly stopping and letting out a quiet cry.  “That’s Germanna, my great grandson!”
The first officer, who was now watching the carrack through his own eye piece, mused, “He looks more like he’s seen a ghost…or a monster.  Tell me, does he know about any of this, the Submariner stuff?”
Corith quietly answered, “No, his grandmother chose to take a man from the worlds above for a husband, never speaking a word to anyone concerning the inner world she had been born into.  Indeed, she was born aboard one of these monsters of the deep, the very boat named after my father’s first wife, the name I carry as my own.  As for Germanna, I have visited the family from time to time over the years.  He might recognize me, but only as some possibly distant relative.”
The first officer commented casually as he continued to watch the ship and crew, “Our little intrusion into this world may well have saved your boy, giving you opportunity to pay future visits upon him.  Those fellows in the water back there were not out here paying a social visit and, by the damage to that yonder ship, I doubt Germanna would have come out the winner had they joined in combat.”
Captain Corith sadly agreed.  “Still, who should live and who should die?  I have been told that a child born of Atlantis’ wicked king may save the world of men because of the blood he carried within him.  Who of those men struggling in the seas behind us might be or might have been progenitors of future saints and heroes, that is, if they should live to produce those offspring?”
Curious, the first officer asked, “What would you propose we do then?  Nearly sunk are we.  We have no room for them aboard this boat, and what would we do with them once aboard?  If we rescue and hand them over to your boy, they will surely all be put to death.  Do you have another suggestion?”
“Yes,” Corith replied.  “If we do not sink and can get underway soon, we can leave an escape raft or two along with a little food and water.  In the meantime, we must tend to our own needs and think of assisting those helpless souls when we are no longer in a pinch.”

After an initial inspection of the submarine boat was completed and it had been concluded that SuNidgha was still seaworthy and able to get underway after some emergency repairs, Captain Corith had two inflatable dinghies made ready with necessary supplies.  Three people in black diving suits with shiny, metallic diving helmets boarded a motorized skiff to deliver the dinghies to the survivors struggling in the water.  She had warned the divers, “Leave your helmets on and say not a word to them.  Make sure they understand what the dinghies are for, but do not assist them in any other way.  As soon as you have made delivery, you are to depart.  Leave them to their own wiles.  If they wish to tell tales of gods rescuing them from the ocean’s depths?  Well, it will do.  Better is it to keep them superstitious than for any to guess the truth.”
Soon the divers had resumed their duties of making needed repairs on the submarine.  The fore torpedo room was beyond salvage and would remain flooded until they could make Hazal Island, some one hundred leagues out in the Atlantean Sea.  Until then, they would have to run on the surface, hoping not to be discovered by enemy submarines.  Corith dared not send a distress signal, for fear the enemy might pick it up and home in on them.  So they were to run silent until reaching Hazal Island.
Rescuers had finally cleared debris to the rear torpedo room and eased the flooding enough to open the hatch.  Sadly, all seven of the crew manning that compartment had drowned after a magnetically activated torpedo exploded near the hull of the boat, rupturing several seams in that compartment.  Divers managed to reduce the leaking to a tolerable level, but the torpedo room itself was damaged beyond any usefulness.  Wrapping the bodies of the seven dead crew members in canvas cloth, Corith had them returned to the torpedo room and the hatch closed, hoping they could make Hazal Island before the bodies suffered too much decomposition.
As darkness began to fall, SuNidgha started her slow journey out of Lake Tecatucutan into the Atlantean Sea toward Hazal Island and safety.  Captain Corith silently stared into the foaming waves of the submarine’s wake.  Somewhere, hundreds of fathoms below, rested the torn wreckage of a Hormaxian submarine with possibly one hundred or more dead sailors aboard.  True, they were the enemy, and a few were undoubtedly members of the Hormaxian houses but, for the most part, those dead men…the Hormaxians did not recruit women…were innocent to the ways of the enemy.  Boys to older men, most were just doing their duty for what they believed was a righteous cause and for a holy order.
“Oh, should all wars ever be so grand!” Corith sourly sputtered, wishing so much that these hostilities could be the last.  But alas, no, it would not be.  She turned to the second watch officer.  “I’m going to get a bit of food and a little rest.  Keep a wary eye out.  Alert me, if need be.”
The second watch officer acknowledged the captain’s command, adding, “Might I suggest you have the surgeon take a look at those injuries of yours?  We can’t afford another casualty now, can we?”
Corith politely grumped, saying she would check into it, before disappearing into the lighted decks below. 

*    *    *

Darla lay sprawled in the bloodied snow, coughing up dirt and debris from her mouth. Gradually, she came to her senses.  She was not dead, not yet.  Smoky dust was beginning to clear, or was it the momentary blindness passing?  She did not know.  Quiet…so quiet it all was, or were her eardrums ruptured?  This, too, she could not tell.  What Darla did realize was that as numbness from the exploding missile diminished, an increasing agony grew in her belly.  Slowly drawing herself up on her elbows, Darla painfully rolled over on her side.  Looking down, she groaned in despair, “I am dead...”
Something jagged and sharp had ripped an ugly gash across the woman’s belly, catching and pulling several feet of her entrails from her.  Immediate help she needed if there was any hope of survival.  Looking around at the smoking fires and appalling carnage, Darla puzzled as to why she even lived.  Still, she thought she was alone, all her comrades dead or having run away, the only one left near the courtyard gate on the knoll behind the ruins of Argototh Observatory.
Gritting her teeth, Darla determined to stay her post to guard against an enemy advance.  As carefully as she could, the woman gathered up her intestines, wiping what filth off from them she could before forcing them back through the ghastly wound, nearly passing out from the agonizing exertion.  After catching her breath, she began to look around for the battle horn she had been carrying.  If the enemy were to approach, she could at least sound a warning.
While groping for the horn, Darla glimpsed a moving shadow out of the corner of her eye.  She froze, very slowly turning her head in that direction.  Rising up to have a better view, she saw three men cautiously making their way along the stone wall, now little more than rubble, and toward the gate.  One of the men quietly called to the others, “Remember, we are to take no prisoners.”
Not sure whether there might be others like herself, torn and bloodied, but still alive, Darla pondered what to do.  She might have enough strength to flee further and find a place to hide, but what good would that do if the enemy continued advancing through the courtyard?  Surely they would eventually find her trail of blood and go in search of her.  Lying prone, the woman reached for a broken pike-axe, pulling it close to her side.  Quiet as a mouse, she watched and waited for what might happen next.
After passing through the gate, one of the enemy soldiers asked the other, looking over at a body half buried in the rubble, “Is it dead?”
Before speaking, the second enemy soldier pulled his long-handled, ball mace from his belt and smashed the skull of the person on the ground, laughing, “Well, it’s dead now…”  Reaching down and rolling the body over, the man hooted, “It’s a woman, too!”  Tugging at the clothing, the soldier began pulling the woman’s leggings off.  “She’s still warm…do in a pinch in this wilderness.”
When Darla heard what the man was going to do, something snapped inside her.  Little she remembered after some kind of beast within waked in a rage, jumping up, clutching the pike, screaming, “Die!”
Before the enemy soldier could rise to fend off the attack, the monster, eyes ablaze in the darkness, its staccato voice screaming curses and oaths, caught the man in the throat with the axe, severing his head from his shoulders.  As his lifeless body started to fall over, the monster swept the blade again, slicing through the man’s lower leg.
Instantly, the monster was upon the first soldier, tearing him asunder with a stroke of her pike, quickly followed by a second blow with the axe, splitting the man’s skull apart.  Seconds later, the monster dove for the man who warned to take no prisoners.  Just as she charged with her pike, the man spun around, saving his life but suffering a nasty wound, the blade piercing his shoulder.   Crying in horror and pain, the man stumbled toward the opened gate, escaping down the path, the pike’s blade still imbedded in his wound.
The monster in Darla cried out a bloodcurdling scream of angry frustration that echoed back across the battlefield, chilling the hearts of friend and foe alike.  So much the beast within wished to rip apart the gate and chase down the fleeing enemy officer, but the body it resided in could no longer carry on the battle.  The world began spinning about as a faint consumed Darla in a blinding vision of nothingness, the woman groaning as she collapsed, crashing to the ground.

Darla gradually awoke to the sounds of a busy medical hospital bay.  As her senses slowly returned and she began comprehending her surroundings, she attempted to move, struggling to get up on her elbows.  With a cry, she fell back on the cot, drawing the attention of several people in the room.  An attendant rushed over, followed by an officer still dressed in her battle gear.
“Why?  Where?”  Darla moaned.
A gentle hand stroked Darla’s arm.  Captain DepaisStarTogam bent down, leaning close, her grimy face breaking into a smile.  “Quiet now, Honey, quiet.  You’ve had a busy day.  You need some rest.”
“Wher…where…am…?”
Depais squeezed Darla’s hand.  “You’re in the recovery room.  The surgeons said they used up a spool of thread sewing you back together, but think you’ll mend up just fine.  They say you’re a tough one, too ornery to die from such a little scratch.”
Recalling part of her earlier contest, Darla wondered, “What happened…?”
Grinning, Depais answered, “The enemy’s falling back all across the line, thanks to you.  We’re pushing them as I speak.”
“Me?  How?”
“Oh, my dear,” Depais laughed, “my company was moving forward to lend support to your line just as the missile barrage began, pinning us down in the rubble of the buildings behind the observatory.  When we were finally able to advance, coming over the ruins of the western courtyard wall, we arrived in time to see you take on those enemy soldiers.”
“What?”
Depais asked, “Do you know who you were contesting with?”  Darla did not.  “Well,” Depais explained, “that fellow you chased away after sticking him…well, that was Lord Godenn.  Why he was so far forward, I don’t know, but your kicking his ass and sending him off the way you did put his entire army on the run.  You did it!  You turned the entire battle around!”
Thinking of the others in her platoon, gathering her fading strength, Darla asked, “What… what of the others?”
Depais gripped Darla’s hand.  “Some made it, a few.  The surgeons are assisting them.  They should be all right.”
Tears welled up in Darla’s eyes as her strength surrendered to the moment.  “A few?  Only a few?”  She drifted back into a deep sleep.

*    *    *

King Herod sat back in his chair, having just finished breakfast.  He did not like being bothered so early in the day, especially by some troublesome, Jewish elder.  Just the same, he spoke with polite annoyance, addressing the man.  “So, Rabbi Benjenerit, I do certainly hope you have good reason for disturbing me this morning.  I am a very busy man and have little time for your oft troubling tales of reported improprieties any of my officers may have committed regarding temple policy.  After all, your rules are numerous and confusing, and ever growing by the day.”
Rabbi Elihu Benjenerit was a high-ranking member of the sect of the Sadducees and an officiating judge on the Sanhedrin.  His feet were often found in Herod’s palace, usually in some official capacity concerning Sanhedrin business.  But, being a man thirsting for power, he would at times appear before the king of Judea with information or suggestions that might appeal to him, of course with the hope of gaining some reward.  This day he was attempting to impress Herod with a special find he had made.
Elihu bowed politely before Herod.  “Oh, my great and wonderful Excellency, I would not have troubled you this early in the day if it was ordinary business of a mere legal nature that was to be presented.  No…no, indeed!  It is something that may prove to be of great value to his majesty, considering the many peoples from numerous national groups and foreign territories who constantly appear before his highness for counsel and assistance.  I have found a lettered man who speaks and writes in the languages of so many of the nations.  A treasure he is, I assure you.”
King Herod leaned forward, his interest growing.  Placing his goblet on the table, he told Elihu, “Tell me more about this treasure you speak of.  If you truly do have a treasure, there may be a reward in it for you.”
Elihu grinned, bowing politely while rubbing his hands with pleasure.  “There is an old priest of the division of Abijah, a certain Zechariah by name.  Not many months ago, when it came the time for the division of Abijah to offer incense in the sanctuary of the Most High, this same Zechariah took his turn offering incense at your glorious temple.  It is said that after this man entered the sanctuary, an angel appeared before him, declaring that because he is a righteous man…for both he and his wife, Elizabeth, walk blamelessly in all the ways of the commandments and legal requirements of the Most High…that his wife would have a son in her old age.  But  the priest, Zechariah, not believing the angel, was struck dumb from that day forward until he declared in writing that the child was to be called ‘John’.”
Herod interrupted, irritated, “I have heard this tale.  So what does it have to do with this treasure?”
The Rabbi lifted a hand, his index finger extended.  “This same Zechariah, of whom I speak, came to me just this day before, telling me about a widow woman who lives in the wilderness of Judea with her small flock.  Strange she is, keeping to herself in lonely places.”  He lowered his voice to little above a whisper.  “There are some, like Priest Zechariah, who feel she is a prophetess, even possibly the very same Serah who traveled down into Egypt with Jacob and his sons.”
Surprised, Herod asked, “Do you believe this tale?”
Elihu quietly laughed, “I am but a lowly servant of the children of Abraham.  It is not my place to make such a judgment.  I speak only of this matter because the treasure I have mentioned to you was introduced to me by this very holy man, Zechariah, saying that the woman from the wilderness, known by the name of ‘Serah’, introduced that fellow also to him, saying the person was the brother of her former husband.”
Herod’s eyebrow went up, his curiosity piqued.  “Yes?”
The old Sadducee leaned closer.  “This fellow goes by the name of ‘Sanballat’, named after his forefather, the great Sanballat of fame from the city of Beth-horon.  It was told me that this Sanballat was birthed in Babylon and apprenticed under Hashban Sobia, a wise counselor and teacher residing in the mountains of eastern Persia, a direct descendant of Asherpan, who stood beside the kings of Babylon in days of old before Persia ruled the world.  When this Sanballat was finished with his apprenticeship, after being taught in all the ways of speech, writing, and customs of the world of men, Hashban Sobia sent Sanballat away, telling him to return to his ancestors’ home to serve the needs of his people until the days of his vows in training had come to their full.
“Sanballat returned to the regions of Beth-horon in search of his brother, it being told to him by the wise men in Babylon that his brother, Leumi, had earlier returned to the land of his ancestors, he having also apprenticed under the watchful eyes of Hashban Sobia.  But being older and not filled with great wisdom and insight as was his younger brother, he was sent away early.  It was told him that Leumi, unlike his brother, Sanballat, who has vowed to live the life of celibacy, had taken up living in marriage with this woman, Serah, who lived far off in the wilderness of Judea.
“Well, when Sanballat finally arrived at the home of his brother, he was met by his widowed wife, Serah, who took him in, for the man had no place to rest his head.  The woman, having a reputation for kind acts, eventually delivered her brother-in-law to the temple’s Court of the Gentiles seeing that, although having a Jewish mother, he was the uncircumcised son of an Ethiopian official in service to a district ruler in Persia.  There, Zechariah made acquaintance with this Sanballat, listening carefully to his account, concluding that you, oh great king, might like to meet such a wise and talented fellow.”
“And he, Zechariah,” Elihu swept a hand in gesture toward himself, “seeing that I was known among the members of the Sanhedrin who spoke often with you, our great and wonderful bishop and giver of the Temple gift as we see it today, introduced this wise young fellow, Sanballat, to me, so that I might examine him thoroughly to see if he was someone fit to be presented to you.”
Herod harrumphed, scowling, “Save such aggrandizements for the ignorant masses who believe your drivel!  Don’t think too much of yourself, not here in this house.  Your kind of examinations couldn’t distinguish the difference between bags of fine grain and cattle shit!”
Elihu took a step back in shock.  The man was too fearful of the king over Judea to offer rebuttal, or even speak up in his defense.  He stood there as if struck dumb.
Seeing that he had helped Elihu understand his ranking in the judicial house of lords and kings, Herod softened his stance, thanking the old Sadducee for his service while reminding him that if the fellow lived up to all the things said about the young man, there would be a nice reward awaiting the rabbi.  He stood.  “So, where is this outstanding fellow, so that I might make his acquaintance also?”
Elihu bowed low, motioning back toward the entrance of Herod’s breakfast chamber.  “My Lord and King…this Sanballat waits in the inner courtyard to be summoned to you.”
Herod called for one of his servants to fetch the young fellow.  In a few minutes, Sanballat stood before the king, having politely bowed out of respect for the man’s office.  After looking the young fellow over carefully, noticing not only his very handsome appearance, but the strange clothing the man was attired in, Herod sat back down.  “So, tell me about yourself and where you come from and why you believe you can assist me.”
The young man dipped his head, “Yes, your Gracious Highness.  My name is Sanballat of the house of Ballat, from the district of Beth-horon, or that is what has been taught me by the wise seer, Hashban Sobia, being raised in his household from infancy.  My mother, Rebecca, was a Jewess, but my father an official of the court in greater Persia, or so I have been told, because his name I do not know.  The Seer Hashban Sobia took a liking to me, showing me the secret wonders of the world from ages past to where it must go before the ending hour.”
Sanballat reached into a hidden pocket, pulling from it a bejeweled mirror, studded diamonds embedded in the gold surrounding the polished surface of the mirror, sparkling as if they were aglow with an inner fire.  He stepped forward, handing the mirror to Herod.  “My master, Hashban Sobia, told me to deliver this to the king over the peoples of my homeland as a precious gift from ages long past.”
Taking the mirror, Herod gazed into it, marveling at its beauty and great clarity.  “Where…where did you get this treasure?”
Sanballat smiled.  “One night, as I slept in my chamber, a dream came to me of a faraway city in a faraway time, a place where men and gods walked side by side in peace and in war.  When I awoke, I ran to my master to tell him about my dream.  He smiled when I gave my account to him, after which he took from an old chest this mirror, saying it came from the city of my dreaming, Atlantis, before it sank beneath the waters.”
It was Herod’s turn to become speechless.  He stared down in amazement at the mirror in his hand.  “From Atlantis?  Then tales about the old kingdom are really so?”  He looked up into Sanballat’s face, wondering.
Sanballat said he believed them to be so, at least the part about there being an Atlantis.  “The wise seer Hashban told me that my dreams were not mine, but those from an ancestor of mine who lived in that long ago time.  He told me that just as it was in those days, when kingdoms rose and kingdoms fell, when the old ways were swept under the sea to be replaced by a new and different age, so too were we now living in an age of great change when all that is believed shall be consumed in a maddening sea by a new vision that will change the world of men forever.”
Herod exclaimed, “The prophets spoke about a coming new age and a king that was to rule over all the nations!  Daniel even writes concerning such a time.  Could your dreams have something to do with this?  Can you tell me more?”
Sanballat politely bowed.  “Your Highness, many are the tales told me by Hashban Sobia.  There are not hours in this day or the next, or even the next for me to tell you all his tales about kings and gods, kingdoms lost and found, about ships that sail under the oceans and float above the sky.  So many tales he told me…maybe for just the ears of a restless little boy, but tales I have never forgotten.”
Jumping up, Herod opened his arms wide.  “Well then, my fine young fellow, if you wish to be my personal scribe, the office is yours!  I so much wish to hear your tales.”
Sanballat smiled, bowing again, thanking the king for his kindness.  Herod then rewarded the old rabbi with a few coins of gold and sent the man on his way.  When things had settled down a bit, he went on to inquire concerning this Serah that Rabbi Elihu informed him about, saying that she was supposed to be the widowed wife of Sanballat’s brother, so Sanballat might have additional information for him.
Sanballat did not hesitate to explain.  “Serah is my brother’s widowed wife.  Little else I know of her other than from the local peoples, being very quiet about her own life other than saying that my brother was an interesting man, well-tempered and hard working, telling me that a fever took him shortly after they were married and that they had no children from the union.”
After having Sanballat sit down beside him at the secretary’s station, Herod went on to ask many questions concerning about what the locals had told him, and what he thought of the woman.  “Seeing that you are such an observant and wise fellow, surely you noticed things about her from the short stay with the woman.”
“Your Kingship,” Sanballat began, “my stay with my brother’s widow was but for three days and two nights, one of those days spent waiting her return after she departed with some of her flock on business.  Before the day ended, she arrived without the sheep, saying a merchant had purchased them for a fine price…and fine looking they were, too, as are all her animals.  Strange it is, I must say, about the animals, I mean.  It is a barren area where Serah has chosen to live, so her sheep must roam far to seek grasses in rocky and craggy places, yet fat and healthy the animals appear.  Also, never does she send them out with a shepherd to guide or protect them.  Still, in the evening hour, they have all wandered back to her humble cave where they lie down at its entrance until she sends them out the following morning.”
“What of the woman, herself?” Herod asked, most intrigued.
Looking toward the ceiling as if in pleasant recollection, Sanballat answered, “I am a man sworn to celibacy, to serve my fellow man without the encumbrance of a wife and children to distract me, but oh, the beauty and grace of this woman!  No mere human would I say she is if I should have come upon her as a stranger in the wilderness.  Her eyes can cast a spell upon you so that forget all other things you will, their beauty greater than Rachel’s, if what they say of Jacob’s wife is correct  And Serah’s face is just as comely, though she hides it within the shadows of her woolen hood most of the time.”
He leaned close, eyes beaming.  “One night, I watched from the darkness of the cave’s entrance as Serah tended her flock, the woman wearing a thin gown so that the bright light of the moon revealed the woman’s form to me in the moonlight.  Never…never in dream or reality have I seen a form having such beauty as this Serah possesses!  It is a good thing I am so devoted to my vows, or else I would have attempted to make the woman mine to fulfill the brother-in-law marriage with her.”  He paused in thought.  “I have to wonder if my brother truly died from the fever or from his heart succumbing to the woman’s unspeakable beauty.”
Herod laughed, “Maybe it’s not such a good thing, you missing out on something most men only dream about.”
Sanballat smiled.  “I will be blessed with greater gifts in future days should I stay the course now…for now.”
Still chuckling, Herod asked more questions about the woman.  “The old rabbi says there are rumors about this Serah being the same Serah who entered into the lands of Egypt with Jacob’s family and came out with Moses when the Hebrews were released from there.  Tell me, what do you think?  Is she truly this same Serah or is she possibly a witch or prophetess with spirit cast upon her?”
“The same Serah of yester age?”  Sanballat scratched his smoothly shaven chin.  “She would be very old, if that was the case.  But I have heard tales of a people made to roam this world until the ending age who lived in the days before Atlantis sank beneath the seas.  Indeed, my mentor and teacher, the Seer Hashban Sobia, spoke with an understanding as though he had actually seen the worlds of that time, so vividly describing those days to me.  But why would a person of such renown reside in the wilderness, in a cave?  If you, oh wise king, had lived such a long life, would you not have an even grander palace than this most beautiful of ones you possess now?  Would your service to men not even be greater than it is now?”
Herod waved a hand high.  “Not that alone...  I would use my wisdom and might to rule the worlds of men, to bring to them the peace and unity I would demand from them.”
“Then,” Sanballat looked down at the table, replying, “I would expect that Serah, if she is truly such a long-lived person, to do the same…unless…”
“Unless what?”  Herod’s face clouded.
“Unless the woman has a motive or reason for remaining here, residing quietly in this land, clandestinely possibly.  I don’t quite know.”  Sanballat perked up, looking over at Herod.  “Maybe she is a prophetess, maybe.  She delivered me to the priest so that I might be of some service to you, the king over this glorious house.  Maybe she knows of some blessing that will soon come upon us.  Prophets and prophetesses have been known to act in strange and peculiar ways ever since the days of King Saul.”
Herod thought a moment, “Possibly, you’re right…possibly, you’re right.”
Shortly after this, Herod sent Sanballat away with a servant to find his lodging, telling the young man to be ready to stand beside him later in the day, during official business hours.  After he had departed, Herod hurried about to have his soldiers go in search of this Serah, wishing to have the woman delivered there to him, if not for questioning, to at least to see if her beauty was as great as his new secretary described her to be.
In time, the chief of his bodyguard returned, telling Herod that the woman was not found at her wilderness cave.  “We arrived at the place only to find the most fearsome pack of giant, black wolves that I and my men have ever seen in this world, lingering around the opening of the cave.  We were able to approach no closer than to within arrow shot before the beasts advanced upon us, growling and snarling in most fearsome ways.  After we backed away, they stopped and returned to the cave entrance.
“When it became clear that our visit there was fruitless, we went to the villages in the vicinity to find out what we might about the woman, and where she could possibly be.  All who knew of her spoke of the widow woman in kindly ways, but knew little else other than rumors you have already heard.  Strange, though, was that the people knew nothing about wolves in the region, saying their sheep had not been molested by any wild beasts for many long months.”
Puzzled to the point of becoming obsessed to distraction over finding this woman, for many months, Herod sent out his people to find out what they might about Serah, even offering a handsome reward for information leading to the finding and delivering of her to him.  All the while, life continued on peacefully in all the regions of Judea, the most exciting thing being the decree for all males to return to the cities of their birth to be registered.

*   *   *

Siona fussed as she helped dress her ‘little girl’ for the upcoming trip to Joseph’s ancestral home of Bethlehem.  “I still don’t see the need for you to hurry off now, before the baby’s born!  A few weeks…a few weeks, maybe after you go to the temple for your purification according to the law, then Joseph can take you up to be registered in his father’s city.  I’m sure the magistrates will understand such a little delay.  Possibly, they will not even have arrived in Bethlehem to take the census before then.  They have so many cities to go to, you know.”
Miryam smiled, taking her mother’s hands.  “Mama, we…my baby and I will be fine.  Remember, I do not travel alone.  My husband is a strong, brave man.  He will protect me…us.  Besides that, as I told you before, we have someone going with us.  The woman, Serah, has three of her flock that she is taking to a merchant in the very city we are traveling to and she wishes to accompany us on the journey.  She assures me that we will be quite safe as we travel.  You do trust the woman, don’t you?  She has never let us down, has she?”
Wearing a worried pout that only a mother could, Siona said that she did, and then argued, “Yet, she is also a woman.  Who will rescue her, if danger finds you all on the road?”
Eyeing her mother, Miryam squinted.  “You know I cannot tell you secrets revealed to me.  But as I have said already, the highwayman has more to fear from that woman than she does from him.  Alone in the wilderness she has not lived these many years by being innocent and weak.  She can to take care of herself and any others she wishes to protect.  That I do know.”
Siona sadly closed her eyes, recalling an account Miryam had told her about an adventure the girl had when in Serah’s company, about two drunkards they encountered on their travels to visit Elizabeth, how the men had gone off howling into the olive groves after Serah had taken a club to them.  “Yes, my Dear, she does appear to know how to take care of herself, but I still worry.  I’m your mother.  I have the right to worry.”
Miryam grinned, hugging Siona while giving her a gentle kiss on the cheek.  “I would expect nothing less from my mama.  I love you.”  She stepped back.  “We will be fine, I promise.  I do believe it is better that we leave now and not risk attempting such a thing later, just in case… you know, in case the birthing does not go as well as may be, or the baby gets sick.  No, it is wiser to leave now.”
At that moment, Joseph stepped into the house, a huge grin on his face as he breathed a sigh of satisfaction.  “The donkey is saddled and set to go.  I have just finished securing the bundles on the beast.”
Siona thanked the man, her eyes betraying a smoldering feeling of suspicion still troubling the woman’s mind that those night noises some months ago were more than whimsical dreams.  She smiled politely, suggesting that he and her child should be getting along so as to not waste the light of day, also asking, “So, where are you to meet up with this woman,  Serah?  Her feet have not arrived here this day, have they?”
Joseph cheerfully replied, “Already the woman waits for us outside the village gate, not wanting to bring her animals through these narrow streets.”
As Joseph busied himself with gathering up the few bundles he was to carry, Miryam quietly chatted with her mother.  When she and her husband were ready to depart, the girl handed Siona a small, leather purse.  “Mama, please, will you keep safe for me these ten drachma coins given me by the Maker of Worlds as a gift for my marriage and the treasure I bear for him within me?”  She closed her mother’s fingers around the purse, kissing her softly on the cheek.  “Joseph is a good and honest man.  The child within me is not his, but he speaks of it being so, protecting my…our reputation.  Trust me, Mama, it is true.”
Wrapping her arms about Miryam as tears flowed freely, Siona promised she would try.  “My heart believes you completely, but my head still has not come around to all that you have whispered in my ears.  Give me time, please, and I will do better.”
After offering affectionate goodbyes to her mother and father, Miryam gathered up a light bundle and wrap before following her husband through the doorway and into the street.  She sucked in a breath of the fresh morning air, a scent of early fall wafting on the breeze.  “My Lord, I wish to walk for a little while, to feel the morning dampness on my toes.  Later…a little later, I will take to riding the beast, if that is alright with my Lord.”
Joseph frowned, but acquiesced.  “I’d rather you ride, seeing that already you have dropped and not many days is it before your birthing.  Still, if you wish to walk a bit, I will keep the pace slow so that you are not overly stressed.”
Miryam took her husband’s hand, squeezing it as she smiled up into his face, thanking him.  The two casually made their way down the narrow street until disappearing onto the thoroughfare leading out of the village.  Siona stood in the doorway, peering after them, clutching the coin purse, Heli holding her with an arm about the waist.  She finally looked up and into her husband’s face, tears streaming down hers as she whimpered, “My baby…My baby…”

*    *    *

Gabrielle stood beside Tizrela as they stared across Hammond’s Fort Harbor, the report of Legion’s arrival in the Middle Realms having been received only moments before.  Gabrielle sighed, resigned, “If this dispatch is accurate, we might have five thousand soldiers…two regiments of Legion’s best storm troopers…knocking on our door soon!  We came so close…so close.  Is it just by chance that he has come against us here and now, at this very moment, when all things hang in the balance?”
Tizrela quietly replied, “It matters little how this has come to be.  The man has arrived with a purpose in mind, and we must thwart that purpose.  We cannot allow him the portals to the Lower Realms.  At all cost, we cannot permit it!”
Gabrielle was troubled by all of this.  Looking into Tizrela’s face, she asked, “How do we stop him?!  At best, we have thirty-five hundred ground troops, a smattering of fighters, and little else to hold back the storm winds.  It looks like the odds are not stacked well in our favor.”
Smiling confidently, Tizrela offered, “We possess the portals leading to the Lower Realms, and we are already dug in.  Two to one it will cost him, if he should choose to attack us on our heights.  That about evens the number of ground troops.  Also, please remember Commodore PalaHar and General Drorli have a sizeable flotilla of dreadnaughts and Marine fighters only a day or two out.  They can even the odds quite quickly, especially if Legion acts the way he has at other times, making sure all his ducks are lined up before committing to the battle.”
Gabrielle grudgingly accepted Tizrela’s observations.  “Yes, what you say has merit, and we are dug in on good, defensible positions.  Our forces should be able to check Legion’s hand, but the purpose of our mission was not to check his hand, not here at least.  We were going to leave only a portion of our troops here, to guard the portals, while the remainder of this army journeyed into the Lower Realms, to help stem any mischief there.  Few I can spare now to accomplish that task.”
Tizrela thought a moment before suggesting, “Give Captain Lonche command, leading a small taskforce of fighting scows and patrol boats along with three hundred Marines, and send him forward on a scaled-down mission into the Lower Realms.  Get word to Aphrodite and the Dragon witch, Noah, to stir the pot with the Sons of Horus and keep them distracted.”  She looked Gabrielle in the eye.  “I believe it’s time we tested the mettle of our Haudenosaunez allies, to see what they’re made of.”
Gabrielle was curious where Tizrela was going with this.  “What do you suggest I do?  Already, these children of the fire have carried on to their limit.  What more can I ask of them?”
“Much more, I assure you,” Tizrela answered.  “True, many gifts have you given them since they walked through Dancing Stones’ funeral pyre, yet the glory of uncanny powers you have restrained down to this day.  Give to Noahashonie and Hyhoset those promised powers.  Open their minds to the full so that the universe they see the same as you and I do see it.  Make them into the necromancers they are supposed to become, and then unleash them against the Southlands…demon chasers with the power of the gods.”
Shaking her head, Gabrielle vehemently disagreed.  “No!  It must not be…not yet!  Unlearned, untaught, the women are in the ways of such glory.  If they should gather the malice of the night to their bosoms while under such a spell, then the entire world might suffer their destructive anger.  Unchecked and unchained, such glory might become a terrible thing.  I cannot risk it!”
“A risk well worth taking...” Tizrela kindly retorted.  She poked Gabrielle on the arm with her finger.  “Do you not trust your own creation, that their love will keep in check the madness?  You, yourself, openly confessed to us that Noah could be trusted in all matters, with all our secrets.  Do you recall the day you told us those things?  Has your keen insight proved faulty so that now we must carefully assess your opinions and judgments?”
Gabrielle’s face flushed red in angry embarrassment.  “You do this all the time…taking innocent comments made at another time and for different reasons, twisting those comments to force a person into accepting your argument!”
What Gabrielle said about Tizrela was very true.  Many a debate she had won by using someone’s previous statements against them.  The woman was so good at this form of argument that she had even bested Lowenah on occasion, something that Lowenah found quite amusing, especially when she watched others squirming after such a confrontation.
Tizrela shrugged innocently, “I was only trusting to the protocol of consistency.  After all, you, yourself, have many times counseled us on the need for clarity so that your lieutenants will not have to attempt an interpretation of orders, thus creating a litany of predisposed assumptions that can lead to confusion and even disaster on the battlefield.  As you say, ‘Clarity and consistency are two of the supporting legs that create the stool of success in one’s battle strategy, a highly trained fighting force producing the third leg.’”
“All right, all right!”  Gabrielle grumped.  “Contact Major Chasileah.  She’s already on patrol in the Lower Realms.  Tell her to prepare the machines and then deliver Noah and her daughter to Eden.  The waking process should be accomplished quickly, but there will be no time to train them in the proper use of their new powers.  I fear the tempest that may well arise, should the women’s ire be raised!”
Looking back out over the harbor waters, Tizrela mused, “A little wild witchery might work to our advantage.  Unpredictability is a powerful weapon, especially when the enemy doesn’t understand we have released the unwieldy storm for no other purpose  than to create a distraction.”
“We can hope she will only create a distraction!” Gabrielle’s reply carried a note of trepidation.  “When Noah gets her dander up, she can become ruthless!  With her new powers unleashed against mortal men of clay, I fear that worlds might be consumed in her rage.  And Hyhoset?  I’ve never tested her temperament to the limit.  She is an unknown quantity, a very dangerous one.”
Looking back at Gabrielle, her hands placed firmly on her hips, Tizrela grinned.  “Then I guess we are about to find out.  Maybe it’s about time Legion took a better look at the ‘monkey children’ of the Realms Below.  Let him find out that ‘a little lower than angels’ doesn’t mean ‘weaker’.  Brute force he understands.  Let’s give it to him!”

*    *    *

Joseph quietly voiced his concerns, looking about at the crowded street before he and his wife passed through Bethlehem’s gate.  “I did not expect this many people.  Fear, I do, that we might not find appropriate lodging now, at this late hour.”  He cast a worried look at Miryam.  “Locating a midwife in this busy throng might not be possible.”
Serah rested a hand on Joseph’s lower arm, her toothy smile betraying a lack of concern.  “Do not fear, my friend.  Things will work out as they ought to work out.  We have enjoyed a pleasant journey, fair weather, travel without worry or harm.  Now we are safely arrived at your home city.  Do what you must, but have no fear of the day or night.  Remember, you and your family have not traveled here alone, and alone here you will not be.”
Joseph thanked Serah for her encouraging words as well as for her company on their journey to Bethlehem.  As the woman prepared to depart, he quietly reflected on that journey.  Such a strange person this Serah was, and her animals, too.  No crook did she ever use to guide her sheep along the roadway, but by their own intuition they accompanied her.  Although being the most handsome of beasts he had ever seen, Joseph noted that strangers always kept their distance when meeting them on the road, their eyes betraying wonder and even dread.
Before departing, Serah saying her business was not in the city but further down the road, the woman placed into Joseph’s hand a few small silver and copper coins.  Closing his fingers about them, she stated, “Never should the parents of a king be found begging in the public square.  Find your lodging where you might, but remember to provide for your own so that the disparity does not fall upon the head of another.  The Lord that your wife does carry has come to give, not take.  Be as one with him in this matter.”
Joseph bowed low before Serah.  “I do believe that an angel of the Most High has journeyed here with us.  Truly, who are you?!”
Serah took Joseph’s hand, signaling him to stand up before her.  She answered quietly, looking at Miryam, “Speak to your wife about these matters when other ears cannot hear.   Many are the tales she can tell you about your brothers and sisters who walk in the shadows of this world.  From her learn, but speak to no one the things she will reveal.”
She leaned over and kissed Miryam tenderly on the cheek.  “The child you carry saves us all, for only by his sacrifice can we all attain the hope offered to Adam.”  At that, Serah departed.

Joseph and Miryam spent the next several hours passing through the city, looking for lodging that would suit a woman about to birth a child.  Much to their dismay, they could find nothing.  Oh yes, innkeepers were still offering table tops and corners in their dining halls, at rather high prices, of course.  But these were no places for a woman to be, let alone a woman about to birth a child.  The cause for this was not only the emperor’s command to register in the city of one’s birth, but because of an unusually large crowd of other visitors.  This was fall, when farmers and shepherds came to the city to buy and barter goods, either to sell or to obtain needed supplies for the upcoming winter season.  Then there were also the countless merchants and hucksters who filled the city to help relieve farmers of their hard-earned wealth.
“Even with these monies, I can find no suitable lodging for us,” Joseph lamented.
Miryam was becoming exhausted, needing to take a rest, for she had been on her feet many weary hours.  Taking Joseph’s hand, she asked, “Can we not go to the public square, at least for a little while?  Let me rest up just a bit and then we can search some more.”
Joseph would have none of that, but instead offered, “I have a cousin who lives in the city, a son of my father’s brother’s son, ‘Komem’ being the fellow’s name.  Many are the years since I have seen him, but stories do tell that he lives in a house hewn into the rocks at the edge of the city.  Please, let us sit here at this inn to rest for a bit.  A cool drink will refresh your spirit.  Then we will pay a visit upon my cousin, Komem.”

Komem was polite, but his eyes betrayed his concerns.  Already, his home was filled with countless people claiming to be his blood kin, most of them he not really knowing.  Joseph he remembered from his childhood when the two boys played and got into mischief together in Bethlehem’s busy streets.  He was tired, only seeing before him more hungry mouths to feed.
Joseph rested a hand on Komem’s shoulder.  “My brother, we do not come to you in destitute condition.  Food for ourselves we have, even a bit to share.  And for monies, it is not for lack of lodging funds that I have sought you out but that the inns are all full, and what little space is available is not fit for a woman about to give birth.  Allow us, please, to rest here a bit, and I will go out searching again on the morrow to find proper lodging.”
He reached into his cloak, retrieving a small purse, taking from it a silver stater coin and pushing it into the hand of a very surprised Komem.  “There,” Joseph smiled with satisfaction, “that should cover our cost of lodging here for a day or two.  What do you say?  Can we come in for a little while?”
Komem frowned sadly, handing the coin back to Joseph.  “So much would I like to help you, but no space do I even have here!  What little that remains is in the stable below the lodging rooms.  Even my two older boys sleep there on clean bedding, for no room is there even for them in the main house.  If it weren’t for my flock being watched in the hills by local shepherds, no room even for my sons would I have!”
Joseph refused to take the coin back.  “The stable will do well, as long as it is in this house.  I see that you have grown into a fine, respectable man who cares for the needs of others at his own expense.  I…we will be no burden upon you, for it is written that when one has the means yet takes from another, it is theft.  My wife and I are not thieves.  Your generosity to share the stable with your sons we accept as a gracious gift to needy travelers.  But for the rest, we shall give to you as we would any of the fair innkeepers in the city.  Take the money and when more is needed, please inform me.”
Embarrassed over taking money from a family member, but in need of funds to provide for the many visitors in his home, Komem hesitantly accepted Joseph’s generous offer.  In short order, there was a comfortable room made from hanging blankets that offered the expectant mother a little privacy.  Miryam quickly took to the fresh straw and was soon fast asleep.
Joseph promised Komem that he would go in search of proper lodging in the morning, but Komem would have none of it.  “No, my brother, stay under my roof for as long as you wish, that is if your wife can tolerate her rooming accommodations.”
Joseph looked over at his sleeping wife, quietly replying, “I believe she will find these accommodations quite suitable.”

*    *    *

The Hormaxians were nearly in a panic.  The armies of Meric were sweeping south at a frightening pace, the powers of the Southlands unable to stem the tide.  Rumors were that two witch queens were riding in the vanguard of the armies, one coming down through landed territories with the western army, the other with invasion forces crossing Lake Tecatucutan.  Their powers unchecked, they led their people, bringing ruin to all who stood their paths.
Chourburn, high priest over the White Warlocks, stood in the council to speak.  “It is said the very Heavens listen to the voices of these witches, who call down fire upon our thunder weapons while creating tempests that tear our sky ships to pieces.  We cannot contend against such evil forces by ourselves, yet none of the sky lords have come to our aid!  Are we to expect their support in this war of aggression against us?!”  He sat.
Another priest, RaShabshaun, lord over the house of the Gray Hearts, stood, looking toward the High Lord, ruler over the house of the Black Hearts.  “There are voices that say one of these witches, a certain Noahashonie, is the same woman who brought down the king of Atlantis, she being his former wife, and that the other is Hyhoset, the woman’s daughter, who commanded the slaughter of the children of Horus after Dungie Dodanim’s defeat at the Battle of Kornary Valley.  How is such a thing possible?  And if it is so, how do we defeat the undead?!”
The high lord over the Black Hearts motioned for RaShabshaun to sit.  Only to the high lord were the head priests over the two other houses known, those two not even knowing the person of the other.  Secret this was kept by the long, hooded robes and black, silken masks all the people at the council wore.  Although unknown to the lesser Hormaxian priesthood, the high lord’s identity was not hidden from the Haudenosaunez.  He was Romulus Triberious, his official title being ‘procurator in the house of Augustus Caesar’.  Hormaxian leaders chose to hide in lesser positions of authority, whispering their intrigues into the ears of the supposed leaders over the people.
Chosen by his predecessor through the Ritual of the Death Mask Celebration, four Hormaxian eunuchs called the ‘Keepers of Divine Treasures’ would perform the initiation rites for the new high lord’s coronation, and then would drink poison and die, thus keeping the high lord’s identity secret from all, including the lords over the other two houses.  Romulus was the current High Lord.

(Author’s note…  Simply stated, shortly after the demise of Old Atlantis, Hormaxian high lord, Gomer, began the Ritual of the Death Mask Celebration in an attempt to maintain extreme secrecy concerning the leaders over the Hormaxian religion.  This practice was carried far into future days, not ceasing until the rise of New Atlantis in the ending age when, with the use of technological machinery, it became nearly impossible to hide one’s identity.
Gomer’s reason for doing this was an attempt to reduce the influence of contaminated viewpoints from other priests in the high lord’s decision making, thus maintaining the purity of the Divine Thinking that he believed was necessary to attain Savoirtanony, the highest level of spiritual insight mortals could attain in the Earthly dimension.
This Savoirtanony was attained through singleness of thought, where only the One Mind, guided by the spirits on high, and unclouded by the intrusions of unrequested opinions and suggestions, would gather the holiness of wisdom into himself in order to channel the thoughts and desires of the Sky Gods.  The high lord was thus to become the mouthpiece of the god-king, Lucifer, himself…his voice the same as Lucifer’s voice.
This secrecy concerning the high lord was attained by gathering young boys from infancy into the monastic priesthood.  At the age of fourteen, the children of this order were given over to goddess priestesses for one lunar month to experience all the arts practiced between a man and woman, after which they would be made into eunuchs to become the manly priestesses of Marduk, serving him as his male wives.  From these monastic eunuchs, four boys were chosen to be apprentices to the four elder Keepers of Divine Treasures, serving beside them until the coming of the new high lord.  At that time, the four elders would drink poison after handing over the Divine Treasures to their apprentices, thus beginning a new cycle in the Hormaxian dynasty of high lords.
The Divine Treasures were contained within a chest made of gold and chrysolite, signifying the marriage between the powers of Heaven and Earth, of men and gods.  Within the chest were scrolls and books containing spells and incantations, but also words and insights written down by previous high lords, thus preserving the knowledge of ages past.  Also the name of the next high lord was inscribed on a holy tablet within the chest, a secondary name included in case the first person chosen was not able to become high lord.
It was the responsibility of the four elder eunuchs to guard and protect the chest.  Should the high lord fail to appear at appointed times, then two of the elders would open the chest to discover who the high lord was and go in search of him.  If he was found alive and in good health, then the two elder eunuch  would return to their coven and drink poison, thus keeping the high lord’s identity secret.  If the high lord was incapacitated or dead, they took measures to bring the new initiate to power.  After doing this, all four of the elder eunuchs would drink poison and die, with the assurance that they would become fully female brides to their godly husband Marduk, and birth stars and planets for him to fill the universe with their celestial offspring.  And thus the cycle would be repeated with the former apprentices stepping into the roles of their elders and so forth, down through the ages until the ending age.)

Romulus stood before the council.  “The sky gods have spoken with me in my visions and dreams.  They say that war in the Heavens rages against the white-haired whore-maiden, this being done to check her hand so that her power cannot be manifested against us Earthly men.  They have spoken commands to me saying that, as a test, we are to drive this evil horde from our lands.  So we must send our people out like swarming jungle ants they must sweep down upon the enemy!  That way, we will defeat them.
“As for these witches of which you speak, I will tell you this.  Alone these women do not stand, for even in Rome have I found these ulcerous infestations.  In the Northlands, these abominations have stirred up the people so that the Germans and Brits, along with several of the smaller tribes, have risen up in revolt.  Within Rome, itself, I have found at least one witch of the brood, a certain Lady Juliet Tobanahazz, who has so smitten Emperor Augustus that he can think of little other than her.  The witch has also toyed with the mind of his daughter, Julia, so that she commits her adulteries openly in the courts and on the streets, driving her father to total distraction.
“No, I believe there is a conspiracy afoot, reasons for this unprovoked attack against us from the north, and the insidious assaults against Rome.  So now I command you, all who are scribes and wise men, to search out the holy books of prophecy so that we might find a reason for such mischief.  Do not rest your souls until an answer might be found for these sudden and uncalled-for attacks against us.”

*    *    *

Arel sat down by the crackling fire, sparks swirling up in a cloud of dirty smoke from the disturbed blaze.  “There!” he grinned with satisfaction.  “That wood should keep the fire going until the water steams.  I so look forward to my hot tea after things have settled down for the night.”
His two shepherd companions, Eyal and Peer, agreed.  It had been a long day and the men were exhausted, having walked several miles with the flocks to find enough grasses for them.  It was a bright, starlit night with a slight nip in the air, just enough so that they had wrapped their cloaks about them.
Eyal looked over at a nearby camp, watching other shepherds preparing to bed down.  “I think we should part ways tomorrow, possibly moving across the valley, to the hills beyond.  There just isn’t enough forage here to care for all the flocks.”
Arel hung a copper kettle on the bar hook over the fire, glancing over at the other camp as he did.  “Maybe we should ask them to move across the valley.  After all, we’ve been keeping our animals up on these rocky hills all summer.  They only recently brought their flocks here, after the grasses in the lower hills dried up.”
As the three men sat discussing what they were to do, a sudden, twirling gust of wind struck their camp, scattering the blaze all about and sending the kettle clattering across the rocky ground.  Hearing the commotion, shepherds in the other, nearby camps came running to find out what the matter was all about.  They stopped in stunned amazement at seeing a small, cyclonic cloud slowly fading in its power only to reveal an apparition in the appearance of a comely person of blinding beauty.
Too overcome to flee, the shepherds stared dumbly at the creature taking shape before them.  As the storm died in its agitation, there, near the smoldering fire, stood a divine being of majestic glory and beauty in the form of a woman dressed in glowing, golden raiment, fiery-white, flaming hair and eyes that glowed with the brightness of a harvest moon.  The radiant spirit casts its beauteous splendor into the darkness, lighting up the camp in a divine brilliance.   Before the men could react, the woman spread her arms wide toward them, a peaceful smile on her face as she spoke.  “Do not fear, my good sirs.”
This divine being slowly stepped forward until she stood in the middle of the astonished shepherds.  “I bring to you good tidings, declaring to you good news of great joy, because born to you this day is a Savior who is your long-awaited Christ.  And as a sign that all I am speaking to you is truth, you will find the infant bound in cloth bands and lying in a manger in the house of Komem of the sons of David, in the city of Bethlehem.”
A sudden commotion arose behind the angelic being, the field between the camps filling with a multitude of angels, both men and women, some standing in shining robes as was the first person, while others were dressed in golden armor and helms, swords at their sides.  As if with one voice, all the creatures began singing praises to the God of Abraham, saying, “Glory to God above, and upon Earth, peace to men of good will!”  As soon as the chorus was finished singing these praises, they vanished from sight, along with the first creature that had appeared before the shepherds.
Well, what can be said other than as soon as the shepherds gathered their wits about them, there was a commotion as they all talked to one another, asking what this was about.  Arel spoke up excitedly, “This Komem I know!  His sheep I have been tending to this summer.  Quickly, let’s go down to Bethlehem to see for ourselves what the angels have declared to us!”
Abandoning their flocks, all the shepherds hurried away from the camp, making a hasty trek for Bethlehem, in search of a newborn boy, sleeping in a manger.

Far above those peaceful fields where the shepherds had been tending their flocks, Gabrielle slowly walked other fields littered with the dead and dying.  The battle had been won, the child born, but oh, at what a cost!  Over one thousand of her dear and trusted companions had paid the ultimate price to win this victory.
She stopped and peered into the night sky, twin moons shining brightly upon a torn and blistered landscape.  For six days, her army had held the hordes in check, beating back one attack after another with a ghastly toll.  Now that toll was shamelessly revealed in all its sordid glory.
After hours of wandering the battlefield, Gabrielle found herself making her way along a shattered redoubt near the center of the line where some of the heaviest fighting had taken place.  Her eyes were ever searching the fallen, silently lamenting the loss of those she so loved and cared for.  She eventually came to a ruined gunn emplacement, a black and gold guidon hanging limp in the still night air.  Fearing the worst, she walked up to the guidon, recognizing it immediately to be the standard of the Fourth Howitzers.
Frantic, Gabrielle spied someone lying near a shattered caisson.  Rushing over to it, Gabrielle cried, “Tumasia!  My Tumasia!”  Falling onto her knees, she swept away dirt and debris from the woman who lay half buried in the twisted wreckage, scooping her up in her arms, sobbing,  “Oh, my Tumasia!  Don’t leave me, Darling!  No, don’t leave me!  I promised Mother I would care for her daughter…I would care for all of you!”
Tumasia’s eyes slowly fluttered half open as she coughed up bloody mucus, offering a weak smile.  “We held ‘em… held ‘em…  My gunn crew did their job.  We didn’t let them pass.  I’m so proud of them.  Please tell them for me…” Her eyes closed as she breathed her last, satisfied that she had been able to deliver her report.
Gabrielle slowly lifted her head and surveyed the surrounding destruction.  Tumasia’s gunn crew all lay where they had fallen.  She looked back down at Tumasia’s placid face, tears streaming down her cheeks.  “Yes, Dear, I will tell them.  I will tell them.”
*    *    *

High Lord Romulus Triberious sat in his private chambers in a stone and brick chalet, high up a narrow, mountain road on the western face of Vesuvius, the Divine Treasures writings that were kept within a cedar chest scattered about the table.  For years, Romulus had been making a careful study of these ancient manuscripts written in strange and often forgotten languages, interspersed with encrypted, coded messages that hid information the high lord of that bygone era wished to keep secret from prying eyes.  Already, Romulus had learned a great deal from High Lord Gomer’s writings, recorded mostly in the priestly hieroglyphs of Gomer’s day.
Gomer had been rather thorough in writing down historical accounts from his time, especially that of Atlantis and the ensuing migrations following its demise.  From him, Romulus had learned about Chuphoe Tobanahazz and his many women companions, several being former wives of King Javan and/or his son Dungie, the king of Atlantis.  There had been one woman in particular that drew his attention, one of the few women registered as the man’s wife, a certain Juliet Dalmatia Tobanahazz.  Little more was written about her than Chuphoe’s other women folk, except… except the name Tobanahazz…Lady Tobanahazz most often continued to be found in later writings of future high lords.
Then there was Gomer’s detailed account of his first moot or Council of HETH between the servants of Lucifer and those of Iam.  In that account, he describes the location of their meetings and subsequent ones on the island of Cyprus.  It was in those accounts that the Tobanahazz estate was oft mentioned along with the memorial marker located before Lord Chuphoe’s burial mound, calling him ‘the last king of Atlantis’, a puzzling statement, to say the least.  And ‘by order of the queen, the provost general’?  Could Queen Nidgha have been sitting the throne of Atlantis in its final days?  And what power and authority might she have given Chuphoe before he departed that world, and what treasures?  Was that the reason so many of King Dungie’s wives were later to be found living under his roof?
All of this information had led Romulus to believe that Lady Tobanahazz of Rome was either a direct descendant of Juliet or… a wild possibility…Juliet, herself, had lived down through the ages, from those days so long ago.  After all, if tales of Noahashonie and Hyhoset were at all true, then others from the period before Atlantis’ destruction might be walking among the people down to this day.  So much he wished to explore this further.  Also, with time, he might be able to decipher the writings of two earlier high lords, ZaphipheRa and Rapadies.  For now, he was seeking answers as to why the power of the enemy was so great in the Judean kingdom of Herod.
One clue he found was in Gomer’s account of the death of Rapadies and a certain Serah who brought about his demise.  Gomer provided a lengthy explanation of his encounter with the witching woman, her powers and ability to make prophecy.  The old high lord spoke with great, reverential fear concerning her, warning about the dread that might come upon anyone, should they attempt a coup upon her.  Gomer wrote down what few bits of information he had been able to gather about the woman, the children of Jacob being very tight-lipped regarding her.  Meager as Gomer’s accounts might be, Romulus believed they held the key to opening the door to answers he was seeking.
From Gomer’s commentary regarding the Council of HETH in those early days, and from subsequent councils of other high lords, Romulus had deduced that the witch, Noahashonie, and her daughter witch, Hyhoset, were none other than the same witches who currently threatened the western isles.  Aphrodite he still puzzled about, finding little information regarding her other than that some of the high lords claimed her to be the very wife of the Deluge’s Noah, and that she was now a spirit transformed, becoming wife to a sky god.  Little else he had been able to discover about her.  Later high lords did not mention any of the witches by name other than a certain Black Angel who they feared greatly.  Romulus deduced the Black Angel was none other than Noahashonie.
Romulus wanted…needed answers, especially regarding this ‘Serah’ person.  Was she truly the one with such uncanny powers that the sons of Horus dreaded entering Judea and whatever lieges that did, few ever returned?  So much he needed to know and now, especially since his servants had discovered prophecies concerning a coming king in Israel and his birth in that very land.  It was imperative that he must attempt to thwart such an event from happening.  For too many ages, the Hormaxians had labored to bring about the coming New World Order.  They believed they had finally created in Rome their one kingdom power that would gather the entire world under its wings.  If such a coming king, a new ruler over men and peoples as the prophets Daniel, Ezekiel, Malachi and others had foretold, did really come, he must be crushed quickly so as to not foil their plans of world domination.
Could there be more answers regarding Serah and the other witches hidden in the yet to be deciphered writings of ZaphipheRa and Rapadies?  This, Romulus hoped to discover.  But, for now, something must be done to nip this troublesome fig in the bud!  After all, Iam had foolishly revealed the location of the child’s birthing and the time.  Would it not be an easy matter to locate the babe in such a small city?  Herod would do the dirty work for them if given good reason, the man filled with jealousy over his rulership to the point of murdering his own sons, fearing them a possible threat to his throne.  Romulus needed to get someone to him that this witch Serah could not smell, stir up the rage of Herod, so that he might eliminate this troublesome threat for them.  Pulling up his hood after putting on his mask, Romulus called for two of his monastic servants.

 (Author’s note... All of the high lord’s personal servants were members of the Order of the Manly Priestesses of Marduk.  The high lord, being the mouthpiece of Marduk, made these nurtured men and boys his wifely priestesses also, satisfying whatever needs and desires he might have regarding them.  As a note, the priestly rulers of Hormax were not eunuchs, those men keeping their manly, progenitive abilities.  It was by the power of the Hormaxian priests that the male and female Zaelocks were created.  It was also from the children of women impregnated by these priests that the greatest and most holy of sacrifices came for the pleasing of Marduk and his lesser gods.)

The servants came in and bowed low in reverence to their god-king, Romulus, who stood in front of them.  After saying they could rise, he handed a scroll written in glyphs to the older of the servants, commanding, “Quickly, go to the high towers and speak to the blind seer, the man who talks to the stones, all these words written on this scroll.  When finished, take a submarine boat to Tyre and then make haste for Jerusalem to find a certain Sadducee by the name of ‘Rabbi Benjenerit’.  His fondness for gold and silver will serve you well.  Find out what you might about this promised king of the Jews while waiting for the astrologers who will come to the city from the east.  Remain there for further instructions from me.”
The two servants of Marduk bowed low, promising to do everything commanded of them.  Romulus then sent them away, with little expectation of ever seeing them again.  He doubted they could remain hidden very long before their smell would reach the nostrils of Serah the witch.  But maybe they could hide from her senses long enough to accomplish his purpose of foiling Iam’s prophecies regarding a coming king.  Had the high lord personally read all the texts of those prophecies, he might have realized that he was already assisting with the fulfillment of Jeremiah’s words, ‘There is lamentation and weeping in Ramah, for Rachel is weeping over her sons because they are no more.’
The man turned back to examining the parchment scrolls and books scattered about the table.  With quill and ink, he began copying down all the deciphered writings of Gomer, making two copies, one for his personal use, the other to place back in the chest.  Soon he would return to the work of breaking the high language of Rapadies and his predecessor, understanding that the glyphs contained layers of meanings, some that even Gomer had not deciphered, possibly not knowing there were more hidden there.  What Romulus believed was that the secrets of the people the Hormaxians dared not even speak the name of…the Haudenosaunez…and the history of the people who passed through the fires of a high priestess Dragon called ‘Dancing Stones’, were hidden in the text of the old priest ZaphipheRa.  He also believed that High Lord Rapadies, a Hormaxian surviving the destruction of Atlantis, understood the coded language ZaphipheRa wrote in and might have referenced it in clarifying statements.
First, Romulus must deepen his understanding of Gomer’s writings, then he would explore what Rapadies preserved for future priests, hoping what he found in those writings would lead him to a greater understanding of the eldest priest who first established the Atlantean Council, the priest who stood in the Heavens beside Lucifer’s chief lieutenant, looking down upon the circle of the Earth.  Yes, ZaphipheRa knew the truth regarding the children carrying the unspeakable name.  He believed he already had discovered Juliet’s name in Rapadies’ written accounts, and there were other names as well.  Gomer, Rapadies, and ZaphipheRa offered clues as to who these people were and what their possible weaknesses might be.
With quill in hand, Romulus took again to his studies, ever searching those holy writings for any clues that might lead him to the answers he was searching for.  One question always haunting his thoughts was, ‘what potion or elixir did these people have that extended their lives like that of the gods?’  What was this ‘Eden’ that Gomer and later priests occasionally referred to when speaking of the Dragon Order?  Indeed, who were these Dragons of old to whom the names Aphrodite, EpiphanOida, Tuosolmerica, and Noahashonie were often attached?  Were the Dragons and the unspeakable people one and the same?  All these things Romulus wished to know, and believed, with due diligence, he would find out.

*   *   *

Sanballat (Juufet) quietly sat in his chambers, his ear on a black and gold obelisk, listening carefully to the secret conversation Herod was having with the Babylonian astrologers just recently summoned back to the king’s palace.  The mirrored gift he had given the king when first arriving was not only a mirror but also a transmitting device, permitting Sanballat to listen in on Herod’s most private of conversations.  Earlier he heard Benjenerit deliver the chief priests’ answer to the king’s inquiries regarding where this ‘Christ child’ was to be born.  Benjenerit was more than generous, providing any and all the information Herod wished for.
Now the old miscreant was priming the astrologers for news as to when this mysterious star that only they could see had appeared to them.  “Oh please, my dearest of eastern brethren, long have I studied the words of the prophets to ascertain the time and location of this coming ruler over all the nations of my people.  I also wish to go up and do obeisance to the child, just as you do.  I have gold and silver monies that I want to give him, to lay those riches at his feet so that the people will see who their promised Lord truly is.”
The astrologers related when they had first seen the star and the days between its first appearance and their departure.  They were encouraged by an old sage that they must travel to this faraway land of Judea if they wished to find out the meaning of the star’s presence that they, alone, could see.  So it was that as quickly as may be, they gathered their servants and supplies together and upon their many camels began the harrowing journey across the desert, so that time could be made in haste.  But still it had been many days since their departure.  Then, according to their words, the star led them directly to this city where, after inquiring of the priests at the temple, they were sent to Herod’s palace.
Seeing that he must depend on these foreigners to locate the child, for neither he nor any of the holy men of the city could see the star the astrologers spoke of, and that many babies had been born in Bethlehem and its districts over the past several months, Herod sent them off, giving assurance to cover the cost of their journey when they returned with news as to where this Christ child might be found.  After the astrologers promised to do as Herod had requested why, once more they saw the star above them in the sky, leading them off toward the west, toward the very city revealed to them by the priestly men of Jerusalem.
No sooner had the astrologers departed than Herod called the head men of his trusted bodyguard to him.  Accompanying them were two black-robed, hooded men who spoke the dialect of royal, Roman gentry, but did not reveal where they were from.  After ordering his chief officer to prepare his army to march as soon as the astrologers were returned, the two black-robed men volunteered, “We shall go quickly tonight and follow the easterners to make sure there is no trickery to be had from them.  Should they fail you, then we will make full report so that what you desire may be accomplished.”

*    *    *

Serah could not believe her ears when Juufet contacted her through his transmitting machine.  “I cannot conceive him to be such a giant fool!  How dare a man of dust attempt a coup on God!  This I have not heard of since Manasseh attempted such a thing.”
After lengthy discussion, it was decided that Juufet was to remain in Herod’s house for the time being.  Serah offered a plan.  “The Sky Child, Chasileah, is not far away.  I will go quickly to Bethlehem after making contact with her.  I smell rats in the mix and intend to see to it that they do not create any mischief!  As for the astrologers, I believe Chasileah and I can deal with them without creating a political fuss.”
At that, the two concluded their conversation, Serah asking Juufet to keep her informed if any new and pressing matters should arise.  She then took from the shelf a short blade, light as a feather with an edge sharper than beyond sight, a ‘derker’ it had been called by Chasileah when she gifted it to her.  Then, as fleet of foot as a gazelle in flight, she ran away, toward the road leading up from Jerusalem toward Bethlehem.

*    *    *

The arrival of the astrologers and their entourage caused quite a stir in the tiny city of Bethlehem.  Not often did such a prestigious company of sojourners travel through here.  It was early evening when they came to the city stables with its many surrounding inns and taverns.  Not waiting for their animals to be bedded down, the men spoke with one another about finding this Christ child, searching the cloudy sky for the star that led them to Bethlehem.  Seeing that the star hung low over the rocky outcroppings near the edge of the city, they inquired of the many curious people standing about gawking who might live in that direction.
One fellow answered, pointing, “Many are the shepherds and their families who live out there, as well as a few people of common means.  Although I must add that not so long ago, a wild confusion arose at a certain home belonging to a man by name of ‘Komem’.  There arrived at his home many shepherds who had abandoned their flocks after angels… if you can believe that… told them that a king had been born to them right here, in this forgotten little city.”
“So you say a child was born in the house of this Komem not long ago?” AbuMeshach, one of the astrologers asked, attempting to hide his growing excitement.
“Oh yes!” the man exclaimed, smiling in the way a common fellow does when speaking in the company of important people.  “A baby boy born to a man called ‘Joseph’, a…a distant relative of Komem.  Well, Joseph and his wife and newborn baby remained here after the census was taken so that mother and child might be closer to the temple in Jerusalem when her days of purification came about.”
“So they have departed the city?” the astrologer asked, dismayed.
“No!  No, not at all,” the man answered.  “Komem just made Joseph return here to spend a little more time, you know to wait until the rainy weather eased, so that he and his new family might not be caught out on the road.  It is the season for it here, you know.  Late fall and early winter can bring a lot of chilly rain to these lands.”
Seeing that the star still remained low in the sky to guide them, BeltaBiezor, the spokesman for the astrologers, said to have the servants tend to the beasts, for they wished to be on their way through the city to this Komem’s home.  Along with many of the city’s inhabitants, they started off down the street, following the star that only the astrologers could see.

*    *    *

AbuMeshach’s eyes popped open as he lurched up from his cot, sweat streaming down his face.  He looked across the room, surprised to see BeltaBiezor staring back at him, the same distraught concern showing on his face.  Without saying a word, the two men began rousing the others to get up quickly.  In moments, the servants were gathering the astrologers’ things together and loading them on their camels.  Other servants busied themselves, cutting bells off the harnesses and saddles and quietly wrapping them in cloths before carefully tucking them away.  All this was being done so as not to disturb the sleeping city.
When they were ready to go, AbuMeshach woke the innkeeper, telling him of their departure by making up a story of some vision or other one of his fellows had in the night, but not of the dreams he and BeltaBiezor had.  Placing several gold coins in the innkeeper’s hand, with the promise the man would speak not a word of this to anyone this night, AbuMeshach departed.
Bethlehem was unusually quiet this late evening.  Even the dogs did not fuss when the many beasts and riders made their way through the narrow streets to the city gate.  Much to their surprise, when they came to the gate, they saw standing in the shadows of a darkening moon a woman shrouded in a long, hooded robe with three large sheep at her side.
The woman raised a hand, quietly calling out to them, “My children…my children, peace be with you.”
AbuMeshach drew up close to the woman, asking, “Oh please, mother of the darkness, a witch or enchantress, which are you?”
The woman pulled her hood back, smiling up at AbuMeshach, answering, “Neither a witch or enchantress, unless my beauty enchants you.  I am Serah, your mother through a man you call Vizier Asherpan.”
AbuMeshach’s face paled in shock, exclaiming, “Vizier Asherpan was father of my fathers many hundreds of years ago.  How is it possible that you are the mother who birthed…”
“Haddelpan… the Great Haddelpan?”  Serah laughed.  “I nursed the child at my breasts, as your mother, Ester, did you.”
Serah then waved her hand before AbuMeshach could ask further questions.  “Enough of this idle chatter.  I do know well the dreams you and your companion had this night.  My business takes me elsewhere, but here I have come to give you guidance so that you may escape this place without raising alarm.”  She pointed at her sheep.  “Follow these beasts and they will deliver you home to safety.  Rest when they rest and travel when they travel.  Do not falter from their path to the right or left, but always follow straight on behind them, they leading the way.  Do all this and no blood will there be placed upon your heads over the detestable things about to occur.”
AbuMeshach thanked Serah.  “Oh mother goddess of my birthing, how may we honor you?”
Serah pointed down the road.  “Be off quickly, for the witching hour is nearing its end.  Do as I have commanded you and many days of carefree living will become yours to enjoy.  Now go.”
Offering Serah a blessing, AbuMeshach and the others turned from the broadway and, following her sheep, went cross country until reaching another road far to the north of Bethlehem that led off into the wilderness.  After they had departed, Serah took from her robe a small obelisk, speaking into it in a strange language from ages long passed.  She confirmed with Juufet the treachery King Herod was secretly fostering should the astrologers betray him.
“There is little time to waste then,” Serah confessed.  “Do what you may there, but don’t take any risks.  Your servitude to that foul being is about to its end.  If he truly does what you have spoken to me, make sure his final days do not go well with him.  Chasileah waits for me in the city.  I will speak with you again when we have concluded here.”
Juufet promised he would take care of matters with Herod.  At that, the two ended their conversation.  Serah passed through the gate, hurrying up the narrow streets.  Out in the wilderness, far from the road leading up from Jerusalem, two of the high lord’s servants lay in a thick briar patch, tomorrow’s feasting for the foxes and buzzards.  There would be no secret reports given to Herod concerning the runaway astrologers nor would Romulus learn any more about this Serah person he had taken an interest in.

*    *    *

“My brother, I dare not disregard the dream!”  Joseph was adamant about departing with his wife and child.  “I was told in my dream that King Herod seeks the destruction of my son, fearing him a risk to his throne.  It must have been a dream from God, and I dare not take it any other way!”
Looking about at the growing commotion, Komem argued, “But must it be this very night?  Why not wait until the morning hour, at least until you have breakfasted.  And where are you intending on going, anyway?  Egypt?  It is a long and dangerous road.  Maybe to settlements further north out of these districts, but Egypt?  Why would God send you to Egypt?”
At that moment, there came a quiet rapping at the bolted door.  Answering it, Komem saw two women dressed in long, dark, hooded robes.  One of the women pulled her hood back.  “Komem, we must have a word with Joseph.”
Recognizing the woman to be Serah, Joseph had Komem usher them in quickly, the second woman continuing to hide her face in the shadows of her hood.  Serah took Joseph’s hand.  “My son, now is not the time for debate and contemplation!  Quickly, gather what things are necessary for your trip and with your wife and your little one, come with us so that you may safely escape certain calamity.”
Serah then turned to Komem, glancing over at his wife and her little one.  “You are a good man, deserving of many fine things, but the adversity that is nigh you cannot escape, should you remain here.  Because you have opened your door to the coming king and have acted graciously and generously in this manner, your son’s soul shall become a reward for you, should you listen and do all that I am telling you to do.”
Joseph took Komem’s arm.  “Do whatever this woman says.  She is an angel of men and speaks with the tongue of the gods!”
Dumbstruck, Komem could only nod his willingness to do so.
Serah directed, “Here is what you must do this night.  Take yourself and your wife and your children with you, leaving Levi and Hillel, you oldest boys remain to watch your home.  Young men they are, and safe they will remain if they stay in this lodging until the storm has passed.  As for you and the remainder of your family, go to Nazareth, Miryam’s city, to the house of Heli, Miryam’s father, and reside there until King Herod dies, for his eyes will ever search this land until he breathes no more.  If you do these things, then life you will give to your little one.”
With that, Serah placed several silver denarii into Komem’s hand.  “Spend this wisely and it will keep you safe and well.  Do not be a burden upon others when the means is with you to do otherwise.”  Serah then hurried Joseph and Miryam along, warning, “Take only these few things.  Leave the rest.”
In a little while, Serah and the other woman, along with Joseph and his family, were standing beyond the city gate that led off toward the south and west.  There the woman who was with Serah departed, saying she had other pressing matters to tend to.  Serah told Joseph that she would accompany his family down to Egypt.  With her were two donkeys loaded down with all the supplies needed for such a long journey, and three fat and healthy sheep, merrily munching on dry winter grasses.
Scanning the sky, Serah commented, “Few are the hours of darkness remaining to distance ourselves from here.  Safe it will not be until many are the miles we have put between ourselves and Herod.  The air is cool, but not crisp and the weather dry.  Good time we should be able to make as long as mother and child are up to it.”
Miryam, offering a perky smile, responded, “Mother and child will be just fine.  Indeed, I wish to walk for a bit, if my lord will permit it.”
Serah reached out, taking the sleeping baby.  “Then allow me, please, to carry the child for a while.  If he becomes hungry, I believe I might even have a little milk to offer him.”
The small party began their journey down the road toward Egypt.  Serah was determined to remain with Joseph and Miryam until their return to Judea.

When news reached Romulus’ ears that all his plans had been defeated and that Herod was dying, he cursed this woman Serah, whoever she might be.  Today she and her ilk had won, but there was tomorrow.  Every day that he studied the writings of the earlier high lords, he learned more about this people called ‘Haudenosaunez’, no longer afraid to speak the word aloud.  Should it take him a lifetime, he would decipher the writings of ZaphipheRa and Rapadies so that if he was unable to do something about these witches and warlocks, some future high lord might.

*    *    *


Section 37

Touching the Eyeball of God


Some years later…

The wars in the west receive nary a footnote in history’s march of the nations to their final destiny.  The fall of Atlantis and cosmic destruction of the lands of the people of the Elkhorn and Cave Bear focused attention away from the west and into the less developed eastern worlds.  For the next two millennia, sons born from herders of goats and hunters of ranging beasts rose to rule as kings over simple people delivered from scattered farms and fields to newly constructed cities where these new overlords could decide their fate.  From these peoples came the kingdoms of renown like Egypt, Babylon, Greece, and finally Rome. Being rather primitive and brutish, their learned poets were always reaching back to seek the refined worlds of the age of Atlantis, filled with knowledge and legend that they could only grasp through dreamy visions.
In the western world, the modern marvels of creation from men and gods did not die until long after Rome fell into ruin and a later age of barbarous ignorance came into being in the east.  As what came to be called ‘Christianity’ fought for its very existence in the east, it was embraced with opened arms in the northern lands of the west.  Different from the Pharisaic-like leaders who seized control over Christ’s church, or the demigod rulers who stole the power of that faith to enslave multitudes, the people of the west embellished the teachings of the Christ as only a free people could, worshiping with unbridled hearts under the open sky, arms spread wide to the One God above.
For fifteen hundred years, this wild freedom of belief survived among the peoples of the northern lands in the west, each man and woman deciding what was good or bad.  True, this freedom could be messy and at times violent in this western world, but it was a free land, nonetheless.
This way of life was sadly brought to its end when invaders from eastern lands rode high upon the seas into these western worlds.  True, by their cruelty, they brought to a finish the evil found in the southern western lands, thus delivering God’s wrath upon a wicked, demonic system, but it came at the cost of all freedom so that down until Shiloh stood upon the edge of the world, true freedom of heart, soul, and mind could no longer be found in the world of men.

*    *    *

Germanna stood in the council circle with the other headmen from the eastern Geneseeans clans and Merica Trading Guilds, listening carefully to arguments being offered to the witch queen, Hyhoset, by the headman GuierTonken, newly appointed chief over the Midland and Miners clans and the Western Trading Guilds.  Only recently had a brutal war against the Southlands come to a finish.  Now the decision was being argued as to how they, the victors, should establish a new peace and what price was to be exacted from their beaten foe.
Guier and his captains were not satisfied to quietly return to their homes in the north with only the treasures their ships could hold.  They believed more needed to be demanded from the Hormaxian enemy.  Guier extended a hand toward Germanna while looking at Hyhoset.  “Reverend Mother, we do not desire to have contentious speech between you and us, but look and see, even my brothers from the eastern clans have lost many brave and stalwart souls to this evil war, and we…my clans have suffered even worse!
“So many of our stout ships lie on the bottom of the Tecatucutan Sea, tombs to countless of our brave warriors…men and women both…that hard-pressed will we be to fulfill our contracts with our eastern Sumatran trading partners.  Not only empty wombs do we have, but few wombs there are remaining to fill, many of our women dying in battle.  No, the people for whom I speak cannot accept your recommendations for our departure from these conquered territories with only these treasures of metal and wood, treasures we can attain for ourselves in our own lands.  Wombs we need to fill our empty homes with children’s laughter and servants we must have to build our ships for us.  Also, we keep the territories and islands we have conquered, and take captives in those lands as our subjects to make up for our many losses.”
Hyhoset looked over toward Germanna, asking, “So tell me, is this how you also feel?”
Germanna politely bowed his head before replying.  He had been elected by the eastern chieftains to act as spokesman for them.  Extending his hands forward, palms up, he explained, “Mother of our mothers’ sons, the people of the eastern lands did not enter into this war for treasure or conquest, but because the goddess witches begged our assistance in ridding the evil threat from our shores.  We eastern tribes, for our part, do not wish for servants or wombs, or foreign estates with their grand wooded forests, for all these things we have.  Yes, our people have suffered greatly, but we do not wish to take the women of this world into our dwellings to create children for us.  Their ways are not our ways and their thoughts are not our thoughts.  So, for us, the treasures that can fit within the holds of our ships will suffice quite well.
“But hear me out, please, regarding our opinion concerning your recommendations about this land, our people, and this people.  The slaughtering of all the families of Horus, from the priests to their wives and sons and daughters, and even their servants and slaves…we have done all these things.  But to slaughtering all of the peoples who reside in this land?  Why, it is something my people just cannot do, and this is what must be done if my people are to possess this land for ourselves.  This land is foul-smelling, and we do believe that should all the people and domestic animals and wild animals and trees and forest and vegetation be smitten with fire and flood, the land itself is too putrid to rid itself of this loathsome odor!
“So, for us, we wish to have no part of this detestable world, not from the land of Ham to the north down to the Southern Isle, a world we have not yet crossed over into.  Still, our Mother Queen, we do understand the feelings of our western clansmen, and so we make these suggestions.  Islands to our north and east are beautiful to the eye, filled with bounteous riches, and the people there are a handsome race who has not yet sold itself over completely to the lords of Horus, blood sacrifices upon the high towers not yet practiced there.  We cleansed those lands of the stench of Horus, and yet few of his priestly followers have we found there.
“We of the eastern clans, for our part, request that you give to our brothers those islands as a reward for their hard labors, and that they abandon the world we now are standing in.  From those women they are to take wives for themselves, and those forests they can cut down for building their ships.  There, instead of making slaves, barter with the people so that wealth will go among them, and then trade with them will become abundant and prosperous.”
Guier was not at all pleased with Germanna’s reply to Hyhoset.  Already the man was dreaming about the vast kingdom he could have to rule over, a kingdom connecting two great isles.  Trading ships the people of the Southlands had few of and, for many generations of men, what little sea trade existed was done through the Phoenician Shipping Guilds, especially with the Western Trading Guilds since their creation. Guier’s path to power and glory was the captured territory his people now possessed, containing vast networks of paved roadways that extended far into the north and disappeared off into the Southern Isles.  How easy it would be to set up a kingdom that would control all the trade coming up and down those roads!
Greed had already taken root in Guier’s heart long before this hour, but now it manifested itself openly.  He waved a hand contemptuously, glaring angrily at Germanna.  “The things you are suggesting we have not made moot over!  Indeed, I smell deceit, even treachery, in what you are spewing to our Queen Mother!  Oh yes, for you to have the islands off to your south serving as a protection against an invasion from the south is all well and good, not to mention the many ports that your shipping guilds will have ready access to.  We hear the cunning tone in your voice.  Controlling new markets for your baleen, seal skins, salted fish, and other luxuries from the sea?  Oh yes, and no individual slaves, but to make entire tribes and nations your slaves…slave kings who do for you and tax for you so that the people come to hating them instead of you!”
He pointed north.  “All the while you rest in the comfort and security of your protected homes, the enemy has an ever-opened doorway into the homes of my people, this constant threat existing for us while my soldiers stand the islands protecting your homes in the north.  No…no, my brother!  If you wish that the western clans take also for their possession those islands to the east and north, then on our terms we are willing to consider it.”  He looked at Hyhoset.  “But this land that we now are placing our feet upon,” he stamped his foot several times, “unless you shall rain fire down upon us or bring the raging sea against us, we will not surrender it back to the enemy we have wrested it from!”
Hyhoset lowered her head in sadness.  “I will not bring fire or flood down upon you.  For good or bad, it is your choice to make.”  She lifted a hand, shaking a finger as her eyes bored into Guier’s.  “But remember this, as I have already warned my children since ages long passed, should the Cross of Hormax enter into the lands of my husband, and should your people erect altars to Tammuz or Marduk to sacrifice your sons and daughters upon those altars, then with fire and rage will the spirit of my husband, your father, come down upon your people!  All the way to an utter extermination of your people will this thing be done!”
Folding his arms across his chest in defiance, Guier answered obstinately, “It is as I have said!  This is our land now, and we shall do with it as we please!”
Hyhoset said nothing more to Guier, but now turned to Germanna.  “This land here your brothers in the west have chosen to possess, and this now becomes their spoil.  But to a dividing of the spoil, I declare it.  Take for yourselves the islands to the north and east, and do with them as you have spoken.  It is a fair people who live there.  Treat them with dignity and they will draw close to your people.  From them take wives, if you wish.  Build cites and dwell there in security…those of your kind who wish to live there.  Do beware of the Sons of Hormax for, in stealth they do reside in those worlds!  Continue to weed them out to keep those lands cleansed.  If you do these things, then my blessings go with you.”
At that, Hyhoset and her company turned away and departed.

*    *    *

BondaBoor and Hilga slowly worked their way through piles of human remains stretching along the roadway through the Teutoburg Forest for as far as the eye could see.  Not since the Battle of Lavount Hill could BondaBoor recall such carnage.  “Those damn Germans haven’t changed one bit!” he sputtered, thinking of their storming of Saranda and the western works against the Atlanteans.  “Better to give them a meat chopper!  It’d be less messy…”
Hilga somberly agreed.  “Don’t pick a fight with a madman and expect to keep your head or skin, or any other part of yourself intact!”
How true Hilga’s statement was.  Of the remaining Germanic soldiers still on the field of battle, most were busy chopping up the bodies of their fallen enemy, or skewering the dead and wounded on low, sharpened limbs of the forest trees.  No prisoners were taken, nor pity shown for any wounded found.  These Germans were, in their own way, celebrating victory over an oppressive foe, returning to them again freedom to live and die as they chose, something these people so deeply craved.  But for Hilga and BondaBoor, as well as others of the Haudenosaunez, something far more important had taken place.  Indeed, it was through the influence of these necromancers that the battle of the Teutoburg Forest took place.
Rome had been pressing too hard and too fast in its mad rush to control the world of men.  Imperialistic rule with no individual freedom just would not do.  Liberty, in all the wild passion of tribal brutality, could not yet come to a finish in these eastern worlds.  From Rome to China, to all the surrounding isles, kings and despots had stolen life and freedom from their fellow brothers and sisters. No better could this be demonstrated than in Africa.
 Some point to Africa as the ‘forgotten isle’, citing that most of its history has been neglected when writers tell tales of these ages of man.  It is true that Africa has had a rich and colorful history, and this history has often been recorded by authors when painting mosaics of peoples and nations of the ancient world.  But Africa’s influence over times and seasons concerning the march of world powers and the rebirth of Atlantis plays a rather minor role.  There are reasons for this.
Up through time, the isles of Africa were divided geographically north and south…north of the high falls and south of the lake behind those falls.  To the north, there were nations like Egypt and Ethiopia.  These nations played their pivotal parts in the birthing of the seven great empires of Atlantean history.  To the south, there existed a land rich in resources, varieties of animals, and a happy, prosperous people.
Eventually, a great kingdom grew out of the countless tribes and peoples residing there, the kingdom growing to its zenith in the days when the Medo-Persian Empire also reigned supreme.  This kingdom, called ‘Zepiedopeedoo’, meaning ‘this rich land’ in the common tongue of the day, was gathered together in its greatness under the rulership of King ZutzieKuken, son of KontinKuken and Swalhawena.  Alongside his sister-wife, daughter of KontinKuken through a union with a native woman, ZutzieKuken brought about a southern kingdom that remained unaffected by the world’s tribulations down beyond his passing, his sons and daughters to the third generation holding the kingdom together into the age of Roman expansion.  ZutzieKuken lived an astonishing two hundred seventy-eight years, his son, ZertubalbieaKuken nearly one hundred eighty, the man ruling Zepiedopeedoo for one hundred years after the death of his father.
By the time BondaBoor and Hilga were walking the Teutoburg battlefield, Zepiedopeedoo had long since dissolved into countless, smaller tribal nations.  Part of the reason for this was the massive influx of refugees from northern Africa with the intrusion of Rome into those isles.  A nation cannot maintain its cohesiveness when its culture and political dynamics are too quickly overcome.  This, combined with growing corruption and greed for power among the kingdom’s elite, eventually brought Zepiedopeedoo to ruination.  Civil wars raged for hundreds of years as a result, no person or tribe powerful enough to gather the glory of the former kingdom to it.
Little enough of those raw freedoms once enjoyed remained any longer, primarily being found in Britain, in Germanic lands and among the scattered tribes in the frozen Northlands.  The Haudenosaunez could not permit this freedom to disappear until it had been melded into a nationalistic spirit with imperialistic toughness.  This combination of wild will and determined strength would serve the future Atlantis well.
So it was that by the time of the Moorish invasion, the people of the former kingdom of Zepiedopeedoo were not able to resist their brutish enslavement under this conqueror.  From this time forward, the isles of Africa were enslaved to outside kingdoms and empires until New Atlantis finally succeeded in breaking the backs of the Hormaxian overlords at the end of the final age.  First were Africa’s people called to freedom, and then, when in fire and rage the works of Lucifer were burned to nothing, the land itself was rescued from oppression.

After walking several miles over battle-scarred terrain, BondaBoor and Hilga came upon the person they were searching for.  Seeing the two, the man excused himself and hurried over to them.  Bowing in greeting, the man extended a hand.  “My Lord and Lady Bruxelles, it is so good to see that you both have survived the battle unscathed.  I hope that you are pleased with the outcome of this greatest of victories.”
Hilga shot a glance at BondaBoor who stood there, silent.  Hilga was an uncommonly patient person, willing to put up with more than what most others would but, when it came to some things, she could be quite adamant as to the reality of matters. “My dear Arminius, leave the customs of Rome where you leave its slain.  Lord Bruxelles may share my bed when the mood is upon me, but so have many other men.  I am Lady Tomassie, ‘Tomassie’ being the surname of the man who delivered me into womanhood many ages ago.  Older than you may comprehend I am, as is my companion here.  A son I have who is far older than your father’s father.  Believe me if you wish or not, but Lord Bruxelles and I are children of Atlantis, having seen that kingdom rise to its final glory and sink to its eternal demise.”  She extended a hand toward a very surprised Arminius, smiling.  “Heidi… Please call me ‘Heidi’, your sister.  And yes, thank you, I am doing quite well, considering the ferocious contest that has occurred here today.”
Both Hilga and BondaBoor were suited up in battle gear and armor, but they had not bloodied their swords in the recent battle, feeling it was not their place to bring innocent men to ruin.  Innocent?  True, the Roman legions had been the enemy, but not the individual soldiers, they being little more than living pawns moved about a game board by lords and gods.  Why, BondaBoor had nearly been bowled over by one terrified Roman soldier attempting to make escape, he merely watching the man disappear, fleeing into the wooded undergrowth.
BondaBoor reached out, taking Arminius’ arm.  “My friend, the battle is over and we must leave you now on other pressing business.  Remain vigilant, for your former oppressor is still very powerful and will seek revenge, if opportunity permits.  Your freedom you have gained this day.  Now you must fight to keep it.”
Arminius frowned, asking, “Must you leave so soon?  Stay at least for the victory celebration we will have under the darkness of the moon this night.  After all, without your uncanny knowledge, would we have been able to defeat this enemy host?  I do not know, but credit I should give to you for it so that all the people will know who saved them on this day.”
Hilga grinned, “Arminius, the people look up to you as their savior, believing that you have saved them this day.  Allow them to believe that.  They need a leader they can see and touch, if they are to remain firm in resisting their enemies.  We, for our part, must be off, the Fates calling us ever on to other adventures.”  She leaned forward, kissing Arminius on the cheek.  “You are a beautiful man, strong and handsome in so many ways.  Remain strong for this people so that your newly gained freedom will remain secure.”
Looking into Hilga’s eyes, Arminius exclaimed, nearly breathless, “And you are a most beautiful woman!  Surely, a goddess you must be.”
Hilga laughed, “Old I am, yes, but not a goddess…a woman, mother to sons and daughters as is your mother, only I have been doing those things a little longer.  But thank you for such a kind compliment.”
At that, Hilga and BondaBoor turned and sank into the shadows of the woods.  First they would take a short rest in Eden and then be off on another clandestine assignment.

*    *    *

Tiberius Caesar stood, watching gray clouds sweep across the hills beyond his estate on Capri, his fingers playing with two pure gold disks recently given him.  Staring out at the cold drizzle, he addressed his visitor.  “So Governor Kellogg, I do find your offer very interesting.  Still, it is quite a risk that I am taking with this enterprise.”  He turned away from the window, looking at his guest.  “You say that your king wishes only for engineers to design and construct aqueducts, bridges and quality roads, and for this he offers us treasures of gold, silver and teak?”
Governor Kellogg slowly tipped his head.  “Yes, Your Graciousness, as I have said, our kingdom lies between two great isles, far to the west of Rome.  Trade between these isles over-burdens the roads that currently exist, calling for new and better roads, so that the increase of goods from one isle to the other may move quickly and efficiently.  Also, many are the cities that are growing up along these routes.  For their successful growth to continue, water must be delivered from distant rivers and lakes.  Your people are renowned for their engineering talents, and it is these talents my lord, King GuierTonken, is willing to trade you for treasures of gold, silver and teak.”  Governor Kellogg raised an eyebrow, half closing an eye.  “There is also the possibility of a lucrative copper trade between us, if things go well with this little arrangement.”
Tiberius asked suspiciously, “If this king of yours truly can offer me all these things, including a renewed copper trade that existed before the days of Carthage’s demise, why have you arrived here clandestinely?  Should your King GuierTonken not have his dignitaries arrive here in all the pomp and ceremony they can muster, so that I am impressed with your kingdom’s greatness?”
Governor Kellogg slowly shook his head.  “If you do not wish to do business with a kingdom under suspicion, fearing forces both in the Northlands and Southlands that do not wish to have Rome’s influence delivered upon their shores, then I shall take my leave.  The Chinese have great engineers as well, though inferior to yours they are.  With them we do have trade agreements, and little will it take to get needed help from them, Your Graciousness.”
Tiberius waved his hand, frowning.  “I did not say ‘no’ to your offer.  I was only seeking some reassurance that what I am being told is truthful.  And I am concerned about all this secrecy of yours.”
Governor Kellogg lowered his voice as if the walls might have ears.  “You do not know at all who rules over the worlds of men!  Witches with great powers, able to call down fire from heaven, giant ships of iron that swim beneath the water’s surfaces, sandy powder that can tear holes through the thickest of fortress walls, winged machines that fly like birds across the heavens, dropping missiles of destruction down upon hapless victims, and even more there is.  All that I tell you I have seen with my own eyes in the recent war my people fought against the people of the Southlands.”
Tiberius did not want to put faith in what the man was saying.
Governor Kellogg refused not to be believed.  “Even your leaders have heard whispers of the witch called the ‘Black Angel’, how she haunts the fields of the slain, gathering up the souls of vanquished warriors to deliver them across the wide river.  Well, I tell you, Your Graciousness, this Black Angel does live, I having seen and spoken with her, myself.  All the tales you have heard of her are true and more so.  It is she and her daughter, the demon chaser, Hyhoset, that my people fear, should it be discovered we have come to you to arrange such a deal.”
“And should I fear her also?”  Tiberius asked, concerned.
Governor Kellogg tipped his head down, looking up at Tiberius, grinning.  “A warrior is always a warrior.  When danger is smelled upon the air, the warrior only becomes more excited for the battle.  Is this arrangement dangerous for you?  Possibly…  Does the warrior in you still smell the scent of danger in the air?  Tell me, does he wish for hearth and home, or for shield and sword?”
Staring at Governor Kellogg in contemplation, Tiberius suddenly broke out laughing.  “‘Strong drink, women and war are treasures worth more than the greatest estates!’ ‘tis the warrior’s chant.  Let us all call out to the Kriggerman that he gathers us up in our battle dress and not upon satin sheets, in our comfortable beds.”  He laughed again.
Grasping Kellogg’s hand in friendly gesture, Tiberius said he desired to have the night to ponder the invitation.  “I would like until tomorrow to consider matters.  A lot you have given me to think about, and I do wish to make a wise and practical decision.  If what you say about your opponents is true, then I believe a little prudence on my part is wisdom.  But tomorrow, I assure you, you will be given my answer.”  He smiled in a way that revealed to Governor Kellogg his mind was already made, but which way Caesar had decided, Kellogg could not tell.
“Tomorrow it will be, then.”  Governor Kellogg tipped his head in a polite bow and departed.  As Tiberius watched Kellogg walk to a small carriage in the street below, he quietly called to one of his servants. 

By evening, three men had arrived at Tiberius’ Capri estate, holding conference in one of the estate’s private chambers.  The emperor of Rome indulged his guests with a detailed account regarding his earlier visitor and what he had been told about this mysterious western kingdom.
The first of the three men listening intently was Gaius Suetonius Paulinus, a political officer in the Legions who had a penchant for adventure, proving his prowess and loyalty in protecting the emperor as a centurion over the local Praetorian Guard.  Gaius had been requested here because of the trust Tiberius had in him.  Trust was what Tiberius needed, at least for the moment.  If what Kellogg revealed concerning the Black Angel was true, Tiberius did not want to risk such a clandestine mission to leaks.  Gaius would not only remain quiet, but would also understand the need to keep quiet.
The second man was Decanter, an old philosopher and teacher, overseer in charge of the Library of Records and Antiquities on Capri.  It was hoped that Decanter might be able to provide some additional information on this western kingdom and its surrounding nations.  Decanter was aged, Tiberius doubting he could manage the long, arduous trip to this western kingdom.  That being the case, Decanter had been invited to bring along with him a certain Claudesius, a former student and city councilor in Herculaneum, and now a city magistrate on the island of Capri.
When Tiberius concluded with revelations he was willing to offer, he asked Decanter for any further information he might have regarding these mysterious western worlds that were becoming rapidly forgotten in the east.  Decanter was secretly a Hormaxian priest, as were most keepers of the scrolls and libraries throughout history.  Being a White Warlock, Keeper of the Runes, from the Second House of the Hormaxian hierarchy, his role played in the Houses’ structure was secret even to the priests of the First House, the Gray Hearts, who were the Keepers of Divine Knowledge…the religious faction of the Hormaxian Order.  Decanter knew a great deal about the western lands and the witch queen leaders, Noah and Hyhoset, but with Tiberius, he was prudent, providing only what information he believed beneficial to the Order.
“My Lord, great Caesar over this glorious nation, had your servant known of this sooner, he would have examined the ancient scrolls for additional information, but I will tell my lord what information I may know regarding such matters, and the witch of whom you speak, I shall tell, if that shall please him.”
Tiberius waved a hand, saying whatever the old man did have to offer would be fine.  The emperor was already hatching a plan that might lead to one of Rome’s greatest expansions to date.  He was not seeking knowledge of historical value, but more concerning the current state of affairs in western lands.  If Kellogg spoke truthfully about a recent war, then those people might be weak and ripe for invasion.
“Very well…” Decanter smiled as he looked toward the floor in thought.  “For long ages, there have been rumors that the Phoenicians mined the riches of isles in the west for copper, silver, and other precious metals that used to be delivered to these shores until Carthage fell to Rome’s might.  It was believed by many that the giant, sailing warships confronting Julius Caesar in his sea battles off the Brittany coast were, or partly were, ships from the land of Meric, a nation in the west.  It is also known that fishermen all along the northern coasts of Europe sail far to the west to great fisheries, and for seals, baleen and oil.  Tales reported by these fishermen speak of a handsome people who reside in the west, tall and majestic, wearing no clothing except for protection against harsh weather.  It is said by these fishermen that there is an ever-eye that watches them as they tend their nets and lines.  Rumor has it that the sons of the Phoenicians have trained the great sea monsters to guard their shores from unwanted intruders, that only trade ships of their own people, flying their colors, are permitted safe passage through the treacherous waters out beyond the Pillars of Hercules.”
Decanter raised a hand.  “Now that is for spoken rumor.  There is also a written report from an Iberian sea captain who earlier served in the Roman guard, a certain Tartanian Guippen, who wrote an official account in his personal diary from one of his last sailing adventures.  Sadly, the official account is all that we have remaining, for the man passed away in his old age some four years ago, and all his personal effects went missing, disposed of indiscriminately, I suppose, the man dying alone and in poverty.
“In his account, the man claims to have been a son of a Phoenician trader and an Iberian woman, the man spending his childhood riding upon the ocean’s waves with his father and mother as they plied the trade routes between strange western lands and the Isles of Britain.  Later, for the joy of added adventure, Tartanian joined the Roman navy until retiring after his twenty years, there to rejoin his widowed father in the British trade.  It was during this time of his life that the man’s account becomes interesting, at least for us here today.
“Tartanian speaks about a great war that consumed the entire western world, the Northlands rising up against peaceful people in the Southlands.  From the reckoning of the man’s account, it can be assumed that this war might well correspond with the one Governor Kellogg mentions, the time period being about thirty years or so ago.  The man goes on to write that the war consumed countless souls, especially those from the north, Tartanian saying that over one thousand northern ships sank beneath the waters of a body of water named ‘Lake Tecatucutan’ in one major sea battle alone.
“The account goes on to say that after several years of fruitless war, an armistice was arranged, the peaceful Southland people creating…well, allowed to be created a buffer state, separating the aggressive northern people from the peace-loving southern peoples.  The middle land came to be called ‘TuWaTayao’ in the common tongue of the western traders, and the same name Kellogg gave to his kingdom.  It goes on to say that a chieftain among the mining people of the Tonkin Clan took up rulership in that land.  Tartanian goes on to write that the southern people surrendered up this land to the northern tribes because they tired of the great amount of blood being shed, the territories of the north draining themselves of people, seeing that both the men and women of their kind took up the sword and shield against their enemies.”
Tiberius excitedly asked, “Do you place much stock in what this Tartanian Guippen wrote?”
Decanter scratched his chin.  “Well, at first I considered it to be little more than the fanciful reminiscing of an old fellow with too much time on his hands.  But I was severely chastised by the man discovering it, Seius Gillsing, brother to the aged senator, Flavius Gillsing, who served as a chief scribe in the library at Alexandria until his untimely death in a storm at sea just over a year ago.  The man had been in Spain, gathering up artifacts for the library when he passed by this way on his returning to Egypt, spending two weeks here, waiting passage on a proper ship.  I had so mourned his loss that I forgot about Tartanian’s account of the western war until this very hour.”  Decanter sadly shook his head.  “All those wonderful artifacts, including Tartanian’s account, were lost at sea when the ship Seius was on sank beneath the waves.”
‘Spin fiction to truth.’  These were the words of Decanter’s wizard instructor, Carus Licinius, keeper over the royal library in Rome before the days of Augustus Caesar.  ‘Be truthful with names and times and places.  The remainder you may play your fancy with.  I say to you, you will be believed and, if you are questioned because of some inaccuracy, you can fall back on forgetfulness or confusion.  It will be good enough.’
Decanter had spun quite a tale of fiction mixed with truth.  There had been no Tartanian Guippen or accounts of distant warring in faraway worlds.  True, Seius Gillsing was brother to Senator Flavius Gillsing, and the man had been to Spain, collecting artifacts for Alexandria.  It was also true that the man had paid a visit to Decanter just before sailing to his death in a storm at sea.  So much for the truth part...  Decanter understood the possible scheming going on in Tiberius’ mind and wished to encourage the man onward.  He knew that it would be nearly impossible to enter western lands without help from the trade guilds.  Kellogg was offering opportunity for Rome to scope out the land and then provide passage to a Roman invasion force.
So much did the Hormaxian powers wish for the destruction of the northern kingdoms in the west, but nothing could they do from a military standpoint to cause this other than to deliver Rome to those shores.  The potential benefit to the Hormaxians from such a thing was worth the risk of doing it, especially when it would be done by the northern kingdoms, themselves.  What an opportunity!  Even if the ire of the witch queens was raised, they would have no excuse to go after the Houses of Hormax over the matter, their hands clean of any intrigues.  Oh yes, some heads might roll, even a few in Rome, but since it could only be counted as works of men, even Rome the nation would remain unscathed regarding the matter.  This was truly a win/win for the sons of Horus.
“So the Western Trade Guilds still exist as Governor Kellogg led me to believe?” Tiberius asked hopefully.
Decanter replied, “The overland merchants who have taken the camel routes to China and far eastern lands have said that ships like those from the Great Sea, except larger and even stouter, can be seen in the harbors of those far eastern cities.  They say that even coins with strange markings on them are to be found there, along with seal skins, baleen, and other goods found in northern waters.  Then there are the copper traders, the gold and silver traders, and even traders in teak and cedar woods that used to be traded in Carthage.  And…” he waved a finger high, “it is said that the speech of those men is a dialect like that once spoken by the Phoenicians.”
“And what of the witch queens?”  Tiberius asked, concerned.  “Is there a real need to fear such necromancers, if that is what they are?”
Decanter raised an eyebrow.  This was not a subject he wished to discuss.  If he spoke the full truth, Tiberius might consider things too dangerous and back away from Kellogg’s request.  Still, the old man could not pretend ignorance or act too carefree concerning the matter.  “My Lord, I have heard tales of these necromancers of darkness, but in the western lands?  Rumors abound of such creatures existing throughout the worlds of men.  If this is really true, then I suggest that one act with shrewdness wherever he might be and, if confronted by such beasts, sue for peace as a way of escape.”
Tiberius paced awhile in deep thought, finally speaking.  “Then I will accept Governor Kellogg’s invitation for us to assist in road, bridge, and aqueduct construction.  I would like the three of you to join me tonight after dinner to discuss our plans with Governor Kellogg and his people.”  He then addressed the part the men with him were to play.  “My loyal servant Decanter, you have a great deal of wisdom and are shrewd to the limit.  I do wish for you to pump this man, Kellogg, for all the information you can.  Get him to reveal whatever secrets he might be keeping.”
Claudesius was then addressed.  “From your former mentor, learn all that you can about the people and history of the western lands, especially the Western Trading Guilds.  It has already been brought to my attention by Governor Kellogg that our people must travel aboard the ships of those guilds if they are to arrive safely to the shores of this TuWaTayao kingdom.  He has also made it clear that no Western Trading Guild ship may pass into the Great Sea and not become suspect among their own kind.  So it is that when business is finished here, I am sending you and Praetorian Centurion Suetonius on to Mauretania, to make preparation for this upcoming campaign.
“You, Claudesius, will serve directly under the praetorian command of Suetonius, second only to him regarding these matters while in Mauretania.  Suetonius will be in charge over the military and you in charge over all civil activities, that is, with Suetonius’ guidance, of course.”
Tiberius glanced out the window at the darkening sky.  “Evening is coming.  I speak not of evening out there,” he pointed out the window, “but evening for our world.  Unless we can obtain new lands to plunder or trade lucratively with, we shall fade away as a nation.  The lifestyle of our people is too extravagant to be sustainable, the government too top heavy and corrupt.  Still, I believe it will be easier to invade the moon than to change the habits of this people.
“So it is that we must find treasures in gold, silver, copper, and slaves…yes, many slaves…to satisfy the cravings of an insatiable monster that ever eats up this world, until nothing at all good still remains.  To the west lies a land filled with riches, a land we must plunder and rape if we wish to feed this hungry beast.  We, I…you and me…shall attempt to find a way to gain those riches for Rome, so that it may eat to satisfaction for another day.”  At that, Tiberius dismissed the three, asking them to return that evening after the dinner hour.

*    *    *

Miryam sat on a stool, fondling the fingers of Jude’s little baby girl.  She looked up at her two visitors.  “It was such a surprise to find out that my son’s wife had become pregnant so quickly after they were married.  Now I am told that Miryam (sister to Lazarus) is pregnant again, and less than a year since the birthing of this child.  May she have many wonderful children as I have had over my lifetime.”
Serah reached out, softly stroking the child’s arm, the woman sitting beside her remaining quiet.  “The child is so beautiful!  So much like her mother she is, but also very much like her father, too.”  She then asked how Miryam was doing.
“Oh,” Miryam grinned, “I’m doing quite well.  You know, John has been so attentive to me since…you know, since those dark days a while ago.”  She laughed, “So seriously he has taken his promised responsibilities concerning my welfare, the man offered to wed me, seeing I’m several years into my widowhood.  I did appreciate the fellow’s intentions, and the thought of having a strong, young man to wrap me in his arms did appeal to me, but…”  She looked into Serah’s face, her eyes twinkling as she spoke in little over a hush, “I just don’t know if he could handle my needs.  You know, the boy’s inexperienced like Joseph was.  I’m just not up to training such a young fellow.  Once is enough.”  She laughed again.
Serah joined in the laughter.  “Leave the young buck to the fawning doe.  That way neither one is the wiser…won’t know what they’re missing.”
After making other small talk, Serah began to introduce the woman accompanying her to Miryam.  Looking up from her grandchild, Miryam interrupted.  “I do know the companion with you, or at least who the person is.”
The two visitors silently stared at Miryam, their faces filled with curiosity.  She answered their unasked questions.  “Visions and dreams I do still have at times.  In my dreams, I saw this woman coming to me and then words echoed in my mind, ‘See your child.’  So I rose from my bed and made preparation to meet the spirit-child who was once my son in the flesh.  Did my son not pray in the garden to be returned to his home as he had been before he departed?  So this is who my son was before his birthing.”
The woman sitting beside Serah broke down in tears.  “Yes, it is me, Michael…‘Mihai’ as I am known to my close companions.”
Mihai and Miryam embraced, both women crying joyous tears over being reunited again.  After this happy celebration subsided, Serah went on to describe events that transpired in Eden, how that she had witnessed Mihai’s conception and again, many years later, her returning to life through the machines in that same temple.  Although she also knew that Miryam’s little grandchild was fathered by Mihai when she lived in male form, the woman remained silent about that matter.
As the day passed on into evening, Serah and Mihai prepared to depart, Mihai and Miryam both knowing they would not meet again until into the far distant future.  Miryam kissed Mihai on the cheek.  “You must go your way and I mine, until I, too, will one day pass over into your world. That I have also seen in my dreamy visions.  But that is many long days from now.”
Mihai kissed Miryam in return.  “I promise that when that day arrives, I will be there to welcome you into my world.  Then together we shall dream in fields of wild flowers.”
Miryam nodded in thought, frowning.  “True, we shall be together for a little while, but my dreams say not to romp through the fields of wild flowers together.  In the days of my arrival, there shall be blood on the moon.  No peace will find your world from that time onward until the King of Kings stands upon the throne once reserved for the jackal.”
Mihai was taken aback.  Looking into Miryam’s eyes, she could see that wisdom divine had been given her.  She stuttered, “Y…y…yes, if that is the way it must be.  I will still be waiting for you.”
At that, the women departed, Mihai to take up the sword as the new field marshal over the armies of the Children’s Empire, Serah to other parts of the world, her work in the eastern lands now come to a finish, and Miryam to live out her life on Earth, waiting the day when she would be raised up to be with her child into the Upper Realms.  For all three women, their visions of future dreams would be traveled upon roads unimagined and profound.  By the time these women clasped hands in heartfelt reunion, the moon would have been covered in blood, it flooding the lands of Heaven, men and Hell.  Gone would be their innocence, their blades being the very cause of such death and destruction.
But, for now, there remained the innocence of parting from caring companions, the sweet, melancholy feeling filling the hearts of these three souls, each one remembering this moment in her treasured memories.  Far above, secreted away in a palace garden, the Maker of Worlds watched this celebration of parting, tears filling her eyes.  So much she wished that peace would rule from this day forward, but she realized that Rhiannon had not yet waked, and when she finally did, the universe must bleed.

*   *   *

Suetonius stood on a hill overlooking the city harbor.  For a year, he had been working with Governor Kellogg and his teams of engineers, designing bridges, aqueducts, and canals, while laying out new roadways through rugged hills and mountains to shorten the travel time of the ever-growing trade between the northern and southern isles.  With an army of a little over six hundred designers, surveyors, and skilled craftsmen in metal and stone, Rome was rapidly changing the very appearance of this western land called ‘TuWaTayao’.  Now he looked out to sea at the incoming fleet of trading ships delivering nearly three thousand of Rome’s highly trained storm troopers disguised as skilled laborers for the building projects, to begin stage two of Caesar’s plans for the conquest of these western worlds.
For two years, Tiberius’ engineers and surveyors had been carefully mapping out TuWaTayao, studying not only its topography, resources, culture, and people, but also its military strengths and weaknesses.  King GuierTonken was an old man, having become weak and feeble-minded.  His two oldest sons, Charmar and Suskannen, were both vying to ascend to the throne after their father passed.  Not to be ruled out of prospective overlords was Guier’s oldest child, a daughter named ‘NasTustoTah’, who had a son nearly as old as the younger Suskannen.  The nation was ripe for an upcoming civil war.  If Rome played its cards right, it could easily fall into one of the three camps, bringing needed aid to help end an internecine war and return peace to the kingdom.
Suetonius had already made arrangements for his incoming laborers to set up compounds along the Great Magnum Road that ran south to the city of Compatuu just across the border of the Southern Isle and north to TampuiSituutuu, TuWaTayao’s northernmost city, close to its northern border.  The Great Magnum Road was already a well-constructed thoroughfare, with strong bridges and wide, paved roadways.  There were also many cities conveniently located along its entire length.  Roman compounds were to be constructed near several of these cities, those compounds large enough to accommodate a much greater number of people than only the newly arriving laborers.
It had also been learned that King Guier did not possess a large, highly trained army, preferring to retain a local militia made up of poorly equipped and ill-trained common folk when military might was needed.  For his professional army, most of it was located in the south, along the border of the Southern Isle.  And the Western Sea Traders?  Their loyalties were not bound to TuWaTayao being, for the most part, children born in northern lands, up the rivers beyond the Tecatucutan Sea.  For them, TuWaTayao was a convenient trading partner made up of kinfolk sharing a common tongue and culture.  True, it was highly doubtful they could be raised to war against their TuWaTayao kinfolk, but it was also doubtful they would support them if one arose, especially if they saw an advantage in staying out of it.
Although still carrying the title of ‘praetor’, for all intents and purposes, Suetonius was the general in charge of this operation.  While it was true that he only had under his command at the moment about six hundred men, with another three thousand on the incoming ships, there awaited the entire III Augusta Legion in Mauretania being prepared by Claudesius, under the watchful guidance of Praefect Velleius Paterculus the Younger.  Within a year, he hoped to have the III Augusta stationed in the many Roman compounds scattered along the Great Magnum Road.
Velleius was little older than Claudesius, the matter spawning a great deal of jealousy between them, both men being power-hungry.  It also did not help matters that there was a rumor being bantered about that Velleius received his position from Tiberius Caesar to ease the emperor’s conscience over the wanton execution of the man’s father, Velleius Paterculus the Elder.  Whatever might be the case at the moment, Claudesius would eventually find a way to eliminate this threat to his ascension to power.  In time, he took Velleius’ widowed, blonde-haired, blue-eyed, teenage wife, Gloria, for his own after a little, sordid affair with the fourteen year old, ending in the untimely death of his own wife, the much older Pomponia.  For now, Claudesius dutifully followed Velleius’ directions in preparing the III Augusta for its upcoming move to TuWaTayao while playing upon Gloria’s charms when her husband’s business took him away from the royal estates.
*    *    *

Hyhoset puzzled over the apparent lack of knowledge or concern on the part of the Hormaxian leadership regarding Roman activities in TuWaTayao.  Repeatedly, the priests of Hormax and the Servants of Zeussah claimed to have little information concerning the matter, off-handedly suggesting it to be nothing more than what it appeared on its face to be.  They brushed it off as one nation providing helpful assistance to another, something the Hormaxian priests accused people sitting across from them at this Council of HETH of not providing for their own.
It was true that the Haudenosaunez did not interfere directly in the northern kingdoms of Meric, allowing those people the freedom to find their own paths into Future’s light.  Unlike the southern kingdoms that were rigidly controlled by the sons of Horus, the Children of the Fire did not attempt to overlord their northern people.
This did not mean there were no limits placed on the people.  There was no room to be found for the gods or religion of Hormax in those lands.  Still, to find Roman soldiers on the shores of TuWaTayao was troubling, to say the least, especially when it was so well understood by both parties that no Roman ship was to sail west, beyond the Pillars of Hercules.
One of the Servants of Zeussah had calmly replied to one of Noah’s questions concerning the matter, “We mind our own business, focusing on the south.  There we concentrate our energies, just as we have always agreed to do.  What goes on in the north is not our business.  Your king, GuierTonken, does not sacrifice to Horus nor does he permit our priests entrance into his kingdom.  We stay out of his business as long as he stays out of ours.  If you have issues with the Romans, it is not of our concern or our making.  As you have said, no Roman ship has delivered its people to your shores for, had it attempted passage into the western seas, your own people would have delivered it to Neptune’s depths.  So, if they truly are arriving there, it must be by some other means, something we are having no part in.”
An argument ensued, with both sides accusing the others of clandestine activities, espionage, and other low and rueful acts.  It was obvious to the Haudenosaunez that the Hormaxians were making a move to expand their empire into a global, one world government, even at the cost of losing their kingdoms in the Southern Isles.  All the while, the Hormaxians and their overlords continued to plead innocence.  This back and forth went on for some time, occasionally becoming quite heated with members on both sides.  One person who remained silent soon tired of the ongoing tirade and sat back to observe the goings on.
As he quietly listened to the often animated discussion, Romulus Triberious carefully studied the people on the opposing side of the table.  For many years, over dozens of Councils of HETH, he had come to recognize the styles of body language of their robed adversaries.  This day he puzzled over one person in particular…a woman, to be sure.  Something about her movements was so familiar to him, little quirky ones that were unique enough to be remembered.  The way this woman moved her head when she spoke and the way she flexed the fingers on her left hand as though they were searching for a tool or weapon, were so familiar to him.  Where had he witnessed it before?
Suddenly, an answer came to him, the very thought of it sending an excited chill down the man’s back.  Long years before, when Augustus Caesar ruled as emperor, Romulus was introduced to a woman said to be a widowed sister of an architect going by the name of ‘Lord Beaufort’.  Augustus favored Lord Beaufort, but he also showered this woman with his attention.  Though he paid little heed to it at the time, Romulus believed that Beaufort’s sister and Augustus became more than just acquaintances.  What was that woman’s name?  Oh yes, ‘Lady Drakous’!  And there was more, something the aged Hormaxian priest had given scant thought to until this moment.
From time to time, over the years since Augustus’ death, Romulus had seen a woman who looked strangely familiar, but he could not place her.  In fact, the only reason he recalled these later and even more recent encounters was the striking beauty of the woman, reminding him of Lady Drakous, he always brushing those feelings off.  After all, Lady Drakous would be a woman of advanced years by now, that is…that is unless Lady Drakous was also a witch like Hyhoset and her mother, Noah!
His eyes popping wide-open, Romulus leaned forward to make a careful examination of this hooded person he had been watching.  Every move, slight action, every inflection, every breath the man pondered in an attempt to remember so that he could later write all this down in his memoirs for future high priests of this Order to study.  Romulus also determined that when he returned to Rome, he would search the archives for any possible information regarding this Lady Drakous and also her supposed brother, Lord Beaufort.
The subject soon changed to another topic, Romulus giving it his full attention.  The Servants expressed their desire to return to Mount Olympus or possibly Mount Vesuvius to hold future Councils of HETH, uncomfortable with the current location on Mona.  Finally, after a great deal of heated deliberation, it was decided that a new moot hall would be built on the southernmost isle of the planet where there was no risk of prying eyes, the weather being far too harsh for any humans to reside there.
For nearly the next two millennia, this desolate isle at the southern end of the world that had been home to multitudes before their destruction in fire and ice when the Earth’s crust suddenly shifted in the days of Atlantis became the location for the Councils of HETH.  After a second great world war, they were moved to an international establishment on an island in the former land of Meric.  There, deep under the buildings of the United Nations, in hewn out caverns, the Servants of Zeussah and the Haudenosaunez would gather for the remaining Councils of HETH.

After returning to his chalet, high up on the volcanic mountain of Vesuvius, Romulus sat down to finish his compilation of the written works  the earlier High Warlocks, including his additions as well as copious notes and addendums that also contained the cipher needed to translate the most secret of Rapadies’ hidden texts.  Romulus made two copies of his written works, the first and less extensive he placed in the chest to be passed on to future high warlocks.  The second, far more detailed one, he kept for his personal use, his reasons for not including the added information in the chest documents never fully understood.  It is possible that he intended to rewrite his personal copy into a more legible account to be delivered to the chest on Vesuvius at some later time, for notes scribbled on parchments allude to such a possibility.  Whatever the case, Romulus died in his sleep in his small villa overlooking the city of Rome before ever returning to the chalet high up the mountain. 
After the high warlock had failed to make a showing at his appointed time, the Keepers of Divine Treasures opened the chest to discover who the former high warlock had been and to see who was chosen to become the next in line.  They then went about gathering up whatever treasures they might of the deceased high warlock, including Romulus’ prolific collection of writings, the man having an extensive library.  
Since it was against sacred law for anyone other than the incoming high warlock to read any writings of former high warlocks, the Keepers of Divine Treasures merely took whatever writings there were to be found, cataloged them, and then squirreled them away in secret libraries that became the personal possession of the current high warlock.  So it was that Romulus’ extensive writings entitled ‘The Krigger Wolves’ remained undiscovered for several hundred years, an account we will return to at a later time.  Eventually, Romulus’ writings came into the possession of the Haudenosaunez who handed it over to their Shiloh.  They have been preserved down to this day, along with other treasures from the Hormaxian age in the Library of Meric, high up a mountain, above the ancient city of Ausalmerica.

*    *    *

By the time Hyhoset had managed a return to TuWaTayao, old king GuierTonken had passed away, rumor being that he was poisoned by one of his children.  Roman, political-style intrigues were now quickly gathering themselves to the Tonken family with aspersions and threats being casts in every direction.  The nation was on the verge of civil war.  And where was Suetonius in all of this?  Right where a kindly officer of Rome would wish to be, publicly attempting to assist the people in finding a peaceful solution to brewing trouble, all the while secretly playing both ends against the middle, to increase growing tensions between the Tonken children.
Already, Hyhoset could see what Rome was really up to.  She knew for a fact that the thousands of Roman laborers currently housed in the many compounds along the Great Magnum Road were not truly laborers but well trained shock troopers.  She also was aware of the reasons for the western traders’ ships gathering at the harbor.  Rome’s intentions for sending the III Augusta Legion were not hidden from the star child, either.  With TuWaTayao in growing disarray, the peoples’ loyalties being divided up between the three older children of Guier, it would be an easy matter for Suetonius to overcome the nation’s limited defenses once the III Augusta made it to these shores.  With little time to waste, Hyhoset hurried to the chief lords over the western trading ships gathering in the harbor.
To say that Hyhoset was dismayed by the attitude of these chief lords would be an understatement.  Throughout the morning and into the afternoon, she attempted to reason with them for not bringing any more Romans into this land.  “Do you not see?” she nearly cried in frustration, “Rome will not stop with eating up just this land, but it will ever feed on these worlds until every nation north and south is crushed under its banner!  You will not escape this disaster, for sons of Carthage you are, and Rome has vowed to remove that name from off the face of the Earth.  You, and your sons and your daughters, and your sons’ wives and their children, Rome will deliver up to slavery and forced labor.  And the names of you and your country’s people will disappear beneath the foaming waves, along with your abandoned and burned ships.”
At that, a man stood up among his fellow chieftains, Dor, one of the Sons of Dan from the Hebrew tribe of Dan, a chieftain among his own people from the Ohio Nations of Northern Meric.  He lifted a hand, pointing a finger.  “You, oh wicked witch queen of forsaken places, what have you ever done for us and our people?!  The Carthaginians you permitted to be murdered off, the survivors being sold into slavery.  As for my people in the east, one harsh taskmaster after another you have permitted to take up rule over us, my very people enslaved to the Romans!  No rescuer did you deliver to us in our hour of need!  The Egyptians, Babylonians, Greeks, and Romans have all trampled their iron-shod feet upon us.”  He angrily wagged his finger at her.  “We do not believe that our rescue is what you seek even now, but to another you have sold our souls into slavery and death!  You fear a loss of contract if the Romans should beat you to the prize!  Tell us that it is not so.”
Hyhoset was nearly in tears.  “Only freedom have I given to your people!  My husband, Meric, lived the life of a simple man, asking not for tax or tribute from your people at all.  The path your kind chose…have chosen…has been permitted without law or restraint other than the religion of Horus must not be practiced among you.  Rome will steal away from you the gift my husband believed to be so precious that he and his sons fought on down to their dying day to prevent the Southland lords from taking it from you.  Do not allow Rome to do it now!”
The chieftains, to a man, stood up with their brother Dor, refusing to listen to the pleadings of Hyhoset.  In great sadness, she departed them, searching out Suetonius in hopes he might listen to her.  True, Suetonius was a Roman and under orders from Tiberius, but Hyhoset might be able to sweeten the pot enough to dissuade Suetonius from carrying out his orders.
Suetonius was at first in awe at seeing this woman of renown that the people of TuWaTayao nearly venerated in worship.  His awe quickly changed to bemusement, perceiving the flesh of a young woman-child, believing her to be only a descendant of the original Hyhoset who had passed along into myth many generations ago.  Seeing her tremendous attractiveness, the woman not attempting to cover her naked beauty, Suetonius lingered in the hour with sweet contemplation as to how he might win her bed for an evening or so.  He pretended to listen attentively, all the while fantasizing over the carnal acts he wished to practice on her.
Hyhoset leaned forward, resting her hands on the finely engraved table that Suetonius sat behind, offering the man a lucrative bargain.  “If you and your people will leave here on the gathering fleet, I promise to give to you the weight in gold of every one of your able-bodied men boarding those ships.  That way your emperor will remain satisfied, having received greater wealth than he might have dreamed of in any campaign pursued against this nation, and you will come off looking the winner in a shrewd contest against one of the western witches.”
Suetonius sat back, rubbing his chin in thought before making reply.  “My dear… may I call you ‘Hyhoset’?  Such a strange name, indeed, still I guess…” he smirked, “for a woman as ancient as yourself, it must be fitting.”
Hyhoset said nothing, waiting on the man’s further reply.
“Well… Hyhoset, I would like some time to ponder matters over.  Why don’t you return here later this evening, after the dinner hour?  Cool sea breezes will be drifting across these shores and the mood may be much more appropriate for us to conclude our needed conversation.”
Anger flashed in Hyhoset’s eyes as she caustically replied, “My husband offered a better cock tease with his eyes than a dozen of your kind could ever provide with their manliness!  What he forgot in romancing a woman, you do not have lifetimes enough to ever learn!  Little boy, do not play your whoring games with me!  I am not a naive child who can be seduced by a fool such as you.  Shall I ever have intercourse with you, it will be but once, and you will not live to witness the afterglow!”
Enraged, Suetonius jumped from his seat, leaning across the table until his face nearly touched Hyhoset’s, the woman not flinching.  With trembling lips, he spewed forth his venomous threats.  “If you were in my world, I would have you skinned alive for such blatant disrespect… that is, after turning your over to my guard for a night of merrymaking!  I wonder if you would be so bold then to speak the way you do.”
Growling, Hyhoset hissed, “If you wish to live, I suggest you sit back down.”
Surprised, Suetonius glanced down to see a dagger pointed at his throat.  Dumbstruck, he wondered where it had come from and how this woman made it appear so fast.  Slowly, he sat back down.  In a blur, the dagger was gone, disappeared…to where, he had not seen.
Hyhoset stood back, resting her hands at her side.  “I wish to see no death among your kind, and for your men to return home to family and hearth is my desire.  A civil war may well break out soon in this land, and who the winner of the contest might be, I do not know nor do I care to know.  This is a free people and they can choose good or bad for themselves.  Should death be their choosing, I will not interfere.  Yes, many of these people are children of my children, born from my womb in long ago, happier days.  But free people they still are.  I will not permit any man or demon to change that at this hour.
“So now, again my offer to you is still good.  If you will depart these shores to never return, I will give to you the weight in gold of every able-bodied soul taking to the ships with you.  If you refuse, then condemned into these worlds, you have, all the people treading these shores with you, and with your king will you never celebrate victory or defeat.”
Suetonius angrily waved his hand.  “Be off with you, Witch!  You may skillfully wield a blade and might rob me of life, but little do you understand the machine you are up against!  I am but a small tool, playing out a little part in the grand workings of my Lord Tiberius and his Rome.  This is bigger than both of us.  How does one stop the wind?  Rome is coming and little can you or I do to stop it!  Kill me and there will be ten others to replace me.  No!  You are the fly swatting the elephant.  Better it is that you return to me this night and offer me that intercourse you have promised.  Then live you might, when the power of Rome envelopes this world.”
Hyhoset turned and walked to the door, stopping and facing Suetonius upon reaching it.  “When we see each other again, it will be you looking back at me from the departing ship.  As I have told you, on the day that we have intercourse, you will not live to its conclusion, but wishing for death before you reach it, you will.”  She opened the door and left the room.

Some weeks later, Suetonius and a few of his leading officers were on the docks with several western trader chieftains, making preparations for the fleet’s upcoming departure.  The weather had turned rather muggy, but there was a gentle, westerly breeze.  If this weather held, the western fleet of over two hundred trading ships should make Mauritania in short order, delivering the remainder of Roman ‘laborers’ to these shores in a few months.
Suetonius was busy finalizing some details with the chieftains when a commotion erupted among the workers on the docks.  Looking up at a hillock about a bowshot away, Suetonius saw Hyhoset standing upon the crown of the hill, feet spread and arms extended heavenward, out over the sea.  The woman commenced a guttural chant in the strangest of languages, echoing from the hill to the docks.  Workers stopped what they were doing and, clutching their ears, fled away from the harbor.  Suetonius looked back into the faces of the western chieftains, seeing them go deathly pale, the men trembling with fear.  On nearby boats, sailors and crews took up a wailing, many of the men diving overboard and swimming for shore.
As Suetonius watched in amazement, the chieftains panicked, running past their offices along the pier, straight up the road toward the city, crying in terror.  By now, ships in the fleet were weighing anchor, or sailors took to small boats for the shore.  Ships with oars were rowing fast for the docks, at times smashing headlong into them, their crews abandoning the ships in such haste they did not bother to tie them up to the moorings.  What was this all about?  Never had Suetonius seen such wild insanity…and over a woman chanting some meaningless words in a forgotten language?
At first, Suetonius considered putting an end to this shameless exploitation of a victimized, superstitious people, but then thought better of it.  When the people saw that nothing happened, other than their mindless panic, they might finally come to their senses and dismiss this Hyhoset witch as the fraud she really was.  For nearly half the turning of an hourglass, the woman sounded out her bemoaning chant atop the hillock.  Finally, after the docks were cleared and ships nearly emptied, she stopped her chant and silently walked away, disappearing into the nearby forest.
Suetonius looked about at the confused jumble of ships and debris-filled docks.  Putting his hands on his hips, he angrily sputtered, “Well, you won’t be on the water this day, or for several to come, seeing it will take a while to straighten this mess out!  Fool of a woman!”  He ordered his officers, “I want you to take some of your men and hunt her down.  Do what you will with her, but make sure that witch never bothers us again!”
The officers saluted, turning to leave.  No sooner were their words spoken than westerly breezes suddenly shifted, coming out of the east, rapidly growing in intensity and warmth.  Peering in that direction, Suetonius and his officers could see a reddish-gray growing on the horizon.  Quickly that gray was turned to black, continuous flashes of lightning heralding the gathering storm.
“Run!”  Suetonius shouted, after a sudden gust of wind tore away a dockside sign in front of the fish market, nearly hitting the men standing on the pier.  Up the road they raced, fierce winds furiously chasing them.  They had barely reached Suetonius’ office and made their way inside when the storm struck, ripping the roof off the building, tearing doors and shutters from their hinges.  Built of stone with stout walls, it did not collapse on the men huddled under the mantle of the huge fireplace.  There, through the night and far into the early morning hours, the men clung to life, fearing each terrifying moment might be their last.

The following day, Suetonius returned to the harbor to see how great the damage was.  Of the hundreds of ships neatly anchored there the day before, none could be seen sitting high in the water this day.  Sunk or smashed upon the shore they all were.  Crushed and mangled beyond repair and salvage, the entire fleet was destroyed.  True, few were the lives lost in the storm, but the harbor was ruined, the ships sunk, and the city so ravaged that it would take months to get things back to normal.  Over half of all the western trading guilds’ ships were gone, sunk or destroyed.  It would take years to replace them and, by that time, the Atlantean Shipping Guilds would have gathered up all the lucrative contracts for themselves.  The days of the western trade guilds were over, that everyone knew, including the western chieftains who stared forlornly at the destruction.
Later in the day, a lone, deep-water sailor slowly made its way through the debris to tie up near the docks.  Its headman said that they had taken sanctuary in a distant cove while the major part of the storm passed them by.  Upon seeing it, Suetonius hurried to make arrangements to ship aboard for Mauritania, located on the isles of Africa.  Once there, he might be able to gather another fleet to deliver his soldiers here.
The next morning found Suetonius, along with a few dozen of his officers and guards, standing the deck of a deep-water sailor as its headman slowly made his way past the ruined quays on the ebbing tide.  Nearing open water, Suetonius looked back toward the distant docks.  There, staring out toward the ship, was the witch queen, Hyhoset.
Shaking his fist high, Suetonius screamed curses and verbal abuses at Hyhoset.  Raising an arm and extending a middle finger, Hyhoset answered his profanities, shouting one of her own. “Fuck you and the ship you sailed in on!”  She then turned and walked away.

*    *    *

Seutonius’ return trip to Mauritania was plagued with halting winds, doldrums, sudden storms and chilling squalls.  For two weeks, they were trapped in seaweed, the crew having to take to little boats and row to pull the ship along.  Strange lights often appeared during the darkening nights, sometimes accompanied by the most mournful wails a soul had ever heard.  It was three months before Suetonius finally saw the harbor mouth of Toshobbah City on the coast of Mauritania.  With exhausted satisfaction, the man made his way down the gangplank to docks along the city’s waterfront.
Claudesius stood waiting near the docks with a carriage to take Suetonius to the provincial palace.  Upon seeing his commander, the man hurried down to greet him.  Taking his hands while kissing Suetonius’ cheek, Claudesius beamed, delighted, “My Lord, it is so good to see you after such a long absence!  As soon as the signalman informed me that your ship was arrived, I rushed about to make preparations for you.”
Suetonius thanked Claudesius for his kindness.  Patting the man on the shoulder, he started for the carriage.  “Come, let us be off from here.  I need a long bath and some good, Roman wine to get rid of that ship stink and rest my weary mind.”
Claudesius glanced out beyond the harbor mouth.  At seeing no accompanying ships, he asked, “So, when should we expect the arrival of the western fleet?”
Suetonius’ face clouded as he mumbled, “There will be no fleet.  I’m tired and need some rest.  Tomorrow we will look into acquiring needed shipping.”
This revelation was not entirely troubling to Claudesius, considering news delivered by the recent arrival of a royal packet.   “My Lord, it might be all for the best, you possibly agreeing after hearing the latest from Rome.”
Suetonius stopped, squinting as he stared into Claudesius’ face.  “What are you all about?  Out with it!”
“Ah…er…yes, my Lord.” Claudesius searched for the right words.  “I…I was going to inform you directly, waiting until we were in more private quarters, but…”
Sputtering his impatience, Suetonius demanded, “Damn the world with all its ears!  Tell me what is so important so that I should not care that I have lost an entire fleet to an uncanny storm, that all my labors have been in vain, that Tiberius will hang me from a pole in the courtyard at Rome when he finds out I have failed him and lost an entire army to that Witch woman, Hyhoset!”
Although shocked by all of this, Claudesius seized the opportunity to lift Suetonius’ spirits.  “Should what you say be true, then the news I have might soothe your soul a bit.  Please, my Lord, I will reveal it all to you, but first let us retire to the carriage.”
Suetonius grumbled, but accepted Claudesius’ offer.  After the coachman started the carriage toward the palace, Claudesius pulled a small scroll from his robe.  He frowned, slowly shaking his head.  “Such sad news it is.  So sad...  It has been reported that our emperor, Tiberius, was taken with a fever and died shortly after.  So sad…”  He half smiled.  “According to this document, it is written that his nephew, Gaius Julius Caesar Augustus Germanicus…little Caligula...you may recall him when we were at Tiberius’ estate on Capri…well, he is now our new emperor.”
Suetonius bolted upright, recalling the words Hyhoset had spoken.  ‘If you refuse to leave these worlds, with your king will you never celebrate victory or defeat.’  He muttered angrily, “She has done this to me!  I will get even with her and her ilk, I promise!”
Claudesius did not understand what troubled Suetonius so, but he could easily comprehend how these events might well pull everyone’s arses out of the fire.  “My Lord, as goes Tiberius, so goes the visions of his conquering the western lands.  If you recall, our former ruler despised his great-nephew, the new emperor.  I doubt Caligula ever learned about his uncle’s plans…our plans to invade the west.  All of our activities up to now have been clandestine.”  He looked down at the small scroll.  “Orders are for us to expect additional communiqués in upcoming weeks.”
Suetonius took the scroll from Claudesius, reading it.  “So, you believe that Caligula has no knowledge of a planned western invasion?”
Claudesius confirmed it to be so.
Suetonius broke out in a tired smile.  “Then our arses might not be found hanging in Rome.  We must keep matters quiet.  I want to put a cap on this and quickly.  Contact Velleius and the other important officers so that they can meet with us after the dinner hour.”
Claudesius sadly replied, “I’m so sorry, but Praefect Velleius recently suffered an untimely accident, falling from the palace tower after a night of wine and indulgence, or so I was told.  Poor fellow languished in a sick bed with a broken back for several days before succumbing to his injuries.  His wife, Gloria, has been is such a state of grief that she has been nearly impossible to console.”
Suetonius closed his eyes, slowly nodding.  “I’m sorry to hear that.”  Little did he believe that Velleius got drunk and fell from the palace tower.  Reports had even come to him in TuWaTayao concerning Claudesius’ amorous exploits with Velleius’ wife, Gloria.  He glanced up at the man sitting beside him in the carriage.  What would be the fate for Suetonius if this fellow felt threatened?  Wisdom for the moment was to remain silent concerning this matter until he could figure some way to get rid of him without creating any political intrigue that might disturb the new emperor.
He looked out the window of the carriage.  “I’m sorry to hear that.”

Over the next several weeks, Suetonius busied himself, attempting to find ship headmen who had the nautical know-how and a willingness to sail to TuWaTayao to rescue the men he had to leave behind.  It soon became evident that the only people who knew the navigational routes west were from the Mariners Guild piloting the western or Atlantean trade ships.  Word soon spread throughout the harbor towns about Suetonius and his generous offer of gold to any headman willing to sail his ship into western lands.  It was not long before all of the deep water trading ships that plied the western waters had departed Mauretania’s shores for more distant ports.
In the meantime, Suetonius had taken up residence with the III Augusta Legion, feeling safer there than in company with Claudesius at the palace, especially after news reached him that Pomponia had taken to a sickbed.  Although his magistrate was demonstrating every degree of competence and loyalty, Suetonius still felt the need to rid himself of such a potential threat.  Finally, the solution to his woes arrived on the morning high tide, riding a late summer sea breeze.
Stepping onto the docks that early morning, Suetonius watched Royal Ark, the grandest of Rome’s luxury ships, anchoring out in the harbor, the ship having too deep a draft to tie up to the docks.  Royal Ark was a four-masted, one thousand, six hundred tonne passenger ship, originally designed to deliver Roman dignitaries to foreign kingdoms to awe outer world rulers with the power and glory of Rome.  Tiberius, being a practical man, had pressed Royal Ark and her three other sister ships into yeomanly service when they were not being used in any official capacity.  It was soon discovered that these ships were very stout and well-suited for the Rome to Mauritania trip, considering rough seas often experienced off the African coast.
Royal Ark was a first class luxury ship, having private cabins for passengers, galleys that served hot, fresh foods, guard towers and heavy defenses, game rooms and even baths for official passengers.  At first, Suetonius considered finding a navigator willing to take Royal Ark to TuWaTayao but then thought better of it.  The new emperor might not take kindly to the loss of one of his grand ships, even if it had been for well-intended purposes.  Suetonius finally gave up on attempting a rescue mission.  Now his thoughts turned to more pressing needs.
That evening found Claudesius sitting across the table from Suetonius, the two having a private dinner in a room off the officers’ dining hall.  As a servant poured wine, Suetonius asked about Pomponia’s welfare.  Claudesius frowned sadly, saying that his wife was becoming weaker by the day.  Even with the doctor’s potions, it did not look good at all.  “The mercury treatments seem to do little good.  I fear for her life should this malady continue for much longer!”
Suetonius nodded apologetically, “I’m truly sorry to hear such news.  I had been in hopes she might be well enough to travel soon, that is, if you were willing to accept my offer.”
Claudesius tipped his head to the side, curious.  “Your Lordship?”
Suetonius sadly sighed, “I know how close to Pomponia you are, and how attentive you have been to her since the sickness.  I had so much hoped that she would be up to making the journey back to Rome when Royal Ark departs next week for eastern ports.”  He leaned forward, lifting his goblet of wine.  “You see, I have taken the liberty to write a letter of commendation to our new emperor regarding your outstanding service to Rome and to…to me, how you stepped up and took charge when our dear Velleius passed away.”
Pulling a scroll from his robe, Suetonius handed it to a very surprised Claudesius.  “You have done such a fabulous job working with the III Augustus Legion, I wished to send you back to Rome with this official recommendation that the emperor appoint you to the position of praetor, something I can only recommend.  You would need to be present in Rome to receive such a title.”  He frowned in his sadness.  “Now I don’t know if the trip will be possible before winter closes shipping down, Royal Ark not only being wonderful to sail on, but it will also be the last Roman vessel leaving port before bad weather comes to the Great Sea.”
Claudesius nervously opened the scroll, his fingers visibly shaking as he looked at Suetonius’ official seal and the recommendation written in the man’s hand.  “My Lord…my Lord, this is so wonderful and… and so wonderful!”
Looking away, Suetonius lamented, “I already spoke with the headman of Royal Ark and he has told me that there is no choice but to sail no later than eight days from now or be stranded here until spring weather conditions improve in the Great Sea.  So it is… I cannot move the date of departure back at all.  Emperor Caligula wishes to have his grand fleet in home port before winter closes down the shipping lanes.  Pomponia’s illness comes at a very inconvenient time.  Of course, my recommendation still stands, should you have to wait until next spring.”
Claudesius interrupted, “No, no, Lord Suetonius.  I do believe there may be a solution to this.  First, Royal Ark is a solid, well-equipped ship with an able crew and accoutrements to accommodate a sickly person.  I believe that if I could obtain from you permission for her attending physician to journey back to Rome with us, my wife might fare quite well on the trip.”
Suetonius pushed himself back in his chair, concerned.  “Of course, I wouldn’t consider anything less, but Pomponia is the daughter of Equestrian Theodosius Valentinianus.  This journey might prove dangerous for her delicate health, and Theodosius would want to know that everything possible had been done for his child.  For me to give permission to have our dear lady make such an arduous trip, I would have to hear from her lips the woman’s approving of it.  For both our welfare, I believe it prudent to do so.”
Claudesius agreed.  “Yes…yes…  I would not even consider such an undertaking without her approval.  Pomponia has been telling me recently how deeply she misses Capri.  I will speak with her this very night… of course, after talking with the physician to obtain his opinion regarding her abilities to travel.”
Suetonius reached out to take a piece of cut fruit.  “This conversation of yours can wait until morning.  I would hate to have Pomponia’s rest disturbed so late in the evening.  Tomorrow you can send for me, if tomorrow works for her.”
Claudesius smiled, agreeing with the recommendation to wait to talk with Pomponia until the following day.  Suetonius was pleased with the knowledge that Claudesius was going to be on Royal Ark, no matter what.  Once he was out of the way, Suetonius could concentrate on gaining favor with the new emperor.  Mauritania was still a rather wild and independent place.  If he could bring these people fully under the yoke of Rome, it might go a long way in winning those favors.  He had been a praetor for a long time and wished to move up in station, gaining more power and prestige.  His success here might help him to make that move.  And if he failed?  Well, Mauritania was a long way from Rome, and excuses could be made that might well get him out of any compromising situation.

Eight days later saw Claudesius standing on the pier, saying his final goodbyes to Suetonius.  Whether willing or not, Pomponia had declared her desire to return to home, saying that she so missed Capri and assuring Suetonius that she would be fine.  It was also little of a surprise to hear that Gloria had decided to return to Rome on Royal Ark.  Seeing how the woman looked at Claudesius, Suetonius was surprised that Pomponia was still alive.  Well, as long as the woman passed away after leaving Toshobbah City, that was fine with him.
After offering his parting thoughts to Claudesius, who then boarded the little boat that would take him to Royal Ark, Suetonius turned back to the waiting carriage.  Tonight he would sleep in the royal palace without dread.  Tomorrow he would start making preparations for the Mauritanian campaign to bring that entire region under the firm yoke of Rome.
The captain of Royal Ark had in his personal possession a script requesting Caesar’s approval for Suetonius to take full command of all Roman soldiers garrisoned in greater Mauritania, including the III Augusta Legion.  If approved, he would be acting in the position of governor general, something that suited Suetonius’ fancy quite well.  It would be late spring before any report would reach him concerning this matter.  In the meantime, Suetonius would continue with his preparing the army for a summer campaign.
As important as Mauritania might be for Suetonius’ rise in power, his heart still burned with anger over the western fiasco.  Never had he left any under his command behind, dead or alive.   Somehow, in some way, he would make Hyhoset pay for her damnable deed she had done to him!  Ever would he look for a way to get even.  He would continue his search.  If it cost the lives of a million souls, he would get his revenge!

(Author’s note...Claudesius went on to Rome, was appointed to the position of praetor for the garrisoned soldiers on Capri and, later in the year married Gloria, Pomponia having passed away some months before while en route to Rome aboard Royal Ark.  Her son by Claudesius, Markus Claudesius Paulinus, was later gifted with Pomponia’s family estate on Capri when the boy came of legal age.  Markus and his father never saw each other again and carried on little correspondence after Claudesius departed Rome to take up governorship over Ephesus and its surrounding districts in 53CE.
Markus eventually was appointed by Nero to serve in the Royal Treasury in Rome, later being made a praetor and assigned to the XX Valeria Victrix in Britain.  He survived the Battle of Atherstone, his soldiers standing the front lines against Queen Boudica and her British allies.  In 66 CE, he returned to Capri to become a city magistrate, serving in that capacity until the newly appointed Emperor Titus requested his presence with him in Rome in 79 CE. Titus had struck up a friendship with Markus while in Britain in 61CE.  Markus remained in the service of Caesar’s court into the reign of Domitian in 87 CE, at which time he retired to Capri to quietly live out the remainder of his days.
Claudesius had six children by Gloria, their firstborn dying of an illness when only a babe.  From 53 CE until his retirement in 66 CE, he and Gloria lived in the royal palace in Ephesus.  Of their children, there are no records of any of them other than their oldest daughter, Vettia, who, after suffering widowhood, moved in with her parents at their estate north of Ephesus, eventually marrying a retired army officer, Treston Oikos Phulax Hegemon, who also lived on Claudesius’ estate.  Claudesius passed away in his old age in 78 CE, his wife Gloria living on another twenty years before following him in death.)

*   *   *

The Black Warlock high lord over the Hormaxian houses was carried on in succession through men affiliated with Rome from the days of Romulus until past the time of Constantine.  After the passing of Romulus, high lord over the houses was carried on by three more ascensions to that position in rapid succession.  The intrigues of Rome being what they were at the time, even people in somewhat insignificant positions of power met the executioner’s sword, catching up three high lords in its grip.  In 57 CE, the fourth new high lord came to power.
Balbinus Macrinus was the youngest of the Hormaxian priests to attain the office of high lord in the house of the Black Warlocks, being only thirty-five years of age when receiving that title.  Balbinus had a passion for all the Hormaxian sacred arts, especially the writings of its many priestly scribes.  A prolific reader, he soon digested all the Divine Treasures writings found within the cedar chest.  He was especially fascinated with Romulus’ translations of earlier high lords’ writings.
In his second year after becoming high lord, Balbinus began an in depth investigation of Romulus’ library.  Eventually, he came across Romulus’ writings, “The Krigger Wolves”.   Extensive notes and comments added priceless information concerning the people who passed through the fire of Dancing Stones’ funeral pyre.  Romulus had managed to decipher a great deal of Rapadies’ glyphs, the old high lord making copious entries in the margins of those deciphered texts, writing them down in his common tongue of Latin.  Balbinus also found a cipher section in Romulus’ writing that allowed him to translate additional parts of the ancient Hormaxian texts, some of which predated Rapadies.  From these most ancient of texts, Balbinus learned the historic beginnings of the Hormaxian priesthood and its warring against the Dragons.
These ancient texts were not written in the glyphs that Rapadies used, but many of the words appeared similar in style and meaning.  Eventually, Balbinus broke the code of that most ancient of Hormaxian writings, discovering them to be copies of Hormax’s original memoirs, incantations, and temple (scientific) experimentation, much of it copied down from sacred texts found in the ruins of Mosul Egypt. 
Over the remainder of Balbinus’ life, the man painstakingly made translated copies of all of these very early writings.  The man eventually wrote a three volume work, “The Sacred Codex of the Father Church”.  Volume one was reserved for only the eyes of future Black Warlock high lords.  Volume two was given to the lord over the White Warlocks, and volume three was delivered up to the lord over the Gray Hearts.
Volume III contained some of the history of the ‘Sons of Horus’, the name of this Hormaxian organization being changed by Balbinus to the ‘Father Church’ at that time.  Besides the historical accounts, incantations, chants and songs, religious orientation and structure, Volume III also laid out the future of the Father Church, how it was to incorporate other religious beliefs and ideas to further the Church’s control over the people for the advent of a world government.  From that time forward, the Gray Hearts would concentrate their efforts on bringing that new, global religious order to fruition.  It would take over another two hundred years to attain the prize of creating the one religion to eventually rule over all the others.
Volume II also contained much of what was found in Volume III.  Additionally, it provided a secular account of the earlier priesthood along with details of how Hormax and his fellow priests managed to take control of all human knowledge…secular, scientific, historic, political, and religious…so that they could recreate and rewrite history to serve the Hormaxian purpose.
Balbinus laid out how the House of Runes…White Warlocks…were to control common knowledge by creating educational systems that would serve the cult’s current desires, changing that knowledge as the need suited them.  One of Balbinus’ greatest fears was the accidental destruction of accurate, historical knowledge through the religious fervency of the ignorant masses.  So he placed the lord over the house of the White Warlocks under obligation not to allow this to happen.
Volume II went into great detail as to how to preserve all the historical and scientific texts and materials the Father Church wished to preserve while hiding them from the peoples.  Religious monasteries were to be established.  Single men devoted solely to the keeping and preserving of sacred knowledge would be assigned this task.  They would be taught and lettered so that, as scribes, they would continually be about the laborious task of making copies of older writings.  These duties would originally fall to the Order of the Manly Priestesses of Marduk, also called ‘Maruks’.  In later days, as these libraries increased, other single men who were not necessarily eunuchs would join with the Maruks in this scribal endeavor, the collective name given to the entire group being ‘monks’.  Eventually, many of these libraries would be housed in religious edifices called ‘monasteries’.
Volume I of “The Sacred Codex of the Father Church” contained not only all the writings of II and III, but also all the hidden knowledge found in the deciphered texts that Balbinus had translated.  As an addendum, he added Romulus’ writings “The Krigger Wolves” along with all the incantations, spells, chants, and sacred mathematics as explained by Hormax himself.  Balbinus also went on to instruct future high lords how they were to maintain control over the other two houses once this new religious order was fully established.  ‘From the most loyal of the order of Maruks and other men from the House of the Father God…Black Warlocks…you are to gather an army of black knights…Jesuits to dwell in the shadows of power, keeping check over the priests of the other two houses.  These Jesuits will see to the accomplishing of the House of the Father God’s purpose…delivering to Lucifer the world of men in the final hour.’
 
All of Balbinus’ sacred books were yet for future writing on this cold winter day as he sat by the brazier studying Romulus’ codex.  Romulus’ translation of ZaphipheRa’s account of the Bantoowazzi Wars and Dungie Dodanim’s rise to power were enthralling.  Not only had the old high Hormaxian priest detailed Javan’s and Dungie’s victories over the pharaoh and the southern kingdoms, and the intrigues behind making Zaelock servants…an art that had been forgotten since the fall of Egypt in Moses’ day…he had also written extensively regarding his investigation into the people called the ‘Haudenosaunez’.
ZaphipheRa recorded dozens of testimonials from eye witnesses who had been in ObebBaalSoar during the burning of Dancing Stones.  From them he had learned many of the names of people who stood upon the flaming pyre when the gods from Heaven came down to speak with them.  Few of those names were familiar to him.  Oh yes, Noahashonie and Hyhoset were well known and feared by many of the priests of Hormax, but the others?  There were clues that might help Balbinus in understanding who some of the others might be, seeing that, according to ZaphipheRa’s successor, High Priest Rapadies, these Haudenosaunez had eternal life given them, meaning they might still be living down to this day.
ZaphipheRa offered the first clues as to who two of the people might be.  He wrote about a Juliet Dalmatia Tobanahazz, describing her appearance and great beauty, her marriage to Chuphoe Tobanahazz and her battle with a Zaelock witch of his making.  The name Tobanahazz continued to pop up throughout the high lord writings through the ages, the Tobanahazz estate being the location on Cypress where the Council of HETH was long held.  Romulus had scribbled a note beside Gomer’s account, describing a certain Lady Tobanahazz who frequented Rome during the time of Caesars Augustus and Tiberius, possibly romancing both the men, Romulus describing Lady Tobanahazz’ appearance exactly as ZaphipheRa had.
Another name that drew Balbinus’ attention was Swalhawena, the child given over to Noahashonie by her husband Javan after a raid on the city of Mounds.  According to ZaphipheRa, Swalhawena had been given the name’ DrakonOdous’…‘Dragon Fangs’ or ‘Drakous’…‘Woman Serpent’, her fame as an assassin becoming renowned.  Romulus had inserted a great deal of information in the side notes concerning a certain Lady Drakous who, he believed, had a rather intense affair with Emperor Augustus, adding his observations concerning a certain woman at a HETH council.  Balbinus had met this Lady Drakous before, if she was the same woman Romulus wrote about, that is.  His description of her seemed to fit.
If Lady Drakous was truly this Swalhawena of yore, then it was highly likely that Lord Beaufort was one of the men ZaphipheRa described as being on the funeral pyre. The old priest had written a detailed account about each of the Haudenosaunez, or as detailed as possible.  ZaphipheRa had been dependent on eye witness accounts from those who had been in ObebBaalSoar at that time.  The presence of Tuosolmerica watching the roads north of Ogallala and the mass exodus from the lands of Dodanim, as well as the southern wars against AnahNakaNoah, had limited the time ZaphipheRa spent obtaining information concerning the Haudenosaunez.  What Balbinus did learn from these accounts was that there were fifteen people who stood upon Dancing Stones’ funeral pyre along with most of their names, and that the men were called ‘LukusAner’ and the women ‘Gorgons’.
What was more helpful to Balbinus was the information that ZaphipheRa had gathered from eastern lands by Hormaxian spies out of Saranda, which included the previous mention of Lady Drakous.  Noahashonie was a woman known to have several lovers in those years before Dungie’s Atlantean warring invasion against her, among them three people whose names were often mentioned in concert with hers.  There was a young man by the name of ‘Rae Tomassie’ from the Mariner clan, and ‘BondaBoor’, a chieftain among the Riphath clans, and her former child servant, ‘Swalhawena’, now possibly known as ‘Lady Drakous’.
Balbinus had heard many times of this Rae Tomassie, rumor among the Hormaxians that he lorded over submarine boat fleets that stood opposed to their own undersea rule.  That Rae might be a LukusAner did not surprise the Black Warlock priest at all, considering the powerful influence the Submariners played in the world of men.  What Balbinus did not know was that Rae was also one of the permanently seated members on the Maritime Court, having never seen the man in person or pictures.  Indeed, Rae was the most mysterious of the Haudenosaunez, never revealing his true identity to the outside world until far into the following age of world dominion.
There were also names of two men, Juufet and KontinKuken, referenced by the old priest, that were later recorded in Gomer’s account, both men disappearing into the annals of history.  Still, Balbinus felt them worthy of additional investigation when time permitted.  His studies would eventually take the man into the ancient worlds from the time of Assyria into what came to be called the Christian era, Balbinus eventually believing that many of the old sages were none other than Juufet.  He managed to trace the man to Judah’s King Herod.  But from there, Juufet disappeared from the world scene, the same as he discovered concerning the Hebrew woman, Serah, never gathering enough information to prove that Serah and Susannah were one and the same person, although through Gomer’s writings he found out that Serah was one of Dancing Stones’ fifteen firewalkers and was a daughter of the Elkhorn as were the Mozerathas, thus not a child of Abraham.

(Author’s note… Although Rae Tomassie and KontinKuken held permanent seats on the Maritime Court, secret to the others the men were, the custom of the Court being for all members to dress in long, hooded robes and never reveal names while in assembly.  To the Court, Rae and Kontin were only known as ‘The Lords of the Quill’.  As a note, this Maritime Court exists down to this day, having evolved in form and function over time.  It currently serves a similar purpose as did the old councils in the Upper Realms during their Second Age.)

ZaphipheRa also wrote that Noahashonie was a child from the Mozerathas clans, she being first known as ‘SauPauwaUdae’, ‘Pauwa’ being the tribe from which her father came and ‘Udae’ being her mother’s, and that she, along with four others from the Mozerathas tribes, stood together on Dancing Stones’ funeral pyre.  The names of the four other Mozerathas’ were ‘Cothath’, a chief in the ancient city of Missisaugwah; ‘SchroGarthTho’, a chieftain and also grandfather of Noahashonie; and ‘LumdonDuridshemion’ and ‘SusannahKiabottam’, both chieftains in the Mozerathas clan.
The names of these four meant little to Balbinus, except for LumdonDuridshemion.  Through his researching ZaphipheRa’s post-exodus account from the western lands of Japheth, he discovered the names of Lumdon’s wife and children who departed into the eastern worlds with him…Thanet, his wife; and Thames, Thorne, Brigh, Saffron, Herne, and Reiga, his children.  These very names and their derivatives could be found throughout the isles of Britain.  This, combined with tales of an ancient, Druidic high priest called ‘Merlin’, convinced Balbinus that the Merlin who resided on the island of Mona was either a descendant of or was possibly Lumdon, himself.
And what of Mona?  Had it not been the gathering place for the Council of HETH until recent years when it was moved to the hostile isles at the bottom of the world?  Though he had never visited Mona, there were copious writings from Romulus and earlier high lords describing meeting encounters there with the Sky Children and Haudenosaunez.  If Mona was once used for the Council of HETH, being moved because the Servants and priests of Hormax demanded it, then might the island still be a center hub of activity for the Haudenosaunez?  Also, who were the Druid priests other than servants of the Haudenosaunez, using that religion to spread hatred against Rome and the Sons of Horus among the people in those northern lands?
The High Warlock believed that Mona and the Druids posed a monumental threat to Rome’s global expansion.  The northern isles in the west were already out of reach for Rome, the witches of the Haudenosaunez preventing that, Hormaxian spies embedded among Suetonius’ invading army having provided detailed reports of the action and Hyhoset’s punitive reaction to it.  Were the Haudenosaunez also attempting to prevent Rome from possessing the isles and territories of northern Europe?  Unlike the lands of Meric, Balbinus knew of no official agreement barring Rome from European conquest other than Mona, the island being declared a neutral zone through a HETH treaty some four hundred years before.  Even that treaty was questioned in Balbinus’ mind since the Council had been relocated.
After removing much of Romulus’ personal library back to Vesuvius, Balbinus took to devising a plan to remove for good the threat of Mona and the Druids from Rome’s expansion into northern Europe.  The High Warlock knew he had to be very careful so that no accusation could be legitimately charged against the House of Hormax concerning this issue.  Pondering the matter, he concluded that since it was being done for Roman expansion, Rome should carry out the needed actions required to clear the way for it, and should things go awry, receive the grief the Haudenosaunez might bring upon the perpetrator of the act.  “Keep your hands clean of it...” Balbinus muttered to himself as he began to put together a means to accomplish his purpose.
If Mona and the Druids were to be struck a fatal blow, the Legions of Rome would have to be called into service to do so.  No commanding general would dare risk possible open war with the Britons without consent from Rome’s Caesar.  Balbinus must first win over Emperor Nero to his side.  Now was a good time to awaken the Zaelocks secreted within the souls of certain influential women in Rome.  Agrippina had been a good restraining influence on the boy, an acceptable Zaelock for such purposes.  But circumstances dictated that the young Nero turn to a new and more ruthless course in order to accomplish Balbinus’ desires.  A more willing and skilled Zaelock would better serve the purpose in the future.
The following day, two of his monastic servants were hurrying off to Rome with Balbinus soon to follow.  There, in secret catacombs beneath the city, Balbinus would awaken the Zaelocks dwelling within Poppaea and two of her female house servants.  Balbinus smiled in satisfaction.
Poppaea was an excellent choice for this mission.  First of all, she loved Nero, an added bonus for such clandestine activities.  It better covered the sinister side of matters.  True, Poppaea did not possess the witching powers that earlier Zaelocks did.  After all, those arts had been lost until Balbinus rediscovered them in ZaphipheRa’s ancient texts.  Still, the woman should serve quite well, having been conditioned from the age of two onward.
*    *    *

Nero lay on his back, wheezing, his passion exhausted.  The woman beside him slowly rolled onto her side, resting her weight on an elbow.  Playing her fingers up and down the man’s skin, she cooed, “Many more are the arts of love that mother can teach her son.  Few there are of womankind who have greater skills, I being taught by the high priestess in the Temple of Diana, giving up my virginity to the phallus of her deity king in my eighth year of life.  So many of the arts of pleasing a man the priestess taught me over the following years that it would take a lifetime to merely describe them.”
Nero moaned, tired, “Already I am emptied of my elixir, this our third time since the dinner hour.  Tell me, Mother, please, does your wizardry offer me a fourth round as exciting as these others?  Can you get my manly ardor rigid enough again to excite me with another rush as I play upon you?”
Nero’s mother, Agrippina, laughed seductively, “The magic of my mouth and hand you have only tasted.  Harder than wood I can make your manliness, and the game will not stop after you have entered my vaulted room.”  At that, she began to again play her wiles upon the man with a passionate excitement that drove him to such heights of erotic desire that he shoved the woman over and violently took her in a raping heat.
After Nero’s explosive ejaculation had subsided, the man collapsing on his mother’s breasts, Agrippina lay there, bruised and bloodied, with a satisfied smile on her face.  She whispered in her son’s ear, “Has your mother not delivered to her child as she promised?  Has she not always given to him her very best?”
Nero groggily answered before falling off to sleep, “Yes, Mother, you have always given your best to me.”

Nero awoke to his mother’s soft singing while she bathed him with a sponge and warm water.  As his eyes opened, his mother’s lilting voice cooed so seductively, “Has my manly child waked enough for his mother to play again upon his manly charms?  The sun is yet to rise above the city walls.  There is yet time for another romp through her fields of lilies before she must depart.”
For some time, the young emperor silently lay there while Agrippina continued to bathe her son, the boy watching her naked breasts swaying with her massaging motions.  His mind drifted off to an earlier interlude with another admirer, a woman whose laughing, green eyes made him go mad with passion for her.  He closed his eyes, thinking of that night.

“My darling…” Poppaea said with a pout as she looked up into Nero’s face, “My darling, why must we hide this love so real?  Otho despises my touch and only takes me when the wine is on him, or his anger against another must be manifest privately against me.  Yet you, so wonderful is your manliness within me that I wish it never to leave, and your smile and gentle words making me fawn, with my heart aflutter!”
Nero lay down atop Poppaea, his head next to hers.  He whispered in her ear, “I wish our uniting in marriage, but cannot escape the chains binding me to this terrible fate!  Otho is my close friend.  I cannot admit to him that you and I have been taking to the same bed when opportunity is upon us.  I also fear a possible conspiracy that may be afoot.  My mother is a treacherous bitch-woman who still thinks I murdered Britannicus before his coming of age celebration.  I do believe she may be harboring ill intent against me.”
Poppaea nibbled on Nero’s ear as she worked her other magic to keep his ardor firm, desiring no ending to this experience the two were sharing.  As Nero moaned in quiet satisfaction, Poppaea whispered, “You did murder Britannicus...”
Nero roused himself in surprised insult.  Pushing up with his hands, he glared down into Poppaea’s face, her laughing eyes betraying mischief hidden behind them, again whispering, “You did…”
Before he could reply, Poppaea quietly laughed, “It is no secret, though no one dares talk of it.  Your visit to the witch woman, Locusta, some weeks before the boy’s death was evidence enough of it.  But later she even confessed her actions to your mother when she was questioned by Agrippina’s inquisitor guard.”
Poppaea reached up, cupping Nero’s face in her hands, then drew him close and began a gentle, passionate kissing.  After wrapping her legs about him so that he could not escape, she peered into his eyes.  “My love, it was the only thing you could do if you were to save your throne…your life!  You mother seeks power and glory, always has.  This is no secret.  You know, yourself, that she attempted a coup upon you when first the empire became yours.  Had it not been for Seneca stopping her sitting down next to you when the Armenian prince visited…well, the least would have been a great humiliation against you.
“With Britannicus alive, your throne, your very life was constantly at risk.  Your mother’s loyalty to you now only exists because you are her one hope of retaining influence in the empire.  She will do anything at all to hold onto that influence, even bedding you so that her witching ways exercise control over you.”
“What?!” Nero nearly shouted in surprise.
Poppaea placed a finger to his lips.  “I, too, am a witch taught by the high priestess in the Temple of Dianna.  Your mother I can smell upon you.  Your manly organ reeks of her odor.  I care not should you wish to take that woman.  Well taught she is, I imagine.  It is not your indulgent intercourse with her that is troubling to my soul, though.  It is her reasons for seducing you that so much concern me, your seduction into enslavement from her passionate intrigues so that you crave her to the point of submitting to her will and desires out of fear of losing her touch and embrace.  That is what I fear for you.”
Dread grew on Nero’s face as he gathered Poppaea’s revelations into his heart.  “Oh, but never has a woman excited me more than that…that person does!  How can I live without such passion, having experienced it in her ravenous ways?  I am afraid already of losing her tempestuous oblations offered up to my manly spirit that take me to divine heights!”
Poppaea grinned, “Fear not, my manly god, your lover dear can do as much, and even more than that woman, since before my memory I have been trained in the arts of love by the priests of the gods.  Yes, skilled your mother might be, but I can do better, much better.”
Nero could not believe such a thing possible.  Poppaea reminded him, “Have I not taken you to Heaven’s heights before?  By you own words, you say it is so.  Are my breasts not firmer and my secret chambers more delightful than an old and haggard woman who has birthed several children?”
Truth be said, Agrippina was a very comely woman, more beautiful than most for her age.  Still, a mother she was to grown children, and worn she was from the rigors of a rather libidinous lifestyle.  On the other hand, Poppaea was much younger and extremely beautiful in form and handsomeness.  (A maiden she was not, having birthed a son when married to her first husband, Rufrius Crispinus, the boy being drowned by Nero after Poppaea’s death.)  But she truly loved Nero, something he did not feel coming from his mother.
Doubtful, Nero sighed, unsure, “I don’t know…I don’t know...”
Poppaea frowned.  “My darling, have I not held you within my inner chamber now these several hours, your manliness ever strong within me so that even in your rest it has not withered away?  And has our second act of love not been more exciting than our first…and our third better than the second?”
“Yes!  Yes, all that you say is so true,” Nero moaned in sadness, “but so uncertain I still am over this.  Should I dismiss her, then will you truly stay by my side?  After all, you are the wife of another man.  And should you go away, then nothing but bitter memories will I have of passions once enjoyed.”
Her voice quietly accusative, Poppaea coldly answered, “You are married also.  How can I give my life to you as your wife when another sleeps at your side?  If you wish for my eternal love, you will have to rid yourself of the two demon women who pollute your life with their cunning seductions and twisted lies.”
Unwrapping her legs, she pushed Nero away and crawled from the bed.  Slipping on a robe to cover her nakedness, Poppaea glared at her very surprised lover, her words caustic and bitter, eyes dark and opaque.  “If you wish for another rutting with this doe, then a decision you must make.  Your wife I can tolerate for the moment, but that bitch-woman mother of yours must go…and go for good!”
She leaned forward, eyeing Nero.  “You think her ancient treasure house is a fine place to visit, while mine is only for chanced play?”  She paused in thought, then lifting a hand and extending a finger as she disrobed, proposed, “This I will do for you, but only once.  A journey to Olympus’ gates I will give you…give you a glimpse of my powers.  Then, when the time is right for you, go to your mother and receive from her the best she can deliver upon you.  Decide for yourself who the better of us is and choose either her or me.  But the both of us you can no longer have!”  At that, Poppaea crawled back onto the bed and began to play upon Nero’s senses until a fainting ecstasy took the man in a deathlike sleep.

Opening his eyes, Nero reached up and stroked Agrippina’s breasts.  “Yes, Mother, please shower your affection upon me one last time.  Give me, please, your very best that you have, holding nothing of your witchery back from me.  It is so important that you do this for me, this last time.”
Agrippina smiled, bending low and kissing Nero’s lips.  “As you wish, my son...  As you wish...”

*    *    *

Nero cried out in desperation as Poppaea stood up from the bed and slipped on a robe, walking to a table and pouring a small goblet of wine.  “Why will you not marry me?!  I have done everything you have demanded.  I have removed my mother and my wife, Octavia, from my life forever.  Now there is only your love I yearn for.  Still, you have not divorced Otho as I have asked.”
 Poppaea turned about, her eyes blazing black as they bore into his.  Deep from within her throat, a guttural voice growled, “You have not yet grown up, little boy!  Now listen, if you wish for my hand in marriage…if you wish to live at all.  So disappointing you have been, as were your predecessors.”
She stepped forward, extending a hand toward a cowering, terrified Nero, sitting back on his knees all a tremble.  “‘Britain!  Oh Britain, how your glory and might overwhelms me!  How can all the power of Rome overcome such a majestic woman as you are?’  Too long have the children of Rome cringed in trepidation over this tiny isle, too afraid to gather its riches to its breast!”  Shaking a finger, Poppaea chastised Nero for his cowardliness.  “The whole world Rome has placed under its thumb, but for this one little speck that stands defiant against it!  ‘Oh the Druid, Oh the Druid’ you cry.  ‘How does one find success against the very priests who speak with the gods?’  Grow up, little boy!  We have gods who fight also for us.”
“What must I do, oh witch queen?!  What must I do?!” Nero cried.
The voice calling from within Poppaea demanded, “Bring to a ruin these troublesome Druids once and for all!”  She stepped up so close that her face nearly touched Nero’s, the man shaking.  “If you wish for my hand in marriage, then deliver to me the head of Merlin, the Chief Necromancer over the Druid House!”  She hissed, “Then, I might consider it...”
Instantly, the voice within became silent.  Nero sat there, stunned, staring into Poppaea’s surprised face, her green eyes again radiating their haunting beauty.  The woman stood back, shaking.  On wobbly knees, she managed her way to a small stool, sitting, holding her head as she attempted to catch her breath.  After she had composed herself, Poppaea quietly said that she had to leave.  Gathering up her clothes, the woman silently departed, leaving a very distraught, trembling Nero sitting alone on his bed.

*    *     *

Titus Flavius Vespasianus had just arrived at a small Roman outpost on the shores of Belgica, standing on the beach, looking west toward Britain.  It had been only two weeks since he had been in Rome, sitting at a table across from the emperor, Nero’s advisors, Lucius Seneca and Sextus Burrus the only other people in the room.  To say that Titus was overwhelmed by receiving the attention of the emperor would be an understatement.  And then to be promoted to the post of military tribune?  For a man only in his early twenties, this honor nearly took his breath away.
Nero looked over at Seneca, a sly smile growing across his face.  He had picked well.  Titus was intelligent, able, quick of wit, and…and too naive and eager to advance in power to understand the possible implications of the deed he was being assigned to do.  Titus’ orders were simple: to deliver official papers to Governor Suetonius in Britain, and quickly return to Rome with whatever Suetonius gave to him.  What Titus did not know was the possible future curses that might befall him should he successfully carry out those orders.  Nero knew, having been warned through Poppaea’s dream visions, informing him about the necromancers that haunted those western lands and had defeated Suetonius’ invasion attempts of the west so many years before.
Indeed, it was because of that failed invasion that Nero was involving Suetonius in his scheme to take down Merlin and his Druidic cult, Nero learning about Suetonius after visiting the oracle who spoke of the many times that man had sought a spell or potion from the woman to be used against Hyhoset and her servants.  Fascinated by this revelation regarding his uncle Tiberius’ attempted conquering of the western lands, Nero began to dream of such a possibility.  He drew the conclusion that to take the western lands, Britain must fall first to the power of Rome.  To do this, he must break the will of the British people.
Already, Seneca was busy in those isles with financial and political intrigues.  The debt he had put on the Brits was crushing.  Too, the humiliating treatment of Boudica and the raping of her two daughters, Irene and Sophie, after the death of her husband, Prasutagus, appeared to have severely weakened the will of the people.  Now what Nero planned to do was bring a finish to this heretical Druidic religion by exterminating all its priests, including Merlin, and he believed this to be the moment to strike.
At the end of their meeting, Nero introduced Titus to a captain in the Praetorian Guard, Giluises Julianus Severus, who, along with a dozen of Rome’s guard, was to go to Britain with Titus.  Julianus was a man in his mid forties, having served under Suetonius in the Mauretania campaigns as a personal adjutant officer under his commanding general.  Nero felt that Suetonius would be more willing to carry out his orders if one of the emperor’s personal attendants was accompanying him, so who better than one of the governor’s former lieutenants?
What Nero did not know was that Julianus had accompanied Suetonius in his failed invasion of the west, and was among the few who escaped TuWaTayao with Suetonius.  But this was not the only secret Julianus was keeping.  The man was also a Hormaxian priest in the house of the Black Warlocks.  He did not arrive in Nero’s presence by accident.  High Lord Balbinus was sending his junior priest to Britain with orders not only to make sure Suetonius carried out Nero’s demands, but to make an intensive search of Merlin’s estate and surrounding properties for anything that might prove valuable to the Hormaxians.  When finished, he was to make sure that everything else was destroyed.
Even though Julianus was a faithful and willing priestly servant of the high lord, Balbinus’ secretiveness was already hindering the expedition against Mona.  Julianus leaned more to the understanding that the destruction of the Druidic cult and killing of Merlin was of primary concern, something Balbinus had taken care to execute through Suetonius’ actions.  In reality, this should have been expected by the high lord.  Julianus was not informed about the history of Mona, who Balbinus believed Merlin to really be, who or what the Haudenosaunez were, or the possibility there might be other Haudenosaunez on the island.  Truth be said, Julianus knew less about the western witch, Hyhoset, and her other possible witch companions than Suetonius did.  Even the term ‘Haudenosaunez’ was unfamiliar to him.
Julianus had with him two attendants that departed Rome in Titus’ company.  These two men were high-ranking Maruks, recently initiated into the newly created Jesuit Order of Black Knights, that knowledge being withheld from Julianus.  This was all part of Balbinus’ power structure, spies watching spies, agents reporting on other agents, Julianus being used to keep an eye on Suetonius and Titus, and the two Jesuit knights to keep an eye on Julianus.  This did not mean that the Jesuits were better informed than Julianus.  No indeed, their primary responsibility was to assure Julianus faithfully carried out his duties and, should he fail through accident or death, they were to finish the mission.  Then, after they had returned, they were to make a full report to Balbinus regarding how faithfully and effectively Julianus had accomplished his assignment.

The headman over the long ship called to Titus that the ship was ready to push off.  There was a rush from those gathered on the beach to board the tiny ship, Titus and his company muscling their way through the crowd until they were near the stern, Titus’ experience being that those in the bow often arrived drenched and cold, crossing the sea in an open vessel like this.  Soon the oarsmen were laboring against the wind to bring the ship into the channel and past the break wall.  Once in open waters, they hoisted sails and took to the breeze.  Tacking to the south and then north, they slowly began their tedious journey toward the British Isles.

*    *    *

Swalhawena and Lumdon strolled hand in hand through the rock-filled forest north of Lumdon’s estate.  It was warm for early summer, the noise of tiny flying creatures filling the air with a delightful music of wild resonance, a harmonic melody that so pleased the ear.  Swalhawena sucked in the sweetly scented air.  “Such is the world this day, I wish it never to end!”  She stared into Lumdon’s eyes, a hunger growing in hers.  “Let us be away from this ugly world created by demons and their ilk and hide away in secret lands until the ending hour.”  Squeezing Lumdon’s hand, Swalhawena cooed softly, so that the rest of the world might not hear, “We can make for ourselves a race of men who will not know war and hatred at all and there we can live out our lives in untroubled peace.”
Lumdon heartily laughed, “The two of us, oh my little darling, live out our lives in solitude, away from this world of intrigue and madness?  Why, with pride you carry the name ‘Drakous’… ‘Dragon Fangs’… I even speaking the name to you in our dreaming love.  Tired you may become at times, but leave this place?  You could no more go away from here than a larva can become a butterfly before passing through death into life through its cocoon!”
Swalhawena looked away, sputtering, “Might that not be the case!  Still…you do have a way to take the romance out of a woman!  My mood is now gone to take you to that mossy bed over there to celebrate this beautiful day.”
Lumdon peered down into the woman’s pouting eyes, grinning, “Oh, how easily dissuaded my little child has become.”  He pulled her close, gently running his hands up and down Swalhawena’s naked back.  “We need not run away to the secret lands of Eden to immerse ourselves in Love’s passions.  In our dreams, we can produce a race of happy souls who ever love and are at peace, a place that you and I can return to every time we are in each other’s arms.”
“Oh you!”  Swalhawena grumped as she pulled Lumdon toward the bed of mossy down in a clearing.  “How can I ever keep a sour mood upon me when your ardor ever haunts my visions and fills me with desire?  Come quickly and fill me up or I shall die from that desire unfulfilled!”
Laughing, the two hurried onto the moss-filled heath, hiding under the shade of a wild, thorny rose hedge.  There the lovers lazily passed the afternoon, playing in the arts of romance while building a world of ever-peace in their dreams.

It was early evening before Swalhawena and Lumdon returned to the wizard’s humble estate.  There to greet them was Juliet, who had been patiently waiting dinner for their arrival.  Upon seeing them, she frowned, fussing at Swalhawena, “I see by the glow on your face that a walk alone has not been in order this day.  Pray, have you saved any elixir for this lonely waif to taste?  Even the servant boy has run away, not able to satisfy the needs of this child.  What do you say after a day’s indulgences, is there anything left for me but a limp dream and a romantic tongue?”
Swalhawena coyly replied, “If only a tongue and hand need be your lovers this night, I, alone, would be able to soothe your heart.  I have saved enough of this man’s glory so that more than a taste can be yours for the taking.  And even more, to you will I give up the bed this night so that in his arms you may peacefully sleep while the stable hand I will seek in hopes he will warm my bed.  That is…” she pointed an accusing finger, “that is unless you have drained him of all his manliness, too.”
Walking over to Lumdon like a hen who has won the rooster, Juliet took Lumdon’s hand.  “You will sit beside me at dinner so that this snake charmer will stay true to her word.”  She glanced over at Swalhawena, a smug smile on hers.  “I have not found my company with the stable hand this day, seeing that he is quite old and, I’m afraid, may be too weak and feeble of heart to survive my passionate offerings, saving the man for a more restrained and less refined romancer of the womanly arts such as yourself.”
Swalhawena did not flinch, but good-naturedly retorted, “Never have you complained when I have crawled into your bed and under your skin!  No, I think it that you were afraid to approach the aged fellow out of fear that your inadequacy might fail to gain an arousal from him, something that for you might be of great harm to heart and ego.”
Juliet pulled Lumdon toward the nearby table, filled with vittles for the evening meal, replying to Swalhawena over her shoulder, “Be that the case or not, it must wait for a later day.  Tonight I have this fellow and you can choose any other man you may desire, or who will have you, even the scarecrow in the field, if that should suit your fancy.  Tomorrow, you and I can debate the contest, but tonight, this prize I am keeping for myself!”

As the three supped on a meal that included greens, cheese, bread and wine, the conversation turned to more serious matters.  There were disturbing activities going on in eastern Britain carried out by Roman overlords that portended ill for the peoples of this isle.
After sipping some soup, Juliet casually answered Lumdon’s question concerning Hilga’s absence.  “Our Lady Heidi Tomassie, better known as ‘Andred, the goddess witch’ among the Brits, is busy off to the east with the Iceni people.  Seems that Boudica is stirring the pot for war because of the mistreatment she and her daughters received from the Romans.  At the moment, Heidi is attempting to slow things down, in hopes war can be avoided.”  She took another sip of soup.  “The Romans are up to something.  Nero’s up to something, but what it is, I’m not sure.  There was no reason whatsoever to steal Boudica’s kingdom from her after her husband Prasutagus’ death.  Then to have Boudica whipped while watching her daughters being raped in front of her eyes?  It makes no sense.  And then there’s Seneca, first forcing a loan upon the Brits and then recalling it, plus interest, demanding full payment immediately?  It also makes no sense.”
Lumdon asked, curious, “You feel this comes from the top?  That Nero’s personally involved in it?”
“Don’t know,” Juliet answered.  “Haven’t been able to get into Nero’s head since his mother took to his bed.  And now that Poppaea has taken up where Agrippina left off?  Nero’s mother was a Zaelock witch.  After she smelled my scent on her son, she immediately put an end to my cavorting with Nero.  Poppaea has even greater powers than Agrippina, the woman being initiated into the cult at a much younger age than Nero’s mother was.  I dare not even enter the palace courtyards, for fear of that woman!  I believe she understands that I, too, am a witch, though who I truly am, I doubt she comprehends.  High Lord Balbinus is up to something with her, but what it is, I cannot even guess.”
Breaking another piece from a loaf of bread, Lumdon dipped it in some spiced oil while making reply.  “Britain has many valuable resources that Rome desperately needs, tin, copper, gold, silver, and people… lots of people to slave in their mines, work their fields, and even fight in their games.  Still, it makes no sense to me.  Rome already holds Britain by the short hairs, the people addicted to the baubles and trinkets Nero offers them.  Roads, cities, clothing, and customs the likes of which one finds on the broadways of their Roman cities nearly fills the southern half of the island.  Why, in a few years, I believe that these isles will be more Roman than Italy is.”
While nibbling on some aged cheese, Swalhawena wryly commented, “Nero’s got to prove his manhood to that witch, Poppaea.  She’s put him under her spell so that he’s fallen deeply in love with the woman.  Yet she refuses to marry him until he has proved himself not to be a momma’s boy.  I believe the man’s pushing against Britain to prove to her that he has some balls.”
“Maybe so, maybe so,” Juliet observed as she took a sip of her wine.  “But if Nero is just strutting his stuff to impress that woman, there are many other peoples and lands ripe for the plucking.  The Germans, Spaniards and easterners are all itching to revolt.  Nero need only throw a dart at a map to find a much better place to start a fight.  If Boudica rouses the anger of the British tribes, the Roman Legions on the island will be outnumbered ten to one, should they clash in war.  True, untrained in close combat the Brits are but, on the open field, the Romans would not stand a chance against them!  Governor Suetonius must be aware of this.”
Merlin quipped, “Suetonius is Suetonius.  He will do whatever Nero wishes he do.  My spies report business as usual with the man for the moment.  I have told them to keep a close eye on him and report back to me anything newsworthy.”
Juliet snuggled up to Lumdon.  “This is why I like escaping here.  Rome is so cold and unfriendly a place!  Out here, I can relax and forget the madness that haunts the rest of the world.  Mona, oh Mona, how much longer can your green forests and blue, ocean moats protect us from that madness?”
Lumdon took Swalhawena’s hand while he kissed Juliet on the cheek.  “Let us not think of the insanity that creeps ever closer with its tangled web.  Tonight, let us live as if it were our last.  Together, we shall lie in quiet security.  Both of you I have fallen so deeply in love with.  To hold the two of you in my arms would be such a treasure for my heart.  Come, the night is well along.  Let us share our love as one in the quiet of summer’s peace.”
At that, the three stood up from the table and departed the room.

*   *   *

Governor Suetonius sat at a table, carefully reading the small scroll from Emperor Nero that Military Tribune Titus had delivered to him upon his arrival at Hengistbury Head.  He mused to himself as he read, making the occasional ‘hmm…’ or other indistinguishable sound or comment as he pondered over the text, which read, in part:
‘It is imperative that you exterminate the Druidic priesthood from the land.  Not one priest or priestess should remain alive in all the worlds of Britain.  The head of Merlin you are to deliver to Tribune Titus so that he will return it to me in Rome. There is no alliance with Britain or the peoples on the islands to the west.  Deliver Mona up to the sword and burn it with fire so than not a soul remains alive upon it.  To the wilderness let it return, so that desolate and barren of life it becomes.’
As Suetonius pondered Nero’s commands, he recalled an earlier letter recently delivered from his friend Seneca the Younger, personal counselor to the emperor, in which he wrote:
‘… Britain is ripe for the taking, a low-hanging fig that is pregnant with sweet wealth and riches.  I perceive that a man who acts swiftly and shrewdly will not only gain the praise of Rome, but secure wealth and prestige few will ever attain.  It is not only our loving ruler who desires the subjugation of these troublesome Brits.  There are other powers within and beyond Caesars’ house who wish for the same.  Should you act swiftly, the game will be yours.’
Looking up at Titus, who politely stood across the table, Suetonius waved the scroll toward him. “So it appears to me that you are here on business greater than that of a courier, attending to the personal demands of our emperor.”
Titus tipped his head in a polite bow, saluting, “My Lord, my orders were simple and direct.  I was to personally deliver these scripts and letters from the house of Rome into your hand, and then I was to return to the emperor’s house with whatever you might give to me, it not being revealed to me what that or those items might be.”
Suetonius slowly nodded as he studied the scroll, again mumbling to himself.  He finally stood, addressing Titus.  “Well, Tribune Titus, it appears that your journey has not yet come to its finish.  The prize I am to give you is not yet in my possession.  Tomorrow ,we will march to the west to retrieve it.  May I suggest that you prepare for an early departure on the morrow.  I will place two companies of my fighting engineers under your command.  Be prepared to leave at sunrise.”
Titus saluted again and quickly returned to his traveling companions who waited for him at the nearby barracks.  He soon brought them all up to speed, telling them to be at the ready to move out on the following sunrise.  He also offered Suetonius’ salutations to Julianus Severus, stating that the governor wished a visit be paid upon him at this night’s dinner.  In short order, Titus was mustering his two companies of soldiers while the remainder of his companions prepared for the coming day.

*    *    *

It was late afternoon the following day when an exhausted runner arrived at the oaken forest of Mistoten where Hilga Tomassie was camped, the moot hall of Mistoten a half league from there.  “My Goddess Queen Andred…” the runner panted, breathless, “I… I… have news… dreadful news!”
Hilga (Andred) told the man to sit and catch his breath.  “A moment more before I hear your tale will not bring the world’s ending.  Now sip this drink and relax a bit, then continue with your tale of woe.”
The man obediently sat and took a sip of the brew.  Then, as soon as may be, he began to tell Hilga about the governor sending an army off toward Mona, saying that rumor was the Roman army intended to invade and murder all those on Mona and then burn all the towns and dwellings to the ground.
Hilga’s face paled as she asked, “Are you sure of this account, that the Romans march against Mona?”
The man nodded, saying it was so.  “Just this last eve, I heard the officers speaking about the march as they drank the evening wine.  Shortly thereafter, a guard was placed all around the compound, orders being given that should any Brit be caught attempting to leave there, the person was to be executed on sight.  I, knowing a secret way out, escaped into the night and have been hurrying as fast as my feet could carry me to find you, oh Mother of Britain.”
Hilga was perplexed.  There was no reason for the Roman army to make a forced march across Britain to an unexceptional island that held no treasure and little wealth.  Something else was up, and it must be big if the governor was leading this assault.  This smelled of Hormaxian intrigues, but for what reason and why?  Mona was a neutral territory, forbidding any direct Hormaxian move against it.  Was Rome acting for the House of Hormax?  Likely…  Or was it of its own accord?  That she doubted.
In these woods, Hilga’s small speaking machine she had with her was useless, leaving her no quick way to warn her friends on Mona that the Romans were coming.  Helping the man to his feet, she handed him a flask of the brew he drank, asking of him, “Do you have the energy remaining to make another journey this day?  Dangerous it well may be, but so urgent it is!”
Feeling revived from the short rest and drink, the man said he was up to it.
“Good!  Good!” Hilga exclaimed.  “Can you ride a horse?”
“Yes.”
“Then harness mine up and go as fast as may be!  Ride it to its death, if necessary and hurry to Mona with the script I am to give you.  Place it in Merlin’s hand.  Will you do such a thing for me?”
The man bowed, acknowledging her request.  “Yes, my Goddess Queen.  Little it is that you are asking of me.  To the end of my life, I will do this for you.”
“Let us not wish for death but, in that spirit, I accept your offer.”  Hilga rested a hand on the man’s shoulder.  “May you ride with the speed of angels...”
No sooner was the man off and away than Hilga hurried down from the forest to the army encampment at Mistoten.  Once there, she went to have a word with Queen Boudica.  Ever since her torture and the rape of her daughters, Irene and Sophie, the woman had been fomenting war against the Romans.  Hilga, playing in the role of Andred, a person raised to the status of mother goddess over the Brits, had been busy attempting to stem the tide of war, understanding well that Britain was in no position to win in the long run against a determined Rome.

The dark of night found Hilga sitting on the ground before a hearth fire in a small tent made of animal hides, Boudica sitting on the floor across from her.  Hilga was explaining, “If you use the magic I have taught you, then the people will gather for war behind you, yet how successful you will be, I do not see.  Governor Suetonius is campaigning off to the west, his desire being to bring down and slay all the Druid priests, and then to exterminate all life on the island of Mona.  This I must try to stop and, with your help, might attain some success.”
Boudica grinned savagely.  “You need not ask me for assistance in bringing the Romans to a finish!  Already you have placed in my hand the weapons needed.  An army the likes of which Britain has never seen shall march upon the enemy.  We shall drive Rome into the sea, burning forever its memory from this land!”
Hilga frowned.  “Oh, queen over these people, do be careful!  True, large your army is, but not trained in the ways of the Romans.  Skilled they are, taught for years in all the arts of war, and practiced are their talents from the many battles and engagements they have experienced.  Not uncommon has it been for them to take on an army ten against their one, and yet come off victorious.”
“I fear them not!”  Boudica proclaimed.  “We shall drive them into the sea!”
Lifting a hand, palm up, Hilga announced, resigned, “I will not be with you in the coming battles.  Yes, I said ‘battles’, for one will not suffice, whether you win or lose this war.  Necessity calls me away from this upcoming conflict.  It will be only by your wit and wisdom that this war of yours will be fought.  But allow me, please, to give you this warning.  When your enemy faces you in combat, draw him into open country where your chariots and horsemen can make a ruining of him.  Do not…please, do not fight him on ground of his choosing!  Should you do so, then even you wagon circles will be of no comfort to you and a possible slaughter will occur against your people.  Remember, should you fail, then all of Britain may well fall to Rome!”
Boudica thumped her chest defiantly.  “I will not fail!  I and my people will drive Rome from our world, and burn all its memory from this land!”
Hilga bowed her head in sadness.  So often over the ages she had watched how pride and the desire for revenge would bring to ruin even the wisest and noblest of humankind.  That same fire blazed in Boudica’s eyes as the woman stared at her.  Hilga could only hope this woman would come to her senses, seeing that revenge does not heal a torn and scarred body, nor reduce the humiliation and torment from rape.  But no, she feared, Boudica would only feed revenge into a monstrous, blind fury, that fury growing with each victory she won against her antagonist, eventually leading to her own ruin.
Slowly standing, Hilga spoke before turning to leave.  “I will return to you as soon as may be, to lend support if I can.  That is, if you will it.”
Boudica stood, smiling respectfully.  “My Goddess Queen Andred, your presence beside me will be so comforting.  Please, if at all possible, return to me swiftly.”
Hilga promised to do the best she could then, like a shadow in the night, departed Boudica’s tent.

On a borrowed horse, Hilga made her way back to her camp in the Mistoten Forest, quickly gathering up her things then, along with her two Templar attendants, rode hard for her dwelling to the north, toward the hills of Scot.  There she would attempt to make contact with other Haudenosaunez who might be able to come to the aid of their companions on Mona.  She knew only of Lumdon’s presence there for sure, but feared that Swalhawena and Juliet might have already arrived, it being three days since their scheduled rendezvous to take in the joys of Mona in its early summer glory.  It was only a little, carefree gathering amongst friends and unannounced, the others of the Haudenosaunez not even aware of it.  Hilga must find a way to let them know, and quickly.
*    *    *

The first warning that trouble was afoot came from terrified refugees crossing over from the mainland to Mona.  Not only tales of woe did they have to tell, but many also carried the marks of Roman brutality.  Violence…murder, rape, and torture…meted out by the Romans as they advanced to the west were abhorrent and inexcusable.  Most people living on the lands through which Suetonius’ soldiers passed were quiet farmers and hunters, minding themselves in small communities and homesteads.  Those caught unaware were savagely murdered, the women suffering tremendous indignities before having their heads stove in, and their villages and homes burned to the ground.  Speed at which the Romans advanced was astonishing, considering the murdering and pillaging the army carried out along the way.
“Teach ‘em a lesson’, the governor says,” one aged veteran confessed long afterward.  “Well, we taught ‘em a lesson all right…one I wish I could forget!”
It was about this time that Hilga’s courier arrived on Mona.  Upon reading the message, Lumdon ordered Sacgrend, his son, and head over the half dozen Templar attendants on Mona to load up seven chests found on his estate and take them to Curdd.  “I do not know if a submarine boat will await you there or not.  I will attempt to make contact with someone.  If one does not appear, take a ship and leave for the isle of Insula Sacra.  Whatever the cost to you, do not allow these to fall into enemy hands!”
Sacgrend was a man in his seventies, but looked to be little more than thirty.  He reached out, taking hold of Lumdon’s arm, protesting, “Father, if there is a fight afoot, I would rather stay here beside you!  My sword will deliver a hundred of that rabble to the pit before my strength wearies and I fall!  Please, let me remain beside you.”
Lumdon brushed his hand through Sacgrend’s hair.  “My son, one battle does not a war make, and I am not certain there will be a battle here, on this island.  You are a skilled warrior and craftsman, your uncle Rae having taught you well in the mechanics of submarining.  Whatever happens here, your skills are far too valuable to lose.”
At that moment, Juliet and Swalhawena entered the room.  Lumdon looked over to see them, telling Sacgrend, “And make sure these two souls escape from here!  We can’t afford to lose them, either.”
Swalhawena piped up, “I will do no such thing!  Together we live and together we die!  If you do not seek escape, then neither will I!”
Juliet agreed.  “Together we will stay or leave.”
Lumdon shrugged, “You know that I cannot leave my people, my children.  Still, I am not your lord and cannot force the issue with you.”  He looked at Sacgrend.  “But you?  I can demand that you do my will, your ancient fathers placing their sons and daughters under our yoke until Atlantis rises again.”
Sacgrend was not at all pleased.  “You speak as though this may be the final battle for the freedom of this world.  I insist that I and my sons remain here to protect what freedom yet remains in it!”
Smiling, Lumdon replied, “Brave you are, Sacgrend the Bold, having won that name by more than mere contest.  Yet boldness is not always standing the battle line.  At times, boldness is to do what the mind speaks while the heart cries out for a different road taken.  Now come, take the things I have gathered up for you to take and go, also, and take up your women folk and men folk, from your eldest sons to those giving suck, and go to Curdd so that all of you may make escape.  Do this tonight, when the dark of the moon is upon the land, so that the crowds do not see you leave.”
“Please, father…”  Sacgrend begged.
“No, my son…” Lumdon replied. “Not this time.  Tomorrow you will find another battle.  Then you must decide your fate, but not this day.  My son, your blood is far too valuable to lose on such a pitiable contest!  Child born from the Templars who rode beside Javan, king of Dodanim, you are, also with the blood of Good King Philip.  The greatest of Dragons he was, and yet more.  The seed of the witch queen, Noahashonie, you are, and even Serah, though it was many long generations ago.  And I have enriched your blood once more with that of the Elkhorn.  A truer seed of Hormax would be hard to find in this day and age, and yet that is what makes your blood so valuable.
“This war must go on all the way to its end.  Such a long time it is from now.  Your seed must prevail down to that time so that the coming king of Atlantis will have at his side a warrior army he can trust to support him.  You must make this happen.”
He patted a very dismayed Sacgrend on the shoulder.  “You have been saved in the blood of Wisdom.  As long as you remain on the true and noble road, your destiny is assured.  Beside your goddess queen, Aphrodite, you will stand in the days of coming fury, but not in this realm.”  He sighed, looking down at the floor.  “But this you already know.”  Looking back into his son’s eyes, Lumdon beseeched Sacgrend, “Please, do what I have asked of you as one man to another.  It is so important for me to know that you and all your children live.  Leave this land and go with Rae.  Serve him as you have served me.”
Sacgrend fell upon his father’s neck, weeping, promising to do as he had been requested.  That night, as the darkness of the moon fell over the countryside, sixty-eight souls took up their journey to Curdd.  In three days, they would find themselves out to sea in a tiny, single-masted whaling ship with a small crew of men who wore peculiar clothing and spoke an unrecognized language.  The next night, strange lights could be seen by distant fishing crews, fearing some great sea monster was about.  The following morning, an abandoned whaling vessel would be found adrift in open waters, another ghost ship tale for this strange and mystic sea.

*    *    *

News came to Lumdon a few days hence that the Romans had arrived on the eastern shore across from Mona, setting up camp.  A large company of Brits had escaped to the island, in hopes of finding protection there.  Included among them was a vast crowd of Druid priests and their Bandorai womenfolk.
DesDore, a chief over many of the Druid priests, told Lumdon that he believed the waters between Mona and the mainland would protect them from any serious attack.  “No boats or pontoons have the Romans brought with them.  And any boats or wood to build boats with has been destroyed.  Safe we should be here, at least until a peace we can attain with Governor Suetonius.”  DesDore was mistaken, for Suetonius had with him timbers and canvas to build small barges to transport his troops and supplies across the Straits of Menai.
Lumdon, well aware of the reality of matters, responded, “The governor has not arrived across from us by accident.  He is intent on carrying out the will of Nero, and that is to exterminate the Druid religion from this world.  Britain, alone, yet holds to these teachings of freedom and independence.  It does not bode well to have a people crying freedom when Rome wishes their enslavement.”  He looked out over the eastern waters.  “Few are the boats he will need to make a crossing.  Spies of your own race have revealed the secret pathways through those waters when the tide is low.  No, he only waits now for an opportune time to do so.”  He turned to DesDore.  “Better it is that you and yours make escape if possible than to remain here and be slaughtered, for that is what Suetonius intends to do with all who wear the tattoos and robes of the Druid religion.”
“And what of you, Merlin?” DesDore asked.  “You have not left this land.  What magic do you intend to use against the rabble?”
Lumdon smiled sadly, “I have no magic with the power to defeat this enemy host, other than a mouth to speak entreaties with.  My hope is to parley, to save what lives I might through negotiation.”
“The Devil does not negotiate!” DesDore exclaimed.  “Nor his word can a man trust!  Those snakes across the waters are no better than he, and cannot be trusted at all!”
“Correct you are, my friend,” Lumdon replied. “But try I must.”  He grasped DesDore’s arms.  “Do me a favor, please.  It is more important than you may understand.  Take from my rooms the scrolls you hold as sacred.  There is a small boat that I have hidden in a cove not far from here.  Take your womenfolk, Zella and Freda, and your little ones, along with my apprentices, Julipe and Marginee, and make escape to Insula Sacra.  There, in the city of Dandiport, you are to find an old sailor of dark skin named ‘Bojeschie’.  All the people there know of him.  Give to him the script that I will write for you.  He will know what to do.  This is very important to me, so important.  Will you do this, please?”
After a great deal of protest, DesDore relented, promising to do this for the great Merlin.  The two men then hurried away to Lumdon’s estate.  By mid afternoon, DesDore had set sail with his family and Lumdon’s two apprentices.  In time, he would meet up with Bojeschie who would find him and his berths aboard an Atlantean trading ship going into the west.  Upon his arriving in the lands of Meric, he would be greeted by Tuosolmerica.  There, in that new world, he would share with the inhabitants of the land Merlin’s teachings regarding peace and freedom.

Lumdon and his companion Haudenosaunez busied themselves, preparing for the invasion of Mona.  There was no escape for them or any of the many thousands who had fled here, seeking protection from the advancing enemy.  So it was that able-bodied people were gathered together for battle, the Druid priests and Bandorai out front, in the lead.  Lumdon hoped this show of force might dissuade the Romans from carrying out their intended genocide.  He knew that when Suetonius made his move, it would be swift, in hopes of catching the people unprepared.

On the second morning after his arrival upon the scene, the governor struck out at Mona’s defenders, his cavalry crossing in the early darkness at low tide.  The infantry boarded in quickly-constructed wood and canvas barges to make the island.  By morning light, a strong bridgehead had already been attained by the Romans.  There was some sporadic fighting along the shores and from a few archers hiding in the wooded hedges beyond, but soon a major part of Suetonius’ forces had crossed over to Mona’s shores.
As the Romans advanced from the shores into the wooded countryside and across open fields, they came into view of their opposing host’s army, some thousands strong.  Out in front of the throng stood the Druid chieftains.  With them were hundreds of Bandorai flitting about through the crowds with lit torches, crying out in the old languages words of encouragement to the waiting warriors.  Impressive the sight was, to say the least, enough so that a dread began filling the hearts of the Roman invaders.  Suetonius, with Titus at his side, stepped out in front of his soldiers, his speech encouraging his men, steeling them for battle.
It was at this time, when Suetonius and his leading officers stood out in front of the army, that three people stepped out from the opposing ranks, walking into the field toward the Romans.  Stopping at hailing distance, the man among the three called out to the governor, asking for a parley.  After taking quick counsel, Suetonius and Titus, along with about two dozen officers and guards, advanced to within about spear shot of the three people addressing them.  When they came to a stop in the field, the woman on the man’s right spoke up, calling out to someone in Suetonius’ company in a language known only to those in the Hormaxian priesthood.  As if struck a blow, Julianus bolted back, his face going ashen.
Suetonius looked with surprise at Julianus and then over at the woman, asking, “What is all this jabber about?”
The woman responded, “I asked this girly whore if his husbandly overlord high warlock, Balbinus, believes that by passing the curse over to you, he truly believes he can escape Hell’s wrath.”
Suetonius studied the woman carefully as she spoke.  So familiar she looked.  He had see her somewhere before.  He called back, asking, “What curse that threatens us?”
“You, oh Governor, you are well aware that it was long ago agreed between the warlocks who rule over the worlds of men and the necromancers who hold back the winds of God’s coming fury that this island is sacred territory!’ the woman cried out. “I have told the slave-girly man, Julianus, that he and High Warlock Balbinus will not escape the wrath coming upon anyone intruding upon this land.  You, too, will not escape this plague, one that will come upon you and Rome, should you not depart and leave this land now!”
Suetonius was paying little attention to what was being said, finally recognizing the woman speaking.  “Lady Tobanahazz,” he exclaimed, “and Lady Drakous!  So surprised to see you here, but pleased, very pleased...”
Juliet eyed Suetonius.  “Governor Paulinus, as you are well aware, Mona is neutral territory.  Your presence here is unwelcomed and illegal!  I respectfully request that you take your army and leave this island.”
Suetonius laughed derisively, “What is such a refined filly doing here with these beastly people?  Are you one of these necromancers who hold back the winds of some god’s coming fury?  I am come to this retched place by the will and command of the emperor.  You are a subject of Rome and thus in no position to tell an agent of Nero what to do.”
Swalhawena spoke up.  “Necromancers we are, agents of the Supreme Being.  If you and your companion, Julianus, girly priestess to High Warlock Balbinus, do not wish to play with the fire of Hyhoset again as you did at TuWaTayao, I recommend that you leave this place the way you have come!”
Staring over at Julianus, who stood there visibly shaken, Suetonius quickly masked his shock and surprise as these revelations, asking Swalhawena, “Lady Drakous, if Witch Hyhoset has a mouth, let her speak for herself.  Or has she sent her two underlings to do her dirty work?!”
Lumdon now addressed Suetonius.  “We have not awaited you this day for war.  We wish no harm for anyone.  We ask only that you honor the longstanding agreement that makes this island neutral territory.  There is to be no warfare carried on here.”
Waving a hand toward the distant throng of opposing warriors, Suetonius asked, half mocking, “So what do you call your bodyguard, Merlin, ‘ambassadors of peace’?”
Lumdon answered, “Any man or woman has the right to defend one’s life.  You come here not with the intent to capture the land for Roman domination.  Had this been the only case, these people would not be standing in resistance to you.  But you are intent on the murder of these people and the destruction of this land!  For this reason, these people stand against you.”
Suetonius believed he had the upper hand.  Whoever these three people were, they had a soft spot for the ignorant rabble on this island.  He could use this to his advantage.  He made an offer to them.  “I will consider all the things you have spoken to me.  But this we should do in conference, not here, standing as enemies at each other’s throats, but across a table.  There we can discuss matters in a fair and respectable way.”
Seeing the deceit on Suetonius’ face, Swalhawena chided, asking, “So the wolf asks the sheep to peacefully settle a dispute by having the sheep enter into the wolf’s den?!  Do not take us for such simple fools!”
Suetonius lifted his hands high, palms up as he glanced about.  “Now come, come, already my archers could have kilt you all should mere murder have been my desire.  No, no indeed, this matter must be settled diplomatically and fairly, as good Romans always have done.  Unless you wish for slaughter this day, I suggest you come to the table with me and parley there.”
Lumdon and the two women looked around.  It became obvious that they or possibly just Lumdon had been the prize all along.  Throughout the Roman camp, they could see archers with long range bows and others with loaded ballistas at the ready, waiting upon a signal.  Little would be their chance of escape.  Yet, had it only been their deaths, why did Suetonius not carry out the attack already?  Then there were the thousands of women and little ones that would not be able to flee unharmed should the Romans break their battle line.  Better it was to risk the parley with the Romans than throw everything into the fire without any hope at all.
Juliet spoke up for the three.  “We shall trust you at your honorable word, Governor, and sit down with you to discuss this matter.”
Suetonius smiled, lifting his hand, palm out.  Remembering Hyhoset and her knife, he requested, “One more thing before you approach.  Too much I have learned about you witches. Disrobe, all of you, and leave your clothing on the field.  No weapon dare I chance you carry to this peaceful gathering.”
Seeing they had no other choice, the three complied.  Rescue had not yet materialized, it being a fool’s hope that Rae might arrive before combat began, their cry for help only going out the day before, when invasion became certain.  Juliet removed her ankle blade, leaving it with her other garments, as did Swalhawena with her assassin weapons.  After this, they made their way toward Suetonius’ camp, his soldiers quickly gathering up the clothing and weapons on the ground.
Walking alongside Lumdon, a Roman guard just behind on each side of his ‘guest’, Suetonius merrily chatted on about little, nonsensical matters, Lumdon remaining silent.  He and the others knew something was up, but were unable to determine what it might be.  Their hope now was to stall for time so that rescue might arrive to save these thousands of innocent refugees from certain annihilation.  Rescue for themselves was dismal at best, they being such great prizes.  Bound and locked up in a prison wagon on their way to Rome was what they expected they would face.  Their rescue would have to wait.
Juliet and Swalhawena trod toward the Roman battle line, their officer guards staying close.  No more had they passed through the first ranks of soldiers than the sound of battle horns shattered the relative quiet, quickly followed by Roman commanders shouting for the army to advance.  Swalhawena turned her head when she heard a commotion behind her, just in time to see Lumdon tumbling forward, a guard behind him holding Juliet’s bloodied knife.  Her scream was cut short by a club to the side of her head, she and Juliet falling to the ground together, unconscious.

The battle engagement did not go quite the way Suetonius anticipated.  Many of the Druid priests and priestesses were well taught in the arts of Roman combat.  They carried not weapons commonly used by the Brits, but long, slender spears thrown by short rods that extended the killing range.  The Druids also did not attack, but waited for the Romans to come close, using extra long pikes to slow the enemy and help break up their formations.  Gradually, and with resolute determination, the Brits gave ground, constantly drawing their enemy forward in an attempt to break up their formation.  When such a break in the line occurred, archers would send their arrows into those vulnerable openings.  All the while, women and children were being herded off, away from the fighting.
Slowly, the Romans gained the high ground, both sides taking about equal losses.  After the Roman army had advanced about a mile, the Druid priests gave a command for the bulk of the army to retire to another rise some mile’s distance, all the while impeding the forward movement of the Roman line.  Suetonius was surprised to see how well-coordinated this defense was, knowing that other forces were at work here.  No British army had ever conducted combat in such a way as this!  Had it been so, Rome would have never conquered Britain.  He was becoming aware that this battle might not go as he imagined.
About this time, Julianus made his way to the top of a rise where he could see Merlin’s estate.  Suddenly, in a giant eruption of fire and black smoke, the entire complex was incinerated.  Whatever secrets might be hiding there were gone forever.  This Hormaxian would gain no benefit from this excursion into the wild lands of Mona.  A sudden chill swept up Julianus’ back.  These people of the Haudenosaunez appeared far different from those described to him by the high lord.  The high lord?  His death was as certain now as if it were already done.  No man was to know the name of the high lord and live.  Yet the witch women knew, but how?  As a feeling of dread began filling his heart, Julianus slowly turned back toward the camp and its prisoners.
By now, the battle was stalling, Suetonius’ lead elements too exhausted to continue an effective fight.  He called a halt to their attack, allowing the surviving enemy holding the line against them opportunity to retreat to distant hills.  Why waste any more of his men in this futile battle when he could bring up the trebuchets and ballistas from the beach and barges?  The day was late.  Tomorrow at first light would be soon enough to push the enemy.  Then he would hammer their defensive lines to pieces before committing his soldiers to the contest!  Now he would give his soldiers some rest and take care of other, unfinished business.

Juliet woke with a shock from a bucket of cold seawater thrown on her.  As she came to, the woman found that she was lying on her belly on hard-packed ground, her hands tied securely behind her at the wrists.  Through a blinding headache, she could see Swalhawena lying on the ground, bound the same as she.  Blood oozed from a ghastly wound on the side of Swalhawena’s face and mouth.  Her jaw was broken and, if not for the occasional moan, Juliet would have believed the woman dead.  Where was Lumdon?  Looking about as best she could, Juliet was unable to see.
Soldiers milling about the camp suddenly quieted, many snapping to attention as someone approached.  Suetonius walked up to his two captives, smiling, offering a mocking welcome.  “Well, well, Ladies Tobanahazz and Drakous, are you enjoying our Roman hospitality?  It’s not quite the comforts that you might be accustomed to in the city, but it’s the best we can do for you, considering the circumstances.”
Juliet said nothing and Swalhawena was too groggy to respond.
He clasped his hands together.  “I am so disappointed that you have chosen to support our enemy.  Or are they your kindred?  Whatever…  This empire is held together by laws and rules.  What you have done warrants a small punishment for your little act of sedition.”
Two soldiers grabbed hold of Juliet’s arms, two other soldiers doing the same to Swalhawena.  Pulling them to their feet and, half dragging them, they took the women over to a large oak tree.  After tossing ropes over a low limb, they tied the ropes to the women at their wrists.  As Juliet and Swalhawena cried out in agony, soldiers heaved on the ropes, hauling the women up into the air until their feet dangled some distance above the ground.  Through tears of pain from her arms being yanked up behind her, Juliet looked across the encampment to see Lumdon’s lifeless body splayed on the ground where soldiers had unceremoniously dumped him.  She began to weep, looking over at Swalhawena, knowing how deeply she and Lumdon loved each other.  Swalhawena was too damaged to notice anything other than the torturing agony she was experiencing.
Suetonius began to slowly pace in circles around the women.  “You have violated the laws of Rome and, considering the lofty positions we Romans have permitted you women to have in our gracious company, must be punished accordingly for committing these crimes against the state.”
He called over two burly soldiers, each carrying a thin, wooden rod.  Gazing at the women, Suetonius declared, “For each of you, sixty strokes you are to receive for your revolt against Rome.”  At that, he ordered the punishment to begin.
After he watched the first dozen or so strokes that bruised and bloodied flesh while cracking ribs, the women being caned indiscriminately, Suetonius commented to an officer, “I must return to the island to see about the coming morrow’s arrangements.  When this punishment is finished, take that rabble down and give them a night with the men.  Poor chaps haven’t had any fun for awhile.  Then, in the morning, toss them in the prison wagon along with Merlin and head out for Hengistbury Head.”  He waved a hand. “Take that Julianus and his two spooks along with you!  They give me the jitters.  Better it is to have them away from here!”
The officer snapped to attention, saluting.  “Yes, my Lord General, this will be done exactly as you say.”
“Good!  Good!”  Suetonius slapped the officer on the shoulder.
As Suetonius left the camp, the officer looked down at the wondrous knife he had obtained from that Juliet creature, its shimmering blade mesmerizing him as he gazed upon it.  He had reworked its sheath so that it could be proudly worn at his side.  Sunlight glinting off its polished surface caught Juliet’s glance, her icy stare boring into the officer’s eyes, sending an uneasy chill down the man’s back.

*    *   *

As morning light broke across the fields to the west of the Roman lines, it revealed a nearly empty enemy encampment on the distant rise.  Suetonius’ lead elements moving into those fields were met with a smattering of flaming arrows that splattered burning pitch in every direction when hitting helm and shield, the Brits quickly withdrawing to more distant positions.  Though rarely fatal, the shock and severe pain the flaming pitch created when landing on exposed flesh or sticking to burnished armor, making it blistering hot, created a great deal of consternation and confusion within the ranks and even among the cavalry units as they attempted to advance across the uneven and broken ground.  To add to the cavalry’s difficulties, countless small pits had been dug the night before, many of their horses stepping into them suffering broken legs or stabbed with sharpened spikes.
When Suetonius’ cavalry finally did reach the enemy positions, they were met with a volley of flaming arrows from the Druidic warrior priests and priestesses who, after releasing a half dozen or so volleys, mounted their own horses and galloped away, leaving the field to the Romans.  This kind of rearguard stalling action went on throughout the morning, past midday.  The governor was compelled to hold his cavalry back, waiting upon his infantry and heavy weapons, knowing that although able to break the enemy line with a storming charge, without the infantry there to quickly follow up, the action might well prove meaningless.
And his cavalry?  Although casualties among the troopers had been light, it was a different story for the horses.  Already, several score of their mounts were down or maimed.  Out of frustration, twice Suetonius had sent several companies of his precious cavalry out in an attempt to get behind the enemy army, to attack them from the rear or to ride helter-skelter among the escaping throngs.  Both times they failed, the surrounding forest filled with waiting enemy hiding amidst the trees. When a large contingent of cavalry had managed to make it around to the rear of the enemy, it was no longer the rear, for the enemy was already retreated back to another range of hills.
Frustrating?  Yes, but this was still only a delaying action by the Brits as far as Suetonius was concerned.  His soldiers had taken two miles of terrain by midday.  The Brits were going to run out of ground and could not indefinitely maintain a retreat.  Eventually, they would be forced to stand and fight.  It was only a matter of time before they would have to face the might of his army.  Still, their way of combat was far different from the wild and often reckless way the eastern Brits fought.  Well disciplined and well led this enemy here must be, surprising considering that most were people recently chased away from the mainland.  Who were these Druids anyway, both the men and women being fierce and well-trained warriors?
By evening, Suetonius called a halt for the day, his army situated on the crown of a series of high hillocks that looked off to the west and north.  Despite their constant harassment and the fording of rivers and streams, they had made over eight miles that day.  Suetonius ordered double the number of pickets forward while sending a contingent of his cavalry out to protect against a nighttime flanking attack.  Tonight he would allow his army to rest on their shields where they stopped and, at dawn’s light, send them forward on the double quick.  This might well give the Romans a surprise advantage.  The evening fires of the enemy on the distant rises were already beginning to light the sky, meaning they were settling down for the night, preparing to meet their foe on the morrow.  ‘Well,’ Suetonius thought, ‘we will be on them before they have waked in their tents!’

*    *    *

Juliet woke to the jolt of the prison wagon coming to a sudden stop as the teamster shouted to the horses while pulling hard on their reins.  Little of the previous day’s events did she remember after being hauled up by her wrists and beaten with the scourge.  Her night-long raping and additional beatings were little more than foggy and disjointed memories.  What did linger was a tormenting, painful agony.  The woman’s belly burned as though on fire and her shoulders cried out in searing torment, their muscles and tendons ripped and torn from their bones.  Her hands, legs and feet she could not feel at all.  With a parched mouth, through dry and cracked lips, she quietly called out to Swalhawena.
Swalhawena lay next to Juliet, bound and battered the same as she was, the woman’s hands already turned a dark blue from lack of circulation.  Swalhawena slowly opened her eyes, looking over at her companion through a distant gaze.  With a quiet moan, she closed them again, heaving one last breath.  Juliet began to softly weep.

*    *    *

In the morning gray of dawn, Suetonius’ army was up and moving, seeing smoke from enemy fires lazily wafting skyward, but all was strangely quiet.  As they moved forward in the lifting darkness, a few of the lead elements of infantry fell prey to the occasional man traps dug by the enemy, but still there was no activity to be seen in the distant camps.  Down into the depths of the valley and up the other side the infantry quickly marched, maintaining silence within the ranks.  Then, at about twenty rods from the makeshift barrier the enemy had built, the order to charge was given.  A thousand yelling soldiers bolted forward only to find empty parapets and an abandoned camp.  The Brits had slipped out of their emplacements during the night, leaving a small contingent of people behind to tend the fires and make camp noises until they, too, departed just before morning light.
Suetonius was livid, releasing a torrent of vile oaths and curses.  For three days and nights, his soldiers had marched and slept in battle formation, had been constantly harassed by defending archers hiding in the blinds, and now had marched at a tiring double quick only to attack abandoned encampments.  Sending his cavalry to scout ahead, he ordered his infantry to break for a morning meal.  When rested a bit, he would send them over the rise.  Mona was not a large island, and the enemy was running out of places to retreat.  Soon they would be forced to take a stand.
Escape?  Yes, there was no escape for these troublesome Brits and their Druidic leaders.  Holyhead would prove no place of sanctuary for escapees from Mona.  Any day now, Suetonius’ Roman fleet of a dozen warships would appear on Mona’s horizon, bringing a thousand hardened soldiers and sailors to Holyhead’s shores.  It was only a matter of time before he crushed and annihilated the enemy rabble and their Druidic leaders!

(Author’s note…Although Tacitus and other Roman historians would write about Suetonius’ crushing victory over the inhabitants of Mona and the destruction of the Druid priests, far from the truth this would be.  It would take another invasion some fifteen years in the future for Rome to make the claim that Mona had been subjugated and the Druid cult vanquished, something Suetonius would have no part in accomplishing.)

Late in the day, the Romans reached the slopes of a long, gradual rise where they could see the bulk of the Druidic army gathered some miles to the west.  Suetonius grinned in satisfaction, knowing they were less than five miles from the sea, its salty breeze filling his nostrils.  It was obvious to the governor that the Brits were preparing to make their last stand here.  So foolish, seeing that the ground was flat, with a gentle, westward rising slope and open countryside roundabout, excellent for his cavalry to maneuver in.
Bringing up his heavy weapons while spreading out his infantry into a mile-wide line, two ranks deep, Suetonius ordered his cavalry to advance and make flanking attacks on both sides of the opposing army.  As soon as his cavalry departed, he ordered his first rank of infantry forward on a slow march, the heavy weapons being pulled along behind by draft animals.
Somewhat to his surprise, the wild Brits did not break ranks and attack down the sloping field toward his army, but held behind their line of boulders and logs.  Then, much to his bewilderment and dismay, Suetonius watched as his flanking cavalry charges were slowed and then halted before they reached the enemy.  Staring into the enemy ranks, he saw dozens of tiny puffs of smoke, followed by distant crackling, thundering noises.  Riding his horse just behind the leading rank of infantry, the governor could clearly watch the battle some half mile away.  Without obvious reason, several of the horses began to fall dead or injured.  Few of the riders appeared to be hurt, but the decimation of their mounts was apparent.  What was this all about?
In a few minutes, a cavalry office charged up to Suetonius in wild excitement.  He cried, after saluting, “General, something is killing our horses!  Men and women in strange clothing holding long staffs that make smoke and loud noises send magic against us.  Seeing no arrow or spear, our horses cry out and fall to the ground, blood pouring from holes in their bodies.  We cannot even come close, for their magic kills from a distance beyond which our arrows cannot even reach!”
As the officer spoke, Suetonius watched another dozen horses tumble to the ground.  “Get the cavalry out of there!” he shouted.  “We’ll pummel them with our heavy weapons in short order, and then advance the infantry!”  The Governor shook a fist, cursing, “Damn her!  Damn all the Haudenosaunez!  They will not defeat me!”
Seeing that the Brits were not moving out to attack, Suetonius brought his heavy weapons to within about a furlong of the enemy’s front line, placing his infantry at the ready to attack on his orders.  Before the ballistas and trebuchets went into action, several dozen helmed soldiers rode out into the fields in front of the Brits’ infantry line.  Dressed in leather and furs covered with burnished armor and chainmail and carrying long staffs, the mounted soldiers stopped some twenty paces out from the Brits’ line and, with a cry, lifted their long staffs toward the sky.  Upon lowering them, a single, commanding voice called out an order in a language not understood by the Romans.  En mass, the body of soldiers pointed their staffs toward the Roman line.  At another shouted command, a great eruption of lightning-like fire spewed from the staffs, blasting great holes in the earth or smashing into the heavy weapons.
Upon command, the process was repeated, this time the front line of infantry being the target of the riders’ attack.  Great geysers of earth, smoke, and rock hurled skyward in front of the infantry line, causing men in the lead elements to panic.  Few were the casualties among the Roman soldiers, most of the explosive lightning falling short of their lines.  To prevent a rout, Suetonius recalled those soldiers on the double quick, pulling back his entire army about another furlong, all the while fearing an enemy counterattack, but it did not come.
With Suetonius were about one thousand lightly armed and armored auxiliaries.  He was preparing to march them forward to make a charging run toward the enemy when a breathless rider galloped up to him.  “My Lord General!” the courier cried as he reined in his horse.  “News…most important news from the east for you!”
He handed the governor a hastily written script from General Quintus Cerialis, begging Suetonius’ support in repelling Queen Boudica’s uprising.  ‘Already Camulodunum burns! I am rushing to its aid this very hour.  Without your support, I fear a terrible loss will arrive upon us, Boudica having raised the ire of all the eastern tribes.  Please come to our aid as quickly as may be possible.’ 
Suetonius cursed, swearing vile, empty threats against Hyhoset and her witching hordes.  What was he to do now?  Even if he could manage to break the back of this rabble crowd at his front, it would take days to accomplish it.  Days he did not have if he was to hope a rescue of Camulodunum and other provincial cities.  Yet he dared not leave off the contest here with an entire British army remaining at his back.
If what General Quintus wrote was correct, time was of the essence.  Quintus could not hold off the whole of the Iceni clans and their allied tribes if their revolt was in earnest.  Suetonius must act quickly, if he was to be of any assistance at all.  A plan was developing in his mind that might just allow him to give the Brits the slip while feigning continued pursuit.  A stalling action at best, but it might just work.
Calling Tribune Titus over to him, Suetonius instituted the first part of his plan.  Titus was to take command of one cohort of five hundred soldiers of his XIV Legio along with two hundred auxiliaries and two companies of cavalry, staying behind as a threatening presence in front of the enemy while the governor and the remainder of the army did a forced march overnight to make for the boats and the mainland.  While all this was taking place, Suetonius was sending out several squads of horsemen throughout the captured countryside to burn all the villages and farms they could.
Command was then given for his front line of soldiers, who were still skittish from the day’s earlier fighting, to pass through the second line and take up the march in the lead for the eastern shore of Mona.  The second line held its position until nightfall, waiting upon the retreat of the remainder of the army before departing, leaving Titus and his soldiers who were acting as a rear guard.  Throughout the following day and well into that night, Titus stayed his battle line on the field about a mile back from the enemy, the Brits not attempting any offensive action.  By this time, Suetonius was on the beach with his soldiers, making haste to cross back over to the eastern shores and get on the road toward Hengistbury Head.
Titus played his game of fooling the enemy into thinking the bulk of Suetonius’ army was still on Mona for four more days.  In the meantime, the horse cavalry managed to cover a vast amount of the island, seeing that most of its inhabitants had fled, burning and destroying its towns and farms.  Although this action prevented Suetonius’ army from being attacked from the rear, it also did not allow Titus and his complement of soldiers opportunity to participate in the final battle between Boudica and Suetonius. Titus did not join up with the governor until two days after it was over.

*    *    *

The admiral over the Roman fleet of a dozen war galleys was some twenty miles south of Holyhead when several stout, three-masted sailing ships could be seen moving toward them.  Signaling the others to follow, the admiral’s ship, along with the three lead ships, took to the oars for the opposing ships in hopes of engaging them in battle.  They were little less than half a mile from their opponents, their adversaries having continued on the same course when first spotted, when off to the admiral’s port, the furthest Roman battle galley suddenly exploded in fire and smoke, splitting in two while flinging bodies into the sea.  No sooner had the galley sunk beneath the waves than the other galley off to the admiral’s port also erupted in fire and smoke, splitting apart while casting its crew into the sea before sinking.
“Hold all oars!” the admiral screamed.  “Hold all oars!”
With oars up, the galley slowly came to a halt, and then began to aimlessly drift on the breeze toward the east.  Upon seeing the admiral’s ship raising it oars, the remainder of the fleet did the same.  While the galleys drifted toward the east, the enemy tall ships continued on their course toward the south, their sails billowing in the breeze, coming within fifty yards of the floundering crews.
The admiral stared dumbly at the ships as they passed him by, their crews paying the Romans little attention.  What was this all about?  And what or whose were the strange and colorful silver ensigns with a white swan surrounded by seven golden stars painted upon the ships’ main sails?  The ships moved on, not faltering in their course.
After the tall ships had long departed, the admiral signaled the other nearby galleys to accompany him in rescuing any surviving soldiers and crew they might.  When the rescue operation was completed, the admiral prepared to give an order to continue north to Holyhead.  An outlook suddenly shouted that something could be seen up ahead in the waters.  Looking toward the north, the admiral and his deck crew could see something black sticking out of the sea, moving toward the south and west at a chilling speed.
Someone screamed, “Sea monster!”
Making no reply to the terrified seaman crying out such a warning, the admiral ordered his ship about on the double, the other remaining galleys doing the same.  The sea monster, or whatever the thing might be, did not follow in pursuit.  Thus ended the attempted invasion of Holyhead by Suetonius’ Roman fleet.

*   *   *

As the teamster busied himself harnessing up the horses, a sudden, white light flashed across the road ahead of him, instantly followed by a deafening explosion, filling the road with smoke and fire.  When the smoke cleared, to the astonishment of the petrified teamster, the forward supply wagon lay scattered in pieces across the shaded roadway, its horses torn asunder in their traces.  Stepping onto the roadway were a dozen men and women dressed in leather and furs covered with burnished armor, and wearing helms of iron while brandishing long staffs pointed in his direction.
The sergeant of the guard shouted for his men who came on the run while still strapping on swords and armor.  There was an ear-shattering crash of thunder as fire and smoke belched from the long staffs.  Half a dozen soldiers fell to the ground, many mortally wounded.  In seconds, the staffs were raised again and pointed toward the remaining, bewildered soldiers standing beside their fallen comrades.  Ka-boom!  Again smoke and fire erupted, and more men fell to the ground, dead.  Shouts came from the surrounding woods along with more thunders, as commands in Latin sounded for the Roman soldiers to throw down their weapons.
Two men stepped out from the others, young in appearance, but obviously the leaders among this group of strangely attired wizards, for wizards they must be.  Brushing past the surrendered soldiers, the two men hurried to the prison wagon.  One of the men looked around, shouting, “Who has the key for this?!”  The terrified teamster motioned that he carried it.  “Open this up, you fool, or die where you stand!”
With shaking hands, the man fumbled with the lock as he struggled to open it, finally succeeding.  A rough hand grabbed the teamster by the shirt cuff, pulling him away from the wagon and shoving him to the ground beside some other prisoners.  Crawling up into the wagon, the first man went to Lumdon and then checked Swalhawena, while the second man went to assist Juliet.
After cutting her bands free, the second man rolled Juliet over.  The woman still lived, but was badly broken.  The man leaned close, speaking softly in Juliet’s ear.  “My Lady…Lady Tobanahazz, it’s Baalath.  Can you hear me?”
Juliet moaned, her eyes fluttering, the woman attempting to lift her head.
“No…no, don’t move,” Baalath told Juliet, placing a tender hand on her chest.  He then asked one of the men standing outside the caged wagon to fetch some water.  “Here…” he lifted Juliet’s head, “drink some of this.”
Juliet managed to take a sip or two.  Baalath then gently took her up in his arms, carrying her toward the opened door of the wagon where other hands awaited her.  After placing the woman on a litter and wrapping her up in heavy furs, Baalath bent down on a knee to offer some comfort.  “Eden awaits you this very hour.  The surgeons know of your coming, providing whatever assistance they might.  Our angelic brothers have been in such a worry over you and the others!”
Juliet roused enough to tell Baalath what happened, the man’s face clouding with anger when informed about Lumdon’s murder and her and Swalhawena’s defiling tribulations by this accursed people.  He stood, directing the stretcher bearers, “Take the Lady to the ship, quickly now, so that life will remain within her.”
Turning to BondaBoor, who had just stepped down from the wagon, tears filling his eyes, Baalath asked about the others.  Wiping a hand across his face to clear away tears, he said that both Lumdon and Swalhawena were passed away.  “Nothing to be done for them now but to give them rest in Eden until the final horn blows.”
With the assistance of some others, Lumdon’s and Swalhawena’s bodies were removed from the wagon and wrapped in furs before being taken along to the waiting ship where Juliet already was.
Baalath rested a hand on BondaBoor’s shoulder.  “Go with them, my friend.  See they receive a proper celebration into death.  I will join you later, if possible, but I have other business to conclude here first.”
BondaBoor, too choked up to speak, only nodded as he fought back more tears.  Soon a whirring sound filled the forest, gradually fading away as the ship passed through the secret gate into Eden’s world.  Baalath then had the commanding officer delivered to him.
Their faces nearly touching, Baalath spat, asking, “So, little man, what accounting do you have for yourself?!”
The officer leaned back in fear, seeing the Angel of Death aglow in Baalath’s eyes.  “I…I was only obeying the orders of my commander!  Only his orders…”
“And who was that?!” Baalath snarled, already knowing the answer.
“Why… why, Governor Suetonius himself,” the officer stuttered.  “He commanded that we do this with our prisoners!”
Baalath looked about at the other Roman soldiers, now his prisoners, calling for them to disrobe.  As they obeyed, he looked back at the officer.  “These are your men?”
The officer said they were.
“Do you care for them?”
“They are my men, my soldiers.”
Baalath spat, his voice filled with wrath, “That man you call ‘Merlin’ is my brother, and those women my sisters!  Do you believe I care for them?!”
“Yes…yes, I do!” the man cried.  “Please…I was only obeying orders.”
“Were your orders also to let them die in the prison wagon without water or medical tending?!” Baalath demanded.
The officer’s face went ashen.  “I…I…was only obeying orders...”
The prisoners now stood naked, waiting their fate.  Baalath looked at them as they huddled together, many little more than boys, sputtering, “It is a shame that you have brought them to this.  Many are the things I could have tolerated your having done, and yet allowed these men to still live.  But for the violation of my sisters’ flesh by the filth of you and yours, this I cannot tolerate!  Did you not realize that these people were not of your kind but from the worlds standing long before time, when Atlantis ruled the worlds of men?!”
“I did not know!  I did not know!” the officer cried.
Baalath ordered that Julianus and his two servants be brought before them.  Grabbing Julianus by his long hair, he yanked the man around until he faced the officer.  “Did you not hear the words the women spoke to this man as you stood on the field beside your governor?”
“Yes…yes, I did,” the officer whimpered, “but I did not understand their meaning.”
Baalath flung Julianus back into the arms of his servants.  “Pity that you didn’t...”
Motioning to two of the wizards, Baalath said to the officer, “I want you to watch this so that in future ages you will remember to beware of the finger of God.”
When the two, a man and woman, came close, Baalath had them hold the officer up against the wooden side at the front of the prison wagon.  Taking two sharpened pinions, he drove the first one through the officer’s left shoulder into the wood and the other through his right, doing the same with it.  Although in great agony, the officer remained conscious and alert.
Baalath then nodded to the wizards securely holding the naked prisoners.  At that, the wizards pulled out their daggers and stabbed the prisoners in the back, up through their hearts.  As the prisoners slowly fell to the ground, dead, Baalath asked the officer, “Was that how you finished off Merlin…like that?”
Tears filled the officer’s eyes, running down his face as Baalath demanded, “Why…why did you murder them?!”  Baalath angrily hissed, “Why did you murder Merlin, and with the holy knife belonging to a goddess?!”  He removed Juliet’s knife from the sheath on the officer’s belt.
The officer cried out pitiably, “I did not know!  I did not know a thing!”
Baalath called out to his wizards, “Cut off their heads and toss their bodies…all that will fit…into the wagon.  The others toss into the ditch.  Pile the heads up alongside the road.  Also, castrate the lot of them, make women of them all!”
Soon, forty heads were lined up neatly along the side of the road, all the male genitalia placed in a leather bag and dropped at the officer’s feet.  “I want you to give this gift to your governor when he comes along this way!  Oh yes, the day doesn’t go as well for him as planned.  He will be along shortly.”
Baalath looked at Juliet’s blade that he held.  “This knife is a holy weapon, forged in the days before the great flooding by the hands of Enoch, himself.  You have sullied it by shedding holy life with it!  Now it must be purified by cleansing it in unholy blood.”  In a blur, Baalath wielded the blade, driving it into the hearts of Julianus’ two servants, one after the other.   He glared into the terrified officer’s face.  “You will deliver a message to Governor Suetonius for me when he comes this way.  Now, I am almost finished with you, but first I must remove from the last man who dared touch my sisters his filthy organism!”  At that, Baalath took Juliet’s knife and cut the officer’s penis and testicles from him.
As the officer writhed in pain, Baalath lifted the blade and slit the man’s throat from ear to ear.  He turned to Julianus, wiping the blade clean on Julianus’ naked flesh, then called to someone behind him, “Bring this womanly man his clothes.”  He asked Julainus while removing the belt and sheath from the now dead officer, “Do you wonder why you still remain alive?”
Julianus said nothing.
Baalath replied, “Already, a dead man you are, for knowing the name of the one you are forbidden to know.  Still, you will deliver to him all the news of what has happened here.  It is your way.  Then you will fall upon your own sword.  Tell your High Lord Balbinus that his days have been counted against him and that as his forebear, Hormax, hid himself away from the world of men because of his leprosy, so shall he.”  Baalath reached up, touching Julianus’ forehead, the man’s flesh above his eyes instantly turning white as snow.
After receiving his garments, Julianus hurriedly dressed and was away down the road, toward Hengistbury Head in desperate hope of finding a swift sailing vessel for the mainland.
In short order, the glen through which the road passed was again silent except for a quiet breeze and the chirping sounds of birds and insects.

*    *    *

A rider came charging down the roadway, his face ashen as he waved his arm high, signaling trouble ahead.  Suetonius reined in his horse, waiting for the rider to make report.  News was troubling, the governor ordering his company of mounted officers and guards to come with him while the infantry stood down from the march.  Riding past the lead elements of his army, he made his way along the road for two miles before coming upon the handiwork of Baalath’s earlier encounter with the prison train.
Dismounting, Suetonius slowly walked past the carnage and destruction of men, animals, and machines, the only thing remaining undamaged being the caged wagon his necromancer prisoners had been in.  Everything was a ruin, down to the smashing of weapons, helms, armor, and other equipment, to the slaughtering of the horses and the cutting up of harnesses, hames, and trees.  Blood had soaked the roadway red, running into pools in the ditches.  Everything destroyed and nothing taken.  This was not done by the wild Brits, that Suetonius knew in his heart.  For the first time since beginning his journey toward Mona, he began to feel that forces far beyond his mortal life had been at work, and he had been played as little more than a pawn on the game board of the gods, a lesson he was only beginning to comprehend.
Flies swarmed thick around the corpses piled in the ditch behind the prison wagon and the wagon itself, the extending arms and legs of the dismembered bodies packed into the wagon turning black in the late day’s heat, the drone of flies almost deafening.  Walking past the stench of rotting death, Suetonius saw the commanding officer pinned to the forward hull of the wagon, an opened leather bag on the ground between the dead man’s blood-soaked feet.  Stopping and glancing down into the bag, the governor nearly vomited at the sight.
Cackling shattered the quiet, Suetonius falling back in deathly fright.  A garish grin grew on the dead officer’s face.  “So he has come as my master has said he would...”  The corpse erupted in maniacal laughter as it extended a rotting finger, pointing at the governor.  “Better you would have been an abortion than to have touched the eyeball of God!  Hee, hee, hee…yes, oh yes, you have touched the very eyeball of God!  The Black Angel you have waked!  Even the demons fear her fury, and you have been foolish enough to spit in her face!  Look and see, little dung servant of the Lord of the Flies!  See if your master shall save you in the day of the Angel’s revenge!  Heaven’s gate!  Heaven’s gate!  You she will deliver there, with you begging the river to cross before your hour passes beyond your sight!”
The officer’s corpse motioned with its arm pointing down the road.  “Britain burns!  The world burns!  Go kiss your king upon the forehead so that he might deliver you from ruin!”  Then motioning toward the long row of heads, the corpse offered, “Appease your god-king with a head, any head, he knowing not the appearance of Merlin’s face.  Any head will do, any at all.  Take mine, if it pleases you.  My soul forever burns for the orders I have obeyed.  So what shall be the judgment of the court concerning your crimes against the gods?!”
Suddenly, before Suetonius’ astonished eyes, the corpse erupted into a raging fire, along with the wagon.  As it was consumed by the flames, the corpse cried out, “A ruin!  A ruin!  A ruin I shall make it!  So wakes the Angel of Death!”

*    *    *

Noah collapsed to the floor upon hearing that Swalhawena and Lumdon were murdered, fainting and passing into a coma that lasted for days.  As she slept, the other Haudenosaunez gathered in Eden to celebrate the death ritual of their two companions, standing vigil, weeping and pulling their hair.  For seven days, they mourned their loss, abstaining from food and drink.
At the end of the seventh day, Sodasonie arrived along with many of her brothers and sisters to also weep over the death of these dear companions.  In a great, opened space beyond Eden’s walls, a fire was lit, its flames reaching beyond sight into the dark void above the plain.  As the bodies of Lumdon and Swalhawena were consumed in the intense blaze, Lowenah appeared as a radiant light descending through the fire until she stood upon the ground in its midst.  Gradually, the fires died down until she, alone, stood there, her radiant glory providing the only light in this dark void.
The Maker of Worlds looked at all her children from both the realms above and below.  Extending her hands, she reached out, taking hold of each of the Haudenosaunez, consoling them.  When she finally came to BondaBoor, Lowenah embraced the man, holding him close while singing healing songs to his heart.
While still holding BondaBoor’s hands, she turned to the other Haudenosaunez, smiling sadly.  “Your companions now sleep in the Field of the Minds, their works going with them into the Silent Tombs.  In future days, they will stand up beside the Immortals to exact an accounting for the wickedness delivered upon them and all their kindred by evil men from the days of Abel down to that future day.  What has befallen them at the hands of evil men is horrendous, true, but so many are the children of mine who have fallen in death during this age of rebellion that your companions find themselves in good company.  We…you and me…must remember the reasons for their sacrifices and hold to our sacred duties to carry on to the end as long as breath remains in us.
“Yes, I too, must never forget the reasons for this long fight we all find ourselves in, or else the entire universe may well come to naught!  Hold steady to the course so that all our loved ones will have a returning in future days where this wickedness will no longer dwell.  Do not seek wanton revenge, but wait upon the moment so that all my prophecies may be fulfilled.  By doing this, then all those deserving will have a returning to life in a cleansed, new universe.”
Kissing BondaBoor on the cheek, Lowenah then directed the gathering, “Now, let us return to Eden and gather up our kindred who are not here with us.  Noah I must wake so that a mending of her heart I can begin, and Juliet I must repair in body so that her mind and heart may return to us with only the pain of disturbing dreams.”  Still holding BondaBoor’s hand, Lowenah led the procession toward Eden, her light slowly fading until only the distant glow from the temple’s towers shone out toward them through the ever-blackness.

As Juliet continued to sleep peacefully after the curing of her injuries, Lowenah, Hyhoset, Tuosol, Tosombabanna, and BondaBoor went to Noah’s side, the Maker of Worlds sitting down beside Noah, tenderly stroking her child’s forehead.  “My little darling, please wake for your mother.”
Noah’s eyes slowly fluttered opened, the child staring into Lowenah’s hypnotic, green orbs, puzzling over the person gazing down at her.  “Wh…wh…who are you?” Noah asked in little above a tired hush, “and wh…where am I?”
Lowenah gently assisted Noah to sit.  Drawing closer, her hands holding the woman’s, she asked, “Does my child not recognize me?”
Noah’s eyes suddenly grew wide with excitement.  “The Woman in the Whispering Waters!  So often I have seen her in my dreams, but now…but now I see her sitting beside me.  Are you real or am I dreaming in the lands beyond the river?”
Lowenah smiled, replying, “Yes, I am the Woman in the Whispering Waters, and no, you are not dreaming in the Field of the Minds.  I sit beside you within the depths of Eden.  I and your companions have come to comfort my daughter in her hour of need.  Lean on my shoulder and release all the tribulation secreted within your heart, mourn with those who love you, weep with your family beside you.”
Looking up to see BondaBoor and Hyhoset standing near, tears streaming down their faces, Noah fell on Lowenah’s shoulder, wailing, “No other soul have I loved as greatly as her!  Should I have died instead of her, a blessing it would have been!  My heart burns with deathly desire, wishing for forgotten worlds where I may sleep until the world’s end…”  Tremors racked Noah’s body as she broke down into uncontrolled sobs.
Lowenah held her child close, pouring her healing energy into the woman.  “Dead your sister is not, but only sleeping until the coming hour when your queen mother, Aphrodite, calls your companions to stand up beside her in the final days.”
Lowenah’s comforting words would soothe Noah’s heart at a later time but, for now, she could not be consoled in any way.  This Lowenah knew.  She continued to hold her child far into the evening, sitting beside Noah throughout the woman’s fitful sleeping hours.

It was after the midnight hour, Palace Time, two days later, when Lowenah’s council gathered together to discuss the future fate of the surviving Haudenosaunez.  Among those at the meeting were Sodasonie, Chasileah, Joleck, Zadar, Aphrodite, and PalaHar.
After a rather lengthy discussion, Lowenah turned to Sodasonie.  “No matter the outcome, the Sons of Hormax know now that your creation can be killed.  Should it cost them a thousand armies of men, they will not stop their murdering pursuit of the Haudenosaunez until none remain.  Their number they know, and many of their names also.  Baalath and Juliet are already dead people should they attempt any future activities in the worlds of Hormax.  Indeed, any of those of yours who have operated in eastern lands controlled by Rome are subject to great risk, their identities even now being searched out by the priests of Hormax.  What are you going to do about this?”
Clasping her hands together, Sodasonie stared down at the table.  “I knew a dangerous road I had placed them on that night of Dancing Stones’ celebration into death.  But how much I would come to depend upon these children of men, I could not comprehend at that time.  Now, without their intrusions into the worlds of men, I wonder at times how prophecy might be fulfilled, our treaties with the Evil Worm prohibiting our personal intervention into the Lower Realms.”
Lowenah sputtered, “Foolish treaties, anyway!  Always attempting to pacify that miscreant, you are.  Why do you do it?!  Never mind…  What are you going to do with these waifs of forgotten times now…the Haudenosaunez?  Must I take them with me into the unreachable realms to protect them from Legion’s hand, or do you have a cure for this sticky dilemma you’ve gotten us into?”
Harsh words for her daughter, true, but it was Lowenah’s way when her dander was up.  All too often, her children did not seek her out when making fateful decisions.  The choice to create the Haudenosaunez was made by Sodasonie and others without Lowenah’s consultation.  As was her habit in such cases, she was leaving it up to her children to find a way out of this mess, themselves.
Sodasonie was spokesperson for the others at the council table.  They had gathered the day before to discuss this dilemma, one that had haunted them since before the birthing of Michael in the Lower Realms.  The creation of the Haudenosaunez had been a mutual decision made by many, some of whom sat at the table this day.  This, Lowenah already knew but, since Sodasonie had given it her final approval and executed its creation, as well as being the senior in charge of operations, she accepted the chastisement that Lowenah delivered upon her.
“Mother,” Sodasonie closed her eyes and then slowly opened them, “we are sorry that your counsel we did not seek when making decisions regarding the Haudenosaunez, but believed you would have approved, if we had.  We have come to you now, seeking your guidance and acceptance of the remedy we are proposing.”
Lowenah was kind, but her words were not gentle.  “My child, my children, did I not create you to think for yourselves?!  Look, my frustration grows not over the decisions made, but because you only reach out to me after the damage from those decisions has been revealed!  So wise you are, some of you being taught at the feet of the Immortals, yet you say in your hearts, ‘should things go badly, we will seek out our mother’s wisdom and knowledge so that all things may be brought back into their proper condition.’
“My child…my children, you will never grow up to the full if you continually use me as your crutch to lean on when your works fail you!  You must then either seek my counsel when initial plans you make, or apply your wisdom in ways so that your plans do not come to ruin.  Did you not see that by chaining your creation in mortal flesh and giving them unbounded life while sending them out to reside amongst ravenous wolves would eventually lead to the calamity we have just witnessed?!  Eden is no sanctuary for the protection of the soul, but only a haven for the spirit to rest while retreating for but a moment from the evil without.
“The power to protect life by using the covering spirit, I do possess.  That you all know.  Elijah and Jeremiah, as well as others, were protected by it while they walked among the serpents.  Why did you not think of asking me to provide such protection to your faithful companions, so few they are, while their journey is long and the dangers so many?!”  She took Sodasonie’s hand.  “But you, too, have been taught how to conjure up that power.  Noah and Hyhoset you gave the spirit of life to without need of my intervention.  Then power of might beyond all that is mortal you unleashed within them.  Has it not worked out well for them and their cause?  Has the world come to ruin because of their recklessness in using those powers?  Then why do you not open the minds of all your Haudenosaunez to such power?  I do not say that such might should be given to all equally, but to each it should be given as to their ability.”
Lowenah stood, looking away from the others.  “You may ask, ‘Why give to the children of wrath such indestructible glory when Mother has not bestowed it upon her own children?’  I will tell you.  My children in the Realms Above have each other to hold and comfort in times of despair.  Should a dear companion fall to the evils of this terrible age, many are the arms that can console the aching heart.  Your lovers are countless and places of refuge from the evil storms vast.”
She looked at Aphrodite.  “Ask this child of mine how her soul wished only for death because of all the death and heartache she had witnessed from the days of the Great Flooding down to the creation of the Haudenosaunez.  For her, life had become a burden she was unable to bear until I gave to her my son to stay near her through the following troublesome years.”
Aphrodite lowered her head, tears welling in her eyes.
Lowenah extended a hand toward Aphrodite, palm up, fingers spread.  “My little girl has birthed over one hundred children into this troublesome world, only to know that she must watch them grow up and get old, eventually to die along with the men who gave her the seeds that grow within.  No hope but that of a future hope does she have of ever seeing any of them again!  And the child she carries within her as I speak shall the same fate have, a sweet sadness my little girl understanding, knowing that this babe, too, shall one day grow old and die.”
She peered into Sodasonie’s eyes.  “There were but sixteen of your creation who even had a hope of living down into future days.  All their children, kindred, lovers and companions other than those few Haudenosaunez were to continually pass on into death, awaiting the final horn.  Now there are but fourteen to share the dreams of companionship down into the final days.  What fear and dread must be growing within their hearts, knowing that an arrow or assassin’s knife might steal away even that companion on the morrow!
“Also, no place do my children have to hide away in, no land or island secure from the treachery of Hormax.  Eden?  Oh yes, Eden.  As I have mentioned, it is only a place of temporary escape, nothing more.  You, for your part, can scheme and plot your futures in the endless security of safe havens held in the possession of the Children’s Empire, even enjoying freedom of care as you lavish upon your senses the wonders of places like Diamond Ridge.  My children in the Lower Realms have not even a place to rest their heads without fear and dread, forced to remain ever vigilant, should the enemy find them and attack.
“Why did my two children Lumdon and Swalhawena have to die, and my daughter Juliet have to suffer such tribulation?!  Easily they could have made escape, leaving Mona far behind, but no.  Why?  Because their hearts would not allow them to abandon their charges who trusted to their safety.  Now the priests of Hormax will certainly know that soft are the hearts of these watchers over the worlds of men, and they will use that softness to hunt down and destroy those remaining of the Haudenosaunez.  What will you do then, when they are no more?  How will you accomplish your purposes when the tools of your inventiveness have all come to their finish?”
Sodasonie frowned, “I gave to Noah and Hyhoset power beyond what is normal because the hour called for it, else the enemy might have foiled prophecy by attempting to change times and seasons.  Yet, even down to this present hour, I fear the uncanny powers I unleashed within them, especially with Noah’s loss by the wanton murder of her most favorite of these little children.”
Lowenah’s face soured, glaring into Sodasonie’s troubled eyes.  “Do you not yet understand a thing?!  The day will come, whether my children born in sin walk within these worlds or the ones above, that immortal life will be gifted them.  Have you not considered the glory and mightiness that will reside in their bosoms on that day?  You got but just a glimpse of a Cherub’s power when you walked with them on Lagandow, yet forever were you changed by merely observing that power.  As for my children of this Earth, days will come when into their hands I will place those very powers of my immortal Cherubs, powers that existed long before there was a Heaven or an Earth.  Why?  Why will I do such a thing when even by their thoughts they will be able to bring to ruin all my universes?  I will do it because I trust them.  I have faith in my Earthly creation.  Why?  Because my heart resides also in them.
“I have the power and ability to deliver all of my creation into forgetful ruin at this very instant.  Why do you not fear me doing such a thing?  Why?  Because you have unquestioned trust and faith that I could never do such a thing.”  She sat down, reaching out and taking Sodasonie’s hand again.  “Have some faith in your own creation.  The Haudenosaunez love me to the full with all their hearts and souls…that I can feel.  Not even Michael loves me more than they do.  They know what must be done to mend my heart.  Yes, I know what is often said of me being in such need.  Those children seek also a mending of my heart.”
Lowenah leaned back in her chair, staring off toward the ceiling.  “You have come to me seeking advice.  Will you listen to, it should it be given?  We will see.  So I will give it and find out.  Unleash the beast within your Haudenosaunez.  Trust they will not bring the world of men to ruin.  Take some of their blood and build for them bodies that will be preserved in machines here in Eden.  Should death find one of them by bringing their mortal flesh to ruin then, before their spirit flees to the Field of the Minds, transfer it from the old body into that of the new, from glory to glory, the same as will be done for those being brought from Earth into our worlds at the end of days.  All this can be done here in Eden by the machines built long ago.
“One more thing…  Give to your children the ability to shape shift.  Oh, I don’t mean for them to be able to shift into animals or different genders.  What is reasonable is to give to them the power to change appearances, hair, skin color, height, vocal qualities…other little things like that.  You can give to them those powers right here by the machines found in Eden, so you will not be breaking any treaties with the Worm.  Yep, done all legal...”  Leaning forward and placing her hands on the table, Lowenah looked around at the others, smiling sadly.  “There…I have offered to you my opinion since I believed that was what you wished for me to do.  Now I will sit back and watch to see if my opinion is of any value in your eyes, or whether you will find it as you often have…just a subject for further debate while you seek other solutions to your dilemmas.”
The room became silent, all eyes focused on Sodasonie.  It had been decided long ago that she was to be their spokesperson.  They would wait on her reply, accepting whatever her decision was concerning these matters.  Today was a time of change should Lowenah’s counsel be accepted.  Power beyond what is normal was to be offered to Earthly children of clay, people who had never journeyed through Eden’s gate into the wondrous realms beyond, people who did not know their right hand from their left when it came to the knowledge of EbenCeruboam, how the universe worked, even life and death.  Yet were the counseling words of Mother to be accepted, the children from the worlds above would have to trust with faith that these children born with twisted souls in these wasted lands would do the right thing.
Looking about at the others before speaking, Sodasonie contemplated what that decision would be, finally addressing Lowenah.  “Your counsel is wise and, should we have sought it out in days past, this hour of lament may need not have happened.  What greater power exists other than love?  And our brothers and sisters of the Haudenosaunez certainly do have love.  Yet, should matters not go well because of decisions made here this day, know that not you are to blame for a thing, for we… your children… have decided this fated journey ourselves, you not binding us to any road.”

That very day, Sodasonie began the changing of the Haudenosaunez from that of humans in the flesh to Cherubs…so to speak…in the flesh.  Mortal they remained, their bodies able to die in the flesh except that power beyond normal was given them, making it much more difficult to destroy those bodies.  This was done even for Hyhoset, Noah, and Tuosol, Sodasonie believing that an indestructible body was far more troublesome than a body that could chase away the spirit in its death, so that the spirit might retreat to Eden to be reborn in a new and undamaged body.  She had reasoned with the others, “Should one of our children sink beneath the waves or be trapped deep under the mountains, would it not be easier to abandon their old bodies to the wiles of nature and deliver them up to new ones?”
These facts would not make the Haudenosaunez reckless, their flesh still able to suffer the pain and agony of torture, sickness, and death, trapping their spirits within them until the body chose to surrender up its living organism to the fates of destruction.  Some among the Haudenosaunez asked, “Does this not mean then that there are two of us alive at the same moment?”
Sodasonie’s answer was simple and revealing.  “Your bodies are machines, tools you might say, for the spirit to dwell within.  Your spirit and my spirit are but the same other than your spirit must seek out the flesh of humans to be waked in glory, while mine must find the flesh of an angel to stir its consciousness, which will one day also be the same for you.  Today we will build machines made from your own blood, so that quickly, should your spirit need it, there will be a new home waiting.  This building of a new body you do all the time, for your flesh is always replacing parts and pieces of your body, though you do not notice.  The body your spirit possesses today is not the same one you possessed only a few short years ago.  Just as your body grows new hair, so it does with every other part of you.
“And the brains in your new bodies are also empty of all thought and knowledge other than what was given Adam before the hour of his birth.  Only when your spirit enters your new body will it actually become you again.  And it might take a few days for your spirit to acclimatize, adjust, to its new house.  Just like a person must become used to new surroundings, so must your spirit.”
The Haudenosaunez were then gathered together to gain understanding of the powers being given them.  Noah and Juliet were both up and about by this time, assembling with the others to be taught in the ways of the North.
PalaHar explained, “To each, according to one’s personal abilities, the powers of Lagandow have been given to you.  These powers will change over time as you grow into and practice your magic.  And magic it is, for even the Ancients of my race do not understand how these powers function.  I must warn you then, do be careful how and when you release these powers!  You walk among the sons of Earthly men.  They will not understand what they are witnessing.  So, for good or bad, they might react to what they see, even making you into gods, which, if it serves a proper purpose…  Well, you will have to ponder that.
“Remember this, the powers you are being given are only machines, tools to do your will like your body is a machine…tools for you to wield as you decide.  Wield your tools…your weapons very carefully, for great good they can do, but also extreme harm!  Do not seek revenge with them!  The sons of men are wicked from their youth on up, and that will remain true for many until the final hour when all things will be made new.  You are now become angels, but even more.  Mortal Cherubs you are.  As such, you must view life through their eyes, and make choices as they would make choices, all for the healing of Mother’s heart.  You are now the children of Lowenah, the same as we are her children.  No longer is she your God, but your mother, swaddling you in her arms here in Eden having made you her children.
“Please consider the words of your earlier prophets, some of them being of your own flesh. ‘”Vengeance belongs to me,” says the Maker of Worlds, “I will repay.”’  Now, if vengeance belongs to our mother, if we attempt to exact it for ourselves, might we not find ourselves stealing from our mother what does not belong to us?  So be careful how you wield you newfound weapons of power and glory.  Use them wisely and sparingly.  For your protection and the healing of Mother’s heart, they have been given to you.”
The Haudenosaunez all promised to act wisely with the powers given them.  Many remained in Eden for several weeks, practicing with them to gain a better understanding of what they could now do.  Hilga remained for but a little while until news reached her ears that Boudica had been defeated by the Romans, hurrying back to Britain as quick as may be.

*    *    *

As they walked through the glade together, Boudica cried, tears streaming down her face. “I did not listen to you, oh Andred, mother goddess over my people, but allowed my arrogance and pride to bring ruin to my people!”
Hilga did not slow her pace as the two women walked toward the nearby forest.  “It is not the hour to debate what should have been done.  Suetonius is on the move with his army, having also gained the strength of Legio II since Poenius Postumus fell upon his sword.  He will show none any mercy, his soldiers already crying out for revenge for those destroyed through your warring against their peoples and cities.  For now, you must attempt a saving of your own people.”
“What must I do?!” Boudica asked, her desperation growing.
Hilga pointed, “Lead your people to the north, into the lands of the Scots.  Fall upon their mercy, begging for whatever arrangement they are willing to make with you.  Join forces to defeat Suetonius, should he dare invade those worlds.”
Boudica bemoaned Hilga’s recommendations.  “My goddess queen, Andred, the Scot people are also our enemy!  They will not welcome us into their lands.  This thing I cannot ask my people to chance!  No, indeed!”
“The enemy of my enemy is my friend,” Hilga replied.  “Tomorrow, resume your petty wars with those people.  Today, make a peace with them.  There are still other forces remaining in the west that will join up beside you if a confederation you make with those in the north.  It is possible that the peoples across the waters on Insula Sacra will join forces with you in such a contest, too.  Your combined strengths may well drive Rome from Britain.  Then free to slaughter one another you will again be.”
“What you ask of me, I cannot do!”  Boudica lamented.  “My people will never stoop to begging the Scot people for their assistance in anything at all!”
“Then Rome will defeat your people and many innocents will die, and all will be enslaved.”  Hilga spoke no more about the matter.
The women soon came into the woods where Boudica’s two daughters lay on mats of animal furs, both young women severely wounded during the recent battle.  Irene’s right breast had been nearly cleaved off by a Roman sword, the blade having also pierced her right lung.  Sophie was cut to the bone from thigh to knee on her left leg, with several toes missing from her foot, as well as having received two arrow wounds.  Both women suffered greatly, fully conscious as they were hauled many miles from the battle on the shoulders of strong men, to escape the Roman onslaught.
Hilga offered her thoughts after a quick examination of the two young women.  “Allow me to take your daughters with me, otherwise I doubt they will live at all.  They are children of the Dragon Order through your great grandfather, Hulbert Ganderling.  Allow me to take them to my people to produce a cure in them, so that they might live.”
Boudica began to fuss that her daughters should remain with her, waiting upon their medicine people to furnish a cure.  Hilga disagreed, stating that what must be done to deliver a cure was beyond the knowledge and ability of her Druidic magicians.  Finally, Boudica relented.
With the assistance of her Templar attendants, Hilga soon had Irene and Sophie placed upon litters fastened securely to the sides of a stout warhorse.  Taking their leave, Hilga and her company departed, quickly disappearing into the heavily wooded underbrush.

(Authors note…Boudica’s daughters vanish from the pages of history at this time.  Eventually, both Irene and Sophie found themselves aboard a submarine boat heading for PoureaShihon.  There, the young women would be nursed back to health.  Irene and Sophie chose to remain in these strange worlds of Templars and Dragons for several years, learning the witching ways of the Dragons, both also becoming Submariners and sharing in exciting, undersea adventures aboard those cramped fighting boats.
In her later years, Irene journeyed into the land of Meric and finally to the isles of Insula Sacra, spreading her stories of witches and sea monsters that tingled the ears of little children, and that poets of her day eventually penned into fanciful tales.
Sophie remained in submarining until, in her old age, moving to the land of Meric to quietly live out her remaining days.  Working her way up through the ranks, from deckhand to torpedo mate, then to midshipman and first mate, Sophie finally became captain over Nattily, a five hundred tonne submarine torpedo clipper, serving in that capacity until her seventy-third year, finally succumbing to her battle wounds at the age of ninety-six years.  Far into the ending age, this woman’s progeny walked the decks of Rae’s submarine navy.  Down to this day, they keep an ever vigilant eye out for our wellbeing.)

*   *   *

As contrite as Suetonius might have become after receiving the warning from his dead officer, it was quickly forgotten after his stunning victory over Boudica and the Brits.  Riding high on the defeat and rout of his enemy, he went in pursuit of his vanquished foe, meting out ruthless retribution to any and all that had not openly allied themselves with the Romans.  Pillaging, rape, torture, and murder became the norm for him until the land itself cried out for the blood that was shed upon it.  In time, even the Romans tired of his violent acts of revenge, Nero wishing more to harvest the wealth of Britain than bleeding it.
In time, the new procurator, Gaius Julius Alpinus Classicianus, wrote to Nero regarding his concerns over Suetonius’ overt actions against the Brits.  This led to an eventual inquiry, the claim that Suetonius could not defend the loss of two of Rome’s war galleys in a failed invasion of Holyhead other than for incompetent leadership.  He was soon on his way back to Rome, the more conciliatory Publius Petronius Turpilianus replacing him as governor.  Thus began the Haudenosaunez’ actions to bring to justice the conspirators who murdered Lumdon and Swalhawena.

*    *    *

After the last of the Haudenosaunez departed the conference room, Sodasonie, very troubled, looked over at Lowenah.  She asked, “I fear we have released the midnight upon the worlds of men.  Shall the world run red with blood before this awful day comes to a finish?”
Lowenah did not smile, responding, “The hour has come for me to unleash my vengeance upon the worlds of men!  Remember, vengeance is mine, and I shall exact it as I see fit.  The sins of mankind have reached into the Heavens, and now I am calling them to account for those sins.  I have unleashed my death angels, with or without your good graces.  Their pent-up desire for revenge is near the breaking point.  Now I have delivered to them the authority to bring to ruin all those ruining the Earth.  They must go a ruining until tired of the slaughter they become.”
She leaned forward, asking, “Do you not see that the world is racing toward the brink of its own destruction?!  The hour is near when I originally hoped that wickedness could be brought to a finish and this terrible Third Age could come to its end.  But no, for so many things must yet take place before that hour arrives.  Michael is not ready to take up her rightful place in my kingdom.  I cannot deliver the tests upon her before this wicked age ends, the girl’s heart and soul unable to survive them should they come at this time.  And then, there is Shiloh…  Many will be the years before I am satisfied with my creation, taking me longer than expected, for he is to be perfect as I am perfect, sharing the qualities of my soul, mind, and heart.
“The Romans, the priests of Hormax, the sons of Jacob…so many, many more there are of national groups and peoples I am demanding an accounting from.  All these bills must be collected on and soon, or else the world will collide in its own destructive madness before my great and fearsome day.  By fire shall the fire be quenched, by rage shall rage be consumed, by the fury of destructive madness shall the coming destructive madness be stopped…or at least slowed.”
“What are you about?!” Sodasonie asked, perplexed.
Lowenah smiled sadly.  “I am sending out my angel darlings to hold back the storm winds by using them to deliver the tempest.  Yes, oh yes, the world will bleed.  Through plague, famine, war, and violence, it will bleed until the very sons of men believe the hour of doom is upon them.  This will force the wicked Worm’s hand, he also believing the end is near.  He will move too quickly, bringing down the house he has been building.  By doing this, I may preserve the world alive down to Shiloh’s coming.”
Sodasonie stood, turning away as though speaking to the room, asking Lowenah, “Why must it be done this way?  Certainly we can find another road other than this as we have done many times.  Must we make our children so ruthlessly murder their fellow men?!”
Lowenah stood, walking up beside Sodasonie, stroking her arm as she looked up into troubled eyes.  “In earlier days, before Atlantis rose to domination over all the Earth, you stood upon a burning pyre, giving your foreboding message of prophetic warning to fifteen sets of listening ears, warning them of their future should they choose the road you offered.
“’Like my kind, you will see and witness many terrible things!  Indeed, you will cause them to become.  Nations will slaughter nations because you have willed it.  Mothers will eat their own children, fathers murder sons and sons, fathers because you have chosen that destiny for them.  The very core of the Earth will consume the life upon it in fire and rage, because your mouths declare it.’
“Do you remember those words…your words?  Not one of those fifteen stepped aside from the destiny you offered them.” (Lowenah did not yet count the unborn Hyhoset.) “Already they have made the world of men run red with blood just to bring us down to this day to the thwarting of the Worm’s intentions.  Killing weapons you have created and, for nearly two millennia, you have permitted them to grow and hone their skills.  Vultures on the hunt they have become.  Now it is time you unleash them to the wind.  Allow the hunter to roam at will, to search out its own prey as it chooses.
“The Worm knows you and your kind, and can predict what you will do, and so adjusts his pieces on the game board accordingly.  But what if he faces an unknown player?  He understands the hawk and raven. But the vulture he has not yet come to understand, for it skulks about in the shadows, killing the weak and relishing the smell of death.  Our vultures will teach him a thing or two, not understanding the enemy he will soon be facing.  Born in the Abyss and raised in Hell, they will not play according to our rules, but by the twisted and debased laws the Worm, himself, has invented.  No parley…no quarter.”
Sodasonie nodded, tears filling her eyes.  “Yes, Mother, you’re right, but I had so hoped against hope that my words would not have to come to be!  Monsters I have created, and by allowing the death of two of my children, I have hardened the hearts of the others.  Will there any place for mercy when they confront their enemy now?  Will they give a pardon, or bring the world to ruin?”
Lowenah asked, “Does one tell the tempest wind where it must blow and what it will destroy?  The tempest we have released, and now we must allow it to blow as it wishes.  Trust that its love for us is great enough so that our purposes it carries out without bringing the world to destruction.”
Both women looked toward the door as though seeing their Haudenosaunez children departing Eden as each one sought out his or her own destiny.  The vultures had left the nest to rise above the sordid plain in search of their prey with no oath or law to bind them in their vengeful pursuit.  Rome would bleed…the Sons of Hormax would bleed…the worlds of Samyaza would bleed.  Anyone who stood up in resistance to Shiloh’s future coming would bleed.

*    *    *

Balbinus slowly made his way up the steps leading to the main portico of his Hormaxian estate on Mt. Vesuvius. He had just returned from Rome, tired from the long journey.  So many things he had been forced to personally check on.  A fire in the city had come dangerously close to his secret library but, much to the high lord’s relief, not only had it been spared, his loyal Maruk guards remained at their stations, protecting all the holy contents in that hidden sanctuary.  Then he had to force a round with the emperor’s wife, Poppaea.  The woman had been getting a little out of hand with being Nero’s new wife, having to be reminded of her place in the order of things.
After stepping into the cool shadows of the large, inner room beyond the portico, Balbinus dismissed his servants, saying he wished for a little personal time, to rest up a bit.  After refreshing himself with a goblet of sweet wine, he retired to his private chambers across the small courtyard from the main estate.
As he opened the door, Balbinus was surprised to see that flames burned brightly in the fireplace.  Who had done this?  No one at all was to enter the high lord’s private rooms without his direct permission!  He was not kept waiting long.  Looking about the room, he spied a man sitting back on the high lord’s lounging couch.  Before he could utter a word, the man on the couch leaned forward, resting his chin on his hands, smiling, “Welcome back, Lord Balbinus.”
A not so gentle hand shoved Balbinus away from the door ,a  woman’s voice offering her terse salutations.  “Yes, welcome back, Your Ass-wipe!”
Stunned by this encounter, both with having a woman in this forbidden realm and her reproachful insult, Balbinus dumbly stared back toward the doorway.  The man who had been sitting on the couch stood, extending a hand.  “I must apologize for the lady’s rather unrefined comments, Lord Balbinus.  Lady Susannah, better known as ‘Hell’s Angel’ to your predecessor, High Lord Gomer, is not used to the civility one finds in Rome.  Too used to the wild deserts of wolves and scorpions, she is.  Please allow me to introduce you to my new partner.”  He pointed open-handedly toward the woman who stood in the doorway, her hands on her hips.  “I would like you to meet someone you have long searched for.  Lord Balbinus, it is my pleasure to introduce you to the Mother Queen of Israel, Serah.”
Balbinus’ face paled as he lifted a hand to his face.  “You…you are…are…”
The woman lowered her head, squinting, “Do be careful, bag a’ shit!  I am not as kindly and gentle as Lady Drakous, my sister who you murdered!”
Balbinus quailed, seeing Hell’s Angel taking a step in his direction.  The man accompanying her raised his hand.  “Please, Lady Susannah, he has not yet betrayed Gomer’s oath to you.  Besides, we want this fellow alive…for the moment.”  The man stepped between Susannah and Balbinus, facing the Hormaxian high lord.  “Excuse me for being so rude for not introducing myself.  Lord Beaufort…yes, the same Lord Beaufort your predecessors wrote about.  Better known I am to my close associates as ‘Baalath’, the same Baalath your girly servant made acquaintance with a while ago.”
Putting his hand to his mouth, Balbinus cried out in a begging whimper, “Please…please don’t kill me!”
Susannah laughed haughtily, “Vermin like you only multiply when their extermination is attempted!  May you have a long, long life…but not unchanged.”  She took another step forward.
Baalath extended his hand, palm out, signaling for Susannah to stop, smiling.  “Please, not quite yet.  Allow me to conclude my business first.”
Terrified at seeing the raging fire burning in Susannah’s eyes, Balbinus slowly backed away until he was up against the wall.  Baalath looked at him, his smile ever growing.  “High Lord Balbinus, will you fall upon your sword now that your secret identity has become known to your enemy?  I doubt it so.  Anyway, it would make little difference to us, seeing that many more of your kind we will face before the world’s ending.  Secrets that you have from us are few and, since the murder of our fellows, our knowledge of you and your kind has only increased.  So, as the lady has already spoken, we do not wish your death.
“Now, High Lord, let me assure you, we have no intentions to make Rome fall.  That will come along in its own good time and needs not be our making, seeing that evil, selfish men will hurry it along on Destiny’s road.  Still, we do intend to teach Rome a little lesson, and we desire you not to interfere with the days of retribution that must come upon it.  The murder of innocents in the arena is reason enough for bringing these wicked men to their finish, but we have other reasons as well.  It will do you and your kind good if attention is paid to coming events.  The hour soon arrives when another moot is to be held on the ice island.  Do not feign any reason to be absent!  The Black Angel awaits there.  Keep silent and you might live.  But learn well the lessons that she is about to teach any who have dared touch the eyeball of God.  Then write down in your sacred books that not only does Hell’s Angel walk about in these worlds, the flesh of men to devour, but the Black Angel searches out for the souls of men and demons, to defile them with the blood of pigs.”
Baalath slowly turned, making his way toward the door.  Lifting a hand, finger extended, he faced Balbinus again.  “It is very important that you do not inform others about this little visit or what we have discussed here this day.  Please be wise, for should you open your mouth regarding these things, the fate of Herod will become yours.  Allow me to assure you, slow death by worms is a far worse fate than any other you might experience in this life.”  Opening the door, Baalath excused himself, offering parting salutations.
Balbinus dared not move, seeing that Susannah had not departed with Baalath but, instead, closed the door behind him.  She then walked up to Balbinus, extending a hand.  “I wish to assure that to Rome you will become a rare visitor, keeping more to yourself in these hidden quarters until the fire and rage removes even this sanctuary from you.”  At that, she touched Balbinus on the inner thigh.  In screaming agony, the man fell to the floor, clutching his groin, writhing in pain.  As he lay there, crumpled up while his manhood withered away, the flesh of the man’s body began turning white as the mountain snows.
Glaring down at him, Susannah confessed, “No more Zaelocks will you produce! Like Hormax, the first of your kind to be touched by an angel, will you walk this world in hidden shadows and, as ZaphipheRa turned to surrogates to gain the Zaelocks’ hidden knowledge, you the same must now do.  Maybe now your long, long life will not seem such a blessing.  Stay away from Rome if the worms you do not wish to consume you, for death will still remain a stranger should you only be walking about in a skin-covered skeleton.”  Susannah then turned away, opened the door, quietly closing it behind her.

*    *    *

Nero sat on the edge of the bed, his heart still pounding from this unbridled, passionate interlude, the man’s head spinning with haunting visions of wondrous places filled with indescribable, sensual delights.  He reached his hand back across the rumpled sheets with wistful desire, looking over his shoulder in hopes of seeing the enchanting witch still lying on the silk coverlets.  He groaned with renewed passion to engage in another round of wanton abandonment.  Thinking about his wife, Poppaea Sabina, did little to chase away erotic visions of the fiery, auburn-haired beauty whose perfume still flooded his senses with its intoxicating delights.
The young emperor sighed in disappointment, the haunting memory of this witching woman overwhelming his spirit.  As his manliness grew again in power along with an increasing ache in the man’s groin, he fell back on the bed, closing his eyes to dream about this mesmerizing enchantress, thinking only of the woman who recently pleased him so.  “The ass of another woman in the flesh pales to the hand as I watch the goddess in the spirit!”  He began to moan with sensual delight as his fingers excited his passions to an explosive finish.

Nero lay there, struggling for each exhaustive breath as his heart raced, pounding in his chest after the violent, climactic rush that coursed through his body.  Never had the man enjoyed feeling this painful agony, as if his manly organism was being torn asunder and its golden treasure purse was being ripped away, crying out in tortured distress while wishing for it never to end.  As this excruciating moment subsided, he looked up into the face of the witching enchantress in anticipation of the visions that would come since he had released his elixir to make the magic happen.  He slowly closed his eyes, waiting for those dreamy visions to begin.
This was the fourth time in a fortnight this witching woman had arrived in the darkness of Nero’s inner room, appearing as though an apparition beside his bed.  The night she would spend with him and then leave just before morning light, the guards not aware of her coming or going.  Each night of romantic interlude had been more intense and rapturous than the previous, both the physical and visionary greater than he ever experienced…or even imagined.  This night already delivered the physical to unbelievable heights.  Oh, how he had believed that death was approaching, yet he wished for it to come so that never would these wonderful torments have to end!
While Nero’s anticipation grew for the dreamy visions of erotic abandon that had delivered him so close to Heaven’s door in his earlier encounters with this witch of sensual delights, a foreboding gloominess began filling the man’s heart with despair.  He felt as though some great, immeasurable weight had been placed upon him, pinning him down to the point of making it impossible for any movement.  As his disquiet grew, a cloudy vision began to appear in the front of his head until it swept into him, consuming all thought, control surrendered up to the vision flooding his mind.
As the cloudy mist cleared, Nero gasped to see a hideous, beastly face staring down at him.  A monster both frightening and profound with serpentine eyes and long, hooked fangs, grinned obscenely as it drew closer to him.  His eyes popping open, Nero cried aghast to see the woman’s face nearly touching his, a sinister smile growing on hers.  But oh, so beautiful was the woman!  Radiant with beauty greater than a goddess she was!  Yet the vision within his head revealed this same woman to be the vile demon creature holding his mind captive.  As the woman without would speak, the beastly demon within would also, speaking those same words with its hideous, fanged mouth as bloody froth dripped from it.  The boy emperor could not move a muscle, could not cry out for assistance.  No, he could do nothing at all except watch and listen as this monster from Hell’s Abyss tortured him with its denunciations and evil incantations.
The demon witch hissed contemptuously, “A goddess I am, come to give visions of Heaven to the great and wondrous lord of Rome, to show him the worlds beyond worlds and gift the mortal with visions of Cherubs and angels.  Then it came to my ears only recently, when I walked about in the darkness of your palace grand, words of treachery and wicked deceit, so that my anger grew and my wrath began to burn within my breasts…words that had been uttered from your mouth that the murder of my brother and sister you had arranged and that the head of Merlin you had ordered be delivered up to you, and that even to the raping and torture of my very flesh you allowed your Governor Suetonius to deliver me to!
“So I turned away and wept over the evil you have delivered to the gods and the innocent people charged to die over the burning invented by you to place a lavish home for yourself in this very city.  I pondered what to do.  Should it be with fire and rage that I must bring you to a finish, or disease and crippling sickness, or… or something else more fitting the crime?  I finally decided the retribution owed you and, this night, I deliver the final blow!”
The woman laughed as the demon within cackled, “He shall live!  He shall live in his own consuming madness, realizing forever the haunting visions of a goddess’ touch while hidden from him they will for all time remain.  And when, in bitterness, you remember your loss, you will know that to your friends and companions does the harm coming against you belong, especially that witch woman wife of yours who, by the command of the Priests of Darkness, seduced you into murdering my brother and sister.  It is they, your mentors and lovers, who have delivered you to this darkness where my visions and touches will become unreachable memories.”
A great commotion arose in Nero’s head, his mind feeling the rush of a maddening storm-wind roaring through it.  Out of the tempestuous storm, a voice rose, crying, “Back to me shall my treasures return!  Empty!  Empty, I shall leave you!  In want of heart and of soul, forever you shall remain until the Kriggerman you pay to the full and the boatman his wages does receive!  Bitter and alone you will remain, always searching for a way to fill a heart bereft of feeling!”
At that, the woman demon pressed the man on to one final orgasm that tore at body and spirit with distress and agony unimagined, so that never again when he had intercourse could he shake that moment.  Into his mind, the most hideous of visions were placed, so that they would rise anew whenever his ardor sought its climactic release.
Nero struggled to free himself from the strangling grip of this oppressive demon, finally screaming out in desperation to be released.  No sooner had his beseeching wails rent the air than the invisible chains binding him to the bed were broken.
Silence, beautiful silence filled his ears.  Opening his eyes, the young man saw that the woman creature was not there, if she had ever been there at all.  He sat up, shaking the evil dreams from his head.  “No more of the wine before I take my rest,” he muttered, looking about the room in dread, fearing the demon woman might be hiding somewhere in the shadows.  But no, the night was quiet and peaceful, a fire still flickering in the brazier, the cool, damp breeze still wafting in through curtained windows.  All was still as it should be.  Only a bad dream he had.
Breathing a sigh of relief at concluding he suffered little more than a bad dream, Nero lay back on his pillow, closing his eyes for some restful repose, only to recall the hideous monster that haunted his dreams.  When sleep finally overcame his fitful wakefulness, the man could only see the form of this most beautiful goddess as she silently walked in shadows beyond his vision.  Ever reaching out to recapture the beauty to bring her back to his arms, the dream only drove him endlessly onward in a fruitless quest, all the time the goddess’s parting words stinging his wanting heart.  ‘Bitter and alone you will remain, always searching for a way to fill a heart bereft of feeling.’

*    *    *

“No thank you, my fine fellow, but of the wine of Rome, I do not imbibe.  It will kill you, you know.”  The man speaking leaned his head against the high-backed chair as Seneca turned his attention to the beautiful attendant accompanying him.
Seneca smiled with veiled longing as he chatted on, offering the woman some wine.  “I find it rather out of place for a mistress such as you being allowed in men’s company when business is being discussed.  Your Lord Beaufort must prize you highly to permit your presence at this time.”
The woman did not smile as she, too, refused any drink, retorting, “Your Graciousness, Lucius Seneca, no mistress am I of this man sitting beside me, but a business partner, having put up a large portion of the gold from Ophir that has been loaned to you.  The Western Trading Guild requested my presence here this day, I their representative and head of the council this year.  Unlike Lord Beaufort, I find no place for niceties or social norms when business is to be conducted.  Now keep your fair speech and manliness where they belong and you might keep your manliness…”
Shocked and angered by this woman’s comments, Seneca politely rebuked Lord Beaufort.  “Do you not know that such an insolent response from a woman in this nation can bring one hundred lashes after her tongue has been removed?!  And for your permitting such a deed, a lengthy prison sentence for you, along with a heavy fine?”
Lord Beaufort laughed heartily, “Oh, my dear Seneca, you have no idea whatsoever you are talking about!  Subjects of Rome, the Lady and I are not, it having no hold over us.”  He pointed toward the woman.  “Allow me to introduce to you Lady Susannah, queen over the Dark Abyss and sister to Lady Drakous.  You do recall Lady Drakous, do you not?  Of course, you do.  Your good friend Suetonius must have spoken of her, seeing that he perpetrated her murder… all along, the man knowing she was a goddess from the worlds before Atlantis’ ending.”  All color drained from his face, Seneca dropping his goblet of wine.  “Then…then…”
Lord Beaufort grinned, confirming, “Yes, my fine sir, Lady Susannah is a child of the gods, her sword having cleaved a swath of destruction across the worlds of ungodly men for these countless ages.  Prophets she has birthed and kings she has brought to ruin.  Tales tell of a demon chaser who delivers wicked men to the doors of the Empty Abyss.  The priests of the Unforgiven call that demon chaser ‘Hell’s Angel’ down to this day.”
The two sat there, casually looking at Seneca, his countenance full of dread and fear, the man’s hands shaking in uncontrolled tremors.  Finally, Susannah spoke up.  “Now that we have been properly introduced, I wish to conclude our business so that I may soon be free of this rat-infested, Roman countryside.”
A pallid-faced Seneca slowly stammered, searching for words.  “You…your…pay… payment I have already delivered…into your…accountant’s hands.  On the moon following… the next, I will make sure…to have for you…on time, the next installment.  I promise.”
Lady Susannah looked over at Lord Beaufort, asking, “You have not yet informed him?”
Lord Beaufort shrugged, “I guess it slipped my mind.  Oh well, he is a business man and knows well how business is to be conducted.”  He looked at Seneca.  “It is business after all, isn’t it?  Just good business?”
Puzzled, Seneca asked, the fellow regaining some of his composure, “I don’t quite understand.  What is the ‘good business’ you are talking about?”
“Oh, my apologies…” Lord Beaufort leaned forward.  “You see, an eastern trader has come in need of a good deal of gold and has offered a twenty percent return, guaranteed, on it.  Well, noting the opportunity set before the Western Trading Guild, it was decided to have all outstanding loans recalled so that its promises to its new business partner could be fulfilled.  Lady Susannah and I have been sent here to collect the remainder of your outstanding loan, as the details of our contract stipulate.  You do recall that clause in our contract, don’t you?”
Seneca cried out in desperation, “I have no gold to give you!  Invested it all is, and time it will take to collect it back!  Can you not give me a little time to gather it for you?!”
“Like the time you gave to my children, the Brits?!” Susannah sputtered in contempt.
Now terrified, Seneca began to understand that he was being set up.  Lady Susannah had no desire to collect the gold.  She sought revenge for real and imagined wrongs committed against the Brits and was using this opportunity to exact it.  Indeed, it had been through continual requests from Lord Beaufort that Seneca had taken the gold at such a lucrative interest rate.  Now, as he had done with the loans he had made against those island people, they were collecting on the entire debt without giving reasonable notice.
“I am good for the money!  I am good for the money!” Seneca nearly shouted.  “Give me only a week and I will deliver into your hands all that I owe along with the same interest that your eastern trader has promised you!”
Lord Beaufort, in mock apology, responded, “I’m sorry, but we don’t have a week.  Or should I say that you don’t have a week.”
“What!?”  Seneca shouted in surprise, “I don’t have even a week?!  What are you going to do to me?!”
Beaufort shook his head.  “Oh no, you don’t understand at all.  We have no intention of doing a thing to you, but…well, you have heard all the rumors going around concerning the Pisonian conspiracy, I imagine?”
Seneca leaned forward, raising an eyebrow, gripping the arms on his chair.  “Yes?!”
“Well,” Lord Beaufort went on, “rumors are flitting about that you were involved with it, or at least that Nero believes you were involved.  We do not know if you have a week to put your affairs in order before…well, before the emperor will decide your fated road, and we do so need our investment returned to us before any untimely fate should befall you.”
Tears welled up in Seneca’s eyes as he vehemently proclaimed his innocence regarding the matter.  “I have been only loyal to the man, giving my life to him in service and sacrifice, never once seeking a thing for myself!”
Susannah glanced about the room at all the treasures the poet-playwright had gathered to himself over the years, musing, “It appears that your sacrifice and service have proffered you a rather handsome reward during all those long years of faithful labors.  Tell me, please, do all the people of Rome live such austere lives as you have…in the service of your king, of course?  Such a humble abode you have here.  I can only imagine the wealth you might have accumulated had you been able to devote all your time to quill and parchment.”
As Seneca stared dumbly into the accusing face of his antagonist, Lord Beaufort spoke up.  “Ah, well, back to business.  Might you have some contracts available that you can sign over to us, possibly a handful of baubles, silver or gold jewelry, even some Roman currency?  Those things might go a long way toward settling your debt with us.”
In his growing despondence, Seneca waved his hand toward a locked cabinet.  “Whatever…take what you wish.”
Retrieving the key from Seneca, Lord Beaufort opened the cabinet.  Rummaging through it, he found dozens of scripts of ownership for newly acquired slaves, mostly innocent Brits taken during Suetonius’ campaigning after his army defeated Boudica.  “We’ll take these as partial payment along with the grain contracts you have with the Egyptian shippers, and these notes you have against these British tribes listed here, and…and, let’s see…and these baubles and jewelry you have here.  Oh, and these deeds to your northern estates and the one on Capri… these should satisfy our accountings with you.”
After signing over the contracts, deeds, and transfer of ownership of his slaves, Seneca sat back in his chair, waving for Susannah and Lord Beaufort to depart.  “If our business is finished, please be off and leave me be!”
Stuffing the parchments and other valuables into two leather satchels, Lord Beaufort offered his parting salutations.  “It has been a pleasure doing business with you.  Should all the rumors concerning current events prove false, please do not hesitate to contact us again if you need our financial services in the future.”
Staring up at the two, Seneca angrily sputtered, “Just go!”
Tipping his head in a polite bow, Lord Beaufort offered to take his leave.  Handing a satchel to Susannah, the two departed, leaving Seneca mired in a pit of despair, silently sitting there, pondering his fate.

The gray-cloaked man bowed politely.  “My Lord Baalath and Lady Susannah, I and my kindred wish to thank you for the rescue of our family members.”
Baalath looked along the side of the navy barq, Bounty Rae, disguised to look like little more than a Great Sea grain trader as he placed a hand on the man’s shoulder.  “Captain Bannock, your people have been rescued from the iron grip of Rome, but they must not be permitted a returning to Britain.  This you already know.  I trust you to settle them in the Isles of Meric.  It will be their new home.  Now, when you have passed the Pillars of Hercules, you need to be under full steam and make haste.  We need Bounty Rae back on patrol as soon as may be.”
Captain Bannock thanked Baalath and Susannah again and climbed the gangplank, calling out to the crew, “Cast off the lines and make for the harbor mouth!  We’ve got to put twenty leagues behind us before the sun sinks in the west!”
As the ship made its way toward the harbor mouth, an ensign, silver with a white swan surrounded by seven golden stars, was raised high up the foremast.  Baalath smiled, his eyes following Bounty Rae as it passed into open water.  “She can do twenty-eight knots when her engines are up and running full!  Got enough fire power to sink the entire Roman navy!  The priests of Hormax have nothing to compare to her. And we dress her up to appear like some tired trader…”
Susannah took Baalath’s hand.  “This charade we play keeps the world ignorant.  Better it is for them to remain that way.  If they knew the game of the gods, could we hold back the winds?  The day will eventually come when the secrets of Eden will be delivered to the sons of men, to test them to the full for life or death.  I ponder that day when those secrets are revealed, when mortals in human flesh will contend with the wisdom from the worlds above.”
Squeezing Susannah’s hand, Baalath quietly replied, “The next Council of HETH is soon to arrive.  You and I have an invitation to attend.  Noah will be there, and she has no plan to keep up her charade concerning the powers that woman possesses.  Maybe we will get a glimpse into the future when that wisdom is to be put on display for all to see.”
Susannah shuddered as a chill swept up her back.  “Hell hath no greater fury than that woman!  Legion has a bill to pay for his intentionally murdering Merlin and Swalhawena, and Noah will collect on it!”
Baalath closed his eyes, nodding in agreement.  “Dress rehearsal for future days when our kind stand the decks of the heavenly dreadnaughts…  Our gift is payback, vengeance unleashed.  At HETH, Noah will put the Worm on notice that when this rabble enters his world, we will bring his Hell with us!”  He pulled out a timepiece.  “Looks like we have to take our leave, if we wish to catch our ride to Ephesus.  Report has been made to me that the girl has won her contest.  Now you and I need to make preparation for her successful, future returning.”
Susannah asked, curious, “Are we finished with Rome?”
Baalath laughed, “Oh, no…  We will return soon to conclude our business here.  Juliet and BondaBoor are not leaving.  The madness in Rome has just begun.  It will bleed, must bleed before its days of retribution come to a finish.”
The two climbed into a carriage and departed for a lonely place, far out in the countryside.  In a few hours, they were silently skimming over land and sea, their destination a small villa north of Ephesus.  There they would console a broken-hearted officer, busy engraving a love song onto a memorial stone that he had raised up over the grave of a young woman who had become a goddess to him, starting the man on a journey of the profound.  Baalath and Susannah were journeying there to assist the fellow on his way.

*    *    *

Wine had flowed freely that night, Nero’s goblet filled again and again as he extolled his adventures by winning the gladiatorial contest earlier in the day.  With jubilant exuberance, he boastfully described every exaggerated detail of the contest.  Truth be told, the slaves who stood against him had been forced to remain awake all night, were drugged, and were only domestic servants dressed up to appear like gladiators.  This had done nothing to dampen Nero’s elation.   Finally, out of disgust, Poppaea departed the banquet hall to escape to the solitude of quieter rooms, something that did not sit well with Nero.
When Nero finally dismissed his guests and departed the banquet hall, he was in a foul mood concerning his wife’s embarrassing actions.  But Poppaea was in an even fouler mood. 
“What ails you?!” Nero screamed, as he entered his wife’s inner bedroom chambers.
“What ails you, dumb ass, making a mockery of yourself by bragging about your great victories in the arena?!  Everyone knows that the games are rigged when you stand before your opponent.  What man would not rather fall on his sword than bring harm to his emperor?!  If you went out there naked and with no weapon, you would still win the contest, and everyone at the banquet tonight knew that.  What a fool you are to pretend the hero when the eagle will dive upon a spear before hurting the titmouse standing before it!”
Screaming insults and abuses, Nero charged at Poppaea, slapping her hard across the face.  She raised her hand to ward off his second blow, enraging the emperor even more.  With a closed fist, Nero punched his wife just below her left eye, knocking her to the floor.
As he stood, trembling in rage, he cursed Poppaea.  “Your witching ways have spoilt all my joy in life, leaving the games the only thing my heart can have a passion for!  And now you attempt to steal even them away from me!  I doubt that child you carry in your belly is even mine…probably the brattling of a German slave!”
Touching her tortured face as she lay there on her side, Poppaea caustically spat, “I wish to the gods that it wasn’t yours!”
Nero screeched in blind madness, delivering one brutal kick after another to Poppaea’s abdomen, the first kick knocking the woman’s breath from her so that she could not cry out.  Again and again, he pummeled his wife, shouting curses and vile oaths, until bloody vomit gushed from Poppaea’s mouth.
Poppaea groaned, falling over onto her back, her eyes rolling up in her head.  Upon seeing this, Nero jumped high, driving his knees into her belly as he accosted her face with his fists.  “Bitch!  Bitch!  Bitch!” he screamed hysterically. “Then no child shall you have at all!  Death to it!  Death to it and all your witching ways!”  Leaning back, his knees sliding onto the floor, Nero grinned, gloating, “Now who’s the dumb ass?!  No one talks to me that way!  You’ll be more respectful next time I entertain my friends...”
Poppaea did not move, her eyes staring blankly upward.
Reaching forward, Nero began to shake Poppaea by the hair.  “Hey, bitch!  Bitch!  I’m talking to you, bitch!”
Poppaea continued to stare blankly, her eyes beginning to glaze over.  Shaking her head violently, Nero cried her named, screaming at the woman, his face nearly touching hers.  “Speak to me, bitch!  Speak to me!  I am the emperor!  Speak to me, if you wish to live!”
There was no reply.  As reality began to sink in that Poppaea might possibly be dead, an empty sickness started in Nero’s stomach reaching up into his chest.  “Wake up!  Wake up!” he cried.  “You cannot be dead!  You cannot be dead!”  He blubbered, “Wake up!  Please wake up!  I love you…cannot live without you!”
Some sort of movement caught his tear-filled eyes.  Looking up, he spied the auburn-haired goddess staring back at him.  “Ever bereft of love will you be for the murder of my kindred...”  The goddess disappeared into the shadows, never to be seen by Nero again.
Wailing, Nero staggered to his feet, extending his arms to the flitting shadow.  “No!  No!  You cannot leave me!  You have the power to deliver my wife back to me.  Please!  I beg you… Please deliver my Poppaea’s soul back to her!”
The shadowy sprite was gone, leaving little more than a haunting breeze as she vanished forever from Nero’s life.  The man took to the most mournful weeping as he stumbled toward the door, calling out to his servants to fetch the surgeon.  “Quickly!  Find him quickly!  My wife has had a great accident!  Hurry with the doctor!”
The surgeon soon arrived, verifying that Poppaea was dead.  “She has been crushed in the belly, drowning in her own blood and vomit.”
By now, there were several other people standing about, city officials having heard word of the terrible accident at the palace.  Covering his face, Nero bemoaned, “We were discussing the evening’s events when my wife cried out, clutching her face in pain and falling over backward.  In my haste to come to her aid, I slipped and fell upon her.  It was an accident, oh such a distressing accident!”
Tegellinus stepped forward, placing an arm about Nero’s shoulder.  “Such a deep tragedy, my Lord…  We all are suffering your loss.  So sad, so sad…but we are here for you.  If you desire, I will begin to make arrangements for you so that this beloved woman may receive a proper funeral celebration.”
Tears still running down his face, Nero thanked Tegellinus.  “Spare no expense!  She is the wife of an emperor and deserves the finest of burials.  I will personally see to the details after you have made the other proper arrangements.”

*   *   *

Balbinus sat, silently listening to the heated exchanges between the headman and Zeussah’s other servants, and the red-robed, hooded people on the other side of the table.  Most were hooded, that is, the two most vocal of the group having long ago exposed their identities to everyone present.  Noahashonie and her daughter, Hyhoset, had defiantly faced down the headman all that day, angrily arguing Rome’s future fate.  The headman continually defended the position of his people, declaring their innocence regarding Rome’s activities.  “We do not twist the arms of the nation’s leaders to do good or bad.  What is right and proper in their own eyes are the fated roads they take.”
Noah’s thunderous reply bordered on rage.  “You have twisted the hearts and minds of the leaders of Rome until like the walking dead they act, obeying your slightest of wishes!  Your priests of Horus manipulate and control every idea and decision those puppets make!  The land has been filled with the murder of the most innocent of people because of you… men, women, and children… only because they wish to believe in a redeeming God who loves them, unlike the stinking filth that you have invented for those worshiping the Worm!”
The headman refuted Noah’s harsh accusations, his dismissive words condescending and mocking.  “So mistaken you are!  As do your handlers, we only provide whatever vital information is needed at the moment.  Our priestly magistrates then do as you yourselves do, speak to the nations’ leaders with offers of support and assistance.  And see!”  He pointed at Balbinus.  “Our servants are peaceful, carrying no weapons at all with them,” sneering, “contrary to the likes of your kind who walk about with blades and other assassin weapons that maim and murder both flesh and spirit…” again, pointing at Balbinus, “as you have done with this innocent creature!”
Noah’s anger erupted.  “Your innocent creature created many a Zaelock, destroying the hearts and souls of my sister kindred, turning them into the walking dead to become tortured little beasts to do the will of the Whore-maiden…you!  His weapon to create such monsters was removed from him, making him a more peaceful servant of yours.”
 Shocked at being addressed in such a manner, the headman began to rebuke Noah.  “How dare you speak with such abhorrent disrespect to a lord in the House of Lucifer!  I…”
Noah cut him off.  “I speak not to a lord, but to the very chief girly-mistress of Lucifer, himself…  Zeussah… Legion, prince over the girly warlocks!   Yes, I know who hides behind those hooded robes!  And I know, too, that ShalLakai, your girly servant, not only stands beside you this day but, by your good graces, stood beside Suetonius that day on Mona when two of my Haudenosaunez companions were murdered…an act of diplomatic treason that has not yet been accounted for!” 
Balbinus recoiled in shock, almost falling out of his chair as he stared dumbly at the headman.  He had read accounts from ZaphipheRa and Rapadies about this high warlock from the Worlds Above having visited his presence upon men in ages passed, but never believed he would see that person, himself.
Legion did not flinch, his knuckles growing white as he squeezed the table edge in anger.  Slowly, the warlock wizard chief rose, unable to hide the fury churning within.  “Should I be able, I would rip out your tongue before crushing your head between my hands until your brains oozed from your ears!”
Noah jumped up on the table, a garish grin growing on her face.  “Should you like to do that, then have at it, you worthless piece of worm filth!”  She reached out, placing opened hands on the crystal barrier separating the two parties.  A mind-numbing explosion instantly rent the chambers, the crystal shattering into countless, fiery shards.  To everyone’s astonishment, Noah stepped forward, jumping from the table while shoving Legion back, her hands clasped tight about his collar.  Slamming him against the wall, she glared up into a terrified, surprised face, cursing him.  “Filth!  Do with me as you wish, piece of slime, or die where you stand, you miscreant coward!”
Legion whined in fear.  Seeing his coming death burning in Noah’s eyes, he screamed for Sodasonie’s intervention.  “Does the Mistress over the High Places not see the injustice and folly in this?!  You must correct this wayward person, for she violates all our protocols!”
Gathering her wits about her, Sodasonie called to Noah, asking, “By what right have you done such a thing?!  What is your intent?!”
Glowering at Legion, Noah exclaimed, “Beware this monster, for he seeks revenge over his injuries from a long ago battle at Memphis and he knows the person ruining his arm that day!”  She twisted her choking hold.  “Speak truth or die!”
Coughing, struggling to breathe, Legion cried, “Not for me!  Not for me!  I act only as the avenger of blood for my adjutant, Vulcancee, a man murdered in his innocence!  I…”
Noah erupted, cutting him off, “And I am the avenger of blood for my innocent kindred who were murdered on neutral ground while your servant, ShalLakai, stood by, approving the murder and violation of those people!  Tell me it is not so, that you had no knowledge of your girly servant’s actions, that you did not direct him to be there!”
“A court of law declares the legal right that an avenger of blood may exist!”  Legion cried.  “Your own kind has accepted that as fact…your own kind!  Where are your witnesses to present to the court that such an act of malfeasance has been committed?!”
Noah squinted, pressing her body against Legion’s.  “Twisted you have the scrolls of law, or forgotten them you have.  The avenger of blood has legal recourse to hunt down the perpetrator of innocent death until the court decides otherwise.  As for murder, there are no cities of refuge.  For you, Worm Maiden, I will provide a witness that murder was the intent and that ShalLakai stood by as the purveyor of those murders.”
Shouting over her shoulder, Noah commanded her witness to come forward.  Quietly, a figure slowly stepped from the shadows, disrobing as she did.  The person looked first at ShalLakai, his shocked expression proof of recognition.  Then looking at Legion, she professed, “I am Juliet Tobanahazz.  I, too, stood beside my companions that day, witnessing the murder and violation meted out against us, I alone escaping from that death.  ShalLakai stood beside Suetonius and Julianus, a Hormaxian priest in the house of the Black Warlocks.  It was ShalLakai who gave final counsel to Suetonius before his murderous actions against us!”
Noah hissed, “Unlike death under combat, which is how your Vulcancee died, it is not considered murder as long as war is played by dumb-ass rules made up by fools like you!  There was no declaration of war purveyed to the Haudenosaunez regarding Mona.  Only a peaceful resolution did my kindred seek, a conference that was offered and accepted by Suetonius.  In that case, what was done to my companions was murder, thus my right to avenge their blood.”  She pressed her closed fist against Legion’s throat.  “Therefore, it is my belief that you not only knew of this foul deed, but were the very perpetrator of it!  Thus, I will exact my right of vengeance upon you!”
Sodasonie was silent, standing back watching, trembling.  Nothing could she do nor dared to do.  Noah was within her rights to exact blood from the murderer of her kindred.  But Sodasonie knew for a fact that if harm came to Legion, the Heavens would run red with the blood of innocent and guilty alike.  With fearful trepidation, the woman watched, waiting for the fate of the universe to unfold.
Legion squealed as he gasped for breath, “Not I!  Not I!”  
Noah eased her grip.  “Yes…?”
“ShalLakai!” Legion cried in desperation, coughing.  “It was ShalLakai who took it upon himself to persuade Suetonius to murder your companions, I not knowing until after the evil deed was done!  I warned him not to follow the man to Mona, to stay away from holy ground.  He is the murderer of your kindred, not me!”
ShalLakai’s hand went to his chest as he stepped back, nearly knocking Balbinus over as he sat in his chair, causing the man to stand.  “No…I…I only carried out or…”
Legion screamed, “Enough!  Confess the truth or I shall put you to death myself and in my way!”
Now Balbinus stood there beside this servant Sky Child, dumbfounded.  True, ShalLakai had come to him in vision, but with Legion or the ghostly image of Legion at his side, the voice of Legion revealing many secrets concerning the Haudenosaunez and Mona to him, encouraging the Hormaxian high lord to seduce Nero into the murder of Merlin so that the priests of Hormax’ hands might appear clean regarding this crime.  As for Lady Drakous and Lady Tobanahazz, he did not even know they were on the island at that time.
It was true that the presence of Julianus on Mona betrayed any innocence the priests of Horus might have concerning Merlin.  But the part played by ShalLakai with Suetonius, even his being there that day, Balbinus knew nothing about other than from the shadow-talk of Julianus just before his suicide.  What was evident to Balbinus was the total lack of loyalty that Legion had for his long-time servant, ShalLakai.  If Legion was so willing to toss aside a fellow Sky Child when threatened, of what little value must Balbinus and the other priests of Horus be to him?  And should Lucifer be any better a god toward his servants?  In that hour, Balbinus’ worshipful adoration of Lucifer and his lesser godly servants faded away.
ShalLakai said nothing, his head drooping.  Death from an avenging angel would be far more humane than what would await him at Legion’s or Chrusion’s hand.  His death was assured now anyway, there being no escape from it no matter the outcome here this day.
Noah knew that Legion was lying to protect his own skin.  To kill him here and now was her greatest desire, yet she also knew the prophecy of the goddess raised to the Heavens who was to deliver his destruction.  She could also feel Sodasonie’s trepidation, her fear that Noah might abuse the powers given her to the ruination of all living things.  Noah would not betray the trust Lowenah and Sodasonie had in her.  She would be a good girl.  Snarling, Noah demanded, “So then, hand over to me the murderer of my people and see that justice is done!”
Legion pointed, “Take him yourself, for free you are to do with that man as you see fit, you being the avenger of blood for your kindred!”
Noah released Legion, ordering Hyhoset, who had also climbed across the table, to watch the scoundrel closely.  “Should he act deceitfully, bring him down to Hell’s pit!”
With a gleam in her eye, Hyhoset promised to do just so.  “I will not need to strike him twice!” she replied, sinisterly smiling into Legion’s face.
Noah stepped over to ShalLakai.  Pulling his hood back, she called over to Juliet, “Is this the abomination that stood beside Suetonius on the day of murder?!”
Juliet answered, “His face I did not see, but his energy is the same.  Have him speak, for I do well recall the voice of the man there that day. I did hear him telling the governor just before Lady Drakous and I were hauled high into the trees, ‘They must be taught a lesson!  Give them a ride they will never forget and then kill them!  Do not permit their living flesh to enter Rome!”
Noah commanded, “Repeat those words!”
Hesitatingly, without the help of the machine that disguised his real voice, attempting to mask his speaking characteristics, ShalLakai repeated what Noah had commanded him.
Juliet spoke up.  “For a certainty, this is the person who stood beside Suetonius that day.  He is the murderer of our kindred!”
Her fiery eyes staring into ShalLakai’s terrified face, Noah rebuked him.  “Had you only perpetrated the rape of my sisters and the imprisonment of Merlin, those things I could have overlooked, even from a hopeless abomination such as yourself!  Even the murder of Merlin, I might have been able to overlook, but Lady Drakous…?  Swalhawena was my closest and dearest companion, I loving her more than any other soul!  From me you have stolen my heart, raped it and tromped it forever in the dirt!  For this murder, I am exacting my revenge!”  In the blur of an eye, Noah reached up, grasping ShalLakai’s throat, tearing it away.  As blood gushed from the gaping wound, in the man’s final seconds of consciousness, Noah cursed him.  “Be off to the Empty Abyss reserved for the damned, your ever-world of nothingness!”
ShalLakai dropped to his knees and fell forward, onto the floor.  Throwing the torn, bloody flesh atop the man’s dying carcass, Noah turned to an astonished Legion, declaring, “This moot is not yet over!  I have business still with Rome, and you are not to interfere, or I shall do with it as will be done with the House of Hormax!  A lesson it must learn and a bill it must finish paying.  If you so much as lift one finger to stop me, I shall bring all your many works here to a finish and empty will be your purse for all your hard work!  What will you have then to pay your whore-master with?!”  She pointed, demanding, “Take that piece of filth with you and leave us!  This moot is now finished…”
Legion did not argue, seeing Death aflame in the eyes of both Noah and her daughter, Hyhoset.  What powers did these women possess and how did they come by them?  Even Gabrielle feared to speak up against them.  That he could feel.  Did they have the Heart of Atlantis?  Was it not destroyed when that kingdom sank beneath the waters?  So much he wanted to know, needed to know, but now was not the time to seek answers.  Today was one for escape and to ponder the hour’s events.  Tomorrow would be soon enough to seek the revealing of secrets.
The Heart of Atlantis he had stolen from Javan’s tent after his murder, exchanging it for a counterfeit one that King Dungie placed upon a pedestal beside his throne.  Had the true Heart of Atlantis, hidden deep within the pedestal by Nidgha, escaped the fiery destruction of that city?  How?  He could think of only one possible way it might have been delivered from destruction.  Someone got Nidgha to reveal it to them, but who?  His eyes narrowed in contemplation.  Many Councils of HETH had been held on Cyprus, deep under the Tobanahazz estate, convincing Legion that someone in the Tobanahazz family had connections with both the Sky Children and Haudenosaunez.  After Chuphoe’s death, he paid little more attention to the councils, finding them trivial and a waste of time.  But he did recall a name that remained connected to the estate for long years after the man’s death…a name he had not given consideration to until this very moment.
SuNidghaSungSei…SuNidghaSungSei…’Nidgha’s rescue’.  Could it be?  Could Nidgha have given to Chuphoe the Heart of Atlantis before he fled Atlanticia?  Staring at Juliet, things began to gel in Legion’s mind.  Juliet had been Chuphoe’s wife, escaping with him from Atlanticia.  Might Juliet have taken the Heart of Atlantis and given it to Noah so that now Noah wielded the power of the hidden Heavens, bestowing some of that glory on her daughter Hyhoset?
And the gold of Atlantis?  It suddenly made sense to him why the name Tobanahazz became so renowned in the days following Atlantis’ destruction.  Chuphoe was installed as head over the treasury before Dungie departed to war against Noahashonie in the east.  Upon seeing the city’s coming demise, he must have stolen away with those treasures, using them to build a name and wealth for himself.
Legion cursed.  Why had his spies and servants not informed him about these matters those many years ago?  What other secrets did the enemy have that his people had failed to discover…or worse yet, failed to inform him of?  Frowning with the realization that the gold and glory of Atlantis were currently out of reach, but pleased to think that the Heart of Atlantis might still exist, Legion quietly went about his task of having his other Servants gather up ShalLakai’s remains.  As they did, he assured Noah that he and his Servants would not interfere with Rome until Noah’s accounting was come to the full, that is, with her assurance that the empire would not be cast down to ruin.
“Not by my hand will its demise come,” Noah declared.  “But I shall not prevent its passing, should the Fates decide upon it.  Rome stands on its own.”  She wagged a bloodied finger at Legion.  “Should you attempt any interference, I will sink it in fire and rage so that it will go the way of Atlantis!  This is not a threat, for no god or angel will check my hand in this matter!  I am queen over this realm and my word is sacred here!  As you have seen, power of life and death over the Sons of God I possess in these worlds.  Do not play the fool against me, for next time it will not go as well with you!”
Hatred for this putrid little monkey creature burned in Legion’s eyes as he dismissed himself, following behind Balbinus, the last of Legion’s people to leave.  Never again did Legion return to a Council of HETH, making his Servants attend in his stead out of fear of Noah’s power.  True to his word, he did not attempt a coup on Noah, but remained far away from Rome until the days of Constantine.  Still, his passionate desire to once again possess the Heart of Atlantis sent him on an ever-quest for it in hopes he might find where Noah had hidden it.  The gold of Atlantis he also continued to make a search for, knowing that much of it still remained secreted away from the world of men.
Balbinus returned two more times during his life to the island of ice for the Councils of HETH.  He also continued to sit a high seat on the World and Maritime Courts, secretly knowing that ancient Haudenosaunez also sat the high council beside him.  The Hormaxian high lord no longer sought to deliver the Order of Lucifer to the world of men, but instead attempted to maintain the balance of power between the Father Church and the Haudenosaunez, realizing this war between the gods would rage far beyond his lifetime, even far past the existence of Rome.  No longer could he work in support of the Order of the Father Church, but he also dared not stand in opposition to it, choosing instead to become a man of letters and a collector of written history.

*    *    *

Suetonius watched quietly from the deck of the merchantman as it eased past the other ships in Ostia Harbor.  He smugly smiled, thinking about his brilliant escape from death, obtaining a pardon by bribing Emperor Vitellius.  True, it had cost him quite a bit of treasure plus his estates in Britain, but he still managed to escape Italy with a fair stash of gold and silver along with several deeds and contracts from outside sources.  “Fetch me some wine,” he called to a deck hand.
The man hurried away, soon to return with a goblet filled with a sweet, dark purple grape drink.  Taking a taste, Suetonius puzzled over the flavor.  Strange it was, different from any wine he ever drank.  He looked about the ship, puzzling.  It was a peculiar craft, unlike any other merchantman he had been on.  Oh well, his quarters were clean and the crew polite and courteous, for crewmen, that is.  As the ship passed the outer break wall, the old governor general sat down on a stool, watching the gulls flying about nearby fishing boats.  It felt good to be away from the dangerous politics of Rome.

Waking to a shuddering coming from deep within the merchantman, Suetonius sat up, wondering what this might be.  Many a ship he had taken passage on, but never encountered such vibrations before.  Had they hit something or possibly run aground?  Opening his cabin door and stepping onto the rocking deck, he stared in astonishment at the frothing waves made by the ship as it cut its way through the midnight seas at a frightening pace.  What was this a storm or brewing tempest?  He looked up in shock, seeing no sails set, yet like wild horses they were racing across the waters.
“Well hello, General Suetonius,” a cheerful voice called out.  “Enjoying a breath of fresh air on such a delightful night?”
Turning toward the person speaking, Suetonius was surprised to see the ship’s headman dressed in a peculiar uniform the likes of which he had never seen.  “What is this all about?” he asked, concerned.  “Are we trapped in a following sea that makes us fly like the wind while no sails are set?”
The headman laughed, “We have no need for sails.  Horses deep within the belly of this beast drive us ever on.”
Suetonius exclaimed, “Impossible!  There are no men or beasts with such power of might that could drive this ship ever on at this speed and…and I see no oars, either.  What is this madness all about?!”
The headman stepped forward.  “My dear Governor Suetonius, all your questions will be answered in due time…due time.  First allow me please to make an introduction.  I am Captain Tucson Bannock, and the ship you are standing on is the fighting barq, Bounty Rae, of the Lady’s navy.  It is one of the rather smaller warships in the fleet, but better for many of the smaller harbors found in the Great Sea.”  He pointed toward a fluttering, silver ensign with a white swan surrounded by seven golden stars high up the foremast.  “Perhaps you have previously been made aware of us, seeing your admiral came in contact with one of our small fleets during your Mona campaign.”
Suetonius gasped as he peered into the night sky, seeing that flag.  “Who are you really, apparitions from Neptune’s abyss, or gods from the underworld?!”  He squinted in thought, asking, “Or are you from the secret lands in the west, sent here by that witch Hyhoset?”
Captain Bannock laughed again.  “Your memory serves you quite well…quite well.  It is true that we sail under the direction of Queen Hyhoset, but it is not she who seeks an audience with you.”
Looking out at the frothing waves and then back at Suetonius, Captain Bannock bid his parting.  “Enough of this idle chit-chat...  I do hope your accommodations suit you well.  Breakfast will be at eight bells.  There you will meet our hosts who have arranged this voyage for you.  Uh, your tribute to Emperor Vitellius was a generous gesture, but the fellow had already received a rich reward for your pardon.”
Suetonius began with more questions.
Captain Bannock raised his hands, shaking his head.  “All of your questions will be satisfactorily answered in due time…in due time.  Take your rest tonight and wait upon what tomorrow will offer.”  He turned and strolled away.

At eight bells, a deck hand saying he was a steward delivered Suetonius to what the steward called the ‘mess hall’, empty now except for one table at which the captain and his officers sat, awaiting their guest.  There, standing behind the officers, other stewards, wearing white jackets and trousers trimmed in dark blue, were prepared to deliver the morning meal.
The captain and his ship’s officers stood, greeting Suetonius.  “Please…please sit down here beside me.  Our hosts will be joining us shortly.”
After Suetonius sat, a steward delivered to him a steaming cup of hot, dark brew.  The captain motioned toward two small bowls on the table.  “Some find the drink to be a little bitter.  They doctor it with cream or maple sugar, sometimes both.  Feel free to do as you might wish.  I take mine black as it comes to the table, adding a sprinkle of salt.”
After tasting the brew, Suetonius added a bit of sugar and cream, saying then that the concoction tasted quite good.  “What is this drink, Captain Bannock?”
Captain Bannock grinned.  “My people call this ‘chukkha’, made from a bean grown on the chukkha tree.  And please, Tucson it is… call me ‘Tucson’.  Named after my grandmother, I am.  I kind of favor it, seeing she is a Haudenosaunez witch queen in the western lands.  I use ‘captain’ only when being official.”
Suetonius nearly dropped his drink as he stared dumbly at the captain.  Bannock leaned toward a young steward, getting his attention.  “Please tell the crew to put on some sail.  We will be close to Sardinia shortly and there may well be a great deal of ship traffic.  We don’t wish to look too conspicuous, should any watch us passing by.  Thank you.”  He sent the steward away and looked at Suetonius.  “My nephew, good chap, learning the ropes, so to speak, stationed him here in the mess, best place to start one’s naval schooling.”
A sudden cry from above caught Suetonius’ attention, a woman’s voice commanding the crew to set the fore and mizzen sails.  “Hold the main, for we’re sailing against the wind.  Don’t want to reef us too hard to port now.  Keep the keel deep and steady.”
Suetonius gasped, “A woman…?”
Tucson grinned.  “My daughter Salina’s been a crew chief aboard Bounty Rae for two years now…looking for a promotion to midshipman soon. She’ll be fourteen come fall…good age for a midshipman.  Already takes on midshipman responsibilities when all the officers are busy or at breakfast.”
“Tucson...” Suetonius asked as he attempted to collect his senses.  “This Tucson I do not recall hearing about during any of my many excursions into foreign lands.”
The steward offered more hot brew to Suetonius and the others.  As he poured some into the captain’s cup, Tucson answered, “I’m sure you either made acquaintance or at least heard of the woman when you were in TuWaTayao, and I am a little puzzled over your reaction regarding the station women have in our world.  After all, it was not that many years ago that you brought your expeditionary force into our western worlds. We met back then, when I accompanied Hyhoset on a visit.  You took on quite a striking pose in that general’s uniform.  Impressed me the first time I saw you.”
“It cannot be!”  Suetonius cried.  “You’re so…”
“Young?” Tucson laughed.  “Well over eighty winters, I am.  The children of the Haudenosaunez have long lives in comparison to the common stock of men.”  He leaned toward Suetonius.  “I’m sure you at least have heard the name ‘Tuosolmerica’, witch queen over the temple at Ausalmerica.  She’s well known by people in the land of Meric, very close companion to Tosombabanna, sister of the late Lady Drakous.  I’m sure you have heard of her.”
Suetonius paled, his face going ashen.  What kind of world was he fallen into, the land of the gods where ships plied the oceans without sails, manned by the very children of those Titans?  A sickness grew in his belly as the realization of who these people really were sank in.
At that moment, a woman’s cry from the crow’s nest high atop the main mast sounded a warning.  “Roman galleys off to our larboard about four miles, moving toward the north and west.”
Again the captain spoke to the young steward.  “Tell the pilot to pull to the north if necessary to keep our distance.  Maintain twenty knots until we have out-sailed them.   Also, tell the crew chief to rig the sails to match our speed so as to keep an even keel.  Thank you.”
The young steward hurried away after acknowledging the captain, passing two new arrivals descending the stairs to the mess deck.
Captain Bannock quickly stood, the others, including Suetonius doing the same.  “Ah, my friends, I do hope my guests found their accommodations comfortable and that you rested well.”
As they all stood there, the captain introduced the new arrivals to Suetonius, though it was doubtful such an introduction was necessary.  “Governor, I would like you to meet the acquaintance of Lord Beaufort and Lady Juliet Tobanahazz.”
With his knees turning to jelly and his hands all a tremble, Suetonius sat down, fearing he might fall over in a faint.  Out of politeness, the captain and his officers all did the same.  All too well did Suetonius recall Lady Tobanahazz…far too well.  Little attention had he paid that day when his army had come upon the prison wagons, foolishly assuming that all three prisoners had died and that their rescuers had carried off only lifeless bodies.  Now standing before him was an eyewitness to events that day on Mona.  Little else would be the reason for her presence here aboard Bounty Rae other than to point an accusative finger at him for deeds done those several years before that would seal his sentence of death.
Lord Beaufort gave a polite bow of the head toward Suetonius then offered Juliet a seat by pulling out a chair for her.  After sitting beside Juliet, Beaufort presented his pleasantries.  “Governor Suetonius, a pleasure to have your company with us on this journey.  So much I had wanted to…”
Suetonius’ face clouded.  “Enough of your kindly prattle, Lord Beaufort, if that is who you truly are.  I see my death in all of this.  Let us cut to the quick as to why you have gone to these great lengths to have me delivered here.”
Juliet spoke up.  “Governor, it is not us who has orchestrated anything at all.  We are also guests of a host who is yet to make her appearance, the reason the captain is holding breakfast.”  She looked at Tucson.  “Isn’t that correct, Captain Bannock?”
Tucson smiled, nodding.  “That is correct, my Lady Tobanahazz.  Would you care for a cup of some hot brew?”
Suetonius interrupted, his temper flaring.  “This is nonsense!  Why do you not just kill me now and be done with it?!  Why tease the matter any longer!  Already I see that I am as a dead man with no hope of an acquittal.  Nor do I seek absolution for the deeds I have committed in the name of Rome.  So allow us to be finished with this travesty of polite etiquette and bring to a conclusion your final intentions!”
“Our final intentions are not to deliver any harm to you.  That is for another to decide… but it is to deliver you.”  Everyone turned to see who had recently arrived and was standing at the bottom of the stairway.
“Queen Hyhoset!” Suetonius gasped.  “It cannot possibly be!  You’re so… so…”
“Youthful in appearance?”  Hyhoset asked, standing naked before the company as she had before Suetonius those many years before.  “I am Hyhoset, daughter of the Black Angel and Javan the Younger, father-king over all the western lands before the rise of Atlantis.  Hyhoset I am, Queen over the jackals’ lair and Slayer of Demons.  Even the gods fear me, as you should have also.”
She came forward and sat down in the remaining chair at the table, commenting after doing so, “Death does not concern me, vengeance and the like, for all men must die after this miserable life of theirs.  No one escapes it.  Have I hurried others on to death?  Many I would say, and yet also even many of my own children I have watched grow old and die or be cut down in their youth.  My daughter, Medusa, was murdered by one of your ancestors, yet I did not seek revenge for that unwarranted death, for all men must die.  I also do not seek your death for real or imagined atrocities against innocents of mine and other kindred.  That judgment is for another day and not for me to decide.”
A steward poured Hyhoset a cup of hot, morning brew.  Tucson smiled, looking toward a waiting steward.  “Now that our host has arrived, please serve breakfast.”
The steward bowed politely and hurried away.

Two days later, Bounty Rae entered the Atlantean Sea, turning to the north after leaving Europe far over the eastern horizon.  At evening dusk, the ship slowed to a drifting stop, Captain Bannock standing on the deck as Salina climbed up to the foremast’s crow’s nest with an eyepiece.  Suetonius slowly walked over to the captain as he studied the Western Sea, silently pondering the following days since boarding in Ostia.
So strange it all was…the ship and crew as if raised from worlds beyond fantasy’s dreams with machines of wonder and weapons of unbelievable power.  No chance did Rome’s navies nor any of the world’s navies stand against this ship!  And it was but one of an armada that sailed the world’s oceans.  He thought about his admiral’s report concerning the Mona campaign and the two war galleys that were torn to pieces in front of that man’s eyes.  Yet never in all Suetonius’ days, including his stay in TuWaTayao, had he ever seen or heard of this…this ghost fleet.  What else might these children of the gods be hiding from the world of men?  The answer was not long in coming.
“There she blows!”  Salina shouted down to her father, pointing off toward the northwest.  “About two leagues off!”
Captain Bannock acknowledged the report and walked over to a speaking tube.  “Slow ahead, west-northwest.”  He then ordered his first mate, “Call the crew to quarters.  Notify our guests to prepare to disembark.”
He then turned to a very surprised Suetonius.  “This is where we part, Governor.  Gather up whatever things you have and be prepared to leave in twenty minutes.”
“What?!  How?!”  Suetonius cried, perplexed.  “We are in the middle of the ocean.  If it has been your intent to toss me into the sea, why have you waited until now?  Is this where you sacrifice to your gods or something?”
Bannock grinned, “If our intent was to feed you to Neptune’s hungry fishes, then I would not recommend you gather up what articles you wish to take with you for the remainder of your journey.  Now be a good sport and get ready to depart.  We will be joining up with your new ride shortly.  My ship and I have other business to attend to back in Rome and cannot dally further on this voyage.  I do hope that you and Lord Beaufort were able to conclude your business, for he will be remaining here with me.  As for ladies Juliet and Hyhoset, they will be accompanying you on the remainder of your journey.”
Now even more perplexed, Suetonius slowly went to his cabin to gather up his luggage, or what little luggage remained.  Lord Beaufort had managed to relieve him of the many contracts, deeds, and even what silver he possessed, exchanging it for strange scrip that Beaufort said would do him much better where he might be going, though he made no promises if Suetonius would ever have opportunity to use the scrip.  Suetonius had found it useful aboard Bounty Rae, the sailors heartily accepting it for little favors or when playing some of the games of chance where he could trade one or two small scrip for a few chips that were played in the game.
The ship’s bell had just finished chiming eight times, signaling the evening hour closing upon them, when Suetonius returned topside with what little baggage he had remaining.  Though he had lost all of his silver and legal scrip, he had not been relieved of his gold, of which he carried a sizable amount.  Was this to be handed over at a later time?  He did not know but, for the people aboard Bounty Rae, no one had shown a desire for it or had threatened him to take it.  Even Lord Beaufort did not mention it when extracting those other valuables from him.  Curious...
When he rounded the side of the deckhouse, Suetonius nearly fainted, dropping his luggage in shock.  There, off to the larboard side of the ship, an immense, black monster of the deep lay in the water beside Bounty Rae, a giant eye in the side of its tower glaring down at him.  “What is this, a monster from Hell?!” he wailed, falling back against the deckhouse wall.
Crew Chief Salina caught Suetonius up by the arm.  “Do not fear, Governor.  This is but a ship made of iron, built by men of flesh and bone the same as you.”
It took a bit of convincing that this truly was a ship…a ‘boat’ as its crew wished to call it.  Twice the length of the largest Roman war galleys it was, and that only what was visible above the waves gently lapping its sides.  A flying gangplank connected the two ships together, permitting it to move back and forth a bit between the decks with the rocking movement of the waves.  Crew members…both men and women…were scurrying back and forth across that gangplank with bags, bundles, and supplies, many stripped to the waist, wearing only skirts or short leggings with loin cloths as they hurried about their duties.
Crew Chief Salina finally led Suetonius to the same gangplank he had been watching the sailors using.  Standing on the deck beside it were Captain Bannock and Lord Beaufort, both men offering polite salutations as he approached.  A midshipman from the boat took Suetonius’ luggage and gingerly strode across the gangplank to the other side.
“Please do be careful, Governor.  It can be a little tricksy the first time or two crossing over on one of these in open water.”  Lord Beaufort politely did a slight bow. “Governor, the boat’s name is ‘SuNidgha’.  She’s captained by my granddaughter, AssuanSion Tomassie, her mother being Captain CorithSion, daughter of SuNidgha Hailsalie, last princess of Carthage, and her father is Admiral Rae Tomassie, commander over the Lady’s Submariner navy.”
Suetonius’ eyes grew large with wonder.  “Carthage has been gone now for over two hundred years, yet the captain of yonder ship is granddaughter of Princess Hailsalie?!  The poets write that the princess and her husband vanished during the last siege of that city, most believing they perished in the raging fires that swept through it.  Yet you say that you and she…?”
Lord Beaufort smiled politely.  “We had two children together.  Our son, Richard died when his submarine boat, SeaBreeze, sank to the bottom of the Atlantean Sea.  Our daughter, CorithSion, went to sea aboard one of these boats when she was but five years old, eventually working her way up through the ranks until becoming captain of the submarine boat SuNidgha.” He pointed, “Now her daughter is captaining it.”
As Lord Beaufort’s words began to sink in, Suetonius started to understand how foolish he had been to even consider he might lead a Roman invasion against the people in the west.  With warships of this grand size and weapons to match, not one Roman soldier would have ever reached western shores, should these people wish to prevent it.  Yet they did not use these wondrous weapons to rule over the worlds of men, something Rome would certainly do if it had such power.
Who really were these people, these Haudenosaunez and those with them?  His future journey aboard the submarine boat SuNidgha only increased his amazement and puzzlement.

After the initial shock and trepidation of finding that SuNidgha was underway beneath the waves, sometimes to depths of several hundred feet, Suetonius settled down to the routine of undersea life, at least as a passenger aboard one of these boats.  Unlike surface ships, there was no day or night aboard a submarine boat.  Quiet hours?  Yes, but still there were always some hustling activities at any time of the day.  The governor was treated in much the same manner as he had been aboard Bounty Rae, with freedom to wander about the boat and speak with any of the crew able and willing to converse with him.  The crew had few secrets they cared to hide other than the boat’s destination and the reason for the governor’s presence here.
Captain AssuanSion had been as friendly and polite as Captain Bannock, inviting Suetonius to dine with her on occasion.  From AssuanSion he discovered that her grandfather, Lord Beaufort, was long ago known as Headman Baalath, telling the tales of him during the warring between King Javan and AnahNakaNoah, up through his adventures and escape from Atlantis’ destruction.  The woman also told tales of her grandmother’s escape from Carthage and how the romantic relationship developed between Baalath and the woman.
Suetonius also learned about great undersea cities, the wars between the priests of Hormax and the Haudenosaunez, and other political intrigues.  Accounts concerning Juliet and the Dragon witches of long past days were most intriguing, especially the part about Juliet and her affairs with Thaladies and Zhadrehaudous.
AssuanSion laughed when asked about her own powers. “The glory of the witching dream is not something we daughters have ability to deliver.  I do believe that we, the descendants of the Haudenosaunez, have inherited certain qualities from them that please our men folk, but the dream share of the Dragon’s Kiss and the Angel’s Caress belong only to those witches.”  She smiled seductively, reflecting, “I have been known to get into a man’s mind and mess with it a bit…a bit, but not like the Dragon witches can.”  She mused, looking off with distant longing, “And the Dragon warlocks of their kind possess similar powers, or so I have been informed.”  She looked back at Suetonius.  “I imagine that is why my grandmother fell so deeply in love with your Lord Beaufort and my mother so much with my father, Admiral Rae Tomassie.”
Suetonius asked, “You and others speak of your father being admiral over the Lady’s Navy, yet not one word have I heard concerning her.  Who is this Lady that is being spoken of?  Is, or was she a real person, or does it refer to something different than a lady…a woman?”
AssuanSion explained, “Oh no, the Lady is a real person, but not of this world.  The Lady, better known to the children of the Haudenosaunez as ‘Sodasonie Kue Shandii’, guardian over all things mortal in both Heaven and Earth, is our Cherub of protection.”  The woman went on to tell tales of Sodasonie that she knew, from the time of Javan up through current days.
Suetonius wondered, amazed, “Have you ever met this person?”
AssuanSion nodded slowly.  “Only once, when a little child.  I saw her standing beside my father on his flying ship, but that was a long time ago.”
The latter part of the captain’s statement caught Suetonius by complete surprise.  He blurted out, perplexed, “Flying ship?  Did you say your father has a flying ship that travels across the sky?”
AssuanSion grinned.  “Not just one now, and not just across the sky, but far out beyond it toward the stars, or so I have been told.  I have been informed that an entire navy of new boats is being designed and built to replace old antiques like this boat.  Those flying boats will be able to move under the seas or high in the sky, possibly flying all the way to the moon one day.  I don’t know if I will live long enough to see that day, being already past my one hundred and fortieth birthday and uncertain how long I may live…another one hundred years or so, maybe.”
Suetonius’ head spun with confusion, having too many questions to be answered in a day or two.  He looked into AssuanSion’s face.  “You do not look a woman to be more than in your early twenties, yet you say that you were born in the days of Julius Caesar.  How is that so?”
Confirming it, AssuanSion explained, “I was born about the same time as Cleopatra, daughter of Ptolemy XII, seeing Emperor Caesar the first time when he was warring against Ptolemy XIII, just before his victory against him in Greece.
“As for my aging… your kind grow up and mature to around the age of thirty or so, then your aging process begins so that by the time you reach your forties, other people also notice it.  Then how much time does one of your kind have if you are healthy and strong, another thirty or possibly forty years?  So your aging process lasts maybe forty years from the time your youthfulness begins to wane.  The aging process of my kind…the children of the Haudenosaunez…also lasts about forty years or so, but the days of their youthfulness cannot be measured for a certainty.
“A sign for the women is their barren wombs, it being more of a realization that offspring they can no longer produce, seeing that many of my kind do not have cycles in the blood as your kind do.  From that time onward, we women know that our aging process has begun and that only forty or so years we have left to live.  I suppose for the men there is also some kind of internal sign, for they act in similar fashion with knowledge that their years are now numbered.  No, I for my part have not reached that time in my life, so my years remain uncertain to me.  I imagine this was the same for our ancestors like Noah and his children.”
“You speak of Noah, but not of his wife.”  Suetonius puzzled.  “Is there reason for that, or do I read more into your statement than I should?”
Laughing, AssuanSion answered, “It is no secret among my kind.  The goddess, Aphrodite, your kind bow low to in worship…something that disheartens her so…is none other than the mother of all living kind.  And yes, she still walks among the sons of men in the shadows of their world.  She is our Queen Mother Daughter Dragon, head of its order for those few Dragons who still roam this world.”
Suetonius nearly howled in desperation, “Witches, Dragons, Angels and Demons!  What kind of a world do we simple men of clay really live in?!”
The captain calmly replied, “Your question deserves a more lengthy answer than I have time to offer.  I suggest you seek out Hyhoset and ask her, saying that I suggested it.  She will not bite you.  Speak to her as I have recommended and wait upon what she says.  She is your host and has decided this journey for you and how you are to take it.  Ask her what you may and she will answer as she wills.”
Eventually, Suetonius did as AssuanSion recommended.  Hyhoset did not disappoint, but filled the man’s ears with tales of days long past, of happy and sad times, of kindness and evil deeds, until the man believed his head would burst from all the things he was being told.  Still, their destination and reason for it were not revealed to him.

The time eventually arrived when Suetonius was called up topside in the chill fog of morning darkness.  Captain AssuanSion quietly addressed the governor.  “This is where we part ways.  Your things are already stowed in the dinghy.  Here is a wrap to put about your shoulders.  It is damp and quite cool.  You might catch a chill without it.”
Suetonius thanked the captain for her hospitality and slowly made his way down the ladder into the dinghy, Juliet and Hyhoset already there.  As soon as he was seated, a sailor turned a handle on the tiller.  With a quiet whirring noise, the dinghy began to slowly pull away from the submarine boat.  After turning the dinghy around, the whirring increased along with the sound of churning water as the tiny craft sped away.
Sitting near the bow, Suetonius watched as small ships loomed out of the darkness, being quickly passed, with more of the same appearing out of the gloom only for them to be left far behind.  In time, the governor could see what he thought to be land ahead.  Soon a dock came into view.  The sailor at the tiller quieted the whirring, allowing the dinghy to drift up to that dock.  When they were close, another sailor in the bow tossed a rope up to others standing near a boarding ladder.
Someone cheerfully called down asking if everyone had a pleasant journey.  Surprised at hearing a familiar voice, Suetonius asked, “Is that you, Lord Beaufort?”
The person called back, “Why yes, Governor, it is.  What a surprise that you recognize me in this darkness.”
In short order, Suetonius, Juliet, Hyhoset and three other passengers were standing on the dock while the dinghy and crew quietly slipped away into the darkness.  Lord Beaufort stepped up to Suetonius, requesting him to extend his hands.  “I’m sorry old fellow, but we must place you in manacles for the remainder of your journey.  Just protocol, you know.”
Suetonius willingly complied.  What choice did he have?  As he was led away toward a waiting, covered carriage, he asked, “Please, my good sir, Lord Beaufort, will you now tell me where I am?”
Opening the door in the back of the carriage, Lord Beaufort turned to face Suetonius, grinning.  “Certainly…welcome to Mona.”

*    *    *

Although recorded as the ‘Trial of Suetonius’ in the annals of Haudenosaunez history, the following events resembled such very little.  There was no judge, jury, accusers or eye witnesses giving their accounts and recollection of matters.  The die had already been cast concerning the governor’s guilt, his crimes read aloud before the gathered audience.  And what an audience it was!  Not only were most of the Haudenosaunez and Aphrodite there with a few high-ranking Dragons and Templar Knights, but also eight of the Sky Children including Sodasonie, Chasileah, PalaHar, Joleck, and Zadar.
Suetonius was overwhelmed with awe to the point of a near faint when the names of those gathered in this court were read aloud.  It was incomprehensible from his point of view to see himself as so important a person to have the gods and their children assemble to pass judgment on him.  It was far more probable that he was the opening act, as was often done in the Roman games, the precursor for the main event that would soon follow.  Although this seemed reasonable to him, the governor saw that he, alone, was bound in irons.
“Governor Suetonius Paulinus,” Hyhoset called out after she stood, “rise and step forward to face this court.”
Mustering his strength, Suetonius stood erect, stepping into the middle of the circle of those gathered in what was called ‘Merlin’s Grove’, a copse of ancient oaks nestled in a small glen a short walk from Lumdon’s burned and ruined estate.  Turning to face Hyhoset, the witch woman standing in a narrow pathway in the circle that led to a red-trimmed black tent outside the circle, Suetonius stopped, his unfaltering gaze fixed upon her.
Hyhoset stared into Suetonius’ eyes, her steely glare hiding all emotion and feeling.  The woman finally sat, saying not another word.  Other than a quiet breeze drifting through the trees, and occasional cry of a distant bird, all was silent, everyone waiting upon a moment.  Glancing over at the sky gods, Suetonius could see that they also waited, the expressions on their faces reflecting patient anticipation, as if they, too, wondered what the future was to bring.
Was it for a moment or forever that he stood, waiting for what the Fates were to deliver upon him?  Suetonius did not know.  After a seemingly endless eternity, the flap of the black tent opened and a red-robed person slowly stepped into late afternoon shadows.  The person quietly walked up the path into the middle of the circle until stopping only inches from the governor.
The person was taller than Suetonius and, even hidden by the robes, was obviously mighty in form and stature.  So it was that much greater a surprise to the governor when a woman’s voice he heard coming from under the hood that secreted the person’s face.  “Long have I anticipated this day, to face the man who murdered my life...”
Suetonius was dumbstruck, though in his heart he knew who was hiding under these robes.  The Black Angel, herself, was now standing in his presence, and everyone gathered here this day was waiting upon their queen to execute the judgment that had already been cast upon him.  Too many years had this man stood the battle line to cower; too many contests had he fought to beg for mercy; and too many emperors had he stared down to bow low this day.  He stood tall, eyes straight ahead.  “I stand before you a man already judged guilty of crimes uttered and unuttered, but face to face I do it, not hiding myself behind masks to cloak who I am.”
The person threw her hood back, her eyes glaring ravenous hatred for this man.  “Noahashonie I am, queen over all these realms of men.  The sun will not rise on the morrow, should I will it to be so.  You are the filth that stole from me the one person I have loved since the world’s beginning!  And you took from us all our kindred who only sought the rescue of innocent lives from the hands of a murdering betrayer of truth!  Most damnable of your countless crimes were your treasonous actions against them, tricking those you offered to parley with in diplomatic session!  All other evil I can overlook, but that you should deceive honest hearts only attempting to save innocent lives…that, I cannot forgive!  Speak now before I cast my sentence of death upon you and deliver your worthless carcass to Heaven’s Gate!”
Suetonius was already a dead man…that he knew before the Black Angel spoke.  How he was to die would not be pleasant…that this witch queen had now assured him of.  Still, Suetonius was a Roman soldier, was most of his life.  Right or wrong, he was proud of being a Roman and also proud of his service to his nation.  No forgiveness was he going to seek and begging for mercy was not in his blood!  He stared directly into Noah’s vengeful, burning orbs, but spoke to everyone present.
“I was a Roman born, a Roman bred, a Roman raised, and a Roman I shall die.  Proud to be a Roman I am, no less proud than you are to be whatever you were born and raised.  For Rome I have lived and for Rome I have warred, pillaged, and murdered…yes, murdered…yet for no different reason of heart than your kind has done for your cause.
“I have seen my very countrymen and women slaughtered and hung upon the gateposts of our burned cities, our little children raped before having their skulls crushed upon the stones, and the breasts cut off our women folk, the old, feeble, and weak dragged from their homes and butchered beside their gateposts.  Yes, all these things I saw and witnessed, my heart filling with vengeful rage!  You think I speak about Boudica and her murderous rampage against my people, but ‘no’, I say, for the peoples of the Germanic lands many times committed such atrocities against my people.
“So I hardened my heart and went in pursuit of my enemy with a vengeance, taking up the commander’s staff with the intent of bringing all opposing Rome…my nation…my people… down to Hell’s gates.  All enemies of Rome were my enemies, for they threatened my people, my nation, the ones I loved and the world I loved.  So when orders came for me to deliver Merlin up to Death’s door, I did not hesitate to carry out those commands.  I was protecting my country, my people, mattering little the way I needed to accomplish it.
“You accuse me as the scoundrel and scallywag of evil for murdering innocents…your kindred…and you stand in front of me as the avenger of blood for those innocents lost.  Yet how are you better than I?  Murder!  Murder!  From the hour that your Javan moved his unstoppable army across the dried up Bantoowazzi River, the innocence of your kind was forever lost.  Bereft of son you left mother, and bereft of father you left daughter.  It mattered little whether it was to bring down a wicked host or for riches and gold, you have ever murdered your way across the pages of history, spilling the blood of both innocent and guilty in your holy quest!
“Tell me, if you can, how many sons, husbands, and fathers, did you leave remaining upon the field in those days when the king of Atlantis marched his conscripted armies toward New Paris?!  Then your prophet, HuushBonn, stood up in the crowd declaring the futility of the returning of the survivors of those armies to Atlantis, crushing all hope of those men of ever seeing wife, lover, or child again.  No hope those men had!  Yet on they went to their death, dreaming that the wind gods might be kind so that they might have an hour or day to spend with those they loved before the world burned and sank around them.
“Is it power that makes right?  If that is so, then Rome is a most righteous nation, for it wields its power for the whole world to witness, not hiding it under the waves or behind furrowed sails.  Should power be the gift of the gods…for I see that the gods all rule by power…then a most righteous man I have been, using the power of Rome to bring its righteous justice to the world of men.
“You stand here in front of me, pious in your holiness, saying that the Great God of Heaven has delivered power unto you to do his will, yet your Great God conceals himself from the lowly ones of mankind who must grovel in the darkness and filth, searching for crumbs of truth!  Who is the worm that may know which bird he is to best serve in its feast?  Little men we are, used up by the gods for good or ill.  In your crowd, I am witness to the goddess who put on flesh to come rescue mankind from certain death, yet she allowed the man who loved her more than any other man to die a most horrid death before the crowds, I being witness to that event…and even approving of it.   This I do not understand… How is it love to make one’s servant follow along a dark road by faith, alone, and yet condemn a poor fellow as an enemy of the Great God because he carries an amulet for the faith he does not understand?!
“Do I stand here and declare your Great God evil and wicked?  No, not at all!  But I say this…If it is by power and might that he is declared good and righteous, then I, too, am a righteous man, and Rome is the most righteous nation of all!  But if it something else…kindness, love, forgiveness, and empathy, then am I not a man walking blind in a world of darkness, seeking the light of truth?  And where is that truth, in your power and might?  Never may that be, for by your power and might, by your ability to bring down to the pit and destroy men of dust, you have proved nothing at all!  No better than the priests of Horus, who you decry as being the most evil of living creatures, no better than they are you, for by power, threat, and mightiness in magic and mystery, they lord it over men of dust!
“No, I Suetonius, have come to see the spirit of the Great God in the very power he has delivered into your hands that you do not use!  I see him in the faces of the men and women who stand the decks of your most fearsome warships, willing volunteers risking life and limb for a cause they, as free men and women, believe in.  I also saw this in the eyes of your man Paul, as he stood before crowds, waiting certain death, and in the eyes of Merlin, Lady Drakous, and even now in the eyes of Lady Tobanahazz…yes, even in the eyes of Lord Beaufort and his daughters when describing to me as they did regarding his anguish over the loss of his Swalhawena.  I saw in their eyes the eyes of the Great God who looks beyond the pain with a hope of some better future when that future seems so hopelessly far away.
“Do I regret what I have done to those you cherished so?  Would I, with what knowledge I have gained since that time, do the same?  How fair is it to judge a man on ‘might have beens’?  With what knowledge I had then, I acted as I did then, and should a future time call on me to act the same with the knowledge I had then, certainly I would do the same again.  So judge me then on what I have done in the past if you will, for I cannot change the past...though now should the same moment come to me with the knowledge acquired, I might well do differently.
“Guilty I am of injustices done in the past, so execute that judgment upon me, for deserving of that judgment I am.  But do not ask me to beg your forgiveness for what I could not have known at that time.  I ask you for no mercy and seek no redemption.  No future life do I hope for, nor bow low in order for your Great God to have mercy upon me.  A Roman I am, obeyed my emperors I have, but never worshiped them.  To no god, demon, or man have I bent low in reverence to achieve any gift at all, and I will not change who I am now to gain your favor!”
Suetonius’ jaw stiffened, his gaze boring into Noah’s eyes.  “So strike me down now as you will, torture my mind and heart as was done to Zhadrehaudous!  In pain, I may cry out during my hour of anguish, but never will I beg and cower before you!  Satisfy your heart with my death, if you believe it will ease your pain.  But let it be known this day I, Suetonius, died as free a man as any of your kind who serve before the mast, sail under the seas, or who rode beside your Javan as he charged Pharaoh’s battle line.  Not all things Roman are evil.  I willingly die for all things in Rome that are good!”
Noah’s body trembled, her hate-filled, burning orbs boring into Suetonius’ eyes, as a great warring raged within her soul.  She only wanted to crush this disgusting worm standing defiant before her!  So bold he was to not even seek absolution for wicked acts committed against her, accusing her of being no better than demons when, by will of might, they extolled their righteousness!  The man would not seek mercy, but willingly die for his vile acts if that was what it took to satisfy this woman’s heart.
Bitter, too, was the pill delivered with his words, striking her deep within the secreted visions and desires of her heart.  If power and might were truly holy signs of righteousness, then why had Lowenah been so unwilling to display them to her children?  Why did she allow wicked men to live when her own, faithful children were crushed under the feet of those evil people?  Then why had the Sky Children given to Noah the powers they had, why?  “Power is a protection when used wisely.  But wielded unwisely, it becomes the Devil’s tool.”  So spoke Sodasonie when Noah received extraordinary powers from her.
Clenching her fists and staring into the sky, Noah screamed out, distraught.  The sun darkened as a tempest tore through the wooded glens, tearing limbs from giant oaks, crashing down about the people sitting in the court.  Beseechingly, she cried out to the Heavens in the ancient tongue of the Mozerathas, tears streaming down her face, “Why have you delivered me to this Hell from which I cannot escape!  Death!  Oh, death!  A gift to all unrighteous men, but for me, your servant girl, you condemn me to this eternity of damnation!  Take from me my soul so that this agony might pass me by!”
The storming tempest quickly dissipated.  Noah opened her eyes, staring at Suetonius.  “Few are the miserable years you have left.  A blessed man you are.  I must go on to see this thing to a finish while you rest in the peace of silent tombs.  I guess a blessing you have also given to the one I have loved so much, seeing that she will not have to suffer as I.”  At that, Noah slowly turned away and went off into the deep forest.
Stunned into silence, those gathered watched as their witch queen departed.  In time, Hyhoset stood.  “The judgment hour has passed.  Give to the one accused his freedom.  Pardoned for his crimes he has been declared.”
As the others began to stir, Lord Beaufort approached Suetonius, unlocking his manacles and letting them fall to the ground.  He smiled sadly, “Well, Governor, you’re a free man.  What is your wish, to be taken on to Madagascar, or to be delivered back to Rome, or might you have another place you wish to wander to?  The choice is yours.”
Suetonius puzzled, “I do not understand it at all!  Why all this for judgment to be passed by gods, and me one lowly, little man?  Am I so important that such a thing must be done?”
Lord Beaufort peered down the path into the deepening woods.  “Oh, true, judges sat the court this day, but you were not the one being judged, only the flame to set the blaze alight.  To those given much, much is to be expected.  Yet how strong is the bow if the archer does not draw it back to its limits?  The bow this day was drawn, the Maker of Worlds showing to us all how mighty in strength that bow really is.  Tested it has been, and successful its might has proved, driving the arrow straight and true.”
Turning back to Suetonius, Lord Beaufort again asked, “Since it has not been by your will that the Fates have delivered you here this day, my offer to you stands true.  Where do you wish to be taken?”
Suetonius rubbed his chin in thought.  “Too much I have witnessed to make a return to Rome, and how might an old man like myself be able to keep silent concerning these things I have witnessed should the wine come on me?  Madagascar?  It doesn’t appeal to me as much as it once did.”  He looked at Beaufort.  “Truly, what I would like is to journey further into your worlds, see the undersea cities, ride a flying ship, travel into western lands to learn the fate of my boys I left behind in your worlds so many years ago.  For me, that is what I wish to do, if such a thing is even possible.”
Lord Beaufort grinned, motioning to a man standing nearby.  Beaufort introduced him to Suetonius.  “Governor, this is Admiral Rae Tomassie.  I do believe he may be of some assistance to you.”  Beaufort then went on to explain Suetonius’ desires.

The following morning, darkness found Suetonius in another dinghy, sitting beside the admiral as they headed out of the tiny harbor for Rae’s submarine boat waiting in the channel.  By the time the sun rose above the eastern isles, the submarine boat, Rae, and Suetonius were drifted off into legend and tales.  Eventually, the former Roman governor would pen an account of his adventures.  Through fanciful prose and bewitching imagery, his adventures would be recorded, a copy eventually falling into the hands of another fanciful writer who would, himself, pen works of fantasy where men traveled twenty thousand leagues beneath the sea, flew to the moon, and even warred between the worlds of men and gods.

(Author’s note… Thus what the Sky Children came to call the ‘Two Hundred Years War’ gradually came to its end.  Beginning with the fall of Carthage and its closing years arriving in the days of Emperor Titus when Vesuvius unleashed its wrath against the world of men, the war sounded the death knell for the age of kings and gods.
Though it would one day pass from the world scene, the political web of Rome would be woven into the tapestry of all the nations throughout the Earth.  Through its former slave states that were to rise higher in glory, Rome’s influence was to reach down to the days of New Atlantis.  Although ruled over by vile despots and cruel dictators, Rome became remembered for its inspired tales of common men living with freedom of heart.  By stealing from Greece ideals of democracy and human rights, the poets of later days would praise the founders of Rome for being the fathers of such political concepts, turning many of Rome’s emperors into heroes or villains of legend.
As flames from the third great burning of Rome in the days of Emperor Titus changed forever the appearance of that city, so did the raging, religious firestorm that swept through the empire, eventually bringing to ruin the worship of Zeus along with all his gods and demigods.  The new religion introduced among the citizens of Rome by men like Paul who preached a better world through love and peace brought to a ruin all the works of Legion.  By the time New Atlantis rose above the raging seas through the storms of Bunker Hill, Valley Forge, Saratoga, and Williamsburg, the nature of this new religion was being incorporated into the very fabric of the constitutions and laws of the powers ruling over the world at that time.
Suetonius was proud to be a Roman and declared his willingness to die for the good things found in Rome.  Yet the pride of Rome did not stop with him.  Why, even into the Heavens there trod the iron clad feet of the Roman soldier, this time to bring down the house of the Worm.  One day, a man dressed in all the finery of the empire would sit his armored warhorse, overlooking the burning city of Memphis, his goddess consort who stared down those very same powers of Rome in Ephesus at his side.

The Two Hundred Years War came to a finish, leaving the power of Rome alive, yet changing it ever so slightly that it might never completely fade into forgotten memory.  High Priest Balbinus lived far into the age of this new Roman birthing, busying himself in writing down what he recalled from the lost scrolls of the history of the Hormaxian priesthood after his library of books and the great chest were consumed in the fires of Vesuvius’ rage.  The old priest wrote truth to facts as he described the things he had witnessed, cautioning all who might follow him to be careful in their dealings with the Haudenosaunez and beware of the tricksy ways of their own overlords.
True to his word, for fear of Noah, Legion long remained aloof from Rome, not interfering with its intrigues.  The power of Legion’s gods was eventually broken, credited in part to the way Balbinus restructured the priesthood, it becoming far more of a shadow government, guiding kings and nations rather than dictating their fate.  Also, the power of the Zaelock was greatly reduced because the sacred writings and incantations of high lords ZaphipheRa and Rapadies were consumed in that volcanic cataclysm, Balbinus, for unstated reasons, failing to include them in his new accounts.

As worlds under the influence of Rome continued to wander down their roads of unpredictable, often violent mediocrity, the focus of the Hormaxian lords and the Haudenosaunez turned toward the lands of Meric in the west.  Though Legion abandoned Rome to its own fate until the days of Constantine, he did not retreat from his clandestine search for the Heart of Atlantis.  So it was that he stirred up the southern priests of Hormax to secretly venture into the forbidden lands of the north, corrupting the sons of Meric into committing fornication against Iam, allowing the prince of the Worm access to those lands previously beyond his reach.
Though these actions would lead to the ruin of a mighty race of people and their eventual enslavement to the evils of Hormax, in time delivering a savior in the form of a man of prophecy carrying the name ‘Haudenosaunez’ as his own, the Heart of Atlantis was to remain ever elusive to Legion, it eventually being turned against him during the last days of Memphis.  What Legion did not comprehend in his endless searching for those secret powers given to Javan was that, as with the Two and the Twelve hidden deep within the bosom of Tuosolmerica, the glory of Atlantis given Javan remained hidden deep within the breast of Hyhoset until it was unleashed against the worlds of wicked men during the ending days.
Much of this history was still far in the future.  In the meantime, the age of kingdoms and empires was to move ever forward onto its finish.  So much could be written regarding the pushing between the lords of Hormax and the Haudenosaunez as they moved the nations ever on toward the final confrontation in the war of worlds, but time and space does not permit it.  So let the following suffice as we explore the history of mankind down to the rise of New Atlantis and beyond.)

*    *    *

Section 38

Winnowing the Sheaves


The new high lord, Spartocatis, stood beside the embalmed body of Balbinus as it lay in an ornately carved casket, Balbinus’ four servants, The Keepers of Divine Treasures, practicing their ritualistic celebration for the cremation of the dead high lord’s body.  When all was successfully completed, Spartocatis would receive a small stone urn containing Balbinus’ ashes that the new high lord would carry to the secret burial place on Mt. Olympus.  There, in that sacred location, the Keepers of Divine Treasures would complete the celebration into death with the former high lord while concluding the initiation and teaching of the new high lord and the four servants that would replace them as the new Keepers of Divine Treasures.
Spartocatis was born a son of Cornelia through her rape by Saturninus from a ritual, Hormaxian Zaelock marriage when the woman was twelve years old.  Cornelia eventually became queen over the Vestal Virgins and Saturninus governor over upper Germany.  Both died during the reign of Emperor Domitian, Saturninus after being defeated and slain by Lappius Maximus, the governor of Lower Germany, and Cornelia after being walled up alive in an underground cell by the emperor.  Cornelia’s execution was later avenged by one of her former lovers, an ex-slave, Stephanus.
Both of Spartocatis’ parents were direct bloodline descendants of high lords ZaphipheRa and Rapadies through Zaelock witches down to his birthing, one reason Balbinus chose Spartocatis to become the next high lord.  All these matters Spartocatis did not discover until after becoming high lord, being delivered up to the House of Marduk, not to become a manly priestess like many young males, but to be raised up and taught in all the ways of Marduk as was done with a few of the other sons of Zaelock women.
The second reason for choosing Spartocatis to succeed him, Balbinus never revealed to anyone.  Growing up and being educated in the Marduk house and all it ways, Spartocatis became an avid student of words, developing the skills of an expert scribe.  In time, the young man took to writing outstanding scholarly works and prose.  So powerful an interest he gained in the arts of the quill and velum that the fellow never developed any interest to learn the politics of matters, caring little for that game at all.  This suited Balbinus’ new philosophical bent well, the high lord having little desire to promote the darker teachings of Zeussah.
The old high lord believed that by choosing Spartocatis, the man’s bloodline would convince the other powers that Balbinus was attempting to carry on the glory of Hormax and Azazel in the priestly order, hoping this might mask the old priest’s real reasons.  Spartocatis’ lack of care for political intrigues might carry on through after becoming high lord, leaving the world of men to stumble forward on their own, with little influence from the House of the Father God.
For twenty years, Spartocatis was taught under the willing hand of Balbinus, the man never learning until after the old priest’s death that Balbinus was more than a kindly old scribe who singled the boy out as his favorite student.  Spartocatis came to love the old sage who would pay regular visits to the boy, praising him for his outstanding writing skills and always encouraging him to press ever onward to become the best scribe and scholar among his contemporaries.  This praise and adulation had the effect on the young man Balbinus hoped it would, Spartocatis caring little for power and glory and more for story and prose, even after attaining the position of high lord.  By all standards of governorship, Spartocatis was a very weak leader, carrying on to the full Balbinus’ wishes.
Still, an absent captain may well stir up a restless crew to mutiny.  So it was that ambitious priests from all three houses began to flex their muscles, gradually seizing power over their governed territories while feigning loyalty to the high lord.  Rumblings of revolt across the globe resulted in the rise of warlords wresting glory as they strived to carve out names for themselves through the blood of innocents who wished only to live quietly, in peace.  Even Rome soon found itself besieged by once subservient nations attempting to escape its yoke.  No greater was this Hormaxian quest for independent glory felt than in the lands furthest from its high lord…the Southlands in the west, across the Atlantean Sea.
The Southlands had never truly conformed to the ever changing political and social philosophies of the Great Sea Hormaxian leadership.   The southern priests of Hormax continued to rule over their subjects through human sacrifice, terror, and magic, their kings either being king-priests or mere puppets of the governing priest.  Their world was divided up into countless little kingdoms that were constantly at war with one another…a good way feed the priests’ insatiable hunger for more human blood sacrifices.  Ever since the days of High Lord Gomer, the western lands had been paid little attention to, being permitted to do much as they pleased as long as their yearly tribute was received and they continued to pay lip service to the high lord and his hierarchy.
With the new high lord’s apathy regarding the politics of the Order, the time had now arrived where Hormaxian rulers saw an opportunity to wrest greater control over the Southlands from their eastern overlords.  So what had been hatched before Suetonius’ failed invasion of the western world with his Roman legions was now matured into a far more sinister plan to take over the northern kingdoms in the west.  Although begun by the Sons of Hormax, the conspiracy for the invasion of the northern lands was soon joined by the Prince of Darkness himself, Zeussah.  His hope was that, with the corruptive takeover of the northern lands in the west, he would be free to search out the hiding place of the Heart of Atlantis.
In time, there arose, through the treachery and  murder between the various factions of Hormaxian leaders vying for supremacy over the western Southlands, a man who Legion believed might successfully accomplish his clandestine invasions of the western Northlands.  To this man, Zeussah gave power and wisdom extraordinaire, opening his path to be lifted up over the other priestly houses in that world.  Under the sky wizard’s guiding hand, the man consolidated all the nations of the Southlands into one united order of vassal kingdoms subject to but one ruler and priestly overlord.

ZaiutaTeawahcon sat down at the head of the great stone table hidden deep within the temple confines atop the great pyramid in his city of Tuusumkitawannah, overlooking the vast river system that stretched far to the Eastern Sea.  He smiled with satisfaction, scanning the room filled with many rulers and grandees from surrounding city-states, some coming from as far away as the lands of ice in the south.  This had been the priest’s greatest of achievements, to bring the Southlands together under but one ruler.  Through persuasion, oftentimes by murder, torture, and other assorted covert means, the vast majority of kings and priestly rulers had finally submitted to Zaiuta becoming the chief potentate over this vast southern isle.  Now these same rulers and priests were gathered in Tuusumkitawannah at a great council, Zaiuta laying out his future objectives for this newly united nation.
Zaiuta’s confidence concerning the future had been bolstered by visionary conversations with the wizard god from yesteryears.  Zeussah had been silent, his prayer chambers having long ago been abandoned by newer generations of priests who forgot the history of this world and searched instead for other gods to worship.  Zaiuta was not to be counted among them, the man ever vigilant to offer his unwavering loyalty to that god-king by presenting the best of human sacrifices up to him.  Indeed, this very pyramid where the kings and magistrates were gathered was dedicated by Zaiuta to the winged god of Heaven, ZeussahTewatoottan, being rededicated only the day before with the sacrificing of one thousand virgin girls and young boys from the most noble families throughout the Southlands, thus bonding all the nations to this chief god, cementing this one, central power.
After that day of celebration where many thousands of people gathered, they took to eating the roasted flesh of the sacrificial victims after the children’s hearts were burnt upon the altars to Zeussah.  Zaiuta, still soaked in the blood of those he had personally sacrificed, retired alone to an inner chamber of the temple to meditate and seek the face of his god.  Through drugged pipeweed and drink, along with worshipful chants, the priest over this united kingdom of city states fell into a deep trance in which his god-man, Zeussah appeared to him.  From Zeussah, Zaiuta learned strategy for conquering the western lands of the north.
Zaiuta went on to explain those plans to the men gathered at this great stone table.  “As you well know, our enemy to the north is very strong because of the gods who live among them…gods, I say, who themselves hold high this usurper, Iam, as their master.  To march an army host against the northern lands would be futile.  This you already know.  Indeed, only by suing for peace did our fathers prevent an invasion into these very Southlands.  But at what a cost to them was it done?  The peoples of the Northlands took for themselves the lands beyond the narrows and all the islands of the Tecatucutan Sea.  It is impossible to take the northern worlds by force while those mischievous gods protect them.
“So, what we must do to become successful is to make the people of the Northlands so foul-smelling that the gods will abandon them, and this is how it must be done.  ZeussahTewatoottan came to me in my visions this very last evening, revealing to me that this Iam is the one and same god who Moses taught the Hebrews to worship.  So, to the account of their history our wonderful Zeussah took me, to show me how we are to defeat our enemy and regain our stolen lands, as well as conquer our northern foe.”  The room became silent as all intently listened to Zaiuta’s strategy for defeating the northern gods.
“Our godly overseer revealed to me that Iam abandoned the Hebrews many times over the course of their history, until so disgusted with them he was that he permitted the Romans to bring that nation of people to a finish.  One account related to me by Lord God Zeussah was from the early days of the Hebrews, when they approached the lands promised them for an inheritance.”
Zaiuta stood, spreading his arms wide and motioning to and fro while speaking excitedly.  “Why look, women from the cities of Moab…Moabite women experienced in all the ways of pleasing their men…entered the camps of the Hebrews and had sexual intercourse with all the chieftains and their sons, pleasing them in ways that the Hebrew women did not know or understand.  These Moabite women then turned the hearts of the Hebrew men away from Iam so that they abandoned Iam and began worshiping the gods of the Moabites.  Iam then became angry and cursed the Hebrews with a scourge so that many thousands of the Hebrews perished.”
He slowly sat.  “Many more are the tales that Zeussah has told me, how that because of Iam’s tantrums for tolerating no other god among his people, Iam abandoned the Hebrews to the nations around them, at times to the point where they slaughtered their own kind in foolish civil wars that delivered subjugation upon them and, in the end, ruin to their nation.
“So, it is not by force of arms I see the conquering of our northern enemies, but by subterfuge.  TuWaTayao already yearns for our trade goods and many men from its southernmost territories already accept our women to take as wives for themselves.  Northern women are boney and sinewy, their hair coarse and dry, breasts small, hips narrow, their skin burned and hands calloused from all their hard, manly labors, making them little more than humping stools for desperate men.  Women’s work they do not understand, but side by side with their menfolk they handle the trotline, labor in the fields, or hunt the wild elk on the summer chase.
“The women of our kind are refined and shapely, with silken, shiny hair, luxuriant with fatness, their breasts full, hips curvaceous, soft skin, their hands delivering tender caresses to manly flesh.  Many have also been taught in all the arts of pleasing a man and caring for his needs.  Our women are taught to do for the man whatever he delights in, making no complaint or excuse at fulfilling his every desire.
“Their women know how to spread their feet to receive a man, but it is to satisfy their passions and not the man’s that it is done.  And even if they should bend over to accept the men’s ardor, it is little better than a dry humping the men attain.  So crude they are in their acts of intercourse, more like fickle birds in the mating chase, receiving the male member only when the mood is on them and only to satisfy their personal cravings.   Better it is to hump a beast in the field than to risk injury with a boney woman creature from the Northlands! 
“And if that is not bad enough, the statutes laid down by the sons of the gods in those same lands do cause the men to rue the day of their birth.  For instance, should some act of copulation not be pleasing to the woman and the man persists in demanding such acts from her, she can dismiss him, tossing his belongings from her lodge.  Or, if the woman finds the male member of another man more pleasing to her, she will bring him into her lodge and practice intercourse with that other man in front of the husband sleeping next to her.
“See, it is the women of the northern lands who judge the virility of the men of that world.  Naked they stride about in the camp, intentionally raising the ardor of the manly males who also walk about in their nakedness, this being done to find the largest or most attractive of manly members they will find delight in.  Then those men they will demand come with them to their beds, forcing those men to have intercourse with them, and even produce offspring for them, all this even being done against the will of the men in that land.
“On the other hand, our refined women have soft hands, and their lips are soft and well taught in ways to please our men.  Their breasts are large so that a man may have intercourse between them.  Our women have also been trained to serve their menfolk, offering up to them whatever suits a man’s needs or desires.  Then when the man has finished to his satisfaction, the woman will rise and bathe the man, afterward preparing his favorite food and serving it to him before she takes her own rest.  And should the man choose to offer her to another man for a day or night, the woman will not question her husbandly owner, but silently obey, practicing her arts to the full with the other man so that her husband is not shamed and she might not be beaten.
“So here are my recommendations for us all to do and, by doing this, our victory will be certain.  Go quickly to your cities and search out the refined young women, even the youngling female children who have yet to grow breasts.  Bring them to the temples, to the priests and priestesses.  Have them taught in all the ways…our ways of pleasing a man to the full.  Feed them well so that their flesh remains fat, their breasts large, and hips ripe and curvy.  Teach them in all the ways of the gods, but also teach them the quiet ways of serving their gods so that they may learn the art of gradual seduction.  Then, after these young women have been taught in all the sexual arts, we will deliver them into the lands of TuWaTayao for them to be taken as wives, concubines, and servants by the leaders over those people.
“We will not forget the northern traders, either.  Way stops will find our young women busy, offering refreshment to the weary traveler who will be just made to come in and relax from a lengthy journey.  And should the weary traveler find delight in our young women and wish to have one return with him to the north, then that woman-child shall go willingly, even offering her services to the menfolk in the far distant, northern villages as she has done for the weary traveler.
“In this way, the northern womenfolk will become a loathsome thing in the eyes of their men who will seek the arms of our young, pretty women who are taught in all our arts of intercourse.  Soon the northern womenfolk will come to our women to be taught in all their arts, but for a price.  To our gods must the women of the Northlands bow if they wish to receive the secrets possessed by our women.  And our culture, ways, and religions will eventually become their culture, ways, and religions.
“At this, Iam’s anger will blaze so that he will abandon his own people.  Along with his leaving, the witch queens guarding the lands in the north will also go away, leaving the Northlands void of Iam’s protection.  At that, our men will sally forth in conquest until all the western worlds are ruled over by the sons of Horus with Zeussah and our snake father, Lucifer, at their head.”
Wagging a finger, Zaiuta cautioned, “Like a sickness that slowly creeps into the body while the person is not aware of it, eating both flesh and mind until too far it has advanced to be cured, so we must act.  To be successful, we must be patient, seeing little for our effort at the beginning, when our greatest energy must be put forth.  Our daughters we must be willing to sacrifice if necessary, some dying at the hands of wrathful, indignant men for their fornicating acts, others surrendering to the wiles of the northern people, and still others to moving into far distant lands beyond our sight, their sons and daughters becoming strangers to us.  Yet it will be worth our sacrifices and diligent efforts.
“We must look ahead to the final results, not for the moment.  May we hope that, in our lifetimes, TuWaTayao and the islands of the Tecatucutan may become ours again.  It will be our sons and their sons who will succeed with the final conquest of those northern worlds, but still the cost to us will be worth it.  Zeussah has promised us that, should we do our due diligence for him up to our ending days, then he will lift us up into his world to rule beside him as gods over the many peoples of this Earth and other worlds he controls.”
Zaiuta went on in great detail, explaining his visions and the messages Zeussah had given him.  Everything was pleasing to the kingly rulers and dignitaries gathered there, all promising to hand over to Zaiuta all that was requested of them.  Soon temples to Zeussah were being filled with the youngling maidens and women-children of the wealthy and noble people across the Southlands, to be taught in all the Zaelock ways the priests of those days understood.  Those refusing to deliver up their little daughters and virgin girls to the temples were forced to watch all their children be sacrificed up to Zeussah and then made to eat their roasted flesh in celebration.  Afterward, the man and his wives, servants, and slaves, were bound and tossed alive into the Great River to be eaten by the river dragons.  Needless to say, few were those who refused to obey all the commands delivered upon them by Zaiuta and his vassal lords.

*    *    *

King SumieTonken stroked his long beard with delight as the two bronzed-skinned girls erotically danced about, loin patches their only clothing.  His cousin, TrienieTonken, chief magistrate over TuWaTayao’s southernmost city, SubinsannieTookuu, grinned with satisfaction at seeing the king taking such great pleasure watching the children’s sensual dance.
After taking another sip of his drink, he leaned close to Sumie, explaining, “I do believe the peoples of the Southlands are suffering certain economic strife.  These two children are from an aristocratic family, but yet sold to me for only a few ounces of gold and some grain stuffs.”  His eyes sparkled with growing passion as the two children began simulating the mating ritual by one of them mounting the other from behind, the moaning cries of the one mounted bringing a rise to his ardor.  “I tell you for a fact,” he smacked his lips, “they are able to excite far more than the eyes.”
King Sumie said nothing, his facial expression betraying his growing desire to do more than only watch the children dance.  Finally, he asked, “You say these girls are not orphans, but sold to you by their parents?  Was there no one in their family able to assist the parents so that they did not have to sell their own children?”
Keeping his gaze fixed upon the girls, Trienie answered, “Their uncle brought the children to us, the parents too heartsick to do it themselves.  And, no, apparently not anyone to help them, the uncle telling us about some great misfortune that has overtaken the people further to the south, and I believe it to be so.  Although their rulers remain silent concerning the matter, rumors abound in the streets, our returning merchants saying that it is the way it is.”
The music halted, the two girls retreating from the room while a young, buxom woman stepped into the middle of the hall to take up the dance when the music began anew.  The enchanting moves this woman made were even more arousing than the earlier dancers, every turn and twirl of her naked body crying out for the men to ravish her completely.
Trienie explained, “Her name is SomboidaSunni, youngest wife of a wealthy landowner.  She came to our city, hungry and beggarly, her husband having sent her away because he could no longer afford her.  After living on the streets, selling her flesh for scraps of bread, she made her way across the border and into my city.  Well, I took pity on the woman-child and offered her a place under my roof.  She repays me with her gratitude the only way she can, being from a once wealthy family and having no useful skills other…”
“Other than what?” Sumie asked, curious.
“Well,” Trienie grinned, “the woman is beautiful, graceful in the dance, and… and well taught in some of the more private arts.  Men are very willing to part with a little gold for a night or an hour in her company.  Why, even some of our womenfolk have taken to paying for lessons to learn her arts of romance.”
King Sumie frowned.  “Prostitution is prohibited throughout TuWaTayao!  How can you justify this woman carrying on such a practice in your city, under your very roof?”
Trienie patted Sumie’s arm.  “Oh, cousin, it is not prostitution that I permit in my city.  SomboidaSunni invites certain guests to come for a short visit, spending a few carefree hours with them.  Then, as a gift for her attentiveness, they leave a token of gold or silver with her as a show of appreciation.  Besides, the woman is not one of our women, but a Southlander, and free to do as we have always permitted Southlanders to do.  For many years, our people have paid little attention to the Southlanders when they enter our territories, feeling it better to live and let live.”
The king puzzled as SomboidaSunni seductively twirled and pranced about, flitting from one man to another near the dance floor, her flirting expressions suggesting her desire for another form of dance.   The king wondered aloud, “You say she came hungry and needy to your door, yet I see a woman, full-breasted and fat with health, better fed than my own house servants.”
Trienie passed off the king’s observations with a casual reply.  “Women like SomboidaSunni have never known what laborious duties might be.  Soft and fat they are from a lifetime of refinement.  Taught in the ways of pleasing their men by the older women they are, learning to play the lute and stringed instrument while taking up the dance at a very young age.  Later, they are educated in the arts of lovemaking so that their future husbands will not tire of them.  SomboidaSunni told me that her former husband shed many tears upon releasing her from his house, saying that few were his wives that were able to please him so but, alas, there was no other thing the fellow could do, especially seeing that she had not yet opened her womb with a child for him while his other wives had already done so.”
His cousin’s answer did not satisfy King Sumie’s concerns.  The southern nations had attempted subterfuge in the past.  Was this just another clandestine attempt to wrest control of TuWaTayao out the Tonkin clan’s hands?  At that moment, SomboidaSunni approached Sumie with most alluring moves, the music having slowed to a rapturously seductive haunt, the woman’s inviting smile, flirting eyes, and intoxicating perfume sending Sumie’s heart reeling with wanton desire.
“My kingly lord,” SomboidaSunni cooed, extending a hand, her nails painted in red and luminous blue, “would my lordly god allow this child to gift him with a dance I have practiced only for my Lord?”
Forgetting any reservations he might have, Sumie took the woman’s outstretched hand as he stood, following her out onto the floor.  As the music started anew, she drew herself close to the king, wrapping an arm about his back while placing her other hand gently upon the man’s shoulder.  Pressing her body close to him as she gazed up into his eyes, she whispered oh, so softly, “So many are the things I have to offer a manly person such as you.  Please, my kingly lord, hold me close so that I may also feel your beating heart next to mine and your warm breath upon my face.”

*    *    *

Hyhoset was in no mood to reason with the other Haudenosaunez gathered in the council chamber, reports from the Mariners and Western Trade chieftains having raised her ire.  She growled angrily, “TuWaTayao has become polluted from its southernmost territories to cities far to its north, the worship of the bull being practiced throughout the land!  And their virgin women are going up to the high places to have intercourse with the priests of Tammuz in order to receive a blessing for fertility from them!  As I warned that fool GuierTonken not so many years ago, the Southlands have corrupted the hearts and souls of his people, leading them into committing acts of fornication against Lowenah by bowing low to their dungy gods!”
Tuosolmerica stood, addressing Hyhoset.  “My child, this day of idolatry has not been kept secret from you.  HuushBonn, himself, spoke to you regarding this matter while you still remained a little girl, in your virginity.  He said of you and Meric that for one hundred generations you were to have a kingdom that would rule over the hearts of men in this world.  Now that age is passing away, the last of the grandchildren of the men produced by his union with you having surrendered to death nearly two hundred years ago.
“I say ‘men’, because the power of stature was to be found in the male children you two created, though great in might and wondrous works were your daughters also, and beautiful in form so as to be compared to goddesses.  It was your sons and their sons who kept the people in check after Meric passed along.  Not only giants among their kind were they, but wise and bold, your sons having learned at Meric’s feet from childhood into their adult days, and their sons being taught wisely by their fathers.  But those days have passed us by, and few are those living of your descendants today who have accepted the serpent’s kiss on their inner thigh in an oath to be true to your mother, Noah, as was Javan to her.
Hyhoset fussed, “True it is that the children of my sons do not practice the law of Meric as was done in earlier days, but many there still are of those who teach that law as they journey throughout their forebears’ kingdom.  Then we, also, remain alive in this land.  We do not hide ourselves in caves but move about freely among the people settled here.  Indeed, many are the people who call me their mother, showing their devotion to me in dance and celebration.  The laws of Meric they are not blind to, and the way of the Haudenosaunez is not secret to them.  Even in TuWaTayao, all this is known, making it all the more a reprehensible thing they are doing!”
Tuosol did not argue, but pointed out, “Long ago, when we first entered into Eden to be taught at the feet of Sodasonie and others of the Sky Children, and even the Woman in the Whispering Waters, through visions speaking to us, do you remember the days when the sixteen of us were not yet weaned from the milk of first knowledge, we were instructed that rulers and leaders we were not to be?  It was demanded of us to remain as those who walk about in the shadows and instruct by whispers and spells.  When your husband was surrendered up to death, you did not become queen over your people, did you?  No you did not, but your son, Lessbardt, took up the commander’s staff, his wife, Tuefonnah…your child by another man…sitting as queen beside him, you never once standing up in public to offer counsel or direction to him.
“Long ago did Lessbardt also pass over the river, and his sons and their sons to the third generation have also followed along behind their father, paying the boatman as did Lessbardt and his father before him.  So it has come to be true of all the great men who walked beside us in those yesteryears of distant ages, so that now only the children of those who have always guarded our flanks, the Templars and Mariners, remain truly loyal to us.  Few of the others, even those of our own blood, have held true to us and our ways, but off to enjoy the riches of this world they have gone, turning us into mythical creatures and gods.”
Frustrated, Hyhoset asked, “So what are we to do then, allow the Sons of Hormax freedom to pollute this world?!  And where should we go if the land is overrun by their evil?!”
Aphrodite stood, answering Hyhoset.  “Our sister, Serah, long ago revealed to us when the Days of the Nations began.  Deep within that hour we now are, yet its finish is not soon to arrive.  You do know that we were to sink beneath the seas of restless mankind’s thoughts when that hour arrived, something that we failed to do as we should have.  Lumdon and Swalhawena paid with their lives because we, children of flesh made Sky Children in spirit, chose to openly live with the children of dust.  Do not allow this hard-earned lesson to be forgotten by us!  Recall the man of clay who fell in love with a Sky Child when he spoke an inspired expression…‘the warring we have is not against flesh and blood, but against demonic spirit forces’, applying to those in both Heaven and on Earth.
“So it is that our warring is to be against the machinations of the Evil Worm and not against wicked men of flesh and bone.  Even with the Sons of Hormax, our warring is not with them, but thwarting wicked intentions they harbor given them by the Worm.  We must prevent Lucifer’s New World Order from arriving before all other matters have been set straight.  Whether nations rise or fall, and peoples are enslaved to false reasonings or even other peoples is not our concern, but to hold the winds back until the proper hour.”
Hyhoset argued, tears in her eyes, “But this land is holy land, made holy by the promises to my father, Javan, and husband, Meric!  How can we allow holy land to be trampled on by the demon followers of Hormax?!  It is a holy place!”
Serah stood to speak.  “Being holy does not mean that it is untouchable to the enemy.  My own offspring betrayed Lowenah on many occasions until even I sent letters to our brother, Juufet, to bring the holy, kingly house down to ruin.  Finally, in the straits of time, Lowenah brought the entire house of the Hebrews to ruin, disowning them as a nation and giving that inheritance over to unclean men.  Does that mean there will not be future attention given those people in later days?  This I do not know.  So it is with the kingdom of Meric.  Prophecies will be fulfilled, and we may well have a large part to play in accomplishing those fulfillments, but it does not mean that Meric’s kingdom will not falter and possibly disappear until the final hour, to be raised up then as a gift to Good King Philip.  New Atlantis he was also promised by the Woman in the Whispering Waters.”
Serah sat, Tosombabanna now standing.  “My sister died attempting to protect a people she had come to dearly love, but also to defend against the desecration of a landed estate that had become holy to her heart.  Was it ever Lowenah’s purpose to have us risk life and limb for a landed estate that time and moth corrupt and mold destroys?  No, I say not!  My sister allowed her heart to take control of her senses, as did Lumdon and Juliet…Juliet, herself, saying to me that it was so.  As was later proved in battle by Rae and his Mariners, Rome could have been resisted without much loss of life if Lumdon and the others had withdrawn from his estate to more defensible positions until help arrived.
“Is it possible that we who have made our dwelling places in the western lands of Meric are only fooling ourselves into believing that landed estates are somehow untouchable, holy edifices?  I include myself in that fanciful belief.  For too long, Tuosol and I have considered the high mountain above New Ausalmerica as our personal refuge, forbidden to the enemy Hormaxians, and you, Hyhoset, have lavished your attention on the valleys and estates of your former husband, seeing them also as unreachable places for the enemy to trod.  I believe this folly of ours must now come to an end.  The age of men must be permitted to spread across the entire planet as we are watching from afar to assist Lowenah in her grand purpose, while men we leave to their fancy.”
Hyhoset bowed her head, tears flowing freely.  “These things my head knows, but my heart cannot accept!  What do I do?”
Tosombabanna walked over, hugging her.  “My sister did not love what she came to be, but accepted that she must become the slayer of evil men.  ‘Drakous’, the name she carried with pride down to her dying day, was a name given her by BondaBoor and his Riphath brethren.  Her blade shed it first tears of blood while she still lived in the day of her virgin celebration.  As with her virginity, her innocence ended on the bloodied fields of the slain MooDecd.  Both her virginity and her innocence were consecrated by blood celebration, her new name, Drakous, signifying to her the change that had been made in her body and spirit.
“Lumdon my sister fell deeply in love with, nearly as much so as her sister, Noah, yet she allowed her love, not for a man but for a place, a world that had come to mean so much to her, to cloud her mind so that wisdom she did not use and counsel she did not seek to escape pursuing death.  She and Lumdon died and Juliet is scarred down to this day because we all failed to accept the new home offered to us, choosing to remain in these worlds ruled over by men of dust.”
She released her hold on Hyhoset and turned to all those gathered there.  “I do believe it is the appropriate hour that we abandon this world as our home and retreat to the home offered us long ago.  Eden is where we should call ‘home’.  In peace and security, we can reside within it.  It is a land so filled with mystery that our Sky Children brethren have yet to understand it.  There we can come to stand beside Heaven’s door and share our love and dreams with those who journey there from the Realms Above.  There we can live in peace away from the contrivances of men.”
Looking at Rae and Noah, Tosombabanna added, “The laws of Eden we have gained great understanding in, learning that it is a world within a world, a place within a place, and to gain that place, one must know the music to enter there.  So it is that we have also come to know of other worlds within worlds that men of clay can also enter when the proper music is played.  To us we can gather our faithful host of children, the Mariners and Templars and their loyal family members, to give them secure homes to live in as the madness of this world churns about them.”  Then speaking to Rae, she continued, “These worlds you are already privy to, seeing that is how you travel into the spacious skies and even to the moon, and…and how you cloak many of your new, deep ocean cities from Hormaxian prying eyes.”
Cothath stood, smiling.  “Wisdom is never lacking with you, child of the dawn!  I for one will do this thing, departing the worlds of my children in the western lands to secure a safe haven for myself behind the walls of Eden.  After all, is it not true that ever watchful we can remain in that land by using the machines found there?”  All the others gathered stood, promising to do the same.
Aphrodite then spoke up.  “This does not mean that we will abandon our children to the evils of Hormax but, by the use of seers and prophets, we will alert the people, allowing them to choose good and bad for themselves and, if necessary, give limited protection to those deserving it.  Troubadours will deliver our words of comfort and warning to the people, and we will play in the shadows of their worlds to see Lowenah’s purposes accomplished.”
All there agreed to continue to act diligently the way Aphrodite recommended.  In that hour, the last kingdom of the Haudenosaunez faded from the world’s scene.  The men of the western worlds were going to have to decide for themselves what course they would follow and which of the gods they would listen to.  This did not mean they had been abandoned to the Hormaxian wolves.  No, not at all.  From secret places, the Haudenosaunez would strike out against the wicked spirit forces ever attempting to control the world of men.  Legion would not succeed in finding the Heart of Atlantis, never realizing where it remained hidden until Shiloh’s day.  There would also arise from time to time, wars between the sons of Hormax and the sons of the Haudenosaunez, wielding their terrible machines of war against one another.
For the Haudenosaunez, all had changed.  They, too, were now to fade into myth and story as had the Dragons.  Even Legion would forget about them in due time, failing to understand why so many of his Hormaxian plans did not succeed and his New World Order was always postponed.  As individuals, and in small teams, the Haudenosaunez would continue to visit themselves upon the worlds of men, sometimes bringing forth a seed or seeds whose influence often changed the course of nations.  Many were the sons and daughters over the following ages who would be found abandoned on doorsteps for others to raise as their own.
These children of the gods would have special connections to a realm beyond, enabling them to feel the worlds of Eden with their hearts and minds.  These children in turn would become aglow with power and glory to brighten the paths of men at their darkest hour, keeping the spark of freedom alive through that tempestuous night.  Other children, born through the blood of men from the Haudenosaunez and women of dust, would become wise and noble leaders among their kind.  All this Legion did not understand, so he did nothing to thwart the corrupting influence that blood had on his world.

As for the western worlds of Meric?  TuWaTayao rapidly drifted into a kingdom filled with the religion of the southern Hormaxians, the Zaelock women from the Southlands polluting the minds and hearts of the men to the point that their own women became ugly in their eyes, being seen as merely incubators for their future offspring or receptacles for passionate needs when no other means of release was available to them.  The taking of young children, both males and females, to be sold and traded like animals at market, became so commonplace that a girl coming of age still being in her virginity was very rare, indeed, and worth a rather high price if sold in the marketplace.
In time, the very freedoms the women of the Northlands had so long accepted as natural became nonexistent.  A wife found herself little more than an indentured servant used to carry on the seed of her husband.  Indeed, the women in a man’s household soon had no rights whatsoever, often used for little more than chattel, being bought and sold openly in the marketplace or forced into prostitution by their husbands or fathers.  Little higher than slaves did they become in their very households, the father over the house, her husband, or even a brother or close relative having the power of life or death over the woman.  Forced sexual intercourse could not be called ‘rape’ if the owner of the woman or child…male or female…did not consider it to be rape.  Often, should the rape occur because the woman was outside her house, alone, then nothing at all could be said about it unless she died from the violence.  In such a case, only a small fine might be levied against the perpetrator of the rape.
In following days, high places made of hewn stone and mortar began to rise high above every market square in every city, the people giving up their first born to the Hormaxian gods Tammuz and the Bull.  Soon the blood of innocents flowed in rivers down the steps of the high places, the worshipers of those deities lapping it up from the stones as would dogs.  Every disgusting and filthy act that could be imagined was openly practiced in TuWaTayao so that even the people of the Southlands came to see it as a land of astonishment.  But, to people living in the Northlands, TuWaTayao became a land of curiosity and carnival.
As the Zaelock witches and Hormaxian seers gradually infiltrated the northern lands, tales of joyous celebration and abandon went with them.  In time, the young men of the northern lands would journey to TuWaTayao, seeking to have a good time and to couple with the beautiful women found there.  Upon their returning, they would find fault with the old, humble ways of Meric, yearning for the entertainment of the city life they discovered in the south.  Like a cancer in an untreated sickness, this discontent spread across the lands of the western world, polluting and corrupting those tribes and clans so that soon they were practicing the evil of Hormax to a greater extent than even the Southlands.
Eventually, cities were springing up all along the river valleys and wooded plains.  Tall pyramids built of earth and clay were erected throughout these cities.  In time, because of the violence growing in the land, earthen breastworks were raised around many of the cities for protection against rival city-states, seeking people to enslave or to sacrifice to their many gods.
Those who refused to bend a knee to the gods of Horus and were able to do so gradually fled to the east where a strong resistance was mounted against the religion of Hormax.  To the east, beyond the lands of the Ohioan tribes, those who still called themselves ‘the sons of Meric’ made a stand, garrisoning their armies throughout the mountainous regions to their west to protect against any invasion.  And, as the islands of the Tecatucutan Sea fell to the powers of the Southlands, the people abandoned their ships to only coastal trade, the days of the great Western Trading Guild finally coming to a finish.
The Haudenosaunez did not forget the loyalty of the clansmen who refused to surrender to the religion of Hormax even when the threat of war was made upon them.  Many were the sons and daughters of the Mariners and Templars who resided in those lands, their loyalty remaining strong to Iam and their fathers.  Also, this was the land in which many of the retired Mariners resided.  Rae and Noah would never desert such a loyal people to the growing armies of Hormaxian evil.  Clear down into the day of Cataclysm, those who refused to bow to Hormax were protected under the watchful eye of Rae and his armada of warships.

It was during this age of abandon, after the northern kingdoms had built for themselves cites and towers to their favorite Hormaxian gods, that the armies of the Southlands invaded up through the great rivers into the heartland of the north, and into and through TuWaTayao further north, capturing for themselves all the lands of the north, west to the high mountains and east into the Ohio territories.  Those who survived the onslaught were turned into slaves, becoming the lowest of the low, to work in the mines of iron, copper, silver, gold, or black stone that burned hot, or slave in the fields growing the corn that was then shipped back to the Southlands.  Those not needed for labor or used to satisfy the wants and desires of their taskmasters were delivered up to the high places to be slaughtered upon the altar stones, their hearts given in burnt offering to the gods while their flesh served as food for the poor and needy.  In time, the entire land became filled with ruination.
By the days of the Roman emperor, Constantine, conditions had deteriorated so badly that Sodasonie proclaimed to Legion a future day of jubilation for the Northlands in which all his evil works would come to nothing, and that the people of the Southlands would even forget his name.  “For by fire and plague, I will bring your world to ruin so that even Rome will shudder in trepidation over it!  The world of men from one end of the Earth to the other will feel my wrath over the evil you have done, and a flooding of sickness, starvation, and death will sweep over all your kingdoms until you do feel that all life there is coming to its end!”
She stood up in the hall at the Moot of HETH and pointed a finger at her antagonist standing in Legion’s stead.  “Tell this to your girly master.  A delay against your times and seasons I will make happen until fearful of your own master you are to become!  Rome will be split in two, its power forever torn asunder.  No matter how you try, I will defeat any attempt you make at uniting the world as one against our mother.  But listen and become afraid, for on the day your master declares that a one world order has arrived, know that your days have come to a finish and the child you slayed in the arena has lifted her sword against you at Memphis!  Do be afraid, for it will happen!”

*   *   *

Emperor Constantine’s patience was failing him.  For weeks, he had gathered in assembly the most esteemed leaders and church fathers of this religion they called ‘Christian’, named after their martyred leader they said was the chosen Christ and Messiah who was to deliver mankind into a New World Order where peace was to rule supreme.  But what Constantine had seen up to this point was mindless bickering over details and interpretations over what they deemed ‘sacred text’.  Even what was to be considered sacred was something those church leaders could not agree on.
Finally, the emperor had enough.  He was the one who saw the omen in the skies saying to choose this new religion to become the one to bind all of Rome together.  These fools of religious chatter could not decide which latrines best suited their needs, let alone figure out what form of worship was pleasing to their God!  God?  Listening to those idiots made him wonder just how different these Christian leaders were from the people who celebrated a pantheon of gods.  After all, it was that bonding power of Christ that gave his oft-outnumbered army the might to repeatedly defeat far superior forces, his constant interventions that prevented these religionists from murdering one another.  What he needed was Christ’s bonding agent to weld these fools together.  How it was done mattered little to him, it apparently being the same for these church nobles also.
The following day, Constantine gathered twenty four of the leading church bishops to his private council chambers, addressing them with this command, “Seven days following this day you are to gather back here in this very place.  Each of you is to present to me ten edicts that are most important to your way of worshiping this God of yours.  I, for my part, will carefully study each and every edict and your written reason for its importance to your Christ.  From them, I will choose which ones are to be collected in one constitution.  Upon them shall I build the new universal church, a Catholic religion that will guide Rome down through its future days.”
Little was the protesting from among the gathered leaders, all of them being promised prominent positions in the new religion should they willingly accept Constantine’s final decisions on matters.  He went on to warn them, “I am to be seen as only the man who has gathered the children of the Holy Father together so that He might use their Divine knowledge to collect the truth for all honest hearts to receive.  My name must not be connected to any dictum or decree.  My role is to only be seen as the person who unified the many sects of this Christian faith into a true Christendom of faith.  No one beyond this room is to know what was discussed here this day.  Is that understood?”  All those present promised to comply with everything Constantine demanded of them.  As the bishops stood about, conferring with certain others before leaving, a few were approached by a man in a dark, hooded robe who whispered something to them.
Later in the evening, several shadows could be seen quietly making their way to an old temple that once served the goddess Artemis, but was now converted into a monastery for young scribes.  After the shadowy figures made their way up the stairs leading from the street into the blackness of the main portico, they were joined by a young man, robed and hooded, who took them to chambers deep within the old temple sanctuary.  Upon entering the small cathedral, each person was ushered to be seated at a large, oval table in the center of the room, an eerie glow of hidden fires the only source of light.  At the far end of the table sat three robed and hooded people, one dressed in black, another in white, and the third in gray.  Standing along the walls of the chamber were two dozen red-robed, hooded people holding ornate crucifixes on long staffs that rested on the floor.  After being seated, each arrival was requested to pull his hood back.
Altogether there were six men to be seated: Bishop Marcus of Calabria; Bishop Alexander of Byzantium; Bishop Eusebius of Nicomedia; Bishop Hosius of Cordoba, rector and Latin tutor for the Emperor, Lactantius; and Gothic bishop, Theophilus.  All six men were members of the three secret orders of the Hormaxians.  Eusebius and Alexander were from the House of the Gray Hearts, Marcus and Theophilus from the House of the White Warlocks, and Lactantius and Hosius from the House of the Black Warlocks.  Quietly they sat, patiently waiting upon their overlord masters.
At length, the high lord from the House of the Black Hearts spoke.  “Long have our servants believed that Rome would deliver us into the Age of Aquarius but, alas, it is not to be.  The power of Rome wanes and cannot be delivered back to its former glory.  Civil wars and revolutions have plagued this nation from its birth.  From the time decisions were made to divide Rome into eastern and western regions, the situation has only deteriorated.
 “Since the days of the Egyptian kingdoms, the houses of Zeussah have strived to unite the world of men into one, unified body so that our god, Lucifer, will find safe dwelling among men.  Much we owe to Prometheus for all the wondrous gifts he has given to our kind so that from under the trees and hidden caves, we have been delivered up to dwell in the cities of the gods.  Knowledge and wisdom he has delivered into our hands until there has become no want for anything at all.  Sadly, the world of men has not come to appreciate these wonderful gifts, but goes off seeking personal gratification through division and strife, despite the countless efforts made by the House of Father God to gather the people together.  Rome continues to ever burn in the lands it occupies, the foreign rabble rejecting the elegance of our New World Order.  Ever has the uniting glory of Rome failed us!
“Now there arises a threat to our houses by those in hidden western isles who contest to wrestle our power from us.  Already their conquests have been made nearly complete, only a remnant of the children of Meric holding fast to the teachings of their father and the unholy witches who worship his mother, the One Who Dances upon the Stones.  How great must the powers of the western priesthood be if they can bring down the Dragon Children of Iam, and how dangerous must that power be to us what with our masters always seeking the strongest among their followers to best serve their purposes?!  Great, indeed, I say it is. Oh yes, they give us lip service for now, but for how long?  We must act quickly to regain our own glory or the western overlords will bring their eastern brethren…the true House of Lucifer…down to nothing!”
The high lord stood.  “We have studied the tactics of the western priesthood who even now threaten our very existence, examining how they have overcome the witching warriors of Iam and the glory of the House of Meric.  This is what we have concluded.  Not by political might have they succeeded in gathering the people together.  No, no indeed, but through the binding power of religion so that little more have the kingdoms become to the people than conveyances for social order.  It is the religion that bonds all the people together, and it is this same religion, one filled with bloodshed and human sacrifice, that has gathered the peoples to serve but one priesthood, the true rulers over those western worlds.
“Now I do come to the reason you have all been summoned here this day.  If the true houses of Light are to continue basking in the glory of Lucifer, they, too, must unite the peoples and nations together under one banner, and must do this before Lord Zeussah surrenders his attention given us and hands it over to those usurpers in the west!  So it is that we have whispered in the ear of our servant, Constantine, to gather together the wise and saintly men of this new religion that has already conquered the western worlds, to weld it into an instrument that we might wield for the uniting of the world of men.  Greater is this weapon than any and all others that have or will ever exist!  We must only learn how to wield it wisely.
 “The western priesthood bonds their world together through a religion based on fear and promise.  It is successful because it offers fear with a promise.  To offset that fear, the crowds are permitted to worship their gods with wild abandon, throwing off all restraint during their sacred festivals, and promised in future days, beyond death, they will have another world to live in.  True, this unites the people under their priests and god-kings, but only as long as things go well with them.  Should there be drought, plague, or famine, they might easily rebel against the very priests and governors ruling over them, fear of death from nature overriding the fear of the gods.  This is the great weakness of the westerners’ religious bondage.
“Now, for those of us living in the eastern worlds, a wonderful gift has been handed to us by the very hand of Iam!  Iam is not one for anything to hold his interest long before he wanders off, forgetting his purpose and people.  This he has done many times.  So it has been with the very one whose name your order carries.  Yes, it was the one called the ‘Christ’ who delivered to the world of men a teaching so profound that even the powers of Rome could not diminish its influence!  Indeed, so profound was the glory of this new sect of Judaism that the fathers of the three houses of Lucifer became troubled over what to do about it.  They need not have worried.
“At its very height, when its men of fame were even converting those in Caesar’s own house, Iam abandoned his human agents of that religion.  John the apostle, one of the twelve, was the last of his kind who remained, holding those early followers of the Christ together in one thought and mind.  After his passing, church leaders with many different ideas stood up, dividing the peoples until, as we see today in Nicaea, there are countless theories and beliefs being propounded among those calling themselves ‘Christians’.
“Now I know for a fact that some of you sitting among us this day harbor very strong viewpoints regarding this religion of which I speak.  The Christ may be real to some of you… and that is currently permissible as long as you understand that Lucifer is the one and only true god.  This Christ person may play a part in Lucifer’s plans, so he permits you, for the time being, to believe in the man’s saving qualities.  That said, I now come to the reason you have been called here this night.”
The high lord sat down.  “You men have all proved yourselves loyal servants of this house and our god, Lucifer.  Whatever your personal beliefs are, you have put this house first.  Again, we are requesting that you continue putting the House of Lucifer first so that our god will shine his favor down upon us, and that his high servant, Zeussah, will give to us the blessing of delivering the New World Order to mankind.  So now, please put your petty differences away so that you all will be working side by side in uniting once again this order of the Christ, delivering all the peoples of the Earth under the lordship of one church, one Christendom.
“We must unify the masses under the roof of one god, one philosophy, one religious idea, using the core teachings of the Christ, his commands regarding love of neighbor and God being the most powerful of bonding agents.  It is this love that has driven, still drives, the saints into sacrificing everything for a god who has forgotten his own followers, unlike Lucifer who watches over us constantly with his care and affection.
“So it will be that this new religious order will bring to it converts the worship of Lucifer through the love the Christ taught.  We will keep them united in that new church by teaching them about the penalties God will deliver upon wayward servants once they have acquired godly knowledge.  So we shall bind the people to serving us with a promise of grandness, to become creatures greater even than angels, should they only remain faithful.  Then we will instill a fear of not only losing that grandness if they revolt against the promises they have made to this religion, but that of being cast into a dark abyss of tribulation for eternity.
 “For us, the religious powers in the eastern worlds, we will offer promise with fear…fear of future torment in the afterlife.  No human sacrifices will we publicly demand of the people, no hearts burnt upon high altars, no priests stealing little children and virgins away from loving parents.  As the Christian martyrs, our new saints, have long declared, it is the blood shed by this one man that brings to an end the need to sacrifice life and blood before the gods.  A New World Order we shall build through the Church, unifying all men under one belief, one religion.  By doing this, we will shine a light upon Lucifer’s New World Order that is to come, wherein peace and unity for all mankind will rule.”
When the high lord was finished speaking, the priest over the House of the Gray Hearts stood.  “It is the duty of all the sons in this great house to bring to fruition what has been revealed to you.  Personal opinions and ideas must be set aside for this great cause!  Long have the lords over the houses of the White Warlocks and Gray Hearts labored to deliver into our hands a ruler willing to set his own world ablaze with a religion based on what one may call ‘love’, willing to risk whatever impact such a belief may have upon the common, simple folk.  Will a man who is taught to love his neighbor and turn his cheek be willing to slaughter his fellow man on the field of war in the name of king and country?  Troubling questions they are but, in Constantine, we have found such a person who is willing to take that risk.  We must gather the strength of the bishops into one, unified body, agreeing to whatever may be decided upon at this convention.
“For your part, you trusted servants in Lucifer’s house, go out to your fellow brethren and speak shrewdly and with persuasion so that in unity and with one thought, the bishops will agree to whatever the council decides.  Whether it be one godhead, or father and son makes little difference in the end.  Unity is paramount, and what is believed makes little difference in comparison.  We, the children of Lucifer’s house, know for a certainty the facts of who truly resides in the Heavens.  Why promote a favorite idea or philosophy to only gain prominence in the congregation?  More important it is that we gain Lucifer’s favor so that each of us may share in future’s promises of becoming rulers beside our glorious god!”  The lord over the Gray Hearts sat.
Lactantius finally stood, politely bowing as he kept his eyes on the overlords of the great house.  “My wondrous and exalted potentates, I do believe I speak for all of the men assembled before you this night as I declare that all you have requested of us we shall unfailingly do!  For our part, Hosius and I will keep close the ear of the emperor so that his favor continues to shine forth on this council at Nicaea.  The others here, too, will expend all efforts seeing to the unification of thought among all the bishops gathered at this council.”
The high lord over the houses replied, “Good, very good it is!  Should you men come off successful, then as founders of this new religion you will become church fathers to advance this religion into the world of kings and men.  Like those priests in the western isles, the priests of this church will stand above and separate from the kingdoms and rulers of this world.  Unlike those same western priests, your piety will be shown in your display of love for goodness and in the words you preach.”  He paused and then added, “Your solemn ceremonies to our god, you will practice in private places.  Your open worship will be to lead the people along in your versions of the teaching of this Christ…one form of worship for you and another form of worship for the faithful masses.  Remember, peace and love along with the promise of heavenly bliss for the faithful masses.  That is the message that must be placed in the forefront of your religious instruction.”

It came about that, after seven days, the twenty-four bishops assigned the task of delivering their recommendations to Emperor Constantine did just so.  After listening carefully to each bishop’s arguments, Constantine sent the men away with the promise that, over the next several days, he would fastidiously explore each and every edict recommended, bringing individuals in from time to time, should questions arise.
Lactantius and Hosius remained close by Constantine’s side, offering suggestions and recommendations on the various edicts, using persuasion and cunning reasoning when necessary.  Where this came into play the most was over the issue of Christ and the Godhead, the personification of Holy Spirit not yet fully developed in official dogma.  Although the arguments offered by the two men concerning the Godhead sounded practical to the emperor, Constantine still favored the teaching of Arius, it being the belief held by his mother, Helena, and one that he remained sympathetic to.
After lengthy discussion, Lactantius finally confessed, “My Lord and Potentate, it has been my understanding that you wished to unite the people by assembling this council.  So close you are to seeing that dream come true, something that would also have so pleased your mother.  As to your request, your servants, Hosius and I, have explored the Holy Scriptures and letters of the Christian saints from Christ’s day down until now.  What we have found does not prove for a certainty, either way, what is truth.  Some say there is but one Godhead, Christ being a manifestation of that same God.  Others speak of the Christ as the creation being born from nothing by God.”
Hosius gestured, speaking up.  “From what we have found, the proposition of the God-Christ, or God and Christ, is still a matter to be argued in the halls of the philosophers, it not yet having an established foundation to be made absolute.  It is a debate that might not be revealed to honest men until they attain the Heavens in their final hour.  You have declared to the assembly that you wish not to involve yourself publicly in this debate over edicts.  Yet, should the sect of Arius be promoted by you…which is a view held only by the minority of bishops who are here…then a unifying settlement may never be reached at this council.”
Constantine did not wish to establish the articles of godhead into edicts at the Nicean Council, preferring to either leave the matter up for continued debate or declare the Christ as a separate person from God.  Still, was it not for this very reason, the main reason in fact, that the Council of Nicaea had been convened?
Hosius argued, “The Christological dispute is not new, you personally sending me to Alexandria with an open letter, requesting a rapid settlement of this issue.  All my efforts proved unsuccessful, the two sides only becoming more adamant, maintaining each one’s personal views…the very reason for this council.  Through great effort and persuasion, it has become possible that the majority of bishops gathered here are willing to accept the interpretation of Homoousianism doctrine, if that is what it takes to gain a united front in the church.”
Excitedly, he exclaimed, “So close we are to attaining the one church, the one power to lead the world, to end countless years of turmoil and strife the great nation of Rome has suffered!”  He looked with sad longing into Constantine’s face.  “You, our Pontifex Maximus, are the one who can make this wondrous thing happen!  You are the greatest of bridge builders, cementing the powers of Rome into one almighty arm that collects all the worlds of men into its bosom, so that all people might be able to touch Heaven while walking as men in the flesh on Earth.  You find it all now within your reach.  The birth of a new age is but one breath away…your breath, for, by uniting all these bishops together, you are laying the foundation of the new universal church to guide all mankind into future days.”

Constantine had reluctantly surrendered to the persuasion of his counselors.  All but two of the bishops assembled at Nicaea signed what came to be called the ‘Nicene Creed’, including Eusebius of Nicomedia, who had been a strong supporter of Arius. Arianism did not die at this time.  Indeed, it remained a contested issue clear into the days when Shiloh stood up, revealing the truth of all matters.  For now, the godhead, or God-Christ…and later the theology of the Trinity…would officially rule over the church.  The unifying of Rome and remainder of the eastern worlds were now believed to be within the grasp of the Hormaxian leadership but, by self-inflicted wounds, it was not to be.

Marcus Tironius was a minstrel poet from Rhodes, or at least that was where he claimed to be from.  He had made a home for himself in the provinces of Rome on the continent in the east.  The minstrel often entertained Emperor Galerius Augustus up until his untimely illness and death, soon after Galerius had written his last proclamation freeing Christians from Roman persecution.  A short time after this, Marcus could be found playing his musical prose in the courts of Emperor Licinius Augustus, being instrumental in getting him to agree with Emperor Constantine on the Edict of Milan, thus granting full freedom of worship to all religions in Rome.
By convenient circumstance, Marcus happened to find himself in Nicaea during the meeting of the bishops, being part of the entertainment for these bishops and their courtiers.  What no one knew was that he was also high priest over the House of the Gray Hearts of Hormaxian warlocks.
Neposes Exiguus was a merchant dealing in silks and purple, his merchandise being highly favored by the social and political elite. His smooth speech and fanciful tales of faraway, exotic places made him a popular guest with the more affluent members of Roman society.  Constantine knew him well, the man even assisting his personal tailor with the selection of the fine purple linens and silks used in making the creations he wore at this council.  Neposes arrived at Nicaea in hopes of profiting from the sale of his wares to the political and religious social crowd gathered here for this prestigious event, or so he was telling everyone.  Truth be said, he was the Hormaxian lord over the House of the White Warlocks.
Marcus and Neposes were ambitious men, secretly seeking more glory and power for themselves than for the cause.  For some time, they had been conspiring together in gaining wealth and prestige for themselves.  Though secret each of the Hormaxian House lords were to be from each other, except for the high lord’s knowledge of them…he or his predecessor having selected them for those positions…quite by accident, these two overlords had come to know who each other truly was.  Shortly after this, their conspiring against the high lord began.
Otiserin Aurelius, a distant relative of Emperor Constantine, was high lord over the three houses of Hormax or ‘Church of the Father God’, as it was called at the time.  His father, Osiseris Aurelius, had been high lord before him, something Otiserin did not know until those secrets were revealed to him after Osiseris’ death.  His mother was Sabatinea, a Zaelock princess from the nobility of Persia, given to an important Roman senator as a house servant after Otiserin had been weaned and whisked away to a Hormaxian monastery.
Unlike his father, who had continued on in the tradition of High Lord Balbinus, with building up grand libraries of knowledge, Otiserin was determined to increase the influence of the Church of the Father God over the political world of men.  Tiring of Rome’s ineptitude with uniting the peoples of the Great Sea Basin, he reached out toward the western lands to find inspiration for the creation of his New World Order.  He now had in Emperor Constantine a willing candidate who would surrender Rome’s heart up to a religious authority, to keep the beast alive should its political body be wounded and die.  Second, the Council of Nicaea cemented that religion to Rome, lifting it above future emperors and kings so that no matter what happened, the universal church would continue on unabated toward its final goal of world domination.
High Lord Otiserin believed that the two lower Hormaxian lords needed to be reenergized if the task of building a world religion was to become a success.  To do this, he removed, by assassination, the former White high lord who, in Otiserin’s opinion, was a doddering fool of mind and spirit, content to read whimsical tales of fantasy beside the hearth fire while the political world around him slowly spun haphazardly, out of control.
Neposes Exiguus was an excellent candidate to replace him, a young Hormaxian already having a long track record for ambitious pursuit of any assignment given him.  Neposes was born through the union between a goddess priestess and a young boy who practiced ritual relations with her for a lunar month before becoming a eunuch.  Because the goddess priestess became pregnant from this union…a very rare event…it was accepted that the conception was caused by divine providence, the boy being given special attention as he grew up under the watchful oversight of the Marduk priesthood.  Neposes did not disappoint Otiserin.
Marcus Tironius was some years older than Neposes, being a man in his mid-fifties at the time of Council of Nicaea.  Already he had proved his abilities of manipulating political leaders as he had with the Edict of Milan, the year after Otiserin became high lord over the three houses.  Otiserin believed that Marcus was well-suited for gathering the Christian bishops into one church of Christendom, especially when ample reward was offered for his efforts.  But reward was expensive.  Otiserin did not like giving gifts for work expected unless there was no other choice.  He preferred another, less expensive solution.
Otiserin saw that both Marcus and Neposes were ambitious fellows, the men desiring power and prestige above monetary gain or stately women.  Through hints and innuendos, he implied that the two men were being considered as his heirs to the station of high warlock over the Black House, and that possibly a name had already been selected.  Coveting that prestigious position of high warlock, each of the two men drove themselves to attain the prize in hopes of bettering the other in the eyes of the high lord.
Otiserin’s scheme worked fine until the two house lords discovered each other’s identities.  It was not long after this that the men plotted together to gain the position of high lord, each man agreeing to lift the other up in glory by becoming coregent high lords, the two overseeing the Three Houses equally.  So it came about that, at a convenient time, when the three house lords found themselves in private council, Marcus and Neposes forced Otiserin to drink hemlock-laced wine before strangling the man, declaring the man committed suicide.  They then sat back and waited for the Keepers of Divine Treasures to announce which one of them was to become high lord.
After the passing of several weeks, the two lords were summoned to a special meeting.  Arriving with the excited anticipation at having the new Keepers of Divine Treasures announce one of them as high lord, to their surprise and dismay, a new high lord already sat the seat of the Black Hearts, Otiserin having chosen Anthony Parsimias, a Roman Briton born of a highland warrior father and a half-Roman scullery maid mother, a secret the two murdering conspirators did not know.
Anthony’s father had been a long time enemy of Rome, being of Scot, Pict, and Roman heritage.  Anthony had been raised by his Pict grandfather after his father’s murder at the hands of drunken Roman soldiers.  Swearing revenge, Anthony fought beside his Scottish brethren until after his capture and enslavement as a boy in his mid teens.  Rescued from the fate of the mines by the saving grace of monks who bought the boy and brought him to their hermitage, the boy soon converted to the ways and teachings of these monks who eventually brought him into their secret priesthood.  In later years, he made his way to Rome to learn the more complex arts of the Hormaxian ways, becoming highly skilled at making the Zaelock priestesses serving in the various temples throughout the empire.  Otiserin took an immediate liking to the man, lifting him up to prominent, priestly positions after he became high lord.
After Otiserin’s untimely death, Anthony, believing it was murder committed by one or both of the other Hormaxian lords, set about solidifying the new church, cementing its destiny by raising up future emperors like Constantine who venerated universal Christianity.  For Rome, itself, he had other intentions, and the weapons he was going to use against it he already possessed.  Rome had murdered his family, imprisoned and tortured him, and stolen his lands and inheritance.  Now it would pay the price for its atrocities against him!  Marcus and Neposes would serve Anthony well in breaking up the power of Rome.
Rome was not built in a day, and long it must bleed before its dead carcass would lie rotting in the abandoned field.  Rome’s heart would not be permitted death, being transferred in future days to the home of Anthony’s birth.  This the new high lord could see from afar off, his visions telling him it was to be.  So, he would lay the foundation of Rome’s demise, delivering it to a fate it could not escape.  Rome would pay and pay dearly for what it had done to him!  Smiling, Anthony rested his head on his pillow, dreaming about the future torments he was to deliver upon his lifelong enemy as he thought about the beautiful angel who had recently visited him.

Meanwhile, a lone creature hidden in red robes silently flitted through the darkness of Anthony’s house chambers within the newly completed cathedral in Constantinople.  The witch queen over the worlds of men and Hell grinned with satisfaction.  Suetonius had not been her enemy, nor was Rome.  It was Legion and Lucifer from whom she wished to collect a debt.  Rome was their hope, their dream for world conquest.  For hundreds of years, they had primped and cared for this treasure of theirs.  Now they had stolen the spirit of Christ in an attempt to create the New World Order they so needed to accomplish their purpose.  If Rome fell, it would take a millennium to build their kingdom anew.  And the west?  The western world was already as good as finished, its days numbered by the trickling sands of the fated hour glass.
Those visions of Anthony’s, of his homeland taking up the heart of Rome?   Not by Lucifer’s power had they been given him.  Britain would rise.  The Haudenosaunez would see to it, and Anthony would be their tool to begin its ascent.  After all, was Anthony not a descendant of Merlin and Lady Drakous?  Let him be the one to avenge their deaths.

Instead of the high lord using newly gained powers through the unifying edicts of the First Council of Nicaea, Anthony used the competitive spirits of Marcus and Neposes to poison the soul of Rome, dividing east and west through political and religious intrigues.  He made sure that Arianism did not die, but continued to eat away at the very fabric of the Church’s faithful clergy.  As he wrote in his later memoirs for future House Lords, ‘A sword cleaves to the heart, killing the opponent swiftly.  But what good is it?  All you create is another opponent, and you must learn his weaknesses and strengths again as you did your first.  Ah, yet ever does the tiny thorn trouble the mind of the person forced to carry it in his heal, eventually driving him to distraction.  Carry in your scabbard, then, not the sword but the thorn tipped with ever so little poison.  In your enemy’s madness, you will gain the victory.’
Through his countless political and religious intrigues, by the time High Lord Anthony Parsimias passed into death in 368 CE, he had managed to create a rupture in the western empire of Rome that could never be fully healed.  His successor, a certain Henry David Glassman, a descendant from the Scottish Highlanders and island warriors of Hibernia, also a child conceived through rape by a Roman father, was an excellent candidate to carry on Anthony’s clandestine war against Rome.  He did not disappoint.
High Lord Henry lived far into his nineties, dying in 416 CE in his ninety-sixth year.  After his murder of Theodosius I, Henry managed to create enough turmoil between the eastern and western Roman Empires ruled over by Theodosius’ sons, Arcadius and Honorius, that neither side could subdue the other, thus weakening both east and west in the power struggle that ensued.  It is said that Henry celebrated for twenty days when news reached his ears that Gothic leader Alaric I had sacked Rome in 410 CE.  This weakening of the Roman Empire, combined with the removal of Roman defenses from Britain in 407 CE, encouraged Henry to begin carrying out High Lord Anthony’s future visions for his British homeland.

What had concerned High Lord Otiserin Aurelius, indeed, for the very reason he had gathered the bishops to Nicaea in 323 CE, continued to haunt the future high lords down through the straits of time.  The western worlds across the Atlantean Sea were ever growing in glory.  By the fifth century, the Southland overlords were firmly established in the former lands of Meric, even having pushed over the western mountains to engage in coastal wars with Chinese settlers.  In the east, the armies of Hormax conquered all the territories south of the Great Susquehanna River, named after an angel who stood at the river’s mouth, driving back enemy sea invaders by fire and storm.  They also possessed all the territories of the Ohio up to the confluence of the two eastern rivers.  There Chief Allegany, a descendant of Meric, built a set of defense works that the enemy was unable to carry, the man dying in the contest over those works.
Joining the children of Meric in holding the eastern regions against the southern onslaught was an army of some twelve thousand kinsmen from the isles of western Britain.  Among them was a tribe of four thousand fierce, red-haired, blue-eyed warriors called ‘Monongahela’, who drove the Hormaxian hordes up the river, south of what came to be called the ‘Allegany’ and also back down the Ohio River, forcing them out of those territories.  Still, the Southlands people occupied all the other territories of Meric clear to the falls above the easternmost inland sea and most of the shoreline of the inland sea above the falls.  For nearly two hundred years, the territories of the Ohio region ran red with the blood of foe and friend as the two sides constantly warred against one another, that part of the world becoming a desolate no man’s land, bereft of hearth and home.
For the most part, the invasion of the lands of Meric and the conversion of its people to the worship of Lucifer had been quite successful.  The king-priests cared little to dominate the north by constructing great cities of stone as had been done in the Southlands, being more interested in raping the land of its wealth and glory to be sent south to build up their empire there.  If it had not been for the constant turmoil in the Upper Realms during this same time period, forcing Asotos and his lieutenants to distraction away from Earthly endeavors, the Southland Hormaxian priesthood might well have gained the upper hand over the Houses in the eastern world, becoming the progenitors of the coming New World Order.  By the time dark forces in the Heavens concentrated their attention toward Earth again, all that had changed.

*    *    *

‘A thousand years is but a day…’  To men of Earthly mortality, this vision regarding time is too profound when planning life’s journeys where seventy or eighty years eats up soul and mind, leaving only memories in the hearts of one’s descendants.  Yet, for the children of other worlds whose lives can only be measured in ages of countless millennia, what is one or two thousand years when compared to the whole of time?  By the middle centuries of the first millennium of the fourth age of men, the Haudenosaunez were beginning to view time as their ethereal brethren did.  The hourglass sands flowed down rivers no longer measured by the lives of men, but for purpose of cause, they ever meandered toward Destiny’s seas.
So it came to be that Serah found herself standing outside the council chambers in Eden, silently pondering her journeys across time and space that had delivered her to this place at this moment.  So long ago had the crow taken flight, its hour of dominance not yet diminished.  So much she had witnessed since Atlantis sank beneath the seas, ushering in the Third Age of men.  Then she stood at Bethlehem’s gates with Mary and Joseph as she watched the Fourth Age begin with the birth of the one come to be called the ‘Christ child’.  Now she was outside the door where her fellow Haudenosaunez were gathering to decide when the Fifth Age was to begin, delivering the west to ruin while slapping the face of the remaining worlds of men.  Sadly, Serah recalled the words uttered by Javan as he charged Pharaoh AnahNakaNoah’s battle line at the Bantoowazzi River.  ‘I am Death…the destroyer of worlds and bringer of destruction!’
She shuddered at the thought of all the souls she had deliver to Hell’s pits.  How many?  The woman could not remember.  Thousands…or was it tens of thousands?  Nations had eaten each other up because she had willed it while playing this eternal game against the dark forces of Heaven and Earth.  Cities had burned, worlds enslaved, navies ripped apart upon the seas.  Child, virgin, old man…it had made no difference.  What difference did it make, anyway?  Seventy or eighty years was all the poor bastards had to start with!  What was a few, more or less, when measured upon the scales of Time?
Again the woman held those scales in her hand, preparing to make Fate’s decision as to when to open Hell’s cauldron once more, this time to bring to ruin the world of men.  Possibly half of Earth’s population would come to its finish, and for what?  Oh, for the curse of Dancing Stones!  Sodasonie had warned them all, but, for that joyous feeling of standing in the presence of such a goddess and being offered the honor to live to the ending hour when wickedness was brought to a finish, she had stayed on the burning funeral pyre.  Thinking of man’s shortness of life, Serah became envious of it.  “They do not know the blessing given them, to suffer but for a day and then to fade into blissful sleep, dreaming of a pleasant future.”
The woman swore under her breath, cursing her birthing.  With head down, she quietly mused, asking herself, “Had I really known the truth of matters, would I have turned away in that hour?”  She shook her head.  “Does the moth return to the cocoon when the world turns cold about it, or when the raven chases it upon its wings?  Am I more righteous than the others, deserving a better life than that my of sister, Sodasonie?  Perfect in every way she is, while I am but a very fractured lump of clay!  Better is she than I.   I chose this road and shall carry on to the world’s ending if that is what is expected of me…for her and the others…for Lowenah.”
Standing up straight, she steeled herself.  “I am Death, the destroyer of worlds, but also the bringer of life when all is finished!”  Pushing the door aside, she stepped into the council chamber.

*    *    *

Hyhoset was in a foul mood after hearing earlier reports from escapees that Legion had reneged on his promise in the days of Gomer, to leave the western world to its own means and fate, free from any direct interference from the Sky Children.  It had been told that a Sky Child of renown, a great and powerful wizard, had made his presence known in the flesh among the children of the Southlands, even treading upon the holy ground of Meric.
She slammed a fist into an opened hand.  “I shall search him out and kill the wretched abomination myself, if need be, and any other servant from the sky who may be accompanying him!  And that Legion, worthless shit-slime...I should have slaughtered him that day at the Council of HETH when I had the chance!”  The woman looked over at her mother, Noah, who was quietly observing, something rarely done by her.  “You destroyed the wrong soul that day!  Wasted a good opportunity…  We both did!”
Sodasonie lifted a hand, interrupting Hyhoset.  “Noah and you saved our worlds from catastrophe that day by letting Legion live.  Had you delivered a fatal blow to Legion on that day, Lucifer would have unleashed his wrath upon Heaven and Earth, seeking the annihilation of all flesh in both realms.  My kind is not yet prepared to deal with such a war, not now.  Even should we have fended off his forces in the Heavens, the fate of Earthly men?  I dread to even consider what it might have been.  No, all things must be played out to their end.  Another is to deliver Legion’s head to destruction, at a future time and in his own city of Memphis.  It is by an oath of our mother, Lowenah, that such a prophecy has been uttered.”
Hyhoset clenched her fists in anger.  “What of SalakTaqadam?  Must I allow the demon’s worthless carcass to also live, or may I rip out his throat as my mother did with ShalLakai?!”
Sodasonie warned off Hyhoset’s question with a wave.  “Your warring is against blood and flesh, unless a spirit should directly attempt your injury or death!  It was not a good thing that Noah did, and innocent blood in the Heavens has been shed because of it.  You were granted the power over the spirits, not to engage in a warring, but as a protection for you so that no missile or dart the enemy might attempt to destroy you with would succeed.  SalakTaqadam will come to his finish in a way suited for him, but not by your hand.”
Hyhoset cried in desperation, pointing toward the doorway, “So must I wait to see everything my husband devoted his life to dissolve into the rotten nothingness delivered upon that world by those diseased abominations from the Southlands?!  What of justice and promise?  What of the declaration made by our father Noah, promising that the land of my father and his father before him…and his father before him, made to the ‘Lady Who Dances Upon the Stones’, that it was a holy land given to the sons of the Elkhorn and the Mountain Bear to times indefinite, even forever?  Tell me, are the words of Lowenah’s servants of no better value than the gifts of Lucifer?”
Sodasonie was stung, but understood well the agony tearing at Hyhoset’s heart.  “My child, do you wish the blood of all mankind to drip from your hands?!  For if you lift one finger up against the wickedness of Hormax in your husband’s land, then upon you will the curse of the age’s ending fall.  Do you really wish for that?!”
Hyhoset moaned, tears filling her eyes, “I want my husband given back to me!  I want my children again to hold at my breasts, not carved stones with weathered names to fondle and touch.  All I have left is the promise given that forever the land of Meric was to remain holy, that it was a home for my father, a man I never knew, to return to!”
Stroking Hyhoset’s arms, Sodasonie made reply.  “All those promises will come to pass.  And yes, Noah did say that forever the land of your father was to remain holy, but there was no promise given that it would not become defiled.  Now I ask you again, do you wish to have the blood of all mankind drip from your fingers, or should that curse be passed on to another, more deserving person?”
Peering into Sodasonie’s eyes, Hyhoset puzzled, “What are you all about?  Of course I wish not for innocent blood to be shed by my hands!”
Squeezing Hyhoset’s arms while nodding, Sodasonie answered, “Then allow the cock to crow the morning, the eagle to fly off to its unreachable nest, the worm to become a moth and the wicked to devour their own.”
Hyhoset reached out, clutching Sodasonie in an iron hug as her tears gushed forth.  “May it come soon…  Oh, may it come soon!”
After Hyhoset’s tears subsided, Sodasonie stood back while still tenderly holding the woman’s arms, looking into a distraught face, promising,  “Before Meric’s and your great grandson, Joshawnataun, comes to his long rest, the world of the Elkhorn and Cave Bear shall again be free of its Hormaxian overlords.  He and the others of his Genesee Clans will wipe the memory of that people out of the land of Meric.”  She then cautioned, “Be patient.  Allow the enemy to do his own dirty work.  Keep your hands free of all the innocent blood the world must bleed in that coming hour.”
Staring down at the floor, Hyhoset promised she would wait upon the witching hour.  “I will trust to that moment when evil is banished from this land.”  She looked up into Sodasonie’s face, her eyes pleading, “Please make it be so...”
Sodasonie smiled sadly, nodding, “It is as good as finished.  Look, the carrion birds already are gathering for the coming feast!  The game has already been played out to the end, and the crows have departed their rooks to rob coins from the dead.  Evil men walk the darkness, seeking their own glory while schemers secretly do their scheming.  The game has been called and the dice rolled.  Allow the loser to seek his own revenge.  It will be delivered soon enough.” 
At that, Sodasonie suggested that they all should finish what business was yet to be conducted, warning, “Even though we will wait upon the wicked to bring the darkness, there is still a great deal of work to be done by us before that hour arrives and little is the time to develop our strategy.”

*   *   *

Godenn was furious as he quietly stormed from Samyaza’s fortress sanctuary, muttering under his breath, “That piece of shit, SalakTaqadam, isn’t going to steal the prize from me!  Too long I’ve labored to have that worthless scum promoted to general enforce, making me his subordinate!  If Samyaza believes I will play his little game, he’s sorely mistaken!  I’ll teach him…teach them both!”

(Author’s note… During this time period, ‘Samyaza’ and ‘Legion’ were both commonly used names for the chief lieutenant of Lucifer, i.e. Chrusion or Asotos.  As the First Realm became more militarized over the following centuries, the name ‘Legion’  was more often used in reference to the man until, by the days of Atlantis’ rebirth, that was the only name he was known by.)

The earlier meeting with Samyaza was not at all what Godenn had expected.  Instead of praising him for crafting the greatest of empires seen in the history of mankind into a political and religious machine that controlled and influenced the world of men, Samyaza had accused Godenn of gross indifference concerning western Rome, arguing that his dispassionate interest in the sixth world power since Egypt led to the current state of dysfunction found in the western empire.
Godenn argued just the opposite, that for eight hundred years he had labored tirelessly to bring Rome to the fore over all the surrounding nations.  Samyaza’s chief lieutenant explained how he wrestled the glory from Greece, crushed Carthage and the Phoenician shipping guilds, brought Egypt and all the eastern Great Sea peoples to their knees, and had even attempted an invasion of the lands of Meric across the Atlantean Sea.  He complained, “I would have succeeded had you kept that witch Hyhoset in her place like you promised you would!  It was not me who failed by hiding in his fortress for fear of some Earthling woman, forcing me to turn my attention away from those worlds and back toward this one!”
Godenn’s verbal attack rankled Samyaza, but he maintained his composure.  What his lieutenant said was true.  Samyaza had reneged on his promises to keep the Haudenosaunez in check.  After Noahashonie assaulted him at a Council of HETH, he abandoned the Earthly world, ruling over his realm from his city of Memphis.  Godenn was forced to take command in the field, leaving him little time to dabble in the fate of Rome, allowing things to get out of control, while his attention was focused elsewhere.  Only now was Godenn able to reel the House of Hormax back into playing the game his way, no thanks to Samyaza.
Samyaza’s arrogant pride would never allow him to admit such failures.  Godenn must accept responsibility for the failure of Rome, yet Godenn might openly rebel if his overlord forced the issue with him.  His lieutenant had a reputation for eliminating his antagonists and other threats to his person and power.  More than one officer opposing Godenn’s objectives had suffered an unfortunate accident, mattering little to him the officer’s rank or standing with Samyaza or Chrusion.  All this aside, Samyaza’s interest in the Lower Realms had recently been rekindled by Chrusion’s growing desire to have his purpose accomplished there.  This meant preparing the world for the coming arrival of their god-king.
The meeting was not a private one between only Godenn and himself.  There were several high-ranking officers and officials from Samyaza’s regime.  Most notable was SalakTaqadam, an immediate lieutenant of Godenn, second highest-ranking officer in Samyaza’s command, and heavily involved with the development and growth of the Hormaxian priesthood in the western lands across the Atlantean Sea from Rome.  For some time, Salak had been vigorously arguing with Samyaza to let him use his western Hormaxian powers to create the coming New World Order.
Hormaxian successes in the former lands of Meric impressed Samyaza to the point of his seriously considering Salak’s request to refocus attention away from the old Hormaxian leadership in the east to the highly successful power brokers in the west.  It also pleased Samyaza to do this because the western Hormaxian style of religion held true to the one he established preceding and up through the time of Atlantis.  Bloodletting and torture were not only favorite tools he had long used to maintain his power, its practice was also one of his most pleasurable pastimes.  Child murder and human sacrifice carried on by the western people satisfied a passion in Samyaza’s heart, his original vision being for it to spread throughout the Second Realm.  Atlantis’ ruin changed the entire structure of world religion, Christendom sounding the death knell for human sacrifice.  Salak had somehow managed to convert the sons of Meric to that western religion.  Could he also succeed, doing the same with the people in the eastern worlds?
It would thrill Samyaza to see a resurgence of the religion he had invented in the early years after the global flood, a kind of revenge for Erithia (Lowenah) destroying his pre-flood world.  Tempting as it was to give Salak the honor of lifting up his western Hormaxian priests to deliver mankind to his New World Order, Samyaza realized the inherent danger in doing such a thing.  Godenn could not be trusted to quietly accept Salak’s promotion in which he would become Salak’s subordinate.  Indeed, neither man could be trusted, their loyalty only to themselves.  Salak was openly ruthless and cunning while Godenn hid his sadistic mercilessness behind pleasant chatter and an innocent, carefree smile.
With the world only recently delivered up to a religion that promoted sacrifices of the spirit instead of those of animal and human, how long would it take to convince the peoples of that new religion to revert back to passing their children through the fire, or accept the cutting out of the heart to please the gods?  Indeed, even in its contaminated and twisted form, the Christianity delivered upon mankind by the Father Church had a strange power and energy that no other religion possessed.  Samyaza puzzled over this facet of the newly created Hormaxian Christianity.  Until he figured out the driving forces behind it, he cared little to tamper with it, fearing the effect it might produce with regard to the coming New World Order.
Still, Samyaza enjoyed a lively game where his lieutenants would be pitted one against the other.  He saw a contest in this dispute between Godenn and Salak, one that might allow him to remain aloof from the danger and turmoil it might well produce.  ‘Far better it is to have the assassin’s attention focused away from yourself,’ he had so often said when forcing unpleasant situations upon his lieutenants.
So it became settled in Samyaza’s mind.  Meeting with Godenn and Salak, he proposed that a contest be held to see which branch of the Hormaxian priesthood would be used to deliver the New World Order.  “A game to see who will be the chosen one to gift our lord-king his kingdom on earth…  Western Rome is crumbling, but its majesty remains great in the east.  The sons of Horus in the western lands of Meric have conquered vast territories, but have yet to crush his loyal children in the eastern regions of those territories.”
Samyaza stood, lifting a hand, extending a finger, “Now here is the contest.  Both of you have had successes, and both of you have fallen short of achieving the full victory.  Here is what I propose.  To the one who gains success first, I will give the glory to his priesthood to press the religion of the New World Order.  Godenn must restore the glory of Western Rome and Salak must bring to a finish all the loyal sons of Meric in western lands.  To the one who first succeeds will the honor be given to unite the world under the yoke of his one religion.  Whoever has come closest to success by the time the comet Hosiania next passes between Earth and the moon will be the winner.  Those of your fellows gathered in the room this day will become judges as to who has been most successful.”  Ah, yes, let the dagger be pointed at them by the losing contestant.
Salak was eager to accept Samyaza’s offer, Godenn much less so.  Although Godenn accepted the terms, having little option otherwise, wrathful anger boiled up in his heart.  Already, he was planning his revenge.  If Western Rome could not be salvaged, then a ruin he would make all the western world of Meric and the Southlands.  As he stood there, agreeing to the contest, Godenn was conceiving a plan to bring all the works of Salak down in a pile of rubble.

*    *    *

Joshawnataun bowed low before Hyhoset and her companion, Sodasonie, in the darkness of a flickering blaze inside the Great Moot Hall located at the confluence of two rivers that flowed together into the valley of the Ohio waters.  Pipe weed smoke hung heavy in the room where dozens of elder chieftains slept in an uncanny stupor, Joshawnataun having been waked by Hyhoset when the two women entered the hall.
With hands outstretched in reverential appeal, Joshawnataun beseeched the women, “Oh my mother goddess, Queen Monacan, wife of Meric who bore to him my father’s fathers, and goddess Sodasonie, White Buffalo Woman and sister to the Mountain Bear, with incantations and chants, the people of these nations have cried out night and day to the Children of the Fire because of the dread of the multitudes gathered against us to bring this people down to ruin!”
Still on his knees, he lifted his hands, palms up.  “Like the leaves found in the forest, they are uncountable in number.  They march as one against your children, the sons of the Rephaim in their lead! Their spears are like the shafts of the weaver’s loom and they ride giant, horned beasts with armored plates of iron and copper!  Our people are exhausted and have little strength remaining to resist them, for many are the battles we have fought against them and many are the empty wombs and cold hearths because of the intense warring we have forced against them!”
The man pointed as if seeing down the river Ohio, “In ships unnumbered, carrying fearsome weapons that rain fire and thunder down upon us, they sail up the river, our tiny war canoes no match for their copper-plated, oaken hulls!”  He pointed skyward.  “And ships that ride upon the breeze they do send against us so that no place have we found to hide from their evil tempest!”
With tears, he cried, “Not one of our people has bent a knee to those disgusting gods, but valiant in the fight against their wickedness we have been until no strength remains in us!  If it is to our deaths you expect us to fight against this unstoppable foe, tell us it is to be so and we shall fight this ungodly enemy to our last breath.  But if it is to offer us hope for life that you have arrived this hour, please help us so that it might become so.”
Sodasonie reached out, taking Joshawnataun’s hand.  “Stand, child of light, for your eyes will see this rabble gone from the lands of Meric before you go to your fathers’ rest.  Yet that is in days future from this one.”  She looked about the smoky room.  “These men are all dreaming dreams, telling them to listen to your voice and everything it may speak in their ears.
“On the morning light, you are to gather all your people residing in the river basins of these three rivers, telling them all, from old man to virgin to mother giving suck, to make their way quickly into the mountainous hills roundabout, taking only what may be carried swiftly away.  Abandon home, hearth, village, whatever that may be yours, telling them to bring no harm to those things, only to flee in great haste, for the armies from both the south and north are coming quickly.  And the armies of the north shall consume those from the south, and you will not have to fight in this instance.
“And when the armies of the north have retreated so that the sun shines forth upon the land again, send your womenfolk and old men and virgins to the eastern parts of your territories to gather acorns and nuts from the forests, and to catch the fish in the rivers and hunt the elk in the forests, drying the meats in great abundance, leaving behind only the warriors among you to guard these western territories.  Then have them seek out the face of the mountain witch, Queen Cheyenne (Tuosolmerica) so that your souls will be preserved in the hour of darkness that will consume all life from south to west and into the northern regions.”
She stepped up to Joshawnataun, kissing him on the cheek.  “A most desirable man you are.  Your days of glory are to be found above the skies and in later days.  From you, a future son will rise who will split the heavens and crush the midnight, returning the glory of Javan and your father, Meric, to this world.  Until then, go your way and do all the things I have spoken to you, and it will go well for you and your people.”
Joshawnataun bowed low, kissing both Hyhoset and Sodasonie on their hands, tears welling up in his eyes.  “Everything you have asked of us, we will do.  Tomorrow, at the breaking of the sun, I will send out runners to all the villages and towns of the Allegany, Monongahela, and other allied tribes, for them to take to flight into the surrounding mountains to wait for the darkness of the northern armies to pass by.  All the words you have spoken to me I shall have declared in their ears, so that should someone become obstinate and not listen to your counsel, their blood will be upon their own heads.”

*    *    *

Chieftain SlueAgatatan sat near the doorway of the abandoned moot hall, puzzling over the many reports coming back to him from his advance army scouts.  He looked at his second in command, waving his hand and shaking his head.  “I do not understand this at all!  It is as if the people floated away into the sky or sank into the ground!  Not a soul remains to be found anywhere.  It has been the same in every village and city we have come to all along the river.  Now we stand at the division of the Ohio and look, all is the same as we found down river.  Where have all the people gone, and why?”
He stood, motioning about.  “Food remains in the cooking pots, skins hang on the drying racks, tools and weapons hang upon their posts or lie abandoned in the fields.  The riches and spoils of a life’s labors have been left remaining.  Even the gold, silver, and copper have not been taken into hiding places.  Flint celts worth many days’ wages remain neatly stacked beside beads and furs at the traders’ tables.  Only the breeze remains to speak to us, and its voice is oppressively warm and heavy.”
A scout came running in to make report, having traveled some distance, apparent from the man’s being winded.  “My Lord…” the man wheezed, “my Lord…”  After the longest of pauses, he managed to catch his breath.  “The…the enemy people have abandoned every city, fort, and village a day’s fast march up yonder river, possibly further.  It has been discovered that they have all taken to the surrounding hills, carrying only what they could on their backs.  It was told us by an old man found lingering in a distant village that a great, northern army is soon to arrive to do battle with us!”
SlueAgatatan mockingly laughed, “And you believe this old man?  Why even the gods could not raise an army so quickly as to bring this great multitude to ruin!”  He looked up the river, nodding in thought.  “I will tell you what this is all about.  Our priests have been calling out to our gods night and day, sacrificing many hearts upon their altars to gain their assistance and protection against this rabble.  Those gods have gone before us into the land of the enemy, chasing them away from home and hearth so that we may gain much spoil while waiting for the enemy to become weak from hunger.  Then, when the proper hour has arrived, we will swoop in upon them, slaughtering many while taking slaves to sacrifice on the high places!”
Turning to his second in command, SlueAgatatan gave orders for the fleet to soon take once more to the rivers and secure all the towns and villages for the army.  “It will not be many days before weakness of hunger overcomes those people.  When the hour is right, we shall storm the mountains as one army does a fortress!  In the meantime, their very homes shall become our military encampments.”
Over the following three days, SlueAgatatan’s hundreds of ships sailed up the rivers, his army occupying all the cities and towns to be found in the low country.  Like ants, his army swarmed through the valleys, over two hundred-thousand strong, with many horses and horned beasts.  By the arrival of the fourth day, his army was strung along the rivers for over ten leagues, the men taking to guzzling down the oceans of wine and hard drink discovered in the warehouses along the wharves of the rivers.
It was on the afternoon of that same day that SlueAgatatan exited the moot hall after discussing future battle plans with his other chief officers, his adjutant pointing away toward the northeast.  “A storm approaches.  Shall I call the captains to secure their boats and make fast the moorings?”
“Far off it is, and possibly may pass us by...”  SlueAgatatan replied.  “Still…yes, tell the captains to secure their boats and ships.  Have them keep their crews on station so that if the waters rise and they need to take to the river, there will be people already aboard to man them.”
The adjutant saluted and hurried away to carry out his orders.  For the remainder of the afternoon, SlueAgatatan occasionally searched the sky toward the northeast.  Darker and darker it became, until the horizon appeared to have become black as a moonless night.  Yet the storm hung low ever in the east, the sky remaining clear and blue across the western heavens.  When the evening sun sank below the hills, casting its radiant, red glow across the rivers and valleys, SlueAgatatan took his ease, forgetting about the fearsome storm far off to the northeast.

It was about the changing of the midnight watch when Chieftain SlueAgatatan was jolted awake by a screeching wind that tore at his command quarters, ripping away the slamming shutters while fearsomely shaking the bed SlueAgatatan had been sleeping in.  Running to the doorway, he found some of his lieutenants staring dumbly into the darkness from the protection of a wide, roof-covered, oaken portico, the deafening sound of the howling wind filled with cries of desperate men attempting to escape the growing tumult.  Protected from the tempest by the thick walls of the building, the portico being on the lee side of the structure, the chieftain and his officers watched unfolding events in terrified amazement.
A sudden bolt of lightning exploded from the sky, turning the pitch blackness into day.  The fireball struck a ship floundering in the tempestuous waters, racing down its mast and erupting in fire and flame across the deck, setting the entire ship ablaze.  The men under the portico stared in horror as sailors dove overboard to escape certain death, most quickly drowning in frothing waves.  Before anyone could gather their wits about them, the sky opened up in all its fiery fury as lightning raced across the heavens, once again turning the night into blinding daylight.
Through flashes of burning light, SlueAgatatan looked across the camp and up the river in such shock, the man could not utter a word.  Dozens of twirling storm clouds danced upon the waters and ripped through the camps, sinking ships and tearing away tents while pitching wagons, trees, buildings, animals and people into the roiling storm.  The chieftain stared, spellbound, as half a dozen horned beasts were caught up by one twisting vortex and carried out of sight into the boiling cloud mass above.  Everywhere, all that he could see was growing ruination.  Yet even witnessing all this tumult and destruction could not prepare SlueAgatatan for what was coming.
Suddenly, without warning, the clouds opened up with a torrential downpour the likes of which the man had never witnessed.  So heavy was the driving rain that, even with the intense lightning, a person was able to see only the distance of a bowshot.  People caught in the open stumbled, seeking shelter or hugging the ground for safety, but it did little good.  Within minutes, roadways, ditches, and little gullies were raging torrents, sweeping everything in their paths toward the river.  SlueAgatatan’s ears were pummeled by the screams of his men as tempestuous waters consumed their lives.
It felt as if a lifetime passed before the rain began to ease the least little bit.  The comfort of hoping that the storm was finally passing turned to unease and trepidation, a quiet rumbling growing in intensity, its angry power increasing by the second.  As SlueAgatatan listened intently, fear of uncertainty filling his heart, the ground began to shake, dancing in time with the growing rumble coming from the direction of the river.
Stepping to the edge of the portico, SlueAgatatan stared out through the driving rain, his heart stopping within him as though in death.  The lightning storm revealed a gray, frothing mass filled with the wreckage of trees, buildings, ships, even boulders of immense size, all being tossed high in the air in front of this heaving wall of debris.  Of greater height than the tallest masts of his warships it was, bearing down upon his army at the speed of the fastest of horses.  No time was there for him or anyone to flee, for the rain cloaked the monstrous wall of water until little more than a bowshot’s distance it was from them.  SlueAgatatan sucked in a breath just as the flood reached him, gathering him up along with his army and sweeping them all along with it in its path of destruction as it raced for the sea.

It took over seven days for the river waters to recede enough to permit Joshawnataun’s people to begin their arduous journey across the ruined lands and into the east.  Animals being aplenty, because so many had fled the approaching storm into the mountains, along with large amounts of summer fruits and ground nuts, there was more than enough food for all those leaving, as well as the army that was to remain behind to cleanse the lands of any surviving enemies and to protect against another possible invasion.
Few of the enemy were to be found alive, though, the vast majority having been consumed in the earlier, storming floods.  Joshawnataun’s army needn’t have feared another invasion, there being no military strength remaining in the hands of the people in the former land of Meric.  It would be at least another year before the Hormaxian kings could muster their southern armies for an invasion, possibly longer.  By that time, it would matter little what the enemy did for, by then, other events would be controlling the destiny of men.

*    *    *

SalakTaqadam was fuming, believing that Godenn had delivered the storm that destroyed his army at the headwaters of the Ohio River.  He had been openly swearing revenge ever since the report of its destruction had reached his ears.  When Godenn received news of Salak’s scathing accusations and promised reprisals, he requested that Legion assemble a war council to make inquiry concerning the matter, also demanding that Salak publicly apologize for his uncalled for charges.  Godenn was innocent regarding the storms that swept Salak’s armies into oblivion, and Legion believed it to be so, but secretly he was bemused over the warring between his two chief commanders.  Besides, even if Godenn was innocent, he had been making mischief against his rival in hopes of winning the contest.
As far as Legion was concerned, Godenn was receiving just reward for evil deeds committed against Salak and others that he had not been charged for.  Although feigning excuse for not being able to assemble the war council, saying that the current military situation in the First Realm did not permit the officers making up the council to abandon their other duties to make a journey to Memphis, Legion had no interest in settling this feud between Godenn and Salak.  Both men were dangerous, and should this lead to one taking the other out, it only reduced the number of potential assassins waiting an opportunity to take him out.
Had Legion understood the levels his two lieutenants were willing to go to, he might well have reconsidered how the game was to be played.  He had not comprehended the depths to which Godenn felt his pride had been assailed or how far he was willing to take matters to attain his personal revenge.  This was no longer a contest to see who might be in charge of establishing the coming New World Order.  That mattered little to Godenn now.  He was determined to bring a total ruination to Salak’s schemes regardless of the cost to Earth, its inhabitants, or Asotos’ plans.  Also, what Legion did not grasp was that Salak felt the same and, should he be thwarted, he would act with equal abandon.
So it came about the following year that Godenn send lieges into the western territories of the former land of Meric to pay a visit upon three great Hormaxian temples or laboratories.

Priest Ahzaunddatuie bowed low before the three black-robed, hooded men who had recently arrived from eastern lands via a sky ship belonging to the high lord over the House of Hormax.  “My wizard chieftains…” Ahzaunddatuie explained, nervously clasping his hands in front of him, “long has it been since word has come to us from the east, our chief priests saying the eastern house lords care little for the fates of their brethren in the west, they telling us that alone we stand in the world of men.  Since the devastating Ohioan floods that took the lives of so many of our fellow priests and their servants, no word at all has reached the ears of the priesthood residing between the western mountains and the great rivers to the east that flow into the Tecatucutan Sea.  Alone and without direction, we feel we have become.
The liege, calling himself ‘LugusSol’, asked, curious, “Do you not have speaking stones or flying ships so a search you could have made to find word from your master priests?”
Priest Ahzaunddatuie bowed his head as if in shame.  “Yes, my Lord, there are speaking towers here, and numerous machines of wonder to be found, but…but…you see I and my fellow priests who stand here to greet you are not pure enough in blood to have been taught the use of such wondrous devices, for we are a mixed race of men, half-breeds mixed with the blood of northerners and those from the south.  Too unclean are we to have been educated in all the ways of the southern priesthood.  All the southern priests from these regions joined the Ohioan campaign, leaving us lowly servants to await their return.”
LugusSol nodded understandingly.  After a long pause, as though he was deep in thought, he pulled back his hood, smiling.  “Well then, I believe it is time that the children of half-breeds be lifted up to knowledge and understanding.  The high lord over all the houses of Hormax believes that merit and loyalty are of greater value than blood.  Besides, many of the children of the Northlands are as rich in the blood of Horus as any of the southern priests, the children of the Elkhorn and Mountain Bear being direct descendants of Hormax from the days before Atlantis.  Have your southern masters failed to inform you of this?”
Ahzaunddatuie was shocked by this revelation.  “Our southern masters have not spoken a word regarding this matter, only telling us about their bloodlines.”
LugusSol nodded again, acknowledging, “The southern priests are a tricksy lot, speaking truth only when it serves their purpose.  Lies they have told you regarding the eastern overlords from the House of Hormax.  Usurpers they are, attempting to steal glory that does not belong to them!  It has been for this reason that we emissaries from the east have come to you, for so untrustworthy has the southern priesthood become that not one righteous man among them could we find!  So it is to you that we have come to lift up to glory in the west.”
Falling to his knees and lifting his clasped hands high, Ahzaunddatuie offered reverential praise.  “Oh my lords, a blessing from Lucifer upon you for such kindness offered!”
LugusSol reached out, taking Ahzaunddatuie’s hands, encouraging him to stand.  “I am but your brother of a higher order, but still your brother in the eyes of the majestic Lucifer.  Stand up beside me so that his will might be done.”  He then went on to warn Ahzaunddatuie not to trust any of the southern priests with the information he was going to share with him and his fellow northern priests.  “It is for your ears only, so that you may be lifted up in the House of Hormax to receive the glory owed you.  The south has failed Lucifer and his servants through their deceit and treachery against the eastern lords from the House of Hormax.  So now he has sent us to find other servants in the west that will remain loyal to the eastern high lord.”
Ahzaunddatuie vehemently promised, “Oh my Great Wizard Divine, whatever is your slightest desire, I and my companion priests will happily obey!”
Smiling, LugusSol replied approvingly, “This I believe you will do.”  He then warned, “You must keep all that I and my companions will show and teach you secret unto death, so that not even one of the treacherous southern priests learns a thing about matters, or even our presence.”
Again Ahzaunddatuie promised, bowing low in respect to this important emissary from the eastern houses.  In rapid succession, all the trusted priests from the three temples were gathered together in their respective districts for them also to offer up vows through sacrifices, both animal and human, to Lucifer and his agents, Ahzaunddatuie being transported to the various assemblies aboard the lieges’ sky ship to preside over the assemblies.  Through him were the secrets of the liege lords to be made known to his fellow priests.
Among the greatest secrets revealed was that of harnessing the energy of the underworld.  Within a few short weeks after their initial visit, LugusSol had delivered to Ahzaunddatuie’s temple and the other two temples materials and instructions for the drilling of holes down through the mantle of the planet to tap into the heat welling up from the molten lakes of fire located under each of the three temple complexes.  When completed, these drilled holes would reach down miles through Earth’s crust, so that little space divided them from the melted rock and bubbling gases that anxiously awaited their release to the world above.

LugusSol and Ahzaunddatuie stood, together watching the shiny cylinder being slowly lowered by crane into the newly completed, drilled hole.  LugusSol motioned toward the cylinder, “This machine will deliver to you the glory of the universe once it has been fully activated.  From here, you will make the entire world shake with trepidation and fear!  No longer will any priest in the west or the east look down upon your birthing. Over them all you will have shown your power and glory and the value our high potentate and his chief officer, Zeussah, place on the priests of the Elkhorn.”
Beaming with pride over such praise, Ahzaunddatuie thanked LugusSol for his compliments.  As he watched the cylinder slowly drop from sight, the priest marveled at the many machines that had been installed in the temple, asking, “It all appears so complex.  Will my fellow priests and I really be able to master them all in the short amount of time you say we have before the world witnesses the display of our new glory?”
LugusSol’s eyes followed the cylinder until it disappeared from sight, his face showing no emotion in his reply.  “There is no need for concern, Master Ahzaunddatuie.  I and my fellows will remain here with you until the end.  Beside you we shall stand until all things are brought to a finish.  Then, when all has been accomplished, the world will see you shine in all your brilliant glory.”
Uncertain over the meaning of LugusSol’s cryptic reply, but too filled with trepidation to ask LugusSol to explain himself, with hesitance, Ahzaunddatuie offered his thanks.  “It…it’s so kind of you, your Lordship, that you are willing to remain here with us until all things are properly operating.”
LugusSol slowly turned his gaze toward Ahzaunddatuie, staring into the man’s concerned face, his eyes coal black and expressionless, his voice as chilling as his stare.  “To do the will of my creator, I have come into this world.  This is his will and I will see it through, as will you.”
“Yes…yes, of course,” Ahzaunddatuie nervously replied.  “Whatever is the will of Lucifer…”
LugusSol spoke not a word as he continued staring at Ahzaunddatuie’s face until the priest looked away in bewildered disquiet.  Finally, LugusSol mumbled, "Of course, what you have said.”

Godenn smiled, watching the drone in the viewing screen as it slowly drifted down to Hosiania, touching down upon the comet’s icy surface in a soft landing.  In only minutes, it had burrowed out of sight, except for four rocket exhaust ports that remained protruding into the blackness of space.  Grinning, Godenn adjusted some dials, activating several boring drills that chewed their way deep into the comet’s core.  When the holes were completed, a shiny, metal cylinder was lowered to the bottom of the widest of the holes, heat-resistant, ceramic globes being placed at lesser depths in the smaller holes.
When the drone had completed its programmed tasks, a green light flashed above the screen.  Godenn reached up, pushing a button on the panel next to it.  The light flashed to orange and then to red, a message appearing upon the screen, ‘Warning!  Fail-safe override activated!  Confirm that the fail-safe is to be bypassed!’  Godenn pushed the button again, confirming the override.  The red light turned to orange and then to green, the screen stating that the fail-safe was deactivated.
Removing a small, flat disk from a pocket and inserting it into the port on the console below the screen, Godenn waited for a message confirming the installation of the information from the disk to the console.  When this was finished, the green light flashed three times before another message came on the screen, ‘Activation in process’.  A few moments later, the light flashed green three more times, the screen saying, ‘Activation complete’ just before it went dark, followed by the satellite station’s entire tracking system crashing and going offline.
Pulling the flat disk from the console and slipping it back into his pocket, Godenn quietly made his way from the room and down the long hallway, toward the docking bay.  It would take several hours before Central Control would find the source of the catastrophic failure, Godenn having departed the remote satellite station long before.  By the time the system was back on line, his clandestine plan would have been executed, with no one being the wiser, thinking that what happened was little more than a simple malfunction.  Those kinds of things happen at times, with some poor fellow down the ladder who failed to cover his ass getting the blame.  Oh well, it sucks to be him…
As for his lieges’ success, everything was now in place.  They were only waiting for his sign to appear in the western sky, and then?  Godenn grinned as he waddled down the long passage leading to the shuttle bay.  And then all the machinations of Salak would be delivered to ruin.  What of life on that wretched planet?  Would anyone in the west survive?  Godenn cared little, though he doubted that all human life would be extinguished in that part of the world.  “Little cockroaches…” he muttered, “You can squash ‘em and swat ‘em, but some of ‘em always seem to sneak out alive!  Anyway, there will be enough of mine survive in the east for my needs.”  He stepped up his pace, satisfied that Legion, too, might learn that it is not wise to play games with his immediate lieutenant…

*    *    *

“Little is the time to flee the coming gloom that is soon to consume the world.  Quickly now, gather up the kingly mint that is bitter upon the tongue but soothing to the stomach.  Command all your people to drink it up day and night until the darkness passes away and the sun shines brightly upon the land again.”  With these words, Sodasonie encouraged Joshawnataun and the other clan chieftains to withdraw their armies from the western region and into the mountains with Queen Cheyenne.
“Fear not the enemy invading this world, for soon there will be no enemy to confront you and your people.”  She pointed down the River Ohio.  “Destruction comes not from there, but it will rain down upon all mankind from the heavens.”  She pointed toward the sky.  “The gray cold of winter is coming, along with famine and plague.  Hide yourselves, your women and children, old ones, and any of your domestic animals in the shelters prepared for you by Queen Cheyenne.  Drink daily the tea from the leaves you have gathered so that the sickness might be light upon you.  Do not leave your protective dwellings until the birds do gather again from the east and make their flights to the west and north.  Then food again you may find by searching the hidden valleys and canyons of your world.”
Sodasonie’s voice was grave as she warned Joshawnataun, “You must continue to drink the tea into future days, even when the sun has regained its full glory in the sky, for the plague that is coming upon the Earth will sweep over and over it, like the tide sweeps over the shore.  When a stranger arrives in your land, make that stranger drink from the cup steeped with the king’s mint.  Should they not listen to your voice, then you should make them depart your land.”
Joshawnataun thanked Sodasonie.  “Oh, White Buffalo Woman, witch queen over the mountain bear, how may I and my people ever be able to repay the kindness you have shown to us other than to offer you this oath for all our generations to come?  Only to the Great Spirit will my people bend a knee, or shall the hand of his brother come down on the one rebelling against doing so.  And no towers or temples of worship will I or my brethren build, but in the forest and upon the lonely crags we shall spread our arms in reverential prayer to the Great Spirit, thanking him for our deliverance from this coming evil hour.”
At that, Sodasonie reached out and took Joshawnataun’s hand.  “For your faithfulness in all the things you have done, and for your giving honor to the Maker of Worlds, I promise you this day that, for time eternal, you and your people will have an inheritance in this very land.  A son of your own blood will stand up in the final hour to bring down the House of Hormax, and never again after that time will the evil of Lucifer pollute this world.  Through you, will the House of Javan be remembered.”
Bowing low, Joshawnataun offered a blessing to Sodasonie.  “May Tolohe, the White Buffalo Woman, be eternally remembered among the children of mankind for all the sacrifices she has made to preserve them alive through this wicked age!  May the future child of my blood heal her heart from the wicked deeds done to her.”
Shocked, Sodasonie stepped back in wonder.  Had Tuosolmerica revealed secrets to this man?  No! Sooner would the woman cut out her tongue than divulge such secrets.  What of Aphrodite?  Never!  Then how did Joshawnataun know who she truly was?  Unwilling to take time to ponder the issue further, she changed the subject.  “The pipe weed that grows wild in the deep valleys is harsh upon the lungs, but very powerful in fighting the sickness that is soon to come upon the world of men.  Mixed with the dreaming weed, it will help your people fend off the plague after the sun has regained its glory in the sky.  Use it sparingly, for the weed carries its own evil, but lesser that evil is.”
She looked off toward the west.  “Cleansed by fire, smoke, and plague will the land of Meric become.  When the air is filled again with freshness and the river runs clear, after the plants and grasses grow lush upon the hills and in the valleys, then lead those who might be willing, along with your family, down this river and into western lands as far as the tall, rocky mountains, clearing the religion of Hormax from the surface of the ground.  Any whoever you might find living in the kingdom of Meric willing to turn their attention back to the Great Spirit by abandoning the teachings of Hormax, permit to keep living.  For all the others… from virgin to old man… you must them put to the sword, casting their carcasses upon the ground, for the bird and beast of the field to feast upon.”
Joshawnataun promised he would do just as Sodasonie commanded.
Looking toward the sky, Sodasonie sighed sadly, “I and my people must return to our world.  War looms ever upon us.  When or if you and I will meet again, I cannot say.  Possibly when our worlds have been made new…I don’t know.”  She placed a hand on Joshawnataun’s shoulder.  “Susquehanna will remain with your people for the moment, but for how long, I can not say.  So you I must trust to carry on the teachings of Meric while offering your worship to the Great Spirit.”
At that, Sodasonie turned to the other chieftains, encouraging them to listen to the words of Joshawnataun and follow his instructions, so that it might go well with them.  She then stepped away from Joshawnataun and the others, slowly disappearing into a smoky cloud that gradually grew around her until it, too, faded away.
Without hesitation, Joshawnataun ordered the other chieftains to send runners to all outposts and camps, telling everyone to retreat into the eastern hills, to gather with their people in the places of refuge prepared for them.  “Go quickly, taking only what one is able to carry!  Leave no guard behind for fear of the enemy, but have every living soul make haste, for the hour of escape is short, if one wishes to survive unscathed!”

A little over a fortnight later, Joshawnataun stood beside Queen Cheyenne at the end of a weathered draw in front of a cave entrance bored into a sheer cliff wall, holding his youngest grandson, GuyWanataun.  He stared back down the draw as a number of travelers slowly passed him by, quietly slipping through the narrow opening into the coolness of the caverns beyond.
“I have been told this is the last of my warriors, those from the Monongahela clans who were guarding the waters of the Ohio against invasion.”  He looked back through the opening, speaking to Cheyenne, “So vast it is that thousands of my people have taken shelter in there!  You call this place ‘Eden’s Gate’, passage to the beginning of life.  Tell, me please, is it a name you have given it, or did another person?”
Cheyenne smiled, quietly answering while watching the new arrivals pass through inside, “Our mother goddess, Aphrodite, revealed this place to me, saying it was the same passage your forebears, Javan and Dancing Stones, passed through to be renewed in the flesh before Atlantis’ ending hour.”  She pointed toward the opening while looking into Joshawnataun’s astonished face.  “Eden is a very magical place, it becoming whatever it may need to become.  At the request of your great grandmother, Hyhoset, the Children of the Frost have offered to her children a little piece of Eden’s magic, to preserve them alive through the coming darkness.  These caverns beyond this entrance are part of Eden’s magic.  Safe you and your people will remain for as long as you are here.  Old man and young child will find no harm come to them while they are hidden here.”
Joshawnataun could not believe what his ears were hearing.
“It is so!” Cheyenne argued.  “Right here where you are standing is where your forebears stood, preparing to fend off a pack of wolves when White Buffalo Woman appeared down the draw to rescue them.  Dancing Stones, herself, told me the tale of that encounter.”
Astonished, he begged to hear more.  Cheyenne grinned, taking Joshawnataun’s arm. “Child of this uncertain age, too much there is to this story and the others that are birthed from it.  There is not time enough in your life or those of your children for me to weave this tale to its full.  A poet-troubadour in future days shall chronicle the history of Heaven, Earth, and Hell.  He may well include an account regarding the heroics of the brave and noble Joshawnataun, his ancestor.”
The last of the Monongahela tribesmen passed beyond the door, Dorcineainah, Joshawnataun’s daughter and GuyWanataun’s mother, who was also the warrior wife of a Monongahela chieftain, taking up her son before disappearing into the shadows beyond.  “Hurry along, father!  None are there behind us to follow, for we are the last.”
Taking Joshawnataun’s arm, Cheyenne encouraged the man to enter the sanctuary of Eden’s cave.  “It will be just a moment or so and you will again smell the freshness of outdoors.  Come, and I will tell a tale of an ancient tribe of people, some being your forebears, who journeyed for forty years through a desert wilderness, all the while their clothing and sandals never wearing out.”
“Please do tell me!” Joshawnataun exclaimed as he and Cheyenne slowly entered into the caverns beyond, the door closing behind them, it melting into the rock face of the mountain.

Joshawnataun sat beside his wife, his extended family gathered all about, quietly entertaining their late night meal.  Not long before, Cheyenne had stopped by, encouraging all to eat up.  “The night will be long and a full stomach will assist your rest.”
Joshawnataun thanked Cheyenne for everything she and White Buffalo Woman had done for them all.  “Because of your kind, I and my people will live to see another day, our children growing up to fill this land with their offspring.”
Reaching out and softly grasping Joshawnataun’s forearm, Cheyenne offered him a blessing.  “Your forebear, Queen Monacan, chose wisely when she made you chieftain over the house of the Elkhorn and Cave Bear.  May the remainder of your days be filled with peace as you watch the world of Meric returned to its wild glory as I remember it in the days before Atlantis stole its innocence.”
She stood up, stretching while looking about at the many faces of the men, women, and children quietly enjoying one another’s company while consuming the evening meal.  “This is a place of peace.  No harm will come to any soul while here.”  Then looking back down at Joshawnataun, she informed him, “Queen Monacan is not far from here.  Soon she will arrive to visit her favorite child.  It has been a long day, and I’m sure everyone is a bit tired.  Take some rest so that you might awake into a brand new day.”
At that, Cheyenne excused herself and walked away into the darkness beyond the firelight.
Joshawnataun leaned back, resting against a rocky outcropping, his wife snuggling up beside him.  Taking his grandson up in his arms, the man began to sing a merry little child’s tune until he, too, gradually drifted off with the others into a deep, dreamless sleep.

In the cool, gray darkness of the cavern’s eerie glow, after the evening fires had also passed away into deep slumber, two women quietly walked among the sleeping crowd, the soft patter of naked feet on smooth slate the only sound to be heard.  In time, they came to Joshawnataun and his family, all peacefully asleep.
In little above a whisper, one of the women began to speak.  “The world will be so different when they awake.  Even we do not know what the age will deliver upon this world before the doors of Eden release their hold on this people.  I hope it is a wise thing we do.”
The second woman bent down, tenderly playing with GuyWanataun’s fingers.  “My great, great grandson will have a clean, healthy world to enter back into.  Gone will be the Hormaxian overlords, the darkness over the sun, the sick pall that delivers men to their graves.  All that evil will be forgotten, at least for the moment…as will this world in which they have resided.”  She stood, her eyes boring through the mountain of stone as if seeing the distant nations of the world.  “Sodasonie did not wish for me to bring damnation to the world, saying that I should allow the enemy to eat itself.  I did not resist, but permitted the wicked to destroy the wicked.  It is what Hyhoset promised she would do.”  Her smile grew sinister.  “Hyhoset promised…but Queen Monacan did not.”  She gripped the other woman’s arm, exclaiming, “I do believe Tuosolmerica offered to do the same, but did Queen Cheyenne?”
Tuosolmerica stepped back, surprised.  “I made no promise to anyone, but did understand the Lady that she wished we leave the nations go their own way.”
“No,” Monacan countered, “she said that no longer should we have a home to call our own among the worlds of men.  So Eden has become our home, its keys and many of its secrets handed over to us.”  She put a hand to her chest.  “Hyhoset now sleeps in the deep recesses of Eden.  Her spirit, Queen Monacan, the demon slayer, will ever continue to walk the worlds of men.  To me, in visions and dreams, while I slept in Eden, have come the Spirits of the Ever-Mind, those who came before the worlds of men and angels.  They warned me regarding the machinations of the god, Godden, and how he plans to consume the world in his evil grasp.”  “Well…” she exclaimed, “I intend to turn the moon into blood and make the sun fail to give its light!”
Staring into Cheyenne’s astonished face, she grinned garishly, snarling, “If Rae’s sky ship can take us to the moon, then it will easily deliver me to Hosiania.  Godden has much to learn.  One of those things is never to piss off a demon slayer!  I will make that goddamn fool regret his meddling in this world!  Fire and Ice!  Fire and Ice!  The world shall burn and freeze.  Kingdoms will fall and nations will rise and new religions will consume the old.  The peoples will become like the tempestuous sea as they consume each other in their wanton madness!”
Monacan clenched a fist, raising it high.  “The Sons of Hormax have been permitted their unbridled whoring rule over this world for far too long!  From them I am seizing their power and glory.  No more will their lights shine across the sky, nor their mighty ships sail beneath the seas.  No more will their speaking stones bind the nations under their spell.  The might of the jade and fire of the crystal shall be smashed as if in but one moment, freeing the mad will of wild mankind to rage upon this planet.  The overlords of Hormaxian religion shall become impotent in their ability to hold back this storm!”
Cheyenne begged her concern.  “But the Lady has not wished for this!  She, herself, said to let the evil destroy themselves.  She asked you how one could live with the ruination of such innocent blood on their hands!”
Monacan quietly answered, “There are forces in this universe that the Lady also bends a knee to.  These people you are already aware of, for I do know that in secrecy the Lady told you of them.  But, for me, they have been revealed face to face in my visions.  I do their will at this time and so will you, for they have commanded that it is to be so.  This coming day, I shall gather all the Haudenosaunez together, and then we shall go to war.  Tomorrow…tomorrow the moon shall be turned to blood and the world will be turned over to madness for the number of years that I and my husband ruled this world in peace.  Until a child of Rome births the New Atlantis in these very lands above Eden, shall the world of men be driven mad.”
She pointed at Cheyenne.  “Those same Spirits of the Ever-Mind have declared that you and I…and those with us…shall rip the universe apart.  For it was spoken by the great prophet who prophesied, ‘And there will be signs in the sun and moon and stars, and anguish among nations not knowing the way out.  For nation will rise against nation, and kingdom against kingdom, and there will be food shortages, and earthquakes, and death and pestilence.’  And men will cry out for the mountains to cover them over in those fear-inspiring days.  Yet no rest by God’s hand will come to them, for he will not listen to their cries for mercy just as they did not listen to the voices of his son and prophets.
“The Spirits said to me to pray for the rise of New Atlantis, and that it might not delay.  For as violent as that nation may yet become, it will bring order and peace back to the world of men so that all may hear the voice of the Maker of Worlds before the sounding of the final trumpet, and those people may come to life so that, like you and I, they may never have to die at all!  And nations it will crush and people it will deliver to fire and rage the likes that have not been seen since before the days of old Atlantis’ fall.  Yet humanity it will lift up to the place of the divine, saying that ‘all men are children of God and have freedoms that cannot be denied by men of clay’.”
“But the Lady…”
Monacan stopped her.  “The Children of the Sky, including Sodasonie, and our mother, Aphrodite, will be gathered there with us.  They will listen to my counsel, for it comes from the Spirits Beyond, they having their own purpose for the things that will be done.  So please, my sister, save your questions for that hour and you will see that I have spoken to you in wisdom.”
Looking about at the countless people caught up in a bewitching sleep, Monacan softly sighed in sadness, “I cannot allow these people their blissful rest until the final hour, for from their own inward parts must come the children and the blood that will deliver the history of mankind to Shiloh.  But at least until the sun shines forth in its power and the sky again becomes clear, I can allow them their dreams in this hidden, protected place.”
Taking Cheyenne’s hand, Monacan suggested they leave these caverns for other worlds in Eden.  Accepting Monacan’s offer, the two women slowly retraced their steps until, far off in the darkness, a whirring sound could be heard, followed by a faint glow that gradually faded away.  Joshawnataun stirred, rolled onto his side as he wrapped his arm about his wife, and then drifted back off into a deep, dreamless sleep.

*   *   *

Godden’s smile melted from his face as he watched the viewing screen in horror, at     seeing the comet Hosiania spiraling wildly toward the sun.  Legion screamed, “Stop it!  Stop it!  Make it stop!”  He whirled around, his face going crimson in rage and desperation, glaring into Godden’s terrified eyes, screaming, “If I can prove that you did this to me, I will hang you up by your balls before feeding you alive to the shalafieas, those nasty, flesh-eating snails!  I know you’re behind this!  If I get the proof…”
Godden vehemently denied it.  “No!  No, not I!  Why would I wish my own handiwork that I have so labored for to be destroyed?!  No, there must be another traitor among us!”  He eyed Salak.  “There are others among us who would rather deliver harm to us than to see defeat in the game...”
Salak lunged toward Godden, but stopped at Legion’s command.  Chest heaving, his eyes bored into Godenn’s, raging, “First the storm he brings against me, and then he delivers ruin to the western world!  I know for a fact that his lieges tricked my priests into delivering Sodom’s fires upon the land, the labors of my hands brought to ruin!  Now he delivers the entire Earth to the edge of destruction!  What magic will be remaining in the hands of our Earthly servants when planets collide, releasing the glory of the sun upon them?!”
“I had nothing to do with this travesty!”  Godden cried, nearly screaming.  “There is the foul stench of treason that I smell!  My loyalty is unquestioned, but his…” he pointed at Salak and then eyed others in the room, “or others’ loyalty should stand in question.”
The viewing screen suddenly went blazing white before fading to blue and then black.  Everyone stared dumbly at the screen, realizing that an energy storm of unimagined magnitude was now streaming toward Earth.  In only minutes, the first shockwave would strike, quickly followed by a coronal mass ejection, delivering a lasting blow to the planet.  They believed that any energy systems operated by the Hormaxian underlords would not survive, and that the virus unleashed upon Earth from the comet as it passed by would devastate the human race.  If Earth did survive at all, energy bands surrounding the planet would be altered or possibly destroyed, perhaps taking centuries to revive.
“Fool!  Stupid fool!” Legion screamed, glaring at Godden before glancing at Salak.  “Fools!  Stupid fools!” He screamed again, this time at both of them.
Slamming his fist on the table, he declared in a heated rage, “You both are banished to the pits of Hell until I call you back…if I ever do such a thing!  If you should attempt a revolt, and news reaches my ears that you have departed the Reinholds, a very slow death in the arena awaits you by my own hand!”
Godden began to speak up in his own defense.
Legion roared in anger, “Shut up!” backhanding him across the face.
Calling his personal Gestapo, Legion ordered Godden and Salak to depart immediately.  “Take these…these fools directly to the supply ship, Scallop, keeping them under heavy guard!   Make sure they arrive at the Reinhold city of Skavinskyguard.  There you are to hand them over to General Luvigg, remaining as his ‘guests’ until I, if ever, shall request their return.”
With that, he ordered his two chief officers away.  For several, long years they would remain isolated in the wilds of the Stasis world, something that Salak would later use to his advantage.  For Godden, any feeling of kinship to his former mentor and one-time friend passed beyond repair.  Although he continued serving Legion as a faithful lieutenant, he never again sought out the man’s advantage.  Indeed, it was Godden who made it impossible for Legion to take Sirion as captive, always delivering escape to the woman so that Legion’s desire for revenge could not be realized.  It was not until just before the King’s War when, quite by accident, Sirion was taken prisoner with the capture of Zephath that Legion was successful, Sirion’s presence aboard something Godden could not keep secret from Legion.
In the meantime, the peoples of Earth would be left to their own devices, the world of kings and kingdoms spiraling into uncontrolled madness and mayhem.  It would take Asotos nearly one thousand years to regain control and begin anew his empire building.  By that time, the old ways had passed into oblivion.  The new order would be found to be much different than even he and Legion could comprehend at this moment.

*    *    *

Joshawnataun stood outside his humble home overlooking the confluence of the three great rivers, watching the ever-westward flow of the Ohio, a river that had taken so many of his tribes and kindred on adventures toward the setting of the sun.  Dorcineainah, his daughter, stood beside him, her arm wrapped about the man’s waist.  She looked down upon several large portage boats being loaded at the shore, and then up into her father’s face.
“My grandson, Terawannahwanataun tells me there is the grandest of rivers further off to our west, and beyond it rolling grasslands that stretch for many days’ travel.  He tells me there are herds of wild bison so huge that it takes days for them to pass, and there are giant bears of brown and reddish color that, though fierce, have wonderful hides to make warm winter clothing.  Although Terawannahwanataun leads the party, my son Guy is also going.  I will miss him, for he takes so many of my children along on the journey.  I know I will never see them again.  Their journey is far and I am too old a woman to follow along after them.”
All these things Joshawnataun knew.  He put his arm around Dorcineainah’s shoulder, caught up in thought, staring down at the people at the river’s edge far below.  A man of over one hundred summers he was, his daughter nearly eighty winters.  The children of the Long Sleep lived extraordinarily long lives.  It had been nearly fifty springs since he and his clansmen had exited the caves of Eden, yet for how many ages they had slept, he did not know.  Long it had been, that he was sure of.  Fields once filled with foods of all sorts had become tall, majestic forests before he and the others woke and returned to their new home.  Little remained of their old world, a few pits where storage shelters had been, and occasional piles of stones where dwellings and animal pens once were.  Yes, indeed, why even the thick, hewn beams of the moot houses had rotted into dusk before the people awoke from their deathlike sleep.
Those were exciting times after their awakening, so many people eager to search out the old lands and discover how things had changed, to see if they could locate old villages and dwellings.  Soon the echoing sound of axes could be heard throughout the valleys and across the hills as the people set to work, rebuilding old settlements or constructing new ones.  In time, the frontier extended out to the west beyond the three rivers’ confluence, a land filled with promise and mystery.
It was at that time that Queens Monacan and Cheyenne Tucson…Hyhoset and Tuosolmerica…came to the village of AttaWannahuattahan, built on bluffs above where the Allegany and Ohio Rivers met, gathering the many chieftains to the moot hall for a council.  They stood in the middle of the moot hall, describing lands far off to the west, how few peoples resided there, and that it was time to reach out to fill those lands with children of their blood.  All the words that Queens Monacan and Cheyenne Tucson spoke sounded good to the ears of those gathered at the moot. 
In short order, there were runners hurrying off to the south, west, and north, seeking to discover what lay beyond the hills in those directions.  It was at this time that Dorcineainah, a newly appointed chief, took some of the gold coins she and her people had hidden away with them in Eden, and began hammering them into thin sheets she called ‘scrolls’. She then took to inscribing the history of her people upon the sheets.  By her hand was written the history, according to oral tradition, of Javan the Younger and his children, Dungie, Meric, and Hyhoset.

(Author’s note:  Dungie sired a daughter through his teenage concubine, Sievannah, who accompanied Dungie in his eastern campaign against Noahashonie.  Sievannah survived the battle of Levount Hill, remaining behind to tend the wounded unable to travel when Dungie departed for Atlanticia. Soon thereafter, the pregnant Sievannah was taken as a wife by one of Noah’s Templar guards.  Sievannah’s daughter, SumeRae, was named after her great grandmother, a witch dragon.  The city of SumeRae was some miles south of Castle Dodanim, having been founded by her great grandmother’s clan, the woman being made its first chieftain.  SumeRae took a liking to Meric, eventually joining him after his return to the western lands.  From Meric, SumeRae produced three daughters who in time rose to great prominence among their people, all three becoming chieftains among their clans.  SumeRae was instrumental in the position women played in the politics of Meric’s people, a tradition that many of his clans practiced far into future days.)

Thus began the practice of writing on gold, copper, and lead tablets and scrolls the history of the peoples of the Elkhorn and Cave Bear.  Some of the accounts were quite fanciful and romantic while others were compiled with the scrutiny of scribes.  Whichever the case, many survived, hidden, far down to the ending age when Quansehonie handed over several of these tablets to his brother Elijah, Keeper of the Copper Way and Son of the Mountain Bear, as proof that White Buffalo Woman, known as ‘Sodasonie’, had promised him and his people an everlasting inheritance in the western lands beside and among their returned eastern kindred.

For many long days after the runners departed, Queen Cheyenne Tucson remained in Joshawnataun’s lodge, describing in great detail to Dorcineainah the history from the days of the Aphrodite Wars down through Atlantis and beyond into Dorcineainah’s.  She spoke of the wars of the Sky Children and sacrifices made by them for the children of Earth.  The Haudenosaunez were revealed to her, being described to the woman as ‘Children of the Long Moot Hall’, those who speak to Sky Children and men.  It was Tucson who taught Dorcineainah how to write script in coded fashion so that only those educated in it might understand what was recorded.  She also showed Dorcineainah how to write script within script within script, so that a great many details might be written in a very small space.  She also instructed her daughters, Juelsolinniah and Tusconcosbii, in all these arts of writing.  Several of these arts, they also passed on to their sons and daughters.

Runners were now long since returned from their adventures.  They spoke of wonders in the world beyond, about a handsome people who had journeyed over the far western mountains after the great fire and burning rivers of rock had cooled, and who now resided in small villages along the countless mountain streams or hunted the bear and wild bison across the endless grasslands.  “Few they are in number and, with outstretched arms, they welcomed us to join them.  Their womenfolk are comely and their men are strong-boned and stalwart.  Some of the people say that long they have lived in these lands, recalling tales of great wars fought long ago before the waters rose to swallow up so many cities.  Others speak of slave traders and giant sailing ships with masts reaching the sky and battles in far, distant worlds.  Yet all are friendly and wish us a quick returning.”
The runners coming back from the south spoke of a very dark-skinned people who resided along a warm, southern coastline and up swampy rivers, emptying into that sea.  These were a fearful lot who did not like intruders.  What little could be learned from them was that they had long ago come from a distant isle in the east when the desert stole from them their rich farmlands.  They first settled into lands south of the great southern lake (gulf), but were driven away by violent people accusing them of bringing a sickness that wiped out so many of the southern nations.  Fearing for their lives, many of the people fled across the lake, some settling on different islands while others escaped all the way across the lake, welcomed by a friendly people who treated them like brothers.  In a short time, many of the people became sick and died.  Those who survived gathered to the clans of the dark-skinned people, marrying into them until only one kind of people remained, children of both races of men.
It was decided by the council that their people were to migrate no further south than where the Ohio River joined to the wide river flowing south to prevent possible war with the southern people.  There the people would build an outpost for the weary traveler seeking the western worlds, offering them a respite before continuing on.  So, for three years now, when the warmth of southern breezes drifted to the north and the high waters of spring still coursed down the mighty Ohio River, many different tribes, along with Joshawnataun’s kinsmen, had taken up the western migration.  All the while this had been going on, there was a constant immigration of peoples arriving upon the shores of the Atlantean Sea from the wild islands of Britain, chiefly children of Irish, Welch, and Scottish clans who were being driven from their homes by the ever-advancing powers of the Brits and their allies.  Most of these people were the remnants of the Celtic societies who refused to submit to the church and its pope.  There were others claiming decendancy from Hebrew settlers in the Isles of Scotia who carried with them that religion.
Although arriving in small numbers, the migrations of these people from the eastern isles beyond the Atlantean Sea had been going on for some time.  Now, all along the eastern coastline, there were small villages of these foreigners.  It was White Buffalo Woman, herself, who came to Joshawnataun in a dream, declaring to him he and his people were to welcome these foreigners in peace.  “They are your brothers in the flesh, Children of the Elkhorn and Mountain Bear who long ago fled this world.  The Haudenosaunez have permitted their passage here.  It is their home now also.  Gather them to yourselves and become one with them.  By doing this, you will become strong, mighty nations that can thwart the coming evil of Hormax.  And do believe me, that evil will come again.”
Joshawnataun did not doubt the words of White Buffalo Woman, so he gathered all the shamans together to the Long Moot Hall at AttaWannahuattahan to establish a central code for teaching all the peoples about the Great Spirit and his Sky Children, the things he had done for them and what was expected from the people in return if they wished to remain pleasing in His eyes.  Once this verbal codex was fully established as the fundamental teaching for all the peoples near and far, a schooling by the shamans was begun for the instruction of younger ones, both men and women, who would carry the words of this moot council out to ‘all the nations’ in the land of Meric.
At length, the shamans had discussed the many qualities of the Great Spirit, concluding that merely representing the male side of his nature was unfitting, seeing that he was all things… both man and woman in their eyes.  To them the name ‘Iam’ reflected only the manliness of the Great Spirit.  A name other than ‘Iam’ was needed if the Great Spirit’s other qualities were to be fully understood.  For them the name ‘Neo’ (God) along with a prefix denoting some quality of nature was far more fitting.  So names like ‘yawa-Neo’, ‘howai-Neo’, ‘hawai-Neo’, ‘lawai-Neo’, to name a few, began to be used in describing the Great Spirit.  As with many oral histories, in time, fanciful embellishments were added to historical accounts, creating a plethora of stories regarding the Great Spirit and the history of the world that spread among the tribes and nations, visited on them by future shamans.
So now, as Joshawnataun and Dorcineainah stood atop the hill, watching the river far below, the old patriarch sighed with satisfaction, “Our mother, Queen Monacan, has assured peace to us should we teach our children to remember that we are children of the great warrior chief, JavanHoshoni, father of our queen and her husband Meric who, for a thousand years, ruled over this world of men.  Ever lives our queen.  Should we prove faithful to her and the other spirits who walk about in the flesh of men, then ever shall there be an inheritance in this land for us.
“I and you, and your children, and my other children and their children have promised to teach to all those alive in this world to listen to the voices of the shamans who instruct the world in all the ways of the Great Spirit.  Long will this kingdom last, should all the peoples remember who we are and that one blood we all are…even our eastern brothers who join us here.”
Dorcineainah did not smile, her face reflecting a growing concern.  “Many are the children of Javan, yet more there are also of the nations of Japheth who look hungrily upon this world I have been born into.  My visions warn me of future days filled with despair and bloodshed, and not only that which is coming from the hands of the sons of Hormax.  Long will be the days until the coming king over the Haudenosaunez stands before his brothers in the long moot hall beside White Buffalo Woman to return their promised glory.  Dark and dangerous will be the road the children of the Elkhorn and Mountain Bear must walk before that day arrives!  Should they survive until that hour, will any be worthy to take up the serpent’s staff beside their brother?  Or will their evil become so foul-smelling to the Great Spirit that rejected they will become?  My visions do not reveal that future to me.”
Joshawnataun squeezed his arm about Dorcineainah, offering his reassurance.  “Should but one tribesman of the children of Javan remain true to the Great Spirit, then there will remain hope.  White Buffalo Woman has promised as much.”
Dorcineainah smiled wearily, “Then let us hope that many more than one will remain pleasing to the Great Spirit.”

*    *    *

Bishop Viclory sat beside a brazier, reading the script written in the Pope’s hand, addressing the man sitting across from him.  Mumbling aloud at times while his attendant continually cut pieces of parchment from an ancient codex and tossed the pieces into the blaze for light, the bishop finally looked up at his visitor.  “Well, Cardinal Legio, the great potentate certainly places you in the highest regard.  Whatever it is that you may desire on your visit to my humble abode that I may have to provide is yours.”
Cardinal Legio leaned forward, the man’s face hidden in the shadows of his hooded robe, asking, “Has this Brit, Lord Beaufort, been at all cooperative with your inquisitors yet?”
 Bishop Viclory slowly shook his head, placing the Pope’s letter on the table beside him.  “He was arrested six months ago as I was directed to do by the Holy See.  Yet, since that time, I have received no word as to his crimes.  I have only kept him chained, limiting my time with him to general interrogations, some brandings and whippings, little else, nothing serious.  His confessions were not that of a heretic but possibly a man confused or misunderstood.  He does profess that a Brit he is not, but a sojourner from distant lands in the west.  That is all he has revealed.  Otherwise, I have kept the man alive and well as may be for someone residing in the basements of this holy sanctuary.”
Cardinal Legio hissed, “You do not know this man at all, nor how valuable a prize he is to the powers who have delivered me here this day!”  He motioned to a hooded person standing off in the shadows to step forward.  “Listen carefully to the secrets my attendant will reveal to you.”
Legio’s attendant clasped his hands while politely offering a slight bow.  “Your Worship.”  After being told to speak, the attendant went on.  “The person calling himself ‘Lord Beaufort’ is believed to be none other than a powerful necromancer, a LukusAner, a werewolf, one of the cult of the Haudenosaunez, demons among men.  ‘Baalath’ is his name from days of yore, one of the sixteen who walked among the funeral flames of their high goddess, EpiphanOida.  Two of these Haudenosaunez have fallen, brought down to Hell by a certain Roman governor, Suetonius.  Of the remaining fourteen, we do not know their fate, but we fear that they do still live and haunt this world.”
Bishop Viclory gasped at those revelations, but the attendant was not finished.  “So dangerous these demons that walk about in the flesh of men and women are!  Their leader is a Gorgon witch who is heralded by the name of ‘Noahashonie’.  Her husband, who she murdered at the Battle of Paris many generations passed, was king of the resplendent city of Atlantis.  She afterward brought down that resplendent city so filled with divine knowledge and wisdom.  She then allied herself with the pagan king of Egypt who delivered the Hebrews into slavery and, with her magic, attempted to defeat Moses in his contest against the demon priests of Pharaoh.
“So dangerous these creatures of abomination are, too!  They do not accept the Christ as God but say he is only an angel of somewhat lower rank, bending a knee to a woman, no less…Sodasonie, who reveres one of the gods of old, a certain Iam, an ancient god found in Egyptian annals.  This demon god and his ilk ever war against our true god and king who rules over Heaven and Earth, attacking his glorious name, Lucifer, forcing us to speak that name only in our secret rituals because of the slanderous whispers of these demons…the succubus and incubus, who even have intercourse with the weak-minded so that the world may be polluted by their demonic seed!”
His hands trembling, Bishop Viclory asked with a shaky voice, “How great and powerful must these undying demons be?!  How has my humble prison contained such a monstrous host?!”
The attendant pointed to the cross Viclory wore about his neck.  “It is by the power of the Christ that these abominations are held at bay.  They fear the glory that is to be found in your crucifix, the three who combine to give all glory to the one…our god and king.  The crucifix that stands high upon your grandest tower and those carved upon the doorposts of your gates protect you from this Baalath’s demonic powers, sapping his strength and might.”
The old bishop clutched his crucifix, his lips trembling with a desire to speak boldly, but with a heart too timid to permit them to utter a sound.
Cardinal Legio raised his hand, signaling his attendant that he was to become silent.  Extending his other hand toward the bishop, he spoke regarding the purpose of his visit.  “As you may have surmised, this visit is far more than a casual one.  Far I have traveled to have an audience with this Lord Beaufort, to personally examine him to see if he is certainly one of these LukusAner.  I come with the blessing of the Pope, carrying this very amulet that no demon can contest against.  If you truly do have Baalath confined in your prison, then I shall restrain him so that harmless he will become.  Then we shall decide what to do with the demon.”
Nearly jumping from his chair, in hope of ridding himself of the dangerous threat of this demon man, Bishop Viclory motioned toward the door.  “Then let us be gone from here so your will may be quickly accomplished!”  At that, the bishop, cardinal, and attendant, along with four black-robed, hooded guards that accompanied Legio departed the room, heading for the deepest of dungeons where this Baalath was bound and imprisoned.

Far down where the light of day was never seen, seven men quietly walked along by the light of torches fastened into the tunnel walls.  The bishop explained, his voice echoing down the long corridors, “These were once the very catacombs the founders of this church hid in so that they might not be discovered by the emperor’s henchmen.  Long ago, when this sanctuary of worship was built above us, these tunnels were sealed off and the bones removed, miners expanding the crypts so that the heathen and unholy might be delivered here to either confess the true God, or be slowly sent to Hell through a sample of the torments awaiting them there.”
Cardinal Legio politely acknowledged what Bishop Viclory was saying, but his body language said he had little interest regarding such trivial matters.  “Is it much further?” he asked impatiently.
The bishop was about to make reply when a sudden gust of freezing wind raced through the tunnel, extinguishing the torches, the freezing chill remaining behind like an eerie harbinger of things to come.  Everyone stopped, silently waiting for something that could be felt but not seen, a sense of approaching doom.
Gradually, a greenish glow began to fill the tunnel where the seven men silently stood.  They found they were not alone.  Standing just at the edge of the shadows in front of them were three red-robed figures.  One, a woman, had her hood pulled back, the woman’s brown skin glistening in the glow of her flaming, silver-white hair, her eyes ablaze in a bluish flame.  Extending a hand toward Bishop Viclory, palm out, the woman spoke something in a commanding voice not understood by the bishop, but one that made Cardinal Legio and his four bodyguards wince.  Instantly, the crucifix hanging from the old bishop’s neck exploded in flame and smoke, falling to the floor and bursting into crimson powder.  Suddenly, the ground began shaking violently, chunks of the ceiling crashing down about the people.
When all was quiet, the woman smiled sinisterly, growling, “So much for your mighty talismans...  My kind take what we will and when we wish, and damned be all men and gods who stand against us!”
Filled with terror, the bishop turned to flee, only to be stopped dead in his tracks.  Back up the tunnel, near the edge of the ghostly, green light stood four more red-robed creatures, each brandishing an unsheathed sword radiating a bluish-white flame that danced up and down its blade.
“Stand down, Bishop Viclory,” the brown-skinned woman commanded.  “Nowhere is there for any mortal to flee.  Isn’t that correct, Cardinal Legio?”
She then addressed the cardinal in the language of the gods.  “Kokabiel, do you not recall the warning given you by the witch queen should you forsake your dwelling place and return to this planet?  She still seeks revenge for your murder of her lover, Dragon Fangs.”
Kokabiel pulled back his hood, sporting a garish grin, revealing a strikingly handsome man whose teeth shone ruby red in the green glow, his eyes burning crimson like the fires of the underworld.  He answered the woman in the same angelic language.  “Little sister, Chasileah, how foolish of you to attempt a coup on the lord of kings!  Alive I left you last time we met, but so kind I will not be this day!  Prepare to bleed!”  Pulling aside his robe to reveal a blade that pulsed brightly with a blue flame when he took it from its sheath, his four body guards did the same.
Another person in a red robe, standing beside Chasileah, stepped in front of the woman, pulling her hood back, revealing herself to be the Black Angel.  As she lunged forward, she snarled, “This pit shall ever be the last thing you will see!  Prepare to die!”  
Kokabiel swung his sword up, swiping it down and across at his approaching adversary.  Noah’s hand shot out, stopping the blade with her hand.  Instead of seeing shattered flesh and bone, to Kokabiel’s astonishment, the woman had caught the sword in an iron grip, wrenching it from his hands.
Taking hold of the hilt, Noah swore with words of contempt and derision.  “Let your own arm of defense bring you down to Hell’s pits forever!”  In a blur, she had driven the point of the sword through Kokabiel’s armored girdle, using her forward motion to slam the man against the tunnel wall, piling her weight up against him.  Pressing her forearm against his throat as she twisted the blade, Noah spat as she watched life slowly drain from Kokabiel’s face, “I promised you and your whore maiden, Legion, this fate at the Council Of HETH when ShalLakai took for you the blow!  You I allowed to live because of my love for the Woman in the Whispering Waters, but now you have violated your parole!  This is for my sister, my love, Lady Drakous, whose murder you instigated!”
Kokabiel’s eye’s rolled up into the back of his head as he gradually sank to the floor.  As he lay there dying, his four bodyguards quickly stood back to back, brandishing their swords.  Chasileah drew a lanner from her belt.  “I’ve no time to waste on silly games this day...” 
In seconds, three of the bodyguards lay dead on the tunnel floor.  Pointing her gun at the surviving guard, she ordered him to drop his sword.  “Shamsiel, it is my desire for someone to remain alive to make report over what has occurred here this day, and to give warning to your lady whore, Legion, that a new power rises in the North.  He should give close consideration to it should he attempt any new, clandestine activities against the gods who live in human flesh!”
Shamsiel dropped his sword, saying not a word.
Another person in a red robe stepped up in back of the man, cuffing Shamsiel’s hands behind him, snarling, “You tell that whore master of yours that Juliet does not play games!  It matters little the next one of his henchmen I cross paths with!  His fate will be that of Kokabiel!”  She jerked hard on the cuffs, grinning menacingly as Shamsiel winced in pain.  “If you like, I would be happy to hoist you up by your wrists so that you might enjoy swinging from them!  It is quite an experience.  Rape you I will not, but to rip off your balls would be my pleasure!”
Shamsiel stared toward the floor, remaining silent.
Chasileah walked over to Kokabiel’s lifeless body, pulling the amulet that he had been clutching from his neck, closely examining it.  Hmmm…a personal talisman of some kind?  Possibly...  Report had been made that Kokabiel had become quite superstitious over the years.  A weapon?  More likely...  This deserved a closer examination.  She stuffed it into the folds of her robe.
Another red-robed person who had been with Chasileah walked up to the cardinal’s hooded attendant, grabbing him by the collar, pulling him close until their hoods nearly touched.  Staring in the shadowy face of the attendant, the person mused in the ancient Atlantean tongue, one he was certain the attendant understood, “So much more pleasant would our meeting have been sitting in your comfortable chairs in front of your cherry fireplace, but I guess this will have to do for the moment, Senator Bastion, high lord, Black Warlock over the Houses of the Snake.  So important this occasion must have been for you to journey so far from Constantinople to pay a visit to this humble estate with such a distinguished overlord.”  He glanced down at Kokabiel’s body, sadly shaking his head.  “I fear his sky ship will no longer be available for your journey home.”
Filled with fear and curiosity, Senator Bastion replied in the same ancient tongue, “I am at a loss, for me you know, but as to your identity…”
The red-robed man politely answered, “Me?  Oh, I am but a humble huntsman, a son of the Riphath clans who stood up against AnahNakaNoah at the Battle of the Bantoowazzi before the days of fire and flood that sank Atlantis beneath the seas.  Many are the names I have carried in the ages since, but you certainly will know of me by my name from so long ago… ‘BondaBoor’.”
Bastion gasped, speechless, recognizing the man to be one of the Haudenosaunez who had walked in the funeral fires of Dancing Stones so many eons ago.  He quickly resigned himself to his coming demise, hoping it might be swift.
BondaBoor assuaged his growing fears.  “There is no desire on my part to bring you harm.  Why, I care not to even reveal who you truly are so that the bishop must die and you fall upon your sword.  No, indeed, you are both men who have been found in the wrong place at the wrong time and in bad company.  It is not wise to play games with gods and demons, unless you wish to eat Fate’s consuming fires!  Now come along with us and be a nice fellow, and you will soon be home sipping tea in front of your warm fireplace while relaxing in your comfy chair.”
Quietly accepting the offer and promising to be a ‘good fellow’, Bastion was released and started down the tunnel in front of BondaBoor toward the dungeons below, Bishop Viclory being caught up by Noahashonie as she passed him by.  “Hurry along quickly and be smart about it and play your part as will be told!  I’m not quite so polite as my companion over there!” she spat, motioning toward BondaBoor.
Chasileah remained behind with the others just long enough to make arrangements for the disposition of the four bodies and what to do with Shamsiel until her return.  When finished, she hurried to catch up with Noah and BondaBoor, the green light fading away as the wall torches gradually returned to life.

Two guards sat in the shadows of a lone torch lighting up the inquisition room, its oaken, planked door locked to prevent a possible escape of any prisoners within.  Hiding in the darkness, beyond the light, were several very small rooms with thick, wooden, barred doors and tiny windows in the top that permitted what little light might enter, and a low, slotted opening in the bottom for the passing in of foodstuffs and the sending out of any waste product, all by the use of a single, small pot.
Little could one imagine the stench of the place, unless having it visited upon them personally.  Water for drinking was all that was ever provided, and precious little of that.  Rarely was filth in the often overcrowded cells removed, except with that little food pot that occasioned the cellmates when the guard was in the mood to feed them.  Prisoners might languish for years before even seeing a judge to face accusation, that is, if they lived so long.  Often, before they faced their day of accountability, inmates would be questioned at length with the use of several tools of persuasion, designed to gain some sort of confession for a hidden sin or wicked act of heresy.
Among those who had endured such tortures over a period of several years were three northern chieftains and a dozen of their fellow kinsmen who had been captured some three years before when their boat had come ashore in a storm.  Their headman, Graugnaugh, had managed to keep the spirits of his men up through the years by singing songs and telling tales of mystery and legend.  At first, he had been threatened to remain silent, but he would not, even after beatings and other tortures.  In time, even the guards came to enjoy the cheerful songs and tales, though little of them they understood.  It kept the moans and cries of the other inmates at a minimum, making for a more pleasant time while on duty.
Graugnaugh and ten others of his men had been thrown into one of these inner cells, it being only eight feet wide and ten deep.  Over the years, four of his company in that cell had died, with other hapless victims replacing them. Baalath had been put into this cell some months ago, after the bishop had tired of working the man for information and confessions.
‘A day or two in there with those heathens should soften you up a bit!  That is, if they don’t eat you before,’ Bishop Viclory taunted, laughing, as one of his guards shoved the beaten and bruised Baalath through the cell door.  Now, as he recalled his words, Viclory regretted his actions as he was being gently pushed down the tunnel toward the inquisition room.
Noah snickered in Viclory’s ear as she squeezed his neck, “A fat, old pig like you will roast up fine, those prisoners of yours not having such a feast in a long time, I imagine.  Be right tasty…a rump for one, a leg for another.  Maybe they’ll keep you around for a while.  You know what I mean… an arm first, maybe some meat off you arse, or a little fat off your ribs…”  She sucked in a breath.  “You smell tasty…sweet and tasty.  Maybe I’ll take you along with me for a little feasting.  Yes, that sounds good to me.”
The old bishop quailed in fright, begging for mercy.
Noah laughed, “Like the mercy you have shown… in a godly way, of course… to my companion and the others sequestered in your hell hole?!  Hell has nothing to compare to what you have delivered here!  Believe me, I have seen into Hell and know of what I speak.  The Devil has little on you and your ungodly acts of evil.”  She gave him a little push.  “Now do as you’ve been told and I might allow you to live a little longer.”

A loud rapping came from the other side of the outer inquisition door.  The guards looked up to see Bishop Viclory’s face pressed up against the iron bars of the small window in the top of the door.  In a voice sounding rather grim, he commanded them to let him in.  The guards hurriedly reached for the keys that hung on a large wall hook and scrambled to unlock the door while removing the heavy, oaken plank barring entry.
As the tumblers clacked, sounding the releasing of the lock, the door burst open, the guards stumbling back when the old bishop piled into them, having been unceremoniously shoved into the chamber.  With eyes bulging in shock and surprise, the guards stared at three drawn swords, a mesmerizing, bluish-white flame dancing up and down the blades.  Directing the bishop and guards to get against the wall with their hands up high, the three swordsmen entered the room, Bastion being herded in by BondaBoor.
“Baalath?!”  Chasileah called out in the language of the gods.
A reply came in the same language, “In here...”
Taking the key ring from the door, Noah went over and released the prison lock binding Baalath.  In seconds, he and several other men were out of their cell, standing in the inquisition room.  Looking the man over and seeing him in no imminent danger of dying, Noah wrinkled up her nose at the smell.  “Phew…the odor of a dead bilge rat is fresher than you!”
Breaking into a broad grin, revealing two missing teeth, Baalath declared, “Should I have known that you were going to procure my rescue, I’d have taken a bath and sprinkled my bed with scented flowers.  Seeing that it is now a little late to do such a thing, can I interest you in assisting this stinky person along with his companions in making escape from here?”
Handing the keys over to the man Baalath called ‘Graugnaugh’, Noah went on to order the prison hole emptied of its occupants.  “I care little if they be criminal, murderer, or innocent stable hand.  Free men they are from this moment forward, serving long enough a sentence in this hellhole!”  She then commanded the able-bodied to carry all those too weak to walk.  In a few minutes, everyone had departed, heading up the tunnel, BondaBoor ushering Senator Bastion along.  Chasileah closed and locked the door, tossing the keys across the tunnel floor, and then turned to leave.
The old bishop rushed to the door, grasping hold of the bars, crying after her, “What am I supposed to tell the Pope so that he certainly does not put us all to death?!”
Chasileah stopped and looked back, answering, “You have said that the Pope is a kind and merciful man, filled with wisdom and understanding.  Why should you fear at all?”
Viclory quailed, “I… I do fear for my life, for how can I make the man understand when I do not understand at all what has happened?”
“Fear not, for the Pope does not know a thing about this matter at all.”  Chasileah explained, “Your cardinal was not who he said he was, but an imposter from worlds beyond who wished to bring trouble to all men.  He lied to you in that he did not have an audience with the Pope, nor did he reveal any matter regarding Baalath to him at all.  It was he who ordered the man’s arrest, not the Pope.
“Tell His Eminence that a band of ruffians overwhelmed you and released the prisoners.  Tell him that they fled upon hearing your holy pronouncements issued against them in the name of the potentate.  He will believe you, if for no other reason than to glorify his own name with such a tale as you have spun.  Possibly, it is the truth.  I am a ruffian in the eyes of many, and I flee from before you, not harming a hair on your head.”  She shrugged, “Do with it what you will.  It is the best I can offer.”  Away she ran, to catch up with the others.
Chasileah hurried past where Kokabiel had died, the bodies of the slain having been removed, and soon arrived at a narrow entrance to a dimly lit chamber leading off from the main tunnel.  Stepping into the chamber, she found her companions along with dozens of escapees from the prison hole.  “Is everyone here?” she asked, before closing the opening behind her.
“All who wished to go with us,” BondaBoor cheerfully replied, the man still holding tight Bastion’s collar.
“Good,” Chasileah motioned toward Juliet, “please tell the captain we are ready to depart.”
A whirring filled the air as Rae’s ship faded back into the dimensional world beyond, directing the helm to bring his ship about and make for TussionBar, one of his secret cities far below the ocean’s depths.  For the passengers freed from Viclory’s inquisition chambers, they sensed little happening other than the strange whirring noise they heard.  In a few hours, the entrance opened again and they were ushered into a brightly lit island complex where food and baths were offered, along with clean, new clothes.  A straw bed was provided to each person and medical attention was also given to those needing it.

(Author’s note… It had been the intention of Chaslieah’s rescue party to deliver only Graugnaugh and his company along with Baalath from the prison hole, but pity had driven Noah to release everyone.  Although Chasileah did not offer her verbal support to the decision, she silently approved it.  Now what to do with them?  A decision must be made quickly.  Already, some of those who had been liberated were questioning where they were and why the confinement in this building.  To return them home would threaten their newly attained freedom, only to being imprisoned again, so the dilemma.
At length, it was concluded that, out of fairness to freedom, the people should be permitted their own fated road.  On the appointed day, the former inmates were gathered together in a large council chamber, twenty-eight being their total number, two females and twenty-six males from boy to old man, the women having been accused of being witches.  Chasileah had joined Rae, Noah, Juliet, and BondaBoor for the meeting, feeling responsible for having tacitly approved Noah’s choice to rescue all the people from the prison.  Whatever support possible she offered in order to remedy this rather unique situation.
After having circumstances fully explained to them, the majority agreed that to return home was far too dangerous thing to do.  An invitation was extended to deliver any who wished, along with willing spouses and children, to hidden lands far in the west, or to some other place, if they chose.  Most accepted the offer to go west, a few to other lands.  When it was discovered that the two women were descended from Susannah, an offer was made for them to remain with the people of TussionBar, seeing that many of their blood kin resided there.  This they accepted.
As for all the disappearances…abduction tales in and around Bishop Viclory’s city, little was said of the matter, the bishop desiring not to know a thing.  The old man had already experienced enough supernatural intrigues to last his lifetime, his fear so great that he dared not arrest anyone from that day forward.  Indeed, never again did he wander down to the inquisition room, not even going to the wine cellars that connected to the tunnels that led off to it.)

Shamsiel, along with the bodies of Kokabiel and his three guards, had been earlier delivered to neutral territory in the Middle Realms, there to be left on a deserted island to await pickup by his people.  Whatever was his fate at the hands of his commander, Legion, was not his captors’ concern and little did they care what it might be.  As for Senator Bastion, soon after his arrival at TussionBar, the man was transferred to a small sky ship and delivered back to Constantinople by BondaBoor, who afterward returned to TussionBar to prepare for an upcoming mission as soon Baalath was up to it.
Special arrangements were made for Graugnaugh and the members of his ship’s crew.   They were to play an important role in future events.  The reason for Baalath’s clandestine visit to the city of Magliana, just to the southwest of Rome proper, was his hearing about the strange, northern seamen imprisoned there.  His snooping about caught the ear of a Zaelock who made quick report to her Hormaxian master who, in turn, sent messages that eventually reached the ears of Senator Bastion.  Bastion ordered Baalath’s capture, if possible, using a buxom, young sprite to entertain him with her charms along with drugged wine…young, buxom women being one of Baalath’s rumored weaknesses.
Few of the other Haudenosaunez, except Juliet and Susannah, were aware of Baalath’s whereabouts, and gave little heed to his disappearance until news of Senator Bastion’s secret arrival at Magliana.  Upon hearing this, a search was begun for Baalath that eventually led to the doorstep of the young, buxom sprite, who, with very little persuasion by two very insistent women inquisitors, confessed all that she knew about the capture of Baalath and where he had been taken.  The woman was then abducted and taken aboard Rae’s ship to be delivered along with Baalath and the others to TussionBar so that she could cause no mischief while Baalath’s rescue was orchestrated.

(Author’s note… The young lass enjoyed her new life in TussionBar so much that she was permitted residence in the city, spending the remainder of her life there.  She soon became very popular with the people of TussionBar, especially the younger seafarers.  Not only was the woman very attractive in form and favor, but her personality charmed one and all.  In his later visits to that city, Baalath would make sure to find his feet at the door of this lady’s home, he falling deeply in love with her.  Over the woman’s long and fruitful life, she bore many children with several different fathers.  For Baalath, she produced a female child that he came to cherish, the man naming the girl ‘GuShon’ (Sunshine) in the ancient tongue of Ogallala.  Many are the tales that can be told about the intrepid and heroic, long-lived, naval captain GuShon, her life spanning nearly two hundred years.  But those stories will have to wait for another time.)

Chasileah arrived at Magliana on the heels of Senator Bastion, realizing that he had been delivered from Constantinople to Magliana by Kokabiel’s sky ship.  Very quickly, she and others in Baalath’s rescue party formulated a plan for Baalath’s and Graugnaugh’s rescue.  Little had gone according to plan.  Chasileah had not anticipated Noah’s vengeful attack and killing of Kokabiel, though she had intimated it to him threateningly.  After seeing him grasp the amulet, not knowing if it might be some form of communication device, she decided not to risk more time through diplomacy, shooting and killing three of Kokabiel’s four soldier guards instead.
Noah permitting the bishop to live, and her determined rescue of all the inmates in the prison hole was comforting, Chasileah being reassured that Noah was also compassionate, a trait that she had at times wondered about.  Still, all the extra time it had taken for the rescue weighed heavily on Chasileah’s mind as she raced back up the tunnel to make escape.  If the amulet truly had been a communication device, might Kokabiel have been able to get off a cry for assistance, and might there already be a rescue party coming for him?  When Rae’s ship finally drifted into inter-dimensional space, the woman breathed a sigh of relief, her heart’s anxious pounding slowly easing.
Now, the woman the Haudenosaunez called ‘Susquehanna’, slowly made her way along the deck of a small packet, watching a bow wave peeling away from the ship as its wake fled from the direction they were heading.  How had she been talked into becoming a willing conspirator in this charade and deception against these poor, simple folk, the woman did not know.  “Damn that Zadar!” she huffed under her breath.  That man had seduced her with wine and romance, convincing her in a weak moment to agree to be part of this great deception.  “Damn him!” she cussed again, a whimsical smile growing on her face.  Well, it was not a complete deception…more of a truth tale wrapped in fanciful stories.
She pondered the thought, wondering ‘what is faith?’  The assured expectation of things to come, or that had been, or even currently were?  And who decided what truth made up that faith?  Was truth the reality dreamed up in each person’s mind, each seeing and hearing, and understanding it differently from the person next to them?  And who living among men on this planet could really handle the truth, the uncertainty of the future?  If men really understood that the future of the universe hung upon a thread, where would their faith go away to?  And if they saw how fragile the hearts and souls were of the ‘great and mighty angels’, who held this universe in check, would there be any faith to be found in the world of men?  Better it might be to hide reality in the mist and allow truth to remain an interpretation of a desperate heart.

Graugnaugh and his fellow sailors were to pay a visit upon the city proper of TussionBar to witness the wonders of the gods.  Well, that was where they were going, but Graugnaugh and the others had been deceived into believing they were visiting Asgard.  There they were to be introduced to Frigga, the wife of Woden, the Allfather, who was to bestow a blessing upon them before ushering them on their way to future destinies.  How Zadar had managed to get Sodasonie to join in this ruse was…well, Chasileah believed she understood how.  Whatever… She looked toward the city harbor.  It was too late to change her mind now.  The stage was already set, and she had agreed to play her part.  Let the show begin!

‘Asgard!  Beautiful Asgard, resplendent city of the gods!  What words does mortal man have for you?  Where is there another place to be found with such magnificence and majesty?  What mortal can resist your magical beauty and not forever be changed?  One can only dream of dying and being delivered to the one who rules as queen over all that is above and below.  Frigga, guardian of my life, how much I wish to spend eternity ever in your company.’
Thus penned Graugnaugh, in his “Tales of the Gods”, as he began to write down in fanciful prose his recollections of visiting Asgard and his affair with their queen, Frigga.

(Author’s Note…  The following is a liberally embellished account of the Northmen’s (Norsemen’s) visit to TussionBar as recalled by Graugnaugh and others when gathered with their kindred in the moot halls after returning to the Northlands.  The author has chosen to mix Graugnaugh’s rather romantic and somewhat fanciful tale with the historical record to deliver the flavor of emotion these visiting Northmen carried with them after leaving TussionBar.  The author believes that it was the emotion created by this visit that drove those men to convince their kindred to make war against the Holy Roman Empire and its religious sanctuaries.  For this reason, it is believed the reader might gain further insight into the reasons why the people of the north suddenly burst upon the scene at this time in history.)

For two months, Graugnaugh, his two fellow chieftains, Silfane and Feeboor, along with remaining members of his crew, were entertained by the peoples of TussionBar, everything they witnessed offered up to them.  Nowhere in their worlds had these men seen such a robust and merry people, even the aged among them being handsome and filled with vigor.  Those accepting opportunity to sleep in the ‘reinvigoration machines’… a term used to describe the medical healing machines developed by the Haudenosaunez with the help of the Sky Children…felt their strength and youthful powers renewed in flesh and spirit.  These machines did not add length of life to a person, but restored health and energy to the sick and aged, curing many of the ills common to old people.
The magic and miracles experienced through the senses were overwhelming, having a profound effect upon the minds and hearts of these simple folk who were accustomed to risking life and limb on the wild seas, hunting the seal and blowing fish with a harpoon and sheer will power, who lived in huts of hewn pine, and wore the furs of the wolf and otter.  Here, in this world, were fast chariots without horses that floated above the ground, light and warmth where no fire could be seen, music and speech that filled the air when no one was there, weapons that spit fire and terror and…and so much more…too much for the hearts of these men to comprehend.  This truly must be Asgard, no matter what the others might call it!
And the women!  Never had these men seen women with greater grace and beauty.  Even the women of many years and gray hair stood majestic in beauty and handsomeness.  No husbandly owner did any of them have, the responsibility of raising children the responsibility of all.  In this land of ever-warmth, what clothing worn was for appearance only, nakedness the standard option, representing the ultimate in individual freedom.
Few were the crimes committed in this world, such infractions against another not tolerated.  To reside in this city, a person needed to be selected and approved, his or her citizenship being conditional.  Should one’s crimes be great enough, the residents of the city could appeal to the kings and lords to have such a person removed, a request often granted.
After two months, on the third day of the month of what the people of Asgard called ‘Lftor’, lit. ‘the turning of the waters’, all the Northmen chieftains and crew were taken to the city’s citadel for the Lftor seasonal feast.  It was a time of year when the icy waters of winter become warmer and heavier than the waters deeper down, causing them to turn over and sink below the deeper waters, often roiling up silt from the bottom of shallow estuaries.  They eventually found themselves seated in Glads-heim, a great hall containing twelve thrones of the twelve gods.  So spacious was this great hall that throngs of people could gather there.  It was soon being filled with the gods and their human offspring.
Leading the procession of the gods who seated themselves upon the thrones was Thor (Zadar).  Beside him walked his wife, Sif (Aphrodite), a magnificently beautiful woman who wore the sheerest of silken gowns so that only her ankle-length golden hair was wrapped about her, hiding her hypnotically seductive charms.  Following them into Glads-heim were other gods and lords…men and women, all stunningly handsome and beautiful.  Some took seats among the twelve while others took to the common chairs, mingling among the Northmen and large group of other invited guests.
At length, a woman of brown skin and silver-white hair entered the great hall…the same woman who had rescued Baalath and the Northmen from the prison hole in Magliana.  Whispers arose among some of the guests that this was Volla, sister to Frigga, Woden’s wife.  Beside her walked Baalath, now known to Graugnaugh as ‘Beowulf’ who was a son of the gods.  Rumor said that Beowulf was kindred to Volla through an affair she had with an ancient human king.  It was also reported that Beowulf was a man known for his prowess and that he and the mistress queen over the Valkyrie produced several progeny over the ages, and that many of the people residing in Asgard claimed being their descendants.
After all of the gods, lords, and dignitaries had been seated, a quiet commotion arose as those gathered there began to talk with one another, until the room was noisy with merry voices and pleasant laughter…quite contrary to what Graugnaugh believed he would witness from chiefs of state at such an important meeting.  True, it was not at all raucous, but nowhere did he see the somberness that was to be found among his kind at such events.  Eventually, Graugnaugh settled back and took up conversing with one of the lordly attendees who had taken a chair beside him.
As the two chatted on about so many unimportant matters, Graugnaugh finally asked the man about those seated upon the twelve thrones.  After a somewhat lengthy explanation from the fellow, he asked, curious, “I see that a prominent seat remains empty.  Are we to be expecting another of the gods to soon be arriving?”
The fellow smiled, answering, “Another is yet to arrive.  Queen Frigga shall be coming soon, but she will sit Woden’s throne.  You see, truth be said, Woden does not make his presence known at such gatherings as this.  Indeed, it is said that no man and few of the gods can look upon the true form of Woden and live.  The tale told is that his majesty and handsomeness is so intense that all mortals will die at beholding him.  So Woden does not come to take the throne at such events, but it is said that other forms or shapes he may take to cloak his majesty.  From a stranger to a lordly person, from a beast of burden to a fly on the wall, or even to that of a humble attendant…” the attendee’s emerald green eyes twinkled as he spoke, “all those shapes might the Allfather take on for himself, having his queenly consort oversee such a gathering as this.”
The attendee swept his arm wide.  “It is said that Woden has many throne rooms in many kingdoms, having built countless universes for his pleasure, this being just one of those abodes.  And, as with his shapes and abodes, so does Woden go by many names, some that you have heard while others remain secret to men of clay.  From long ago, when the pharaoh of Egypt ruled in the east and gentle waters still lapped the shores of Atlantis, he was often called by the name ‘Iam’…still is by a few who have lived down from those times such as your friend, Beowulf, the man having been guardian of Atlantis’ northern frontier at one time.  The Allfather, Maker of Worlds, Woden, Iam…anyone who appeals to the Creator of the universe by any of those names appeals to the same person for help when in need, for the demon king known to many as ‘Lucifer’ or ‘Loki’, as you call him, has created nothing but despair, destruction, and death, through the evil he has delivered into Woden’s worlds.”
 Graugnaugh was wide-eyed and intrigued by these revelations of the attendee, but the fellow was not finished.  “Now as for the throne chair among the twelve that is empty, that has been given over to Eira, also known by some of the men of Earth as ‘Eastre’, little sister and attendant to Frigga, Woden’s stately wife.  Eira is a healer, but also a great warrior priestess who ever fights against the machinations of Loki, that man ever intent on the destruction of Woden’s worlds.  It is her warring that prevents the woman from gathering here with us this day, for surely if Loki knew she had abandoned her post, he might well attempt an invasion of the very Heavens themselves.
“Eira was lifted up to the seat of the gods by Woden himself, after she took on the flesh of common men and accepted a martyr’s death to rescue Woden’s children from the damnation that Loki had cursed your kind with.  For this reason, Eira has an ever-throne among the twelve, she being seated at its head, that seat remaining empty should she be unable to be present.  So it is to Eira that the knees of all men should bend, for she has saved them from damnation.  But to Woden should exclusive worship be given.”
Searching the crowd and seeing so many of the gods and lords of fame, Graugnaugh puzzled, “What of the others…all these other gods?”
The attendee grinned, “Many are there of gods and lords, but only one Allfather, and it is He who chooses to whom and how all things will be played out in the worlds of men and gods.  As with a fellow man, one may search out the help or assistance of another so that success might be achieved in a contest of some sort, but does one worship their fellow for providing such assistance?  I say it is not so.  So it is with the gods and lords you see in this room.  Help you with your coming quest they will, should you accept it, but not as gods to be worshiped.  Only Loki and his damnable servants wish to steal from Woden what is rightfully his to receive from men and from gods, if he so desires.  So give to these gods and lords the honor and glory they deserve, but give your worship only to Woden.”
Profound words for Graugnaugh’s ears would be an understatement, but he could well comprehend a master craftsman the likes of Woden being given the honor he deserved.  After all, had he not built the entire universe and all that was in it with his bare hands, with no one to help him until he had made the very gods who sat now in this great hall?  “So little the Allfather asks back from us tiny men of clay,” he mused.
The attendee only smiled, his emerald green eyes twinkling with delight.
A sudden hush swept the Great Hall, quickly followed by those sitting upon the thrones silently standing and turning their attention toward the room’s main entrance, the remainder of the people in the hall doing the same.  Craning his neck to see who might be arriving, Graugnaugh stared into the face of the most handsome woman he had ever seen.  Taller even than many of the manly gods, a woman with flowing, silver-white hair and smoky gray eyes slowly made her way to the high throne chair representing Hlidskialf, Woden’s tower throne located in Valaskialf, the watchtower high above the Glads-heim.  Following the woman were two wolves, taking station at her feet when she sat down upon Woden’s throne.
The attendee whispered in Graugnaugh’s ear, “That is Frigga, Woden’s favorite companion, and the two beasts at her feet are Geri and Freki, ever guardians of their host.”
Graugnaugh could only nod, his soul passionately caught up, transfixed with increasing wanton desire because of Frigga’s heart-stopping beauty and mesmerizing attributes, the woman’s flowing, silken gown only accentuating her charms.  The man was sure that his pounding heart must, for a fact, be revealing his prurient desire to everyone there.
Frigga motioned for everyone to sit, Graugnaugh positive that she was staring directly at him.  When all were seated again, their attention focused on her, she clapped her hands, calling out, “Let the feasting begin!”

*   *   *

Events of that day had not been at all what Graugnaugh anticipated.  He was earlier informed there were to be certain high officials he was to possibly meet in moot and make treaty to join in alliance of some sort against a common enemy that threatened his people and was also out to ‘change times and seasons’…whatever that meant.  Most of his visit here in Asgard had been spent in the company of Beowulf, Lord Bruxelles (BondaBoor), and occasionally their confederates, Trelleborg (Rae Tomassie), Lady Tobanahazz, Roskva (Susannah)… said to be an ever-servant of Thor and a Valkyrie chieftain… among those that Graugnaugh recalled.  He also had a romantic encounter with a very tall, what some might call ‘giant’, majestically beautiful Valkyrie named ‘Heidi’, the woman later claiming to be Trelleborg’s mother.
But for gods and lords, Graugnaugh did not find himself in their presence during his stay in Asgard, that is until this day.  Even the goddess Volla (Chasileah) had quickly departed them as soon as their ship arrived from the island to the mainland city of Asgard.  So when invitation was received for him and his fellow Northmen to attend the upcoming event of the gods and lords, the man had expected a much more formal and political gathering.
The feasting had been the grandest Graugnaugh ever witnessed, with foods and meats of every kind from wild boar to deep sea crustaceans, and succulent dishes prepared to excite the taste buds.  The wine and drinks had an aroma intoxicating to the nostrils and sweet to the palate, yet not so powerful as to inebriate the senses beyond freeing the spirit to enjoy to the full the musical entertainment, jovial company and pleasant chatter.  When their feasting was finished, many of the chairs and all the tables except the one where the gods had been seated were removed from the room, it being covered with leftover dainties and casks filled with hearty ale for anyone needing additional refreshment.
After the great hall floors were cleared of their furniture, a large orchestra took up playing merry dance music, women taking nearby fellows by the hand for a twirl or two.  A young lass with twinkling, emerald green eyes, wearing little more than a cape and a smile, pulled Graugnaugh out to the center of the dance floor.  For the better part of an hour, she teased the poor man with her amorous moves and sensual gyrations.  Then as quickly as she had appeared, the charming doe was off and gone, having found another handsome buck to while away her time with.  Looking about and seeing no other women waiting an opportunity to dance, Graugnaugh quietly made his way to stand in the shadows, watching the others.
“Why does such a handsome, fine fellow stand alone while the orchestra fills the air with its haunting, bewitching melodies calling out to the children?”
Surprised, Graugnaugh turned to see that Frigga had quietly slipped up beside him.  As her eyes silently studied the dancing crowd, she mused, asking, “Has the Norse chieftain tired and become bored with the festivities this day?”
Fearing that he may have offended the queenly wife of Woden, Graugnaugh attempted to explain his reasons for standing off by himself, watching others dance.  Frigga laughed, “I care little why you are hiding here, but am happy to have found you alone.  Would such a lordly man do this woman the honor of abandoning this party for a more private meeting?”
Did Graugnaugh wish to depart to more private places with this woman?  The man’s heart jumped with impassioned restraint, wanting only to stare forever at Frigga’s charming appearance.  So much he desired to say ‘yes’, but he was concerned what his hands might do should the two be found alone together.  Graugnaugh hesitated replying.  Finally, he accepted Frigga’s offer, more concerned with what his rejection of the woman’s request might lead to.  “It…it would be my pleasure,” he answered.
Frigga watched, bemused, as Graugnaugh’s eyes stole glances of her beauteous form.  She smiled, repeating her offer, addressing the man’s dilemma.  “Do not despair, my good gentleman.  For a good gentleman you shall remain, Geri and Freki assuring your honor and mine shall not be questioned.”
Looking down to see two pair of unfriendly eyes staring up into his, any rising passion Graugnaugh may have been feeling for Woden’s wife quickly diminished.  Frigga laughed again, “Come along and we shall leave the others behind.  The secrets of Valaskialf, I will reveal to you.”
After traversing countless corridors, passing through several chambers filled with weapons and treasures of gold, silver, and precious stones, Graugnaugh and Frigga came to a spiral staircase that twisted ever upward beyond sight.  Eventually they came to a landing, before them an opening of hewn stone blocks that led into a grand, circular tower.  Taking Graugnaugh’s hand, Frigga begged he follow her through the opening, commanding the two wolves to guard the doorway.
“Welcome to Valaskialf!”  Frigga declared, releasing Graugnaugh’s hand as she swept her arms about the tower’s spacious room.  The Northman stared in wonder.  Twelve huge windows circling the tower faced in every direction from north to south, east to west, and points in between.  Graugnaugh gasped at the sights, because the windows did not open down onto Asgard.  Each revealed separate scenes somewhere in the worlds of men and gods…scenes disquieting and disturbing to the man.
Frigga explained, “What you are watching is the darkness that ever crawls across our worlds, seeking the destruction of everything that is pure and virtuous.  The forces of good fight to hold that darkness in check.  But the hour has not yet arrived for the Kraken, a son of Woden who is still to be born, who will crush all madness under his feet as he lifts Tyrfing, unsheathed, bringing to a finish all enemies of Woden.  It is the duty of loyal gods and men to slow the enemy until that day, so that the love of freedom and honor will be found still beating in the hearts of men in that final hour.”
Graugnaugh stared down upon the scenes of burning cities and ruined landscapes.  He wept, watching young widows beaten and starving, huddled in deep thickets, holding tight their little children as they hid from raiding hordes.  Dismayed, the man looked out upon ships torn asunder, their crews cast into the sea as giant raiding vessels sailed on to the conquest of coastal villages and farms.  Everywhere he looked, Graugnaugh witnessed wanton destruction of innocent peoples whose only crime was that they did not bend a knee to the flaming crosses held high by hooded men ever advancing across the tortured world.
Frigga leaned forward, resting her hands upon a stone window sill.  “Long have we watched from this tower as the worlds of men have been consumed by the evil machinations of Loki as he tricks innocent people into becoming agents of his malice and evil.”  She stood back, looking at Graugnaugh.  “Long have the children of Woden held at bay the schemes of Loki in the Realms Above, but alas, our powers are limited by twisted laws in these worlds below.  Unless we can find men of clay to stem this evil tide, all the world might sink beneath Loki’s flood of tyranny and destruction!  He seeks not only to imprison the entire world of men, but to destroy every good thing existing in this universe, bringing Hell to Earth.  My purpose for delivering you here this day is to seek an alliance with your people to hold back the evil flood for an hour, until a future time when freedom will find its new hero to preserve it alive into future days.”
Despair filling his voice, Graugnaugh asked, “What can I and my people do to stop this flooding crusade that is determined to bring the world of men to ruin?!  Why, even the Germans have no strength to slow Charlemagne and his madmen!  Few are my people, being farmers and fishers, living in scattered villages across vast stretches of frozen wilderness.  How does the moth catch the vulture in its claws?  How does the dog barking at the door chill the heart of the wolf howling in the forest?  The gods have chosen poorly if they believe I and my people can defeat the whiles of Loki and his demon henchmen!”
Frigga smiled grimly, answering, “Loki is a fool!  He looks not into the North.  He does not remember that the blood of kings and witch dragons flows in the veins of the children in the Northlands.  He laughs in derision at the forgotten people who quietly live out their lives in common labors.  No better a warrior can be found than one who is not considered a threat.”  She stepped up to Graugnaugh, taking his hands in hers.  “Come and share dreams with me and I will show you the world before Atlantis sank below the seas.  Your kindred forebears I will reveal to you, and you will come to realize that the blood of the gods flows in your veins also.  Thor’s hammer, Miolnir, you and your people are to become.  You will smash the hands of Charlemagne so that he will not come into your land and enslave your people!”
Frigga’s sensual gaze reawakened and excited Graugnaugh’s ardor.  He cast a glance toward the doorway where Geri and Freki stood guard, asking hesitantly, “Should not Woden become incensed and come to destroy me and my people for such violation of his favorite wife, even if it might be for a good reason?”
Smiling innocently, Frigga answered, “Oh, but it has been Woden who suggested that a dreaming time with the great northern chieftain might win him over to our side.  He says that you are quite the fellow and, should I play my game of love and knowledge with you, we will soon stand as allies in making Loki look the fool.  He so much has enjoyed your company this eve.”
Surprised, Graugnaugh asked, concerned, “I do not remember talking to or even seeing the Allfather.  How can he speak this way about me?”
Tipping her head back, Frigga laughed, “Do you not recall those twinkling, emerald green eyes that looked so intently into yours?  Do you not recall the attendee telling you that Woden takes on whatever shape or form that pleases him or her…whichever might it be?  And was your soul not stirred to distraction with a passion for the lass who seduced you on the dance floor this night?  Oh yes, Woden has come to know you quite well!”
Fearing less the wrath of Woden should he bed this most beauteous of the Allfather’s wives, Graugnaugh accepted Frigga’s invitation to share her dreams, the man’s heart nervously anticipating the delightful romance more than the visions and dreams the wife of the high God might provide.  He took Frigga’s hand while softly brushing the woman’s face with his fingers.  Instantly, the man’s ardor erupted in power to the point that the fellow believed his manliness might explode.
Frigga laughed once more, looking down on Graugnaugh’s evident excitement.  “I see the possibility that my lord may not be able to hold his powers in check until the safe room we may attain.”  She touched him oh so gently on his inner thigh, his manly arousal instantly fading away.  “There…”  The enchantress peered deeply in Graugnaugh’s eyes.  “Fear not, my most desirable man, your rutting cravings I will satisfy to the full, and then we shall see what visions and dreams I will give to you.  To the inner sanctums beyond Asgard I am taking you so that all my witching powers can be delivered upon your soul and spirit, else you might not survive the journey.”
A passageway suddenly appeared on the far side of the tower room, its opening glowing a bright, greenish hue.  “Come!”  Frigga pulled on Graugnaugh’s hand, urging him to follow.  “Into the lands of the birthing of your kind we are going.  There you will witness the very sights that your godly forefather, JavanHoshoni, experienced before I took him, too, into the world beyond dreams.”
His spirit and soul all atremble, Graugnaugh silently followed Frigga through the passage into the ghostly, green light.  No sooner were the two passed beyond than the opening gradually disappeared.  The wolves, Geri and Freki, slowly melted into mist, shortly followed by the tower and then the stairway, until all that had been was little more than secreted memories forever held in common by two hearts and minds, sharing one experience as though they were but one person, one soul.

*    *    *

Graugnaugh squatted beside the smoldering fire, stirring the embers to life.  He looked up at Baalath and BondaBoor, his eyes eventually following the man walking along the river’s shore beside a long ship with a carved dragon’s head on the bow post, painted blood red with white, garish teeth.  “You say Trelleborg (Rae Tomassie), the son of Odin, is willing to share his secrets of the sea, including the construction of such ships that we have sailed on these several days now, and teach us how to make the sails force our ships forward, against the wind?  If Thor (Zadar), Lord Bruxelles (BondaBoor) and Beowulf (Baalath) are willing to reveal these things to us, and how to hold the armies of Charlemagne at bay, then I and my fellow chieftains will go to the people with your proposals.”

Graugnaugh scanned the long ships in the small bay, silently pondering the past several months and what the Fates had arranged.  Fates?  He no longer believed in a fated path, but one chosen by the individual and that the Fates merely guided that person on after he had chosen the path.  Had not Graugnaugh and his fellow Northmen publicly declared their alliance with the Allfather and the gods of Asgard, to go to war against the hordes of the flaming red cross now that their true history was revealed to them?  Loki must be held back for an hour, a day, so that freedom might remain burning brightly in this rapidly darkening world, and it was through the strength and will of the Northmen it was to be accomplished.
He scanned the beaches, watching Trelleborg examining the work as crews gingerly prepared the ways to launch twelve new dragon ships.  They were built by the children of Asgard and would be manned by men and women of Phoenician stock and loyal sons of the Templar host who served as guard for the witch queen, Noahashonie, wife of his forebear, JavanHoshoni, and mother of the Northmen tribes.  So much Graugnaugh and his fellow sojourners had heard and seen during their time in Asgard that they could never forget.  But, for Graugnaugh, there were so many more revelations and secrets revealed to the man by Frigga that forever would bind him to the will of the Allfather and his wife.
Graugnaugh’s heart ached as he thought of Frigga and the time they spent together.  Had it been an hour or a lifetime? He did not know for, in Eden, time does not behave as one might expect, but delivers its clockwork as the mood comes upon it.  A moment, an hour, or forever…it mattered little.  The man had fallen in love with the silver-haired, gray-eyed woman so that he believed never again could he love someone as deeply as he did her.  His heart ached, too, over her, because of all the pain, rejection and tribulation the woman had suffered over the ages, especially from the evil done by Loki, who was revealed to be far more than a menacing trickster.
Graugnaugh did not believe that Frigga intentionally delivered so many of her personal, troubling secrets to the man, but assumed the woman’s heartache so great and constitution so ruined that she could no longer control her thoughts when in the throes of tempestuous dreaming.  Many were the broken visions and torn memories that were scattered about in the dreams she was sharing…visions and memories the woman could no longer hide, steeled away behind vaulted doors, deep within her mind.  To have lived so many ages under such duress, when even Woden carelessly ignored the child because of his blind affection for Loki…Loki, who ever tricked his world into believing he was so kind and benevolent…would stress the heart of the mightiest of warriors.  Yet so innocent of soul and mind the woman had been in those ages.
A tear ran down his cheek as he thought about Frigga’s inner beauty, which was far more mesmerizing and intoxicating than her outward, physical appearance.  Who was there among the gods like this woman divine, someone so willing to sacrifice everything for the love she had for the Allfather, to see that his name might be cleared of the blasphemous lies spread about him by Loki and his lackeys?  Well, Graugnaugh was determined to do whatever he might to accomplish Woden’s purpose, and to please his wifely queen.  Hopefully, he could manage to convince his fellow clansmen to do the same.
Graugnaugh’s ruminations were interrupted by the sound of people approaching.  Looking up, he saw Beowulf and Lord Bruxelles, now known to Graugnaugh by his Riphath name, ‘BondaBoor’, the Norse chieftain having learned a great deal of the man’s long ago history.  Smiling, he called out them, “So have the supplies arrived yet, permitting us an early departure?”
Beowulf called back, not breaking stride, “Only an hour ago, they made the estuary’s mouth.  So our supplies should be here before the sun sits high in the sky.”
Grinning, Graugnaugh stood, thinking about the promised weapons that were soon to be delivered, high-powered bows with armor-piercing arrows, sharp swords made with unbreakable steel, slings, spears, and so much more.  Then there were the raw materials of forged iron, bronze, and western copper, and the forging tools needed to make the superb ships they would take to warring against their enemies.  He placed a hand on the sword given him before leaving Asgard, his eyes beaming with delight.  Ever sharp it was, igniting in a bluish-white flame when he gripped its hilt.
‘Only will it give its glory to you, its owner.  For others, it will be a useless piece of iron,’ Frigga had told Graugnaugh and his crew, each one of them being given a sword, shield, and helm as a parting gift from the city of the gods.  Wonderful they were, too, built by the gods themselves, shields that would deflect a sword blow or arrow strike, a helm that feared not the axe stroke, and an ever-sharp sword with a blade that could never be dulled as long as the fire burned within it.
Walking up to Graugnaugh, BondaBoor pointed toward the estuary.  “Trelleborg has asked that we join him on the beach.”  The three men started for the long ships.

Taking Graugnaugh’s forearm in salutation, Trelleborg waved his hand toward a nearby ship that was about to be launched.  “She’s the same design of the ship I named after my Egyptian wife, Syene, but made from western oak from the isles across the Atlantean Sea, as are all the ships we have delivered here to you.  Still, you will need to keep the ship painted in seal blubber if you wish to save it from the sea worms.”
Walking over to the long ship and placing a hand on it like a proud father of a cherished child, Trelleborg looked up at the dragon’s head carved on the bowsprit.  “That is the Mariner Clan crest.  It rode high and proud above our ships when we sailed into battle against the Atlantean navy.  I had a price placed on my head by the king of Atlantis.  I suppose bedding his wife when opportunity arose might have contributed to that.”  He laughed, “I fought hard to keep my head on my shoulders, and this…” he slapped the hull of the ship “darling never disappointed me when heated contest was upon us.  Tricksy she is when the wind is hard abeam, but faster than a frightened rascal when the lass’s father is chasing him with a flaying fork in a stern gale.  There’s nothing afloat that can outrun her, and few that can weather a nor’easter as well as she.  Light as a feather, tough as an ox, and strong as a bull…that is what she is.  Atlantis had nothing to match her in a fight.  Even its four-masted triremes avoided a contest against her in open waters, and there’s nothing to this day that is any better than they had.”
 Graugnaugh asked, concerned, “So these are truly the ships you intend us to go raiding in, open and low on the freeboard?  I supposed these to be the cargo ships that would deliver us home, and that you would teach my people how to build the great and majestic warships like those Charlemagne possesses in his navies.”
Resting his hand on Graugnaugh’s shoulder, Trelleborg explained, “A viper is not a giant beast in size and stature, yet most feared it is by all the beasts, both domestic and wild.  Sixty warriors in that ship will be more dangerous than six hundred huddled on any other warship sailing the seas!  Remember, it is not the intention of your people to slam Charlemagne with a fist, but to strike him like an adder and sting him like a hornet.  With lowered masts, you will be able to sail your ships up rivers and estuaries in the dark of the moon, hit your enemy, and be off before a war cry can be sounded.”
Directing Graugnaugh to board one of the launched long ships, Trelleborg explained, “If the Germans cannot stop Charlemagne, do you really believe that your clans can, no matter the weapons given to you?  We have offered your people these treasures so that your enemy’s hand can be checked, keeping you and yours from becoming slaves to Loki’s invading hordes so that freedom does not die in this world of men, not to conquer and enslave.
“Small are you in numbers.  Tell me, can you raise an army of a million men and women…half a million, one hundred thousand?  No, it is not possible.  Also, to build a navy the likes of which you speak would quickly consume all the riches your people have acquired over many generations, and yet that would be a very small navy.  Now tell me, will your people listen to you, even when you show them your flaming sword and share your countless tales of Asgard if they have to surrender everything they possess for a few wooden hulks in the harbor?  And will they surrender their sons and daughters to sail into distant lands to fight an enemy that the Germans could not resist?  My friend, we give you what best offers you victory into freedom, so that the dark-robed servants of the burning crosses will not be able to force a conversion upon you.”  He slapped Graugnaugh on the shoulder, grinning, “Come!  So many are the other treasures you have not yet seen…treasures that will guide your ships through the darkest night or most tempestuous storm…treasures of the bell, the silver horn, and the crystal that sees the sun on a cloudy day, treasures…well, so many, many more treasures.”

Eventually, with over two dozen long ships and luggers, Graugnaugh set sail for the Northlands.  With him stood Mariners at the helms who were to teach their apprentices the way of the long ship, along with a complement of the sons of the Riphath and Templars who would school the Norse people in all the raiding arts, the silence of the blade, and the glory of the sword and axe.  Standing the deck with him were Beowulf,  Trelleborg (Rae Tomassie), BondaBoor, Lady Tobanahazz, Roskva (Susannah), Heidi, and hidden under hooded cloaks were Thor (Zadar), Sif  (Aphrodite), and Volla (Chasileah).
“We shall all go with you, for the moment, so that your people will quickly come to believe the things you will reveal to them,” the gods and their children had told him.  And true to their word they were, departing for the north with him.

*    *    *

They had called themselves ‘the lost children of Israel’, escapees from troubled lands where so many of their kind had been maligned, persecuted, and even murdered for being only who they were.  The children of Joshawnataun and his kinsmen were kind, and permitted the refugees a place among them.  Indeed, some of the choicest of well-watered regions were gifted them, lands with great rivers and rich farming soil.  Fertile were the wombs of the women in this land of plenty, their children becoming many in only a few short generations, so that soon cities had grown up along these same waterways.  And the sons of the Phoenicians settled down beside them, building their tall ships on their very shores.
In time, a great influx of peoples came from the isles of Britain and Europe, those refusing to bow to Charlemagne and his iron rule religion.  Out of kindness, the children of the Elkhorn welcomed their brothers, offering to them rich lands filled with deep forests of oak and maple, lakes overflowing with fish and otter, and streams filled with clams and marsh rabbits.
Soon the wealth and riches found in the vast territories of Meric made the people forget Iam, just as their forefathers had forgotten him in ages long before.  The gods of the foreigner soon stole the people’s hearts so that even the descendants of Joshawnataun and his kinsmen cast Iam away and bowed low to the bull and idol.
It came to be that about the time the Norsemen sallied forth to slap the face of Charlemagne, that high king Magnum, lord over the houses of the Ohio Hebrew nations, passed away in death.  Having no living son, two nephews stood up to claim the throne.  War eventually broke out and spread throughout the world of Meric until, from the mountains in the west to the harbor towns on eastern shores, there was no escape from the violence and murder.
In time, when Hyhoset and Tuosolmerica saw the ruin filling all the former lands of Meric, they dispatched runners with wampum to gather all the great chieftains to the long moot hall at AttaWannahuattahan, on the bluffs overlooking the Allegany and Ohio Rivers, the place given by Joshawnataun the name ‘Haudenosaunez’.  There, inside that same moot hall, those chieftains willing to come sat and smoked the pipe weed while the council fire burned brightly in the center of the hall.  For many long hours, the hall echoed with shouts of accusations and denunciations, far into the night and, after a brief respite, well into the next day, as men from opposing clans and tribes decried the evils committed by other clans and tribes.  Yes, it was the men for, by this time, the oppressive sickness of male domination was spread far and wide.  Those few women still recognized as chieftains by their clans who had come to this meeting were denied a voice at this moot, the men shouting them down.
As the shadows turned toward late day, an aged sage stood to address the company.  GuyWanataun, the very grandson of Joshawnataun, now a man bent and withered by age, being well over one hundred years… others saying over two hundred, no one knowing for sure… spread his arms wide, looking at the many people gathered in the moot hall.  “Men!  Brothers!  Long ago, our forefather Noah promised the children of Japheth that this was a holy land, the very land of man’s birthing, where Adam came to life in the very mountains where our people reside.  When the evil of the southern gods polluted this land with its fornications, the Great Spirit delivered fire and flood upon it to make a cleansing of it.
“And after the land had been cleansed of its evil fornications by fire and flood, and time for its recovery had passed, there was made a returning to it by our forebear Meric and his wife, Queen Monacan…the woman who sits here beside us in this moot hall this very day.  For over one thousand winters and summers, the rule of Meric delivered peace upon our world, violence and discord being unknown among those settling here.  And all men worshiped the Great Spirit with open arms and reverence in his or her own way, having no other gods in front of them.”
GuyWanataun leaned forward, clenching his fists.  “After many generations, the people of our world forgot the Great Spirit and made for themselves gods delivered up to them by the southern hosts…people who sacrificed their children upon burning altars by rape and the tearing out of their hearts, who would then eat the very flesh of those sacrificed upon those altars.  In time, the Great Spirit became incensed and swore an oath against the very children of Meric, saying that the world was to be consumed in heated darkness and deadly sickness.”
He pointed toward Hyhoset (Monacan) and Tuosolmerica (Tucson… Queen Cheyenne).  “These two women, standing alongside White Buffalo Woman, softened the face of the Great Spirit so that a rescue was made for my grandfather’s clansmen and all who would listen to them.  It is true, for I was there, cuddled in my grandfather’s arms when these women delivered us to the holy caves where our souls slept away the destruction that befell the world of men until the sun shone again in the sky, the time being so long that the grand moot hall that sat on this very place had rotted away into nothingness.
“And, after leaving the holy caves, my grandfather returned to this place and built a new moot hall on the very foundations of the old…this very moot hall that we are gathered in here this very day.  And he made all the chieftains, great and small, swear an oath to the Great Spirit that never again would they allow foreign gods to pollute our world.”
Looking down at the floor, the old sage sighed sadly.  “So my grandfather listened to the voices of White Buffalo Woman and her companions and opened his heart to any and all our foreign kinsmen, giving to them the best of our lands and properties, making them all swear oaths of fealty to the Great Spirit.  But after my grandfather and the older men who had been given refuge in the holy caves passed on, the foreigners and my own kindred gradually fell away to serving the gods of demons until the land has become polluted with their fornications so that our world is now filled with violence and murder.”
He stood erect, raising a hand.  “It has come down to this.  The daughters of the Elkhorn and Mountain Bear sent out messengers with totems of peace in their hands to gather you all here to this greatest of our moot halls, so that they might deliver your hearts back to the Great Spirit.  Their blood flows in many of your veins, they being our mothers from long ago.  Indeed, Queen Monacan was the very wife of our forefather Meric, crossing the great Eastern Sea with him on their returning here after the ruin of that first age upon this world.  Please, my brothers, listen to the wisdom of these women so that a healing of our world might begin again.”  At that, GuyWanataun returned to his place and sat.
All eyes were now focused on the two women sitting in the shadows.  Slowly they rose and walked to the middle of the moot hall, majestic in beauty and appearance, their steely eyes boring into the faces of the chieftains gathered there, searching hearts.
Before a word could be uttered from their lips, an angry chieftain shouted, “The voice of wisdom does not come from the contemptible mouths of women, lowly creatures unfit to be kept with the dogs!  Be off with you before our hand becomes heavy upon you and you come to wish you were not even born!”
Quickly, the hall filled with angry chieftains and headmen calling down evil upon the two ‘usurpers of power’ standing before them.  One man rose, pointing at Hyhoset, declaring, “This dog lies when she claims that our mother she is!  Long ago that woman went to her great sleep, as did our father Meric and his sons, and his sons for many generations.”  He then pointed a finger at GuyWanataun.  “This old man, too, is an imposter, saying that he is the great chief’s grandson when we have only his word on the matter.  Alone he stands before us, charging that he is who he cannot be.  All these purveyors of falsehood should be thrown out of this sacred moot hall for their contemptuousness!”
As though one man, the chieftains jumped to their feet to throw Hyhoset and the others out of the moot hall, their intent to do great physical harm to them.  Before the men could take a step, Hyhoset clenched her fists and stomped the floor.  Instantly, the ground began to shake violently, the men falling to their knees in panic.  Lifting her hands high, the woman’s angry eyes taking on the glow of a raging inferno, Hyhoset called down an oath against the people.  “Enough of you all!  Cursed has become the day of my birthing because of the wicked seed that has come from my inner parts!  The men of Sodom shall be lifted up above you in the final judgment because, in their ignorance, they acted wickedly against the Great Spirit.  But you men have had his angels walk among you and yet your intent is their destruction!  Abandoned is your house to you so that the land will vomit you out of it until not one soul of yours remains in it!”
As all the people quailed in fright because of this fiery angel calling down the Great Spirit’s pronouncements against them, a young boy, son of SatawonnahWanataun, great, great, granddaughter of GuyWanataun, ran up to Hyhoset, wrapping his arms around her legs, crying out loudly, “Please… Oh please, Mother Goddess…please don’t ruin the innocent with the guilty!  Remember those of us who have no voice to speak in your defense!”
Hyhoset peered down at the boy, resting a hand on his head.  She lifted her eyes, scornfully staring about at the terrified chieftains.  “This young man has saved your people from the destruction you all deserve!  To your children’s children will salvation be given, for you all must go your way on to the end, when all your evil deeds will be exposed to those of your flesh who have come after you.  And they will judge your wickedness, calling down condemnation on your names while forbidding your future entrance into their moot halls until you have learned that only the Great Spirit must be worshiped and to war against your fellow man is to slap the face of your forebears.”  She took a hand, tilting the boy’s head up until their eyes met.  “What is your name, boy?”
The child answered, “WonnahHawnataun…”
Looking into the boy’s face, Hyhoset declared, “No longer will you be called ‘WonnahHawnataun’, but to you is the name given of ‘Haudenosaunez, child of the long moot hall’.”  Addressing the chieftains in the hall, she pronounced, “Abandoned to all the clans and tribes will their moot halls become, their sacred fires ever taken away and given to this child until he returns it to his people at the end of your wickedness.”
A sudden gust of tempestuous wind swept down from the chimney hole in the moot hall roof, scattering the council blaze before snuffing out the fire, yet the great hall did not become dark.  There, standing silently in the middle of the crowd, WonnahHawnataun shone as brightly as the hottest of blazes, the council fire having entered into him.
All the people fell upon their faces, crying out to the Great Spirit and his angels to forgive them for the evil they had committed.  Hyhoset would not listen, but ordered them to stand and return to their homes, these words spoken against them.  “As those of Jacob who stand beside you this day in your wickedness do know of their own kindred who rebelled against the Great Spirit, seventy years must pass before an end to your ruination will arrive!  Not one of you or your women folk, or your children down to a suckling among you, or any of the people living in your camps and villages will escape the wrath that is to envelop you in slavery and death until all who are standing here this day do become dust.  Only those yet unborn will come to see your day of release, your names becoming a forgotten thing among the people of this land.”
She then took hold of WonnahHawnataun’s arm, proclaiming, “On account of this boy’s petitions to the Great Spirit, a remnant of your kind will one day see the great council fire relit in a place of this boy’s choosing, but not until all the utterances spoken by my mouth against you have come to their finish.”
With that, the light in WonnahHawnataun faded away, and the outside world went dark as the evening night.  The people cried out in fear, many rushing out of the moot hall to see what the matter might be.  There, in the sky, a black pall hung over the sinking sun so that in darkness the people stood.  Many of the chieftains fell to the earth, throwing dust upon themselves as they writhed in agony like a maiden giving birth.   When the black pall had finally passed, why look, Queens Monacan and Tuscon were nowhere to be found, never in the lifetimes of these men to be seen by them again.

*    *    *

It was about this same time that Godden and Salak returned to Memphis from their forced exile in the Reinholds, Legion having acquitted them of their crimes, in great need of their services.  Godden had lost interest in the workings of frail humans and busied himself with other, more entertaining matters.  Not so with Salak.  His heart still burned with desire to fill the world with his twisted religion of the Southlands.  First he would consume the northern worlds of Meric with it, and then spread it across the seas to every corner of the globe, wiping forever any of man’s other religions from the face of the Earth.
When news reached Salak about Hyhoset’s pronouncement against the sons of Meric, and her abandonment of those people, he gained an audience with Legion presenting, at least in part, his grand plan for a New World Order.  Legion tacitly approved, realizing that if Salak was successful, he could take credit for it with Chrusion.  And if matters turned out poorly?  Well, Salak could take that walk of shame, it being his idea.  This would also keep Legion’s two leading officers from competition with each other, Godden having been elevated to high lord commander over all of Legion’s special police force and admiral over Legion’s naval forces.  Godden was now far too occupied with these more important matters to bother with the monkey children in the Lower Realms.  Moving Godden into his elite guard also removed Salak out from under Godden’s direct command, reducing the rivalry between his two lieutenants.  Directing Salak’s activities toward the Lower Realms helped keep those two separated…that much better for Legion, at the moment.
Although not fully believing that Godden would keep his nose out of matters, Salak moved forward with his handing over the Hormaxian control to his people in the western worlds.  He gathered to his side a young priest prince, a certain Akkanattahootan, son of Hattattayahohootan, king-priest controlling the entire northern regions of the Southlands, including territories that bordered upon the southernmost lands of Meric.  Hattattayahohootan was a high chieftain in the House of the Black Warlocks, and had it not been for the oppressive domination of the eastern Hormaxian overlords obsessing over maintaining eastern power, Hattattayahohootan would have long before been lifted up to serve on the Council of Eighteen.  Salak was determined to change all that by shifting the power and glory of the Father Church to the west.

*    *    *

Nepos Severus paced about his chambers in front of a window overlooking one of the public squares in Constantinople, holding a newly received parchment from a Maruk courier.  “Damn them!  Damn them!” he cursed, crinkling up the message and throwing it on the floor.  These Norsemen were becoming impossible.  Ever since they burst forth on the world scene by raiding and pillaging the monastery of Lindisfarne, these ‘Vikings’ had rampaged across the northern isles of Christendom.  And now with report that the French king, Charles the Bald, had given them a blood payment of seven thousand pounds of silver to gain peace after the raiders conquered Paris, what was remaining that these heathens did not think was possible for them?
The high lord’s predecessor, Bastion, had written to his successor at great length regarding these Northmen who suddenly appeared on the scene just when the Western Roman Empire, through the military prowess of Charlemagne, was flexing its muscle with the promise of extending the influence of the Church’s power throughout Europe and into Asia.  Bastion believed that certain otherworldly powers were behind the Norse arrival on the stage, the man hinting at having knowledge through an experience he had some years before in Magliana.
He wrote, ‘These creatures I encountered, I believe, are none other than the LukusAner and Gorgons recorded in the annals of our ancient high lords.  Even our spirit chieftains cannot stand against these demons that walk about in human form.  Should the Northmen truly be allied with these creatures, there is no military power we possess that can check their hand.  Our only hope is subverting them into accepting the religion of the Church.  I believe this will be the only way to halt the northern onslaught.’
For over twenty years, High Lord Severus had been attempting to do that very thing, but with limited success.  Now, after this humiliating travesty at Paris, he was determined to sweep the northern world with religious zealots willing to sacrifice everything for the Church.  How Severus’ plan might affect the northern worlds would have to wait, the man never having opportunity to execute it.
A sharp rapping drew Severus’ attention to the chamber door.  Opening it, he was confronted by three gray-robed figures, their faces cloaked in shadows.  “Magistrate Nepos Severus?” one of them asked, pointing an extended finger toward him.
Hesitating, Nepos finally asked, “Who wishes to know?”
The person stepped forward, pushing Severus back.  “High Lord Severus, I believe?”
As Nepos stumbled backward, he cried out in fearful bewilderment, “Who are you?!”
Closing the door behind them, the three ushered the high lord across the room to a large table near a bookshelf, the man being directed to sit at the head of the table.  Taking an ancient chest down and placing it in front of the high lord, the first hooded person ordered Severus to open it.  With trembling hands, he retrieved a very old-looking key from a fold in his cloak, unfastening its chain from his belt.
“Open it...please,” the first person politely ordered with a quiet hiss.
“Wh…who…are you…and…and what do you want?!” High Lord Severus asked in a shaky voice while attempting to appear bold and fearless.
As the tumblers fell away with a quiet clatter, the first person answered, “We are agents of your master...shadow wraiths, lieges of a most high potentate over this world.  We, you have had the privilege of meeting before when preparing for you to attend the Councils of HETH.  Today we have come on other business.”
His fear little subsiding, Nepos replied while attempting to smile, “My lords of the night, your presence here is welcome…always welcome.  Whatever your wish is my greatest desire to do.  If only you had revealed yourselves earlier, I…”
The last tumbler fell away with a loud clack!  Instantly, the first person lifted the lid of the chest, peering inside.  “Take that parchment there…the one on top of the others… quickly,” he commanded.
Shoving the chest aside, the first person told Severus to place the parchment on the table while another of the three set an inkwell and quill along with a clean piece of parchment in front of the high lord.  The first person then commanded, “Write down in your hand the same as you have done so in this other letter, except change, this time, the names I will provide of those who you have given the power and glory of the three houses to.  Quickly now…you can do this.”
Taking the quill, the high lord hurriedly wrote down the new script just the way the first person directed him to.  When finished, he was ordered to blow the ink dry and place the new parchment back into the chest and then lock it.  The second person took the old parchment and tossed it in the fireplace where it was reduced to ash.
After returning the chest to the shelf, the first person turned back to Severus, reaching into the folds of his robe in search of something.  “The Keepers of Divine Treasures will be here soon.  They have already been summoned to hurry because of a most unfortunate event.”
He pulled a small vial from the fold while another person placed a goblet of wine on the table in front of the high lord.  Pouring powder from the vial into the goblet, the first person recommended, “You have been a good and faithful servant and should now go to your reward.  Please do not hesitate to drink this up.  Your journey will be painless and quick, should you do so.”
Severus stared up into the shadows of the first person’s hood, panic growing in his eyes.
Again, the first person encouraged him to drink up.  “Trust me, this will be a far more pleasant experience for you than should you resist.  Your journey will begin either way, but in a far less pleasing manner.”
Silently nodding while closing his eyes, Severus picked up the goblet and tipped it back, draining it completely.  There was a sudden gasp of surprise, and then the high lord fell back in his chair, dead.

The following morning, four Hormaxian eunuchs stood around Severus’ corpse, studying the parchment contained in the chest.  Finally, the chief eunuch spoke.  “We must summon one of our submarine boats for a very long journey, for we must act in complete secrecy, raising no suspicions.  A sky ship would make for too many questions.”
By early the next day, the four Keepers of Divine Treasures were aboard a submarine boat on their way into the western worlds to tell king-priest Hattattayahohootan that he was now high lord over the three houses of the Father Church, and that his son, Akkanattahootan, was to be placed beside him as lord over the House of the White Warlocks.

*   *   *

With the hand of Hormax weakened in the east, the dominion of the Holy Roman and Byzantine Empires over the world was tested.  Not only were the Norse people pressing Rome in the north, but the Moors retained their presence in Iberia and the Mediterranean theater, including Sicily, the Arabs also putting pressure on Constantinople at the same moment.

(Author’s note…The Mediterranean Sea, formerly known as the Great Sea, was so named by the Romans, it meaning ‘the center of the Earth’)

Godden favored the powers in the east with either of its two Roman powers becoming the pillars to build his New World Order around.  Even though he was no longer directly involved in the politics of Earth, his voice was heard when discussion came up in the presence of Legion.  Understanding that Godden might still be emotionally involved with developments in the Lower Realms, Legion attempted to pacify his concerns by limiting Salak’s influence over the world of men by making him execute, in stages, his plans for creating a New World Order.
Some may wonder why Legion would restrain Salak from delivering the religion of the Southlands across the planet when it had been his original design and was still his favorite political/religious form of Earthly government.  Three primary reasons stand out.
First, Chrusion was becoming impatient with his chief lieutenant’s inability to unite the world under one governmental arrangement.  Six times after the destruction of Atlantis, beginning with Egypt, Legion had attempted to create his New World Order.  His greatest achievement, Rome, was now only a shadow of itself, barely able to hold its own against the ever-pushing nations surrounding it.  Also, in their private conversations, Chrusion had applauded the newer religions that were anchoring their beliefs in the laws and rituals of the Abrahamic and Mosaic prophets, even to the point of lifting up a Hebrew messiah.
“What better way is there to heap humiliation upon the heads of Erithia (Lowenah) and her evil minions than to use their very prophets against them?!”  Chrusion had asked, taunting, laughing, when conversing with Legion.  “What more fitting way is there to bring the world to ruin than through the name of their very savior?!”
Second, Legion was very fond of Godden, the man being one of his closest companions.  True, Legion had banished Godden over his earlier fiasco with the attempted ruination of Earthly men.  Yet it was more out of fear regarding Chrusion’s rage over the dismantling of his plans for those realms that he sent Godden away, realizing that Chrusion might demand far worse be done should no action be taken at all.  Godden, Legion, and Chrusion went way back to the earliest days of sharing manly passions, exploring the worlds of science and the universe together, and being the three original conspirators to wrest the universe from Erithia.  So it was, when Godden whispered his concerns in Legion’s ear, Legion would listen.
Salak, on the other hand, was a relative newcomer to the group, being recruited into their rebellious cause shortly before its execution with the attempted murder of Mihai.  Known then as ‘AsreHalom’, the great counselor to Lowenah, none having been more respected for their uncanny wisdom than he, the man remained at Lowenah’s side after the rebellion began as a spy, departing years later on the day of his brutalizing rape of Rachel (Darla), attempting another blow to Lowenah’s heart.  But the little child, Rachel, never revealed that deepest of agonizing secrets to her mother.  Some said his sadistic perversions began about that time.  Others claimed it came after his retreat from before the walls of EpipHaneia when the black madness overtook so many of those of Legion’s army who had braved the pass of Korteniaz.
Legion troubled over the possibility that Salak was ridden with the disease, but that his extreme mental acuities maintained control over the depraved psychosis that overcame those who became the Stasis.  Though having sunk beyond the level of being a total miscreant, Salak maintained his loyalty to Legion and Chrusion to a fault, and needed the man was so often by Legion.  Salak still remained the prescient genius he had long been, being able to gather up future events in his mind by assimilating all the current knowledge into a mosaic of possible outcomes, and his self-induced trances still offered profound wisdom into the workings of angels and humans.  Having so often benefited from his services, Legion desired keeping Salak around, but at arm’s length, if possible.  Keeping the fellow’s attention drawn toward the world of men afforded him such an opportunity.  Also, if Salak succeeded in his quest, then only the better for it, Chrusion having accomplished his desire for a one world government.  If that was the case, Legion could swage Godden’s heart by crediting him with other, more important matters that needed current attention.
The third primary reason? Tensions were already heating up between the League of Brothers and the Children’s Empire over accusations that Chrusion was in violation of the most recent armistice, the current raids and supposed atrocities against the outer colonies being his doing.  War clouds already loomed on the horizon.  When Salak pushed his armies north into the former lands of Meric, Legion was sure the ire of the Haudenosaunez would be raised, leading to war between their forces and those of the Hormaxian league.  He doubted that Gabrielle would stay out of such a conflict, eventually drawing the universe into another conflagration.  Either way, it would only be a matter of time before war arose, possibly threatening MueoPoros and Memphis.  Legion needed Godden to help him prepare for it, and could not risk his chief lieutenant’s distraction with the Realms Below.

Salak was not at all pleased as he angrily harrumphed when receiving a communiqué ordering him to bestow lordship over the House of the Gray Hearts upon Bishop Justin Cassiodorus.  Justin was claimed to be a direct descendant of Roman Senator Cassiodorus, a member of a line of imperial administrators who, after his retirement from political life during the mid sixth century, devoted a great deal of time to religious activities in Italy.  It was a natural course of matters that some of the old senator’s descendants would also pursue this theological mission, Justin having immersed himself in it.  This he had done with a passion, learning the arts and sciences offered him with a zeal few others mustered.
The man was also raised in a Hormaxian household, Justin’s mother being a Zaelock priestess.  She later became a nun in the Catholic order, although still acting as a priestess in the secret Lucifarian rituals of the Father Church.  His father was a magistrate serving the Pope’s interest to the Holy Roman Empire and a lower level member in the House of the Gray Hearts. Because of this, Justin had been an excellent candidate for the Hormaxian priesthood.  Rapidly moving up the ranks, the man soon found himself being tutored for greater responsibilities by the leaders in the House of the Gray Hearts.  By the time he was in his late thirties, he was assigned a seat on the Council of Eighteen.  Now, on his forty-fifth birthday, Justin was elevated to position of the highest post in the House of the Gray Hearts by the new high lord over all the houses.
In the end, Salak found this arrangement to his liking, providing him a practical way of keeping his finger on the pulse of the eastern world.  Still, for the most part, the wizard demon concentrated his energies on the western kingdoms, unifying the countless city states into one, cohesive military machine.  Soon forests were being cut down to build the largest navy seen in the west since the sons of Meric invaded the southern isles.

*    *    *

King Hattattayahohootan unleashed his armies on the Northlands in early fall, near the completion of the autumn harvest, storming the rivers with his mighty navies while marching a formidable force up the peninsula along its coast, swarming over the inhabitants living along Lake Tecatucutan.
His reason for choosing this time of year was twofold.  First, from a military standpoint, a spring or early summer campaign was considered to be the wiser of choices, several months of pleasant weather affording his soldiers reasonable roads for swift travel and good, navigable rivers filled with winter runoff.  This King Hattattayahohootan might well have done had the man lived in the northern climes far up the rivers from Lake Tecatucutan.  But he resided in tropical regions of the world where monsoons and dry spells denoted the seasons.  Yet his actions were not foolhardy.  The man was well-traveled and understood seasonal changes between summer and winter in the north.  His strategy was simple. He believed his military would quickly overwhelm the sons of Cush who resided along the coasts and rivers in the warmer regions of the north, the inhabitants not expecting a fall campaign.  Those people were very tribal, having few loyalties beyond their regional villages.  He doubted they would gather together as one against him, but fight piecemeal to their own destruction.
Secondly, if his armies moved quickly, there should be a bountiful supply of foodstuffs to be found harvested and stored in the granaries and larders of the lands he was invading.  The population of those regions was relatively large, with towns and villages along the major rivers prospering because of the trading done with the people farther north.  Indeed, should they be able to sail rapidly enough up the Aosolagessa and Ohio Rivers, his people might well capture trade goods delivered to the port cities before the winter snows blocked the waters further north.  Gold, silver, copper, animal hides, pine pitches and mineral oils, flints and precious stones, and so much more…the entire wealth of the northern lands traveling down those rivers on fat, wide, log rafts that were to be broken up for lumber when reaching their destinations, treasures just waiting to be taken.

When news reached the ears of ‘Son Haudenosaunez’, the boy WonnahHawnataun now being called that by his family clansmen, warships of King Hattattayahohootan were already making their way into the Ohio River.  Son lived with his mother’s family in the village of Kondakandea (known in later years as ‘Caneadea’), the southernmost way center on the River Genesee before the old Genesee/Allegany overland bypass that cut over the hills toward the southwest through the ruins of Gusitottaon City toward the village of OsieOggon, where the navigable headwaters of the Allegany River now began.

(Author’s note… In the years following, the rebuilding of the city of AttaWannahuattahan with its long moot hall, Joshawnataun and his people busied themselves reestablishing the old Phoenician trade routes in the eastern lands beyond the River Aosolagessa, a major one connecting the Aosolagessa River in the southwest and the Great Inland Seas in the northeast via the upper Allegany and Genesee Rivers.  During the Age of Meric, there had been a grand canal built connecting the eastern most of the inland seas to the upper Allegany River, an artificial lake built in the valley south of Gusitottaon City that spanned the headwaters of the both that same Allegany and a tributary of the Genesee.  It was said that giant Dragon ships could navigate the entire length of the canal system, the narrowest locks being over fourteen cubits in width, eighty in length, and the waters over six cubits deep.
Gusitottaon City stretched north from the shores of what was called ‘Gusitottaon Lake’ nearly three miles into and past another valley, a north-south canal connecting to a smaller, manmade lake in that upper valley, splitting the city in two.  Running parallel to this vast water system was a caravan road that began at a bay on the easternmost inland sea, going south and west to Castle Dodanimaz, a mountain fortress on the northernmost shore of Genesee Lake called by the locals ‘The Bluestone Estuary’.  Folklore was that Meric and his sons founded Dodanimaz on their journey into western lands, the area being rich in the treasured bluestone.  Later, he and his Phoenician trading partners originally built a canal from the eastern lake to Genesee Lake in order to transport the bluestone to waiting ships in the eastern lake.
Eventually, the canal was extended west and south, Kondakandea being established on Genesee Lake’s southwestern shores, and Gusitottaon City where the canal and land roads met after splitting west of Kondakandea.  Eventually, a vast water system was developed that gathered the might of their four cardinal points at Gusitottaon City, the municipality growing to a population of over twenty-five thousand.  From the Atlantean Sea up the Susquehanna River came Phoenician shippers.  Fur traders and copper miners came in from the other inland seas, and grains, shell, and turquoise from up from the mighty Aosolagessa River.  Too, there were salted herring, seal skins and baleen from the north isles in the Atlantean Sea.  These all passed through Castle Dodanimaz on this northern trade route, a portion of Solomon’s gold even passing along that way on its journey to the eastern world.
Shortly after Joshawnataun’s long rest began in Eden’s cave, several horrendous earthquakes shook the eastern mountains and foot hills, bringing a ruin to Castle Dodanimaz, Gusitottaon and Kondakandea cities, and forever despoiling the lakes and canals along the eastern trading routes.  Genesee Lake ruptured at its north end, the earthquake and subsequent flooding downpours tearing out a canyon where Castle Dodanimaz’ canal-moat had once been located, rerouting the river channel further to the north while draining several smaller lakes off to the city’s east.
Over the years, after their returning, Joshawnataun and his people rebuilt portions of the canal system, but the tributary system between OsieOggon and the Genesee, above the falls in the deep canyon below the ruins of Castle Dodanimaz, were considered too monumental a project for rebuilding.  So a land route was reopened from below the Genesee Falls to OsieOggon, its road passing through the ruins of Gusitottaon.  In time, a new, albeit much more humble city was established there because of the many fresh and salt water springs in the area… the salt extracted by boiling or evaporation in giant, copper vats.
Eventual tribal wars brought an end to the eastern trading system.  Many cities were abandoned or destroyed in the ensuing wars.  Gusitottaon fell victim to siege war, the city inhabitants slaughtered after they surrendered.  By Son Haudenosaunez’ day, there were no settlements west of Kondakandea until reaching OsieOggon at the headwaters of the Allegany, the trade routes long ago abandoned.  And OsieOggon was no ally to the inhabitants of Kondakandea.)

Son Haudenosaunez was in his fifteenth year when many chiefs from the surrounding villages gathered at the moot hall in Kondakandea to decide what actions should be taken regarding the southern invasion.  For three days and nights, the council fires burned bright and smoke from pipeweed filled the hall, debate over flight or war being argued with boisterous vigor.  As is often the case, younger chiefs championed the cause to gather with their former enemies and march upon the invaders, while older leaders recommended flight beyond the great seas in the north, hoping the southerners would not invade that far.
The old chieftain, SuehaConastogga, stood, pointing north.  “Winter is almost upon us with its chilling winds and violent, lake snow storms.  The fall season has been overly warm and dry, warning us that when the winter tempest arrives, it will not be kind.  The enemy will not be able to invade this far north until snows melt in the spring, providing us the winter to prepare for flight.  Lands in the north are filled with pine, oak, and hickory, cattail, and groundnut, and the woodlands are rich with wild game...deer, elk, rabbit, squirrel, and many flying animals.  Should the enemy pursue us there, then to the west we can continue our flight, clear to the mountains far away.”
This did not set at all well with many of the chieftains.  One stood, pointing a finger at the older chief.  “When does wisdom fly away from the tree?!  When one seeks the warm hearth for but a night, before the crow plucks out its eyes, or has this already happened?  Old man, be afraid if you must, but those who have not lost their courage will march to the Great War Council at AttaWannahuattahan and join the armies gathering there to drive our enemy back into the sea!”
Red-faced with anger, SuehaConastogga, shook a fist at the younger chieftain.  “I speak not with fear, but to the preserving alive the race of my people!  Already few enough remain because of all the bloodletting committed against their own brothers!  Should the warring to the south go awry, who will there be to protect the little ones and women giving suck?  There comes an army against us trained in all the ways of warfare, and we are only hunters and fishers.  Tell me, what great battles have you fought other than pillaging and raping the innocent and weak who were slain in their sleep or taken when their men were absent?!  The enemy facing us cares not for soul or field, but with slaughter and slavery they advance, burning our cities and murdering our peoples and domestic animals.”
The younger chieftain reached for his axe, calling down evil on SuehaConastogga.  “Your skin will serve better the children and women giving suck than does your mouth!”
At that, Son’s mother, SatawonnahWanataun, who was a shaman chieftain among her people stood, waving her arms, angrily crying out, “That is enough, or shall I call down the wind spirits to snuff out this blaze, and with it your souls!  Fools!  You are all fools if you believe this enemy can be stopped!  But try you will and much blood will be shed before you remember the prophecies of the seventy winters spoken against this people.  Slavery and destruction is our reward for our acts of murder against our brothers.  This you cannot stop.  Yet, if you do flee to the north, some of your souls might get away safe so that a returning of our people will come after the curse has passed.”
She lifted a hand high. “I have seen in a dream our Earth Mothers appearing to me in my night visions, warning me that only to taking flight into the north beyond the inland seas and then going to the west will this people escape the calamity coming upon all our brothers from the southern seas to the northern ice and west to past the great river that divides our world north to south…the Aosolagessa.  There, far in the west where the mountains reach into the skies, will you find escape until our curse passes and our Earth Mothers’…Queens Monacan and Tucson Cheyenne’s tempers are calmed.”
Satawonnah pointed toward Chief GuyWanataun, who sat quietly in the corner, wrapped in many blankets and furs, the cold weighing heavily upon the old man.  “The Earth Mothers said to me that the grandson of our father Joshawnataun is a sign to all of us.  The enemy will not set foot into the lands of the Genesee for as long as this aged man may live so that he does not have to flee in the cold of winter or heat of summer, but go to his rest in peace.  On the day his funeral pyre is lit, all the people must be prepared to flee to the north without delay!”
Her eyes pierced the souls of the men as she stared into their astounded faces.  “For those who refuse to listen to what I have revealed, there will be no returning to this land if you should decide to go to the south!  The arm of the enemy is far too strong to be broken by clubs and arrows.  Like creeping locusts, they crawl forth upon the land, devouring everything and everyone in their path!  Black they cover the ground so that no vegetation, rock, or mound of earth can be seen.  Go at your own peril, should you choose the southern road!”
Appealing to the people one last time, Satawonnah spread her arms wide, dropping her robe so that the woman stood there naked, glowing green like the haunting, forest moss, the council fire waning and flickering so that she appeared more like an apparition than a person.  “We are the children of the Elkhorn and Mountain Bear!  Long have our people lived upon this land.  Our city, Kondakandea, was founded by NosahHoshoni, eldest son of MericHoshoni and our Earth Mother, Queen Monacan.  Long he ruled over this place, bringing peace all around.  His children to the tenth generation have lived here, building the great mounds of remembrance as we still do down to this day.  To this land we have been promised a returning if you will only listen to the words the Earth Mothers delivered to me as I slept, my head upon my bed.”  At that, Satawonnah picked up her robe and departed the moot hall into the frosty night, the council fire immediately springing back to life after her departing.
Debate continued throughout the night and far into the morning, those still remaining divided over what should be done.  Finally it was decided that, to save face among the other clans and tribes, should they win against the advancing enemy, and not receive ostracism from the surrounding peoples, the clans of the Genesee would send by lot four hundred of their warriors… one hundred fast horsemen and three hundred fleet of foot infantry…south to gather with the growing army at AttaWannahuattahan.  Those families wishing to go with their men would not be prohibited from doing so.
Among those choosing to go with the army south were two dozen black-haired, tattooed, women known as ‘Bandorai’, who resided along the steep cliffs of a narrow valley a few miles west of Kondakandea.  Claiming to have descended from a witch queen named ‘Boudica’, these ‘Brits’ as they called themselves, were the most fearsome warriors known among the Genesee clans, so much so that no one dared enter their domain without their chieftain offering them first the wampum belt of peace.  No men did they marry.  Indeed, one could find no males in the camps of the Bandorai.  With men they would breed to produce offspring, quietly slipping into a man’s bed on a darksome night, or by seducing a hunter sleeping in the heavy woods.  Yet only were the female children permitted to remain living with them in their camps.
Rumors were that these women were necromancers and witches having great powers.  Whether that be true or not, they were highly skilled warriors with the bow, javelin, and axe.  It was said that in the days when roads crisscrossed the region, they rode naked in their chariots when going to war.  Now, in this later age, these women, with faces painted black and flowing locks of unshorn hair from birth, were going south, riding black horses, wearing only fur robes of black bear hide over their naked, tattooed flesh.  Their leader, the most fearsome of the Bandorai, JasmineNafushie, a woman possibly in her fifties, was claimed to be a child descended directly through the line of Sophie, Boudica’s daughter, and Manfred Tangle, son of the goddess Andred (Hilga) and a mystic shaman of old, TewaTeton (SchroGarthTho). 
Three days following the moot, the army of horsemen, including the Bandorai, departed south to join the army assembling at AttaWannahuattahan.  Two days following, those going on foot made their way west from Kondakandea toward the river Allegany, there to assemble rafts to take them south or to journey on foot until reaching their destination.  There were also hundreds of women and children who were making the journey along with their warrior men… the reason for the many rafts that were going to be built.

On the day of their departure, JasmineNafushie came to Satawonnah’s lodge with her granddaughter of some thirteen summers, who was nursing a baby girl at her breasts.  Handing the girl and baby over to Satawonnah, Jasmine begged she take the child with her when she retreated to the north.  “Please, I know that I will not return from this war to see this land again.  We shall all die in the coming battles, for it is against the Great Spirit that we make this journey.  So death will come to all who follow me this day, but still we must go on, even though it is to our doom.  I have seen this in my waking visions and know it is so.  Please then, take my child SorindaNafushie, and her little one, NashieNafushie, along with you into the wilderness so that my blood may not be forgotten and my spirit will have a remembrance in future days.”  Saying nothing more, Jasmine kissed Sorinda and Nashie on the forehead and retreated from the lodge.

In the evening darkness on the day the horse army departed Kondakandea, Satawonnah’s husband, HootahannWhaha, a chieftain in the Kondakandea tribe, sat down with his wife and family to tell them he was going also to war.  “The war cry among the peoples of the Genesee clans is loud and cannot be ignored!  Shame I would bring on my family if I did not lead those who wish to go.”
Satawonnah frowned in displeasure.  “Do you not believe me when I say that the Earth Mothers have told us not to fight, but to flee to the north beyond the inland seas and then go to the west to keep living?!  No one will escape the tribulation awaiting them in the south.  Either to death or slavery they are going.  Life is to the north, but death lurks in the darkness for those going south.  There will be no returning here for anyone dipping his foot into the river Ohio, no returning here at all.  This, the Earth Mothers have promised.”
Hootahann sadly nodded.  “Everything you have spoken in the council I do believe, but still I must make this fated journey.  I am a warrior.  Blood I have shed, as have so many of the men from this clan.  Already the Great Spirit has found displeasure with me, for my innocent brothers I have murdered in my pride.  Now I must go to set matters straight with Him, to fight to save the lives of my innocent brothers who must flee before the approaching enemy, to hold in check for a day so that escape they may make.”
Shaking her head, Satawonnah argued, “The enemy will not come into this land until our Great Chief GuyWanataun passes away into his long sleep!  Whether you go or stay, this truth will not change.  Should you stay and flee north, then this child…” she pointed toward SorindaNafushie, “shall warm your bed in your old age.”  Wagging a finger, Satawonnah added, “But, should you leave with these other warriors, then ever will my bed become cold, and to your child here,” the woman extending a finger toward Son Haudenosaunez, Hootahann’s oldest child, “then, as a man, he will possess both Sorinda and her daughter, Nashie, as wives into his old age, returning to this land with their children and grandchildren to again possess it.”
With tears growing in his eyes, Hootahann confessed his inability to change what he believed must be done.  “I have to cleanse my soul of the evil done by my hand, leading the men of this city in the evil warring I have committed against my innocent brothers!  I have stolen their properties, wives and children, even their lives for selfish spoil, to atone for my wantonness in despoiling the maiden who never grew up into innocent womanhood to have a loving man open her womb.  Wicked and evil I have been, and must make amends for the evil I have done so that my spirit may one day be cleansed of this wretchedness.”
Taking his hand, Satawonnah attempted to soothe her husband’s heart.  “Many are the wicked deeds done by good men!  The Great Spirit will overlook such deeds if but one confesses them and turns around from doing them anymore!  You need not prove your righteousness by dying in a fruitless cause.  No man can buy his way to freedom from wanton acts.  It is a gift given by the Great Spirit for those who acknowledge their evil done, and then do it no more.  Long has your axe rested in your lodge from its warring.  The Great Spirit knows you have remorse over the wicked things you have done.  No more proof do you have to offer him to make it so.”
Hootahann refused to accept the things Satawonnah was telling him, stating his need to make restitution by lifting up his war club against the approaching foe.
At this, Satawonnah took the arm of Son, who had been listening, wide-eyed with wonder, to everything his father had been saying.  “Here then,” she demanded, “take this boy with you so that he will learn what a man should not become!  Let him see death and destruction to the full, so that he comes to loathe the day of his birthing.  Only a man who hates the heat of battle and mourns the loss of innocent blood can become a great chieftain of war, as this boy must become.  Teach him that death and slaughter are not things to be sought, but yet must be done when matters are to be made right.  This way, also, there will be someone among your warring people who will tell us, one day, the fate of all our brave warriors who seek the southern road.”
Son jumped up, eyes beaming with excitement.  “Yes, father!  I will not disappoint you, for brave I am and…and well learned with the bow and sling.”
Hootahann bowed his head, accepting the boy’s offer, knowing he had no other choice in the matter.  “You are a man now, and can decide the road you are to take.  Your mother has released you from her servitude, so in freedom you can choose your path.”  He looked into Son’s face.  “Even an enemy foe who is bent on your destruction is a father, a lover, a kind and gentle man to someone who loves him.  When you slaughter him, you stab his family with many wounds that do not heal.  Do you really wish to murder your fellow men, also children of the Great Spirit?”
Son jumped up and down with glee, not listening to his father’s warnings.  “To war!  To war I do go!  To save my people, I am going to war!”
Satawonnah shook a finger at Son, scolding the boy.  “Foolish is the man who spits at the Great Spirit’s feet!  For this reason, you must suffer the humiliation of the Hebrews’ Joseph until you have learned not to be so foolish!  Then, after you have become wise, you will lead many of your people to freedom beyond the western river.  Maybe then you will learn not to spit...”  Then turning to Hootahann, Satawonnah demanded, “You are to come to my bed this night, and every night until you leave this place, so that fat with child you will make me, giving me a remembrance of you in my future days.  Come, take me now, for ripe in my belly I already feel, and your seed I must have while the mood is upon me.”
As the others busied themselves, Hootahann took his wife back into the shadows of the lodge and did for her as she had requested.  For each night until he departed with the army, he did just so, so that before the winter snows melted into spring, Satawonnah’s belly was beginning to swell, Hootahann never learning that she bore him a beautiful, red-haired, blue-eyed daughter.

*    *    *

Son’s heart was nearly bursting with anxious excitement, hearing runners declaring the enemy was gathering for battle just over the rise in the valley beyond.  Up to this point, there had only been reports of some skirmishing as the grand armies of the northern clans slowly bore down on the enemy.  Four days before, Son and his father had crossed the river Ohio to its western bank, and then marched overland until stopping just above the river falls.  There they gathered their forces while waiting to move upon the enemy’s winter encampment.  Nervously clutching his short-handled, double-bladed axe, Son waited for the command to advance over the rise and take on what he believed was a far-outnumbered enemy force.
Finally, the order was given to move forward, the crunch of thousands of feet on frozen grasses crackling through the freshly fallen snow musically dancing upon the ears.  Son reached the crest of the rise in time to see the lead elements begin their running charge down the slopes toward the waiting enemy ranks.  To his right, the boy watched a whooping cavalry charge of nearly one thousand mounted warriors sweeping down upon encampments to the left of the enemy line.  The pageantry was hypnotizing in all its grandeur.  So soon this rabble would be smashed!  Too soon, Son feared, believing he would have no chance to shout a war cry while proving his manhood in combat.  He needn’t have worried.
Without warning, the field in front of the encampments sprang to life as hundreds upon hundreds of enemy warriors jumped up from concealed hiding places, many holding what looked to be long sticks, pikes maybe.  From this distance, Son could not tell for sure.  The enemy stood in three long lines, each pointing their stick toward the approaching cavalry.  There was a sudden flash of bright fire and smoke coming from the sticks that erupted across the lines of the enemy.  Instantly, the leading elements of the cavalry tumbled over or crashed headlong on a run, horses and soldiers all jumbled together, writhing upon the ground.  Seconds later, Son heard an ear-shattering rumble roll across the fields toward him.
Again and again, in only seconds, the sticks belched fire and smoke, and the world shook with a thousand thunders as Son watch his army’s gallant cavalry melt away before his eyes.  Few were the riders who made the enemy lines, and far fewer still who managed to retreat alive and uninjured.  One of the cavalry riders from the shattered charge raced wildly up the hill through the soldiers in front of Son.  He saw that the rider was one of the Bandorai.  As the woman rode by, swaying about in her saddle as if drunk, the panicked horse spurting blood from its neck, the boy saw that the woman’s arm was missing just below her shoulder and that blood ran down her face from a gaping hole in the side of her head.  The horse raced through the melee of Son’s people, disappearing over the crest of the hill.
The boy was given no time to ponder what might be happening for, at that very moment, the entire sky filled with shrieks of flaming missiles crashing down upon the people all about him.  From across the valley, more smoke filled the sky from strange barrels pointing toward the heavens, sending countless fiery missiles crashing down upon the people, exploding in deafening crescendos, delivering death and destruction.  Men were torn to pieces or tossed high into the air only to fall dead, crumpled upon the bloody snow, while bags of burning oil splattered everywhere, cast from giant catapults, consuming any and all in their raging inferno.
In only minutes, the grand, northern armies were shattered, those able running from an enemy that was now charging the field.  His heart nearly bursting with fright, Son raced back over the rise in such a panic that he did not see the dead Bandorai woman and her horse on the field, the boy falling over the bodies, sprawling headfirst into the snow.  Struggling to his feet, a new, even more terrifying sound crashed upon his ears.  Looking up, he saw giant, winged monsters painted with grotesque faces, their horses screaming the ending of the world.  Staring in stunned disbelief, the boy watched black stones dropping from these demon machines, hitting the ground, blowing huge holes in the snow, scattering death and destruction in every direction.
Hearing a whooping sound behind him, Son again took off on a run, his feet flying across the frozen ground.  Looking about him, he could see the entire army scattering like leaves before a tempest.  As he ran, the sound of explosions, screams of the wounded, and triumphant cries of the pursuing enemy filled his ears.  All he could think of was getting away.  Casting aside all his weapons, the boy sprinted toward the forest a mile or so to the north.
Son had gone little more than half the distance toward the forest when he saw an army of enemy cavalry exiting those same trees.  Crying out in anguish, the boy turned, taking flight toward the river.  In time, he came to a tiny grove of tangled fruit trees.  To his surprise, he found his father standing with a small gathering of other chieftains.  Upon seeing him, Hootahann called out for the boy to come to him, giving his son an affectionate bear hug.  He then turned back to the discussion.
It soon became apparent to Son that the chieftains were considering whether they should surrender, seeing there was no way of escaping the enemy and already so many of the army lay dead and dying upon the field.  Might the enemy have mercy on them if they should break their staffs of war and ask for a council of peace?
Heartbroken, Son watched the surviving chieftains of his and the other northern clans stand up before the advancing enemy with broken war staffs in their hands, their headdresses of feathers cast on the ground before them.  In time, the sound of horns calling a halt to the fighting was echoing across the bloodied fields.  Soon a dozen riders could be seen moving out from the enemy army in their direction.  All the chieftains bowed low, dropping their broken staffs onto the snowy field.
Son observed that two of the mounted soldiers were peculiarly dressed.  One was clothed in garments of the Southlands, but also with a cape and leggings of blue and purple.  In his hand he carried an obsidian axe, while on a belt at his side there was sheathed a very long sword.  The other man was dressed in armor covering a red shirt and kilt, his head helmed with a cascading red plume receding back along its crest.  Plaid leggings with knee-high, black riding boots and a heavy fur cape finished his attire, other than for a short, sheathed broadsword he carried at his side.
The first man smiled, making a polite bow of his head before speaking, surprisingly so in the common tongue of Son’s people.  “I am Prince Akkanattahootan, son of King Hattattayahohootan, and this…” he motioned toward the man beside him, “is General Justin Cassiodorus, a distinguished visitor from the worlds in the east.  How may I be of service to you this day?”

*    *    *

The following days raced by in a blur for Son Haudenosaunez as his northern clansmen were collected together on the western side of the river Ohio after being disarmed and often stripped of other articles, including their clothing.  They were marched into a hastily built compound of inward pointing, sharpened stakes that many of the prisoners were forced to cut and haul from the forest while others dug holes and fitted the stakes to build these low palisades around the enclosure.  Access to the river on the east remained open, permitting fresh drinking water.  Whatever available food there was came from the few haversacks the clansmen still had.  Some of the prisoners attempted to swim the icy waters to make escape.  The few who survived the swim were often killed by enemy soldiers waiting on the other side.
Conditions in the camp deteriorated quickly, the people being so tightly packed that there was little room enough to lie down on the frozen ground.  And the stench that soon arose from the living conditions became nearly unbearable.  Yet life was far more pleasant for those ignored in the compound than for the ones singled out for special attention, the few female camp followers caught up in this suffering faring the worst.  Enemy captors scoured the camp in search of women and girls.  When finding one, she would be dragged out of the compound and savagely ravaged in full view of the prisoners, her closest kinsmen forced to stand at the gate, helplessly watching their torture.  If the woman survived the ordeal, she was then taken away, her fate unknown.
As for those wounded and injured who were unable to get to the compound on their own, the enemy dispatched them on the field, often in most disgraceful and agonizing ways.  Throughout the first night and far into the following day, distant cries and screams of disabled clansmen pummeled Son’s ears.  All the while, additional prisoners were being delivered to the already overcrowded compound, living conditions growing worse by the hour.
On the fourth day, a large band of enemy warriors arrived, taking several hundred of the prisoners away with them.  All that following night, Son listened to the sound of beating drums and wild shouting that echoed back across the chilled air from the distant, lighted enemy encampments.  On the fifth day, the enemy again returned and removed another few hundred from the compound.  Again, all that night, fires burned brightly in the enemy camp, lighting up the sky, as drums loudly beat out their rhythms and shouts of jubilant voices filled the air.
Early the following morning, while the sun remained sleeping beyond the hills, Hootahann roused Son, whispering in his ear, “The Spirits have come to me in the night, saying that this day I must leave with the other chieftains of the Genesee Clans to face our conquering chiefs.  Now do for me as I am commanding you so that you might live into future days.”
Placing a hand gently over Son’s mouth so that he might not argue, Hootahann went on to explain.  “Away from me you must wander, gathering beside other, more distant clans of the Genesee people who do not know you but still speak the common tongue of our people.  No longer go by the name ‘Son Haudenosaunez’, but return to the one long ago given you at your birthing, ‘WonnahHawnataun’ (lit. little bean blossom).  To the enemy people, ‘Haudenosaunez’ is a word that is an evil omen, and they will certainly kill you should your name be revealed to them.
“What your captors’ demand of you, without question, obey in a hurry.  They may allow you to survive as a slave, alive, in their houses.  Remember, a live dog is far wiser, braver, stronger, and able than a dead cave bear, and an evening moth in flight far more powerful than a crushed and trampled thunderbird.
“Do not look upon my face again with recognition, or speak out to me at all for any reason whatsoever.   Should it be discovered that you are a son of a chieftain, they will certainly to do you what I believe has been done to the chieftains and their sons who have already been taken from here.  The smell of death fills my nostrils and my visions see only ruination for those who lead our people.”  Removing his hand, Hootahann asked, “Do you understand the things I have spoken?  If not, please say it to me now.”
Son nodded, saying that he did.
“Good,” his father replied.  “There is one more matter that I must warn you about.  Do not forget it!  You are a very smart young man, more so than many of the other young men.  You cannot allow the enemy to see this in you, for fearful of you they may well become if detecting such great intelligence in one of their slaves, and you they will smite down.  Be the good and faithful servant, always willing to learn what your master wishes you to, but never more.  Look not in the eye of your master, but always at his feet unless he commands otherwise.  Never glance upon the face or form of a woman in your master’s house, for surely he will punish you severely for it.  Secretly learn all that you might about your enemy, discovering his strengths and weaknesses.  Do this by making your enemy comfortable with you, like a puppy makes its master comfortable.  Always smile and act joyously when in company with your enemy.  Sing cheerful songs full of mirth and pleasant words.  Do not harbor resentment or seek revenge against the one opposing you.  Act carefree and contented at all times.  Do not cry, but laugh when pain is upon your heart.  Sing merry tunes when the dirge is heavy in your soul.
“If you do these things, then in the days when the Earth Mothers return to us, you will be a man grown full in wisdom and knowledge to the extreme.  In that day, you will lead our people back to their inheritance, so that the clans of the Genesee will once again play upon the shores of the river that has given life to all mankind.”  Hootahann kissed Son on the forehead and got up, disappearing into the darkness.

That morning, after the sun had risen above the eastern hills, enemy soldiers again came to the compound, taking away with them all the chiefs and clansmen of the Genesee tribes.  They were marched two miles toward the enemy encampment and stopped just outside a newly built palisade.  Greeting them was an aged priest from the Southlands along with several priestly, male assistants.
The prisoners were lined up into two long rows, the old priest slowly walking down along one row and up the other, closely examining each of the prisoners.  At each person, he would have one of his priestly assistants take a brush dipped with a white milky paste or a red ocher, and have a large white cross or red circle painted on the forehead of the prisoner.  When he finally came to Son, the old priest paused, pulling down the boy’s lower eyelids and opening his mouth to look at his teeth.  Smiling, he motioned, nodding at his attendant who painted a white cross upon Son’s forehead.
When the old priest was finished, a band of warriors arrived, pushing and shoving the marked prisoners into two groups.  The ones having the red circles were herded through the opened gate of the palisade while the others, with the white crosses painted on them, were marched away toward the enemy encampment to be hustled into another, much smaller enclosure, a heavy gate being shut behind them.
Throughout the night Son, now calling himself ‘WonnahHawnataun’, stomped about the compound, shivering, getting very little sleep.  His captors had left the boy with little more than a thin, flaxen shirt and torn leggings, besides a loincloth to protect him from the ever inclement weather.  He believed for sure that he was to freeze to death soon.  This was bad enough, but the boy was famished, having little other than water to drink over the past several days, and none since arriving at the new compound.  This, combined with an incessant drumming and festive noise-making carried on all night in the camp, nearly made the boy scream in anguish.
Early the next morning, the compound’s gate was again opened.  Instead of receiving any food or water, as Son had hoped there might be, angry-looking soldiers began shouting at them in a strange tongue, all the while motioning threateningly with their spears for the prisoners to leave the compound.  As Son nearly stumbled while hurrying through the gate, a soldier having curtly shoved him as he passed by, the boy glanced up to see another group of prisoners huddling together, all with white crosses painted on their foreheads, waiting to be ushered into the enclosure.
After leaving the compound, Son and the others were marched through the encampment toward the center greens or square.  There the men were divided up into smaller groups and moved to different parts of the square.  After this was done, the two dozen or so people Son was with were hustled over to the edge of the green and each given a small morsel of meat and bread to eat, as well as an open tankard of water to drink.  This wooden cup had a long string attached to its handle for the prisoner’s necessary personal uses.
During this respite, other men entered the square, dressed in odd patchworks of mismatched furs and worn clothing.  Two of the men were pulling a large, wheeled cart filled with furs and garments.  From the color of their skin and gaunt appearance, these ‘domestics’ as Son later learned the camp slaves were called, must have come from the southern nations earlier taken hostage by their captors.  Again, the soldiers began shouting and badgering Son and the others to get to their feet, driving them off toward the cart.  There, the domestics indiscriminately grabbed furs, skins, and garments, shoving them into the arms of the waiting prisoners.
When each prisoner had received an armful of articles, the group was returned to the edge of the square.  A soldier came over with a leather shoulder bag, pointing at it while shouting something incoherent.  He then took out some flints and long, bone needles from the bag before tossing it and them on the ground.  Pointing at the articles, he again began a shouting tirade.  When no one moved, he angrily spat, calling to one of the domestics to come over.  The domestic fearfully nodded, bending low, taking up the bag and other items.
“Make this,” the domestic ordered, the man knowing little else of Son’s language.  With signs and motions, the domestic explained what the prisoners were to do.  For the next several hours, Son and the others made leather bags for themselves, along with making or fitting winter garments, footwear and mittens.  Any leftover materials were placed in their shoulder bags for later use, the flints and needles collected by the domestic, placed in the original bag, and handed back to the soldier.  When this was finished, Son and the others were marched away from the square and through the encampment toward a large hill beyond the western side of the army encampment.
Walking through the freshly fallen snow, Son watched the quiet bustle going on high up the steep-sided hill.  Approaching it, he looked up to see several priestly attendants busily scrubbing three large, stone benches atop a platform that others were sweeping water from, so that it flowed down the narrow rock steps descending the front and sides of the hill.  Several more people, appearing also to be prisoners, were busy working at the base of the side stairs, digging heavy sacks out of the snow and carrying them away.  Son puzzled.  What was this place, a signal tower, or possibly a shaman’s throne?
A soldier shoved the man behind Son, hurrying the group along.  He shook his spear, pointing toward the base of the front stairs, shouting some unintelligible commands at them.  Looking down at the bottom of the long, rock staircase, the boy saw what looked to be piles of rubbish covered with snow.  Puzzling over what this might be all about, he studied the scattered, jumbled piles until, to his shock and horror, Son realized this was not refuse, but scores upon scores of human bodies!
A collective gasp rose from the men and boys as they comprehended what they were seeing.  The soldier in charge of the prisoners screamed abuses at them, whipping the nearest prisoner with the side of his spear shaft.  “Get to Work!  Get to work!” he screamed in the broken speech of Son’s people.  “Get to work or I kill!  I kill!”  The soldier stepped up to Son, pushing him so that the boy nearly fell.  “Get to work!” he screamed again.  “Like them!  Like them!” the soldier demanded, pointing the tip of his spear at the men working on one side of the hill.  “Like them!” he screamed again.
Remembering his father’s warning, Son jumped forward to do the task at hand, calling for the others to do the same.  This helped break their spell of panicked indecision, the others following Son, who was now digging into the snow to retrieve a body buried there.  The corpse was naked, a hole in the man’s chest where his heart had been, and his throat was slit.  Son chewed his tongue in anguish, recognizing the man to have been one of their Genesee chieftains.  His heart instantly filled with dread, hoping that his father was not lying here with the other dead.  Calling for help, Son picked up the dead chieftain by his arms while another boy about his same age gathered the man up by the legs.  Soon there were six bodies being carried away by the work detail toward what appeared to be a dug pit with several tents surrounding it.
Before reaching the pit, their captor-soldier directed them down a narrow pathway, a long row of tents on either side.  The horrendous things experienced at the base of the hill were nothing compared to what he witnessed here, his stomach churning over and over, the boy repeatedly forcing bile down his throat.  True, as he expected, and would later see for himself, the dug pit was a place for the disposal of the bodies…that is, what parts of the bodies that were of no value to this invading host.  Attempting not to look at the ghastly carnage going on all about them, with tears running down his face, Son continued to carry the dead chieftain along the rows of tents until directed to stop.
Waiting there was a muscular, bare-armed domestic who shouted for the boys to bring the dead man over to him.  After driving two hooks into the slain chieftain’s shanks, the man had the boys assist him as they pulled on ropes, lifting the body up as one does a dead game animal.  He then picked up a large flint knife while dismissing Son and the other boy, the two hurrying away as quickly as possible, but not before hearing the heavy chopping of the knife on ribs and the splat of innards falling to the ground.
Again and again, Son and his companion scurried back and forth with the bodies they would collect at the hill, delivering them to the various tents down that same path earlier taken.  Son began to practice the glazing trick where he would only focus on what he needed to, not clearly seeing the other gruesome things going on about him.  Still, he saw enough to give him nightmares for many months.
The sun was sinking in the western sky by the time the last of the bodies was removed from the base of the rock stairs.  As Son cleared the snow away from the one remaining corpse he was to move that day, the boy realized the man was his father.  Fighting back tears while clenching his teeth to keep from crying aloud, he finished brushing the snow away.  In doing so, the boy noticed that his father still wore his earring, given him by his wife, Satawonnah.  In a flash, so that no others might see, Son swept the earring away while also taking several strands of his father’s long hair.  When opportunity arose, he stuffed them in his leather bag.
After assisting with hanging his father up, doing the same as they had with all the other dead bodies, Son and his companion were assigned to removing the unwanted remains of the dead to the pit for burial.  As bad as this task was, Son was relieved not to be doing the things some of the others in his company were.
After the bodies had been prepared, the skins stacked up for tanning, and the heads, hands, and feet removed, the remains of the human carcasses were delivered to other domestics for trimming the flesh from the bones.  The choicest pieces of flesh were later roasted for the soldiers to eat, while the tougher, more sinewy, pieces were cut in long strips to be dried over smoldering fires.  As for the hands, feet, ribs, and other meat bones… they were boiled in giant, earthen stew pots to be eaten by the prisoners and domestics.
Unused body parts and bones were unceremoniously dumped into the earthen pit.  For Son, though, as he carried the remains of his kinsmen away from the butcher tents, the boy pretended that he was in a grand funeral procession, delivering these brave warriors to their hallowed resting place.  Indeed, there was to come a time in far distant, future years that Son would return to this place to level the temple hill and raise a giant mound over the remains of his father and other great chieftains and warriors of the Genesee.
Son’s work detail was not returned to the compound that evening, but remained near the deep, earthen pit.  That night, drums beat loudly and the encampment sounded again with raucous tumult.  The following day, after receiving their ration of meat and bread, Son and the others were hurried off to collect bodies along the sides of what the boy now realized was a temple hill.  The bodies found along the sides were of the common warrior or of the few women camp followers who had been sacrificed to the captors’ gods.  Later in the morning, a work crew of men and boys that arrived at the compound the day before as he and the other prisoners from the Genesee clans were leaving, was sent out to collect bodies below the front steps.  Son supposed that the slaughtered chieftains of their clans were laying there, this act of the disposing of their leaders being a sort of special punishment for their clansmen.

Over the next several days, Son and those with him worked about the temple and tents, carrying out a variety of tasks assigned them until the prison camp at the river was emptied.  Son succeeded in keeping away from the duties of butchering and cutting up the flesh of his fellow warriors by timing his activities in a way to make him too early or late to be given that assignment.  He also abstained from eating any meat provided them by their task masters, believing it to be the holy flesh of his fellow kindred.  For Son, the eating of human flesh was a repulsive thing in the eyes of the Great Spirit.  He would often trade it for bread or vegetables when possible, or toss it into the pit if opportunity afforded.  A few of the others in his group would do the same, going hungry instead of consuming the flesh of their brothers.  Many though, had no reservations regarding the matter, saying their brothers were providing life’s nourishment to them, the same as they would do if alive and saw them in need.  Son did not argue.  In time, he took to eating grubs, insects, and worms to satisfy a hungry belly, something that refreshed his soul and spirit.
When the grizzly duties at the butcher camps were concluded, Son’s work gang was among those sent under armed guard to scouring the countryside for any of the un-gathered slain, delivering back to the pits whatever human and animal remains might still be found on the sullied field.  While this was being done, other work crews cut down trees and gathered wood that was thrown into the earthen pit.  After all the remains of the slain had been placed in the pit, a giant fire was set that blazed hot for four days.  Later, Son and the other prisoners took wooden spades and stone picks, filling in the pit and covering over the charred remains of their slain kindred.

By the time the river Ohio was free of its winter ice, and the army of the Southlands was again on its move north, Son was far away to the southwest, along the river Aosolagessa.  No longer did he have to suffer the horrors of the butcher tents, now being given over to hard labor, including building the mounds and fortifications for the southern conqueror.
Over the next six years, as the Southland warlords marched ever forward in their conquest of the north, Son would follow along behind the advancing armies, building encampments, fortifications, and even working as a shipwright, repairing damaged ships.  All the way from the river Aosolagessa to the eastern shores of the Atlantean Sea and north to the freshwater seas, he would journey.  Finally, after the last of the northern strongholds had fallen, Son was returned to the river Ohio region to continue laboring as a domestic slave for his southern conquerors.

(Author’s note… There was one particular event that happened during these earlier years that might explain why the southern armies of Prince Akkanattahootan’s did not invade far into the western interior, beyond the river Aosolagessa, as was told in later years by Son Haudenosaunez to his children…

‘It was on a hot afternoon in late summer, as the seasons went in the western territories, when Prince Akkanattahootan’s son, Teptiaahhootan, led his army of ten thousand infantry and seven hundred cavalry across the river Aosolagessa to its western banks on an expedition of conquest.  He also intended to rid the region of the nuisance raiders who continually harassed the southern settlements along the western shores of that same river.  For a fortnight, his army advanced into the very heartland of the western territories, despoiling scattered villages along the way while taking many captives.
Now, in the great fires that descended from the heavens and rose from the ever-depths, in the days when Chief Joshawnataun had been hidden away in Eden’s caves, a ruination came to all the forested lands beyond the river Aosolagessa so that very few trees remained alive throughout the land.  In time, tall fields of grasses covered the hills and valleys where the majestic oak, pine, and other forest trees had once ruled.  Into this world came the giant, four-legged people that herded together in numbers so large that they could not be counted.  Their two-legged brothers learned to respect these four-legged people with long, shaggy manes and frightful, horned faces, watching and listening for their arrival, and not building where these people might roam. 
Teptiaahhootan did not understand the ways of the four-legged people who resided in the open lands of the western world, nor did he respect their power and dignity.  So he marched his army ever onward, through the tall sea of grasses, the summer sun having dried them brown.  Teptiaahhootan’s enemies understood well their four-legged brothers and how they would journey through these vast seas of grasses on their seasonal meanderings.  So, with the southern army ever in pursuit, further and further into the western grass ocean they retreated, waiting for their four-legged brethren to return.
It came about on the evening of the fifteenth day since leading his army west that dry, heated winds that had been blowing all day from the direction of the sun’s setting carried on them the smell of burning fires as though the army was approaching an encampment of many thousands of people.  Concerned, Teptiaahhootan ordered a halt, sending out cavalry scouts, waiting for them to report back before moving the army forward.  As he stood by his horse, studying the growing haze in the western sky, the smell of smoke was intensifying, but it was not smoke that would prove to be his greatest concern.
A soldier suddenly shouted that a rider was coming in hard.  Soon, a panicked horseman came wildly charging into camp, his ashen face and terror-filled eyes reflecting approaching calamity.  Before the man could reach Teptiaahhootan, after jumping from his horse, Teptiaahhootan felt a silent shaking coming up into his feet, growing into a terrible quaking.  Another rider tore out of the high grasses, screaming as he raced past the startled people, “Run!  Run!  The gods deliver Hell upon us!” then quickly disappeared beyond the crowd of confused infantry, riding his mount as if to death to escape the coming wrath of the gods.
Looking back to the west, Teptiaahhootan watched rising clouds of dust filling the landscape from horizon to horizon.  Then he heard it…rumbling thunder that rose up from the ground, exploding into a deafening cacophony of insane madness.  Trepidation welling up in his heart, the commander leaped onto his mount.  As he turned it about, the man glanced back over his shoulder.  Racing out of the cloud was the most terrifying sight he ever witnessed.  From his saddle, Teptiaahhootan stared out at a heaving, flooding, black mass of giant, wild beasts, like a sea stretching out in every direction beyond sight.
He screamed at his soldiers to flee…something that was unnecessary.  Those who were not dumbstruck, frozen where they stood, had turned to escape, but it was to no avail.  Like a raging tsunami, endless herds of the four-legged beast people struck, stampeding over, through and past Teptiaahhootan’s terrified army, fires started by the enemy driving the beasts on in their insane passion to outrun the approaching inferno.  It took two days before the great herd passed by the place where Teptiaahhootan and most of his army perished under the beasts’ pounding hooves. 
Only a handful of Teptiaahhootan’s cavalry survived to reach the eastern banks of the river Aosolagessa, their story so profound, no one would believe them.  When no further news was received from Teptiaahhootan, another expeditionary force was sent out to find the commander and his army.  Little was recovered other than a scattering of broken shields, weapons, and an occasional tattered garment.  So trampled was the earth by the countless numbers of beasts, it was as if the army had merely melted away, no human or animal remains ever being found.
Never again did Akkanattahootan attempt another invasion of the western ranges, the people escaping there remaining unmolested for the remainder of his life.  So fearful was he of these demon gods that made the world shake in their madness, he abandoned many of his western settlements and relocated them back on the eastern side of the river Aosolagessa.’)

*   *   *

“WonnahHawnataun!  WonnahHawnataun!”  A young woman-child came running from a tiny lodge, her arms opened wide and tears streaming down her face.
Answering her call, Son stopped and turned his attention to the girl as she ran toward him.  He had just returned from his thirty days of forced labor under the hand of the ‘southern host’, as his people called their task masters.  The young man asked, concerned at seeing the young woman’s distraught condition, “Semoonah, I am here.  What is troubling you so?”
The woman-child, Semoonah, stopped, clasping Son’s hand, her tears gushing.  “Soldiers…soldiers came last yester-eve and took my brother, Kraksunnakaha, away into the darkness.  I dread they have not treated him well.  I fear he is dead!”
Son’s face clouded with consternation and sadness, knowing the fate of those taken from the camps by the southern soldiers.  The old and sickly?  Ha!  No one grew old in these camps.  When a person could no longer do the work assigned, they were taken away to the temple priests, their hearts to be offered on the altar as a pleasing odor to their gods, and their flesh used to satisfy the hunger of the domestic slaves living in their cities.  Kraksunnakaha had been injured two weeks before when he fell from a scaffold, his condition crippling so that he had remained bedridden these many days since.
Frustration over being helpless flooded Son, his heart so wishing to go in pursuit of his close friend.  But he knew in his head that Kraksunnakaha was probably already dead.  The temple festival drums had been beating for the past six days, with three more evenings to go before the summer harvest celebrations would be completed.  Even if his friend was still alive, there would be no possible way Son could manage the fellow’s escape.  And where would they make escape to should he manage Kraksunnakaha’s freedom?
As Akkanattahootan went on, completing his conquest east of the river Aosolagessa, he eventually gathered the captured people into village compounds garrisoned by southern soldiers.  There the enslaved people were permitted to care for their own needs, planting gardens and building huts and lodges to reside in.  The southern host demanded conscripted laborers to build their roads, cities, and great religious edifices, a certain number of captives required to gather to their camps to slave at whatever task for one month.  The women suffered greater humiliation by being forced to service the desires of the soldiers in the evenings while toiling at their other duties during the day.  For this reason, there came to be several children among Son’s people sired by southern soldiers.
Semoonah was one such child.  Few friends did she have in this village, the people shunning the children of their ‘demon overlords’, even acting threateningly toward her so that at times the girl feared for her life.  Her half brother, Kraksunnakaha, had been her protector and close companion.  Now she was all alone, with no one left to care for or protect her, her mother long ago taken away, never to be seen again.
Peering into Semoonah’s troubled face, Son told her to gather up her things and come to his lodge.  “Tonight I will tell the people that you have become my wife and that I will not tolerate any disrespect displayed against one who has become my flesh.  Now do this quickly, for I fear the soldiers may soon return, because there are yet three days for their blood celebration.  Should you remain alone, without family, the other people in your lodge may tell the soldiers to take you along for their celebration, as these villagers have done before with others of your kind when there was no protector for them.”
Semoonah lowered her head, tears streaming down her face.  “A maiden I no longer am, but taken by the men of the city I have been during my last servitude, and with child I am.  I will not trouble the spirit of a good man as you are to take this whore child into your tent!”
Son would not hear of it, demanding she go with him.  “The child is also yours, is it not?  Should you and I not love a child of the Great Spirit, for all the children are his?  Now go quickly and gather up your things, and tell no one of your pregnancy.  I will claim the child as mine when your belly betrays you to the world.  So fear not the people’s condemnation.”
Semoonah’s reply carried a note of despair, asking, concerned, “But will your wife, Miryam, not spit in my face for threatening her position by your fire?  And how will the others of your lodge accept me, a foreigner among your own kind, my father an unknown southern soldier and my mother a child of the Norse traders?”
Son took hold of Semoonah’s arms, shaking his head.  “Miryam knows that her husband does whatever he must to preserve the lives of his people, and she will accept you into our family as a sister, understanding who you are.  The sire of my wife was son of a Hebrew clansman and her mother was a Scot whose family came from across the Atlantean waters in the eastern isles.  One blood, one soul, and one life you will share with us.  Now go quickly.  Speak no more of this.”
Bowing her head, Semoonah backed away, running into her lodge to gather up what few possessions she might have.  In short order, she returned, following Son to his lodge.
That evening, after the campfire was lit, Son approached the people gathered there, declaring his marriage to Semoonah.  Few spoke concerning the matter.  None congratulated him, knowing the extreme burden he was placing upon his shoulders, the woman he had chosen to share his lodge being a ‘whore-child foreigner’, sired by a hated, southern soldier.  Still, none spoke harshly against Son’s choice, the man having become a highly respected person in the village.
Already, Son stood up to take Miryam’s turn at service duties for the overlords.  Now he would also do the same for his new wife, carrying her burden of service as well.  This would mean many added months of hard, slavish labor, digging, fetching, carrying, and building under the whip of a ruthless taskmaster, this besides all his other responsibilities of seeing to his families’ needs and welfare.  True, there were a small number of men who did the same for wife or daughter, but to do this for a foreigner, a bastard child of the enemy?  This was unheard of among his people.

The remainder of summer and fall were extremely arduous for Son.  Without Miryam’s stalwart support, he might well have failed in his quest to protect and care for his growing family.  Never did she permit Semoonah to be by herself when working in the gardens or gathering wood or nutty fruits in the forest, knowing the danger the young woman might be in should she be found alone outside the village compound.  Rape and murder were common when a slave woman was found alone in the field by wandering soldiers or roving bands of domestics out in search of sport.  Should the woman be an outcast, bastard child, the likelihood of her fellow villagers coming to her aid was slight.
The person called a ‘foreigner’ by the enslaved peoples was someone having been sired by men from the Southlands or the dark-skinned people who were considered long-time squatters in territories to the south that Son’s clansmen believe once belonged to them.  The male foreigner was often viewed differently than his female counterpart, because of his manly strength and stamina, which contributed to the village’s worth in the eyes of the slave masters.
On the other hand, female foreigners were the lowest of the low, often discarded by their mothers at birth, who saw such offspring as abominations of the belly.  If the mother did not do such a thing with a female foreigner, her husband would often abandon her, driving her from his lodge after killing the baby, himself.  Those females who did survive birth and were permitted to grow up among the villagers suffered countless abuses at the hands of the other clansmen in the village.  There was no punishment meted out for any form of violence a foreigner might receive from a ‘clansman’…a term used to distinguish the slaves from the foreigners.  The foreigners and, often, their mothers, were the first to be handed over to the soldiers when they came searching for people to deliver up to the priests.
Son found this practice to be disgusting and degrading, and had become the most vocal dissident in his village regarding the matter.  He was so persuasive when speaking at the fire and so adamant in defending the foreigner in his camp that the people of his village listened to his voice, permitting the mothers and their daughters of rape to remain unmolested to the point of sharing in the food rations distributed by the villagers.  In Son’s lodge, all men and women were accepted as one and equal, each one having a voice around its fire, and all being cared for as if brothers and sisters.
It was not surprising to find that, as this attitude of community strengthened in Son’s village, the people also grew healthy in body and mind as well.  Son’s instructions to the younger men on how to act toward their captors, by showing a willingness to do what was demanded of them, even if it might seem demeaning or possibly dangerous, eased the number of strokes received by the slave master’s whip, these men, in time, gaining a reputation for being fine, willing, and trusted workers.
This did not go unnoticed by the chieftains among the taskmasters over the slaves.  As those years of servitude progressed, several of the slave men from Son’s village were introduced into the trades, to apprentice under the direction of skilled, southern craftsmen.  A few of these men would be taken from the village along with their wives and little ones, and be brought into the cities to become domestics…servants of the ruling classes, gentry, or military officers.

It came about that, by Son’s twenty-first year of enslaved servitude, the overlords had long ago stopped sending soldiers to Son’s village to deliver people up to the temple priests, and the taskmasters did not arrive to drive the people to work.  Instead, they sent conscription obligations that the villagers were required to fill.
Soldiers no longer guarded the village or patrolled the roads round about, preventing any risk of escape.  Where was there to flee, anyway?  The southern host controlled all the world from the Aosolagessa river system in the west to the Atlantean Sea in the east.  All the territories were conquered domain, those peoples not dispossessed from their villages and lands forced to pay tribute to the host, all the while the host maintaining garrisons in those regions.
Besides, maintaining a large invasion force standing at arms was expensive even for rich and powerful nations, and impractical also when only a much smaller army of occupancy was needed.  For the most part, the invading soldiers had long since departed for home, leaving behind more of a heavily armed police force that was largely controlled and paid for by the local administrative municipality or city-state that established many of its own laws and regulations while paying duties and giving lip service to the southern king.  It was the responsibility of the king’s son, Prince Akkanattahootan, to exercise control over these city-states so that their loyalty continued toward their king.
The truth of the matter was that, as in the south, the priestly order held the real power over the people.  The center of that power was concentrated in the Southlands, the occupied territories seen by the king-priest and other religious leaders as merely sources of revenue, gold, silver, copper, human slaves and sacrificial offerings…but especially for grains and other foodstuffs.  Over the past several years, since the invasion into the north, the Southlands had been suffering from unusually cold and wet weather, reducing the yields of their basic crops.  Because of this, King-priest Hattattayahohootan had focused his attention on growing grains in the newly occupied Northlands where the soil was rich for raising corn, a staple for his people.  Every year, countless loads of dried corn were shipped south, across Lake Tecatucutan, to offset the Southland’s meager crop harvest.  Without those deliveries, the population would soon be starving.
It had been for this primary reason that King Hattattayahohootan’s son, Prince Akkanattahootan, did not return to the Southlands after his conquest was completed.  Establishing the capital city of his vassal kingdom along the lower river Aosolagessa, King Hattattayahohootan was able, through his son, to maintain watchful control over his extensive domain.  This also kept the prince at arm’s length, away from the king’s throne, reducing any fear of an attempted coup by him, the king’s other sons also staying in line, fearing Prince Akkanattahootan’s vengeance should another person try to steal what he saw as his rightful, coming inheritance.
So it was that the city-state that ruled over the region of the river Ohio where Son’s village was located received its wealth and glory from the rich harvest of its many varieties of corn.  Some stalks stood as tall as ten cubits high with two, and sometimes three, ears as long as a man’s forearm.  In the fall, scores upon scores of southern ships would queue up along the river banks to fill their holds with this precious commodity.  To maintain these vast fields of grain…preparing the soil, planting, growing, and harvesting the grain…required countless, strong, healthy hands to do the laborious work.  For this reason, the magistrates over the city-state needed a slave population that was healthy in body and spirit, so that all the necessary work could be accomplished, treating them more as they would their domestic servants.
It was during this period of time when Son entered into his thirty-sixth summer since his birthing.  The night found him walking alone among the forest trees, talking to the Great Spirit, something he often did when evening chores were finished and the hour for sleep not yet come.  Tonight, the burden of his heart was especially heavy, his concern for family and fellow villagers troubling his thoughts.  In four days, the ‘Celebration of the Green Corn’ was beginning.  For seven days, the people of the city would gather to the high temples to thank their gods for the wonderful crops given them, the priests’ blood sacrifices lasting from morning until night for those many days.  Hundreds of slaves from the surrounding villages would be gathered to those temple altars and be bled, their hearts torn from bodies and later eaten in joyous festivities of praise to the demon gods.
It was the practice of the city’s administrators to have all the slaves residing in the city and houses outside their villages to return to their own people the night before the green corn celebration and remain there until the festivities were concluded.  This was done because they did not want any of the ‘unclean’ to have a share in this grand festival to their most prominent of gods.  But, more importantly, by gathering all the slaves together in their villages, it made the work of selecting the festival sacrifices easier for the priests.
Four years had it been since Son’s village was visited by the priests, the people having such a fine reputation for faithful service to the host that their taskmasters interceded in their behalf, making request that the priests pass them by.  Rumors spoke that things were different this time around.  There was a new magistrate who listened more to the priests than he did the taskmasters.  Besides this, elders from other villages had made complaint they were being treated unfairly because they were forced to compensate for the number of sacrificial slaves not being taken from Son’s village.
So it was rumored, to satisfy the numerous complaints, that this season, the priests were going to come and take from Son’s village the number of slaves needed to make up for the years there had not been a visit paid upon them.  An especially large number of sacrifices it would be this year, seeing that the green corn festival was to include a celebration of the completion of the Great Serpent Mound, a temple built in the form of the host’s greatest deity.  Son feared there would be none of his clansmen left alive, other than those strong and healthy for forced labor.
Son peered into the starry skies, beseeching the Great Spirit, determined the road he was going to take.  “To the voice of my father I have listened and obeyed, but now your child has no strength or insight left within him!  Please forgive your child, for I no longer wish to hide my name from the demon priests, for I cannot live with the anguish should my people be taken away to be despoiled upon the altars of evil gods!”  At that, he fell forward onto the ground and began to weep, eventually drifting off into a deep sleep.

It was sometime in the early morning hours, when the sun turns the eastern skies to charcoal gray, yet the world all around remains moonless and dark, that Son was roused by the sound of footfall on the dry, summer moss.  Opening his eyes, the man looked up to see the shadowy form of a fearsome, female warrior, feet spread, standing near him in the woods.  Pushing up and back until he was sitting on his knees, Son stared, dumbstruck, at a woman all aglow in the ghostly green of the oaken fungus, her hair shining silver-white like a winter moon.  The woman’s loins were wrapped in the fur of the mountain wolf, and she wore a cape covering her shoulders from the four legged-beast people.  In her right hand was held a long spear and in her left was held a lamp that burned deathly red.
Believing the person to be one of the Bandorai witches, Son cried out in fear that he was no enemy, but a person of the Genesee clans.  “Please bring no harm to this man, for to arms with your sisters has this man walked to war when a young boy!  I am not one of your opponents!”
The woman told Son to stand up.  “I have journeyed across jagged skies to speak with a great chieftain, not a sniffling boy!  Are you not Son Haudenosaunez, who has troubled my Lord to the point of distraction over such trivial matters so that he has sent his daughter to see why the puppy is yelping in the darkness?!”
Standing erect, Son gathered his courage, answering, “Oh, goddess daughter of the Great Spirit, this puppy has not whimpered over his own soul, for fear of death he does not have.  It is for his people that he yips to the annoyance of the Creator of all things.  No power remains in this puppy’s hands to prevent ruination of the children of the Genesee and those who reside with them in their lodges.  Soon the demon priests will arrive to take away the lives and spirits of those who have not bowed down to their gods and have not eaten the sacrificial flesh of their brothers.  Only can the Great Spirit, if he wills, deliver this people from certain death!”
The woman stepped forward until she stood face to face with Son.  Smiling, she released her grip on the spear, taking Son’s hand.  “Please, do not call me ‘goddess daughter’ again, but ‘Sodasonie’.  ‘Sodasonie, White Buffalo Woman’, I am.  Call me ‘Sodasonie’, your sister from the Upper Worlds.”
Sodasonie softly stroked Son’s face, her smile fading into sadness.  “One day, you and I will stand side by side, turning the rivers red with the blood of the good and wicked, the innocent and guilty, the weak and the strong.  And then…”
Seeing Sodasonie’s hesitation, Son asked, “And then what?  Is there more I must know?”
Looking into his eyes, Sodasonie answered, her voice filled with remorse, “So much have I come to love you, watching over your soul since you nursed at your mother’s breasts.  In the ending days, your spirit and mine will ride together in chariots of fire across the jagged skies to find all the reasons why.  You will refresh my spirit in life, but your future seed may well deliver me to ruin and death.  Yet, that is the way it must be, if the universe is to be cured.”  She spoke no more of the matter.
Grasping her spear once more, Sodasonie turned to the issue at hand.  “The Great Spirit has listened to your voice and has sent me to show you the way of escape.  If you will do everything you are told to do, then not one of those who listen to your voice, from old man to the foreigner in your lodge will come to harm.  All will leave as one blood and one soul.”
“Yes!  Yes!” Son cried.  “Whatever you request, even up to my dying to save my people, I will do!”
“Die you will not!  The Great Spirit has declared it so, at least not at this wretched time!”  Sodasonie exclaimed.  “But like your forefather of old, you will deliver your people out of slavery into freedom.”
Son puzzled, “I do not understand this at all, for who in my clan of the Genesee rescued his people from slavery?”
Sodasonie’s eyes twinkled in the darkness.  “Oh, many are the kings and chieftains who have given their living blood to deliver you to this hour.  Do you not remember your own history told to you by your great grandmother, she being daughter of a Hebrewess and a German come from Roman stock?  That Hebrewess was a child born from the line of kings who ruled over the old Hebrew nation for many generations, her forefather, the last of that line, surrendering up his soul for all people, great and small.  Long has the Great Spirit played upon the beds of your forebears down to your very birthing.  Now you are to do your part and, in future days, open the womb of a virgin woman-child who, for her part, will carry that same seed on into future times.
“Your very name calls people to salvation…‘Haudenosaunez’.  ‘Haudenosaunez’…it is a name I gave to the people who stood upon the funeral pyre of your ancestress, mother to the founder of your world, Meric, his father also being sire to Meric’s wife, your Earth Mother and ancestress, Queen Monacan.  To your Earth Mother, even before her birthing, I gave the name ‘Haudenosaunez’, along with the others who stood upon that pyre so many ages ago.  Haudenosaunez means ‘Children of the Temple Blood…One Blood’, or as your people say, ‘Children of the Long Moot Hall’.
“Fear not, then, for your people.  You are Son Haudenosaunez, child of the Children of the Temple Blood…One Blood.  To you it has been granted to gather together the sons and daughters of the Haudenosaunez who stood upon the burning pyre that day so long ago, and bring them into the shining light of freedom’s future days through your coming seed.  Already, the seed from the Haudenosaunez that is to deliver men from death into life has long ago arrived, paving the road for the seed yet to come…the one who will deliver all men into freedom’s glory.”
She tenderly kissed Son on the cheek.  “Other tales that I will tell you must wait until coming days when the blood grape wine we do share, when into my world you will one day come.  But this one thing I tell you now.  The blood of the entire world of men flows through you and the virgin woman-child who waits for your seed.  Children of all men…both the evil and righteous…you two are, so father and mother to the one who will deliver darkness or light upon the universe, you and she are to become.”
Handing him the lantern, Sodasonie took Son’s other hand, leading him along.  “Now listen, please, to all that I have to say so that your village people, great and small, children of the Haudenosaunez…my children…we will rescue from slavery into freedom.”

In the evening hours the following day, Son gathered all the elders, both men and women, to the open campfire that burned brightly in the center of his village, to explain to his people all the things White Buffalo Woman had commanded the people should do.  He held up the lantern, still glowing bright, blood red.  “This is a sign to you that all I speak is truth, and anyone who does the things White Buffalo Woman has commanded will get away safe, beyond the far, western river.  This lantern I will hang tonight upon a post at the entrance gate of our village.  On the morrow, and the next, and the next, do not permit any of your people to leave the village for water, food, or to gather firewood, or for any purpose whatsoever.  Only tonight, in the darkness of the moon, before I hang upon the post this lantern, go and fetch whatever you may need for three days and nights.”  All the elders bowed their heads, believing everything Son told them, seeing the spirit of the White Buffalo Woman aglow in his eyes.
So, that night, before Son hung the red lantern upon the post at the entrance gate of their village, all those able-bodied and willing went out and gathered into the village everything needed to last them three days and nights.  Then they hid themselves in their lodges, preparing for what Son told them would be sudden flight.

Around the middle of the following day…the city being over three leagues from the village…the priests with their attendants and military escort arrived at its gate, but did not enter.  Instead, the head priest among them asked where all the people were.  “Did you not command them to remain in the village this day for their inspection?” he asked one of his attendants.
The attendant bowed politely, his face filled with consternation.  “Yes, my Gracious One, I sent runners to all the villages, telling them to prepare for this day.  To this village in particular I sent them, saying to tell the people to prepare their virgin daughters and young boys for, from among them we were going to choose our sacrifices, in order to offer up their spirits to our serpent god.”
“Then where are all the people?” the head priest demanded.  “Not one has been seen upon the roads by the other villagers.”  He became sarcastic.  “Tell me, has the ground swallowed them up, or the serpent already eaten them to his fill?!”
The attendant offered the only possible answer.  “Maybe they have misunderstood and gone into the fields to work.  The maize is very high and little could be seen of them if they have gone far into it.”
“Then go looking for them!” the head priest snorted.  “Tomorrow we will return.  Make sure you have found the people by then.”
The attendant bowed low and, with the other attendants and some of the soldiers, hurried off to find the missing villagers.

On the following day, about the same time as the day before, the head priest arrived again at the gate of Son’s village but, as he had done before, did not pass through the gate and enter the village.  Again, seeing no one there, he angrily called his attendant, asking what this was all about.  “Has the earth swallowed them all again this day, too?  Or did you speak untruths to me regarding them this last night?!”
The attendant stared into the empty compound, dumbfounded.  “My Lord, wandered the fields all the day we did, and not one person did we find, searching until evening was upon us.  Then to this place we came back.  As we passed by to return to the city, behold, to our amazement, we saw fires burning and people hustling about, preparing the evening meal!  So I called out to them to remain in the village, and not leave it for any purpose.  This they promised they would do.”
The head priest shook his staff in frustration, demanding, “Then go looking for them again until you find them!”  As the attendants and soldiers departed to search for the missing villagers, the priest shouted at them, “And each of you check the ass of your fellow, in case they are hiding there!”   In a huff, he and the others departed for the city.

On the third day, the head priest returned to the village the same as he had done before, again not passing the gate to enter the village.  At seeing the empty streets, he called his attendant, screaming abuses at him.  “Long is the road to this village, and again the womb is empty!  Your own children I will sacrifice to the gods if you have betrayed my commands!”
The attendant bowed low, quailing before the priest.  “My Lord…I do not know a thing about this.  Last eve was the same as before, as I have already told you.  When we passed by the village to return to the city, why, there the village was full of people preparing the evening meal.  I called out to them again to stay in the village and not leave it, they promising me to do such a thing.”  He lifted a hand to his head, extending a finger, “But suspicious I was, feeling they might be tricksters.  So I assigned two of my company to remain hidden, watching the village throughout the night and into the following day and, should the people leave, to follow them to see where they might be hiding from us.”
Calling the two men to him, the priest asked what had taken place.
The two men bowed low, groveling upon the ground, declaring, “All night and into the morning, we faithfully watched the village from that yonder tree.  All night and into this late morning, the people of the village busied themselves at doing the evening and morning chores.   We did not leave the tree until we saw your company approaching on the road.”
Enraged, the priest began beating the two attendants with his staff.  “Liars!  Liars!  The flesh of you, your wives, and your little ones will satisfy our gods this night!”
He ordered the soldiers to bind the two men and march them back to the city.  Looking over his shoulder at the village gate, he declared, “Tomorrow I will bring the army with me, and we shall round this rabble up, one and all!”

After the priest had departed, Son gathered all the people together, telling them, “Tonight, when the heated tempest clouds gather themselves over the moon, you and all your little ones, old ones, every mother and father, virgin and person promised in marriage…everyone of you are to place upon your backs only what each of you can carry, and you are to follow the power of the lantern into the wilderness.  Wherever it leads us, we will faithfully follow.  Leave no one behind.  Carry the aged and infirm, if you must.  Of one blood we all are and, as one blood, we must all make escape.”
That evening, Son took down the red lantern from the post, standing in the gate until the threatening storm clouds sweeping in from the west covered the full summer moon, casting the world into gloomy darkness.  Stationing several strong young men at the rear, he led his fellow villagers out of the gate, the lantern leading them to the north and west.  By morning light, the people were far away, deep into the heavy, northern forest.

That evening, as the city inhabitants gathered around the base of the temple, the head priest, along with his under priests, were preparing the first of the night’s many sacrifices…a young girl already gagged and tied fast with her arms and legs spread across the altar…when a swirling tempest suddenly swept up from the south, a raging storm filled with lightning and thunder, followed by a flooding downpour.  The cyclonic whirlwind ripped through the city, across crowded fields in front of the temple, tearing at the very temple itself, killing all who were atop it except for the head priest, who was thrown down the steps to his great injury, and the girl-child who remained alive and unscathed, her bonds torn free of the altar.  After the storm passed, she made her way down the temple stairs, into the arms of her ecstatic mother, the people too afraid to even touch the child.
Morning light revealed a land ravaged and ruined by storming gales and floods.  Washed away were many of the bridges and roads that led to the surrounding villages.  The city suffered great damage from the twirling winds, but the worst destruction of all was seen in the vast fields of maize, fierce winds and rains having savagely flattened them.  For as far as one could see, there lay a world of devastation.  Few would be the ships needed to send this year’s grain harvest from this city to people in the south.
Too injured was the head priest to officiate over the green corn celebration.  Indeed, so damaged were the temple and city, festivities were discontinued, the dedication of the Serpent Mound put off until the following year, giving time for reconstruction.

When the confusion of the hour had subsided, report was made to the magistrates that a village of slaves had run away.  In a halfhearted attempt to bring these people to justice, a small contingent of soldiers was sent out in pursuit of them but, by this time, over ten days had passed and Son’s people were already far along in their journey toward freedom.
Something else happened at this time that assisted with Son’s and his people’s escape.  News reached Prince Akkanattahootan by gray-cloaked men that his father, King-priest Hattattayahohootan, had passed away in death, and that he had been chosen to take up the post his father once held.  Upon hearing this, and to also guarantee his kingly throne, Akkanattahootan quickly departed for southern lands, leaving no one particular person behind to rule over the northern city states in his absence, instead assigning the governorship to a committee made up of civil, priestly, and military overseers.
No sooner had Akkanattahootan departed for the south than a power struggle for control broke out in the city, spreading quickly to nearby city states and beyond.  Assassinations and bloody coups broke out in one place after another, until the entire Northlands was awash in political intrigue and upheaval.  It would take over two years to return unity to the Northlands by King Akkanattahootan sending his younger brother, Sabatattahootan, with an army, to quell the political disturbances so that the grain would flow freely to the southern world again.  Sabatattahootan would crush any and all opposition, personally taking to the temple altars, sacrificing anyone opposing him to the serpent gods.

Son and his people laboriously continued their journey north and to the west until coming to a large tributary that led off to the west.  There he held council with the elders, the red light flickering to go both to the north and to the west, yet the light shone strongest to the west.  So it came about that two dozen of the young men were sent off to the north, being told to trample the ground and light many campfires as if the people were passing that way.  They were to hurry along in that manner until sighting a giant flock of crows migrating to the west, following them until rejoining the other villagers.  The young men promised to do just so and hurried away.
Some days later, when soldiers came to the river tributary, they followed the beaten path made by the young men until, tiring of the chase, they returned to make report that the people had escaped, or had been eaten by wild beasts…a story they embellished by returning with some bloodstained garments obtained from hapless victims at another distant village.

When the old and weak were finally tiring to the point of exhaustion, Son called a halt to their running, setting up camp in heavy woods, far in the wilderness.  Fearing that soldiers might still be in pursuit, Son dared not remain for long, but still, if he wished for none to be left behind, he must allow a day or two of rest for his people before pressing on.
It was in the evening, when Son was quietly walking about in the woods outside the camp that Sodasonie again came to him.  “A brave and faithful soldier you have proved to be,” she offered, smiling, handing him a gourd bottle filled with tangy drink.  “Pour this into your water bags and have everyone drink it this night, and tomorrow return to your journey.  There, in a valley beyond those distant hills, you will find relief from your struggle, making your travels through this wilderness more tolerable.”  After kissing Son, Sodasonie retreated back into the darkness.
The following morning, when the sun peeked over the hills, all the people in the camp were wide awake and filled with energy to continue their trek west.  It was late in the day before they descended into the valley beyond, after making their way up through a steep, narrow pass that cut its way along a fast-flowing watercourse that led far up into rocky hills.  From that perch at the top of the world, one could see the land stretching out to the endless western horizon.  Looking back at the ten plus score of weary and tired village peoples, Son wondered how much further they could go before many would give out or give up.  Pointing down at the lush canopy of trees in the valley below, Son attempted to sound encouraging.  “There it is!  There it is!  White Buffalo Woman says we will find relief down there, under those trees.”
There were some tired groans, but few complaints.  As they prepared to take to the winding animal path that led down to the valley, someone shouted that people were coming up through the narrow pass, making haste.  Son shouted at some of the young men to follow him as he grabbed his staff and took off on a run back toward the pass.  “If it is the enemy come to war with us, then we shall die here as our people make escape!” he said to the young men accompanying him.  “Do not fear a thing!  Death is more precious than slavery!  We will die here for the freedom of our kindred!”
Much to everyone’s relief, no one had to die that day.  The runners hurrying up through the pass were the young men who had led the enemy soldiers astray far to the north so that their fellow villagers could make escape west.  There was no little celebrating after their arrival…laughing, shouting, hugging, and slapping one another on the back.  With their loved ones returned, it became an easy matter traversing the long, narrow trail down to the valley below.
Shadows were deep when the last of the villagers made their way safely down from the rocks above and hidden under the shade of giant conifers in the valley.  Seeing the lateness of the hour, a few of the young men went forward in search of a place to camp for the night.  Son was in conversation with some of the other elders when two of the fellows came running into camp, breathless with excitement.  “You must come with us now to see what White Buffalo Woman has given us!”
Not waiting for the others, Son and a few of his companions took off in a hurry, following the boys as they dashed through the woods.  Crashing out of the brush into a grassy clearing, the company stopped in surprise.  There, for all men to see, stood White Buffalo Woman, dressed in animal furs, holding a long spear in her hand, the woman’s hair shining silver-white and her eyes burning hot like the setting of the sun.  Instantly, the elders and those with them fell to the ground, crying out in fright for fear of being struck dead for looking upon the face of a goddess.
Son did not fall down before Sodasonie, but bowed, speaking to the others.  “Do not worship the daughter of the Great Spirit.  Bow low to show your respect.  Do not gather her wrath by such idolatry.”  He then addressed Sodasonie.  “Blessed is the sky daughter of the Great Spirit, because she has kept all her promises to lowly men of clay who deserve nothing at all.”  At that, while the others remained trembling on the ground, Son approached the woman, taking her hand and bowing again before her.
Calling for the men to get back up on their feet and to follow her, White Buffalo Woman turned and walked into the thickets beyond the clearing, Son walking beside her.  After building up their courage, the others cautiously followed their trail into heavy brush.  In time, they came to another clearing, the darkness of evening enveloping them except for a cheery fire that blazed brightly.  There they found White Buffalo Woman and Son sitting on a log, enjoying the sweet treat of a roasted coney.  In the shadows, beyond the fire, were dozens upon dozens of large ponies, munching on the tender meadow grasses.
Glancing up into astounded faces, White Buffalo Woman pointed toward several more rabbits roasting over the blaze.  “Please, gather your people quickly.  Plenty there is for all of you.”
Directing the young men to assist, the meat was soon distributed to each and every one, enough remaining after the merry feasting to provide a portion to be placed in every haversack for tomorrow’s coming journey.
After everyone had eaten their fill, White Buffalo Woman recommended that those who might should take their rest, gathering the leaders and young men and women to her.  “No longer are you to be slaves to any man or demon, but a free people you are to become!  Learn to become free people!  Here…”  She walked over to a pile of animal skins, pulling them away to reveal a cache of weapons… copper hand axes, long spears with iron points, bows and arrows with black feathers.  “Here…take these and learn how to become warriors!” she commanded.  “There will be blood on the moon before this age has passed!  You must continue to go your way into the west to find your rest, but do not forget that the blood of warriors flows in your veins!  One day this man” she pointed at Son, “will lead your people back across that distant river to remove the evil host from this holy ground and deliver it back to the children of Meric.  You are the children of the Haudenosaunez, the Earth Mothers and Fathers who ever fight against evil men and demons so that freedom will not become forgotten in the worlds of your people.  During your coming days of peace, learn the art of war!”
All through the night and into the morning hours, the people prepared for their journey.  When the sun had risen high, toward midday, the people were again moving toward the western lands.  The old and weak, tired and sickly, and mothers burdened down with little ones were now riding ponies or being pulled along behind the beasts on newly constructed travois.  There were several ponies remaining for the young men to ride in all their new warrior pride.
Before they departed, Son warned the young boys and men, cautioning,  “Remember, a live dog is wiser, braver, stronger and more able than a dead cave bear, and an evening moth in flight far more powerful than a crushed and broken thunderbird!  To war we do not go this day, but to preserve a future seed that will march forth against our antagonist.  Flight for you, at this moment, is the manly thing to do.  Death through valor might one day be asked of you, but not this day.  This day we are to listen to White Buffalo Woman so that all of our people may gather together on the western shore of river Aosolagessa.”
Son remained standing with White Buffalo Woman until after the last of the long train of people and animals had departed.  At length, he mounted his pony.  Sodasonie looked up into his eyes.  “Be safe…” she softly spoke, stroking his arm.
Taking her hand, Son asked, “Will I see you again in this world?”
Tears grew in Sodasonie’s eyes.  “When we meet again, there will be blood on the moon.  Together, we shall make the rivers run red with the blood of both the righteous and wicked, your kindred and mine.  Pray that day will not come…”
Son smiled sadly.  “I will pray that it will not have to be that way.”
Squeezing Son’s hand, Sodasonie replied, “Such a man of peace will a great warrior make as was your forefather, JavanHoshoni.  He was a good man, and I loved him as I do you.”
Bowing his head in parting salutation, Son turned his mount and started down the trail.  Sodasonie silently stood there, watching him fade into the afternoon haze.

Eventually, the people came to the river Aosolagessa.  To their pleasant surprise, they found stacks of seasoned pine logs abandoned near the shore.  Taking vines and making ropes, they lashed the logs into huge rafts to transport the people to the other side.  After four days of hard labor, everything was ready to make the crossing.  With their few belongings secured on the rafts, and the tied ponies swimming behind, the people cast off from the eastern shore, slowing poling across the river as they drifted south on the sluggish current.  By nightfall, everyone had safely arrived on the western bank of the river Aosolagessa, anxiously awaiting coming adventures, their former years of slavery only a fading memory.

*    *    *

SatawonnahWanataun busied herself by the fire, weaving a basket to dry berries SorindaNafushie and her daughter, NashieNafushie, had gathered earlier that day in craggy draws above the village.  Satawonnah was pleased that wild fruits and berries were so plentiful this year.  Along with dried fishes and meats, and garden stuffs…the beans, squash, and ground nuts…all of which appeared to be abundant, her village should survive the coming winter quite comfortably.
Satawonnah, now in her sixty-third year, was a highly respected medicine woman in her village, as was her adopted daughter, SorindaNafushie.  Sorinda had chosen to remain with Satawonnah, not taking a husband, but instead caring for Satawonnah’s needs and desires.  Sorinda did have a son and another daughter that she birthed since passing into the west, those children both sired by an old chieftain who took Satawonnah and her children into his lodge after his wife passed away.  Sorinda offered her womb as a surrogate for Satawonnah’s when the aged man took Satawonnah as his wife.  It was believed the old man accepted Satawonnah in marriage because Sorinda, a woman beautiful in the extreme, had offered to also warm his bed if he did so, but few cared, such practices being common at that time.
Thus, in the eyes of the villagers, Sorinda’s two youngest children belonged to Satawonnah who, by the time of entering the aged chieftain’s tent, was beyond childbearing years, Hootaneah, her late husband’s daughter, being her last birthing.  Hootaneah had long ago taken up with a man from another village, already birthing two children for him.  Satawonnah’s other children had done much the same, making lives for themselves in other clan villages.  Sorinda and her daughter had not gone away, though, remaining with Satawonnah even after the aged chieftain passed away.  “We shall be your brave sons and care for all your needs,” they declared on the day the old chieftain was buried.
As for NashieNafushie, the girl had grown up beautiful like her mother, and learned well all the witching ways of a medicine woman.  Trained she was in herbs and potions that could cure the sick and heal the injured.  Even at this young age, the woman’s visions and dreams were strong and full of powerful meaning.  It was said of her that she could see into the second dimension, the world of shadowlands that existed between Heaven and Earth.  Whatever the case may be, tales were told by the Bandorai women who journeyed west with the Genesee Clans that Nashie’s father was a Bandorai warlock who had been cast into the forest after birth to die, but was raised up by the forest creatures, and her grandfather was one of the Earth Father wizards who seduced Sorinda when a maiden as she walked alone outside the camp on a moonless night.
Nashie treasured in her heart all the tales told her by Satawonnah and her mother, Sorinda, believing the prophecy of the brave warrior come one day to take her for a wife.  Yet also in her dreams the woman had seen such a thing.  Down through her twenty-first year since her birthing, she had remained a virgin, waiting for her promised warrior husband.  So it was that Sorinda and Nashie remained with their adoptive mother, Satawonnah, tending to and caring for all her needs.

While Satawonnah busied herself at craft making, a runner, exhausted from traveling many long miles, charged into the village, shouting out for everyone to gather about to hear news he carried.  After the young man caught his breath, he declared, pointing east, “There, but a day’s journey from here, comes a band of brave warriors along with their aged and tired, young and weak, mothers and children, led by a great warrior chieftain from the clans of the Genesee!  Ten score or more of them there are, riding giant warhorses and carrying axes and spears of iron and copper.”
An old woman waved her hand, scoffing, “The sun has been too hot for your brain!  Go sit in the shade of yonder tree until the heat is off you!  Those brave warriors of the Genesee were all gone to their long rest when ages ago they departed to a warring in the south, none ever returning to tell us of their fate.”
The young man argued, “Not so!  It is not so!  For with my own eyes I saw the people from afar off, and to one of their brave warrior scouts I spoke, telling me with many bragging words, ‘And our Great Chief Hawnataun called out White Buffalo Woman, who summoned the thunderbirds so that our people flew upon their backs until coming to the river Aosolagessa.  There, our chief, called ‘Chief Haudenosaunez’ by White Buffalo Woman, lifted his staff and split the waters of the river Aosolagessa, so that all the people of our village might get across on dry ground.  And also he has led us safely through the land of the four-legged beast people in search of our tribesmen from the Genesee clans.’”
Satawonnah’s heart leaped to the point of agony.  Clutching her breast, she cried aloud, “This truly must be my son the warrior tells about!  Back from the dead he comes, and with others of his people!”
The runner shrugged, “This I do not know, but the warrior scout told me that Chief Hawnataun is among the few of the warriors remaining alive who departed Kondakandea many years ago for the river Ohio, the youngest of those warriors remembering their sad day of defeat upon the battlefield, he standing beside his father and other chieftains when they broke their staffs in two and threw their headdresses upon the ground, surrendering up their people in sad defeat.”
One of the aged men clapped his hands, laughing, “This is certainly good news, a day of celebration!  The Great Spirit smiles upon his children this day!  We must prepare to welcome our people back to our hearths.”
With joyous voices, everyone joined in celebration over the returning of their long lost kindred.  Several of the young men soon departed with the fellow who had delivered the unbelievable news to the village.  Satawonnah hurried about, preparing for her son’s return.  Sorinda and Nashie were sent off to bathe in the nearby stream, after which they were to ready their most comely attire to be worn when the others arrived.

It was late in the day when lookouts shouted they could see a long train of people approaching from the east.  The entire village rushed out of their lodges in excited tumult over the anticipated news, the whole gathering hurrying out to greet the new arrivals.  Off in the distance, they watched a man stop and dismount from his pony, motioning the others to go on.  There he stood with what appeared to be his womenfolk and children, while all the others in his company continued on toward the waiting celebrants.   Only after the last of the people were past did he and his family follow up behind.
There were many shouts and cries, hugs and embraces as old acquaintances, kinsmen, and former lovers reunited after so many years of separation.  The thirty or so of the young warriors who had departed Kondakandea so many seasons ago who had survived their long ordeal…now so much older…presented their wives and children to the enthralled clansmen.  Word quickly spread among other village clans and tribes about the return of the children of the Genesee, now being called by many the ‘Haudenosaunez’.  In time, as Son’s reputation increased, many of the leaders from the surrounding villages brought gifts and wampum belts to curry his favor and ally themselves with his people.
Son’s mother anxiously struggled to make her way through the crowded throng, Sorinda and Nashie following close behind.  At length, she managed her way forward until, breaking free of the tangled masses, the woman stepped into view of her long lost but never forgotten child.  At seeing his mother, Son joyously shouted her name and ran to greet her, his wives and children following him.  After a long, tender embrace, he introduced her to his family, the woman quietly grinning while nodding approvingly.
When the excited reunion has somewhat subsided, Satawonnah introduced Sorinda and Nashie to Son, explaining to him who the women were and reminding the man of the words she had spoken about them many years ago.  She then stood the two women in front of her, resting her hands on their shoulders.  “See your wives!”
Eyes beaming, Son stepped forward, first taking Sorinda’s hands.  “Your mother and grandmother were the bravest of warriors, remaining steadfast in front of their enemies until felled in death.  If you desire, see your husband.  I promise I will care for you as I do my other wives and their little ones.”
Then taking Nashie by the arms, Son exclaimed, “You are the one whose face I have seen in my dreaming visions, and who White Buffalo Woman spoke about.  You are a child of the funeral pyre, born of the One Who Dances Upon the Stones.  Daughter of the Great Spirit’s fondest child you are, a virgin queen who saves her people into freedom.”
Wearing a toothy smile, Nashie looked up into Son’s eyes.  “These things, too, I have seen in my visions.  For your manly power have I been in expectation these several years so that a son we can give to the Great Spirit so that all things will come to pass.  ‘MālakAbarDohn’ is to be his name, as was spoken to me in my dreams by the Woman in the Whispering Waters…a royal man who will one day establish his palatial estate in the eastern isles for a time and a season.”
Son puzzled over who this Woman in the Whispering Waters was, never hearing of her before.  Nashie could only answer that so beautiful the woman was that even seeing her as though through a fog in a vision was enough to make her heart pain as though in death, and that so respected she was in the worlds above that the Great Spirit would only smile, remaining silent when asked regarding her.

That night was filled with endless celebration, singing and dancing going on until the dawning.  Satawonnah wept profusely when Son gave to her his father’s earring and strands of his hair, not telling his mother how he died.  To Son, Satawonnah gave his father’s earring, something the man proudly wore for the remainder of his life, and from her husband’s hair she wove a necklace from which hung a finely engraved copper pendant given her by him on their wedding night.
The following day, after searching out a good location, Son’s wives and children began building their winter lodging while Son and his oldest boy joined with other men from the village for an elk hunt in the distant hills.  By the time winter snows swept in from the north, Son and his family were snuggled around a warm, blazing hearth fire in a sturdily constructed lodge, its larder filled with squash, beans, ground nuts, acorns, and dried meats and fruits.  Beside him sat Nashie, a favorite among all in his household, her belly already beginning to swell with child.

*    *    *

Section 39

Order of the Swan

SalakTaqadam was livid, screaming obscene vulgarities at this pathetic ape creature who believed herself to be his equal.  No sooner was his vile tirade over than the red-robed woman being addressed, her hood thrown back, revealing a face nearly as crimson as her robe, retorted with curses, turning the air blue with her demeaning, vituperative tone.  Expletives spewed something about Salak’s genitalia, where he could put it and where others had probably already put theirs, the woman slamming her fist on the table, making the crystal partition between the two parties shake as she shouted out her excoriating rebukes.
Salak instinctively jerked back in his chair.  Before he could make reply, this ‘monkey child’ stood, angrily shaking a finger.  “You put another goddamned fleet of your southern ass wipes in the Atlantean Sea heading east and I’ll not only send them to the bottom of the ocean along with your Hormaxian shit boats, I’ll sink your whole goddamn southern isles!  I don’t play twisted games in this realm with your kind of scum, as your girly boss discovered long ago.  You live up to your words when spoken at this council or you die with them!  It’s your choice, and I don’t give a good goddamned never mind which way it’s executed!”
Salak was nearly frothing at the mouth over how he was being assaulted.  No one spoke this way to him…ever!  But looking at the fire in this creature’s eyes warned him that she was speaking truth to power.  To possess the ability to sink an entire continent beneath the waves was something few if any of his own kind could do, he believing it even being beyond Gabrielle or Chrusion to do such a thing without the use of celestial bodies or forbidden weaponry.  Yet he believed this creature was truthing him regarding the matter.  How was such a thing possible?!  And what was it about this ‘girly boss’ thing?
Even with these questions swirling about in his head, Salak’s pride forced an abusive response.  He snarled condescendingly, laughing haughtily, “Your kind is of little more worth than a drunk’s hand.  Indeed, the hand is far better, because one does not have to listen to the meaningless prattle that comes from the hole in your face that sounds little different than the gaseous exhumations your other hole makes!  Think not for a minute that I will hesitate to deliver the military might of the Heavens down upon you and the pathetic monkey creatures of your world!”
The woman lifted her hand, her lips parting to call down a deadly curse on Salak.  Another robed arm shot out, grasping the woman’s arm, quietly commanding, “Please, my sister, don’t!”  Looking into the woman’s eyes, the person asked, “Allow, please, your sister, Sodasonie, a moment to speak.”  The woman closed her eyes, tears of anger running down her cheeks, silently nodding her approval.
After thanking her, Sodasonie then turned her attention to Salak.  “Do be careful, little boy!  The glory of your father lives within the soul of the Black Angel!  Greater is her power than even mine.  Her intent gaze alone can flail the very flesh from off your bones…something I feared she was about to do.  If the might of Gabrielle cannot contest against this child, what would be the fate of a piss wart like you against her?!  Ask your girly master if I do not speak the truth.”  Not permitting Salak to make a reply, she added, “If you deliver as much as one fighting scow into this universe, it will be considered an aggressive act of war!  The Children’s Empire will deliver upon your ass the entire might of its own military!  Do you believe your girly master will be pleased if you so foolishly provoke such a war?!”
A feeling of hopeless frustration was growing in Salak’s heart.  Still, his pride would not permit him the honor of finding a way to bow out gracefully.  He must appear the winner at any and all cost.  Shaking a fist, he declared, “This is our time…our hour to rule over the worlds of men!  By legal treaty at these very councils, it was consented by your own…your own ape creatures…that the world politic belongs to us to do with as we see fit.  Your kind has no right to interfere with that!”
Sodasonie quietly rebuffed him.  “Always by stipulation…always by stipulation has it been that such freedom was given your people over the worlds of men.  The treaty, Time of the Nations, agreed upon by this council permitted you unchecked opportunity to influence the kingdoms of mankind through your treachery, deceit, trickery, and various intrigues.  It did not offer your people direct interference into these worlds, something you have repeatedly pressed to the very limit.  Only in the Council of HETH, the Maritime Court, or other agreed upon special councils does our kind have direct input within this world of men…”
Salak shook a finger at Sodasonie.  “Yet you violated this yourself, by directly assisting your monkey creatures in escaping from their overlords into western lands beyond the river!  Oh yes, I do know for a fact about your clandestine activities, the storms you delivered upon my servants, the ponies you provided, and all the other ways you interfered with those Earthly creatures!”
Sodasonie lifted a hand, the chambers shaking as she did.  Her eyes blazing with the glory of the sun, the woman demanded, “Speak truth or die!  For you know as a fact that I have interfered far less than you and your demon leeches, and your abominable lieges have always been in violation!  Now tell us if it is not so that you have directly intervened in soul and spirit into the affairs of your Earthly servants!”
Although terrified at witnessing Sodasonie’s power, Salak refused to make reply.
Pointing at the high lord over the House of Hormax, Sodasonie asked, “Has not this very piece of walking filth torn the living hearts from countless maidens after you had personally raped them while those children were tied fast upon the blood altars built in worship to your girly master, Legion?!  Speak now or shall I make the rocks cry out as witnesses against you!”
Filled with terror for being called out by Sodasonie, the high lord over the House of Hormax…Akkanattahootan being the current high lord since the death of his father, Hattattayahohootan… groaned aloud, clutching his chest, and passed out into a deep faint, falling from his chair to the stone floor as if dead.
Salak jumped from his chair, screaming at Sodasonie, “You have killed him!  Murderer!  You have killed an innocent man!”
Looking over at the high lord sprawled on the floor, Noah laughed wryly, “Better off would the poor bastard be if he was…you probably humping him while he’s out!  Now shut that hole in your face and sit down, or I’ll put you down on the floor next to him, giving you a way sign to remember me by!  We’ve business to conclude…”
Grumbling about the many moot violations Sodasonie and the others were committing, Salak slowly sat down.  “This place is supposed to be a safe haven for all participants, the Moot of HETH being a place where open expression is permitted…no, no, expected…not where one’s life is placed in danger!”
Sodasonie smiled, “There is a thick crystal barrier separating us from you, constructed by your engineers.  Are you saying that it is of such inferior design, your lives might be threatened by us?  Or do you believe that I or any of the rest of us has the strength and might of the immortals to shatter this fortress wall?!”
“Bah!”  Salak’s face wrinkled up in disgust.  “There is no such thing as an immortal!  The gods of our universe are to be found only in weak minds.  We make our own destiny, the reason my people have risen up against the one falsely declaring herself the Creator of all things!  Logic leaves no room for such travesties, the living energy hidden behind the shrouded veils of invisible glory having, by its own mathematical intelligence, gathered itself into its own reality, our existence only its logical outcome of such mathematical intelligence!”
Sodasonie’s smile did not fade.  “So then, logically, by your own admission, the evolution of such energy would continue to create even greater intellectual and powerful beings as its mathematical knowledge exponentially expanded within its self-made universes over time, thus giving its later creation greater wisdom, strength, and potential than the older of the creation, meaning the children from the Upper Realms.  If that is really true then I, too, would be deeply concerned regarding these monkey creatures who might seek revenge over their cruel mistreatment!  Is this the reason you are always seeking their destruction?”  She swept her hand about, pointing out the robed ‘monkey creatures’ in the room, exclaiming, “See the new creation, those who will one day stand upon exalted heights, looking down upon us little monkey creatures!  Yes, if that is the case, I would be very afraid, especially if their hearts become as bitter and broken as yours has become!”
“Impossible!  Impossible!” Salak angrily harrumphed, while his mind whirled with the logical possibilities Sodasonie presented.   Was this Black Angel one of these new creations, born from the mathematics of an evolved universal mind?  Were the Haudenosaunez truly human, or really creatures born within the cosmic blaze on Dancing Stone’s funeral pyre, merely taking over the bodies of these monkey creatures?  These things he must ponder until his mind could become satisfied over the matter.  In the meantime, he scoffed, “Let’s get on with it, so that we may quickly conclude our business.”
Sodasonie agreed, eyeing Salak, his face revealing troubled thoughts.  She understood that a person who thinks too deeply cannot see clearly what lies on the surface, and Salak appeared to be deeply distracted by the recent conversation.  She believed he would be hesitant to push his scheme for world domination until he could settle those issues in his mind.  This bought Sodasonie and her allies time to help keep the winds of war in check for a moment.  Nodding, she replied, “Yes, then let us be about concluding our business this day.”

*    *    *

Salak quietly swore revenge over his humiliation at the last Council of HETH.  He was nearly as disgusted with Legion and Godden for keeping secrets from him as he was with that insolent monkey creature, Noahashonie, and Gabrielle.  Had he known how ShalLakai really died, Salak might have been a little less arrogant when giving consideration as to how to teach that miscreant, Noahashonie, a lesson.  She might have special powers but, as far as he was concerned, there was no possibility the creature could equal him mentally and intellectually.  Salak’s uncanny wisdom was renowned, even the leadership over the Children’s Empire studying his old writings of insight down to that day.  So it was, with his utter disdain for the ‘lowly monkey creatures’, and overwhelming desire to seek vengeance against them over his hurt pride, Salak set in motion a series of events that would eventually deliver upon all the realms another great war of the worlds, the likes of which had not been witnessed since the last of the Aphrodite Wars.
Returning to his clandestine operations in the Southlands, Salak took to the temple blood experimentation in earnest, devoting the energies of his best and most promising Hormaxian wizards to these activities.  The hybrid experiments conducted at that time would have an effect on the worlds of men that carried on far into the ending age and also helps explain why the eventual war in the west did not reach the shores of Europe and Asia.
After the demise of Egypt’s glory, with Pharaoh’s defeat at the Red Sea…he and a vast host of his military and priestly officials perishing along with him when the waters collapsed back upon them…the secret knowledge of the blood code experiments carried out by former High Lords ZaphipheRa and Rapadies waned. It was not until the insight of Salak stirred the hearts of the southern priests that interest was renewed.  With the Northlands secured, there was little for King/High Lord Akkanattahootan to set his sights on.  He dug into Romulus’ and Balbinus’ translations of the old Hormaxian manuscripts, anxiously determined to discover whatever secrets about the blood code might be hidden in them.
When Salak was informed that a detailed record of the early blood experiments existed in the possession of the Hormaxians, he was thrilled.  After all, when the firstborn of the Hormaxian priesthood perished in Egypt, and Jannes and Jambres drowned in the Red Sea with Pharaoh, Legion had abandoned further experimentation with the blood codes, instead developing existing bloodlines to propagate the future, Earthly overlords.
Salak had little interest in the Earthly politics until after the fall of Babylon, acquiring the title ‘Prince of Persia’ after its demise.  From that time forward, he and Godden sparred with one another over creating the ultimate world power, succeeding in continuous upheaval and tribulation for Earthly men as one despot after another reached out for the golden ring of world domination.  With his scheme for world conquest by the Southlands quashed at the last Council of HETH, and his smarting humiliation at the hands of Noahashonie and Sodasonie, Salak now believed he discovered a way to deliver his version of the New World Order upon the world and slap the faces of those embarrassing him while not breaking any of the HETH treaties.
With Salak quietly looking over his shoulder, offering kindly suggestions and opinions, Akkanattahootan was immediately put to work, designing and constructing the blood machines needed to create new Anoofimnihe, but yet more.  ZaphipheRa and Rapadies had developed the blood experiments to an extreme, even creating a successful breeding program.  Akkanattahootan discovered from the translated writings that ZaphipheRa believed the blood of Azazel was the much sought after, progenitive agent that acted positively with human reproductive cells, thus permitting their mature development in advanced, hybrid creatures.   This had not worked successfully when mixing the blood of animals and humans, but held together with the human genome when stretching its genetic makeup to the limit.  Proof of ZaphipheRa’s success was recorded in his and Rapadies’ extensive writings.
So it was that Salak clandestinely set about creating three kinds of new living creatures.  First to be produced were the beast people, the new Anoofimnihe, creatures with intelligent minds whose blood was a mixture of human and animal.  These creatures would become Salak’s new shock troopers…the police of his New World Order…biologic machines with no conscience, soul, or feelings other than that of fear to keep them under control.  True, they could not reproduce, but the new temple machines would soon be up to manufacturing the necessary seed to create an army of beast-men.  And women were plentiful, making handy incubators to nurture these creatures through a twelve month gestational period.  Many of the host mothers would not survive the creature’s birthing, but it mattered little to Akkanattahootan as long as their maternal purposes were satisfied.
The creation of the second and third kinds of new creatures was going to be more difficult to accomplish.  Building the needed machines was not so much the issue, especially with Salak’s clandestine assistance.  The second kind of creation was to be a dumbed-down version of humans, brutish and dimwitted by all standards, satisfied only with the most vulgar quality of life: food, wine, treasures of silver and gold, and…and sex, an innate, passionate desire for sexual relations in the extreme, occupying those creatures’ every waking thought.  Indistinguishable from humans and intelligent enough to blend in with them, these beings would mix their blood into that race, eventually contaminating the entire world of the lowly classes of monkey children.
The third kind would be of superior intelligence, gradually taking away rulership from the common stock of mankind, setting up the forthcoming dynasties that would eventually establish the New World Order.  Once these creatures had been nurtured to maturity, they would infiltrate all of Europe, establishing themselves as monarchs, dictators, and despots over all those nations, creating a lasting, family bloodline that would deliver the world into the age of new enlightenment.  These would be the most difficult to create because of the level of intelligence, personality and human emotional behavior needed to fool the world of humans.  For these reasons, they would also need to have the purest supply of Azazel’s blood code flowing in their veins.
Azazel’s blood code…  That was the one little problem facing Akkanattahootan in achieving success for the second and third humanlike creations.  Salak could not provide any of Azazel’s blood code, yet only his code would work unless they scrapped all of ZaphipheRa’s research and accomplishments.  This was not an option.
Salak knew that Azazel conducted blood experiments on women in the waning days before the global flooding, but no one believed any of Azazel’s offspring had achieved reproductive success, or that any of that offspring survived the cataclysm.  Yet how else could the angel’s blood code still exist unless…unless Hormax discovered living samples of it in the ruins of Mosul Egypt?   That was doubtful, for when ZaphipheRa deciphered some of Hormax’ original writings, he found a detailed blueprint of Azazel’s blood code, Hormax having taken the information from records found in the ruined temples in Mosul Egypt, along with detailed drawings and schematics of the pre-flood blood code machines, the basis for all the blood code machines built since the Great Flood.  Hormax wrote nothing about finding a living culture of any blood code.  There was also ZaphipheRa’s record stating that he had discovered Azazel’s matching blood code in a few of the post-flood population, so it must have survived the global deluge in a living human that was able to sexually reproduce.
Salak was thrilled to think that Azazel’s blood code might be living within some of the human population, and the detailed design and operation for ZaphipheRa’s blood machines that had been built off the original pre-flood drawings and descriptions found by Hormax were carefully preserved on parchments.  If Azazel’s blood still existed in measurable amounts within the human genome, Salak could not be accused of violating any treaty against delivering otherworldly technology into the Earthly realm when making his creations.
While the new Anoofimnihe warrior creatures were being developed in the Hormaxian temples, Akkanattahootan was busy collecting blood samples from across his vast kingdom territories, covering most of the southern and northern isles in the west.  The results puzzled him greatly.  Although the children descended from the families of Cush and Nubia were found to be rich with Azazel’s blood code, its power was discovered to be quite weak and ineffective in producing the desired results in the high lord’s blood experiments.  No matter how the blood code was rearranged within the human eggs, the resulting offspring was found to be little changed from any other normal humans.
After several unsuccessful, disappointing attempts at producing the wanted results, Akkanattahootan returned to searching the Hormaxian archives for possible information hidden in old records and personal notes.  The high lord was determined to find the secret of the blood should he need to peruse every known and secret library available to him.  For five years, he and his Maruk scribes delved into the depths of long-forgotten sanctuaries and monasteries, in a fruitless search to find answers to their pressing blood code questions.
Finally, in a dank, forgotten room, deep beneath the catacombs of the Vatican in Rome, an ancient ledger was discovered that offered the key to finding the ever elusive answer they had been searching for.  The ledger was part log and part personal journal, written in old Atlantean script by a former high-ranking officer serving in King Dungie’s personal guard during the Iamrusshian War who had journeyed south to Malta after their defeat against Noahashonie.  It contained a rather lengthy account concerning Dungie’s tribulations after he surrendered his army at the Battle of Kornary Valley, as told him, he claimed, by the king of Atlantis, himself.
The officer went on to write about Dungie’s torture by a witch who gave him ghastly dreams while she had intercourse with him for ten days in a row.  Although never seeing the witching necromancer, Dungie believed the person to be none other than his former wife, Noahashonie.  He did not feel that Noah was merely seeking revenge by her actions, her hatred for him too great for her to pollute her soul with his manliness.  What her motives might have been, Dungie did not express to the officer, but he also went on to tell the man about how eager High Priest ZaphipheRa had earlier been to take the woman for his experiments.  The officer commented that the peculiarity of the account was his reason for recording it in his personal journal.
After scrutinizing the officer’s account and closely reexamining ZaphipheRa’s and Rapadies’ recordings, with Salak’s helpful assistance, Akkanattahootan concluded that Noahashonie was the likely candidate who had relations with Dungy, and it was to produce a child of blood, for reasons yet unknown.  Further detective work appeared to corroborate this theory.  Certain papyri manuscripts written during the latter reign of Egyptian Pharaoh TitanAmactony recorded detailed accounts of Egyptian emissaries to the Iamrusshians during and shortly following the demise of Atlantis.  The records revealed that Noahashonie became pregnant shortly after King Dungie’s defeat, but that the child died at birthing, though Noah and her midwife companion were the only witnesses to the event.
This would have concluded matters if it were not for High Lord Gomer’s hieroglyphic writings regarding a certain ‘Serah’, claimed to be a daughter of Asher, who delivered to the house of Jacob a newborn son that she professed to be a child of rape by an unknown father, that she had alone out in the wilderness.  Gomer’s timeline revealed that the child appeared in the Hebrew camp shortly after Noahashonie lost her child at its birthing.  Serah was already suspected of being one of the Haudenosaunez who stood on Dancing Stones’ funeral pyre.  Could her child have actually been Noah’s?
And what of Serah’s son?  Gomer went on to detail the history of the boy, ShiShak, and the role he played in the post-Amactony pharaonic reign as Egypt’s Prime Minister.  This new understanding of who ShiShak might truly have been sent Akkanattahootan into searching later high lords’ accounts to find possible mention of this ShiShak.  He was not disappointed.
It was later written that ShiShak lived a very long life and that he was a man filled with virility, impregnating countless Egyptian and Hebrew women throughout his adulthood.  Also interesting was the many visits Serah paid upon the man throughout his lifetime.  An important side note written centuries later by Jambres, the high lord during the time leading up to the Hebrew exodus, revealed that spies reported seeing Serah and ShiShak practicing intercourse on more than one occasion during the man’s old age, and that later, this same Serah, now a woman hundreds of years of age, gave birth to a daughter she named ‘Jochebed’, who became ancestress to the mother of Moses.
Akkanattahootan’s heart leaped at this possible revelation concerning who ShiShak might have been, and who this Serah might truly be.  After closely reexamining ZaphipheRa’s account of Dancing Stones’ funeral burning, the high lord concluded that Serah might be the very same SusannahKiabottam who stood beside her cousin, Noahashonie, on that pyre.  It was long said that Susannah was a full-blooded Mozerathas, child of the Elkhorn, one descended directly from Hormax and Canaan.  Noahashonie was also a pure blood Mozerathas, having the same lineage.  And what of Dungie?  That was still a puzzle, the male line passing down to him through Father Noah’s son, Japheth, a descendant of Seth through his father.
But what of Noah’s wife, Aphrodite?  The Hormaxians believed there were few secrets regarding this woman.  The high lord was well aware that the woman still lived in the worlds of men, and that rumors said she was mistress to a Sky Child.  The woman’s pre-diluvian ancestry was also known, she being a pureblood child descended from Cain.  When Akkanattahootan presented these findings to Salak, explaining his theories concerning the bloodline of Cain, the demon wizard revealed a little additional information concerning Aphrodite and the man believed to be her son…Ham.
Akkanattahootan was told that Aphrodite was but eighteen years of age when Noah took her for a wife, Noah’s former wife having passed away in death some years before.  Ham was already a boy far into his youth when Noah married Aphrodite, Ham being little younger than his father’s new wife.  Contrary to common belief, Aphrodite was not Ham’s mother.  This revelation excited Akkanattahootan, possibly helping to explain why Canaan’s Hormaxian blood was so highly valued by ZaphipheRa for it richness in Azazel’s blood code.  But what was the connection between Ham and Azazel?  This thought had also crossed Salak’s mind, but he said nothing about it.
Salak was well practiced at keeping secrets and revealing partial knowledge.  It was how one maintained his power in the League of Brothers.  What he did not tell Akkanattahootan was that Ham’s mother’s name was ‘Naamah’ and his grandmother was ‘Sabreda’.  Sabreda was the youngest daughter of Shemicia, a child born through the line of Seth and Mikalee, a later son born to Eve.  Little else was known about the matter, until… until a former angelic Watcher recalled to Salak that a woman by the name of ‘Shemicia’ was involved with one of Azazel’s later experiments, Azazel dying soon after.
Salak wondered if Sabreda might have been the resulting offspring from one of Azazel’s experiments.  Could Azazel have broken the code in order to make reproduction successful?  So was this the secret part of the mystery of the Holy Grail that shadowy voices ever whispered about?  Was the bloodline of Hebrew kings somehow tied in with this grail?  So much more Salak wanted to find out about this bloodline, about Ham and Aphrodite, who Canaan truly might have been, and so many other hidden secrets.  For now, though, the discovery of those humans who might carry the magic blood code was the main objective.
Akkanattahootan could also be tight-lipped when it benefited him, even with people from the Upper Realms.  He personally believed Salak was not being open with him, providing only enough information for the Hormaxian priests to find the people with the needed blood code, yet not revealing the true value of possessing that information.  What might be in Azazel’s blood code that intrigued the Sky Children to the point of keeping mum over Ham’s heritage… something he was sure Salak knew more about than he revealed?  Well, he might have other sources to get additional answers, sources also mentioned in Rapadies’ and Gomer’s records...something he did not share with Salak.
There was this minor notation the high lord found in old writings that referenced an account from the long lost Book of Scrolls, a history of the patriarchs, penned in their very hands, beginning with Adam and ending with Noah’s son, Ham.  High Lord Jambres was the last high lord to mention it, along with the account of Adam’s robe and its importance to world governance.  His brief notations referencing it, Akkanattahootan found noteworthy.  Jambres stated that Ham wrote an account of his affair with Aphrodite, Noah’s wife, the romantic interlude resulting in the birth of Canaan…the reason for Noah cursing the boy.  So what might be the connection between Aphrodite, Ham, Canaan, and Azazel’s blood code?
There was also a cryptic poem penned in Jambres’ hand that he claimed to have been written by the Goddess Mother, said to be scripted after Ham’s death in the final battle at the end of the third Aphrodite War.  Jambres wrote that it was the last entry found in the Scrolls.  The poem was puzzling, yet also so hauntingly disturbing for the secrets it might hide.  Was it a metaphor filled with suggestive hyperbole, or was truth and fact hidden in riddling prose…or was it possibly a song written to a departed lover…or might it be all three?

Lo, yet so little reward for a slaughter great, sublime.
For dead the beast has not become,
But bred anew in flesh and bone.
To fill the Earth with its deadly breath,
To devour the souls of living flesh.

Upon a ship of oaken plank, we carried the blood of demon spawn,
And also that of father Cain.
That blood to mix through mating birth,
To carry the seed of the demon curse.

From it, a kingly host shall rise,
To carry the might of immortal prize.
Will he deliver mankind to lasting grace,
Or condemn the world to be ever effaced?

For Ham has fought the battle won,
But did give his lover a wanton son.
Through death, the man has never known,
That a demon child was within her grown.

Akkanattahootan assumed the Book of Scrolls might provide additional information, possibly what Salak might not even possess.  What he did believe was that the lover the Goddess Mother spoke about was none other than herself, this gleaned from previous information.  But where might the Book of Scrolls have gotten away to?  In Akkanattahootan’s mind, there was only one answer. Moses must have stolen it away when he departed Egypt.  Then there were the words penned by Moses when in the wilderness, referring to the demon children remaining over in the world after the Great Deluge.  Had Moses read Ham’s account written in the Book of Scrolls and deduced that demon blood remained alive after the worldwide deluge?
There was one other point of reference to the scrolls that Jambres made note of.  It was written by the Egyptian high lord stating Ham considered Shem to be one of mankind’s greatest wizards, having a temple hidden deep within secret caves, filled with magic machines of pre-flood design.  It was also stated that he had re-mastered all the old arts, sharing this knowledge of those arts with two people from the western lands, a certain ‘Dodanim’ and his wife, ‘Sarah Sands’, giving to them talismans of sacred knowledge built in the days before the Great Deluge.
This Dodanim, Akkanattahootan believed, was the grandson of Javan the Elder who Moses made reference to.  As for Sarah Sands, the high lord could find no reference to the woman.  ZaphipheRa did list Dodanim’s wives, EpiphanOida, also known as ‘Dancing Stones’, being the most prominent among them, but no mention was made of Sarah Sands.  What ZaphipheRa did write was that Dodanim and EpiphanOida were heads over the order of the cult of the Dragons.  That could explain where Noahashonie and her daughter, Hyhoset, came by the powers they possessed, Hyhoset being the daughter of Javan the Younger, Dodanim’s youngest son.  Could they have acquired those talismans?
This supposition led Akkanattahootan to wonder what treasures Shem might have possessed in the hidden temple sanctuary.  Was it possible that these might still exist in vaulted chambers behind sealed walls?  And where?  All this information Akkanattahootan hurriedly wrote down in his book of secrets and placed in the high lord’s chest, hoping to himself benefit from it at some near future date.  This was not to be, for other, more pressing matters soon distracted him, the man never returning to continue this quest.

With information gleaned from previous high lords’ records and what Salak had provided, Akkanattahootan sent his Hormaxian servants into northern lands in search of the blood needed to produce his ‘Illuminated Ones’… the highest level of his new creation.  While this was being done, he started production of his Anoofimnihe creations, his renovated temples finally readied for this task.
And production it was!  With these machines, Akkanattahootan was able to take the blood codes from both humans and beasts, injecting the mixed blood codes into specially prepared eggs of either human or animal.  When successfully completed, the now fertile egg was implanted in a human female for the remainder of the new creature’s gestational period.  The temple priests preferred older women who were past child-bearing but still retained healthy wombs for use as incubators, preserving the young women to continue birthing human children, seeing that death resulted for the majority of those carrying these super-creations.  This led, in time, to gathering from the northern lands older women from the enslaved population to be delivered to the temples in the Southlands, these women nurturing this demon spawn, later to serve as meat for the ever-hungry, impoverished population.
The Anoofimnihe offspring proved somewhat disappointing to Akkanattahootan.  He had been in hopes of reproducing the creatures that existed in Noah’s pre-flood world…great men of renown, kings of the worlds in their day, intelligent and bold, with some standing to heights of twenty cubits. Or they should be at least like the giant servants of Gomer’s…tall, subservient, willing to do the laborious chores of their task masters.  But no, the best Akkanattahootan and his wizard priests managed were monsters of no more than eight cubits’ stature, dull-witted and brutish, only being driven by whips or seduced by some promised reward that satisfied a wanton heart.  Although unable to reproduce, these creatures displayed an abnormal sexual appetite, their handlers finding the promise of satisfying those cravings the most effective way of controlling these unruly man-beasts.  These creatures would tirelessly work throughout the entire day at whatever duties might be demanded of them with the promise that their wanton passions would be fulfilled with some hapless child being thrown to them when their labors were done.
Despite these brutish creatures’ bullish qualities, the high lord successfully created an effective police force with the use of these beast-men through control by trained handlers.  These elite officers would manage their wards in ways similar to how one does dogs or beasts of burden, reward or punishment being very effective tools.  Being rather dimwitted dullards, it took little to entertain the Anoofimnihe.  Other than sufficient food, a comfortable cot, an exercise yard, and the occasional plaything, little else was needed to keep these beasts satisfied.  So it came to be that the Anoofimnihe became the shock troopers used to keep the peace, being locked away in a military compound as one does a beast, until needed.  Indeed, through the threat of terror heaped upon the inhabitants of the Southlands by garrisoning the many scattered vassal kingdoms with these Anoofimnihe soldiers, Akkanattahootan welded the entire southern world into one solid, subservient state.

(Author’s note… Another reason Akkanattahootan abandoned his experiments for creating a dumbed-down version of humans was that it could be more effectively accomplished through mind-altering drugs that would be inexpensively introduced through the food and water supplies as well as medical practice.)

During this same period of time, the high lord continued on with his other blood experiments, concentrating his limited resources on the Illuminated Ones that were to become the rulers in the upcoming New World Order.  This he started in earnest, not only experimenting with the purest of blood found, but by breeding with the most intelligent of womankind he might find that also carried such blood.  Akkanattahootan would not live to see his illuminated creation experiments come to their successful completion, it falling upon the shoulders of his successor, Othangooganthopen, to accomplish that.

Othangooganthopen was a priest in the order of the Black Warlocks who had long apprenticed under the watchful eye of Akkanattahootan, but had no knowledge of who his mentor truly was until two black-robed men appeared at his chambers shortly after he had finished his duties at the temple.  After being informed that Akkanattahootan had died suddenly from a heart seizure, he was told to go with them.  That very evening, he took up his new position as high lord over the Three Houses, and wasted little time getting down to business.
Akkanattahootan had been a man well in his nineties when he passed away, Othangooganthopen only a person in his early forties.  Why Akkanattahootan chose such a young person to fill the position of high lord when he passed could be little explained other than Othangooganthopen knew well what the old high lord was attempting to accomplish with his blood experiments, and the young fellow fully supported him in those endeavors.  Whether that be the case, or for other more dubious reasons as had happened with earlier high lords, the record does not state.  The reality was that Othangooganthopen continued on in the line of his mentor with even greater passion and determination than Akkanattahootan had shown.
Soon after taking up the scepter of high lord, Othangooganthopen undertook a massive building campaign to construct new temples to serve as laboratories for his wizard priests, and sacred places of worship to assure the subjugation of the masses.  Within a few short years, Othangooganthopen would assemble an army of many thousands of these beast-creatures to be used to solidly establish his southern kingdom as the center of the coming New World Order.   At the same time he was building his army of giants, the high lord redoubled his efforts to create his illuminated creatures that would eventually be used to infiltrate the religious and political powers in the east.
In short order, messengers were hurried away to call chieftains and high priests of the three houses to gather in the capital city of Tukabooneukuu, in the Southlands, for a very special moot.  Among those assembling was an officer serving in the papal court, a certain Lucas DeCantor.  DeCantor was the current lord over the Third House, the Grey Hearts.  Othangooganthopen afforded special attention to DeCantor because of the mission the man was soon to be assigned.  The lord over the House of the Gray Hearts was to use the power given the Church through the good graces of the Hormaxians to introduce the new creation of Illuminated Ones into the politics of the Holy Roman Empire, expanding it, if possible, across the globe.

As the eighteen robed and masked men sat in sacred conference, other issues pertaining to the matters at hand were discussed.  There were two major concerns the members from Europe presented…the intrusion of the Moors and the Northmen. Their spokesman summed it up thusly, “The Moorish lot ever push us from every direction, while the Norse gobble up everything in the north!  The children of Charlemagne do well to hold on to what little of Europe they may, their thoughts only of surviving these onslaughts.” 
The high lord over the Three Houses motioned the man to sit while he stood to address the gathering.  “These matters we do know, and well understand the very reason for this assembly.  Committees will be formed and debates carried on at this moot…our reason for delivering several hundred of the Order to this place.  Varied and many are the tools at our disposal that you know about, and some that you do not.  It will be the duty of this gathered crowd to decide which ones are to be used and how.”
He then went on to disclose where they were with the blood experiments and their hopeful, projected results, how the future New World Order was to be organized, with central control anchored in the Southlands.  “Our people shall rule clandestinely from this city while vassal kings seated over puppet governments appear to hold the scepters in other lands.  The religions of the world, while manifesting outward loyalties to their customs and traditions, shall serve the gods found here.  That is the will of our true potentate from the worlds above who represents our Lord God Lucifer.  So we shall do as he decrees.”
No one argued or debated the edicts of the high lord though secretly, in their hearts, loyalty to their homelands stirred heavily within them.  This fact was true also of the lord over the Gray Hearts, Lucas DeCantor.  Although the man would faithfully carry out the will of his overlord, the man ever kept a weather eye out for opportunity to steal the glory away from the west and return it to its rightful place in the Holy Roman Empire.  It was through this man’s passive resistance and secret intrigues that the heart of Rome remained solidly fixed within the confines of the Papal church in Europe.
When the moot was finally adjourned, after several days of discussion and debate, the high lord established the following objectives moving forward.  DeCantor, lord over the House of the Gray Hearts, was to prepare the way for the Hormaxian’s Illuminated Ones to be clandestinely imbedded in European politics by infiltrating the religious and political hierarchies.  He was to also introduce these blood creations into the other eastern religions, using the Roman Papal Church to secretly oversee their destinies through its Luciferian initiates, who were the true leaders over the world’s religions.  While DeCantor was to strengthen the power of the Papal Church over the kingdoms of Europe, he was also to attempt a coup over the Norse, Rus, and Moors, by weakening their aggressive resolve against the Holy Roman and Byzantine Empires.  Both of these final two moves, DeCantor vigorously implemented.
SonnaTewabittin, lord over the Second House, the White Warlocks, was a priest-wizard from the Southlands, a man also heavily involved with the blood code experiments.  His responsibilities were to concentrate his activities on the development of the Anoofimnihe hybrids.  While he was busying himself refining these monsters, he was to also begin establishing them in the Northlands.  It was not long before companies of hybrid Anoofimnihe were shipping north to be garrisoned throughout the captured territories of the sons of Meric.

Salak’s plans for world rulership, being carried out by High Lord Othangooganthopen, were beginning to take shape.  His illuminated hybrids would soon have infiltrated all the major religious and political orders from Rome to China, and his giant Anoofimnihe armies assembled for the invasion of the remainder of the northern lands across the River Aosolagessa.  In less than a lifespan of a human, everything would be in place for Salak’s eventual conquest of the planet, his established New World Order.  To help ensure that Godenn or others would not interfere, he was also preparing to set the Heavens ablaze when that witching hour arrived.
Long had Salak been filling the ears of Gadreel with tales of deceit and clandestine intrigues perpetrated by Chrusion’s chief lieutenants against him, claiming that Legion and Godenn were plotting to overthrow him and enslave his colonial subjects in the Kurrier Star Systems.  When the time was right, he would force a move by Gadreel against his assumed antagonists, resulting in a neat little war that would keep Godenn and Legion busy while Salak enveloped the Earth with his religious/political New World Order, thus gaining him Chrusion’s blessing for delivering him his long-desired prize…the world of humans under his one world rulership.
Had Salak been a little more observant, he might have realized that not all the cats were sleeping as his mice played about the table.  Cunning and shrewd were the Haudenosaunez and their faithful spies and allies in both the Worlds Above and the Realms Below.  A cataclysmic storm was about to be unleashed upon the universe the likes of which had not been witnessed since the Aphrodite Wars, nor would be witnessed again until far into the ending age.  Although not noted in the historical records of the nations of Earth, this confrontation would decide forever the direction all political powers were to take in future days, dividing the Heavens into two distinct and volatile, opposing kingdoms, while eventually delivering the world of men into the age of New Atlantis through the rise of an island state that managed to steal the heart of Rome.

*   *   *

Lucas DeCantor wasted little time carrying out his duties once he returned to Rome.  Over the next few years, he managed to have several reformations made in the Papal Church to strengthen its control over European politics, the most noteworthy being the Cluniac reform of monasteries by placing abbots under the direct control of the pope rather than the feudal rulers.   This brought virtually all schools, libraries, and many lending institutions under the direct oversight of the pope.  Now the web of the Church bound the kingdoms of Europe into one educational, philosophical, and financial system, easily regulated at the whim of papal leadership.
During this same period of time, DeCantor managed to carry out a coup on the invading Norse.  DeCantor decided the most successful way to gain victory over the troubling Norse was not to destroy them but seduce them into willingly slipping their heads under the yoke of the Church.  Conversion worked wonders, turning earlier enemies into allies, and to have these fearless raiders as supporters of the cause was certainly a prize to be cherished!  Opportunity soon arrived for him to implement such an action.
After the defeat of the Norse at the Battle of Chartres, the Church sent Hervé, Archbishop of Reims, to King Charles the Simple to negotiate a treaty with Rollo, the Norse chieftain.  The resulting Treaty of Saint-Clair-Epte granted Brittany to Rollo and his fellow Norse, as well as other associated lands.  In trade for these properties, Rollo guaranteed the king his loyalty.  He also agreed to be baptized and to marry Gisela, the presumed legitimate daughter of Charles.  It was through this marriage that, without his knowledge, DeCantor’s plans to dominate the Norse began to unravel.
Gisela was not the daughter of King Charles but delivered as a newborn babe to his doorstep to replace the child lost through his wife’s stillbirth, a fact he promised to never mention to anyone.  In reality, Gisela’s real father was Golfinger, son of Hilga Tomassie and BondaBoor’s son, Hannland the Axe.  Hilga (Heidi) married into the Phoenician Mariner Clan through her husband, Eric Tomassie.  Her son, Rae, still sat the Phoenician Council and the Maritime Court, now located in Venice.  Hilga’s voice, when at the council, was viewed as law by the Phoenician leadership.  Hannland was descended from the Riphath, whose blood flowed through many of the Norse people.  He was also a child of Carthage and Sardinia, and a person born through the family of Javan the Younger’s Templars and an ancient Submariner named ‘Corith’, daughter of Baalath.  All these things Gisela knew, the woman remaining loyal to her bloodline throughout her long life.

(Author’s note… The Phoenicians, as a society, did not pass off into history, but remained contenders and allies of the Haudenosaunez down through the ending age.  In the days of Joshawnataun, they reasserted themselves in the Mediterranean region, eventually choosing Venice for their base of operations.  Many of their people also settled on Sardinia, in time setting up independent kingdoms on that island.  With the establishing of Venice as their new capital, these people took that name for themselves.  So it came to pass that the ‘Venetian Society’ evolved from the Mariner Clans of Phoenician culture.
The Hormaxians were not the only ones to create secret societies.  No, indeed!  Long did secret societies exist that were also created by the Haudenosaunez.  From the Submariners to the Templars of Javan the Younger, to the Venetian secret orders, to other secret societies that even infiltrated many of the Hormaxian societies, the Haudenosaunez maintained a spy network that foiled countless schemes of the Hormaxians.  If it were not for these clandestine heroes of mortal flesh who risked all for their cause, it is doubtful New Atlantis would have ever gained a rebirth into our world.)

In the years following Rollo’s baptism, the hybrid, illuminated offspring from the Southlands began arriving in Europe.  Some of these arrived as infants, DeCantor switching these newborns with those delivered by Hormaxian midwives, the mothers never finding out what had been done.  A few of these kidnapped babies would be used in the secret Luciferian religious rites but, for the most part, they were delivered up to the nunneries and monasteries as orphans, to grow up and serve in those orders.  Over the next several decades, DeCantor continued to faithfully plant these illuminated offspring in political and religious circles of Europe and Asia until he had ‘filled the world with them’.
For Salak and the Hormaxian high lord, their plans for world domination were beginning to take shape.  True, DeCantor was still attempting to sway the glory of the upcoming New World Order back to Rome and its church, but he did this while dutifully carrying out the directives given him by the powers in the west.  One of the ways he accomplished this was to make sure that the Papal Church was used to funnel all of the high lord’s directives, thus keeping its fingers on the pulse of all activity in Europe and Asia.
Othangooganthopen understood well what his priest over the Gray Hearts was doing, but cared little, believing that when the moment came, he would sweep the Papal Church into the ash heap along with the other religious/political elements that were not included in his plans for the New World Order.  In the meantime, as long as DeCantor continued to carry out his assigned duties, the high lord would allow the man to play his other little games.  Had DeCantor known these things, he need not have worried.  Future fates are always so fickle as not to be toyed with!  Things were about to change that would alter all the plans of mice and men.

*    *    *

During the years that the hybrid, illuminated children were being secretly introduced into European and Asian society, SonnaTewabittin had been gradually filling the Northlands with the Anoofimnihe.  From Lake Tecatucutan, north to beyond the giant, inland fresh water seas, tens of thousands of the Anoofimnihe soldiers were garrisoned in hundreds of fortified encampments. As in the Southlands, only through the use of skilled handlers could these beast men be controlled.  Unlike the southern worlds, the vassal lords over the northern kingdoms cared not for the added expense and upkeep needed to maintain such a highly skilled, guiding force of watchmen.
Over the ensuing decades, it became more difficult for High Lord Othangooganthopen to maintain the unquestioned loyalty of his vassal kingdoms in the Northlands.  As new temples and estates rose skyward in the southern skies, tribute the northern city-states and trading guilds were forced to pay the Hormaxian king and his order only increased.  At times, this led to open rebellion by the northern rulers which, of course, led to unleashing of the Anoofimnihe against the rebels.  At first, this worked effectively for the high lord.  But, in time, the tables began to turn as the vassal lords recruited handlers loyal to them.  Many times, the southern policing forces would find themselves facing the giant Anoofimnihe when they went to quell an insurrection.
The people who suffered most during this time of increasing turmoil were the indentured and enslaved populations in the Northlands.  The invading Southlanders had little respect for their own brethren and none for the enslaved people.  Pillaging, murder, and other heinous crimes committed against them spread across the land as soldiers sent to quell the rebellions of the vassal states became armies of occupancy.  This oppression led those slaves to take desperate measures, many of them seeking escape across the river Aosolagessa into the lands of a mystical leader by the name of ‘Haudenosaunez’.
As more and more of the enslaved occupation escaped into the west, across the Aosolagessa, the number of field workers growing and harvesting the maize began to dwindle, affecting the amounts of grain being shipped south for that ever-hungry population.  This, coupled with the Venetian trade embargo against the Southlands over unfair tariff practices, virtually isolating the western world from Africa and Europe, created a growing famine in the high lord’s kingdom.  Something needed to be done and quickly!  The high lord instituted a series of plans to accomplish it, but it was left up to his successor to set things into motion.

High Lord Othangooganthopen’s plan of operations was dynamically straightforward.  He would gather a huge force from the south to act as his primary war machine to invade across the river Aosolagessa.  Meanwhile, the loyal city-states east of the river and what allied nations there were west of the river would begin harassing all the rabble estates uniting with this escaped slave, Haudenosaunez.  He would also unleash his Anoofimnihe against any city-state unwilling to submit to his wishes, as well as sending them out to bring ruin to any slaves seeking escape across the western river.  Othangooganthopen had only begun to implement the first phase of his invasion plans…the harassing of any peoples friendly to Haudenosaunez…when things began to go awry.
It started with the Battle of Andernach, a small, vicious little event that should have drawn scant attention from the Hormaxians except that several of Lucas DeCantor’s papal under-priests were caught up and murdered at this time.  DeCantor believed that the murders were instigated by Hormaxian priests in Constantinople who were attempting to extend their power and influence in the Order over the Papal Church in Rome.  Breathing vengeful threats, the lord over the Gray Hearts clandestinely raised the ire of the Khazars, who already harbored resentment for the many violations of the Russo-Byzantine Treaty they believed had been committed by the current, reigning Byzantine authorities.
When news reached the ears of the Hormaxian leadership in Constantinople, a delegation hurried away secretly to Rome for a meeting with the high proconsul of the Gray Hearts.  Not knowing that DeCantor was the force urging the Rus to war, the delegation accepted DeCantor’s recommendation for a parley with the Khazar chieftains in a small village, some miles west of the city of Constantinople, there to hammer out an agreement of peace and sanctuary between the parties.  DeCantor promised to make all the arrangements.
On the appointed evening, two dozen Hormaxian priests from the orders of the Gray Hearts and four members of the White Warlocks gathered at a monastery in the designated village to await the arrival of Igor the Younger of Kiev and the lord over the Gray Hearts, to negotiate a peace treaty between the Eastern Orthodox Church and the Rus.  Instead of arriving for peaceful talks, Igor, who believed the Eastern Church leaders were responsible for the death of his wife and older sister, delivered his revenge upon the men gathered at the monastery, executing all the people there and then burning the building down around their bodies.
The murder of these Hormaxian priests not only mollified the heart of DeCantor for the deaths of his own priestly servants, but also weakened the powers of the Hormaxian overlords in the Byzantine, thus strengthening the grip of the Roman Church over Europe.  It also set the entire Hormaxian House in the Byzantine region ablaze.  They sent representatives into the west to protest what they believed was a treasonous act committed against them by the lord over the House of the Gray Hearts.
Of course, DeCantor denied any personal involvement in the matter, saying that while true, he was involved in setting up a conference between the Rus and Hormaxian leadership in Constantinople, he had trusted to Igor’s honesty in wanting to make a peace settlement…a blatant lie in the minds of the Eastern Orthodox leadership.  After being refused their request to have the lord over the Gray Hearts removed, the Byzantine Hormaxian overlords threatened to go to war against the Roman leadership.  Their demands not being met, they fomented war against Rome, culminating in the battle on the River Raxa, with the Germans defeating the Slavs, a humiliating defeat for the Eastern Orthodox Hormaxians and a great victory for DeCantor and his Roman League.
High Lord Othangooganthopen, who had been slowly building up his armies of Anoofimnihe in the Northlands for several years, was forced to turn his attention away from those lands and focus on Europe.  He left his newly delivered southern armies in the Northlands, staying their western invasion until he had settled matters between Rome and Constantinople, believing in his personal ability to quickly negotiate a satisfactory end to hostilities there.    The delay would end up proving terribly costly to the northern inhabitants east of the river Aosolagessa.  With the lord over the White Warlocks, SonnaTewabittin, along with other high-ranking Hormaxian priests and Maruk servants, High Lord Othangooganthopen departed aboard his submarine boat for the Italian coast, but never reached his intended destination.
Report soon came to DeCantor that somewhere in the Atlantean Sea, the high lord’s submarine boat sank, officers on accompanying submarine boats saying the his boat suddenly ejected black clouds of oil and ash out its exhaust ports just before turning upside down, as it spiraled wildly down into the black abyss, no report of distress being sent.  Searchers found pieces of the boat scattered across twenty square miles of the Atlantean sea floor.  Although a thorough investigation was made, no reason for the boat’s demise was ever discovered, the conclusion being that the newly developed, high pressure radon boilers suffered a catastrophic failure, instantly killing all on board before the boat plunged to the depths below.

(Author’s note… By this time in history, the Hormaxian navy boats traversed both sea and sky.  So, when this report cites that Othangooganthopen’s submarine boat plunged to the bottom of the Atlantean Sea, it was not noted in the logs of the other boats whether it exploded in the sky and fell into the sea, or that it was traveling under the water at the time of the disaster.  From the description of the size of the debris field, one is led to conclude that the high lord’s boat was airborne and traveling at a high rate of speed.
Rae Tomassie claims that none of his warships were in the vicinity, nor did any of his officers know about this clandestine meeting of the high lord’s.  He does point out that the style of high pressure, radon boilers being developed by the Hormaxians at this time were with the hopes of breaking through the inter-dimensional barrier…a secret Rae’s Submariners had managed to attain several hundred years before.  Rae theorizes that either the high lord attempted some kind of inter-dimensional interface or, more likely, fuel ratios in the boilers were miscalculated, sending the system into an impact reverse overload.  This was also an issue faced by Rae’s Submariners before abandoning their experiments with that kind of drive system.)

When news reached DeCantor’s ears, he immediately departed for the Southlands in hopes of arriving at the dead high lord’s city while everything remained in a state of confusion.  He had little to worry about.  Among those on board Othangooganthopen’s submarine boat were his Keepers of Divine Treasures and many of his Maruk priestly servants, leaving DeCantor and his Gray Heart servant priests the uninterrupted run of the high lord’s estate.
In his searching of Othangooganthopen’s personal possessions, DeCantor discovered the ancient Hormaxian chest along with a vast amount of books and scrolls written by Hormaxian high lords going all the way back to Egypt.   Among other treasures DeCantor took back to Rome were several official garments, signet rings and other ornate jewelry, omen cups, and most importantly, a key that unlocked the mysterious, ancient chest.  Soon after returning to Rome, the Gray House lord hid all these treasures deep within the catacombs under Vatican City, but he never got to explore his vast findings.
Shortly after his return to Rome, DeCantor, an aged man now in his late seventies, suffered a massive heart attack, dying in his bed in the middle of the night.  His servant and assistant, Orthan Garick, an orphan raised up in a monastery on the northern outskirts of Rome, had been taken by DeCantor as a boy in his teens to attend to the man’s domestic needs.  Over the years, Orthan was drawn into DeCantor’s inner circle of confidants, eventually becoming his squire and secretary.  It was Orthan who discovered the lord’s body after his demise.  Orthan had also accompanied his master to the Southlands and helped him deliver the high lord’s treasures back to Rome.
Not sure what to do, Garick waited for the arrival of other high Hormaxian dignitaries to provide guidance.  None came.  Eventually, he began rummaging through the books and scrolls of the former high lord, in time building up the courage to open the ancient chest delivered from the Southlands.  As the man studied the secrets found there, he gradually began to comprehend the immense depth and breadth of the Hormaxian secret order, its long history, and it interconnections with rulers in other realms.
Orthan Garick was not a timid man, and he was well trained in the arts of war, but he was filled with overwhelming fear at the realization of the predicament he was faced with.  From DeCantor’s personal notes, written just after their returning to Rome, Garick became aware that, with his former master’s untimely death, there were no remaining leaders in the Hormaxian Order.  What would the spirit powers do to him when they discovered that he, such a lowly and unclean man, not only possessed all the secret records of this order, but had also examined them thoroughly?  Filled with great trepidation, he quietly slunk about in deep, hidden chambers waiting the arrival of the Hormaxian heavenly host, terrified of what was to be his future fate.
The heavenly host never arrived.  As time passed, Garick found himself carrying on correspondence and personal meetings with other Hormaxian leaders of the Gray Hearts, speaking as a representative of his former lord, the others not knowing of the man’s death.  After about six months of playing this charade, he donned the vestments of the lord over the House of the Gray Hearts.  This proved so successful that, within a year, he had taken over the leadership of the entire order, making himself the self-appointed high lord over the Black Hearts.  Over the following years, he rebuilt the Order to fit his expectations, an illegitimate son having never been ordained into any of the houses now ruler over the most powerful man-made organization on Earth.
Orthan Garick had a passionate love for DeCantor, and had expended all his energies supporting the man’s ambitions during his lifetime.  Even after his death, Garick refused to surrender up those visions regarding the Papal Church and its destined future.  Garick also believed what the Hormaxian writings reported concerning Lucifer, that he was the one and only true god, and this YHWH was, at best, his little sister who had stolen the magic of secret powers from him while he was assisting mankind in developing their societies.  With all the energies he could muster, Garick spent the remainder of his life preparing for the coming New World Order, using the Papal Church as the catalyst for its deliverance.
From lands far to the east to all the former worlds of the Norse, into every religious and political circle, Garick infiltrated his illuminated creation and their offspring.  Only Africa and the western lands escaped his intrusions, Africa to pacify the Moors over their growing losses in Europe and the Mediterranean Sea.  These policies of the new high lord would shape Church history for the next four hundred years, until a young woman who claimed visions from Michael the Archangel would turn the world from a religious mindset to a politically nationalistic one.  From this new, nationalistic vision would rise six great European powers vying for control of the rest of the planet.
Garick did not attempt to take control of the western worlds either in the south or north.  One reason was that he understood well the treaties of HETH and did not believe he could successfully counter the mystical powers of the Haudenosaunez without the military might of the spirit allies.  When those allies finally did arrive, they concentrated their energies on the former lands of Meric, setting those worlds aflame with war while ignoring Europe and Asia.  Little would remain of value in those western lands for High Lord Garick after the winds of war had calmed, the Hormaxian overlords abandoning them to their own fate until their very existence faded from the minds of the powers in Europe.

*   *    *

Salak had not lost interest in Earthly events, ignoring the change in Hormaxian power away from the Southlands and back to Rome.  His attention was focused on situations in his own world, forcing him to concentrate all his energies there.  For the time being, the Realms Below were being delivered to their own fate, the moment far too critical for this wizard to be distracted by such unimportant matters.  The Southlands were secure even if they no longer hosted the top Hormaxian leadership, the land not void of the Order’s influence.  There were still many leaders from the three houses, and nearly half of the eighteen lords who sat the high council were from there.  Othangooganthopen’s son, Hosipganthopen, now sat the throne as king over the united southern city-states, the man in the House of the Black Hearts, a visionary understanding the politics of Hormaxian rulership, and an influential statesman.  He would hold the Southlands together until time permitted Salak’s renewed attention, or so he believed.
Salak had long been stoking the fires of discontent with Gadreel in hopes the fellow’s ire could be set ablaze at the right moment so that Legion and Godenn would be distracted enough for him to sweep the Earth with his Southland religion, set up the New World Order, and get all the accolades from Asotos for delivering to him what he had so long wished for.  He could see himself being made second in command over the League of Brothers, even issuing orders to those two undeserving miscreants, Godenn and Legion!  He would teach them, they ever regretting his mistreatment at their hands!
What Salak did not know was that Gadreel had long been sowing seeds of discontent among the rulers over other city-state star systems.  Through the propaganda proffered by Gadreel, fueled by the false information being fed him by Salak, several of these other rulers in the League believe that Asotos was planning a coup against them so that he might set up an absolute dictatorship over the peoples, stealing from them their right of limited self-rule.  Asotos must not be permitted opportunity to gobble up these co-regencies ,one at a time, as they believed he was planning.
The League was a confederacy of independent states, recognizing Asotos as head counsel and magistrate over the confederacy, but other than for mutual defense and benefit, he was to remain out of their internal business.  The confederacy, called the ‘League of Brothers’, had officially been formed shortly before the Rift Apocalypse (the first Aphrodite War) began, when the universe became divided into opposing, armed camps.  The unification of the many rebellious kingdoms in the First Realm also influenced an open rebellion by Noah’s descendants, with Nimrod establishing himself as the world’s first kingly dictator.

(Author’s note… This historical event occurred shortly after the flood of Noah’s day, the recognized timeline for Earthly men being recorded with the birthing of Shem’s great grandson, the reason for the child being named ‘Peleg’.
Also noteworthy, the first Aphrodite War was little more than a series of skirmishes when compared to the third and final of what came to be called the ‘Aphrodite Wars’.  It began for Noah’s children during Nimrod’s rise to power and his joining into confederation with Hormax at Gilgamesh and ended shortly after the spirits of the slain from the Great Flooding took to the skies on serpents’ wings to change the language of all mankind.  Though quite nasty at times, and affecting the world of men forever, there was little loss of life, a few hundreds at most perishing in a scattering of small battles.  Still, it portended the future when proud and despotic overlords, egged on by demons, would savage the peoples of Earth for the sake of power and glory.)

Asotos had skillfully managed to bind this confederacy together with a ‘carrot and stick’ policy of lavish, public reward through his generous hand upon those loyal to him, while quietly influencing faithful lieutenants to deliver ‘needed incentive’ to assist others back into line.  Gadreel well understood these political intrigues, knowing how little chance he had should he attempt secession from the League of Brothers on his own.  Unlike other city-states that had failed in their rebellion by making lone declarations of independence, Gadreel had secretly conspired with several other vassal kingdoms to stand up as one against their unjust overlord.
Gadreel struck quickly, taking Asotos and Salak by total surprise.  Within days, he had overrun three of Asotos’ colonial capital cities in nearby star-systems.  Standing in front of the courthouse in the city of Stansnoble, he unveiled the flag representing the new confederacy of United Free States, inviting other city-states to join this new confederacy in ‘throwing off the imperial yoke of a despotic overlord who is seeking the enslavement of all free men’.  As the list of atrocities, real and imagined, committed by Asotos and his henchmen, and his intentions for the subjugation of all independent citizens of the League of Brothers were revealed by Gadreel and his co-conspirators, other city-states began to waffle over where they should place their loyalty.
One of the major reasons for the rebellion against Lowenah was the belief, as told them by Asotos and his cohorts, that she was planning a coup upon all the people by lifting up a woman to become king over them.  Already, she had publicly handed over the Lower Realms to this person.  How long would it be before the children of the First Realm would have to pull on their forelocks in submission to her?  If they had already turned away from the person claiming to have built the universe and given them life over this issue of sovereign freedom, did they want to place themselves under the yoke of another taskmaster who was recognized as only being one of their brothers?
As the hour became desperate, what with the United Free States gaining one military victory after another, the besieged city-states often capitulating without a serious fight, and with other colonial systems vacillating over where their loyalties rested, Asotos determined that something needed to be done quickly to reunite the League of Brothers.  The most effective way to do this was to have a common enemy for the League to focus its attention on.  But who was there other than the Children’s Empire to do this, a collection of independent city-states loyal to Lowenah?  The Children’s Empire certainly would not intervene in a civil war among states in the League of Brothers.  No, they would rather watch the League of Brothers devour itself into destruction.
Yet there was no other hope for the survival of the League of Brothers and Asotos’ lordship other than to draw the Children’s Empire into a war with the League.  Was the statement not so true, ‘The enemy of my enemy is my brother’?  The Children’s Empire was the only common enemy that could truly threaten everyone in the League of Brothers.  Asotos must do something to provoke the Children’s Empire into making war upon them, but what?  The answer came to him on a dark, gloomy day when he and his chief lieutenants had gathered together in an attempt to find a solution to their current dilemma.
After several suggestions had been bantered about, disgruntled, Asotos slammed his fist down on the table.  “You fools do not understand a thing!  The Children’s Empire must declare war on us.  It is the only way the rebel states will gather themselves back into the League’s fold!  Should we be seen as having provoked a war with them, then I believe those allied with the United Free States will stand back, taking a neutral stance, or possibly even unite with the Children’s Empire in delivering our destruction.  No, the scorpion must appear to strike first while the adder innocently sleeps on a sunny rock!”
As he sat there, listening to Asotos’ rants, Legion recalled a council of HETH when, as told him by Salak, Gabrielle threatened to deliver war upon the League of Brothers should any military might from the Realms Above be delivered into the worlds of Earthling men.  He stood after being recognized.  “I do believe an answer to this dilemma may be near the door.”
Asotos, eyes beaming with anticipation, commanded, “Do tell us!”
Looking toward the doorway and then back at Asotos, Legion replied, “It will be through the lips of my lieutenant, SalakTaqadam, that the full account may be revealed to us, he being a witness to events at a recent Council of HETH that Gabrielle personally attended.  Let me recall him from his combat duties so that he may speak this matter to you, revealing a possible solution for us.”
Asotos instantly accepted Legion’s recommendation.  Soon Salak was shipping aboard a fast dreadnaught, heading for a secret rendezvous with Asotos.  In eight days’ time, he was seated at a council table, explaining his experience at his last meeting with Gabrielle.
“The creature said to me that should the League of Brothers deliver as much as one fighting scow into that universe, it would be considered an aggressive act of war.  For this reason, I have been very careful not to provoke such wrath and plunge us into war.  But I have built up an army of loyal, human servants and hybrid beast-men to wrestle the western world from the Haudenosaunez.  I was nearly ready to spring my trap when this nasty little rebellion began here.”
Salak made no mention of his own clandestine activities to provoke civil unrest with Gadreel.  His original reason for doing so was to distract Legion and Godenn with other, more pressing matters as he used his Earthly forces to conquer the world and set up his New World Order.  Gadreel had moved prematurely, and gone around behind him to encourage other city-states to follow him in rebellion.
Paying no heed to what Salak’s original motives might have been, Asotos saw a golden opportunity to draw the Children’s Empire into declaring war on the League of Brothers.  Such a declaration should reunite his confederacy back together to fight off this common enemy, thus saving his empire.  What it might cost him in people and materials mattered little to him.  He must preserve the empire and his dynamic rulership over it!  Indeed, if he was successful, Asotos would settle matters in a way that would assure his rule could never be threatened again.
Orders were now given to Salak to equip a light division of the League’s elite soldiers…three thousand men…along with a dozen heavy warships and two score of fighters, in preparation for an expeditionary force from the League of Brothers going to the defense of his Earthly allies after ‘vicious and unprovoked attacks by the Children’s Empire’.  Asotos commanded Salak, “I want a reason, justifying what appears to be our retaliatory counter-measures for atrocities committed against your people!  Those counter-measures are to be violent and destructive in the extreme, forcing our enemy to make a declaration of war against us.  They must be the ones to lift the banner of war, thus uniting our city-states together in a common defense of this empire.”
Salak was a sadistic, diabolical monster, reveling in whatever pain he inflicted on others.  The brutal atrocities meted out in his torture chambers were only rivaled by Legion’s unspeakable practices against those unfortunate enough to be made his captives.  This personality trait did not affect the man’s tactical genius or political strategizing.  Asotos could have found no one more qualified to successfully carry out his commands.  Salak soon put into motion a series of events that would draw the entire universe into a war of mayhem and destruction greater than that witnessed in the battle of the Day of Tears during the Great War.  Peace would only eventually come through a war of attrition, devastation and annihilation.

*    *    *

Finding his Hormaxian Houses in disarray with the death of High Lord Othangooganthopen, Salak chose not to upset the current arrangement, allowing Orthan Garick to remain as Hormaxian high lord until things settled down a bit, seeing that the man had managed to keep the Hormaxian military machine operational and ready for his use should the need arise.  For the moment, he needed to raise the ire of the Children’s Empire by feigning excuse to deliver the League’s forces into this realm, and could not afford to risk installing another southern high lord until time permitted his proper training.
  Othangooganthopen’s son, Hosipganthopen was a weak-minded, indecisive man.  Since his father’s death, he had done little after taking up the throne other than lead the people in their festivals.  The army Othangooganthopen sent into the Northlands in preparation to invade the territories across the river Aosolagessa had basically been abandoned to their own wiles, Hosipganthopen unable to decide what to do with them.  He feared the enemy in the west, and rumors of the witches and wizards who watched over those peoples beyond the river unnerved him.  So he sat, pondering what to do, while nearly a quarter of a million warriors uprooted from the Southlands, as well as thousands of Anoofimnihe, wandered aimlessly about the countryside, making mischief while generally pissing off the populace of the many Northland city-states.
It had never been the intention of the former high lord to permit his oldest son to ever take the throne, but such are the fortunes of fate.  After Othangooganthopen’s untimely death, DeCantor had arranged with the lesser Hormaxian priests of the council to appoint Hosipganthopen as interim ruler until someone from the Hormaxian House would be given the throne, seeing that Hosipganthopen had never been introduced into the order.  The feeling was that he was ‘too much a doddard and fool for any position’.  Truth be said, DeCantor intentionally did this to weaken the Hormaxian power in the Southlands, so that that glory could be returned to Rome.  DeCantor left no written record for why he had recommended Hosipganthopen be elevated to king in his father’s stead.  Garick’s ambition to see Papal Rome regain its rightful place in Hormaxian politics led the man to ignore the western Southlands, caring little for their successes or failures.
When Salak saw the dismal state of affairs the Southlands had fallen into, he immediately set about remedying the situation.  His first course of action was to remove Hosipganthopen from the throne, Aganthopen seeing to his father’s quick demise.  Aganthopen was the direct opposite of his father.  At twenty-two, he was already a war hero, having stormed the walls of three rebellious palace cities in the Northlands, earning the rank of Orgon (general), in command of three thousand men.  He was merciless and cruel with anyone he considered an enemy, but doted over those people loyal to him.  Within three days of taking up the throne, he sent eight thousand men, women, and children to the temples to be sacrificed to the gods for not celebrating his inauguration day.  Loyalty was not an option, a message he wished to swiftly deliver to these people throughout his kingdom.  Salak beamed with pleasure, knowing he had chosen well.
Aganthopen remained unaware of the real rulers over the Southland empire, never achieving membership in the House of Hormax.  Salak chose to make contact with this servant through priestly incantations and ghostly shadow-shapes, claiming to be the new king’s grandfather, Othangooganthopen.  Only days from the time Salak first contacted Aganthopen, the ruler was sending priestly emissaries by fast horses to the allied kingdom of Aztakazea, located in the Northlands, west of the river Aosolagessa.

*    *    *

King-priest Zezssa sat, silently listening to the black-robed emissaries, their hooded faces hidden in dark shadows.  “It is such a little thing that King Aganthopen asks of you, seeing the many gifts he has already showered upon your people.  And so many more will you receive for these little favors he asks of you.  Gold and silver have flowed into your hands, magic weapons, fast horses and wheeled fighting machines.  All these things and more have been delivered up to you…and yet so much more is yet to be delivered.”
Zezssa leaned forward, his nostrils sniffing the air made foul by these robed creatures, as if death had long overcome them and all that remained were decomposing bodies of rotting flesh.  Tales had long been told him about the Southlands and the priests’ blood experiments, about half demon/human man-beasts that were birthed deep under the stone temples, and undead servants of the gods called ‘lieges’ that roamed those lands, delivering curses and blessings to those of their choosing.  If these emissaries were those mysterious lieges, it would be wise to pay heed to their offers, but first, find out what they demanded in return for those gifts.
He lifted a goblet filled with wine and blood of that morning’s sacrifice.  After taking a sip and setting the goblet down, he looked into hidden shadows, replying, “Already my people harass the scattered tribes to our north, risking reprisal from this Haudenosaunez who grow more powerful by the day.  In the south, we have driven the peoples from their rich valley farms into the rocks and craggy places, their fear of us in the extreme.  All this was done with the promise of your former king that he would soon move his armies across the river to bring an end to our enemies.  Yet that has not happened.”
 A swift reply came in the form of an impatient hiss. “They will come soon… very soon!  That is a promise from our lord.  Little is asked of you but for your assistance at the moment so that excuse may be made for future actions taken.  Many are the gifts we have to offer for our tiny request.”
After taking another sip from the goblet, Zezssa swirled its liquid about, commenting, “The blood of this morning’s child only sweetens the wine.  The gods have not delivered health back to my own son.  Yet, for over thirty mornings, I have drained life from other children, seeking the gods’ intercession.  It is not gold or silver that I wish for.  In these very hills there is hidden more gold than in all the Southlands.  What I want is my son’s health restored!  That is what must be done, if you wish for my assistance.”
The spokesman for the emissaries nodded, gesturing with a withered hand.  “Medicine we do possess to cure the boy and, yes, we will be willing to deliver that cure if you will do for our king this one little thing.  If you agree, then this very night we will return your son’s health to him.”  The hooded person then wagged a finger in warning.  “But, should you fail to carry out everything you must promise, then the cure, itself, will strike him down until he expires in a most horrendous death!  What then do you say?”
Zezssa did not flinch nor hesitate in replying.  “Whatever your king wishes, up to the point of sacrificing my son upon the high altar, I will do for you if a cure is delivered so that he can ride beside me in my wagon of war.  But the cure must come to him before one more thing will be done for your king or his gods!”
The spokesman bowed his head.  “Tonight…yes, tonight this will be accomplished.  In the morning, your son will stand up beside you in your chariot.  Then you will see that it is so.  Then you will finish all that has been requested of you.”
Smiling, before drinking down the last of the wine, Zezssa answered, “It shall be done just as you desire.”

*    *    *

For over fifteen days, the army had occupied the valley below the cliff dwellings.  The people hiding behind the walls up in those crags looked down with parched tongues upon countless clay jars filled with fresh, life-saving water.  General Toosueboo, commander over Zezssa’s invading army, slowly paced back and forth as he called up to those thirsty crowds.  “Look and see!  We bring you needed refreshment.  If your harm was our purpose, would we have labored so?  No!  Are you not also our brothers, our forebears the same flesh?  Were we not once sired by the same father and nursed by the same mother?  Come down, please, and quench your thirst, and eat the food we have provided for you.  It is not your souls that we have come to take.  Why, even your dwellings and possessions we have no desire for.”
Throughout the heat of the day, the general continued to cry out to the people hiding high up in the stony crags until, gradually, one by one, the peoples descended their narrow ladders, the mothers with their little ones coming first, for they feared the death of their children should they go much longer without water.  As the others looked down upon their kindred being permitted to drink their fill and then given foods as they reclined upon the ground, they, too, soon gave in to their own needs and desires, descending into the valley to receive the life-giving water.  And the people reclined upon the ground as their leaders surrendered to General Toosueboo and his army.
It was about the time of the setting of the sun, when the people were relaxing, taking their ease, that the army quietly gathered itself up and surrounded the people.  Then, at a signal call, they rushed in on the people with clubs and cudgels, falling upon the people with a great slaughter of all the men and older women.  The little children and young maidens they dragged off by ropes to be delivered up to their temple priests.  Thus the people of the city came to their end.  This General Toosueboo did with all the people of these clans until the land cried out in its desolate silence.

As soon as Salak received news that King Zezssa had carried out all that had been demanded of him, he implemented Operation Revenge.  Two dozen sky-ship fighters painted in the colors of the Children’s Empire fell out of the Heavens upon the cities of the Southlands, burning them with fiery destruction, flying low so that report might be made that the armies of the Children’s Empire had violated the treaty, promising to stay out of human affairs.

The priest bowed before King Aganthopen.  “Yes, my Great Lord, your father’s spirit is in a righteous rage over the evil done to us by the gods of darkness.  He tells us that it was by the voice of this Haudenosaunez, through incantations and sacrifice, that the gods struck down our men and women.”  He began to weep, “And our children…our helpless, little children!  All of them slaughtered because this man called down evil against us, because of what one of his own kind did in a land far from our reach!”
Aganthopen jumped up from his throne, crying out his wrath while shaking a fist high.  “Not a soul of those people shall remain alive!  As I live, it shall be!”  At that, he set his scribes to writing orders for all his northern army commanders.  “No longer can there be any mercy shown to the rabble blood of Meric!  Cleanse the land of their filth!  Not one soul of theirs shall remain to the tenth generation!  You are to remove them from before you.  And when you have cleansed the world of this filth on this side of the river, then you must march to the west and remove forever the name of Meric, by bringing to a finish any who may call him ‘father’.”

*    *    *

Aphrodite sat back in her chair, studying the memo given her by Chasileah.  As she read it, a dark cloud swept her face, a sad frown growing into dismay.  At length, she looked up at those of the Haudensaunez and Sky Children gathered for an emergency meeting of their members on the HETH Council.  “This is written in the very hand of Legion.  There will be no meeting of HETH this day nor any day in the foreseeable future, for that matter unless…unless.”  She paused, staring at the message.  “Let me read this part to you.

‘Not only was the unprovoked attack against innocent inhabitants of the Southland cities a treacherous and repugnant act committed by the hand of the Children’s Empire and their allies, it demonstrates a complete and total disregard for the very treaty recently agreed to between the different parties at HETH by the mouths of Gabrielle and Noahashonie, demanding that the Lower Realms be permitted to choose their own destinies with no direct interference from the Upper Realms.  This the League of Brothers has faithfully done, regardless of the cost or inconvenience to their loyal servants in the Realms Below!
‘These criminal acts cannot be ignored by the League of Brothers!  Until the Children’s Empire admits to these vile acts of treachery, and those responsible for the perpetrating  these violent, wicked atrocities are delivered into our hands so that justice may be served, the League of Brothers will have no diplomatic intercourse with the Children’s Empire!
‘Let it also be made known that any future act considered hostile to the League’s loyal servants in the Realms Below will not be tolerated!  As the Children’s Empire and its ilk have often declared that they have a moral obligation to those of the lowly worlds, so does the League of Brothers feel about those righteous souls who are faithful to it.  Any form of aggression against those innocents will be met with appropriate counter-measures!’”

Placing the document on the table, Aphrodite sighed.  “Hell hath come upon the worlds of men and angels!  This is a declaration of war without the formal declaration…”
PalaHar spoke up.  “Spies report that General SalakTaqadam has moved a fleet of warships into the Middle Realm through Spores Gate jump portal.  Peculiarly troubling it is, but now I believe we have the reason why.  Asotos is being threatened with a civil uprising and needs a distraction to contain it.  I also believe he plans some kind of mischief in these lower worlds to draw us into a conflict.”
Baalath shook his head.  “I don’t understand it at all!  Few are the lands on this planet that are not already under the control of Asotos’ servants.  What is there to be gained by delivering war here, it only destroying the works of his own hands?”
PalaHar answered, “Asotos cares not for the welfare of those he calls ‘monkey children’.  They are little more than players on a game board.  If the entire world were to burn up in fire and brimstone to serve his purpose, it would be of minor concern to him.”  He lifted a hand.  “But for the Children of Light, he knows the souls of mankind are precious to them, especially those who have not bent a knee to Lucifer.”  He pointed at Noah.  “It is no secret how precious the ‘misfit children’ of this world are to this woman.  Recall your own words, Lord Beaufort, said to that Roman officer, ‘You have touched the eyeball of God.’  It is no secret that Noah and her daughter will raise Hell to Heaven to defend those they love.  Yes, it is true that Asotos knows well who this woman is.  He also knows that her disposition is like that of a mother she-bear protecting her threatened cubs.  Don’t piss this woman off! Yes, he knows that quite well.
“One more thing…  The miscreant is also aware that Noah and Gabrielle are attached at the hip.  As goes the one, so goes the other.  And what of the rest of you, the Haudenosaunez, and your secret empire world of loyal children?  Will you not all gather around the banner of war if only asked by this woman…even if you are not asked?
“I tell you this, Noah would rather bring the universe to ruin than to see her daughter’s children wiped out from this world!  That Asotos knows, and I believe that he intends to raise their dander, or at least attempt it, by threatening those children.  He knows, for a fact, that Gabrielle will convince Michael and the others to declare war on the League of Brothers should it attempt to bring ruin to the children of Meric.  Whether she does or not, Noah and Hyhoset and the rest of you Haudenosaunez will deliver war upon us anyway, for you will not tolerate such an abhorrent act committed against Meric!  As your own, inspired prophets have spoken, ‘Better would it be for Heaven and Earth to pass away than one prophetic word to go unfulfilled.’”
Noahashonie stood, peering into PalaHar’s face.  “My Lord, from the first day my eyes fell upon you, I have loved you, and our sweet romance inside these rooms of Eden, I have cherished.  My soul instead of yours I would willingly surrender should you only ask it of me.  So please believe me that I mean no disrespect when I make this reply.
“My Lord, my brothers and sisters from this world and the one above, the powers of darkness do know me and are aware of the murderous glory I possess within my bosom.  Yet, for these many generations of men, I have only revealed that glory when in the council of HETH.  Like your mother, my Lowenah, I have held back that glory, waiting upon times and seasons to be fulfilled.  And so I have waited down to this day, watching my children and the children of my daughter and her husband, the child of my husband Javan, walk about in chains, slaughtered upon the high places to demon gods, enslaved and hunted down like wild dogs, and treated in other ways too disgusting to speak about.  Yet I have withheld my hand from coming to their defense.
“But now the hour of jubilation nears and, as my child, Hyhoset, ‘Witch Queen Monacan’ to her children, declared to the chieftains in the Long Moot Hall at AttaWannahuattahan a lifetime of mankind ago, when Haudenosaunez (WonnahHawnataun) was only a little boy, that like the sons of Jacob there would be tribulation and devastation for those people… seventy years, and then salvation would arrive for them.  My Lord PalaHar, that promise uttered was with the silent blessing of your kind, a promise that stands the courts of justice as well as any spoken through the spirit of those prophets of Jacob.  Your kind accepted that promise as such.
“So here is the way it is, and shall be.  When that hour is finally arrived to its full, or should our enemy attempt a coup upon that promise and seek the annihilation of those children, if your kind do not stand up beside the children of Dancing Stones’ funeral pyre, then I and my kind will unleash the whirlwind against Earth and Heaven, and bring Satan’s house down to nothing, whether it is his hour or not!  Let all prophecy be damned should one given by an Earthly angel be ignored!”
PalaHar bowed his head in sadness, confessing, “My kind has bound ourselves with an oath that cannot be broken.  As goes the one, so shall go the other.  Are we not all become of just one blood, one mind, and one heart?  It pains me so, knowing that this will lead to war and slaughter so that rivers of blood…evil and righteous…will flow into the seas both here and in the worlds above.  But there is nothing else for it.  We have promised our unfailing allegiance to you and your kindred.  I speak for my people when I say that if the wizard Haudenosaunez do not reveal their glory in the upcoming contest, then my people will stand beside the men of this Earthly world in life and death, to bring your promises to a finish.”
Chasileah stood.  “I rise as witness in support of what Lord PalaHar speaks.  As goes the one, so goes the other.  Live and die as one we will, should that be demanded of us.  What is bound on Earth shall be released in the Heavens.  Let us pray that war will not be Destiny’s road for us.”
Aphrodite stood and bowed her head.  “Should all your words remain true then, with sword and buckler, the might found with arms of flesh, we the children of spirit blood shall join with our brethren of Heaven and Earth to deliver the children of Meric from destruction!  Our uncanny powers shall be left remaining hidden within the bosom of Eden.  To death or life, to the ending of all things, we shall be faithful to our oath to you!”
PalaHar smiled grimly.  “So it shall then be…”

*   *   *

Horrific tales told by the few refugees who had escaped across to the western shore of the river Aosolagessa chilled the hearts of Chief Haudenosaunez and his people.  It was just too much to comprehend, too much to believe.  When the first reports were made of the mindless slaughter of entire villages of peoples and the hunting down of every domestic animal on that side of the river, they were considered fanciful stories.  But no, it was all true, as these latest survivors were informing them.
“They came to our village in the early morning hours, when only a few were awake and stirring about, giants half again as tall as the mightiest of our people!  With clubs and axes, they slew all they could catch, skinning them and chopping them up while they were still screaming out in their death throes, and hanging their flesh upon the drying racks or roasting it over huge fires.  And our domestic animals, and flocks and droves they slaughtered upon the ground, but did not eat them, leaving them to rot in the heat of the day.”
The spokesman for the tiny party of three men, two women, and one female child, lowered his head, weeping, “It was the same wherever we fled!  All the people being slaves to the southern masters were dragged from their dwellings, be it in the cities or in humble villages far out in the countryside, and were murdered and eaten or taken by the priests to be sacrificed to their gods.  Of over two hundred in our village, only we few managed to make escape across the river and to your camp!”
Another recent arrival, a man whose fingers on one hand had been cut away as he made escape, spoke up.  “Not only the domestic animals are being slaughtered.  Even the deer, elk, bear, wolf and fox, and to the smallest of rodents and squirrels that are found, are torn to pieces by these evil beast-men and left to rot upon the ground!  Only the flesh of humans do these creatures consume, making everyone in their company do the same.  Out in front of the armies of the Southlands they go, raiding and destroying everything in their path!  Even those in the cities fear Lucifer’s army, for it does not discern between friend or foe.”
Chief Haudenosaunez asked, “You call it Lucifer’s army.  Why?”
The man answered, “The priests of the Southlands lead these most horrible of abominations!  With black flags and crimson banners, they march to the beat of the sacred drums.  The priests bless the giant man-beasts, their handlers receiving the red crosses of Marduk as reward for successful campaigns against the innocent.  As everyone knows, Lucifer is the god of the Southlands!”
While the man was speaking, a harried rider galloped up, jumping excitedly from his mount, not waiting to be recognized.  “The armies of Aztakazea march north under the banner of King Zezssa, burning the villages of our clansmen to the south, the people fleeing for their lives as his army approaches!”
Immediately, Haudenosaunez dispatched riders to gather all the chieftains to the Long Moot Hall in his city of Shenango.  In the meantime, he sent four hundred of his horse soldiers, along with a mixed company of riders from other clans, to hurry toward the south to harass and slow Zezssa’s advance.  By evening the following day, dozens of chieftains from the various clans had gathered in the city’s moot hall.
Chief Haudenosaunez, a man well into his eighties, but still as strong and vibrant as a man in his young manhood, was a most respected person.  When he spoke, the other chieftains would quietly listen, fearing to interrupt this wise man’s inspired words.  Tonight was the same, all ears bent to hear what this child of the gods had to speak.
“My holy brothers and sisters, it has been for this very day of distress that the Great Spirit has rescued your fathers and mothers so that your birth might deliver you to this very hour of coming tribulation!  The wizards of our world have waked and walk even now among us to deliver us from our enemies, but not without our sacrifice.  Our mother, Queen Monacan, stands at our gates to speak to our hearts, as she has done this last night in my visions upon my bed.  She asks of me…asks of you, ‘Do you have the courage to face this coming hour?  Gather your warriors, your men and women, your young and your old, your virgins and young men, with weapons of destruction!  Prepare to gather your power against the approaching enemy!’”  Peering into the many concerned and distraught faces, Chief Haudenosaunez raised his fist high, asking, “Do you have the courage to listen to our mother’s voice?!”
Before anyone could make reply, a strong wind burst through the moot hall doorway, whipping the fire up the hole in the roof and into the night, leaving the room momentarily in darkness.  When the fire regained its power, why, standing there in the midst of the people were Queens Monacan and Tucson.
Well, the many chieftains and others in the hall were beside themselves, filled with fear and excitement.  Queen Monacan raised her arms high, calling, “Silence!  We come to you in peace, in a time of war.”
The people gradually quieted, the dancing blaze leaping to life so that the entire hall appeared to be enveloped in the light of a noontime sun.  “Today!  Today is a time filled with the dark gloom of approaching death, but also of promised hope and light.  Do not fear a thing, for today the children of secret worlds gather to your side should you listen to the voice of this man appointed for this hour,” she pointed toward Haudenosaunez, “and do everything he commands you to do, clear to your very deaths.  For should any of my children come to naught while lifting their hands up against the demon hordes during this coming conflagration, there awaits for them an eternal resting place where they will reside in freedom from care.  Then this enemy you see beyond the river will melt away as the winter snows in the warmth of spring.”
Queen Tuscon raised a fist, asking, “Do you swear your allegiance to this man so that whatever oath he may place you under you will do?!”
As though one person, everyone in the moot hall stood, shaking their fists high, swearing oaths of fealty to Chief Haudenosaunez and the servants from secret worlds.  “As one, we shall go to war with you, doing all that has been requested of us!  To death or life we shall go out to face this demon enemy!”
At that, a great rumbling was heard outside the moot hall, everyone running into the fading light to see what the matter was all about.  There, in the sky just above the village, were a multitude of sky ships slowly settling down in the opened fields all around the village.  Soon after landing, doors in the ships’ sides opened, an army of helmed men and women swarming through them.  Tall, beautiful, and majestic they were, the very gods of myth and tales, the children of the Great Spirit, dressed and ready for war.
Standing in front of the astonished throng watching this unfolding pageantry, Queen Monacan pointed, shouting, “See! The Great Spirit has not forgotten you, but has delivered his own children to share in the blood sacrifice of the coming war!  Give honor to these people, for they have not forsaken you in your hour of need!  Their blood and ours together will make these lands holy!”
At that, all the people in the village watching the spectacle bowed low, with their faces to the earth, thanking the Great Spirit for not forgetting them and for their sky brothers for coming in their hour of need.
A voice from the gathering army called out to Chief Haudenosaunez.  Stepping out of the crowd of warriors walked a woman, her silver hair unbound, wearing a helm of gold and chrysolite.  “Come to me, Haudenosaunez, king over this vast company!  Come here so that counsel you and I might take.”
Haudenosaunez stepped out of the crowd and bowed low, calling back, “Your servant…”  Then standing upright, he motioned to three of his sons, GuysongWanataun, his oldest born of Miryam; DerikWanataun, born of Semoonah, both men born into slavery on the eastern side of the river Aosolagessa; and MalakAbarDohn, born of NashieNafushie, a Bandorai woman, granddaughter of JasmineNafushie, direct descendent of Boudica’s daughter Sophie and Hilga Tomassie’s son Manfred Tangle.   Together, the four men marched out to meet Gabrielle.  After affectionate greetings, the woman led the men to one of the sky ships where they joined others in moot.  Later that night, the sky ship, with everyone still on board, lifted into the sky and departed off to the west, disappearing over distant mountains.

*    *    *

Noahashonie and Hyhoset quietly sat their mounts, their naked skin glistening with wet, morning dew as they watched the approaching southern army spreading out in a line for battle.  When the opposing army was in position, its general and chief, Toosueboo, rode out in front with his headmen, calling across to the long, thin line of Noah’s cavalry for a parley.   Noah and Hyhoset alone rode forward, stopping just within hailing distance.
General Toosueboo lifted a hand in peace, declaring, “We have no contest with you!  War we do not want to make, nor the taking of captives or slaves is our interest.  Please, come and sit with us and drink and eat the meal of brotherhood, for are we not all of the same flesh?  Then, please, let us make peace so that no one may be harmed this day.”
Noah was in no mood to play Toosueboo’s silly games.  “Listen, little boy, and listen well!  Of my flesh you are, that is true, my birthing your ancestors many ages of men before this day.  But no son of mine will I profess you to be, man of wantonness and murder!”
Puzzled by the woman’s reply, Toosueboo moved closer to get a better look at the person speaking to him.  At last, he called out, “Of the people of Chief Haudenosaunez, I do know, and I am a brother to those people.  But you I do not know at all, nor does your appearance look like those of the northern tribesmen.  Dark of skin you are, like the daughters of Ham.  Today we have no contesting with the children of Ham.”
Hyhoset called back, “This woman is my mother, goddess over the worlds of men, queen over the House of Haudenosaunez, the Black Angel, and I am the Dark Angel, wife of your forefather Meric and mother of you and this rabble with you!  Noahashonie is this woman, and I am her daughter, Hyhoset, Queen Monacan.”
Shocked, but not able to believe his ears, Toosueboo replied, “This cannot be so, for no man has a thousand years lived!  And you say that you are the very persons of Noahashonie and Hyhoset who trod these worlds in the days of Atlantis?  Go clothe yourselves in humility so that your boasting these untruths may come to a finish!  My men are hungry, seeing that few are the women they have encountered these many days now, and scrawny they are, too.  You will serve them quite will, being so beauteous and robust.  Surrender now to me and I will see that you’re treated gently and with care.”   Toosueboo and his officers laughed derisively at his final comment.
Noahashonie did not reply to Toosueboo’s ridicule, but instead warned, “Unlike my children who you slaughtered in the south, I will not destroy you this day!  My children you no longer are to me, not one of you!  Abandoned you are, orphans left to the wild, to fend for yourselves.  Your gods will one day see to your destruction.  Now listen well!  Into the land of Chief Haudenosaunez you will not tread, for death will come upon any who attempt it!  But by my own hand will you be driven back to your homeland!  With sores and boils, will I chastise you, and with piles so that you will stumble about in your agony, fleeing from before my face!”  She lifted her hand high.  “Now go before this calamity comes upon you, or suffer the evil I will deliver!”
Then shaking a finger at an astonished and angry general, Noah added, “Our warring is with those across the river and with demons in Heavenly places, so we shall leave off with your destruction for now.  Yet when this approaching storm has come to its finish, we shall return and remove every soul of yours from this place so that forgotten your kind will become!  Not one soul of yours will live to recall the day of our retribution if you remain in this land!”
She and Hyhoset quickly turned their mounts and rode back to their battle lines, General Toosueboo and his officers doing the same.

As Toosueboo prepared his soldiers for battle, an ominous, narrow black cloud grew in the sky between the two armies.  It soon began to rain in the opened field separating the opposing forces.   Noah and her soldiers did not move, remaining where they stood, resolute as they waited for the upcoming attack.  Toosueboo and his officers hesitated, watching with concern the sudden rainstorm that divided the two armies.  At length, seeing only the rain falling from the sky, he ordered his cavalry to charge the attack.
A thousand lancers led the charge, infantry running close behind.  No sooner had the lead elements entered into the rainstorm than a howling distress filled the air.  At hearing the screams coming from the cavalry hidden in the rainstorm, many of the infantry stopped, their hearts filled with anxious dread.  Out of the confusion and tumult, the soldiers could see terrified horses, many without riders, tearing helter skelter to escape the rain, its waters blackening the flesh of man and beast with boils and running sores.  Those who did not escape fast enough were consumed in the maelstrom, falling dead upon the field.
A thunderous rumble shook the heavens as the storming clouds began to move toward the dumbstruck soldiers as they scattered in terror like leaves before a raging tempest.  Sheets of fire streaked out of the clouds, ball lightning crashing everywhere.  In a wild panic, General Toosueboo’s army melted away, casting off helms, spears, and shields as men took to flight.  Those unable to outrun the conflagration took to whatever shelter they could find.  Seeing the enveloping destruction rapidly approaching, the general spurred his horse, crying out to his gods, as he charged through his routed soldiers and past them, riding his mount to death to escape, his lieutenants doing the same.
That night, long after the tempest had dissipated, the survivors gathered themselves to an encampment several leagues south of the day’s battlefield.  Since the witch queens had not bothered to follow up with an attack, General Toosueboo believed it safe enough to rest for the evening and take account of matters the following morning.  Few were the soldiers that were unhurt, most covered with boils and sores from head to toe.  Still, despite their unbearable discomfort, the men soon fell into a deep sleep, the camp becoming deathly quiet as a ghostly green fog rose up from the ground, consuming the night.
In the morning, when the sun broke over the eastern hills, there arose a moaning cry from the peoples in the camp.  Crippling piles that hung down as far as one’s knees plagued the entire camp, from the general to the lowest servant.  That day, and the next, and the next, no one moved at all because of the severe agony.  Men screamed out to their gods when they were forced to relieve nature, a dreadful pain racking their bodies.  So traumatic was this experience that many died from severe bleeding or their hearts failed them, unable to endure this ordeal.
When General Toosueboo finally reached the security of the king’s city, he tallied his losses.  Two thousand three hundred infantry and cavalry soldiers did not survive, along with over eight hundred horses, twelve hundred draft animals, and a great, unnumbered group of camp followers.  After making report to King Zezssa, he retreated to his private estate, hanging himself in the courtyard.

Later, King Zezssa and his son walked up to the parapet atop the wall of the city, staring off toward the north.  Off in the distance, he saw a lone rider rise from the shadows to a small hillock overlooking the city.  The person, a dark-skinned woman, wearing only a helm and cape, lifted her hand high, holding a silver banner with a white swan surrounded by seven golden stars.  Suddenly words echoed in the king’s head, as he grabbed his ears in pain.  “Damn your flesh!  A ruin I shall make it for times everlasting!”
Zezssa’s son suddenly gasped, the boy falling dead upon the stones.

*    *    *

Legion called General SalakTaqadam into his private office, giving him Asotos’ orders to move into the Lower Realms.  Handing him a sealed script, Legion explained, “Field Marshal Michael has delivered Gabrielle with a police force from the Children’s Empire west of the river, to hold those territories safe from enemy attack.   Their directive is simple.  Should the armies of the Southlands move across the river, they will take up arms to drive them back across the waters.  You must push King Aganthopen to commit a large enough military force across the river so that its slaughter will be great when a counterattack is made against it.  Hopefully, the king’s army will be routed, fleeing back across the river, Haudenosaunez’ forces in hot pursuit.  Should such a thing take place, you will have no choice but to honor your commitment to King Aganthopen, joining the contest by moving your expeditionary forces to the ground.”
Salak grinned as he read the communiqué after breaking its seal and opening it.  “I will convince the king to push his Anoofimnihe creation en mass across the river.  This will force Gabrielle’s hand, the woman knowing that King Haudenosaunez and his monkey children are no match for them!”
Legion questioned, “But what of the Haudenosaunez, themselves, especially that Noahashonie and her demon child, Hyhoset?  Greater is their power, I believe, than even Gabrielle’s!  It was said by your lieutenants that, at a recent Council of HETH, the Black Angel threatened to sink the entire southern isle in her anger!  How will even an army of Anoofimnihe survive her onslaught?!”
Handing Legion Asotos’ script to examine, Salak answered, “According to our High Potentate, spies report that Noah and Hyhoset, as well as the remainder of the demon wizard Haudenosaunez, have promised to restrain their powers if the armies of this universe stand beside them in any coming war against the Southlands.”
A smile broke across Legion’s face as he read Asotos’ revelations regarding the Haudenosaunez.  “It should be an easy matter to force Gabrielle into a heated contest.  Then you will bring your people down on deck, and Michael will be forced to declare war on the League of Brothers.”
Handing the script back to Salak, Legion told his lieutenant to make haste.  “You must move quickly!  The rebels are constantly pushing us every day, with many city-states refusing to commit to our request for aid until they can see the direction the rebellion is taking.  If the Children’s Empire pushes us into war, then the rebellion should end, or cool down as our people join together to fight their common enemy.”
Legion turned to look at a wall map of the League’s territories.  “I want you to bring your big guns down on deck, fighters and battle cruisers, so that the Children’s Empire will have no choice but to declare war on us!  It will matter little their prattle regarding rules of engagement or treaties agreed to.  We already have the needed evidence to convince the League’s city-states that it is an unprovoked war declared against us by Michael and Gabrielle.  That is the only evidence we need.”  Legion turned back to face Salak.  “You have your orders.  Are there any questions?”
Salak snapped a crisp salute, grinning, “No, sir!  I will personally see to their rapid execution.”
After Legion’s return salute, Salak hurried away.

*    *    *

General Chang Shoogn stood upon the deck of his flagship, CheFa, preparing to depart for the nearby shore with Ambassador Lord Bruxelles (BondaBoor) to moot with Chief Haudenosaunez.  There awaiting him were not only the chief and his sons, but a host of imperial magistrates well known to the rulers of China.  Among those gathered there were, Queens Cheyenne Merica (Tuosolmerica) and Nicola Carrier (Tosombabanna), Chief Secotan TewaTeton (SchroGarthTho), lord over the high, western mountain range, as well as several other chiefs from the lands beyond the eastern mountains.  Accompanying them were dozens of people of mystery, their faces hidden in shadows of gray, hooded cloaks, a rich scent of otherworldliness hanging heavy upon them.
General Shoogn was apprehensive over having a moot with such an important gathering of such prestigious emissaries, but he did not fear or dread the meeting.  Ambassador Bruxelles, a man Shoogn was long acquainted with, had paid a visit on him two days previously to inform the general of the upcoming visit and its intended purpose, answering as best he could any other question that might be weighing on the general’s mind.  Bruxelles assured Shoogn that any final decision he made would be accepted by Haudenosaunez and those with him.  All that was being requested from him was to listen to their petition before he made his final decision.

With his personal bodyguard of two hundred armored soldiers, General Shoogn marched up the shore, toward the distant oak grove where Haudenosaunez and his people awaited him.  He was greeted by the entire host bowing down politely on a knee, all waiting for Chief Haudenosaunez to stand back up before doing the same.  The general, along with his many advisors, was invited to sit and partake of a feast spread out on a long, woven mat that was filled with foods of every description.  Accepting the chief’s offer, the general and his advisors sat down with Haudenosaunez, his people doing the same.  While they were eating, attendants scurried about, offering food and drink to many others who were standing in the shade of the oak grove.
As the company broke bread together, Haudenosaunez went on to weave his tale of woe and daring.  “When I was but a little child…my name then ‘WonnahHawnataun’, son of SatawonnahWanataun, great, great, granddaughter of GuyWanataun, son of the Great Peacemaker, Joshawnataun, the man chosen by White Buffalo Woman to save our peoples when the darkness and storm consumed our worlds…the saying was many of mankind died from plague and famine while he and his kind slept in secret mountains until long after the day of gloom had ended.  Even among your scribes have these tales been told, so that they have written them down in their sacred books.”
General Shoogn nodded, “These fables are oft spoken about throughout the isles of California by our people who live there.”  He looked off to the west, across the wide, shallow bay that separated the mainland where they were from a series of islands that the Chinese Emperor had settled over one hundred years before, shrugging, “Tales for children’s ear, I have long believed, yet you speak of them as being true.  Go on.”
Haudenosaunez did not argue, but continued.  “Many were the nations of people who had gathered to live in the land of Meric after the reawakening of my ancestor, Joshawnataun, until this world from the Atlantean Sea west to the high mountains behind us was filled with the sons and daughters of many nations…Brits, Romans, Phoenicians, Irish, Welsh, Hebrews, and so, so many more…all the children of Meric, so that the land was filled with the children of the Elkhorn and Mountain Bear, all living under the loving hand of their mother, Queen Monacan, long-lived wife of our forefather Meric.”
Shoogn stopped eating, looking into Haudenosaunez’ face, raising an eyebrow.  “Do you expect me to believe such a fairytale?!  Even to this day, our warriors study the “Arts of War”, written by a man who stood beside the Black Angel when she defeated the king of Atlantis before the walls of Paris!  That was in ages so long ago, before the world of men sank beneath the seas, when the Ice Mountains melted through fire and rage.  Do not take me for a fool, for my people have not forgotten the past, but have scrupulously recorded all those events from long ago!  Filled with knowledge and wisdom, my people are, so that giant ships we have built while capturing fire and thunder in weapons we have created.  Fables and superstition are not our lot, but to science and knowledge we belong.”
Haudenosaunez acknowledged the great wonders General Shoogn’s people had invented.  He then glanced at a hooded person sitting to his left.  The person silently nodded.  “General Shoogn, we believe every word you have spoken to us, knowing well the countless words your scribes have recorded for eyes to read.  Still, my Lord, if you will patiently listen to this fable I am troubling to weave, then a sky ship the likes that your scribe ChummCheeSuun described, upon witnessing its arrival after the Battle of Kornary Ridge, not before the walls of Paris, we will show you.”
Staring into a very surprised face, Haudenosaunez smiled, “Your prized warrior, Sun Tzu, a great man, I agree, borrowed liberally from the writings of ChummCheeSuun.  His books have been long secreted away in your sacred temples, but not secreted from my people, the children of Meric, whose wife, Hyhoset…Queen Monacan…daughter of the Black Angel, ChummCheeSuun gave hand-written accounts of his life and adventures.  That book, along with others penned by your race, were given to me by Hyhoset’s very hand so that all your history has been revealed to me.  Those books, along with the history of mankind, from the days of the Aphrodite Wars to the sinking of Atlantis, through the rise of empires and down to this hour, are hidden deep within sealed vaults under the mountains of this world.  These books I have seen and many have I read.”  He extended an opened hand, palm up.  “Allow me, please, to complete my tale of woe so that you will understand why we have arrived here, upon these shores to speak with you.  Then you will see that what you have learned to be fanciful stories and fables are truly reality, and we will provide you such proof to show it is so.”
Coming to the realization that this man sitting across from him might be far more than an ordinary chieftain over scattered tribes of escaped refugees, and having his curiosity piqued, General Shoogn accepted Haudenosaunez’ offer, promising to quietly listen to whatever tale the man wished to weave for him.  Thanking him, Chief Haudenosaunez went on with his account, describing his adventures far into the day until the sun was setting low over the western sky.
When Haudenosaunez had finished, he pointed toward a person sitting at his left.  “Allow me please to introduce you to the one I have spoken so much about, ambassador to us children here below, the one who guides our feet on to their final destiny, Sodasonie, White Buffalo Woman, queen in Heaven and on Earth.”
At that, Sodasonie pulled back her hood, revealing her radiant beauty, her silver-white hair ablaze like the sun and her eyes glowing orbs of golden fire.  She addressed the general, “My son, born from dragon flesh and funerary blaze, see your mother, giving you a dragon’s birth.”  She pointed at Queen Cheyenne, the woman’s comely appearance that of a child barely out of her teens.  “ChummCheeSuun wrote of this person, calling her by the name given her by me, during what your scribes call the ‘Aphrodite Wars’, ‘Tuosolmerica’, meaning in our tongue ‘flag bearer of Hilgiha’.  She is the stranger that ChummCheeSuun describes as his witch-lover who gave to him a daughter, CheeChiSuun, a great princess who you are descended from.  Yet these things you know, for you have read the man’s secret books, but were not aware that you are her child through a long line of warriors and kings.”
General Shoogn was shocked, speechless, his astonished stare divided between this unearthly creature of such mesmerizing, fear-inspiring beauty and an equally beautiful woman of earthly appearance said to be his ancestress.  Before he could gather his thoughts, Sodasonie reached across the mat and touched the man’s bare arm.
Visions instantly flooded Shoogn’s mind, showing him the world from the days of Eden’s rebellion, up through the Great Flooding, past the sinking of Atlantis and into the age of empires, down into his very day.  Shoogn watched the demon armies marching into the west, crossing the river Aosolagessa, burning and destroying everything in their path.  Upon reaching the Great Western Sea, they went to building ships and sailing on to conquer the world, destroying all human flesh, so that only demon spawn was all that remained upon the surface of the planet.
Envisioning these things, General Shoogn began to understand that this upcoming war was not merely against a nation, clan, or race of people, but against all humankind.  The question being asked… that only he and his kind could make reply to… was there enough good left to be found in the world of men so that the very stars of Heaven should stand beside their frail, mortal brothers so that their blood should mix with Earthling man on the field of battle?  Was there the faith to be found so that it might still remain in future days when the true lord over mankind would arrive?  Was mankind worth fighting and dying over?
Sodasonie peered deeply into Shoogn’s eyes, silently asking, “Do you stand with us or against us?  Will you prove yourself unto death, so that all men and demons may be proved liars?  Will you stand beside your brothers from above and below onto the ending hour so that I may have a word to rebuke the Evil One with?”
A rumbling roar suddenly broke the silence.  From over the tops of the hills, three strange, triangle-shaped flying craft appeared, finally settling down a short distance beyond the grove of trees.  Sodasonie smiled grimly, speaking aloud, “So gathers the host who do come from beyond the rim of the world.”
Releasing the general from her witching spell so that he might be able to speak as a free man, Sodasonie quietly waited upon the moment.  Shoogn slowly looked about as if coming out of a daze.  At length, he turned to his lieutenants and advisors, asking, “You have seen and heard many things, and I many more.  Tell me, please, do we march unto death with our brethren from the east, or retreat to safer havens until the demon host eventually consumes us, too, in his rage?”
As though with one voice, Shoogn’s people declared, “Better is it to die beside our heavenly host than to live forever, slaves to demons and beastly men!”
General Shoogn stood, spreading his arms wide.  “Then it is finished.  With you, into death or life, I and my people shall go.  Whatever it is that we have to give, only request it and it shall be given.”
Haudenosaunez stood, reaching out and grasping Shoogn’s hand.  “As brothers we will go, my soul instead of yours, should the need come to be!  Now also this one thing… for you, all this land, all the lands west of these mountains from the ice in the north to the ice in the south are yours to be given to your king for the kind acts you have offered this day.  And ever will my people be bound in peace with your people over the kindness you have shown us this day.”
Shoogn bowed his head, shaking Haudenosaunez’ hand.  “As a gift from you, I will accept this for my people and my emperor.  Forever shall my people and yours become as one, your daughters being taken as wives for our sons and our daughters becoming wives to your sons.”
Haudenosaunez grinned, “Let it be so.  Forever ,let it be so.”

Over the following days, preparation was made for an army to march east to lend support to the clans of Haudenosaunez in their war against the southern hordes.  Calls were sent out to the Chinese inhabiting the isles of California for whoever might be willing to join the general and his army in support of their eastern brethren.  In the end, General Shoogn equipped ten thousand of his naval Marines and six thousand islanders to march to war in the east.  This was along with thirty bombards and gun crews with teamsters and laborers to journey across the mountains to join in war against the southern demons hordes, the total amounting to over twenty thousand, plus an unnumbered group of camp followers.

Eight days later, as the general’s army gathered on the eastern shore, its lead elements already marching off toward the western mountain passes, Shoogn stood on the deck of CheFa, sealing a folded parchment penned by the scribes and signed in his hand, declaring all the lands west of the high mountains beyond the isles of California, and north and south to the ice floes a gift to the Chinese emperor from Haudenosaunez’ peoples for times indefinite.  When finished, he handed it to his fleet captain, FueChoy.  “There,” he declared, “this is to be given to our great magistrate, the Emperor, to be placed in his hand by you personally upon the swift return of this fleet.”
FueChoy bowed politely.  “Yes, Your Excellency, this I will faithfully do.”  He stood, looking out at the gathering army, asking, “Should I tell him of the need for the fleet’s return so that he might gather his victorious army and commander, that he may shower proper accolades upon them for such great deeds as you will have done?”
Slipping on his gloves, Shoogn slowly shook his head.  “There will be no need for that.  I and this army will not be returning to China.”  He looked toward the eastern mountains.  “I have seen through my visions what awaits us beyond those mountains.  White Buffalo Woman has shown me the future of this coming war, beast-men of gigantic height, weapons that tear the ground asunder, fire that rips apart the sky, machines flying up high over man and beast that deliver Hell and ruin upon all living flesh, ships that fly beneath the seas, armies of demons and madmen that crawl over the surface of the ground like clouds of black locusts.  No, no captain, we go to war not to win some victory.  I personally doubt that is possible.  We go to prove to the Sky Children that we are men who deserve to be remembered by the Great Spirit for our honor and valor, so that he will look with favor upon humankind and not bring this world to a finish in fire and storm.”
He turned, peering into FueChoy’s distraught face, smiling wearily.  “In that hour, when I stand upon the mountain peak and the Great Spirit comes to me, asking what I have done for him so that he might remember me, I will be able to look him in the eye and say that to His glory, for Him and all things good, I have fought the fine fight.  Not for gold or silver, or women or estates, or glory or title, I will tell him, but because it was the right thing to do.”
FueChoy bowed, replying, “May the gods gift me one day also to such a fate.”
The two men parted, General Shoogn boarding a small skiff, being rowed ashore to join his army, and Captain FueChoy departing with the fleet for China.

*    *    *

While King Aganthopen emptied the Southlands of its mighty men to fight the coming war in the north and Salak gathered the storm with his military machine, peoples, tribes and tongues also joined themselves to Haudenosaunez’ side for war.  From the north, beyond the western mountains, a large colony of northern Chinese had long settled that forbidding land.  Calling themselves the ‘Hia Hsia’, they gathered four thousand horse cavalry and journeyed across the mountains to join the sons of Meric in war.  Other tribes, large and small, came by their tens and hundreds to join in the final cataclysm, many believing it was the coming end of the world.
The vanguard of Aganthopen’s army, numbering over one hundred thousand, crossed the river Aosolagessa at three different locations.  With his brother, Orgon Tangathopen, leading the charge with his thousands of giant Anoofimnihe and hundreds of light chariots and heavy cavalry, they flooded the western shore, burning and murdering their way toward the setting of the sun.
On the fourth day after their crossing, Tangathopen came up against his first real opposition.  The battle was fierce, but short-lived.  Those few hundred of the enemy put up a stiff resistance, but their defense withered away under a chariot assault.  The following days passed by with little to slow the army.  The people were now on the run, burning their villages as they fled from before this gathering force of the invader.  Tangathopen was actually a little disappointed, fearing that he might not get opportunity to display his military prowess.  He need not have worried.
Orgon Tangathopen had not bothered crossing the river with his large siege guns, they being very heavy and unwieldy, the man also believing that a far inferior force faced him.  By all accounts, reports came that the people in the western lands were terrified of King Aganthopen’s army, news of its actions against the children of Meric in the east having spread over the western mountains to the sea.  He was also aware that the people lived in scattered, independent communities of family tribes.  True, tales of this Chief Haudenosaunez had concerned him a bit.  But after the battle on the fourth day, where the defenders appeared to be made up of local tribes, he concluded them to be only that, tales to encourage the people.
It was on the evening of the eighth day that Tangathopen got a taste of the enemy he was really facing.  Camp fires were blazing bright against the night sky, as the red glow of a setting sun could be seen above the western hills.  Suddenly, the air was rent by the screeches and whoops of disembodied voices mixed with the pounding of thundering hooves.  The Orgon reached the entrance of his tent just in time to see an onslaught of wild, horned beasts trampling his camp, smashing into the wagon park across the way.  In seconds, men and horses were scattering in every direction to save themselves, as hundreds of these maddened beasts blindly tore out of the darkness.
Diving under a heavy transport, a terrified Tangathopen watched this unfolding apocalypse, crying out to his gods for protection.  To his great wonderment and surprise, the man saw hooded shadow riders on giant, black horses bounding about in the madness of the trampling herd of wild beasts.   In the hands of many of the riders were long sticks that belched thunders of fire and smoke, felling even the Anoofimnihe with these weapons.  Eventually, the maddening stampede passed beyond the camp, its tumultuous sounds fading into the darkness.
At length, the orgon crawled out from under the transport to survey the destruction.  His camp was in ruins with dozens dead and many more broken and torn.  As he stood there, discussing the situation with his lieutenants, a troop of his cavalry came riding up.  The officer in charge jumped from his mount, excited.  They had found the body of one of the raiders, bringing it with them.  After another soldier pulled the body off a horse onto the ground, Tangathopen came over to take a closer look.
One of his older officers stared at the person, a woman covered with many tattoos, naked except for a fur cape, and gasped, “It cannot be!  It cannot be!  These people died out long ago, in our first great war with the children of Meric!”  Puzzled, Tangathopen asked the man to explain himself.
“My father told me tales from ages passed, he being a soldier in the great southern army of King Hattattayahohootan.  He spoke with terrible fear of the witch women of the north, children of the undead, ‘Bandorai’ he called them, ghost warriors, shape-shifting demons who take captive men to make offspring for themselves before butchering them and drinking their blood.”
A shudder ran down Tangathopen’s back, but he spoke up boldly.  “Children of the undead maybe, but this one appears to be quite un-alive!”  He kicked the body and glanced off into the darkness.  “Still, we cannot trust that our enemy is fleeing.  There may be other surprises awaiting us.”  At that, he issued orders for mounted pickets to be stationed far enough out in front of the main encampments so that warning could be properly given to prevent another attack as this.  He also sent couriers away to the other divisions of his scattered army for them to join together with him.
As the orgon waited for his army to gather, he ordered scouting parties forward to explore the country and locate any enemy encampments.  Reports soon came to him that his supply trains to the east were being attacked by large raiding parties, something that was totally unexpected, Tangathopen believing the enemy was fleeing.  Now he was impelled to send several detachments of cavalry east to protect his supply trains.

After waiting a week, he was forced to move his soldiers out, not waiting for the remainder of his army to arrive, his foragers…a fourth of his army…already having to travel many miles in hopes of finding needed supplies to feed his people.  This land was open and wide, with scattered villages often days apart.  Although there must be millions dwelling in these western regions, there was so much territory that those people melted away into the wilderness.
Orgon Tangathopen’s army was moving northwest along Crooked River when report came to the commander that an enemy host was approaching from the west.  Tangathopen grinned, “So, this Haudenosaunez has finally decided to make a stand.”
After questioning the scouts, a lively discussion ensued among Tangathopen and his lieutenants.  One of his chief officers commented, concerned, “Too many are the battle flags that have been seen to believe this approaching army is small.  The scouts even report that the Chinese colors can be seen in the enemy camp.  They speak with fear, saying the enemy is to be counted like the sands of the sea!”
Tangathopen laughed, scoffing, “Tell me of a scout who cannot find a dozen enemy warriors hiding under a pebble?  No, I tell you, storytelling is the fondest of pastimes for the lowly soldier!”
He looked over a hastily drawn map.  “We shall continue our northerly march until the Crooked River turns off to the west.  The land flattens out into rolling hills and broad valleys.  There we will deploy in battle formations and sweep in upon the enemy encampment, after unleashing our cavalry and chariots, should they decide to stand and fight.  Put the Anoofimnihe warriors in the front of the battle charges.  That should break up any enemy formation, when those giants come at them.”
What Orgon Tangathopen did not count on was that the enemy was not waiting for his attack, but was marching on the double quick to reach him.  And their numbers were much greater than he anticipated.  Chief Haudenosaunez and his people were aware that this was a war of extermination…total victory or total defeat.  Marching with their leader were men and women from nearly every tribe and village west of the Aosolagessa River, including older children, mothers giving suck, and women with child.  As one young mother put it, “It is better dying, while tearing out the eyes of your enemy, than to wait to be torn asunder in your tent!”

*    *    *

Haudenosaunez sat astride his spotted stallion, looking back at the army stretching out far beyond distant hills.  Unnumbered it was, but there must be well over one hundred thousand, possibly three times that number.  He turned to Sodasonie, who sat her mount beside him, shaking his head. “Who am I to lead such a great host as this?!  A little man am I, aged beyond the years of many men, but still strong of arm and keen of eye.  Does being old make me great and wise?!  Certainly I do not feel it to be the case!”
Sodasonie smiled, responding, “For this day you were born.  For this hour you were conceived.  Great men do not see themselves as such, but little and weak, yet it is that very nature that makes them outstanding leaders.  I once rode beside another man who spoke in such a manner, saying that all he wished for was an axe and fur robe for warmth and fire, and your mother at his side.  He wondered why a man who sought only peace was destined to lead armies into war and death.  That man was your famous JavanHoshoni, father of Meric.  You are much like him.”  She swept a tear from her eye.   “I loved him much as I love you.”
Although Son Haudenosaunez knew well who this person beside him was, he could not help but marvel to think the ages of men she had experienced, the number of times her sword had been unsheathed in war, and the countless times the woman had faced death and torment for some righteous cause or other.  After a long silence, he replied, “Still, I would feel better if your banner led this people…”
Sodasonie laughed sardonically, “Red should be the colors of my banner rather than the white swan and seven golden stars on silver linen!  Long ago, in ages before your kind came to life in Eden, that banner fluttered from the battlements of a tall castle built by the Ones Who Came Before in which I was permitted to reside.  It represented something far different than its blood-soaked meaning does today.  Unlike you, an honorable man, I fight my wars to gain absolution for wicked deeds committed so long ago that the universe has forgotten them… But I have not.  I am the beast that rises from the depths to bring ruin upon all, the righteous and wicked, delivering Hell upon Heaven because of the things I have done!”
Looking off into the far eastern sky, she sighed, “Death awaits me in a distant time and place, but not this day or the next.  No, I must go on murdering my brothers and sisters until the world’s candle burns to the full!  You, my friend, will hold my hand on that frightful day when demons die and Salem’s towers fall.  With my death shall another woman be born who will save all mankind through the vengeance she will deliver upon the wicked host.  I must die so that she will live.  There is nothing else for it.”  She became silent, speaking no more about the matter.
A scout came riding up, calling while pointing, “The enemy is spread out along the west bank of the Crooked River, trekking off toward the north!  It appears that he plans to do battle after the river turns off to the west.”
Looking at Sodasonie, Son Haudenosaunez commented, “The land opens up when the river turns toward us.  If they are able to make it there, then their chariots will become a real threat to our infantry.  Though brave and willing, these people are not battle-hardened for war.  The giant beast-men will be terrifying enough, but fast moving chariots with archers raining down fire upon them might be more that they can take.”
Sodasonie frowned, “Then we must not permit them to reach the bend in the river.”
Son Haudenosaunez called to his son, Guysong, to send word back for the army to come on the double quick and for the cavalry chieftains to join with him in moot as soon as may be.  In an hour, while the main body of the army continued to push on toward the east, Son was busy in conference with his cavalry chiefs.  Using cartographers’ maps given him by Queen Monacan, Son explained his coming battle tactics.  As he moved his hand about the map, he described what was to be done.  “News is that Chief Tangathopen is already moving his chariots toward the head of his column.  At their current pace, it is expected they will reach the western bend of Crooked River in less than a day.  We must not permit this to happen!”
He sighed, “Yet even with a forced march, the best of our infantry is still two days out from contacting the enemy.  Chief Shoogn’s soldiers are well-trained in combat and can make thirty miles in a day if necessary.  Some of our mountain tribesmen and younger men can do the same, but for the others, it is far too difficult to keep up such a pace.  I dare not push the army beyond about ten miles a day for fear that it will tire out, seeing that many women with children and older people have joined its ranks to go to war.  Already there are many stragglers.  Soon enough will be their time to die.  Let it be that they are well-rested at that time so a fighting chance they may have.
“So this is what we must do… Chief Shoogn’s four hundred heavy horse lancers will lead a northern assault, along with two thousand of the Hia Hsia cavalry.”  He looked into Shoogn’s face.  “Your people must be in place to strike the enemy by the morning dawning.”
General Shoogn nodded, smiling grimly.  “I will lead the army myself.  We will be in place by the appropriate hour.”
“Good.”  Son continued, “Hit them in the head of the column just before the sun breaks over the eastern hills.  If possible, put them to flight and pursue them, but only to a limit.  Pull back when the fighting becomes too heavy.  I do not want you to take major losses in this engagement.  Your people are to prevent Chief Tangathopen’s charioteers from reaching the open valleys west of Crooked River, where their speed and mightiness might well destroy this army.  Take what spoil that you may, but only food stuffs or weapons, and that only if there is sufficient time to do so.  Also, destroy what you can of their war wagons and machines.”
Looking at other chieftains, Son continued, “The remainder of the cavalry units are to attack the enemy at various points along their line.  It is to also protect the bombard crews who will be moving into the hills above Crooked Valley.  If possible, they will begin a cannonading just as the sun breaks over the eastern hills.  Your cavalry assault should commence with the sound of the gunns.”

(Author’s note…  These Chinese bombards were smaller gunns mounted on mobile carriages, pulled by fast draft animals.  Unlike the much larger siege bombards, which might use ordnance of one hundred pounds or more, these gunns released a stone or exploding ball filled with black powder about the size of a man’s fist.)

Turning toward Sodasonie, Son explained, “Queen White Buffalo Woman has informed me that the battle this day is not hers yet to fight…at least against Chief Tangathopen and his people.  But she will not be staying out of the coming fray.  Her soldiers will be scattered about in your midst to take the war to the giant beast-men who are in Tangathopen’s train.  Their contending is with them this day, and not the sons of men.”
Several people nodded in approval.
Son went on, addressing his wife, Queen NashieNafushie.  “Take your Bandorai around to the south to harass the rear of Chief Tangathopen’s army.  If the horned, wild cattle will ally themselves again with you, then deliver their might down against our foe.”  He then addressed everyone there.  “We take no prisoners this day except for interrogation!  Slaughter all who may oppose you!  Let their fated future be upon their own shoulders.  Remember, though, this is but the beginning hour for war.  Do not spend your people needlessly!  Your purpose is not to win this contest, but to buy time for the army to arrive in force to drive the enemy back.  No heroes this day.  There will be plenty more battles to get yourselves killed before this war has ended!”
At that, Son Haudenosaunez sent the commanders away.  By this time on the morrow, he would know if they had gained success or not.  If not, he then must do all that was possible to protect his army from being destroyed.  Few had ever faced death through battle and fewer still were properly equipped and trained.  With this in mind, he ordered the Chinese infantry to take up the lead march, spreading them out toward the north.  Behind and beside them, he stationed the younger single men and women who were little concerned about wives and children in the van behind.  To the rear remained the bulk of the army, made up of families and older ones.
Soon there grew a division between the two camps as the Chinese and younger ones marched forward at a more rapid pace.  This was good in Son’s eyes.  Should the enemy make a breakthrough, these warriors would take the first blow, slowing the enemy’s advance.  This would help those in the rear of the van make preparation for a possible onslaught.  Hopefully, this would not happen, at least not now.  Let the army bloody itself a bit first.  Let the screams of death and the sight of slaughter be seen from afar first, so that these people might be hardened to combat.  Death might come to all of them soon, but let it be as they faced their enemy, not while in panicked flight.

*   *   *

Orgon Tangathopen’s army was stretched out along the western side of the Crooked River for over ten miles, its supply train trailing off to the south and east for another twenty miles beyond that.  There were several reasons for this, some unavoidable and others tactical.  People today studying the route Tangathopen took and the way he managed his army might well express surprise as to why he placed his army on this single pathway that snaked along the west side of this river and had not chosen, instead, to move his main body further west beyond the high, wooded bluffs that separated the river valley from the low, open country that reached out toward the sunset.  Yet there were good reasons he chose the route he did.
The valley on the western side of the Crooked River was up to one mile wide, bottlenecking at places down to less than a quarter mile by high, steep bluffs, jagged hills and rocky cliffs, squeezing the army between them and the river.  Having long been a trail used by the wild, horned cattle herds, the valley was grassy, with few trees along the flats, providing good grazing for the army’s many animals.  There was also ample water for his army, as long as he stayed beside the river.  Rolling hills and broad valleys beyond, to the west, were mostly dry, sluggish little streams crisscrossing the area withering to a trickle in the summer heat.  The Crooked was deep, with few fording locations, reducing any risk of a determined attack sweeping in upon the army from the eastern side of the river.
The river could also be a matter of concern if Tangathopen’s army needed to make a hasty retreat, but that possibility was far from the orgon’s mind.  A tactical blunder that plagued many of King Aganthopen’s commanders was the inability to comprehend the need to protect one’s rear elements and flanks or their supply trains, or even how to position the army in case a hasty retreat was necessitated.  Backing up against a non-fordable river is of little significance when your army is on the move, driving the enemy.  But it is of critical importance to understand it may lead to disaster should one be forced to quickly retreat.
Tangathopen’s lack of experience at commanding such a large, unwieldy army led him to see his overwhelming numbers of soldiers as an asset, believing that no one in their right mind would consider attacking him.  And if someone did make such a foolish move, they would be quickly rebuffed by the sheer numbers under the orgon’s command.  Indeed, by combining his three armies together into one military machine, he increased the danger his people might be in, the man not understanding that, by his combining forces, his enemy was now free to do the same.
The Southlands’ successes against the sons of Meric, generations before, also contributed to the potential dangers Orgon Tangathopen faced.  After nearly seventy years, the military had evolved into little more than an armed police force that kept the hundreds of vassal kingdoms in check.  Tangathopen had spent his entire adult life in the army, but commanded at most a few thousand soldiers facing little opposition at best.  That frame of mind traveled with the orgon as he pursued his enemy.  Burning and pillaging were easy things to do, something that he and his army were experienced at.
Now he faced one of the best military tacticians on the planet, being trained at the feet of Queens Monacan and Tuscon, as well as the Black Angel.  And let us not forget White Buffalo Woman, who shared her dreams and visions with Son Haudenosaunez deep in the heart of Eden.  This the orgon did not know, and should he have been told, his arrogant disdain for these ‘uncivilized people’ would have prevented him from believing it.
These facts alone could easily have delivered disaster upon Tangathopen’s western campaign, yet there were also other reasons for the orgon’s army’s march into destruction.  Salak was ordered to create a distraction that would force the Children’s Empire to declare war against the League of Brothers.  Tangathopen was the chosen candidate, the catalyst or trigger that would make that happen.  The destruction of his army at the hands of rabble west of the river would force Salak’s hand so that he would enter the battle to rescue what few survivors he might, his assistance being viewed as a breach of treaty, thus forcing a declaration of war from the Children’s Empire.  Tangathopen was being set up to fail.  Indeed, through the encouragement of the Hormaxian priests, King Aganthopen had been persuaded to place his inexperienced, younger brother in charge of the western campaign.

General Shoogn was acting as head chief over the coming battle, Son Haudenosaunez remaining behind with the main body of infantry to hurry them along as best as may be.  He decided, for three reasons, to hold off the coming attack until later in the day.  The first was news that lead elements of the infantry had made a forced march of over forty miles, placing their arrival upon the field by mid-afternoon.  With them anchoring the hills to the enemy’s west and giving protection to the bombards, he could unleash all the cavalry against the enemy.  The second?  A cold front was approaching from the northwest, pushing a giant band of storm clouds ahead of it, their arrival making a possibly hectic day.  Third, sweltering heat combined with showers that had been falling throughout the night made the effective use of their bombards questionable, but also turned the trampled, red clay soil to slime.  Shoogn feared an attack in the morning darkness might prove disastrous for his own cavalry.  He also did not believe the enemy would attempt to move their chariots further north at this time, the soggy, trampled ground quickly turning to gooey muck under their wheels.
Sending his fastest couriers to the south, he managed to reach Queen NashieNafushie’s camp just before they began their assault.  Fearing that holding the horned cattle back until a later hour might not be possible, Nashie decided to attack as planned.  Feeling it prudent to make the enemy think this was more than a raiding upon their supply trains, Nashie’s son MalakAbarDohn, commanding five hundred light cavalry and Chief MaedockMayhum, Nashie’s son by Chief Maedock, Lord Langlin’s son, leading two hundred of his tribe’s horse soldiers, would attack the enemy’s southern encampments in coordination with Nashie’s raiding.

It took nearly three hours for news of Queen Nashie’s planned attack to reach General Shoogn’s ears.  By this time, the sun had long risen above the wet, overcast morning.  Fearing that General Tangathopen might send an overwhelming force to the south to break up what he might feel was a primary attack on his lines, Shoogn asked Chief Hiishe to lead six hundred of his Hia Hsia cavalry against the northernmost enemy camps, with orders to do as much damage to the chariot encampments as possible, but not to carry on a sustained battle.
“Strike as though it is not a raid, but an advanced skirmish line, and do not attempt to hold the field!  Should the enemy counter your attack with superior numbers, my heavy horse lancers will be at the ready to lend support with your retreat.”  Shoogn looked into clearing skies, the morning drizzle nearly stopped, commenting to his head cavalry officer, “The sun will be shining before the noon hour.  I do not want you fighting in the heat of the day.  Pull back out of harm’s way after you have accomplished what you may.”

As General Shoogn had surmised, Orgon Tangathopen’s army was totally unprepared for the morning assault.  Most of the infantry lounged about in their tents, while those in the chariot and cavalry encampments did little more than tend the horses before returning to the dry comfort of their lodgings.  The army had become complacent after consolidating its forces along the Crooked River, only setting up camp guards, while not bothering to place pickets afar out.  It was a lazy day, what with the all night rains, sweltering heat and morning drizzle.  Few believed they would be put on the march, so now was a good time to get some much needed shuteye or cook extra food for that upcoming march.
Orgon Tangathopen felt similarly about the day.  He had only recently waked and was now breakfasting with a few of his commanding officers, bantering on about minor, unimportant matters, many unrelated to their current military situation.  His command tent was over two miles south from lead cavalry encampments, late afternoon rains beginning the previous day halting his party’s move further up the Crooked.  Nestled in a small cove of trees, Tangathopen’s camp was well hidden from the view of the army, providing the orgon with privacy he so much enjoyed when being entertained by some of the more fashionable women accompanying his army.
As he sat there listening to the casual chatter of his junior officers, the man’s mind swirled with erotic fantasy as he dreamed of the auburn-haired, green-eyed beauty who had visited his bed these past three nights.  Was she a dream, an apparition come to haunt his mind, or a for real flesh and blood woman snuck past the guards to gift him with the dream of unimagined passion fulfilled?  The man had quietly inquired regarding anyone seeing such a creature in the camp, but none had any recollection of such a woman.  The guard had said nothing, and Tangathopen believed that should they have seen such a ravishing beauty, none would have been able to remain silent concerning the encounter.
While his thoughts drifted back to the previous evening’s interlude with the mystical sprite, a breathless runner came charging into the orgon’s camp, declaring news of an attack on the southern camps and supply lines.  Jumping up from the table, the orgon and his officers ran from the tent to find out what the commotion was all about.  After hearing the report, he commented to his lieutenants what might be going on.  “This was probably just another of the enemy’s raids…” he rolled his eyes, “those Bandorai creatures up to their mischief.”
About this time, another runner arrived with news about a raid on one of the southern infantry camps, this time by mounted warriors several hundred strong, not Bandorai, but men dressed in leather, sleeveless jackets and leggings, wearing head bands with feathers, brandishing long-handled war clubs and stone axes.  As the people fled, many were felled by a storm of arrows shot by the countless bowmen charging their flanks.
As Tangathopen was discussing with his lieutenants what this new information might portend, sounds of wild whoops and cries of panic were heard from the clearing beyond the canopy of trees where the main body of the army was camped.  The orgon and his officers took off on a run.  They were dumbstruck upon seeing wild-eyed soldiers on horseback and afoot, bereft of their weapons, stampeding helter skelter from the north, closely being followed by wagon teams and chariots flooding the north road, hoping to escape south.
A mounted officer who had managed to keep a company of his men from fleeing the mayhem, upon spotting Orgon Tangathopen, charged over to make report.  “They hit us just as the men were breakfasting, causing a rout that could not be stopped, as I and my men attempted to do!”
Tangathopen asked, despair growing in his voice, “How many were there, and what of the chariot parks?”
The officer answered excitedly, “I and my men were on duty station, south of the chariot encampments.  When news of an attack reached us, I ordered my men forward.  We managed our way past the confusion of the first camp but, upon reaching the northernmost chariot encampment, we saw many people already slain, chariots not being carted off set ablaze or being smashed apart.  Most troubling, my Lord, was that the attackers appeared to be from the Hia Hsia tribes from across the far western mountains.  And yet more bad news there is to tell.”
Placing a hand on the officer’s horse, Tangathopen begged to be told what that might be, looking about at the growing, chaotic scene surrounding him.
The office nodded, “As we stood there, helpless to do a thing, a small troop of cavalry approached us from the woods, telling us they were from the northernmost camp of cavalry, a half mile beyond the main body.  They, too, were attacked by surprise, many men dying while still in their tents!  Their claim was that the attackers were Chinese, wearing the emperor’s colors.  As soon as I heard this, I and my men hurried to find you so that report could be made.”
Tangathopen was shocked by this news, but said nothing.  The sun suddenly broke through the clouds, a morning breeze shaking the last of the rain from sodden leaves.  Tangathopen smiled grimly as he began giving orders.  All the while, his own heart was filling with disquiet, his mind echoing the wicked laughter of a green-eyed woman now become a demon in his waking visions.  “Go to the damned!  Go to the damned!” the demon cried.  “Now watch and see the hand of the gods turn against you for polluting holy ground!”
His desperation growing, Tangathopen screamed to have the Anoofimnihe march out to confront the enemy raiders.  It took nearly an hour before the first of the giant beast-men were seen marching up the north road, their handlers directing them to push off the road whatever obstacles might be in their path.  Horses whinnied in fright and teamsters swore as they feverishly attempted to escape the wrath of the approaching giants who waited for no man or beast.
By this time, the orgon had succeeded in forming a line of infantry some four thousand men strong, facing to the north.  He had also pitched his command tent about a furlong behind the line.  With his colors fluttering defiance in the breeze, the panicked rush to the south was ending, the northern escapees gradually regrouping behind Tangathopen’s battle colors.
It was while the giant Anoofimnihe were passing through the lines, up the north road, being marshaled by their handlers, that whistling screams were heard tearing through the air, quickly followed by thunderous explosions as hollowed stones filled with black powder erupted over the heads of the marching giants.  The Anoofimnihe feared few things.  Loud, crashing noises was one of them.  The first stone fired from the bombards nearly a mile away crashed into the Anoofimnihe marching column, tearing the head from one giant while injuring three others.
As stones exploded haphazardly about the field… the bombards blindly dropping their ordnance in the direction of the enemy, having no line of sight to guide them… a fearful howling arose among the giants, most scattering on a terrified run.  It would take hours for the handlers to gather the Anoofimnihe together and put them back on the road for a counter-attack against the approaching enemy.  This was not to say the remainder of the army was doing much better.  Few of the soldiers had ever faced the muzzles of thunder guns, having only possibly been witness to their effects on hapless enemy victims.  Now, being on the receiving end, many broke ranks and fled off in a rush for the protection of the steep river banks about a quarter mile to the east.
He was unable to consider reconnoitering the field or marching his army forward to confront the enemy and retake their abandoned camps, and afraid that his lines might not hold here, even though no enemy had appeared on the road to the north. Tangathopen decided to consolidate his forces further to the south, along the Crooked River, where the ground gently sloped downward toward the shore, and the waters ran slow for easy crossing, to a place called ‘Sandy Shoals’.  Keeping his command tent behind his front battle lines, the orgon ordered his personal encampment loaded up on wagons and taken south.  For now, he would wait to see what the enemy was going to do.

Having been warned the evening before by Queen Monacan of the condition of the enemy army and clandestine intrigues of Queen Juliet Tobanahazz with Orgon Tangathopen, Son Haudenosaunez, along with the major remaining cavalry, made an all night forced ride.  They reached General Shoogn’s command post shortly after the Hia Hsia began their raid on the enemy’s parked chariots.  After a brief consultation, it was decided to press the attack if possible.  Shoogn ordered his Chinese cavalry, along with five hundred of the Hia Hsia, to immediately attack the northernmost enemy cavalry camp.  After routing the enemy, they were to enter into the other camps further south to assist in the destruction or capture of war materials, wagons, and horses.
After pushing the enemy out of two chariot encampments, Shoogn ordered a halt to the attack.  Coming onto the field, he commanded his officers to prepare for an enemy counterattack to retake the encampments, setting as many of the soldiers as was reasonable to destroying whatever supplies and equipment that was not easily taken away.  Much to General Shoogn’s surprise, the enemy made no attempt to counterattack, but began entrenching about a mile further south at the third chariot encampment.
Chief Son Haudenosaunez soon took charge of the operation, moving his command tent up to the ridge where the northernmost bombards were located.  When news reached him that the enemy was moving their beast-men up the road from the south, he ordered a general bombardment as soon as the gunns were up and ready in hopes that their ruckus might help distract the enemy.  It was by luck that the artillery attack was so effective, Son having no spotters near enough to direct the fire.

By early afternoon, an uneasy quiet settled on Crooked Valley.  The sun was swelteringly hot, beating down on the soldiers holding the enemy line, the air stifling, muggy.  Only an occasional exploding stone from the Chinese bombards troubled the stillness.
In the darkness of the early morning raids to the south, the fighting had at times been heavy, the Bandorai and other enemy raiders eventually being driven off.  Many believed they had intentionally departed after heaping a great deal of destruction upon the most southern encampments and supply trains.
A southern commander argued with other officers gathered around Orgon Tangathopen, “This was not a raiding party…no, not at all!  There was power behind it, fingers of a giant fist reaching out to strike its opponent!  I believe an army of great number and might approaches, and here we sit, with our backs to a very dangerous river, having little chance of escape should the enemy overwhelm our defenses!”
Although fearing the enemy might be moving on them, Orgon Tangathopen could not bring himself to believe it had the power to overcome them.  He smiled, smugly stating, “There is a possibility that an enemy army may be approaching.  But should they gather all the women, children, and old men from here to the sea, they could not gather a host of such magnitude as we have here!”
Moving his fingers across a hastily drawn map, he revealed upcoming battle plans.  “We are currently consolidating our forces on the fields west of the river, here.  The valley is nearly two miles wide in this location, the ground gradually sloping down to the river.  On the morrow, with the cavalry anchoring our flanks, we shall move our infantry west to take the high ground on a front some four miles wide.  Once those heights are secured, no enemy on Earth can defeat us!  We shall storm down the western slopes as the sun rises above the hills and bring to a finish any ghost army hiding there!”  He stood back, looking off to the west.  “We are not an army on the defense, but one of conquest and destruction!  Tomorrow we will march over those hills, consuming every living thing that stands against us!  On we shall march, clear to the sea, beyond the setting of the sun!”
Spinning about, he clenched his fist, snarling, “We shall not leave a living thing from here to the sea!  And after this world has learned how foolish it is to stand against the army of the gods, we shall build a navy of boats and sail against China, bringing it to nothing!  The world must learn not to interfere with the destiny of the gods…our destiny!”  Searching each and every face of his officers, he declared, “Those of you fearful of the piss ants who have braved to attack us this day, leave now, for I wish you not to have any sharing in our coming glory!  No power on Earth or in the Heavens can thwart the power of this army!  We are serving our gods, doing their will by cleansing this world of this demonic rabble!  We will destroy any who oppose us!” 
Bombastic bravado having replaced his cautionary spirit, Tangathopen went on to discuss the following day’s battle plans, not bothering to consider strengthening his outer defenses or even reconnoitering the field, apparently having little fear of any approaching enemy.  Tomorrow, after the sun broke over the hills, he would assemble his grand army and charge it over the distant ridges on to glory and victory.

General Shoogn was surprised when the enemy made no attempt to retake their northern camps and instead withdrew the bulk of their army off toward the south.  Taking no chances, for fear of some secret trickery, Shoogn kept his cavalry on alert by having half of  the soldiers remain in their saddles at all times, rotating their dismounted rest periods.  He also sent scouts ahead to keep him informed of enemy movement.  While Shoogn covered the northern field above Tangathopen’s army, Queen NashieNafushie pulled her forces back, feigning a withdrawal to the south.
Throughout the day, southern command hurried supply trains east and north along the Crooked River so that, by evening, the major portion of the myriad of wagons were crammed in among and about the other encampments, filling the broad valley along Sandy Shoals.

After closely observing goings on throughout the afternoon, one of Orgon Tangathopen’s staff officers reported his concerns regarding the overcrowding of the camps.  “It will be most difficult to muster and align our infantry with all those wagons packed helter skelter among the encampments, especially considering the need to assemble the soldiers in the morning darkness so they will be able to advance upon the distant heights in the dawning light.”  Tangathopen was in no mood to bother listening to a worried officer about the crowded camps and possible difficulties his army would have forming ranks in the morning, let alone take the time to personally investigate the matter, himself.
Only this afternoon, a most beautiful, bronze beauty had entered his camp with her servants, entreating him for protection against those ‘evil demon people’.  Lady Nicola Carrier (Tosombabanna) had a most pitiable story to tell.  “My husband was a counselor to your ally, King Zezssa, traveling with the army of General Toosueboo, I and several other women folk traveling along with our officer husbands, when those demon monsters…some say the very witches of the damned…Noahashonie and Queen Monacan, called out to the Heavens to bring fire and blood down upon those innocents!”  The woman began to softly weep.  “My dear husband hurried into our camp, hustling me, along with my two servants (Susannah and KontinKuken), into our carriage, hurrying us away with a troop of horse soldiers and other wagons and carriages.”  She sobbed, “Oh, I fear he is dead!”
Placing a comforting hand on a bare shoulder, the woman’s garment little more than tatters, revealing a distracting amount of her feminine charms, Orgon Tangathopen attempted to comfort her by speaking soothing words.
Nicola looked up into Tangathopen’s sympathetic eyes, tears streaming down her face.  “We dared not stop when night came, but continued on through the darkness, my servant, Kontin, managing the reins, our only guidance being the occasional voices of the mounted soldiers!  Well, sometime during the night we were attacked by those demon people!  My servant whipped our horses into a maddening flight to escape the screams and cries of those behind being murdered by those monsters!  When the sun rose the next day, why, we were completely lost.  For the next several days, we wandered about, hoping to find our way home.  Just this morning, one of your horse patrols found us, delivering us here, to the safety of your camp.”
Tangathopen had only half listened to the tale of woe this woman was telling.  She was so beautiful and vulnerable, what with the trauma she had suffered.  Not that he intended to be anything more than supportive and reassuring, but there was something so sensual about this person.  It was as if she was begging to be held and comforted by this man she was speaking to.  Still resting his hand on the woman’s shoulder, the orgon promised to not allow any harm come to her.
Falling forward, Nicola cried tears of joy as she wrapped her arms around Tangathopen.  “Oh, please don’t leave me!  Please!  I’m so afraid, seeing what those beast people do to their captives!  Please don’t let me fall into their clutches!”
Tangathopen promised he would protect Nicola and her servants.
Nicola stepped back, releasing Tangathopen.  As she did, her torn garment fell from her shoulder, revealing her beauteous charms.  Thanking him, she asked with a shudder, “You promise to let me stay close to you?  My husband was always so close to me.  I do not know what to do with no man near me.”
Tangathopen could not refrain from staring, barely able to restrain his fingers from reaching out to touch and fondle the charms of this most handsome of women.  Only in his dreams had he believed such beauty existed.  So perfect she was, so handsomely perfect!  Even the demon woman in his dreams had nothing on this youngling woman!  She was flawless in every way, except for the occasional bruise and thorny scratch, something that made her appear even more sensually desirable.   He must have her, whatever it would take…peacefully of course, if possible.  It was far more pleasurable that way…but have her by any means was acceptable to him!  With shaking fingers, very tenderly, Tangathopen lifted the woman’s torn garment up over her shoulder, carefully fastening it with a small clasp taken from his own uniform.  “There,” he smiled comfortingly, “may I suggest you and your servants go with my attendants here to freshen up a bit.  Then if you wish, join me as I conduct this day’s business.”
Nicola frowned, fear of abandonment growing in her eyes.  “I… I don’t know…”
Taking Nicola’s hand, his fingers fondling hers, Tangathopen reassured the woman, promising, “I will remain here until your return.  You will not be far from me at all.  Allow my attendants to provide you a bath and a change of clothing.  Then you rejoin me right here.  I will be near the entire time…right here.”
Nicola thanked the orgon for his graciousness, offering a slight curtsy.  She then sent Kontin away to tend to the wagon and horses after Susannah delivered what little baggage they had to the orgon’s tent.  Before leaving him, she leaned close to place a tender kiss on Tangathopen’s cheek, her warm, sweet breath filling his nostrils with its intoxicating scent.  “Thank you,” she quietly cooed, nearly whispering, “I owe you so much.  Whatever I can do to show you my gratitude, you only need ask me.”  She quickly hurried away.

Afternoon quickly passed into evening.  Nicola, attired in a dress belonging to one of Tangathopen’s mistresses, strolled about the camp with the orgon.  Kontin, after caring for the animals and wagon, wandered about, watching goings on, often primping in a small mirror he carried, all the while talking to himself about every other matter and concern.  Susannah remained near the orgon’s tent, tending to her lady’s business, mending her clothes and doing other little, odd jobs, including chattily primping in front of a small mirror she carried.  At times, she might catch the eye of an officer come to visit the orgon, she and the fellow eventually disappearing into nearby thickets to have a more personal conversation.
Tangathopen and Nicola returned to his encampment about the darkening hour, she holding the orgon’s hand, laughing at some humorous tale he was telling.  With longing eyes, the woman searched the busy camp before asking, “Would my hero find displeasure in his servant girl if we took our meal alone tonight in your tent?”
Already smitten nearly to death, Tangathopen readily accepted the woman’s invitation, making his heart jump in passionate palpitation.  “Such a little thing my lady requests,” the man nearly stammered.  Ordering a servant to deliver some food and wine to the tent, he placed two guards in front of the door, telling them he was not to be bothered for any reason.
Hours later, the orgon lay back on his cot, panting, exhausted.  Nicola had not disappointed, her romantic prowess surpassing her breathtaking beauty.  His heart still pounding from their passionate interlude, Nicola pressed her body up against Tangathopen’s, placing spread fingers upon his chest.  “My Lord,” she cooed seductively, “your ardor is still strong with power.  Allow this child another ride and she will give her lord dreams and visions beyond that of mortal men!”
Tangathopen did not even question what the woman meant by her haunting words.  He merely nodded his consent.  In a little while, the man’s mind was filled with the rhapsodic sights and sounds of worlds beyond worlds, the man wishing his journey would never end.

Son Haudenosaunez stood on a high bluff, looking through a special night vision eyepiece given him by Juliet, watching the enemy encampment below.  The woman stood next to him, pointing out locations and providing information Kontin and Susannah had earlier communicated to her.  Satisfied with understanding the layout of the camps and fortified emplacements, he and Juliet retraced their steps down the other side of the bluff where his officers waited for orders.  Also anticipating their return were Noahashonie and Hyhoset (Queen Monacan).
During the day and into the evening, a great body of infantry had arrived.  By these early morning hours, there were nearly thirty thousand foot soldiers up and available for the coming battle.  Son immediately put those soldiers to work, digging redoubts and trenches in the steep, western slope of the bluff, warning them of an approaching, severe storm.  “The wind may be up a bit, so you will want to be hiding low.”
After receiving the latest weather report from Sodasonie, Son issued battle plans to his officers, his commands transmitted to northern and southern military units through Juliet’s speaking mirror.  “There will come upon us about the dawning of the day, a powerful tempest of some severity.  Dangerous it may be, so prepare sanctuaries for yourselves and your beasts until its passing!  But be on the ready to immediately dive upon your enemy after the storm has passed you by!”
General Shoogn, accompanied by Queen Cheyenne (Tuosolmerica) and Chief Secotan TewaTeton (SchroGarthTho), was to charge his entire cavalry contingent south, into the enemy’s northern flank.  At that same time, to the south, Queen NashieNafushie and her son, MalakAbarDohn, accompanied by Lady Heidi Tomassie, were to slam the weight of their forces into the enemy’s southern encampments.  Son would lead his infantry over the bluffs and into the enemy in front of Sandy Shoals, there expecting to face the heaviest of the fighting.  Along with them were companies of Sky Children preparing to engage the giant beast-men who were located primarily near the center of Tangathopen’s army.
When Son had finished delivering his battle plan, Sodasonie stepped away into the shadows and contacted PalaHar who commanded several squadrons of fighters patrolling overhead, above the thickening storm clouds.  “Keep a close eye out for mischief, but remain vigilant to our purpose.  Our duty is not to win this contest for our Earthly brothers, but to protect them from Asotos’ intervention.  As of this moment, we are not at war and I wish, for our part, that to remain the case.  Engage the enemy only as a last resort to protect our fellows below.”
PalaHar acknowledged Sodasonie’s commands, but pondered the diplomatic ramifications for the Sky Children moving to destroy the Anakim (Anoofimnihe) on the ground below.  True, those beast-men were not human, but they were composed for the most part of human genetics.  He felt it would be a stretch to claim they were fighting only the non-human part of those beasts, the human part merely dying when the beastly part was killed.  He had argued that point at the last war council, but Mihai, Sodasonie, and Planetee had counter-argued, saying that to allow the Anakim to unleash their terror upon Son’s people would lead to sure defeat, and that could not happen, no matter the cost to the Sky Children.
Shaking his head with the knowledge of what this would all lead to, PalaHar issued orders to his squadron commanders.  “We cannot allow a first strike to take place!  If any ships of the League of Brothers enter the field, it is to be considered an act of war, and you are to engage them...no warning shots, no flybys!  You can permit no breach, no attack on our soldiers below.  Please acknowledge.”
All the squadron leaders repeated PalaHar’s orders, confirming their understanding.  The stage was now set.  All was ready for the approaching zero hour.

*    *    *

Orgon Tangathopen woke to desperate cries of panicking soldiers and the tumultuous, screaming roar of an approaching wind monster.  He stared out the opened flap of his tent, past Nicola’s silhouette as she stood in the tent’s entrance.  Grabbing a covering, Tangathopen pushed past the woman and into the morning firelight, calling to a frantic attendant to find out what was happening.
Pale-faced, the attendant pointed into the darkness, shouting back over the growing tempest, “A monster, twisting wind storm approaches!  Run and hide from its wrath!”  Not waiting to see if the orgon had further orders, the attendant rushed away, in search of a safe hiding place.
That roar was becoming deafening as Tangathopen rushed back to his tent for Nicola, but she was not to be found, already having run off.  At that instant, a gust of wind tore at the fire, sending an ocean of sparks into the sky and ripping apart a nearby service tent.  With only his cloth garment tied about him, the orgon dove for nearby trees, wrapping his arms securely around one for fear of being blown away in the howling gale.
Nicola and her Haudenosaunez companions had hurried to an overhang along the river, receiving word through their talking mirrors where safety might be found.  After the storm passed, a skiff would arrive to ferry them across the river.  The three hunkered down beside the roots of an ancient tree to wait out the storm.
The raging tempest howled and thrashed, flattening several tents and toppling over a wagon in Tangathopen’s compound, but the main fury of the half-mile wide, twisting hurricane swept off further to the south where it caused massive devastation
 Crawling out from his hiding place, and upon seeing that his tent still remained relatively intact, the orgon went in search of his uniform and quickly dressed.  When finished, he gathered what few of his officers he could find and headed out to see what damage there was.
The path of the cyclonic storm had swept through the main encampments of Tangathopen’s infantry.  Its path entered from the northwest, moving erratically toward the southeast at about the pace of a running man, its twirling winds swirling many times faster than any horse could gallop.  The orgon looked around at the destruction through blinding flashes of departing lightning, realizing that possibly hundreds of his soldiers were dead or injured.  This did not take into account the countless wagons and chariots that were smashed and ruined.
As he stood there, gathering his wits about him, preparing to issue orders, cries arose off to the west, alerting him to other dangers.  Staring off into an approaching squall, Tangathopen watched in disbelief, seeing hundreds upon hundreds of his crack infantry all in a panicked run, fleeing toward him.  As they were sweeping by, he looked into the distance just as a lightning flash revealed a most terrifying sight.  Across the valley, for as far as his eyes could see, was an innumerable enemy army swarming down the bluffs and through the valley plain.  As the darkness again enveloped him, the man wondered if his eyes had really been truthful.  Was it possible there was an attacking enemy host of such vast numbers?  Another flash of lightning confirmed that his eyes were not mistaken.

Son moved quickly behind his lead elements of infantry, close enough to observe and direct the battle to his front, yet back far enough to receive messages and issue orders from and to his other commanders.  The twisting storm had been so destructive that what little resistance remained was quickly smashed.  In minutes, the surviving mass of Tangathopen’s infantry was in a mad, scrambling rout.
At this same time, Shoogn’s cavalry was plowing into the enemy’s northern camps, sweeping through them like a reaper in a ripe grain field.  Queen NashieNafushie was doing the same with the southern camps, even more confusion breaking out there what with the jumbled wagon parks filled with frantic teamsters and terrified draft animals.
It was not long before those fleeing north from Nashie’s raiders crashed into the crowds of fleeing infantry from further north.  In the morning darkness, several battles broke out within the colliding bodies, each believing the other to be their enemy.  How many hundreds died in these bloody confrontations before things got sorted out, the record does not state, but it must have been a large number by all accounts.
Those fleeing contact with Shoogn fared better in that the infantry, being well aware of the enemy’s presence to the north, fled east toward the Crooked River, many hoping to find escape by swimming the relatively placid waters of Sandy Shoals.  Upon seeing their way impeded by the storm’s destructive path, many of the cavalry raced pell mell for the river, driving their horses over the low, steep banks and into the water, oftentimes trampling hapless soldiers attempting to escape on foot.
The sun was beginning to cast its gray glow of early morning when Son’s infantry reached the beaches along Sandy Shoals, effectively cutting Tangathopen’s army in two.  By this time, the northern part of the orgon’s army had been pushed back into the trees and brush along the river bank, the crush of people and animals attempting flight across the river hampering the escape of others waiting on the shore.  Many of those who could not get away turned to fight a defensive battle that, at times, became intense and bloody.
The southern part of Tangathopen’s army found itself in a very precarious position, seeing that the Crooked River was far more treacherous below Sandy Shoals.  Because of this, one of the brave commanders in the southern wing prepared to make a run for it by breaking through enemy lines.  When the gray of morning revealed the battle plain, he charged his corps of cavalry down the eastern road, holding it open long enough for several thousand trapped infantry to escape along with his cavalry.  Those remaining behind faced a dismal choice: to attempt a defeat of their attackers, or to make for the river and hope to survive its crossing.
Safety was not guaranteed for those successfully swimming the river off Sandy Shoals.   Upon reaching the far shore, the sodden soldiers were met with a hail of arrows and fire from thunder sticks shot by hundreds of warriors who had earlier forded the river.  There were even two bombards to be found, ferried across the river, upstream, the day before.  Many fell from the onslaught, the river becoming choked with the dead and dying.  For those who successfully made the shore, they faced fierce hand to hand combat before making escape off to the east.
By the middle of the day, the battle was over, Queen Nashie’s raiders in pursuit of those escaping to the east, Shoogn’s cavalry following up close behind.  By nightfall, the chase was called a halt to, permitting the surviving enemy to make its escape.  Reports eventually arrived that only about eight thousand of Tangathopen’s soldiers saw the eastern shore of the Aosolagessa River again, the orgon not among them.  His body was discovered days after the battle, beside his loyal attendants, where they fought to the death at the edge of the river, defending the crossing.
The slain were scattered across a battlefield up to four miles wide and ten miles long.  It was not only the vanquished who had suffered loss.  Over a thousand of Son’s army died in the battle, and thousands more were wounded.  True, a relatively small number for the prize taken, but heartbreaking for Son when he thought of the many friends and lovers left bereft of those they loved.  Son was also burdened with his visions, realizing that this was but the beginning stroke, the flicker of the flame that ignites the forest into a raging inferno.  There would be coming battles when those who perished on both sides would far outnumber all those who fell this day, and yet those battles would not satisfy the unquenchable thirst of the god of war.

Son was up early the next morning, mustering his troops to be on the march.  He wanted to depart this retched place before its gloom infected his jubilant army.  For now, they would bury their dead and gather up the spoils, leaving it up to those yet to arrive to bury the enemy dead, if time permitted it.  He also sent orders back for the bulk of his approaching army to move off the road and journey south, across the plains west of Crooked River, before picking up the road below where the battle was fought.
With his cavalry already out ahead, Son Haudenosaunez marched his foot soldiers, along with many newly acquired chariots and the Chinese bombards, down the road and off to the east in pursuit of the fleeing enemy.

There had also been a great battle fought high in the skies above Crooked River that quickly spread into the Middle Realm, forcing Mihai and her war council to make a declaration of war against the League of Brothers, this being exactly what Asotos had hoped for.  During that day’s contest, PalaHar and his squadron commanders had managed to keep Salak’s contingent of warships at bay, but at a frightful cost.  Thirteen of the Children’s Empire front line fighters tumbled into the flaming abyss, sixteen of their three-person crews being killed in the contest.  This had not been a good day for the Children’s Empire, what with another eight of their fellows dying on the field, fighting the giant beast-men.  Sad to say, this first battle was little more than a skirmish when compared to the many others that were to be fought before this war came to a finish.
That night, after the enemy had been driven from Sandy Shoals, Sodasonie joined in moot with Son and some of his leading chiefs and officers, warning them, “Do not think this great victory won today is the end of matters, and that freedom from care has now arrived!  No, indeed!  The door to Hell has only been opened and countless are the souls yet to be interred there before this war comes all the way to its finish!  Do not fear death, for should any of you fall in this evil hour, remembered you will be when the final bell tolls its remembrance.  And should any of you live far into your old age, your reward will be no greater.
“No, all of you must go on to your finish, whether it be tomorrow or one hundred years, for the promise given to your forefather, Joshawnataun, that this land will become yours as an inheritance, even forever, that all the sons of Meric shall share together in this land, is yet in a far, distant time.  Many will rove about before that day to judge and to be judged.  So pray for your children’s peace so that the land will not become cursed again before that day shall arrive!
“And listen also, please.  This day, my own kind, the lords of heavenly places fell, defending your people, their blood mixing with yours in victory’s death celebration.  Together we shall live, or together we shall die to bring this war to its finish.  Not since the days of your mother goddess, Aphrodite, has our kind delivered their souls up so freely for their Earthly brothers…for this Earthly cause.  Do not shame their sacrifices, but be brave and march on to your end, having no fear of what the morrow may bring!”  She stared off into the darkness.  “I take leave now to bury my dead...”
Son was convinced he could hear the sound of quiet sobbing as Sodasonie walked away, disappearing into the shadows.

*    *    *

King Aganthopen went into a blind rage when news reached him of his brother’s death and the army’s crushing defeat at Crooked River, with the subsequent crossing of the Aosolagessa River into the east by Son Haudenosaunez and his people.  Screaming threats of annihilation and damnation, he ordered his southern kingdom emptied of all its able-bodied men to march as though one into the northern lands, there to destroy every living soul of those not completely allied with his rulership and gods.
Within a fortnight, hundreds of thousands of men from youngling to old man were on the march north, along the coast of the Tecatucutan Sea or packed in giant war canoes, sailing across it the toward the mouth of the Aosolagessa, King Aganthopen standing in a lead canoe.  Many of these men were simple folk, farmers and fishers, carrying little more than spear and shield, and not even well trained in their use.  This, though, was only the vanguard of Aganthopen’s crushing army.  Over the coming months, millions more men would depart into the north, many thousands dying on the journey from sickness and lack of food.  Aganthopen cared little, seeking revenge for his brother’s death at any and all cost.
With the gathering of the storm in the south, the Haudenosaunez sent Rae, Baalath, BondaBoor, Susannah, and Hilga to Europe to call in some favors.

*   *   *

BondaBoor sat back on the divan, the sparkling reflection of his cut glass goblet filled with burgundy wine dancing upon the wall, as the late day sun played upon the room where he sat.  The man sitting across from him fidgeted with his fingers as he listened to Lady Tomassie’s proposals and offers.
Lady Tomassie smiled, reminding the man, “As you well know, your grandfather, Eynar, remained deeply indebted to the Guild at the time of his passing.  The amount of gold owed to it, as well as the support given his father in taking the Orkneys and your grandfather, along with his brother, Rollo, in his successful negotiations for northern France with King Charles the Simple… well, Lord Grisboke, it should come as no surprise to you that the Guild permitted such indebtedness by your family to continue for specific reasons…a time when it would be in need of your service.”
Lord Grisboke looked up, his anxious eyes searching Lady Tomassie’s.  “But the risk is so great!  I am not such a wealthy man as to suffer a loss of ten thousand soldiers, should things go badly.  You say the southern enemy in that faraway, mystic land is like the leaves upon an oaken forest.  True, the reward you offer is great, but only if success is attained and my people survive!”
BondaBoor leaned forward, setting his glass of wine down on a side table, his toothy smile sending chills down Lord Grisboke’s back.  “My friend, we have not come here seeking succor, nor to negotiate some kind of contract.  It has been the hope of the Guild that, by speaking directly with you, matters could be expedited, seeing that time is of the essence.  Whether you cooperate with us or not is of little concern at the moment.  It is the time element that is so important.”
“But Lord Bruxelles,” Grisboke extended his hands beseechingly, “I do not have the gold and silver to equip and supply an army of that size!  Eynar’s father, Rogenwald, conquered this land with fewer men than you are asking me to deliver.”
Shaking his head, BondaBoor replied, “We ask you not to equip and supply the army, other than with what weapons you may have in your armory.  You just need to deliver us the army…one of healthy men and women…no children or sickly ones.  The Guild will take care of the rest.”  He handed Lord Grisboke a script.  “These are the locations you are to deliver your army to.  You have ninety days to accomplish this.”
Lord Grisboke took the script, his voice filled with uncertainty.  “I…I…will do my best to gather the number you are asking for, but…”
BondaBoor stood, frowning.  “You will deliver that number!  Where they will be going is no concern of yours.  Tell them whatever you wish. Promise them landed estates and wealth in gold and silver…whatever.  Go to the Scots.  They like a good fight and to get paid for it.  Here, this may help.”  At that, BondaBoor tossed two hefty bags of gold coins onto the table in front of Grisboke.  “Offer this to them, saying there’s plenty more for them if they join up for your little crusade.”
Lady Tomassie slowly rose.  “It has been a pleasure, Lord Grisboke.  We must be on our way, for other important business there is for us to conclude before the sun sets this day.  Thank you for your time.  Please remember to be promptly about your own business.”
At that, the two quietly departed.  Lord Grisboke watched out the window as they entered their carriage and hurried away, the man cursing his birth under his breath as he hefted a king’s ransom of the world’s purest gold.

*    *    *

Rae stood, his angry eyes boring into those of the Venetian guildsmen seated about the table.  His voice echoed across the room like a thunderstorm rolling down the mountains.  “Long enough have my people protected your ships and landed estates!  Whether this war consumes your world is not a matter of debate, for it will, if not today, then tomorrow!  Do not think you can escape the wrath of the warlock priests of Hormax!  Already they stand at your door, knowing well who has checked their hands since the days of Egypt down through the glory of Rome and on to this day.”
He lifted a hand, shaking a finger.  “The Guild will live or die by its decisions made here this day.  Should you choose to abandon your allies at this critical hour, then damnation to all of you!  No longer will the serpents of the watery deep protect your fleets from the secret navies of the ones seeking your destruction.
“You say the risk is too great and the expedition too costly.  I tell you that, should the children of the west lose this war, then you have no future, the Queen of Babylon coming before her day, covering the entire Earth in a darkness that will last a thousand years!  In her world, there will be no place for the Guild.”  Looking out a distant window, Rae sighed, resigned.  “Then there will be nothing left of this world to be salvaged.  Will the Maker of Worlds even bother to come, should that be the case?”
Sorgey Jermanis Sivenstine slowly rose, the man bent low from his many years of hard sea life.  He first looked about at those seated in the room and then at Rae.  “It is said that my ancestors stood beside the Witch Ashonie when she brought down the king of Atlantis outside the gates of Paris.  On the walls of Carthage, my ancient kindred fought to the death against the Roman hordes, your people saving my family’s patriarch, BacallJermanis along with his sister, our ancestress, from assured destruction on the night the city fell.  Never will his children forget what you did for us in that hour!”  He stood tall and proud. “No man of ours has ever bent a knee to Hormax, yet at a great cost it has been, our blood staining the waters of many an ocean in defense of all that is good in this world!  For me and my household, as with my forefathers, whatever is ours is yours to do with as you see fit.  Unto our death in Hell and beyond is where we will follow!”
Rogenwald St. Clair stood, thumping his chest. “Fire burns hot in the heart of a Norseman.  It is told me that my forebear, Graugnaugh, once stood in the very halls of Asgard and was seduced by Frigga, the wife of Woden, and a Valkyrie named ‘Heidi’, mother of Trelleborg,” he eyed Rae, “being forever changed by the affairs.  Whether those tales are to be believed is debate for a different day.  Yet ever has the name ‘Tomassie’ been bantered about when those tales are told to inquisitive, little ears.  I have twenty ships and a thousand hardy men that I can offer you for this quest, I myself leading them to their doom in the west!”
Other men slowly nodded in thought, some rubbing their chins or softly pulling on their beards as they pondered future fates.  As several of these men took to discussing with others choices to be made, Athelstan the Younger stood, defiantly declaring, “Long have the Norse scum fought for possession of Britain!  My forebear, after who I was named, drove out the Viking Danes that were polluting those sacred isles!  I know for a fact that, should I deliver up to you an army to fight in the west, these heathen Norse seated here today would not hesitate to invade us with the knowledge of how weakened we have become!”
Angry cries and shouts echoed across the chambers as men jumped up, reaching for daggers and swords.  Rae raised his hands high, shouting, “This is a house of peace!  Any man bringing harm to another in this place shall be cast forever from the Guild…he and all his people!  Put you weapons away and sit back down!”
Seeing the fire burning in Rae’s eyes convinced the people to obey his commands.  When things had quieted, Rae addressed Athelstan.  “The Venetian Trade Guild has survived down to this day because of the mutual respect that has been given to each and every one of its members.  From the days of Egypt down to this hour, only honor and respect have been permitted at these moots.  You have the right to disagree with others present, and you may choose what you and your people will do.  But you must understand the price to be paid when one chooses to act recklessly against his fellow Guild members.  Remember, the kings believe that they are the sovereign rulers over peoples and estates, while it is truly forces like this Guild, the World Court, and other lordships residing in unreachable places and dwelling in deep shadows that choose who those very kings shall be and to what level of power and glory they will attain.
“Those lordships, and the Valkyrie warrior priestesses who ever guard the gates of Heaven and Earth, need not deliver one to destruction, for there awaits, beyond those gates, dark forces of evil, intent on bringing to nothing what has been preserved by the ever watchfulness of those stalwart sentries.  Do be careful, Lord Athelstan!  Decisions made here this day may well affect nations for generations to come!”
Angrily extending a hand, pointing a shaking finger, Athelstan exclaimed, “Already your co-conspirator, Lord Bruxelles, and that whore companion of his have threatened and cajoled my courtiers into assembling armies to the depletion of the English isles!  Oh yes, my man was not so foolhardy as to obey them without first conferring with me!”  He beat his chest defiantly. “No matter the size of the bribe, or terrible the threat, not one Englishman of mine will join this ridiculous quest of yours!  Go, take those of the Scots, Welsh, and Irish…and whoever else among that rabble with you!  Their departure will make the air fresher on those isles!  No English will I give you.  Not one!”
Rae leaned forward, placing his hands on the table, his eyes burning furiously hot.  Just above a whisper, he snarled, “Only an ass of a fool calls my mother a whore…”
An audible gasp filled the room, none there comprehending Heidi Tomassie was Rae’s mother, though they shared the same name, something that was not uncommon even among strangers in those days.  His cousin, or possibly a sister, maybe?  But his mother?  Impossible, unless…  They stared at Rae in wonder.  Who was this mysterious man leading the council?  Stories had been told, rumors bantered, but were believed to be little more than tales.  Rae revealed them not to be.
“Boudica revered Lady Tomassie, bowing down to her in respect.  Yet when she failed to listen to the woman’s wise counsel, her defeat came at the hands of Roman general, Suetonius, tumbling Britain into a dark age that lasted centuries! Her daughters, Irene and Sophie, were rescued from death by that Lady, known to your ancestors as ‘Andred’, their descendants walking the decks of my serpents from the watery deep, protecting your sacred trade routes down to this day.
“You, Lord Athelstan, are much more foolish than you ancestress, Boudica.  She only failed to pay heed to the counsels of the wise and lost Britain.  You, though, have defied the very powers offering you counsel, your acts of rebellion being not going to the aid of your brothers in the west, in their hour of need.  I tell you, if you do not change your mind and join to this cause, those very forces you fear will one day take away from the English the glory offered them!  Yes, to the Norse, the Irish, Scots and other, despicable ‘bastard children’, will the glory of New Rome be given, for the English seed will be corrupted by the blood of all these unholy men! ”
Though shocked, his face reflecting great fear, Athelstan’s pride did not allow him to back down.  In a shaky voice, he cried out to the others in the room, “Does this…this…imposter…one professing long life back to the days of Atlantis…expect us to surrender our sovereignty up to his whimsical fantasies?!  It has been on the backs of our labors, our people, and our blood that this council has maintained its trading powers, Lord Tomassie and his cohorts doing nothing at all for us, skimming from our tills the cream of our hard work!”
Gothelo of Lorraine and his cousin, Louis Wigeric, stood, men younger in years than many in the Venetian Council, but already highly respected because of their exploits and adventures.  Gothelo motioned to be heard.  “Lord Athelstan, well it is known your passionate conviction for the island of the English, but please listen.  The legends of Tomassie fade into the distant past, far beyond our vision.  Never has a promise made by a Tomassie…whether this man, Rae, is that person or a descendant or not…never has a promise of a Tomassie failed our council, not from the days of the great Phoenician Trading Guilds down to this day!  Is it not true that the very wealth that has delivered us to this hour came from duties forced from Rome’s hand after their burning of Carthage?”
Louis spoke up, hands extended, palms upward.  “Though it be by vision or reality, I have seen the crystal city of Asgard, the people of that world saving me after my ship floundered in a troubling storm, though I do believe it was in reality and not a delusional vision.  Beautiful and majestic are the men and women of that world, as well as brave and fearless, with ships that sail not only under the seas but high in the skies above us!  Ever do those people protect our shipping lanes, our estates, and all that is good in this world!  Please listen to Lord Rae for, should he be asking for a thing, it is not for his benefit that he asks it, but for the world of men!”
Angrily, Athelstan shouted, “Fools!  You’re all fools if you risk everything to follow this man!  Your young men, soldiers and sailors, will be cast into the seas or devoured by the evil hordes in the west!  Destitute you will all become because of such great loss!  You call this man protective?  Look for yourselves and see.  The Norse, Danes, and Germans have plundered and raped their way across Europe until half the population is their bastard progeny!  Never should we have allowed their kind into this council!”
He thumped his chest, “Trust not a Tomassie, if your shirt you wish keep and your wife you do not want defiled!   I will not surrender up one Englishman to this foolhardy cause, but save them to keep England pure and clean!  As long as I live, that rabble will not place one foot upon the English shores and survive!  Those who are wise will depart this house of fools with me, and make compacts of our own!”  At that, Athelstan stormed from the chambers, a few others following him out, setting the stage for political intrigues that would sweep across Europe and eastern worlds for hundreds of years, shaping the political landscape for kings and tyrants for generations to come.

*    *    *

Gothelo and his cousin, Louis Wigeric, stood on the heaving deck of the Venetian war galley, Boldness, as it plunged through stormy seas, gazing upon lead elements of the great, European invasion fleet.  All told, Rae and his confederates had managed to quietly gather over one hundred thousand warriors out of the heart of Europe to sail into the unknown, in support of their western allies.  KontinKuken had also collected fifteen thousand souls from Africa, making haste toward the west in their fast, lateen rigged, two and three-masted ships.  Although those aboard were fearing little more than the storm, Louis knew that deadly war was already raging beneath these tumultuous waters and in the skies.
Louis’ father was not the quiet merchant that people of his city believed him to be.  Richard Westfar Wigeric was a Submariner, descended from the Templar Knights who rode beside their witch queen, Noahashonie, in her battles against Atlantis’ King Dungy.  His submarine boat, Marlboro, shadowed the fleet in the depths far below.  Already, it had contested against the enemy Hormaxian navy seeking the destruction of this west bound fleet.  Louis knew these things because of the communicator given him by his father.  When Louis was just a lad, he was introduced into the order of the Lady, the Submariner’s insignia being a silver crest bearing a white swan and seven golden stars, an emblem that flew high over Admiral Rae Tomassie’s battleships.
Recalling when he was a young lad, many visits were paid upon his grandfather, Portfalher Wigeric, by two courtly gentlemen named ‘Lords Bruxelles and Beaufort’, and a beautiful lady, Countess Tobanahazz.  The wondrous tales told by these people began to gel in his mind as Louis stared into the turbulent waters.  They shared stories of the worlds of demons, men and gods, where angels and humans were but one sword stroke separated from each other.  They revealed that men and women from the age of Atlantis still walked among the throngs of lowly people, hiding in plain sight, and that had intrigued the boy.  Pondering the possibility that Rae Tomassie might be the young man who stole the heart of the witch queen of Atlantis, Noahashonie, he wondered if those visitors who frequented themselves at Portfalher’s door might also be of the ancient order of the Haudenosaunez.  And if they were, then who really was this ‘Aphrodite’ occasionally referred to, also the Lady Sodasonie, mentioned at times?
A sudden realization flashed through Louis’ mind that this war in the west was far more important than saving a people or holding back the darkness for an hour.  It was as if the Spirits were opening up long-hidden knowledge that had remained secreted away in the man’s mind, those tales intentionally spoken in earshot, for this very hour when his blood would be up for this nearing war.
Now he thought he understood.  His destiny lay beyond this war, if he survived it.  No!  In his heart, he could see future days beyond the coming conflagration.  He and a chosen few were to join a special calling, lay a foundation for future days, a future kingdom, the resurrection of Atlantis and the protection of a very special bloodline.  He also knew that those chosen few were to be found in the crowds riding these ships to war alongside him.
Strong tingles raced through the back of Louis’ skull and down his back, a face appearing before his eyes while a voice called out to him.  “The blood of future kings shall your hands preserve, and by the Serpent’s seed shall true light come to the world.  Weave the tapestry so that good and evil shall rule as one, the cloud covering the light while the righteous betray the wicked.  My child, Queen Monacan…seek her out in the final hour when Haudenosaunez and the Lady stand upon Salem’s mountain after the world’s ending.”  The vision instantly faded, leaving Louis staring dumbly into the frothing sea.
Seeing Louis so deeply lost in thought, Gothelo asked his cousin what the matter was all about.  Louis peered in Gothelo’s questioning face, finally grinning while slapping his companion on the back.  “Cousin, you and I have an appointment with destiny!  The blood of Christ shall live again…does live and on Salem’s peaks!  We shall be given the keys to Heaven and Hell!”  He began laughing, lifting a hand to the wind.  “And the game begins!”

*    *    *

Son slowly trod the torrid battlefield after a hard won victory.  A victory, yes, but oh at what a cost!  Entire clans bereft of any clansmen, husbands bereft of wives, wives husbands, sons fathers, fathers sons, mothers daughters, daughters mothers.  The slaughter was so great that little more could be done than dig pits and cast friend, lover, and kinsman into them beside foe, monster, and beast…all sharing the same reward in death.  A day’s march to the right or left, behind or ahead, would deliver a soul to the same ruination of blistered and twisted trees, burned and battered fields, slaughtered herds of elk, deer, and buffalo, and countless domestic animals torn and scattered in the broken pens and corrals of devastated cities.  Jumbled with all this destruction were countless bodies of the slain, good and evil, godly and demonic, too many to count by the few survivors searching the devastation for something…anything that would return a world of sanity to them.
For over eight days and nights, without letup, the two armies clashed in a maddening tumult with men and beasts, demons and angels, on the ground and in the skies, far in the Heavens, beyond the sight of mortal men, battling with wooden shields and stone spears, contending against weapons of indescribable power and might.  Sodasonie had informed Son that the two armies engaged numbered in the millions.  For days, rivers like the Genesee and Susquehanna ran red with the blood of the dead and dying.  Streams large and small were choked with bodies of the slain.
Standing on a promontory, overlooking the Genesee where it emptied into the northern freshwater sea, Son Haudenosaunez pondered the value of this war.  Had all the slaughter and destruction been for a holy purpose, or were all things…visions, dreams…only evil machinations unleashed by the warmongering gods?  Who really was Sodasonie, the bringer of salvation to an enslaved and tortured people, or a demon witch-sister of the Devil?  Son so much wanted to believe this crusade was holy and necessary.  He wished for a reason greater than the repatriation of his people.  Slavery was better than this wholesale slaughter that brought ruin to all living things.  He extended his hands toward the Heavens, crying out to the Great Spirit for the reason of such murder.  “Show me its value!  Is there a greater cause that I do not see?!  Show me, please, that I may go on living so as not to go mad!”
As if answering his cry, at that instant, the roar of fiery horses filled the air.  In seconds, a sky ship settled down beside Son, Sodasonie and Tuosolmerica quickly exiting the ship.  Sodasonie walked with a limp, her leg badly torn during combat.  Tuosol’s arm was wrapped from the elbow to the wrist, a sword stroke having severed muscle and tendon.  Both women looked far worse for wear than expected.  They had also been in the thick of it, lending their support to the brink of death.  In that moment, Son began to understand that whatever the purpose for all this madness might be, the gods were also risking everything to bring this war to a successful finish.
Sodasonie hobbled up to Son and grasped his arm.  “My brother, please come with us.  It is so very important that you hurry!”
Calling to the other chieftains that he would return as soon may be, Son rushed away with the women and, in short order, was being whisked away toward the south, to the banks of the Susquehanna River.

Son and the others slowly made their way through the tent city filled with injured and dying, sounds filling his ears of surgeons’ saws and the cursing and crying of soldiers having arm or leg severed from their body, silently wondering how different that person’s future world was going to be.  Son was becoming nauseous.  So much more would he rather charge into the jaws of certain death than to endure the sights and sounds of its aftermath!  Such were the numbers of this recent destruction that a continuous train of small wagons slowly moved through the camps, filled with arms, legs, and the deceased who failed to survive the surgeon’s knife, all to be unceremoniously tossed into the many hastily dug, flaming pits.
Slogging through the muddy roadway, a chill, late fall wet snow squall adding to the misery of the wounded and dying, Son and his party eventually came to a weathered tent that once had been opulently colored in bright hues of blue, green, and red, but now stood faded and drab in the late day, dreary grayness.  Patched and repaired as if with haphazard unconcern for its owner, if it wasn’t for the royal staff hanging wet and torn on its standard in front of the tent’s opening, one would believe this to be the remains of a pillaged camp.
Upon seeing the new arrivals, an officer hurried over to greet them, bowing low while clasping opened hands together.  “My kindred masters, it is good that you have arrived so quickly!  Our lord has little time remaining, and he so has wished to speak with you before departing!”
The officer directed the party to the tent, opening its flap and calling to the person inside. “My Lord Commander, they have arrived.  Shall I send them in?”
An arm went up from a person stretched out on a cot.  While motioning they enter, the person called out to Son in a weak voice, “Please, please, my friend, come to my side.”
Stepping into the tent, Son recognized the person on the cot to be none other than General Shoogn.  Seeing that the man was severely wounded, Son stepped forward, taking Shoogn’s extended hand.  “I do pray that you are not hurt badly, and that soon you will be on your feet again.”
General Shoogn smiled through pallid lips, “No, my friend, it is not so.  This woman… Queen Rose” pointing toward Tosombabanna, standing in the corner of the tent, “has told me I am killed and that I should gather those I wish to have a final moot with before I depart.”
Tears gushed from Son’s eyes as he moaned in grief, “This cannot be so!  Queen Rose must be mistaken!  Long life to you, please…long life!”
Shoogn grinned, slowly shaking his head.  “I have already stood upon the mountain and spoken with the Great Spirit.  This body I have used up to serve in a righteous cause.  Not for silver or gold, or power, or glory, or women have I fought this contest, but because it has been the right thing to do.  The Great Spirit has listened to my voice and has called me to come be at peace and rest for an hour, sending the Lady, White Buffalo Woman, to deliver me to that rest.” He looked over at Sodasonie, smiling.
Sodasonie closed her tear-filled eyes, her head dropping in a single nod.
He then addressed Son.  “You have said that your people and my people are one kindred, one blood, one mind.  Please take care of my children.  Take them into your tent as sons for you.  Give them wives so that their blood will not be forgotten.  One soul, one heart, one body, they are to be with you.”
Son squeezed Shoogn’s hand.  “I swear as I have sworn, like my own blood kin are all the people who have journeyed down with you to this day!  Their blood will become one with our blood, so that one nation shall stand alone upon the mountains in this world.  One nation, one council, one blood, brother and sister to brother and sister they are to us.  This I do swear as I live!”
“Good.  That is good.”  Shoogn grimaced in pain, catching his breath before continuing.  “It is a good thing, but first you must bring this war to a finish.  I have seen, and do believe more important is this warring than you can know.  So important it is!  If you do not win, then Atlantis will not be reborn, and Atlantis must be reborn if the world is to be reborn!  Yes, you, too, will go on to your sleep and not see the finish, but your blood seed will live on to see the world made new.  Do not become discouraged, for great is the reward for all who sacrifice to bring matters to a finish.”
He looked over at Tuosol.  “Queen Cheyenne has told me tales of many wars that have swept these lands that you and I have together trod, and says that many more are to come before the world is at peace.  She says that these things must take place if evil is to be defeated.  She says not to tire out, but to keep up the good fight.”  Staring into Son’s eyes, Shoogn encouraged Son, “Do not become weary, do not tire out!  What you do is not in vain!”  He slowly closed his eyes, his voice fading, “One day, you and I will stand together again on the precipice of the universe and help bring all this to a finish.  Until that day…”  Shoogn released a long sigh and spoke no more.

With General Shoogn’s body wrapped in his royal tapestry, Son and Sodasonie silently led a procession of pallbearers through the camp toward their waiting ship.  A crowd of hundreds of mourners followed behind, weeping and crying out remorsefully.  Far into the night, this celebration into death continued, the ship not departing until just before dawning the following day.
Son did not practice to the full this celebration, but took counsel late into the night with Shoogn’s officers, outlining upcoming battle plans.  “The hour does not wait for us to honor our dead, as well we should.  Move quickly, we must, if the enemy we are to defeat to the full!”
The next day, Son’s entire army was on the move toward the east.  General Shoogn’s remaining five thousand fit and ready soldiers marched in league with allied confederates of freed Aosolagessa and Ohioan warriors.  Led by Son’s wife, Queen NashieNafushie, along with her son, MalakAbarDohn, and her women Bandorai cavalry, the combined forces were now known as the ‘Army of Susquehanna’, named after its guardian angel who rode beside them to war.  Pushing north and east, the army was attempting to join the advancing forces of Phoenicians and Norse who had been fighting their way west along the northern river systems that entered into the Atlantean Sea.

(Author’s note… All the allies from the east were called ‘Phoenicians’ and ‘Norse’ by Son and his people.)

Son moved his army across the Genesee, his river and lake fleet of war canoes and tall-masted ships catching the wind on the early morning breeze.  Beside him rode Sodasonie and Tuosolmerica, banners flying high, casting their gaze toward the east, the last fortified citadel of the enemy at Camorra Heights.  All knew this was to be the last battle, a fight to the death with no quarter or parley.
This was it…the ending of all things.  There were no reserves remaining, no new recruits.  Son’s army was scarred and tested, used up and wasted.  Hopefully, one more fight remained in it, but only one.  It was numb from all the slaughter and destruction.  Son believed it was time to move while the numbness of such loss remained, before the feeling of sorrow and sacrifice drained its energy completely.  “Better to die while not feeling the cost of sacrifice, else the heart and soul might wither away in the heat of coming battle.”

Far to the south, Guysong marched against King Aganthopen’s retreating army.  Beside him were Hyhoset and her mother, the Black Angel, along with her faithful army of Templar guards and a great host of clan warriors.  Also with them were Chief Hiishe and his thousands of Hia Hsia cavalry.  Having retraced his invasion route along the Aosolagessa, the king discovered he was trapped at its mouth by KontinKuken’s African navy, which had already brought ruin to his ships and harbor towns.
On the day of the winter solstice, these two armies gathered north of the lake that emptied into the Aosolagessa above its delta, well over half a million combatants facing each other, preparing for death’s final struggle.  It was at this time that news reached Noahashonie that the enemy had called for an emergency gathering of the Council of HETH to discuss possibilities of an end to hostilities.  Feeling this was a ruse to attempt the gaining of some upper hand, Noah still accepted the request under the stipulation that no military action was to be taken while the Council was in session, something that was heartily agreed to.
The following day found Noah, Hyhoset, Sodasonie, and Chasileah, among others of the Sky Children and Haudenosaunez seated in the depths of the southern mountains, arguing a possible end to the warfare.  Noah puzzled, not recognizing the signatures of any of the dark-robed people facing them.  Even the high lord over the Hormaxian House was not present.  Something was up and she could feel it.  At length, she stood, her unease gaining the best of her, as well as seeing that those across the table appeared to be only stalling for time.
She was surprised that her actions were anticipated.  Turning to face her opponents, Noah saw shadowy smiles on two faces.  In a rage, she screamed, “Ever will the whore master wonder your fate!”  Lifting her hands high, the woman became a blinding fire, directing her energy through the heavy, crystal partition, instantly turning everyone on the other side of the room to ash and dust.  Without saying a word, Noah rushed from the chambers, the others, shocked speechless by what they had witnessed, quickly following.

Returning as fast as may be, Noah discovered the enemy’s treachery.  As soon as Noah and the others were gathered for the council, the enemy had attacked the southern army with their sky ships, raining down fire, thunderous destruction and poisonous gases, decimating the army camps while sinking countless African ships.  Already, King Aganthopen’s soldiers were ravaging the dead.
Guysong and Chief Hiishe had retreated some miles north with what little remained of their army, the majority of those joined with them laying scattered about the field, dead.  When Noah saw the treachery of the enemy, she unleashed her wrath against the Hormaxian world of men.  Sodasonie reached out to stop Noah as she raised her arms to deliver her curse, but was so badly burned by the fiery fury the woman emitted, she fell back in agonizing pain.
As Noah stood there, hands high, a heated rumble was heard coming up from the ground that soon turned to a shaking that was so great, King Aganthopen’s soldiers fell to the ground, unable to stand.  Geysers of frothing steam erupted across the plain, the earth turning into a sea of boiling quick-mud that rapidly began consuming the living and the dead, beasts and trees, every living thing, until the land was swept clean.  Not one soul remained alive in King Aganthopen’s camp except for the king, himself, and a sky child lieutenant of Salak.
Noah finally approached the two men, her anger not diminished.  Grabbing first the sky child, Noah violently shook the man, his teeth rattling as she did.  She screamed, “Tell your whoremaster that if he does not remove his ships from this world, I shall enter the Heavens and do to him as I have done to this people.  I will not wait for his day of retribution, but deliver Hell upon him now!”  Flinging the man to the ground, she ordered him to get out.  He jumped up and fled in terror.
Taking King Aganthopen by the neck, Noah twisted the man about so that he faced toward the south.  “See what you have done to your own people!”  She lifted a hand, “A curse upon your kingdom to the ending days!  Desolate as a barren womb does it become!  With plague and famine, it will wither into nothingness, so that in future days, consumed by jungle and haunted by the wild jaguar will be its fate!  And people will whistle, wondering what became of this great kingdom and who these strange people really were.”  At that, she pressed the vision of its destruction into the man’s mind.
With a cry, King Aganthopen fell down, dead, his body slowly sinking into the ground, out of sight.
“What have you done?!”  Noah turned to see Sodasonie approaching, holding her blistered and burned hand close to her body, tears streaming down the her face.  “What have you done?!”
Seeing the despair in Sodasonie’s eyes and the pain on her face, Noah reached out, taking the woman’s burned hand in hers.  Before her eyes, Sodasonie watched in amazement as her injury healed as if never having been.  She stared, bewildered, into Noah’s face, asking, “What kind of a Cherub god are you, so that Heaven and Earth bow down to you and do your will?!”
Noah looked away toward the south and then back into Sodasonie’s eyes.  “It is done.  The war is finished here.  Return to the armies in the north, for heated contest rises upon Salem’s peaks.  You must hurry if you wish to be of service to Son and his people.”
Sodasonie was too shocked to make reply.  She turned, calling to her Sky Children companions to gather to the ship and be off.  In only hours, she was standing beside Son as they approached the watchtowers of the southern gates at Fortress Camorra.

*    *    *

Asotos went into a rage upon hearing Noahashonie’s venomous threats, screaming curses and denunciations against her and the ‘monkey children’ in the Realms Below.  Secretly, he was deeply troubled and concerned when report was made regarding the things she had done at the Council of HETH and to King Aganthopen and his army, also taking the lives of several of his kind who were embedded with the Earthly host.  Then to also learn that Gabrielle was unable to stop Noah, even being injured by the woman when attempting to intercede, troubled him even more.  Asotos had survived down through the Rebellion by not challenging the Fates, opposing an unknown entity.  To have Heaven and Earth obey a ‘female monkey child’ with apparent powers greater than even Gabrielle’s was truly an unknown entity.
So it was that the leader of the newly restructured League of Brothers ordered all his sky fleets in the Lower Realms to stand down immediately, and for his military to withdraw from combat operations and return to the Realms Above, abandoning the people of Earth to their own fate.  Besides, Asotos reasoned, his main objective of squashing a rebellion in his kingdom, preventing a civil war, had proved successful.  All the rebel insurgent leaders were gone and he, alone, reigned supreme.  Now was the time to sue for peace, something he believed would be gladly accepted by the war council of the Children’s Empire.  When things had settled down and he had regrouped his forces, the people of Earth could be dealt with accordingly.  Yes, solidify his empire today and worry about Earthly matters tomorrow.
In hours, the many hundreds of Asotos’ remaining First Realm military agents were quietly slipping away, leaving Earth for other realms.  This was not to be the lot for those of Asotos’ people attached to the army defending Fortress Camorra.  Recent military actions by several squadrons of fighters from the Children’s Empire had decimated their enemy’s sky wing over that region.  For the soldiers of the Realms Above, they would have to stand beside the men of Earth and the remaining Anoofimnihe in a coming battle to the death against the gathering, numberless enemy host of humans and gods.

*    *    *

The explosion pitched Chief Son off his feet, the man crashing to the ground, Sodasonie tumbling over him as she was thrown into the crimson snow.  Slowly coming to his senses, he struggled to his feet, reaching out to assist a stunned White Buffalo Woman.
“Are you alright?” he called out as if through a long tunnel, his eyes attempting to focus on Sodasonie.
White Buffalo Woman, her helmet torn away by the blast, her face cut and smeared with blood, dumbly nodded, trying to regain her senses as she stood on wobbly legs.  “I…I believe so.”
Looking back at the southern gate tower, Son watched helplessly as his army continued to ascend the siege ladders, the enemy fighting back madly to prevent a successful assault.  By the dozens, soldiers, torn and ruined, were falling from the ladders as the enemy fought with burning oil, fire-belching gunns, pike, sword, and spear to prevent a breach.  Yet for every one of Son’s warriors who fell, men and women by twos, seemingly gone mad, jumped up the rungs to take that person’s place.  The mayhem and murder was so intense, the destruction in lives so great, that those reaching the ladders were forced to climb over piles of fallen comrades.  Blood ran in tiny streams, flowing away from the tower through the trampled, fallen snow.
Son wanted to scream at the people to retreat, the dying too intense for his heart to take.  “Run away!  Run away!” he choked, crying.  Frantically, he stared into Sodasonie’s face.  “Make them go away!  Tell them to leave off the battle!” the man begged.
Sodasonie ignored his pleas.  She called to one of the nearby Sky Children, asking, “Where is my company of rifles?  We need them now!”
The person limped over to Sodasonie, also nursing a severe injury.  Shaking her head, she answered, “Dead…  Most are dead or wounded…”
“Get the rest of them up here on the double!”  Sodasonie shouted.  “I want that tower cleared, now!”
The Sky Child acknowledged the command and hobbled off to bring up her rifles.
A tumult suddenly rose above the commotion.  Son and Sodasonie turned to see dozens of black and red-robed cavalry charging toward the tower gate.  Behind them stormed six horses, pulling the last of the Chinese bombards, two dozen more robed and helmed riders following up close behind.  The crowd parted to make way for the riders.  As they tore by, Sodasonie recognized the person in the lead.  “Rachel!” she cried.
The rider paid her no heed, but charged on, calling for the others to follow.  Just out of bow shot, the riders stopped, jumping from their mounts, running forward with long fire sticks.  As they released their weapons, the Chinese artillery crew hurried to prepare the bombard.  When ready, they signaled the person Sodasonie had shouted to.  Waving her arm at them, the gunn crew pushed the heavy bombard through a hail of arrows right up to the heavily barred, tower gate.  As his comrades fell all around him, the head of the gunn crew charged his weapon, tumbling to the ground, dead, just after lighting the fuse.
A horrific explosion rent the air, the barrel of the bombard splitting from a double powder charge.  The wooden tower gate was ripped apart, catapulting broken beams and planks into the sky, falling indiscriminately upon friend and foe.  Before the roiling dust settled, Rachel shouted the charge and plunged through the broken gate with those remaining of her lead company.  Mounted soldiers waiting behind the gunn quickly followed her in.
Son dumbly stood, watching events unfold before his eyes, things happening so fast, he was finding it difficult to comprehend.  Sodasonie grabbed the man’s arm, urging him to follow up the attack.  Gathering his wits, Son ordered the horns to sound a charge, and then rushed toward the ruined gate, Sodasonie at his side.
What raged before Son’s eyes outside the tower gates paled compared to the insane melee unfolding behind its blistered walls.  Through blinding smoke, filled with bombs and fiery missiles, stormed a crushing throng of madmen, pouring through the ruptured gates, piling headlong into the boiling mass of defenders rushing forward to engage their attackers, determined to prevent a catastrophic breach.  Paying no heed, the opposing armies collided like two giant waves, clashing metal upon metal, screams of both victor and vanquished mixing with the deafening din of battle in a nightmarish crescendo of unchained madness.
Son watched in horror as people flung themselves from the high parapets, becoming human missiles of destruction raining down upon their enemies.  As the battle was pressed, there were others, on both sides, who climbed over the backs of their comrades and dove upon the spears of their opponents...no one issuing orders or following commands...only an unnumbered mob of crazed murderers hammering, stabbing, slashing, and smashing at their opponents.  Son could do little more than join the bedlam, in hopes of gaining victory.
Clawing his way through the ruination of broken and bleeding bodies, Son gradually worked his way to the front of his army, Sodasonie struggling to remain at his side.  As the fighting went forward, the army found itself taking the fight to several narrow streets that wound their way up through the fortress until they gathered again at the citadel’s spacious courtyard.  The blood of the dead and dying became flooding streams as it coursed down the narrow streets.
Surviving enemy defenders slowly retreated across the courtyard, until those who could made their way inside the citadel, bolting heavy, oaken gates behind them.  After a short-lived, abortive attack upon the citadel’s stone and wooden-planked walls, Son ordered his people back to wait for the catapults to be brought up.  By evening, as the early winter snow swirled about in the heavy breeze, half a dozen catapults stood in place just outside arrow shot, at the edge of the courtyard.  Darkness came and bombs filled with flaming oil were flung over the citadel’s walls until flames inside lit up the night in a macabre brilliance, relentless screams of those trapped inside echoing through the sky, far into the night.
By morning light, the battle for Camorra Heights was over.  The dead lay so thick upon the streets that a person could walk the entire length of the fortress city without ever placing a foot upon the bloody ground.  Sodasonie had slipped away in the early morning darkness and, as soon as dawn permitted, Son went in search of her.  It was in the late morning hours when he finally found the woman.
Son was standing near the shattered tower gate when, in the swirling snow, he caught sight of White Buffalo Woman stumbling through the blizzard, carrying someone.  Hurrying to help her, Son was soon at the woman’s side assisting her with the person she held in her arms.
Looking into the person’s bloodied face…a woman he was sure…her dark, matted hair and black robe leading him to believe she might be the same ‘Rachel’ Sodasonie had earlier called out to, Son asked, concerned, “Does she live at all?”
Tears streaming down her face, Sodasonie quietly answered, “Her heart still beats, but why I do not know!”   She cried, “Oh my darling little sister, Rachel, last flower of summer, what will I tell our mother should you die?!”
“Give me the child!” Son demanded.  “You have been hurt and I am still fit.  Do this one thing, and more quickly will we find the surgeon for her mending!”
Sodasonie did not argue.  Together, the two made their way down from the tower gate, past the wreckage and ruin to a small clearing beyond a grove of trees.  There they found the flying longhouses of the Sky Children, medical personnel already busy assisting countless wounded who had been delivered there.  Overwhelming was the number of those needing help, the longhouses filled to overflowing.  Large tents had been erected and were packed beyond capacity so that hundreds upon hundreds of people, both from the nations of men and the Sky Children, were forced to lie upon thin blankets in the falling snow.
Even with all her pleading, Sodasonie could get little more help for Rachel other than a quick examination from a harried surgeon who only shook her head and pointed toward a pile of hewn hemlock boughs.  “Place her there and we’ll do what we can.  Our priorities are currently focused on assisting those who might survive.  We’ll do what we can.”  She hurried away.
Son gently lay Rachel down on the bed of evergreen branches, Sodasonie quickly kneeling beside the woman, gripping tight a cold, bloody hand as she softly stroked her forehead and starting a sad, chanting song in a language unfamiliar to Son.  As she sat there, slowly rocking back and forth to her mournful melody, Son turned back toward the city.  “I must leave you for the moment.  My people need me at the gate.”
Sodasonie nodded while not breaking her musical rhythm, the witching woman soon becoming lost in conjuring up one of her most intense, hypnotic healing songs.

*   *   *

Three young men huddled around an evening campfire, quietly discussing their experiences during the recent battle, occasionally glancing up at the distant Camorra Heights now silhouetted against the night sky.  It had been over a year since their ship beached at the mouth of a south-flowing tidal river off an island in a great bay.  They had fought their way north until taking another river west, engaging in one battle after another until they stood below the walls of the tower gate at the city of Camorra.  Charging in behind black-robed witches, the men fought their way up through the streets, until the last of the enemy was surrounded and trapped within the citadel.
Of the three hundred who disembarked onto that distant beach so long ago, only forty stood below the tower gate on that recent day of battle.  Of those forty who charged the city walls, only these three able-bodied men remained to tell of the victory gained.  Now, after a year of death, slaughter, and carnage, there was no more warring to be had, the enemy gone and destroyed.  Their new found peace was nearly as troubling to these men’s soul as all the fighting had been.
Louis Wigeric looked into his cousin Gothelo of Lorraine’s face, occasionally glancing over at Chandler St. Clair as he spoke.  “I feared not my own death on this expedition, and did expect to lose some close companions.  But to witness such a totality of destruction and ruin?  My heart is not yet able to comprehend it!”  Gothelo silently nodded, the measure of loss beyond words.
Chandler, son of Rogenwald St. Clair, agreed.  “I wonder what benefit this has given the world of men, the land laid waste from beyond horizon to horizon, emptied of all its inhabitants.  What truly was this all about…a war of gods and men battling against gods and men?”
The three soon were absorbed in a quiet discussion, pondering what this war had really been about.  Louis repeated the tale of his vision, something the others never tired of hearing.  “I was told that the blood of future kings would be preserved by what was done here.  Then I was informed that a tapestry I was to weave so that good and evil should rule as one for a day.  I do wonder if that tapestry is yet to be woven in a future day, for I see no evil remaining here at this time.”
“What do you think it means now that the enemy has been vanquished from this world?” Chandler asked.  “Can an answer be found, seeing the wicked are now no more?”
Louis smiled, remembering, “We stood upon Salem’s mountain and watched the world’s ending in fire and rage!  Do you also recall that King Son Haudenosaunez and White Buffalo Woman were there beside us as the flames burned bright?  I well remember, and I recall something else spoken to me in my vision.  I was to seek out Queen Monacan when those two people stood upon the mountain, after the world’s ending.”
Gothelo nearly jumped up from the log he was sitting on, excitedly declaring, “Then it is Witch Queen Monacan that we must search out to have our future destiny revealed to us!”
“We shall also go searching for this Witch Queen Monacan with you,” a voice from the deepening shadows called out to the men at the campfire.
Two men stepped into the firelight, the nearest extending his hand, grinning.  “David Monteverdi, at your service.  And this fine, lordly man with me is Sebastian Bison.  Don’t let the fellow’s appearance fool you.  I assure you that he does clean up quite well…or at least as well as may be.” 
Chandler St. Clair slowly stood, taking David’s hand. “You…?”
David laughed, “Long has the Virgin Mother sent me dreams, telling me to search out this very witch queen when this war had ended.  Well, I had given up on thinking about it until this last eve when a voice in my sleep told me to search out three holy men who had stood upon Salem’s mountain.  I did not know the meaning of the words, but search for three holy men I did.  And when my companion and I strode through the evening darkness, my ears heard a man speak of standing upon those very heights.  I knew that, for a certainty, I had reached the end of my quest.”
Louis stood, taking David’s hand, asking, “It appears to me that your quest has only begun.  This Queen Monacan is a stranger to us.  Rumor speaks of her being a watcher over Eden, queen mother to the children of this world, and ancestress of King Haudenosaunez.”
David squeezed Louis’ hand.  “Then let us be off now to find King Haudenosaunez.  I do know where his tent is pitched.  It is not far, even in this darkness, and morning is too long away to wait for it to guide us.”
All agreed, the five men quickly disappearing into destiny’s darkness.

Making their way through eerily silent, darkened camps scattered across a torn and twisted wilderness of broken trees and other devastation, passing empty tents abandoned by brave warriors who would never make a returning to them, a lonely fire was occasionally seen that testified to a small remnant of survivors of this last great and terrible battle.  The five men eventually made their way the main encampment where it was told them they would find King Haudenosaunez.  As they neared a clearing, after walking through a charred grove of thorny trees, someone hailed them.  A woman’s voice quietly spoke as she approached, a hooded cloak hiding her face in deep shadow.  “My good gentlemen, I have been sent to hurry you on your way.  Quickly now, let us be going.”
Chandler looked into the shadows under the woman’s hood, sure at seeing her eyes aglow as if there was a light coming from them.  He stuttered, concerned, “Are you a witch of evil or good intent?” 
The woman quietly laughed, “Why Master St. Clair, does such a brave man fear a fairy sprite?  You shouldn’t.  Gone are the evil creatures for the moment.  Come with me, or go as you please.  But if Asgard is your journey’s end, then I suggest you follow along.”
David slapped Louis on the back.  “Come on, good fellow!  Escaped death too many times, we have already.  Even a fairy witch can kill only the flesh.  Oh, but to witness the secrets of Asgard!  It is well worth the risk, I say.”
Before he could reply, Louis Wigeric answered the woman.  “My Lady, I perceive you to be a Child of the Horn, both of spirit and flesh, summoned here to deliver us to Queen Monacan.”
Her eyes glowing brightly, the woman nodded.  “Master Louis, your guess is nearly correct.  Has your father been in communication with you?  He awaits us now aboard his submarine boat, Marlboro.  Let us not keep him waiting.”
The other men stared at Louis, wondering what the woman’s words meant, seeing Louis had kept the communication device secret from his companions.
“Another time…  Another time…”  Louis grinned, “Let’s be off to see my father.”
After walking through the darkness for about two miles, the witch sprite leading the way, the company arrived at a giant long house, all but its shape hidden in the darkness.  A light shone from an opening near one end of the building, a long ramp descending to the ground.  Encouraging the others up the ramp and into the building, soon everyone was inside, standing in the most mystifying of places the likes of which none had ever seen.  Before anyone could ask what this was all about, a strangely dressed soldier stepped into the room, walking over and closing the door.  This was suddenly followed by a whirring noise and a shudder.
As frightened expressions grew on the men’s faces, the woman pulled her hood back, her beauteous appearance and dazzling green eyes filled with mischief.  “Welcome aboard Marlboro.  Last of the company you are and time is wasting.  So as soon as you arrived...well, we are off to Asgard, or at least what your ancestor, Graugnaugh, believed to be ‘Asgard’…a little ruse we had to pull on him.”
“You say we,” Gothelo declared, “yet I know that the legends of Graugnaugh are several hundred years old…stories of his magic ships and swords, tales told to the children on sleepless nights.  Who really are you?”
The woman tipped her head.  “Master Gothelo, well you do know the history of your people.  I do tell you that many of those child’s tales contain more truth then you might believe.  Yes, I did know Graugnaugh.  A fine fellow he was, too, his romance sweet and expressions of endearment music upon my ears.”  The woman turned away, carelessly casting her cloak aside, revealing her flawless, naked beauty.  “Come with me if you wish to have an audience with Queen Monacan.  She is not always a patient person and does not like to be kept waiting.”
As the party walked along through chambers and rooms filled with strangely dressed people busy working wheels and dials, or hurrying here and there, the men were so amazed at these sights that the woman had to continually remind them to keep up with her.  At length, they came to a large room that contained only a long table and many chairs in which several people were already seated.  At the far end of the table, a man stood, calling out.  “Ah, our Queen Monacan has finally arrived with her guests.”
The five men stopped, staring in disbelief.
“Yes!”  Hyhoset laughed mischievously as she bowed so politely, “Queen Monacan at your service, my good fellows.”
Shocked speechless, the five men stared at this woman that most had been dreamily envisioning having a far more prurient encounter with.  Fear grew on their faces as tales told them by Louis swept into their minds. “Hyhoset, Slayer of Demons, queen over the jackal’s lair… ‘Hell, itself’ is what she has been called, her eyes freezing the blood while turning the flesh to stone!  The gods and angels bend their knees to her for fear of her wrath, for no living thing does she fear.  Even the Great God remains silent when she speaks.  Armies melt, islands sink beneath the seas, the sun and moon obey her voice, fleeing from before her face, and…and the very beasts of the field obey her every command.”
Seeing the men were dumbfounded, fear filling their faces, Queen Monacan stood upright, motioning the men forward.  “I see tales of me have preceded our meeting.  Trust me when I say that so exaggerated they are.  I do not seduce my victims into my web… don’t need to.”  She winked, “Dead men you all would have been had I chosen that to be your fate.  But oh, such brave, handsome fellows I could not harm, lest they became too filled with a lusting for my affection!  You fine fellows have not been harboring such lascivious thoughts concerning me, have you?!”
As though with one voice, all the men began a stuttering and fumbling for words, professing only the purest of thoughts even to the point of declaring they had not noticed her appearance whatsoever.
Finally the man standing at the end of the table spoke up.  “Gentlemen…Lady Monacan, seeing that introductions are proper recourse at this time, please be seated so that everyone here might become acquainted.”
The five men silently followed Hyhoset, sheepishly shuffling behind her, attending midshipmen ushering each person to his assigned place.  The man at the head of the table waited for the others to be seated, and then he did the same, introducing himself and the others there.  “I am First Officer Eric Hailsalie of this submarine boat, the dreadnaught Marlboro.”  He looked over at Louis.  “Your father, Captain Richard Wigeric, is busy seeing to bringing us back on line, Marlboro having received extensive battle damage in the recent engagement.  Worry not, structurally the boat’s fine, but she’s taken some hard hits, knocking out several of our weapons systems.  Actually, our damage has given rise to this current assignment.  Our dear captain intends to join us here in a little while.”
First Officer Hailsalie pointed toward the person seated next to him, saying who the individual was, and then on to the next, and the next.  Besides the five men who accompanied Hyhoset there were two of Son Haudenosaunez’ sons, DerikWanataun and MalakAbarDohn, and two daughters, NidaNafushie and Sophie Tangle… both tested warriors educated at the feet of the Haudenosaunez witches.  There was also Queen Tucson Merica (Tuosolmerica), Lady Juliet Tobanahazz, Lord Beaufort (Baalath), and Lord Bruxelles (BondaBoor), as well as two Sky Children, Queen Susquehanna and Lady Tizrela.
“Now to the point of your visit here,” First Officer Hailsalie began, glancing down at some hastily scribbled notes on the table.  “It is to educate those uninitiated among us concerning what was, what is, and what must become of the world of men, why it is to be accomplished in such a manner, and what role each is expected to play in it.
“My fellow conspirators… for conspiracy over these many ages has been the reason for our success to this point… we are embarking upon a mission that will eventually turn the world of men upside down in thinking and belief!  As it was stated long ago, ‘the power of the Heavens will be shaken’.  Well, I tell you now that what we propose to do will not only shake the Heavens, but bring kingdoms and nations a tumbling down to ruin!  Atlantis must rise again in the final hour, and you have been destined to lay its foundations!”
Lifting a hand to silence the excited murmuring, Hailsalie continued.  “All your questions will eventually be answered, the reason for our distinguished guests accompanying us.  While we have been here, becoming acquainted, Marlboro is already departed for the city your Norse forebears called ‘Asgard’.  ‘TussionBar’ is the name of that city, it existing in distant oceans that only a vessel such as this can reach.  Once there, your instruction will begin in earnest, yet your time aboard Marlboro is not to be wasted.”  At that, First Officer Hailsalie requested that Lady Tizrela speak.  “This woman, along with her companion officer, Susquehanna, will help you gain an understanding into the world of men as it was before the days of the Great Flooding and into the times of Hormaxian revolt.”
Tizrela slowly stood, resting a hand on the table as she did.
Gothelo was overawed at the revelation that this woman was a Sky Child, recalling seeing her earlier in front of the tower gate during the heat of the battle when she was thrown from her horse, being struck by a missile pitched from the upper wall.  Staggering to her feet, Tizrela managed to remount in time to charge the gate after its destruction, carrying a stitched up, jagged wound that ran from cheek to lower jaw for her efforts.  Until this meeting, he had supposed the woman to be one of the mystical Bandorai.  But to be a high lord among the Sky Children was almost beyond his comprehension.  What he did not yet realize was the intimate relationship that he and his companions would attain to with these two sky women by the time their education was complete.
After the Sky Children were finished speaking, Susquehanna having taken part with her sister in the discussion, a light dinner was served.  Captain Richard Wigeric joined the gathering at that time.  It had been over three years since Louis and his father had been together in person, so this meeting was emotional for both of them.  When the meal was finished, Captain Wigeric invited everyone to the officers’ lounge for some casual socializing, relaxation, and a little shipboard entertainment.  “There will be plenty of time to continue your conversations here tomorrow, seeing it will be a few days before we reach our destination.”  He apologized, “Our energy systems took quite a hit during our last engagement, forcing us to cruise at reduced speed, thus delaying our arrival at TussionBar.  I assure you the delay will only assist you all in becoming better acquainted.  This room, here, will remain available for your needs for the length of your journey with us.”
What the captain did not tell his visitors was how extensive the battle damage was, or the loss of life to seven of the crew and the injuring of twenty others.  Warring against the enemy Hormaxian battle fleets was deadly.  But unlike the wars fought in the Atlantean waters a thousand years before, battle engagements now were often inter-dimensional, as were the wars in the Realms Above.  As with deep, undersea and interplanetary warfare, all that protected them from a sudden death was the physical integrity of the boat, a hull breach at times being fatal to the crew.  Marlboro had suffered a breach in its starboard torpedo room, killing its entire complement.  The captain had been busy this evening with their retrieval from the wreckage and attending a short memorial service…the reason for his late arrival.  Although hostilities were ended in the land of Meric, an armistice was not yet called in the Realms Above, necessitating a continuing of hostilities for the time being.  With Marlboro so heavily damaged, admiral of the fleet, Rae Tomassie, assigned the submarine boat to non-combative duties of delivering these nine children of the Elkhorn to TussionBar.

In a few short hours, the company was bunked down in the midshipmen’s quarters.  Few slept much that night, the world they had been recently introduced to so profound that it kept their minds in a twirl throughout the night, Queen Monacan’s words only exciting them all the more.  ‘The world of the gods is our destination.  The eyes of men have not seen nor their ears heard all that will be revealed to you!  It will take your kind a thousand years to even reach the heights where they can see what you are about to witness.  Learn it well and embrace it, for that world has become your world now.’

*    *    *

After the official cessation of hostilities was concluded in the Upper Realms, another meeting of HETH was arranged to negotiate terms and conditions concerning future policies regarding the Lower Realms.  Legion refused to attend, instead sending his two leading officers, Godenn and Salak, but only on the condition that the Black Angel and her daughter be put under oath, along with Lowenah’s personal promise, to cause no harm to any and all of the attendees from the League of Brothers.  This Noah and Hyhoset did with the stipulation that their restraint would remain only as long as all in their party were kept safe from any traitorous or criminal act being perpetrated against them, something Lowenah readily agreed with.  Asotos grudgingly accepted these stipulations, wanting to conclude all hostilities as quickly as possible, to serve his own interests.
Seeing that his plans for a one world order now lay ruined and in shambles, knowing it would be many centuries before the powers of the Hormaxian league could rebuild their clandestine institutions to again attempt to wrest world control from the kingdoms of men, Asotos capitulated to the demands of the Haudenosaunez.  He agreed to abandon any direct attempt to control the world of men, such as what Salak and others had done in the Southlands of the west over the ages.  In fact, he gave orders to Godenn to accept whatever the other side presented, if it would obtain their promise to leave off any interference with the Realms Above, and if they, too, would desist from all direct involvement in the politics of Earthly men.
 After no small debate, it was agreed on by the Haudenosaunez to depart from the public affairs of men, such as had been practiced in the lands of Meric over the years, Chieftain Son Haudenosaunez being the last of their co-rulers.  The high councils, trade guilds, world and maritime courts, and other legal agencies would remain intact but hidden behind the scenes, permitting the worlds of men greater latitude in decision making.  The hidden cities and regencies operating and controlled by either side were saved harmless by this cessation agreement, even permitted to maintain a military presence throughout the Lower Realms.  But no longer were they supposed to engage in hostilities against the men and kingdoms of Earth.
As collective bodies, neither the Hormaxian nor Haudenosaunez leagues were to become officially involved in world affairs.  These regulations were not imposed upon individuals of either party, it being nearly an impossible task to enforce such a policy anyway.  This exclusion also implied that the protections contained within the agreement did not apply to the individuals of either order.  Should the sword fall upon the neck of a person engaged in clandestine activities, there would be no court of justice to hear the case for good or ill.  On the other hand, personal retribution for evil acts committed…real or imagined…had also not been taken off the table.  ‘Let their blood be upon their own heads’ became the motto of many in later secret orders.
The age of the Haudenosaunez’ reign came to a close, beginning when Meric and Hyhoset returned to the land of Noahashonie’s birth.  Other than for their clandestine intrigues carried out through their many secret societies that sprang to life across the planet, and for the occasional foray into the world of men, these people slipped away to their hidden worlds, or deep into the heart of Eden, their influence over men carried on through dreamy whispers in quiet bedchambers or behind bolted doors where hushed voices contemplated the fates of kingdoms and peoples.
The ending of that age did little for the Hormaxian Order.  Asotos cared naught for humans, referring to them as ‘those disgusting creatures made in God’s image’, had little respect for them, and trusted them even less.  Unlike Lowenah, who made her Haudenosaunez into ‘angels in the flesh’, giving to them many of the secrets of Eden, Asotos provided only ‘trinkets and baubles’, sharing scant insight and knowledge with his faithful Hormaxian followers.  Through the eyes of mortal men, his people had to view matters, seeing only a lifetime forward, while planning for events centuries beyond.   When one lives but seventy or eighty years, how can true understanding be gained by merely reading about worlds past?  And how can one see future visions clearly when searching for wisdom through tinted glass at twilight’s hour?
With Legion and his henchmen having backed away from directing the men of Earth…some having said that he had lost interest in them, caring not for their fate…the glory of the Hormaxians waned and fractured, leading to power struggles within their ranks.  The influence of Rome was diminished to being vanquished into forgetfulness by Europe.  What little remained of it was only to be found in the Church, which was now under full assault from the eastern religious kingdoms, while the remainder of the old empire splintered into countless little fiefdoms.  To prevent the total collapse of their order, the Hormaxians were forced to abandon any of their direct influence over western lands, instead erasing those lands from the minds of peoples and powers in the European world.
It was under these conditions that the formerly allied leaders of the western war congregated at Venice to hold a council concerning the future fates of the western territories.  Notable among those assembled, representing the Central and Eastern Trading Alliance, were Admiral RaeTomassie, Lady Heidi Tomassie, Queen Monacan, Lord Beaufort, Lady Tobanahazz, Lord Bruxelles, General Tange Chee (an envoy of the Chinese emperor), Chief Hiishe of the Hia Hsia, Son Haudenosaunez and his Bandorai wife NashieNafushie.  Representing the Southern Trading Alliance were Geric Fontanarossa, Santor Berardi, Francisco de Santangel, Gilsovo Moniz, Sorgey Jermanis Sivenstine, Captains Jesus Vecano and Frederic Malocelo. Representing the Northern Trading Alliance were Countess Ester Saints of Frankfurt, Ronald Drummond, John St. deOrleans, James Gondamer, Walter Wigeric (first cousin to Richard Westfar Wigeric), Nathanial Lorraine (father of Gothelo Lorraine), Rogenwald St. Clair, Athelstan the Younger, Henry De Brus and Nicola Rose Carrier (Tosombabanna).
Rae chaired the conference, his mother Heidi standing in as his second, her reputation for being a direct descendant, as most believed, of Queen Goddess Andred, adding to her prestige among the northern trading members.  Including the others previously mentioned, there were over one hundred attendees from lesser families and clans in the maritime trading guilds and world courts.  Rae accepted the need to allow rascals, scoundrels, scallywags, and even Hormaxian spies to be scattered throughout the crowd in order to accomplish this undertaking.   But, most troubling to him was the inclusion of the World Court.  What else was there for it, considering that any decisions made regarding kingdoms and territories needed to be recognized by the World Court to be accepted as legitimate?  The reason for Rae’s consternation was that it offered an open invitation to the Hormaxians, the defeated enemy from the recent western war, to be present and involved in official decision-making.
After eight days of what were, at times, heated deliberations, the council reached a fundamental consensus regarding the dividing up of the western territories and the reestablishment of European kingdom boundaries.  Negotiations would continue for another six months before all the details were worked out to the satisfaction of the many houses, guilds, and courts.  Although flexible regarding most recommendations made, Rae and his western contingent were unmovable concerning two important issues: the boundaries for the land of Meric and the omission of the English in receiving any share in western trade or territories.

 (Author’s note… The boundaries for the land of Meric were later moved further north, along the southern shores of Lake Tecatucutan, opening the door for Spain to cleanse the region of entrenched Hormaxian religion based on human sacrifice.)

The boundaries established for the western lands at this council laid the foundation for future councils where the World Court would lay out national boundaries across the globe.  Motive for the Hormaxian League was the setting up of future houses…estates ruled over by kings, lords, and emperors, all serving under one supreme world council.  The Venetian Trade Guild and Maritime Court supported the arrangement in hopes of gaining new trading partners as European demand for exotic, Oriental goods continued to grow.  Gold from western shores could purchase the many treasures found in the Far East, making the shareholders in the Guild very wealthy.  The Haudenosaunez accepted the decisions of the Court in hopes of protecting the land of Meric until the rise of New Atlantis…a secret they kept to themselves.

The outcome of this gathering, which came to be known only as the Council of Phimoo (lit. ‘Hold thy peace’) became as profound a turning of the hourglass for the upcoming millennia as the Hebrew carpenter’s son did for the preceding age.  Forces beyond all mortal creation conspired to write the history of men and angels as it pleased, changing what should have been to what might have been to what was going to be.  Both the Haudenosaunez and Hormaxians became little more than spectators, pulling hard upon the tiller as the world spun crazily out of control, using whatever little magic they possessed to preserve vestiges that remained of their future visions.
For the powers in southern Europe, the wealth of the western Southlands would languish in pagan temples for another five hundred years, their world instead to be consumed by plague, famine, invasion, and internal struggle that would bring them to the brink of extinction.  Before it all ended, the Venetian Trade Guild would have faded into unimportance, bringing an end to the Phoenician shipping monopoly.  Eastern Christian Orthodoxy would be crushed by invaders carrying the banner of another religion, those same people threatening to consume the entire European continent.  In the end, two dominant naval powers would rise from the ruins…Portugal and Spain.
In the north, a harsh hand would fall on England, the children of the Norse consuming the island with their might, leading to English kings of Norsemen descent believing they had been cheated out of their fair share of western wealth.  This disillusionment would consume the northern world of Europe in countless little sanguinary wars for dominance and glory.  What remained of the great Roman Empire would be trampled during these contests until forgotten it would become, being something for troubadours and poets to speak about, tales filled with myth and allegory.
The Roman Catholic Church would rise to its pinnacle of majesty, mustering its armies to march thousands of miles in holy crusades to ‘free’ the holy lands for Israel.  To be a Christian meant to be a devoted Catholic, for no other form of Christianity outside of papal dictum was permitted throughout the Church’s world.   Kings would grovel before its priests, seeking blessings and absolutions.  Countless thousands of innocent people would suffer the Church’s inquisitions, enduring indescribable torments before being executed in the name of Christ.
The western Southlands suffered greatly after King Aganthopen’s annihilating defeat near the shores of Lake Tecatucutan and the destruction of any remaining armies in the land of Meric.  Without the huge labor force needed to maintain the region’s agriculture, and the loss of grain goods arriving from the Northlands, famine swept the allied kingdoms of Aganthopen.  An eventual climate change bringing much drier conditions and a devastating plague…some believing it was released from the Hormaxian temples before their abandoning the Southlands for the east…decimated the population far into the southern regions of those isles.  Entire city-states dissolved back into the jungle wilderness to remain secreted from the eyes of men, becoming only myth and legend for future explorers from the east.
Cut off from commerce with the eastern trade guilds and blocked from the sea in the west by the Chinese who now laid claim to all the western shore-lands from the ice in the south to the ice in the north, and with a hostile people still vowing revenge to the north, the isolated nations of the Southlands established a culture uniquely their own, developing it over the next five hundred years.   Although the priests of Horus and their Heavenly gods had fled the people, the remaining population continued their sacred rites of human sacrifice in hopes of appeasing the very gods who abandoned them.

Territories north of the boundaries of Meric remained sparsely populated until the New Age of European discovery swept Europe half a millennium later.  Chief Hiishe and his people gradually returned to the cold, northern lands to hunt the blowing fish and winter seals, their descendants eventually forgetting their allied friends who lived in warmer lands far away.  For the most part, those survivors of General Shoogn’s army did not return to California Island, but settled down and married local tribeswomen, their blood becoming strong within those people.
Over time, the hunters and adventurers, along with their families, crossed north beyond the freshwater seas.  They conquered the northern wilderness, warring with spear and arrow against the moose and giant white bears in the ever-frozen ice worlds, while others settled down upon the distant shores of those same freshwater seas, carving out new homes in the endless tracts of haunted forest.  Other than for the brave hunters, trappers, and explorers, few Europeans ventured into the western lands.  Several summer villages sprang up along the coast where those hardy souls fishing the Grand Banks for herring and shad prepared their catch for shipping back to Europe.  It was also there that the occasional expedition from the Norse, Scot, Irish, French, and Welsh clans journeyed beyond the rugged ocean shores, attempting to establish colonies, survivors of such expeditions often marrying into the tribes of the local inhabitants.

Ravages of war had cut a swath of unimagined destruction across the territories ruled over by King Son Haudenosaunez.  The desolation of those peoples was made nearly complete in later years when plague from across the Eastern Sea consumed that world.  Out of that ruination would rise the nations who came to be called the ‘American aborigines’.  That desolation, though, was yet future, but it played such an important part in western history that the age between the Haudenosaunez Wars and the Great Dying paled into forgetfulness, a history that should not have been forgotten, but was hidden away by certain men who wished to keep it secret.

“Trust to the gods who will again breathe life into Atlantis and give glory to your sons and daughters to time indefinite, an inheritance in this land even forever.   It will come just as it has been promised.  As we live, it will be done for you.”  Sodasonie rested a hand on Son’s shoulder, tears streaming down her face in sad prescience, as she made that promise.  The Fates had revealed a coming age of violence and tribulation that would threaten the very existence of these people before her promises would see fulfillment, but Son needn’t be told that at this moment.  Better for another time...
Son reached out and squeezed Sodasonie’s arm, slowly nodding.  “I know that day to be very far beyond my sight, and yet peace still does not find us at this hour.  To the west, beyond the river, war still looms.  My people will never be free of danger as long as the former servants of King Aganthopen, Chief Zezssa and his rebel people dwell in the land.”
Sodasonie grasped Son’s arm, smiling reassuringly.  “Don’t fear the chaff that blows dark upon the wind!  It will not be by your hand that this evil dread will be cleansed from this land. Well does your enemy remember the pronouncement uttered against them by the witches over Heaven, men and Hell.  ‘When this storm has come to its finish, we will return and remove you from this place!’  Your foremother will war against your enemy in the west so that not a soul of yours will come to their end at this time.
“As for you…” White Buffalo Woman smiled compassionately as she pointed toward a distant wood, “You are to come with me so that long-forgotten secrets may be revealed to you.”  Then grinning with a wink, she added, “And my lips you may taste one more time before we shall again meet beyond the river.”
Together, Sodasonie and Son sauntered off into the distant woodland.  In a short while, a flaming, silver disk was streaking low above the forest, destined for Eden.

For three days, Sodasonie and Son lingered in the depths of Eden, sharing in delights this world beyond worlds had to offer.  As with all sweet interludes during that dark age, too quickly the time passed for pleasant visions in this fantasy world, and the cold necessity of the moment returned.  Taken to the eastern door of Eden that looked out upon the world of the Genesee, Son was shown all the treasures collected over the ages by men from the time Dancing Stones and her husband, Dodanim, delivered here the first of the relics from their days down to his own time.
Sweeping her arm wide, motioning down the long corridor littered with scrolls, books, machines, boxes, tools, weapons, and every other sort of thing, Sodasonie explained, “To the king, a son of the Elkhorn and the Mountain Bear…your son in distant times who some have called ‘Shiloh’ and others will call ‘Avaddohn’…all this is to be given as a sign that he has become ruler over Heaven, men, and Hell.  For a healing of those very worlds shall all this be given him…for a healing of your world.”
Taking Son’s hand, Sodasonie peered into his eyes, her countenance grave and filled with sadness.  “Days are coming, after you have gone to your rest, that men from your very seed will rise up and war against the children of the warriors from the eastern world that came to your aid in this last hour of great need.  Those peoples they will slaughter and enslave, taking the women for themselves to raise up children, forgetting their fathers.  This sin the children in the Worlds Above cannot overlook, for a covenant between your people and mine has long been made, one with a promise and a curse.
“With a man I loved as I have loved you, it was made.  With Joshawnataun was this covenant made, and with the blood of my people down to this last hour have we fulfilled our part of it.  Yet I see a coming hour when the seed that is yet to come out from your upper thigh will rise up and violate with raping, murder, and plunder all the children from the east residing among them.  Then with fire, plague, and war will your world be swept clean until only scattered tribes shall remain over, they ever desirous of the murdering of the other.”
Son was heart-stricken, begging, “Oh Mother Goddess, is there nothing that can be done so that all my work, and those of my ancestors come not to nothing?  Tell me, please!  Is there any hope remaining of the promises made to my people so long ago?  Has this recent, bloody war only been for naught, with no hope remaining?  If our love has meant anything more than this, can you not do something to save my children?!”
Sodasonie squeezed Son’s hand, smiling through tear-filled eyes.  “It is for the promise made so long ago to your forefathers Meric and Joshawnataun that I have delivered you here to Eden.  Through you shall a child rise, in future ages when Atlantis has been born anew and Shiloh sits its throne, ‘Quansehonie’ being his name… meaning ‘all promises shall be kept’.  He shall deliver to his brother, Shiloh, tablets of gold and copper, proving true all our promises made by us to your kind.”
She pointed off into a corner of the room they stood in.  “Those tablets written upon front and back by the hand of your ancestress mother, Dorcineainah, and her daughters, Juelsolinniah, Tusconcosbii, and their daughters after them, are the tablets of testimony proving our words true.  Shiloh will listen and believe, and he will restore to you and your kind an everlasting inheritance in this land, for as long as the sun does set and the sun does rise over this world.”
Lifting a hand and shaking a finger, White Buffalo Woman declared, “Still I fear this, because the Whispering Spirits have spoken it to me.  Because your kind will not respect the treaties you made in blood with your eastern brothers…that they, too, are to have an everlasting inheritance in the land of Meric…the years of freedom from care will be followed by an age of tribulation.  This I do believe, because too much blood of the Danites does your people have…an obstinate lot from the day of their birthing, to be sure!  They will not listen when your wise sages cry for peace in your council houses.”
Son moaned, forlorn, “So there is no hope at all for my people?!”
Sodasonie’s eyes sparkled when she answered.  “No, that is not the case at all, or I should not have delivered you here to this place!  A promise is a promise and, as my people live, shall all our promises remain true.”  Her face took on a somber appearance.  “Yet through fire and ice, through tribulation and despair, shall all our promises have to pass before your people the ever-inheritance possess.  The homes of your children, their lands, forests, lakes and rivers, will be stolen from them until a dispossessed people they will become, being driven into wild and desolate places!  Their men, old and young, will be slaughtered in the fields and in their dwellings.  Their womenfolk and children will be enslaved and given to the Cushite slave as wives.  Their rape and desolation will be made complete until your children forget all the good things done for them in past ages and they believe no hope remains for them.”
She then offered with a reassuring voice, “But I will not forget them completely.  Prophets and sages I will send to them from time to time, to unite their spirit to mine, so that in song and dance, the old ways will be remembered until the day Shiloh will deliver all those living at that time back to the land of their promised inheritance.  For as long as the children of the Elkhorn remember the Great Spirit and put no other god above him, I, for my part, will remember them.
“Now come with me,” Sodasonie took Son by the hand and led him over to the stack of gold and copper scrolls.  “These you are to take, hiding them in the very caves that sheltered the children of Javan the Elder when Atlantis sank forever beneath the seas.  To those scattered caves, you will secretly bring wise medicine men and women to learn the history of your people so that never will that history be forgotten.  Sacred they are to keep those scrolls, and hidden, until the ‘man who fulfills all promises’ delivers them up to Shiloh.”
Bending low on a knee, Son kissed Sodasonie’s hand, offering her a blessing.  “May the Lady ever live in the glory of heavenly light.  One day, if the Great Spirit is willing, this man will stand beside you as we face the evil Serpent together.  Shall I ever be permitted to cross the river into your world, my heart will search out the person he loves and never leave her side.”
Sodasonie lifted Son up, staring deeply into his eyes, her desire to receive his love dancing in hers.  “There is an hour before I must depart this world, and you are to return to yours…an hour on this side of the river to dream of future times…times that neither you nor I can fully understand.  Come with me, please, so we can dream of that time together.”
The two silently kissed and, taking each other by the arm, slowly made their way back to the magic room that returned them to Eden.

*    *    *

When news reached Chief Zezssa that King Aganthopen was dead, his army exterminated, and Queen Monacan was preparing an army of witches and demon chasers to march on his kingdom, the man fell into a panic, gathering up his family and taking his army south, along with a large number of the populace, fleeing across the desert into lands far away.  Eventually, he and his people came to a great, freshwater lake with an island in its center.  There, on the island, were the ruins of a city, capital of a long-forgotten empire.  Chief Zezssa and his people took up residence on the island, building strong, defensive works to fend off any attacks Queen Monacan might make.
Queen Monacan did not attempt any invasion south beyond the desert, permitting any of Chief Zezssa’s subjects who wished to escape south to do so, maintaining a threatening presence in the north.  Still, her mother’s curse against those people would not be forgotten.  Over time, the island city was rebuilt and the surrounding population subjugated under its bloodthirsty rulers.  As its population grew in number and reputation for abject cruelty for any resisting it, the kingdom spread its web over a vast territory, it eventually became known as the ‘Aztec Empire’.  In the straits of time, invaders carrying high their own blood-soaked crosses marched upon the island kingdom, bringing it to ruin.

*    *    *

Marlboro slowly surfaced as it silently slipped through the blackness of the chill, late night fog, blazing lights from the watchtowers overlooking the harbor at La Rochelle little more than a dim glow on the eastern horizon.  In the wardroom below decks, Rae Tomassie, his mother Heidi, Lords Beaufort and Bruxelles, and Captain Wigeric were in conference with eight nervous adventurers: Louis Wigeric, Gothelo of Lorraine, Chandler St. Clair, David Monteverdi, Sebastian Bison, MalakAbarDohn, NidaNafushie, and Sophie Tangle.
Rae leaned back in a chair, fingers playing against fingers as he held his hands up in front of his face.  “We have finally come to the hour that you have spent so many months in training for.  Lord Langlin and Lady Tobanahazz, under other aliases, arrived earlier in La Rochelle to make contact with our agents in the city and prepare a place for you. They will search you out when the hour is right.  In the meantime, you are to act as any other adventurers after long sojourns.  Keep in mind that you are only to lay the foundations for future intrigues by blending back in to the current order and establishing yourselves as supportive and trusted members of the community.  Serve the Church and serve the king as needs be so that the Order will continue to thrive.”
Nodding for his mother to speak, Heidi stood.  “My children, the war we wage…will wage is against demons, sorcerers, the priests of Hormax, and their rulers in high places.  Yet it is not a war that you will fight with sword or pike but by quill, cunning, persuasion, and…” she smiled wickedly “and seduction.  Yes, seduction, but not only through flirting prose and haunting charms, no, but also by whispers for wealth, power, and, glory.  Yet as you already know, your parts to play in this are to establish the basis from which others in the future may infiltrate these worlds of the enemy’s secret societies and orders.  Come to know your enemy well, his ways, desires, how he thinks, acts, walks…smells.”
Many chuckled when Heidi added ‘smells’.  She politely admonished them, “Do be careful, for very dangerous are the weapons wielded by your enemy, and smell…gut feelings… may be all that will save you from being ensnared in their traps!  There are two creatures you must be wary of…one is the seductress Zaelock and the other the heartless Liege.  Either, through smooth, cunning speech, alluring lips and sensual touches, or hypnotic gaze, can capture the heart and enslave the soul.  Remember well my account regarding the last king of Atlantis!  To the murdering of his own father, he was driven, all for the want of the flesh of a beautiful Zaelock!
“Forewarned is forearmed.  I tell you, as I have already taught you, to smell with your mind for the putrid creatures of demonic invention!  The heart the Zaelock will attempt to deceive with the fog of her charms and hypnotic speech.  The Liege will play upon your wanton desires, be it for power, wealth, glory, fear, even love, health, companionship or needs.  Most tricksy he is, a demon in human form with the mind of a man and the heartlessness of a beast.  The very inventions of the Devil’s spirit hordes, and built in the secret chambers of the Hormaxian overlords, these abominations of ruined flesh slither into the world of men to do their masters’ bidding.  They are the true incubus and succubus, despoiling the souls and corrupting the hearts of honest men and women!  Your hearts, too, they will devour, unless you learn to smell their rottenness!”
Someone asked, concerned, “True, you have told us these things before, but I fear that our youth and inexperience will betray us to these demons!  Is prayer the only other answer to our salvation?”
Heidi pondered a moment in thought.  “Prayer is always a good thing.  But, no, it is not prayer that will be the weapon wielded that saves you from these beasts.  My friend, all of you, it is what a wise man long ago called the spirit’s fruitage…kindness, graciousness, peace, self-control, but most importantly love…the looking after orphans and widows sort of love, a compassionate sort of love.  Fruit does not grow of itself, but is a product of a tree or vine.  Your heart is a tree, nurtured by spirit that produces those fruits.  We have examined your hearts and believe that such spirit nurtures them all, at least at this time.
“The Liege has no heart, never had one, so has no place for the spirit.  The Zaelock’s heart has been crushed and broken so that, in this life, the spirit can find no resting place within it.  In either case, the results are the same.  No spiritual fruitage can be produced by either the Liege or Zaelock.  True, they may act compassionately or lovingly, but the sweet aroma of spirit they do not produce, only the stench of demon filth!  Oh yes, they may well appear fair, with smiling lips, gracious voices, and generous purses, but they will feel foul, as if they are rotting away on the inside!”
Other questions of concern were asked, and fears swaged by the answers given.  Lord Beaufort finally spoke up.  “Alone you are not to be on this adventure.  The three of us, Lady Tomassie, Lord Bruxelles, and I will be going along.  I, like you, have friends and family to whom I need to become reacquainted with.  Long will it be before any clandestine activities will come your way, and then it will only be in preparing the road for future travelers.  In the meantime, enjoy your lives, get married, have children, grow old, fat, and happy.”
Rae spoke up.  “Remember our true purpose.  It is not to change kings and seasons, but to prepare the east for the role it is to one day play in the west.  It will be by the hand of eastern powers, directed and controlled by the Hormaxians who believe they are doing Lucifer’s will, that the glory of a new Atlantis will eventually rise in the west.  We…you and I are the leaven hidden in the loaf that will steal away the bread so that the Lady’s purpose it will serve.  It was the Lady who promised Wise King Philip so long ago that a New Atlantis would arise at the end of the ages and, in its final hours, deliver up a king who would heal all the nations.”
He smiled, recalling his long ago meeting with Mihai.  “A star child has paid the price for our souls, and soon shall she sit beside her king to bring a finish to matters.  And we…you and I have been privileged to become members of the Order of the Swan, the Lady’s Order, to help hurry that day along.
“If we are to be successful, then church mice we must not be, but stalwart adventurers.  With you goes part of the treasure of Atlantis, so that wealthy enough you will be to draw the attention of kings and magistrates.  It will be those circles that you must learn to walk about in, Atlantis’ treasure buying you recognition and influence.  Use that wealth wisely.  Be cunning and shrewd, remembering the reasons you are where you are.”
After this, Rae dismissed the meeting, those departing scurrying away to make final preparations.  Before dawn, the party was ferried over to a waiting twin-masted tartane recently arrived from islands off the coast of Spain.  Later that day, the small ship anchored in the harbor at La Rochelle, the people melting into the bustling crowds along the busy waterfront.  Over the following weeks, they parted company, journeying away alone or together, back to homes and companions.
 Chandler St. Clair and NidaNafushie traveled away as husband and wife, seeing the woman was already several weeks’ pregnant with their first child.  MalakAbarDohn and his half-sister, Sophie Tangle, journeyed away with David Monteverdi, Sophie eventually marrying David’s cousin Giorgio Medici, his family involved in trade and finance. Malak soon dropped the use of his first name, going by ‘Abar’, or ‘Aberson Dohn’.  In time, he journeyed north, joining his friend Chandler in Normandy, marrying Chandler’s sister, Dianna.  The children of both men commanded soldiers during the Norman invasion of England in 1066.
As for the others?  Their adventures fade from the pages of history, though their family names do reappear from time to time, at critical moments.  To a person, each faithfully carried out his or her duties for the Order of the Swan, pushing ever forward to deliver New Atlantis upon the world of men.

*    *    *

Section 40

Cleanse Me of My Wretchedness

The four men sat huddled, deep in the bowels of a small cavern not far from the walls of Jerusalem, listening intently to the three robed people sitting across from them, their only light being a small, smoky blaze of dried animal dung.  The objective of the meeting was to convince the French nobleman, Hugues de Payens, to seek permission from King Baldwin II of Jerusalem to set up headquarters on the Temple Mount in the city, de Payens believed to be a man the king would give an ear to for such a request.

Hugues de Payens was not only a distinguished nobleman, he was an excellent soldier and a deeply religious man, given to the veneration of the Virgins, both the White (Mary, mother of Jesus) and the Black (some believed to be Mary Magdalene or possibly an even more ancient woman).  The man’s worshipful devotion to the Church made him too questionable for being brought into the Order’s inner circle.  Yet it was his very devotion to church and king that made de Payens an excellent candidate for helping the Order of the Swan with its present quest.
De Payens was also a secretive man, having already gathered a select group of noblemen to his side in the hopes of creating a special fellowship of knights serving the Christ and the Virgins.  His private invitation, offering Payne de Monteverdi to join his fellowship, alerted the Haudenosaunez to the possibilities of infiltrating de Payen’s fellowship to accomplish their purpose for journeying to Jerusalem. 
Rae and Aphrodite believed the time had come to explore beneath the old city of Salem for possible secrets hidden by Aphrodite’s son, Shem, if they wished for others not to discover them first.  Already, there were rumors that certain crusaders from various ‘holy leagues’ were planning to dig for religious treasures beneath the city.  When reports of this reached de Payens’ ears, he gathered a few his trusted knights to establish a fellowship to do the same.  His inclusion of Monteverdi in his clandestine group alerted agents of the secret Order of the Swan.  They, in turn, forwarded the news to Juufet, who was currently going by the name of ‘Mohammad Juufhee’.  He purportedly was a recent convert to and ally of the Church since its invasion of the Holy Land, a man who had quickly gained the trust of the invaders, able to promptly relay information to Rae and the others.
Aware of what might possibly exist secreted away in the labyrinth of ancient tunnels and caverns beneath the city, Rae took counsel with Aphrodite concerning the matter.  In short order, those of the Haudenosaunez who could gathered together to decide the course of action to be taken.  Aphrodite was convincing in her arguments, stating that although the contents of Shem’s laboratory might be of little value to the ordinary soldier, should the Hormaxian priests obtain access to the machines and/or any written texts describing Shem’s experiments, it could prove most troubling.
Shem was a wizard with extraordinary knowledge and wisdom concerning the mortal elements, alchemy, and the natural sciences.  It was said that the foundation of wizardry developed by the eastern, magic-practicing priests came from three of Shem’s apprentices who stole parchments from his private library and handed them over to the sons of Hormax.  Little else came of the matter during those times, the Aphrodite Wars consuming so many lives on both sides, it appearing that those in the know might not have survived the wars.  In any event, there was no real evidence remaining that the Hormaxian House had gained knowledge of what Shem possessed.  It was not until Juufet’s report that fears arose as to the real reasons plans were being made to dig beneath Jerusalem City. 
Aphrodite explained that she once visited Shem’s lair after discovering he had not surrendered up his tools of knowledge to the hidden rooms of Eden.  She confessed that her son’s experiments bordered on the level of those seen in the pre-flood world.   Shem refused his mother’s pleas to move those items to Eden, reassuring her he would either deliver everything or destroy it when he was finished.  Instead of involving Noah in the debate with her son, Aphrodite, fearing the outcome should a confrontation occur between the two men, let the matter go.  Instead, she accepted Shem’s promise to dispose of his laboratory at a later time. But his sudden illness and death soon after the last of the Aphrodite Wars prevented him from carrying that out. There were those among the Haudenosaunez who believed this did not happen, but no one knew for a certainty.
 Aphrodite was so broken from her battle injuries, she could do little more than mourn her son’s passing.  By the time she recuperated, Salem had come under the rule other nations, and a series of earthquakes had collapsed many of the caverns under Salem, forever burying Shem’s laboratory secrets…at least Aphrodite had hoped it was so.  She gave it little further consideration until Serah revealed having heard whispers concerning dark, cavernous chambers discovered by Hebrew priests while hiding temple relics from the invading Egyptians after King Josiah’s death.  But retrieving of the Two and the Twelve so consuming the hour, Aphrodite gave scant thought to the matter, seeing there had been another massive earthquake under the city just before the Babylonians invaded the territory.  Again, Aphrodite let the matter ride on the hope the laboratory was buried forever.
Now it appeared that dreaded ghost from the past had again risen.  None of the Haudenosaunez questioned Rae’s and Aphrodite’s belief that the Hormaxian League was the moving force behind the Church’s taking of Jerusalem and the encouragement of various fellowships to search for what they thought to be lost religious relics. Whether it was to find Shem’s laboratory or just dig up some old religious relics to increase control over the faithful was not certain.  What was certain was that the city and old Temple Mount were now in the hands of the Crusaders and under the influence of the Church.  If there was something of value hidden deep in the bowels of secreted caverns, they…the Haudenosaunez…must get there first.
The trick to all this was that any search party must be approved by the Church with assurances that sacred relics discovered would be handed over to it.  Aphrodite could make sure that relics would be discovered.  Already at her disposal were hundreds of pre-flood and post-flood treasures.  “Should you wish for me to deliver to those caves an original copy of the Ark of the Covenant with all its inlay and gold trimming, including the Seraphs, this I can do and more.  Chalices, crowns, tools, weapons, gold, emeralds, scrolls, what have you, my treasure vaults are not short.  Why, I can even provide the lost robe of Adam, if that is your wish.”
Rae reached over, taking Aphrodite’s hand, the look in his eyes confessing how close the two had become over the centuries.  “A few trinkets we might find useful.  But no, I believe you may serve us in a much more useful way, with an open display of honesty.”
Surprised, Aphrodite asked, “Lord Tomassie, what do you mean ‘a display of honesty’?”
Rae grinned, “Simple…I will arrange a meeting with the young Master De Payens.  He is a very devout man and already reveres you almost as much as the Virgin Mother.  Should you openly reveal yourself to him to be who you really are, the Mother Goddess of us all, I believe the man will attempt to turn over Heaven and Hell to accomplish whatever task you ask of him.  Make him believe in you and we will have gained the victory.”
Aphrodite placed a hand over her heart, frowning.  “I fear such a thing, the man making a god of me and falling down in worship.  Already he venerates the Black Virgin, knowing not for sure who the woman may really be.  Should I reveal that I am she, then he might well build an entire religion around her, believing it is a pleasing thing to God.”
Shaking his head, Rae argued, “Little is the time afforded us to accomplish this purpose if we wish not to set the world ablaze in our searching for Shem’s secret treasures.  You know far better than the rest of us just how damning it would be to all mankind should the priests of Hormax attain those hidden vaults before us.  If we were to take the treasure by force, then war above and below might well break out again.  You being venerated by a man of flesh is a risk worth taking, and I feel the Lady would agree with me on this.”  Aphrodite finally acquiesced, offering her full support in the matter.

Three days later she, Rae, and Juufet sat in council, attempting to persuade Hugues de Payens to assist them in their quest.  Aphrodite did as Rae requested her, revealing who she truly was to the man.  “Son you are, flesh from my own inward parts, for no flesh of mankind exists in this world today that has not passed out from me through the birthing of their parents so many ages ago.”
De Payens was not a gullible man.  Too many times had the religious and political tricksters attempted to win his allegiance by cunning speech and fancy magic.  He leaned forward, searching the shadows under the woman’s hood.  “I do so wish to believe you are who you say, but wise it is not to follow every breeze when it carries its own want upon it!  If you are truly who you say you are, reveal yourself and prove to me it is so.  A goddess divine should not have to hide herself behind darkened robes, unless she has something to hide.”
Aphrodite quietly replied, “As you wish…” while standing and pulling her hood back before dropping her robe, revealing her glorious, naked beauty.  Even in the smoky firelight, everyone could see the woman’s flawless appearance, but this was not all.  A glow came from Aphrodite’s flesh that lit the room about her.  She smiled into de Payens’ shocked face. “Now you see why I covered myself in darkened robes.  The ages have changed me so that with the angels I have walked.  ‘An angel of the mortal elements’ I am called by the children of the High Lord, their sister who walks the worlds of men.”
Approaching the dumbstruck man, she extended a hand.  “You see me.  Now stand and touch me and feel that I am not a ghost or apparition but a woman, bone and flesh as are you.  Look into my eyes and see the eyes of your mother in them, for your mother is also a child of mine.”
Very slowly de Payens stood, hesitantly reaching out a hand and touching Aphrodite on the arm.  Aphrodite leaned forward and kissed de Payens on the cheek.  “My son, I am no dream, but a woman of flesh, born new in the worlds that made your father, Adam, and mother, Eve.  In a ship hewn of wooden timbers, I passed from an old world and into a new one, only to see it also become filled with evil and madness.  Down to this day, I and my companions here, children of the burning of Dancing Stones’ tower, have journeyed our fated roads to bring to a finish the evil that was started so long ago.”
Trembling, de Payens fell to his knees, kissing Aphrodite’s hand.  “My…my Lady Divine…your servant!  Whatever you ask of your servant, he will faithfully do unto death and beyond!  Your servant...”
Gently pulling on his hand, Aphrodite commanded de Payens to rise.  “My son, a woman of flesh am I, flesh the same as you.  Only by Eden’s fires, you have not yet been touched.  One day maybe, for all flesh has been blessed with the promise.  Now…” she kissed the man again on the cheek and then gathered up her robe.  As she busied herself dressing, Aphrodite casually commented, “Master de Payens, permit me one more gift I shall give, if we can count on your unyielding support.”
De Payens swore an oath of fealty and loyal support.
Removing an object from a fold in the robe, Aphrodite withdrew a golden pendant about a palm’s width square, having four ruby-covered, flaring arms that met in the center, the upper arm having tiny holes pierced through it so that on a cord around one’s neck it could be worn.  “This is the crest from the House of Lamech, my husband Noah’s father, a gift I gave to my son, Shem, when he parted our company, to make a home for himself in lands far to our south.  His wife returned it to me after his death so long ago.  Shem was so proud of this crest that he carved it on many of his private treasures.  This crest is what my people search for under the city.  Whatever other treasures that may be hidden there are yours to possess.”  She handed over the pendant to de Payens.  “This is a gift from me to you, son of Shem.”  De Payens thanked Aphrodite profusely, repeating his promised oath.
Rae spoke up.  “The evening is passing quickly and there is still a great deal of business to conclude before we depart this place. Master de Payens, you possibly may be wondering why we have invited you into our confidence if we wizards are so greatly powerful and so long-lived.  I will reveal this to you and, for good reason, seeing that the game is only begun and long it must take before it is played out to the full.  A secret order we are all members of, with a language of words, symbols, and signs exclusively our own.  As a sword is double-edged and a gem many-faceted, so our world is filled with many riddles and levels of meaning and fellowship, offering our initiates a glimpse into whatever world we believe they are worthy of observing.  Now you, Master de Payens, have become an initiate into one of our secret worlds, yet at what level and depth, you do not know.  And, without our further revelations, you will never know.  Indeed, if I had not just revealed this, you would have never known about it.
“A secret order or fellowship can be a powerful agent for good or evil…or both.  Many a secret fellowship exists, both good and evil, sometimes the good hiding in the evil.  Other times, it is the opposite.  Few are there who are truly wicked in soul and spirit, the evil doing righteous acts while the righteous commit acts of unspeakable violence.  Choose any side and see that both the allied and axis claim virtue and spiritual chastity in their acts of willing violence.  So what must a person do?  For choose a side one must, because no neutral ground exists between God and Satan.  In the end shall the battle line be drawn, each soul choosing a side.
“A kiss on the cheek can have a double meaning, either bringing one into an intimate position with the one offering it, or marking that person for death.  It is not the recipient who determines the significance of that mark of affection, but the one giving.  So, to one it gives life and to another it gives death.  The assassin deceives by offering the kiss of death while appearing oh, so affectionate, so that he may be given entrance into his victim’s inner sanctum, possibly residing close to the person until his confidence has been fully won.  Yet it is not always an assassin who seeks the bosom position.  Those in need or want of power, position, wealth, security, love, or other reasons will offer the kiss of fealty to gain that possession.  So it is with a secret order or fellowship.
“Now we know well that you, Master de Payens, are a young man of great influence, having kissed many cheeks out of affection and loyalty, and this affection we do not wish you to betray.  Indeed, we will teach you how to call in the debt owed you for such affection given.”
Rae motioned to someone standing back in the shadows.  “We need you to call in your kiss to the Good King Baldwin to get us into the city and under the walls of the old temple, bloodlessly, if at all possible…and secretly. That is foremost.   If you carry us through to a finish with this purpose, then we will teach you the way of the kiss and secret order.  And should you choose to take advantage of such an education, we will offer you treasures of Atlantis’ gold to assist you along your way.”
At that, two men carried out a chest filled in weight with gold comparable to that of an adult man.  “See!”  Rae pointed at the chest.  “You get us under the city and back again with our treasure and this treasure will be yours to build your fellowship, should that be your desire, for the one who has the gold rules, whether from a throne or a hidden lair.  Should you do this for us, then we will instruct you in the secrets of building with numbers, signs, and symbols, so that an unreachable lair you can build under the noses of princes and kings.  Then we will say to you ‘Go, build your hidden lair under the thrones of kings and priests.  Your fellowship will one day help breathe life into New Atlantis and return America to the children of Japheth, the Mountain Bear and king over the Elkhorn, the land gifted to them by Japheth in the ages before Egypt, in the days when Aphrodite struck down the lords of darkness.’”
De Payens and his three companions promised to do everything within their power to obtain license to establish the headquarters of their newly founded fellowship that they and their initiates consecrated that evening, deep within those obscure caverns.  Taking a name from the ancient guardians who had long protected the secrets of Atlantis, the members of the fellowship called themselves the ‘Knights Templar’.  In symbol of this, de Payens, himself, remarked, “We, too, shall guard the secret sanctuary of our mother goddess, Aphrodite, our Black Virgin, so that all she desires through us may be accomplished!”

Within a fortnight, Hugues de Payens had established Templar quarters in the Aqsa Mosque on the Temple Mount in Jerusalem.  Not trusting to outsiders, he had chosen a small group of loyal relatives, either by blood or marriage, to accompany him in this escapade.  Joining them were three men by the names of Rossal Glandmar (BondaBoor), Gondamer Roesendi (Cothath…later knighted ‘Lord Langlin’), and a man calling himself ‘Kenneth Beaufort’ (Baalath), who assisted de Payens and his confederates with the development of the early Knights Templar.
Along with them went a workforce of laborers and attendants to give needed support, all being sworn to secrecy regarding activities being carried out at the Temple Mount.  Accompanying this group were three women servants: Heidi Tomassie, SusannahKiabottam, and Aphrodite.  Also, a man and a recent convert to the church, Mohammad Juufhee (Juufet) joined the party.  Over the next several months, tunnels were dug and caverns explored, treasures hidden beneath. A few quietly placed there were given appropriate attention, the Haudenosaunez removing items from Shem’s laboratory to secure places and the Templars absconding with priceless treasures the Church had been hoping to obtain for itself.
True to their word, the Haudenosaunez delivered into de Payens’ hands the promised gold from Atlantis’ treasure house, providing the initial investment to help the Templars establish their well-known banking system.  De Payens and his inner circle of confederates were tutored in the arts of numbers, signs, symbols, and the ways of past knowledge and future insight.  It was true that Rae and the others realized the Templars would eventually become corrupted by conflicting ideologies and even infiltrated by the Hormaxian league.  Still, they believed that a core element would remain loyal and helpful to the cause, those people being safely hidden away within an organization filled with secret knowledge, codes, and symbols.
“To each is one’s own knowledge, the light shining where it wishes in a darkened room.”  This was Rae’s reply when asked just how safe it was to reveal so many secrets to de Payens and his cohorts.  “It is not what one knows that causes the light or the darkness, but what one believes that decides the fate of worlds.  What one perceives to be true is far more powerful than reality.  Yet the person peering into the depths beyond what is perceived creates the reality that is to come.  There shall always remain a core of sages within that fellowship who will continue to peer beyond the horizon.  They we will teach to man the tiller so the ship remains on course.”

*    *    *

Son Haudenosaunez lived far past the lives of many men so that a legend among his people he became.  In earlier days, when he and Sodasonie had journeyed into the depths of Eden, the Lady showed him the body of Enoch in its crystal sarcophagus.  At that time, she promised Son, “As the days of Enoch were before the great and terrible flooding over the Earth, so will your days become before you are gathered to rest when I call you to my side in the Worlds Above.”  True to her words, Son lived well into his three hundred and sixty-fifth year, becoming father to sons and daughters for many generations.
During his lifetime, Son returned part of its former glory to the lands of Meric east of the river Aosolagessa, the surviving population too sparse for western expansion.  It was during this age that those from the Celtic Coalition…namely peoples from Portugal, Galicia, and Celtic regions, predominantly those controlled by the Norse including Scotland, Ireland, Norway, and Normandy…eventually partnered with the Knights Templar, those organizations delivering thousands of immigrants into the west, seeking an escape from religious intolerance.

(Author’s note… Although Britain was conquered by the Normans in 1066 and was subsequently subjugated by people of Norse descent, the Venetian Council, along with the Celtic Coalition, refused to recognize Britain as a coalition member, and blocked it from having any share in western activities.  It was not until after the defeat of the Spanish Armada in 1588 that England was able to free itself of those restraints and begin serious colonizing of the western lands.)

With the assistance of the Celtic Coalition and Knights Templar, Son quickly rebuilt many ruined cities and established land and water trade routes, connecting towns and territories.  It was also during this time that a great influx of people migrated from Europe into the west, notably the children of the Norse and religious minorities escaping persecution, a large number of European Jews included.  These people were absorbed into the western culture, many abandoning their former lifestyles so that their children came to forget the world from which their parents came.
The lands beyond the western mountains were soon forgotten by the people in the east, the great wilderness, deserts, and mountains between them eventually ending any trade with the Chinese territories.  China eventually lost interest in its scattered colonies along the Meric coast, in time even abandoning California Island to its own fates.  Left on their own, those people eventually forgot their former culture and developed new customs and culture.  Some of those people sojourned over the mountains, mixing their blood with the nomadic people of the western wilderness, also bringing back womenfolk as wives, so that a new race of people soon walked the lands beyond the Aosolagessa River.
Queen Monacan taught Son in all the ways of her husband Meric, so that eventually wise sages filled the land between the river and the Atlantean Sea.  Peace reigned from river to sea so that war was forgotten by the people.  No woman suffered an abortion, and the old came to their end quietly, in the company of family and companions.  For all the days that Son ruled as chief over the kingdom of Meric, the people thrived, with no one giving them need to fear or dread.
Son’s days eventually drew near a close.  In his final years, the man could be found always sitting close to the fire, his bones always chilled.  It was during this time that his children decided to find a young virgin child to warm him in the cold of the evening hours.  A maiden of extraordinary beauty was found who accepted becoming the old man’s wife and lay close to him for warmth, ‘Suiddtie’ being her name.  Suiddtie birthed a child, a son, on the day that Son passed into his long sleep.
Before Son passed away, he held his son, naming him ‘YingYang SpringWinter’, “…for from within his upper thigh will come the good and the bad, the evil and the kind, the curse and the blessing.  In his old age, he will give life to a son, Sonawahtusunnee, who, in the straits of time, will father two sons.  One he will name ‘Hiawatha’ and the other he will call ‘Hikucosbonnii’.  One will bring a blessing to his people and the other shall deliver a curse and ruination to this world.  Yet the both must come in order that all things shall be accomplished.”
After Son’s passing, countless thousands journeyed to the man’s city to mourn with a great burning celebration of remembrance.  As the people stood, watching the flaming funeral pyre, eight of Son’s sons and daughters carried their father’s body out from the moot hall on a bier, setting it down in front of the intense blaze.  The crowd began a chanting song, praising Son for all the things he had done.
In the middle of the chant, while maidens dressed in gaily colored, feathered clothing raced about, describing in dance the story of Son’s life, a twirling windstorm settled down over the raging blaze, sucking the flames and all the combustibles ever upward into the sky.  While the crowd stood aghast in wonder, watching, a giant, silver disk slowly descended out of the storm, settling down where the fire had been.  A door opened in the side of the machine while a ramp extended outward until it touched the ground.  Standing in the door’s opening was White Buffalo Woman, dressed in a suit of burnished gold, her platinum-colored hair burning bright like the sun.
White Buffalo Woman slowly walked down the ramp toward the wrapped body of Son Haudenosaunez, several other similarly dressed people following behind her.  Walking up to Son’s body, the woman placed her hands upon the man and began a weeping chant, her tears falling in red droplets upon the wrapped linen.
When she had finished her long lament, White Buffalo Woman spoke to Son’s children who had brought the man’s body from the moot hall.  “Your father does not leave you to go away and be forgotten in the abyss of time.  In the coming hour, he shall rise to stand beside me as we together ride in chariots of fire to bring a finish to all wicked deeds.  We have come this day to take our brother into the land of peace and pleasant dreams, so that happy he will be, chasing the deer and elk on the hunt, awaiting future days.
“For your part, because the children of this great man listened to his voice and have done all the things he requested down to this day, you will all go to your rest in blissful peace, your days being many and filled with joy.  In future days, you will again stand upon the hills, speaking to all the people about your father and White Buffalo Woman and how their love for each other saved your people down to the ending day.”
Sodasonie swept her arm about from south to north and west to east.  “Forever will you and your people have an inheritance in the land of Javan along with your brothers and sisters who have passed from his inner thigh into this world.  So tell your children to remain of good cheer.  For even should fire and ice, famine and war, hatred and evil consume this land, and should your brother even attempt to steal it away from you, the Great Spirit has made a promise that a returning to this land will the children of Chief Haudenosaunez have.
“This is the center of the world.  This is where it all began…your kind began.  From out of the mountainous caves, your father and mother were delivered, so that the life-giving waters of the Genesee they consumed to satisfaction.  And this is where it shall all end, the Great Chief in the final days standing upon the mountain of life as Atlantis rises again to bring blessings to all mankind.  In that day, the spear, arrow, and club shall be tossed into the dust, and the war bonnet shall see war no more.  Your people shall reside in their dwellings, having no fear or dread, for the wampum belts shall speak only words of peace for as long as the sun does shine and the moon does rise above the waters.”
She smiled, tears filling her eyes.  “In that day, your father shall look down upon his children and give them a blessing, smoke of the valley weed filling up the houses of moot until all the people shall dream dreams and see visions.  And Heaven and Earth will come to be at peace.”
Sodasonie and her companions gathered up a litter that Son’s body lay upon and silently carried it up the ramp and into the shimmering disk.  After the ramp was raised, sealing the opening, the machine slowly rose into the sky until it disappeared into the clouds.

*    *    *

YingYang SpringWinter grew up to become a great chieftain among the people in the west.  During his lifetime, the land of Meric east of the river Aosolagessa returned to its former days of glory until voices could be heard crying out, ‘Surely Atlantis has risen, for how could the kingdom of Meric have been grander?!’
During this time, the Northern Trading Alliance made treaties with the west, secretly importing to Scotland and Norway copper and iron, baleen and whale oil, seal skins and salted herring, along with salt that was then transported to the rest of Europe.  Thousands of people from the Celtic nations continued their migration into the west, most notable among them being the children of the Norse who also journeyed beyond the Aosolagessa, exploring and building settlements all the way to the high mountains and south into the kingdom of Zezssa, later known as the ‘Aztec’.
It was during YingYangSpringWinter’s reign and into that of his son Sonawahtusunnee’s that the influence of the Knights Templar grew to its zenith in the western world.  Using some of the banking wealth they acquired, the Templars constructed a large fleet of sailing ships that were also used to transport pilgrims to the Holy Land…or at least that was the claim.  Although many a devotee of the Church was delivered safely to the gates of Jerusalem by their Templar host, many more who were seeking escape from the Church’s tyranny were clandestinely transported to the western shores of Meric.
Jew and Gentile alike were welcomed by the children of Meric, being permitted to worship the Great Spirit in the manner they saw fit as long as the religion of Hormax was not included in their acts of devotion, and they did not force their religion on friend, foe, or family.  This led in time to a world where a person might walk through a village, witnessing the orthodoxy of the Jewish faith being practiced beside a saintly man carrying a cross about his neck, and yet another soul standing in the open, arms spread wide with head lifted toward the sky, singing praises to the Spirit above.  This diffusion of religious thought and practice would one day lead to a new and different form of worship that took from all three its religious concepts and melded them into something strangely different from them all.
For the secret order of the Knights Templars, this presented an opportunity to create the New Jerusalem many of them had been so longing for.  Near the end of the Templar’s golden age, they constructed a humble cathedral near the trading city located on waterways near the eastern coast of Meric… now being called ‘A Merica’(meaning ‘New Merica’) by the Templars because of their seeing the western lands as New Jerusalem.  It was to this city, this Newport, that thousands of emigrants entered A Merica and countless products of trade were loaded on Templar ships to be sent to Europe.  All of this clandestine activity remained secret because of the vigilance of Admiral Rae Tomassie’s sailing fleets that permitted only ships of recognized trading guilds passage into the west.
For nearly two hundred years, this arrangement between the Celtic Coalition, Knights Templar and the Sons of Meric prospered under the watchful eyes of the Haudenosaunez.  Hyhoset (Queen Monacan), Tuosolmerica (Queen Cheyenne Tucson Merica), Tosombabanna (Queen Nicola Rose Carrier), and SchroGarthTho (Chief Secotan TewaTeton) maintained a watchful vigil over the peoples, tribes, and nations, nurturing a tepid peace that encouraged a cordial tolerance for the views and beliefs of others.  Women were again elevated to matriarchal positions, accepted as female chiefs, sages, and medicine shamans.  Slavery was not permitted, courts were open affairs with the accused offered proper defense, and no taxes, levees, duties or fees were permitted to be exacted from the people.
For as long as the Knights Templar maintained its secret control over the kings of Europe and held in check the full power of the Church, the lands of A Merica thrived.  Yet, as with all things contrived by men, whether good or bad, if without God’s hand willing them, they will come to naught.  And so it would be with the worlds in the west.  Now was not yet the hour for Atlantis and, until that hour, the times of the nations must not be halted.  Change was coming, the Age of Empires not yet brought to a finish.  Indeed, the greatest of empires was yet to arrive upon the scene.  But even its golden age was still centuries in the future.
One cannot plant a seed and expect it to bring forth fruit until it has grown to maturity.  So, with growing pangs and tribulation, New Atlantis was forced to sprout, its seed not yet placed in the ground…but for the field?  Already the plow was turning over the soil in preparation for that coming age.  First the blood of freedom-loving men and women was to soak the field so that the seed might grow to maturity.  Upon the heads of the people who dreamed the dream of a new world filled with freedom would the axe fall first.  Tired the Church was of its arrogant offspring whose purse was fat with the gold of its kingly subjects.  Something must be done to bring power and wealth back to its proper place…to the Church and Pope.

*    *    *

It was a rather modest gathering number-wise, but among those secretly assembled in the tiny chamber off the main hall of the abbey, it included some of the most influential and powerful men in Europe.  King Phillip IV of France, in collusion with Pope Clement V, had quietly requested the presence of other hopeful confederates from surrounding kingdoms.  With them that day in those chambers were regents from England, Iberia, Germany, Italy, and Cyprus…the recently deposed king of Cyprus, Henry II representing that state.  Another guest, a scribe and cleric serving in King Edward II’s house, a certain Julius Britannicus, quietly sat in the shadows, unobtrusively listening and observing proceedings.
Julius Britannicus was a man of simple means, having no royal connections or landed estates, his attendance at this meeting peculiarly out of place for such a prestigious assembly of power and royalty.  But no one mentioned it, politely ignoring the fellow while intentionally distancing themselves from him.  This suited Britannicus quite well, the man not wishing to be the center of anyone’s attention, though he had orchestrated these very proceedings.  His reasons for bringing these houses together were far different from what they believed them to be, and he wished for it to remain that way.
Julius was the current high lord over the Hormaxian House, and a seated member on the Venetian Maritime Court.  For some time, he had been endeavoring to have England brought into the Northern Trading Alliance, but to no avail.  The rulers of England were accused of not playing nice with their Nordic neighbors, Scotland, Ireland, and the other Scandinavian kingdoms, constantly warring against them.  It was also feared that, should England be given a free hand at open trade with the west…secret lands that Julius craved to control…it would attempt a coup over the other traders, to monopolize the trade for itself.
Julius Britannicus was a man of great influence among the shadow rulers of the planet.  Only with the Maritime Court did he find his requests flatly rejected, the man taking such actions as a personal affront.  The vast majority of the council’s members voted to deny his resolution for England to be granted entry, even as a nonvoting member in the Court’s general council, let alone having its embargo from the trading alliances lifted.  “Not one crumb do you offer someone speaking in good faith!” he shouted as he stormed from the chambers.  Well, he would show them...
If England could not join the trade guilds under his generous offers, then he would squeeze them until they capitulated to harsher demands.  Soon thereafter, Julius set in motion his plan to force the issue with the trading guilds.  Gold might rule the world of politics and religion, but it was banking script that was the lifeblood of commerce.  Script was easily moved, without being noticed, tucked away in a hidden pocket or in a secret drawer.  If he was going to cripple the commercial strength of the trading alliances, he must make the script worthless.  To do this, he must bring to ruin the bankers, chief among them being the Knights Templar.
Today’s meeting was the results of months of laborious activities.  So much Julius had to do to reach this hour.  First, he was forced to remove England’s King Edward I from the throne.  Poor fellow, anyway, was not much a ruler, at least as far as Julius was concerned.  His son Edward was a much better candidate to accomplish Julius’ purposes.  And arranging to have France’s King Philip IV’s twelve year old daughter, Isabella, marry Edward sealed the deal for Julius.  The rest was a reasonably easy matter.  Other than Portugal’s rulers, who feigned their troubles with the invading Moors, Iberia, Germany, Italy, Spain, Cyprus and Papal Rome quickly gathered to Julius’ side.
High Lord Britannicus had also been influential in returning from exile and into favor with the newly enthroned King Edward II a certain Piers Gaveston, who also sat in on this meeting, representing England’s ruling monarch.  With Britannicus’ promise that he would receive the title of ‘Earl of Cromwell’, Gaveston had heartily joined in with the conspiracy to frame mischief against the Knights Templar, his influence quickly persuading Edward II to unite with King Philip IV to bring the rabble house of the Templars down.
Of course, it was not the trade guilds’ actions that would drive the assembled confederation to attempt a coup on the Templars.  After all, many of those same kingdoms depended on those trade goods, even though they did not know their true source, and they prospered through the taxation and duties the flow of those goods produced.  Indeed, for many of the rulers, the banking script was necessary for their own success, often being gold-poor, but rich in other forms of wealth.  No, Britannicus must present different reasons if he was to prove successful.  This council was to formulate them so that they could be presented to their respective kings and governors in a logical manner.
The most compelling reason for these other European lordships to unite against the Templar Knights would be the fear of divine retribution if they refused.  For this reason, Britannicus had conspired with Pope Clement V and King Philip IV to trump up indiscretions to charge the Templars with.  It was rather easy to get these men on board, Clement fearful of the threatening military might of the Templars, especially now there was no Holy Land to defend, and Philip because of his immense debt owed to the Templars, and an empty treasury, with no way to resupply it through additional taxes or duties.
It was Pope Clement V who began proceedings.  “The Lord is a powerful ally and loving warden over our souls, giving blessings to those who are fully devoted to his causes.  Through the Church, he directs the world of men, heaping those blessings upon the pure of heart while at the same time casting the souls of the heretical and murdering, deceitful ones into the bottomless pits of Hell from which there is no escape!  The Judases among us he will not tolerate forever, and those who give their silver to such men will share in their eternal damnation!
“Report has been made that this sect called the ‘Knights Templar’ has been practicing the very worship of demons, even to the point of desecrating the cross while calling down evil upon the very Christ who saves us into eternal bliss!  Up to this hour, our Lord and God has been willing to overlook the adulterous fornications that many of the kings of this Earth have practiced by entertaining these demonic heretics in commerce and political intercourse.  Harlots they all are who do such things, the retribution of our Christ coming quickly against them if they do not change their ways!”
A sly smile crept across Britannicus’ face as he watched from the shadows, those in the room erupting in public confessions of innocence, one after another declaring total lack of knowledge regarding these matters.  The pope had sealed the fate of the Knights Templar just as Britannicus hoped.  Now all that was necessary was to seal the deal by appealing to the people’s greed.  This he left up to King Philip to accomplish.
Philip stood.  “So true!  So true!  Our Holy Potentate has saved us all from our eternal damnation through his revelations!  Now we must act quickly, but with discretion.  Through their deceitful practices, these heretics have stolen for themselves the holy monies belonging to peoples of the Christ, so that even the Church suffers poverty because of them.  Vast is their treasury…so vast, I believe that should all their ill-gotten gold be returned to the kingdoms’ treasuries, there would not be space to store it, for so long they have been stealing it from us!
“We must therefore set a time and hour to take back what is rightfully ours, given us through the good graces of our holy host and his righteous administrators, and was stolen by lies and treachery by the very agents of Satan!  These evil ones must be removed from their landed estates, from these lands, from the very world, itself, if we are to expect a blessing from our Lord and Savior.  Otherwise he will send to us the curse and malady, disease and tribulation, because we failed to cleanse this holy land of its devil spawn!”
Not one person in the room disagreed with Philip.  No one dared, for fear of a loving Christ sending his denunciations against him.  After some debate, the date of the Lord’s year 1307, Friday, October the thirteenth, was chosen to unleash armies of the holy guardians against the apostate demon hordes, a day that would live on in infamy, that date becoming an omen of distress for superstitious men who feared the power of Satan more than the love of the Christ.  King Philip IV and Pope Clement V did not live to see their dreams fulfilled, nor would they be remembered for any great acts or deeds other than the curse called down upon their heads for the murder of innocent men, and its fulfillment.
Britannicus rubbed his hands with glee as he departed the chambers that day.  The next time the Venetian Council assembled, he would have the upper hand in forcing the Northern Celtic Trading Guilds to yield to his demands.  Britannicus, though, was never to return to the council to present his demands.  Piers Gaveston was not one to leave loose ends that might threaten his political positions.  He knew that Britannicus held a sword over his head regarding the conspiracy to bring the Templar banking system to ruin, something that might not set well with some of the monarchs when their source of trading revenue dried up.  It was not long after his returning to England that Britannicus found himself on the wrong side of King Edward II’s good graces, a noose waiting for him in the Tower of London before he could make a successful escape.

An oath of secrecy was demanded from everyone gathered together that day so that no Templar might make escape with any treasure.  This each man faithfully promised to do.  Unknown to them, there were other ears listening in on the meeting that day.  Oh well, for the best laid plans of mice and men…  When one attempts to slap the face of God, they should be prepared to receive the fist of retribution.  Don’t piss off the kraken when alone in a tiny boat you are upon the tempestuous sea!
Within only hours of the meeting, ships from the great Celtic trading fleet had hoisted sail for the port of La Rochelle, the warrior sailors aboard crying out, “France we shall burn and not one stone shall remain upon a stone in Papal Rome!”
Although Rae and the other Haudenosaunez eventually persuaded the Guild not to bring the French kingdom to ruin, he made sure that none of the conspirator kingdoms ever benefitted from their evil deeds perpetrated against innocent people.  And for the Templars?  Their clandestine power and influence on the world stage would only increase over time.

*    *    *

Jacques de Molay and Geoffrey de Charney sat, quietly listening to the revelations of Lords Beaufort and Bruxelles regarding King Phillip’s and Pope Clement’s scheming conspiracy to arrest the Knights Templar and confiscate the Order’s treasure, their stoic composure betraying growing trepidation.  Others gathered with them revealed greater agitation over the things they were hearing.  Five men in particular were caught up in rapt attention, their names having been included in the conversation.
Gerard de Villiers, Hughues de Chalon and Jacques Cartier the Elder were officers in the Knights Templar, veterans of the Holy Land wars and highly respected men in the La Rochelle Templar Order.  Christian Abar Dohn and Edmond Sinclair were cousins visiting France as representatives of a Scottish trading guild.  Whether it was by fate’s hand or purely circumstance, these men found themselves swept into a vortex of profound intrigues and mystery that would ever change them.  In this hour and on this day, New Atlantis was conceived as with birth pangs.  Brother Seth…the secret order of the Templars…was born, his feet ever guiding Atlantis’ gestating growth, and his sword defending it.
After thoroughly explaining the gravity of the situation, Beaufort offered, “Lords de Molay and de Charney, please accept our offer for your escape from here.  Within a day’s sailing, the combined fleets of the western trading guilds sit, awaiting my orders.  Not only well-manned are their ships, but also many carry fast-loading Chinese bombards.  Should you make your escape to them, all the navies of Europe could not wrest you from their protection.”
De Molay smiled sadly, shaking his head as he reached out, resting a hand on Beaufort’s forearm, de Chalon nodding in agreement.  “My friend, I do not doubt you for a minute, but this offer of yours I cannot accept!  Many are the Templars residing in France who have no time to make escape.  Shall I leave my children to the baying hounds while I run away to hide behind oaken plank and iron cannon?!  No, that cannot be!”
Beaufort smiled grimly, peering into de Molay’s eyes.  “What you say is true, but little hope there will be for you should you remain here, especially if no treasure is found for greedy men to steal.  King Philip will squeeze you with every form of abuse and torture, in hopes of making you reveal where the Templar treasures are hidden.  I am afraid that, should such a thing happen, our hands will be weak in assisting you and it will be nearly impossible to make an escape for you, should the prison find you.”
Laughing, de Molay replied, “I am an old man.  I have not always acted for the good graces of God, but have done and taken for myself what I wished for at the moment.  Have you not instructed me that all the living souls of mankind are the children of God, and does he not decide the good and bad for them?  Many of God’s children I have murdered and abused in my warring.  Many others I have bound in prisons with chains, chastising them with whips and scourges to satisfy my own holy passions.  If I am to be delivered to the torture chambers of the Pope’s prisons, then maybe it is God’s way of teaching me how I made his little children feel when I put their feet to the fire to extract needed information.”  He shook his head again, lifting his hand and placing it on de Chalon’s forearm.  “No, my friend, we shall wait here for whatever fate God allows to be delivered upon us.”
Lord Beaufort closed his eyes, slowly nodding as he recalled his own ordeal in Rome’s prison long ago.  “May such a future not be yours, but to go to your rest in quiet peace.”
Grinning, de Molay sat back.  “It is of little consequence either way.  Man’s life is short and plagued with suffering from within and without.  If an arrow or sword does not find its mark, then a drowning or fall does just as well.  And should one be unlucky enough to escape such a quick death, a cancer or long sickness may well await him.  In the end, it is all the same.  One is dead of this world, their fate now in another’s hands.  Now,” he slapped his hands on the table, “there is other, more pressing business to be concluded today.  I’m sure that you two gentlemen did not travel beyond worlds to merely offer us rescue.  There are matters of treasure and the survival of the Order that must be decided upon if the Knights Templar is to remain a viable entity in future days.”
Lord Bruxelles nodded.  “It has been for this reason we recommended some of your trusted court be here this day.  We must act with haste and in full secrecy.  I would wish that all of your Templar host might get away safely, but only with the most loyal among them is this treachery to be mentioned, else all secrecy be lost and fail we might.  Then all would be lost.”  He waxed apologetic.  “To save as many innocent as may be, we have arranged for troubadours to sound the alarm in the last hour to as many as possible so that all who can may make escape…to Switzerland and Portugal, possibly, neither nation having accepted King Philip’s request to join him in this conspiracy.”
Then standing, Bruxelles pointed at Gerard de Villiers.  “This fellow must make haste for La Rochelle to secure the Templar fleet and prepare for quick departure.”  Addressing the man, he reassured him, “Do not fear the ships of the French or English navies interfering with your activities.  The Guild fleets will not permit one of their ships to threaten you in any way.  Already, La Rochelle harbor is being clandestinely secured.  By this time, in two days, nothing will move in or out of that port without the Guild’s permission. 
“Now, for you fine fellows,” Bruxelles called out Hughues de Chalon and Jacques Cartier the Elder, “outside the city’s wall, near its northern market gate, you shall come in contact with a red-robed witch woman known to your enemies as the ‘Black Angel’.  She is a sorceress divine, daughter of the Black Virgin, having the powers to lower the Heavens or raise Hell.  Fear no man or demon while in her company, for even Lucifer flees from before her presence.  Go with this woman to save all the kindred that you may.
“Here is a list of trusted knights that you are to gather together.  Do this quickly, for they all must march on La Rochelle as one body, arriving at the city on the evening of Thursday, the twelfth of October.  With you, have them bring all the holy treasures of the Knights Templar, their horses, weapons, and close family, if they fear for their welfare.  Whatever the Black Angel commands you to do, do it quickly!  Then you might survive.”  He dismissed the two men, along with a mixed company of Templars and robed, hooded guards.
Turning to Christian Abar Dohn and Edmond Sinclair, Bruxelles pointed toward Lord Beaufort, frowning at the two young men.  “You two dandies have made quite a name for yourselves since your arrival on France’s shores!  I’m quite aware that, by now, you know where all the taverns are within a day’s ride of this city, and have undoubtedly gotten to know more than a few of the friendly French lasses seeking the company of such handsome fellows as yourselves.”  His eyes began to twinkle.  “This man here is Lord Beaufort. I doubt the oceans could contain the volume of mead and ale this man has consumed in his lifetime, and I imagine that many of the handsome lasses you handed your silver to for an affectionate kiss have been sired by that man!”
Christian and Edmond stood, mouths agape, staring at Lord Beaufort, attempting to comprehend who this man truly was.
Beaufort laughed, “Do not believe him, for I must say that the fellow does exaggerate a bit…a bit…although the French women can…can be quite exciting.  And it is true, there may be a lass or two out there with my blood flowing in her veins.”
Bruxelles smiled, not bothering to argue, other than, “A lass or two?  Let me only say this.  In the quiet of the evening’s firelight, when father’s gone off to bed, whisper Lord Beaufort’s name in your mother’s ear and watch the twinkle grow in her eye.  Now on to other business…
“Lord Beaufort is a traveled man who has many connections in these whereabouts, and you fellows have become a familiar sight among the locals.  You will blend in quite well, your goings and comings not being suspect other than that of drumming up business for your trading guild, or chasing after another fair maiden.  This will work to our advantage as the gold and silver of the Templars is gathered up to be secreted away from here.  Poor King Phillip will find no monies at all to fill his treasure house except for these thirty pieces of silver that Master de Molay will have in his possession.”
Beaufort strode up to the two men, giving them hardy handshakes.  “We must act quickly and with the utmost secrecy.  Tomorrow, before the sun has risen, we shall be on the road, messengers having already preceded us.  After we have collected all the treasury monies that are to be had… and I tell you, it is not just France that will be stripped of that wealth… we will make haste for La Rochelle where the fleet will be waiting our arrival.  Fear not, for Queen Monacan, from western lands beyond the Atlantean Sea, has decided to join us on this adventure.  Queen Monacan is feared nearly as much by the demon host as her mother, the Black Angel.  Stick faithfully to the road she places you on and you will be successful.”

*    *    *

The morning of Thursday, October the twelfth dawned chilly, with a gloomy fog that hung heavy upon the countryside surrounding the district of La Rochelle.  It was as if the sun had become afraid to release its glory, hiding everything in a shadowy ever-evening, going to sleep the night before and refusing to wake the following day.  The deathlike silence was intense, swallowing up morning sounds with a haunting disquiet.  Humble folk who lived along the byways or in tiny villages that led toward the city of La Rochelle hid behind bolted doors, not daring to leave their lighted hearths to even care for their animals locked securely in pen and barn.  Today was a day of fear and fright, of tribulation in the heart, to hide from the approaching dread that might soon be coming down the fog-enshrouded roadways.
 Rumors had earlier spread that an old priest had been exorcising demons from a maiden in a distant village built upon the graves of wild, heathen warriors, killed long ago in a futile battle against Saint Jude.  They were accidentally waked from their sleep by the old priest and were now marching toward the sea, to board the Devil’s ships for their journey into Hell.  This was confessed by strange, harried wayfarers earlier passing along the roadways, all affright, refusing to pause long enough to take a drink from the villages’ wells.  They warned that to even look at the evil wraiths, arisen to become the undead, demon spawn, froze one’s heart while stealing the person’s very soul, to be taken along as a captive slave into the bowels of the damning abyss.  The deathly quiet and impenetrable gloom of this early morning darkness only reinforced those horrid rumors.
So it was that when the creaking sounds of wagons and carts with muffled wheels, along with the slow clip-clop of beastly animals were heard approaching, anyone found outside the safety of secure dwellings fled in haste to conceal themselves, an occasional cry or howl coming from a person caught up in panicked flight.  From one village to the next, and then beyond to the next, it was the same.  No one dared stand in the streets, waiting to see what might be approaching, but hid shaking under their blankets or huddled near the burning hearth fire.  Had anyone been brave enough to be on the street, what they would have witnessed might well have frozen their hearts in fright.
Appearing out of the gloom were score upon score of wagons, all draped in black and pulled by hideous-looking beasts, great and small, their appearance being that of animals exhumed from septic pits many months after their burial.  There were also many mounted warriors carrying spears, swords, and axes, covered and hooded in black robes, shrouded in a hauntingly white mist in the ever-evening darkness, their horses covered with wide swaths of shimmering, ghostly, glowing green.
In the lead of this army of the undead rode a banshee queen, her hair aglow with the light of a blood moon, constantly muttering oaths and curses in a long-forgotten language that made windows and doors creak as though one was attempting to force entry.  All the while, the hearth fires would flicker and the flames from wicker lamps and candles would die.  Eyes of the hideous beast she sat burned red, like the fires of Hell, while fiery-red smoke belched from the animal’s nostrils, its iron hoofs beating upon the harden roadways like ancient drums gathering the people to war.  Its neighs and whinnies unnerved both man and beast, animals in their pens thrashing about in terror, their owners shaking, cowering on the hearth floors as the banshee woman passed by.
This ghostly procession of wagons, men, and beasts continued throughout the day.  No sooner had the streets become quiet after the passing procession than upon the road was heard another approaching, each more hideous and terrifying than the previous ones.  No soldiers barred the village gates or guarded the bridges, all too afraid to stand the sight of the demon horde.
By evening hour, the long trains of the demon army had begun entering the city of La Rochelle, its streets void of any life, all the doors securely bolted and windows shuttered.  Even the city priests hid in terror, report having already reached their ears that the Devil’s wife-queen, Babylon the Great, led the army of the undead this day, and that God, himself, had directed that the land was to be cleansed of disgusting, pagan filth so that the Church could reign again supreme in an unpolluted land.  It was also reported to them by three men who claimed to have been waylaid on the road by angels, that God had made a deal with the Devil, as he had with Job, to test the souls of men for one day, and the Devil had chosen the following day, Friday the thirteenth of October, to test the souls of all men, and that men with impure hearts would do deeds of evil intent.
By midnight, huge, blackened ships with furled sails and ghostly, red lights drifted through the harbor waters up to the quays, loading men, beasts, and wagons.  As soon as one had filled its hold, it would silently slip away from the pier and another would take its place.  So vast was this fleet of ships, the operation so efficiently run, that not one person or animal was left remaining who wished to leave the city.  By dawning the following day, the harbor was empty of all ships, clear to the horizon.  It was as if it had been a nightmare, many wondering what it had really been about.  What did remain on their minds was that this day, the thirteenth, was the Devil’s day…a day of bad luck…and only those with honest hearts would survive the day without defiling themselves.

*    *    *

Sunday morning, the fifteenth of October, dawned calm and quiet on the ocean.  The combined fleets of the Templars and Celtic Trading Guild, along with six black-hulled ships that belched smoke from strange center stacks, their sails furled, each flying a silver flag emblazed with a white swan encircled by seven golden stars, all sat quietly on the placid sea.  After communion services were completed and the crews were preparing to unfurl and trim the sails, anticipating a rising breeze, a heavy fog came rolling in from the west, consuming the ships in an impenetrable mist.  The commander over the fleet ordered horns blown to signal the ships to heave to until the fog lifted.
While the fleet waited for the fog to disappear, Queen Monacan and the woman known as the ‘Black Angel’ slowly strode the deck of a Templar capitol ship along with two men, Hughues de Chalon and Edmond Sinclair, all occasionally glancing off toward the western sea as they carried on quiet conversation.  At length, one of them pointed at the water as it began to froth with turbulence.  As the four watched intently, a giant, dark-hulled, iron monster slowly rose from the depths, its length and breadth much greater than the ship it was surfacing near.
Queen Monacan cheerfully called out to the distraught crew, “Fear not, for see the swan and the seven stars painted on the boat’s tower above the name ‘Grey Lady’!  So has arrived our friend and ally who fights beside us in the ever war against the evil of Lucifer.”
Their excitement and dread slowly subsided when those aboard saw hatches open on the back of the beast and people came out who looked little different than they did, other than wearing distinctive clothing.  When a person emerged from an opening in the tower and Queen Monacan hailed him, waving heartily as he waved back, grinning, people on board accepted that this truly was one of the mystery machines rumored to protect the trading fleets plying these waters.  Soon small inflatable boats, loaded with sailors from the big boat, were making their way toward the Templar ship.
In short order, a man introduced as ‘Admiral Tomassie’ stood upon the deck of the Templar ship, offering salutations and shaking hands with the captain and officers.  “It is a pleasure to make the acquaintance of such an outstanding officer as yourself, Captain!  Your reputation for fine seamanship and loyalty to the trading guilds has preceded you.”
The captain’s face flushed with gratitude and surprise to think he was known to the admiral.  Surprises continued as he introduced his officers, the admiral calling each man by name and commenting about some good quality or act of conduct of the fellow.  When all the introductions were completed, with the admiral presenting his accompanying officers to the captain and his men, Queen Monacan joined the group, speaking of the need to soon be about their business.
Edmond Sinclair called to his companion, Christian Abar Dohn, for him and others to bring up some certain chests from the ship’s hold.  In a few minutes, six heavy, wooden chests with iron hasps and locks were sitting on the deck beside Edmond.  He extended a hand, motioning toward the chests while addressing Admiral Tomassie.  “Before you are the monies from Atlantis that you long ago loaned us to begin our banking business, something that has proved quite profitable, but has now come to a finish.  I was told there was no stipulation placed on the monies, but as a gift they were given.  We, for our part, have not viewed it as such a thing, but as a generous loan.  So here, with interest, we are returning Atlantis’ gold to you so that it may one day again be put to good use as it has done for us.”
Admiral Tomassie smiled, bowing as he spoke.  “Atlantis will again rise, and the name ‘Templar’ will not be forgotten in that day.  For you and your kind, a new journey has begun.  Bankers?  No.  Yet even greater will your future be for by your own hands will New Atlantis be built.  In the midst of your enemies, and by their very might, will you wield the axe to build the city anew.  And, in future days, all the nations will come to it to gain refreshment from the evils of wicked men.”
He looked over at Christian.  “Please remember who you are, for one day your kindred will return to the forgotten lands of your fathers’ birthing.  There they will make names for themselves, remembering the lands which they left behind in the east while learning about the worlds to which they first came.”  Christian bowed, “My Lord…”  Although he did not understand at all what had been spoken about him, and he dared not ask a thing concerning it, the man long treasured the words, hoping that, within his lifetime, an understanding might be gained regarding them.
Everyone then sat down to business, deciding the fate of the Templar passengers and future of the Celtic Trading Guild.  From this meeting there arose a consensus that the Celtic Trading Guild would limit their business to Scotland, Portugal, Holland, and a few of the former Norse territories, only trading in whale oil, baleen, seal furs, fish, and some lumber from western lands, copper and iron no longer being exported from there.   Those of the Guild not finding such business to their liking could join the other Venetian trading guilds in their Far East trade.
The Templars also chose to divide up.  A large number joined Edmond Sinclair and Christian Abar Dohn, going to Scotland and allying themselves with its kings.  Hughues de Chalon took to the seas south and east, settling down in Portugal, assisting with the reestablishment of the Knights Templars in that country.  A few hardy souls chose to return to Europe clandestinely, primarily to Holland, Sweden, and Norway.  The remainder of the host decided to hoist sails for western lands with Gerard de Villiers and Jacques Cartier the Elder to contribute their talents to the building of their New Jerusalem.

(Author’s note… Over the next several years, Gerard de Villiers and Jacques Cartier the Elder extensively explored the eastern coastlines of lands in the west, to the point of mapping out the lands of ice in the north and south.  Some of these maps eventually found their way to Spain and Portugal, where later explorers used copies to guide them on their adventures.) 

The morning hurried along and it soon came time to leave, the admiral offering his farewells.  Along with him went Queen Monacan, the Black Angel, and several other robed men and women.  Grey Lady slowly sank beneath the waves, leaving only a few bubbles and a small, oily slick as evidence that she had ever been there.  Fog had shrouded the fleet so that only those few on the one ship witnessed Grey Lady’s arrival or departure.  The six black-hulled ships hurried off to the north and west, three heading for Scotland, and the others toward western worlds.  With sails still furled, they raced away, soon disappearing over the horizon.

So ended an old chapter for Europe and the western world, and the beginning of a new one.  No longer would kings be allowed a free hand in the rise and fall of nations, or freely decide their own fated roads as they had since before the days Julius Caesar crossed the Rubicon.  From this time forward, the worlds of men and angels would race toward the finish line, to see who would gain Atlantis’ crown.  The secret was revealed, for out of innocence or deceitfulness…it makes little difference…the report of Edmond Sinclair returning the gold of Atlantis to the Haudenosaunez divulged the truth to all who had understanding.  Atlantis was not forever gone, but was to rise again, and whoever controlled Atlantis would control the world.

Other minds, dark and sinister, saw yet other directions to take matters if the Fates held Atlantis out of their reach.  After all, was the true objective of the Great Lucifer not to retake possession of the very Heavens?  Earth had never been more than a little bauble beside the sparkling jewel, EdenEsonbar, the gem of gems, the eternal flame.  What then was Earth’s real value other than a tool to assist in obtaining the greatest of all objectives, the very throne of Heaven, the Palace of Life where immortality, itself, resided?  To use Earth up in accomplishing that purpose was of little consequence to these dark minds conjuring up visions of glory and power for themselves.
So, what of it, if Atlantis might be beyond their reach?  True, the city of the gods was a prize worth pursuing, but it was not worth placing all the eggs in one basket in hopes to attain it.  There was something up with that Sodasonie and her Haudenosaunez minions.  That witch was privy to secrets that she had revealed to those monkey creatures, strategies and battle plans for the resurrection and seizure of the golden city.  Well, who cared for Atlantis?  Who needed it?  If the world of men was to be only a tool used to attain the kingdom of the Heavens, then forget Atlantis and be on with the making of a mutant army to invade those very Heavens.
But wait.  Why had that witch woman and her Haudenosaunez kept alive the spirit of Atlantis for all these eons of time?  What secrets did they hold for the need of the city’s rebirth?  One person thought he knew, yet was always too afraid to reveal those beliefs to anyone, for fear he might lose his one chance to wrest control of the universe from his less deserving, older brother.  Two creatures who walked about clothed in the flesh of lowly women convinced him of one of those truths.  The heart of Atlantis was not consumed in the destruction of the old city, but was stolen away by that ChuphoeTobanahazz, his wife being one of those Haudenosaunez.  The Black Angel’s and her daughter Hyhoset’s astounding powers must be coming from heart’s immortal energy.  Yet, if they already possessed the weapon’s power, why bother with Atlantis?  There must be something more to it.
The answer suddenly came to him.  So tricksy those Haudenosaunez were!  Why had no one seen it before?  That was the sure answer!  It would explain why the Black Angel had not reached out to the Heavens to bring it to ruination when she had the power to do so.  Some or all of the Haudenosaunez had conspired to become the future gods of the universe, taking the treasures of the Palace on EdenEsonbar for themselves after they brought to a finish the powers of the Heavens and subjected any survivors to eternal slavery.
Atlantis must rise to become their capital city, to gather all loyal men and angels to it, setting themselves up as gods over the planet with the use of Atlantis’ gold, once they had won over Lucifer’s Hormaxian servants to their schemes.  When that was accomplished, the Black Angel and her cohorts would feel nothing was impossible for them.   From Atlantis, they would lift up their swords, using the energy of the Heart of Atlantis, marching their own armies of mutant warriors into the Heavens to bring those worlds to ruin.
The liege master who had given Queen Nidgha the Heart of Atlantis pondered what unknown glory might exist within it.  It had to be something the Black Angel and her daughter had tapped into, making them mightier even than the great Gabrielle!  Was it possible the Heart possessed powers that might be greater than those in the palace, even Erithia’s (Lowenah)?  Or was it possible that the Heart of Atlantis…a machine Legion had stolen from the very depths of Eden…was the very energy driver behind the powers of the palace, its being missing the very reason Erithia had not defeated Alithea in her warring against him?  If that might be the case, then he must regain the machine at any and all cost, playing the game out into the days of New Atlantis, if necessary, to obtain it.
As for the Black Angel’s battle strategy?  The person laughed to himself.  This was nearly the same plan as Alithea’s (Asotos), except there would be a different dictator leading the rebel armies.  So which might be the better, wiser course to take?  For now, it might be better to wait upon the enemy, to see what the Black Angel’s next move would be.  Possibly, at some future date, should events come about to make it advantageous, he might offer to join forces with the Haudenosaunez with the promise of delivering his armies to assist in their Heavenly quest.  That he would save for future consideration.
In the meantime, he would scatter his lieges and minions throughout the world of men so they could observe whatever the Haudenosaunez might be fomenting, then report back to him.  He would even have to infiltrate his own Hormaxian organization, the man not trusting their exclusive loyalties, seeing that Salak and Godden had long used them for their own purposes.  And who knew what interest Alithea might have with it!  Trusting no one, he dared not risk any of them catching wind of his activities.  No, this must remain completely secret, requiring a new, clandestine, secret organization loyal only to him…and known only to him.
So, what to do?  The world of men must be permitted to stumble forward on its own, the liege master sitting in the shadows, watching, searching for any possible Haudenosaunez involvement that might reveal the direction they were taking toward changing times and seasons.  He would utilize his lieges to the full. They were completely trustworthy, being intelligent machines to do his bidding.  His human minions must remain ignorant stooges, never trusted, merely useful idiots who would blindly follow whatever orders given them.
How to keep this new organization secret?  The cults of the Hormaxians could not be tampered with or influenced from their fated course.  After all, he did not know to what degree Alithea might be involved in their activities.  Alithea would notice the least change in that body, should someone interfere with them.  The Sons of Hormax must be permitted to blunder on blindly in their attempt to create his older brother’s New World Order.  They too, like every other Earthly order or political establishment, would need to be infiltrated to learn whatever revelations they might uncover.
The liege master sat back, pondering.  What to call his new organization?  Well, if Atlantis, his former child stolen from him could be regenerated by the Haudenosaunez, what of his other wondrous achievement, Babylon, a precious jewel he had so treasured, Erithia bringing it to ruin at the height of its glory?  So it would be.  The new organization that would eventually rule the world in the shadows would be ordained ‘Babylon’…‘Babylon the Great’, the zenith of his Zaelock creation.  He would take a personal hand in seeing to its rebirth by delivering into it the very Heart of Atlantis, bringing it to full maturity to rule the entire universe.  Tricky it would be to hide from his older brother, but Alithea was rather dull-witted, lacking the keen shrewdness of his younger sibling.
So the die was cast.  There was to be no turning back.  The horns had been blown, the charge committed to.  A new power was soon to rise that would eventually consume the entire world of men.  From the shadows of the wilderness, it would rule until, as his wifely consort, it would eventually climb the beast’s back to consume the worlds below and above in its witching majesty.
The liege master slowly stood, smiling as he rubbed his tired eyes.  Tonight he would dream in sweet content, envisioning the worlds to come, with him holding high the scepter as he sat on the great throne beneath Gradian’s Clock in the palace on EdenEsonbar.

*   *   *

After the Knights Templar departed for their various destinies, the Haudenosaunez melted into the shadows, quietly guiding the hands of fate toward the birth of New Atlantis while permitting the kings of the Earth their hour of undisturbed rule.  The children of the Heavens focused their attention back toward the Upper Realms where war again broke out, only passively involving themselves in the Lower Realms.  The Hormaxians, on the other hand, were now split into several minor houses, vying for control of the order and consumed with the affairs of men.
With the arrest of the Templar leadership came the disintegration of the European banking system.  Trade between nations, even territories and cities became stifled and, at times, nearly nonexistent.  Sea trade slowed to a standstill, ships rotting at their quays for lack of funds to pay able seamen to man them.  Script disappeared, while gold and silver took on new and often confusing meaning, their value often dependent upon the merchants doing the buying and selling.  Without established values on monies and goods, few could risk shipping large quantities of product great distances, even with lucrative contracts, for fear that time and circumstances would make them null and void by the time the product arrived.
With diminished trade came reduced travel, nations and peoples becoming more isolated, opening the door for greedy despots to seduce the people to lift them up to power.  All this led to a new Dark Age that swept over Europe, filling the hearts of men with discontent, which led to wars and rebellions.  It was during this tempestuous time that the already tenuous alliance of the Hormaxian houses fractured into rival groups, wrestling for control of the entire house.
The Eastern Orthodoxy and Roman clerics continued to contentiously push against one another for dominance.  To the west, across the Mediterranean into Spain, the Moors continued their campaign against Christian enclaves.  Spain and Portugal were consumed by constant warring, fending off invaders while attempting to regain their lost territories from them.  England was flexing its muscles to conquer France, and possibly all of Western Europe, if opportunity afforded itself.
In the meantime, China was extending its web across oceans, with eyes on the southern belly of Europe, for control of the sea trade along the Atlantic coast and into the Mediterranean Sea.  It was also expanding its colonies in the western Southlands, pushing east, over the mountains, into the interior in search of new conquests.  The inhabitants of the Southlands beyond the mountains resisted China’s invading armies, fighting many great and exhaustive battles until their dead could be counted by the thousands of thousands.
All of this world upheaval was being perpetrated by the various sects of the Hormaxian houses struggling for supreme power.  To the winner went all but, at the moment, none possessed the means to accomplish such a feat.  Without the assistance of their cosmic overlords, no one house could overcome all the others.  Things would have to play out over time.  Only time could bring success and declare a winner.
Some decades into this tumultuous era, there arose a Hormaxian king-priest, QuxialHiahodal, who raised an impressive army that marched against the Chinese, holding several cities on the eastern side of the Southland Mountains.  For three months, his army and the Chinese clashed in a continuous series of bloody battles.  QuxialHiahodal’s army was finally crushed near the headwaters of what was later to be called the ‘Amazon River’.  The Hormaxian king-priest fled east along with the few remaining hundreds of his once grand military, the Chinese not pursuing because it, too, was exhausted from the contest.  There, in one of his far eastern sanctuaries, QuxialHiahodal immersed himself in hidden chambers beneath one of the Hormaxian temples, searching for another way to bring the Chinese under their control.
QuxialHiahodal’s older brother, HiholtalHiahodal, was a high Hormaxian priest in the House of the Black Hearts who sat the Council of One Hundred-Eighty before the Order splintered some years earlier.  He not only was trained in many of the Hormaxian secret incantations, spells, and magical powers that were used to hold the common people in subjection, the man was also involved in the blood experiments the priests of the Southlands dabbled with in their secret laboratories.  He also had access to long ago records concerning plagues and sicknesses that could attack specific races of people.  He presented to his brother the prospect that a blood sickness might be found to be used against the Chinese, one that would not harm their own people.
Over the following months, HiholtalHiahodal labored tirelessly to develop a blood sickness that would only infect people of Oriental heritage, the man in a race against time, fearing Chinese armies might soon again be on their march east.  At last, he stood, smiling, with a vial in his hand that contained a sickness that would attack the enemy while not affecting the Southland natives.  At least that appeared to be the case.  Under ordinary circumstances, many controlled tests over extended periods of time would be done to make sure the blood sickness lived up to expectations and that there were no unintended consequences once the sickness was released into the open.  Reports that the Chinese army was preparing to move out from its winter camp forced plans for such tests to be scrapped.
So it came about, on a moonless night while the Chinese armies quietly slept along the deep river waterways, black-robed men hauled cages filled with rodents infected with HiholtalHiahodal’s blood sickness.  There, in the darkness of late evening, a silent death was unleashed upon a hapless foe having no defense against the coming plague.  Within days, thousands of men and camp followers were consumed, dying in horrid, painful ways.  The lucky ones fell to the sickness almost instantly, sometimes being struck down as they stood, speaking.  The others?   Oh, the others…does not the historian’s tale describe the terrible fates meted out to the world of innocent men after the plague reached the shores of China first and then moved west, until Europe was swept with it?
Oh yes, in time HiholtalHiahodal’s blood sickness broke through the racial barrier, caring not for any race of men, reaching into every corner of the world.  The irony of this all was that the very weapon used to defeat the Southland invaders eventually turned itself upon its progenitors, decimating entire cities and territories, the jungle swallowing up the works of these people, turning their worlds into mysteries that future generations would long ponder over.  The rise of the Aztecs was a direct result of rampant destruction, the people having greater immunity than most, in time, moving into lands emptied by the sickness.
Eventually the blood sickness, now raging throughout every race of men, found its way from Europe into western lands.  Whether it came from rodents stowed away on a fishing or trading scow, or an infected person making passage on one of those ships, the Northlands in the west were soon being devastated as the disease raced across the land.
It was during the height of this plague that a multitude of tribal leaders from all the surrounding clans gathered together at Kondakandea after news reached them that their great chief, Sonawahtusunnee, had taken ill with the black sickness.
Smoke from countless smudge fires hung heavy upon the village in hope that it might prevent the sickness from spreading.  Already, nearly half of the villagers were dead or violently ill from the malady, with little hope for others still uninfected.  This fact mattered little to the tribal leaders collected here for, across the entire territory, news was the same.  There was no safe haven to escape this deadly monster.
Great Chief Sonawahtusunnee was suffering from a high fever that made him delusional in his semiconscious state.  Fearing the demise of their leader, a multitude of people had collected in the open courtyard in front of his longhouse to sing, dance, and offer public prayers to the Great Spirit on behalf of the man.
It was not just to beseech the Great Spirit on behalf of their chief that the elders had journeyed to Kondakandea in this desperate hour.  When news reached the ears of people, both near and far, that the great chief had been stricken with the sickness, they sent their most prominent leaders to gather for a moot, to decide what was to be done should the man die.  Seeing that most who fell ill with the sickness lived a very short time, those arriving after some weeks of travel were surprised and shocked to learn that Sonawahtusunnee still lived, though the man clung to life only by a thread.  After the greater number of the tribes was collected at Kondakandea, the leaders decided to hold a council meeting at the city’s moot hall to make preparations should Sonawahtusunnee be consumed in death.
Great chief Sonawahtusunnee had two grown sons, twins, both men proving to be strong and valiant, ‘Hikucosbonnii’ and ‘Hiawatha’ being their names.  Hikucosbonnii was the eldest twin, taller than his brother, with the features of his Chinese grandmother and physical might of the sons of Meric.  Hiawatha, too, was taller than most, but not as his brother.  His features were softer, like those of his great grandmother, a Scot, also having her red hair.  Both men were handsome, highly intelligent, and deeply respected.  Already they sat on the council among the other elders of the village.  Hikucosbonnii was also married, with a son born to him.  Hiawatha had not yet chosen a wife for himself.
The major difference between these two men was their personalities.  Hikucosbonnii was outspoken, often dominating the conversation with his charismatic demeanor and persuasive speech.  He would politely listen to others, but should his mind be fixed on a matter, he doggedly argued it, using whatever means necessary to convince the people that his was the right and wise course to follow.  He could be an outstanding ally, but also a very formidable foe.  Leading the charge rather than following another was his preference, his passion to be out in front, getting the people to do his will.  This aggressive personality did not detract from the other traits he possessed, because the man was very brave and courageous, having a reputation for being a good hunter and fearless contender.  The younger and timid of heart looked up to Hikucosbonnii for these reasons.
Hiawatha was more reserved, leaning less upon his own personal opinion, attempting to find wisdom in the words and views of others.  But he was not weak-willed and would cling strongly to his chosen road, if he believed it to be correct.  As a statesman, few could compare, the man’s speech hypnotic and persuasive.  Still, he lacked the explosive pageantry that so impressed the people, for few are the men who seek wisdom over entertainment.  While Hikucosbonnii mesmerized the people with his explosive theatrics and winsome, emotional speech, Hiawatha sought to convince with reason and logic.  Although this was a virtue with many of the aged elders, the younger people found Hiawatha a rather boring fellow when standing beside the council fire.
So it came about that when the council came to choose a great chieftain to take the place of Sonawahtusunnee, should he die from the sickness or be unable to lead his people any longer, the elders selected Hikucosbonnii to become their new great chief.  Hiawatha was made the high medicine man and shaman among the clans of the children of Haudenosaunez and, although his voice was to be heard in the moot halls with the authority of his older twin brother, Hikucosbonnii was to be the final decision-maker.
Another important point to make was that Hikucosbonnii already harbored a grudge toward the ‘Norse’, the descendants of settlers who arrived from Europe during the days when Son ruled over the former lands of Meric, also including any peoples allying themselves to them.  Hikucosbonnii resented the culture of those people, their vast cities, ways of agriculture, and countless domestic animals.  He detested the wide roads and large trading scows that traversed the many rivers, and the damming of smaller waters…generally any form of European culture delivered into these western lands.  Already there had been a few confrontations that had led to violence…confrontations that Hikucosbonnii approved of and had, on occasion, participated in.
At the time Hikucosbonnii was made high chief over the children of Haudenosaunez, there was already a division growing between peoples, clans, and tribes.  Unlike his father, YingYang SpringWinter, Sonawahtusunnee was not a strong chieftain.  Although a good and wise leader, he did not hold the people to the ways and instruction of Son Haudenosaunez, a unifying force that bonded the people to a common ideology and nationhood, transcending culture and religious persuasion.  Sonawahtusunnee did not compel the people to follow this line of thinking, loosening his oversight of the shamans to continue to teach all the clans and tribes the way of Son Haudenosaunez, enforcing the importance of peace through brotherhood.  In time, this led to a separation of clans and tribes, lured away by smooth words of men lifting themselves up to prominence through religious or ethnic reasoning, declaring their viewpoints to be more righteous and holy than their neighbors.
Hikucosbonnii and Hiawatha both saw the growing rift among the people of the land of Meric.  With Hikucosbonnii’s approval, Hiawatha immediately began a campaign of revival among the shamans to speak the words of Son Haudenosaunez in the ears of all the people living in the land, to preach the idea of brotherhood in every tribe and village.  But for the many, it was too late, the ways of the Jews and Orthodox Christianity so deeply ingrained in the newer immigrants of the children of the Norse so as to cause a rejection of any beliefs that did not agree with those teachings.
The tribes and clans of the Genesee, Allegany, and Suquehanna, for the most part, accepted the shamans into their towns and villages, strengthening Hikucosbonnii’s hand so that soon the tribes now calling themselves ‘Haudenosaunez’, or ‘Sons of Haudenosaunez’ became the most numerous and powerful among the clans and tribes in the Land of Meric.  Though this greatly strengthened his influence, Hikucosbonnii refrained from forcing his will upon the tribes outside the Haudenosaunez clans, listening to the voice of his brother, to maintain the peace with the surrounding people, for it had been the will of Son Haudenosaunez, YingYang SpringWinter, and their father, Sonawahtusunnee, to maintain peace and freedom that so many had long ago fought and died for.  Throughout that year and into the next, Hikucosbonnii continued to listen to his brother and also his father, who was now out and about, but still crippled from the sickness.

It was in the spring, when the wild, pungent greens burst forth from their winter sleep that traders journeying from the Ohio regions pushed up the Allegany and into Genesee territory, offering cold-forged copper axes and hammered copper cook pots in exchange for furs trapped during the cold winter months.  They set up camp along the riverbank outside Kondakandea, the villagers bringing their trade goods, blankets, furs, skins, and other such crafted items made during the long, northern winter to trade.  For twelve days, the traders carried on their business with the local population, trappers coming from the surrounding areas to exchange their furs for copper goods.
In the early daylight hours of the thirteenth day, several trappers and their families traveling in from the western lakes region arrived at the traders’ camp to exchange furs for other goods, only to find the camp abandoned the previous night, apparently in great haste, leaving many furs and trade goods behind.  Exploring the empty camp, much to their horror, the trappers discovered three dead bodies, victims of the sickness.  In a panic, several of the people rushed to the village of Kondakandea, sounding alarm over what they found, while others took to burning everything in the abandoned camp.  Within a matter of days, the ravages of the sickness again swept the region, in countless villages the wailing of the living having to watch loved ones die filling the sky from sunrise to the sunset.
Hikucosbonnii had been at Onondaga, his birth home, at the yearly great spring moot when news reached his ears that the sickness was sweeping the regions of the Genesee.  Hurrying home, he was stricken with grief to find that his son and pregnant wife had both succumbed to the dreadful disease.  His grief quickly turned to rage, the man stirring up the same in the hearts of his fellows.  In a rush, he and his confederates returned to Onondaga, with the savage murder and ruination of any Norse found along the way.  Upon reaching Onondaga village, he sent out mounted messengers and runners to all the Haudenosaunez towns and villages for chieftains and warriors to gather at Onondaga for a moot.  When Hiawatha, known to his people at this time as ‘Ayawentha’, received the report he, along with a large band of warriors, departed Canajoharie to join the moot.

Although Sonawahtusunnee still retained the title of high chief, he no longer carried its staff because of his poor health after his bout with the sickness.  Hikucosbonnii now carried it, brandishing the staff about the council house, often shaking it violently as he exclaimed the need to ‘remove the murdering Norse from our lands’.  Hiawatha, along with a few of the elder chiefs, stood and argued against a war of annihilation, stating that YingYang SpringWinter had long ago placed an oath upon all the children of Haudenosaunez to live in peace with children of the Norse, because they had helped deliver them from the evil warlords of the Southlands.  He also pointed out that the Norse had not escaped the sickness, but had suffered as greatly as their own people.
This did not set well with Hikucosbonnii and his supporters.  As the day waned into evening darkness, growing shouts and demands for war only increased, accusing, “They have polluted our lands, cut down our forests, and stolen our wild game from us!  They care not for our ways or the ways of our forefathers, but throw down in the dirt all that we hold sacred!  They delivered this plague upon us so they could weaken us in mind and body so that they might then come and murder our people and take our inheritance for themselves!”
Finally, in the wee hours of the morning, when a potential, murderous division was beginning to occur between the many who cried for war and the few who resisted such a thing, Hiawatha stood up, holding high the club of war.  He shouted, “Brothers!  My brothers!  Are we not all one flesh, one body?  Should the hand say to the foot, when it treads down a dangerous path, that it is no longer part of the body?  Will the hand attempt to depart from it?  No indeed, but it will go along to where the foot takes it, and it will do whatever is needed to support the body when the foot delivers it to its destination.  So, too, shall I and these others with me surrender to your direction and go alongside you in this quest, remaining part of this body.  For good or ill, we shall do this thing.”
At that, the war whoop went up and the council fire was extinguished, Hikucosbonnii declaring it not to be lit again until all the ‘evil rabble’ was removed from their world.
The following morning, Hikucosbonnii led his army out of Onondaga, gathering in strength as he moved east, the army’s destination the cities and villages located on the Atlantean coast.  “That is where we will cut off the head of the snake, devouring the body once the fangs have been removed!”
 Hiawatha was elected to be chief of a large force of Mohawks, his band going south and moving east along what was later to be called the ‘Iroquois Trail’, his warring against the southernmost estates of the Templar settlements.  When successful there, he would move north to join up with the main army near what would one day be called ‘Newport’.  Hikucosbonnii was instrumental in his brother receiving this assignment, believing that Hiawatha would openly resist the policy decisions made to take Newport City.  By recommending Hiawatha go to the south, giving him a free hand in dealing with the inhabitants there, Hikucosbonnii was also free to decide the fates of his enemy at Newport, without his brother’s protests.

Newport City had a large habitation that, along with the many rural farms and smaller villages, supported a population of several thousand people.  Established by the Templars some years before as a sanctuary city for peace-loving people, often called ‘New Jerusalem’ by the older Templar host who had long ago escaped Europe for this land.  Being established as a city of peace and refuge, it was home to wayfarers from many different countries in Europe and the Mediterranean basin.  Over some several years since its founding, the city had been witness to a large outward migration of immigrants seeking freedom from oppressive national and religious leaders.  These migrations had taken them into the interior of this new land, along the many waterways until the people had reached as far as the Aosolagessa and its tributaries.  Still, the power of politics and commerce remained in Newport City.
Hikucosbonnii knew that the population of Newport City was too great to confront in open combat.  Even though its inhabitants were peaceful, and the city had no standing army, there were many former soldiers living in the city, and the Templar guard was stationed there.  A direct assault against the city, should the defenders be prepared and alert, would be costly at best.  If the defenders were well enough prepared, it might be impossible to take and for Hikucosbonnii, Newport was only the ‘head of the snake’.  His army needed to remain strong and intact after Newport, if he was to accomplish his mission to the full.

Unlike cities of Europe that were densely populated, often with medieval fortress walls and even moats, Newport was comprised of many small family farms and tiny hamlets dispersed across the countryside.  The city proper was relatively small, really little more than a large, unfortified town grown up around lesser villages.  This very arrangement of matters created a rather suburban environment with a small palisade at its center, where one would find the city’s council chambers, law offices, and other official buildings, the most noticeable being the Templar’s worship center.  There might be two or three dozen militia or Templar guards garrisoned there at any given time.  Other than that, except for an irregularly trained, citizen army and two ancient Chinese bombards located near the main entrance to the palisade grounds, used only in times of celebration, Newport was defenseless.
 Ransalare Cartier was acting magistrate over the Newport City district during this time.  Already, reports had reached him regarding trouble along the Genesee and Allegany rivers, but they had been sketchy, at best.  When news came regarding a large army approaching from the west, he was not too concerned, hearing that it had quietly passed by many small settlements, saving their inhabitants harmless.  What the children of Haudenosaunez were seeking to do, Cartier was not sure, but as of now there was no real indication that war and violence was their intention.  Why should there be?  The sons of Haudenosaunez and the families from European stock had resided peacefully together for several generations, any disputes quickly settled in their moot halls.  Whatever might be the issue was obviously of great importance to the children of Haudenosaunez.
Cartier considered it prudent to gather the city’s elders together to discuss the matter at hand.  Several suggestions were brought forward.  Among them was a proposition to withdraw the population of Newport from the surrounding area and bring them into the city, possibly even constructing earthworks and palisades around the city.  This plan was rejected for fear that it might lead to unnecessary violence should the children of Haudenosaunez be greeted in such a hostile manner.  After all, the children of Haudenosaunez had long been visitors to Newport, it being an opened city, welcoming all who came here.  Long had they brought trade goods, furs, robes, tobacco, copper and such to exchange for axes, knives, iron tools, blankets, and the like.  Many of the peoples in Newport were related to the children of Haudenosaunez.
Another idea was to send out an armed military contingent, including some of the city’s leaders, stationing them along the main thoroughfares leading into Newport, stopping the advancing army…if it was an army…to find out the reason for their approach.  If it was war and violence the children of Haudenosaunez were seeking, the military could buy the city time to prepare for upcoming battle.  This plan, too, was rejected, for fear that it might lead to needless hostilities.  Also a plan to do nothing was rejected, there being concern that the children of Haudenosaunez might become offended, because of the lack of respect shown to them and their cause.
After a great deal of debate, the course finally accepted was to invite the approaching host to a banquet celebration, to come to sit and break bread, while also providing musical entertainment and fine gifts.  So the people set about quickly to make preparation for their approaching guests, slaughtering the finest of animals, fishes, clams and crustaceans, and gathering the best of the fruits and vegetables, filling long banquet tables that lined the streets of the city and villages with all these delightful edibles.  Then, when the army of the children of Haudenosaunez was less than a day away, many of the older men of the city went out to greet the new arrivals.

Hikucosbonnii was thrilled when he was told that the high chief, Ransalare Cartier, was leading a contingent of Newport’s chieftains out to meet them.  “This is wonderful news!” Hikucosbonnii’s cousin, Chief Three Bears, exclaimed, “We can quickly fall upon them, leaving the others leaderless and in confusion!  The city will then quickly surrender to our warriors!”
Hikucosbonnii shook his head.  “No.  We must greet the Norse chiefs with respect and dignity.  Their people are not like our people.  Never leaderless are they, but always is there chief upon chief, the people gathering behind each new chief until gaining the victory or suffering defeat.”  He cautioned, “We must put on the pretense of peace so that they will feel no dread and will invite us to enter their cities, their lodges. Then, when they have become convinced that we come in peace, we shall spring our trap!”
He then commanded runners to hurry to all the chiefs over the army to remove the war paint from the faces of the warriors, telling them to greet the Norse with stern acceptance, as though being offended over some matter, but willing and eager to come to some peaceful resolution.  “Sheath the arrows and unstring the bow, hide in your blanket roll the fighting knife and war axe!  Do not speak any hostile words to the Norse, but act as one wounded in pride over a grievance.  Wishing to peacefully settle the matter, present yourselves.”

Ransalare Cartier’s entourage included four newly arrived men from the isles of the Scots: David Drummond and Gwen Gunn along with two brothers, Robert Dohn and Kasily Sinclair, the brothers sired by the same father but with two different mothers, the younger carrying his mother’s family name of ‘Dohn’.  David Drummond was no stranger to Hikucosbonnii and several of the other chiefs, the man having spent several years living with the children of Haudenosaunez before returning to Saint-Sulpice to arrange for the passage of several immigrants seeking religious asylum in the lands of New Jerusalem.  Only a fortnight before, Drummond and his three fellow companions had arrived at Newport with one hundred fifty souls who had been in hopes of traveling the rivers into the Ohio regions before winter, but were now hunkered down in Newport, waiting on the resolution of current events.
Chief Hikucosbonnii took advantage of David Drummond’s presence.  Having spent many carefree days in each other’s company in their younger years, he heartily greeted him, affectionately embracing the man, while reminiscing about their adventures together.  His actions toward David quickly convinced Cartier and the others that the children of Haudenosaunez were desirous to maintain good relations with them, wanting to settle any grievances quickly and amicably.  Accepting the chief’s offer of sharing pipeweed together, the company sat down under the forest oaks to confirm their friendship.
The following morning, Cartier invited Chief Hikucosbonnii and those with him to celebrate this friendship renewal at Newport where fattened cattle had been roasted and summer vittles have been prepared aplenty.  “We can sit around the council fire in our moot hall to settle whatever grievances may exist between us.”
“Yes, my brother,” Hikucosbonnii agreed with a smile.  “It is a good thing that our business can be concluded with celebration!  Peace is my desire, to settle matters so that peace will fill the lands of my forefathers.”
Cartier bowed low, gifting Hikucosbonnii with his sword as a sign of his respect for the children of Haudenosaunez.  The two men then gripped each other’s lower arms in friendship.  Soon the entire party, along with the warrior host, was gathered in celebration throughout the many towns and villages within the district.  Hikucosbonnii and his delegation took part in the merry-making in Newport city, he and his fellow chiefs seated as guests within the Templar chapel in a palisaded courtyard.  That night, the Haudenosaunez guests were invited to bed down in the many barns scattered throughout the district, the celebration to continue over the following days.
Early the next morning, runners arrived from the south, delivering news to Chief Hikucosbonnii that his brother, Hiawatha, was already heading north, having destroyed several coastal towns and taken many hostages.
Unhappy over the news that his brother had taken so many prisoners instead of dispatching them, and disappointed that Hiawatha had completed his objectives so quickly, Hikucosbonnii took counsel with a few of his head chiefs over the unfolding of events further to the south.  He confessed, disturbed, “If already runners from our southern armies have arrived here to provide report, how soon may it be before escapees arrive to inform the Norse of what has happened?!  Surely, if such a thing should take place, then a great battle will be forced if we are to take this city, with the loss of many of our bravest warriors!  The campaign has only begun!  We cannot afford to weaken our arm at such an early time!”
There was some debate before an old, grizzled chief from the northern lakes region, One Eye Crooked Face… the man having long ago been mauled by an angry bear… a staunch supporter of Hikucosbonnii, suggested not to change their battle plans. “They are sound ones!  Move the time up to this very night!  Send orders to encourage a hearty celebration today.  Make the strong drink flow freely so that the people will become drunk in their merriment, but command our warriors to only pretend to drink and become drunk.  Then, in the early morning darkness, have them rise up and go slaughtering our enemy as they lay in their drunkenness!”
Chief One Eye Crooked Face’s counsel was pleasing to Hikucosbonnii and those present.  Soon orders were sent to all the other chiefs to have their warriors do just so.  It came about then, by persuasive speech, that Ransalare Cartier accepted the children of Haudenosaunez’ call for a day of great celebration to cement an everlasting brotherhood between the two peoples.  Dancing, feasting, and strong drink consumed the day far into evening darkness, the people partying with carefree abandon because of the many promises made for peace between them.  By midnight, the city and its outlying towns and villages were still, sounds of deep slumber filling the darkness.
In the early morning hours, before the dawning of the sun, Haudenosaunez warriors, having listened to the voices of their leaders and not imbibed the strong drink, quietly rose from where they lay.  They took up their weapons, and went about the towns and villages, and into the homes all about, slaughtering the people as they slept, murdering men, women, and children, taking no prisoners.  Few were the people who escaped this destruction, some by fleeing toward the north and then to the west, in hopes of making other Norse cites, while others attempted to make their way to ships in the harbor.
Not everyone had indulged in the strong drink, and many of them put up a determined defense before becoming overwhelmed or escaping.   Ransalare Cartier and David Drummond, along with a contingent of soldiers from the garrison, fought their way north, eventually escaping with other survivors of the massacre to the west, into the land of many lakes.  There they set to work, rebuilding an ancient fort originally established by invading southern armies centuries ago.  In short order, new palisades had been constructed, reaching out beyond the three redoubts that faced to the south.  On these redoubts, one bombard and several newly built catapults were placed.
Over the following weeks, hundreds of escapees from across the region made their way to Fort Hill.  In time, Cartier and Drummond concluded the number of refugees far exceeded the capacity of the fort.  It was decided that Drummond would lead a contingent of eight hundred people west to rebuild the ruins of Fortress Camorra, leaving about twelve hundred to defend Fort Hill.  Although no record exists, by the time Hikucosbonnii’s army arrived to wage war against them, the number of refugees at both forts had increased greatly.

Gwen Gunn managed to escape with his wife and two of their children to a ship moored at a harbor quay, but Gwen fell in a rearguard action, protecting the harbor ships.  Robert Dohn and Kasily Sinclair also made their escape to the harbor with a handful of villagers.  Most of the one hundred fifty new settlers were still residing on the ships, not having found lodging ashore.  Altogether, about three hundred people crowded into two ships that succeeded in making it to open water.
After overwhelming the rear guard, Chief One Eye Crooked Face led his warriors to the remaining boats, going in hot pursuit of any ships making escape.  Dohn and Sinclair were aboard Roslyn, a three-masted, armed merchantman, carrying four small Chinese-made iron carronades.  Blasting grape and chain across the deck and through the rigging of the captured carrack, killing several of his warriors aboard, Chief One Eye Crooked Face broke off his pursuit of Roslyn and her sister ship.
Sinclair, Dohn, and the other survivors of the Acadian massacre sailed north along the coast, eventually making landfall in the land of the people who came to be called the ‘Algonquin’.  There the survivors were to find refuge and welcome.  After wintering over with the Algonquin people, Roslyn was readied to set sail for Scotland.  Robert Dohn had married Gwen Gunn’s wife, Sarah, in the spring, the couple and her children preparing to depart on Roslyn.  Kasily Sinclair and the majority of Acadian survivors chose to remain with their new-found friends, most eventually being absorbed into the tribe.  Sinclair chose to remain behind to build a New Acadia here in this wilderness, and to restore the order of Templars there.
As the two friends prepared to go their separate ways, Sinclair put his arm around Dohn’s shoulder as they walked toward the ship.  Sinclair grinned, “Now don’t forget to give to my brother the parchments I have given you!  Someday, God willing, and the time is right, someone will come looking for the forgotten land of New Jerusalem.  My maps and directions will lead them here, so that they might find the new estate given us by God’s good graces.”
Dohn promised to do everything asked of him, the two men parting with an enduring embrace and many tears, knowing they would never meet again.  The door leading to this western world was closed.  No longer would the Templars bring people into it but, instead, send their trade ships a’pirating, to check the European sea powers’ hands concerning westward expansion.  Now must come an age of darkness upon the world, the lands to the west disappearing from mind and heart until a new age arose far in the future…and the Templars would assure that to become their fated history.

*    *    *

By the time Hiawatha’s army reached ruined Newport City and its surrounding districts, Hikucosbonnii’s warriors were raging across the northern regions, his people already marching west toward Fort Hill and Fort Camorra.  As he marched north to join his brother, very upset over the wholesale slaughter of so many innocents, he was met by Chief Broken Knife, carrying messages from his brother for him.  Hikucosbonnii directed Hiawatha to move his army west, cross the River Susquehanna and hurry on to the confluence of the rivers Allegany, Monongahela, and Ohio to stop the escape of any Norse attempting to flee the region to the south.  Disturbed over the intent of his brother to murder so many more innocents, Hiawatha ordered his chiefs to march west, capturing alive any willing to surrender and taking them along with them, burning their towns and villages, while he and a select number of his warriors continued on to meet up with his brother.
Hiawatha finally found his brother just after Hikucosbonnii’s army had laid siege to Fort Hill.  Along the way, he came across countless burned, Norse settlements where thousands of people had been wantonly slaughtered, their mutilated bodies left unburied.  Report was also made that many thousands of refugees fled west, in hopes of escaping down the Ohio to the safety of western rivers, the reason Hikucosbonnii ordered Hiawatha’s army west to the Allegany.  One Eye Crooked Face was sent on to Camorra Heights, preparing to lay siege to it.

Fort Hill’s works had been expanded well beyond the old earthen walls of the fortress, accommodating several thousand refugees hiding behind its redoubts.  There were also two additional iron Chinese bombards mounted on the hill overlooking the southern approaches.  These, along with several dozen old, handheld, iron Chinese long guns afforded the occupants of Fort Hill a formidable defense against attack.  This combined with a great deal of food stores available and a water source located behind the works’ walls, made the fort nearly impregnable.
When Hiawatha arrived, he found his brother seeking ways to take the fortress without the wholesale destruction of his army.  It was decided at the last war council at Kondakandea that war could not commence until all the spring planting was completed, something that both the men and women of the Haudenosaunez clans shared in doing.  When this was completed, it took another few weeks for the warriors to gather together from their respective villages.  So it was that, by the time those armies marched out to conquer the Norse, it was well into summer.  Now, as Hikucosbonnii stood before Fort Hill, high summer was already passed and fall was fast approaching, with little time remaining before the people would leave to harvest their crops.

Hiawatha was in a foul mood when he confronted his brother before the other chiefs.  “Why have you murdered so many of the Norse?!  Did we not conclude that the taking of slaves and forcing others away from our lands was our intent?  You have slaughtered old man and young child!  Pregnant women you have butchered after scalping their children in front of their eyes!  What have we become when our own people rape the innocent and eat the roasted flesh of hapless victims?!  Surely the Great Spirit will look down on us with abhorrence for acting so wickedly against our brothers, for long ago White Buffalo Woman reminded us that all the Norse people from beyond the eastern waters were our brothers!”
Hikucosbonnii’s face reddened in rage, the man raising his axe high to strike his brother down.  Hiawatha glared into his brother’s eyes, unafraid, and declared for all to hear, “Strike me down now and see the white dove fly forever from this land, and listen for the Cry of the Eagle Spirits’ fiery canoes as they depart from us, never to return to our world.  Look!  If you do this bad thing toward the innocents hidden behind those walls” he pointed toward Fort Hill, “the same as you have already done to others who harbored no hatred for us, then, by our own hands shall our worlds be destroyed.  The promised curses by our forefather from who we take our name will come down upon us.”
Upon hearing Hiawatha’s declarations and cursing pronouncements, many of the chiefs cried out for Hikucosbonnii to not lift up a hand against his brother, and to not deliver destruction upon the Norse people huddled inside the fort.  Finally, he relented to the collective voices of the others, angrily dismissing Hiawatha while he turned away to his tent after telling the other chiefs to gather for a moot the following morning.  That night, while he brooded in his tent, Hikucosbonnii hatched a plan to accomplish his purpose of exterminating the Norse while pretending to be listening to his brother’s warnings.
The next day, after gathering the chieftains, along with his brother, Hiawatha, Hikucosbonnii reflected upon everything his brother had spoken the previous day.  “Men, listen please to me.  Many are the visions that have been given to my brother by the Eagle Spirits while he sat alone in his wigwam, breathing the smoke of the valley weed.  And many times he has told us how the Great Spirit has sent the spirits who walk about in man-flesh to speak words of meaning to him.  So, I believe, it is wise on our part to listen to him this day.”
He stood and walked about among the other chiefs, placing a hand from time to time on the shoulders of those chiefs, his eyes often filling with tears.  “Men of the Haudenosaunez clans, what my brother says is wise.  We should allow our Norse brothers to escape with their lives.  Some we will take as slaves…young women and girls to take as wives to replace our womenfolk who have died from the great sickness, and young men and boys to work our fields and tend our flocks of cattle.  The others, should they be willing, must leave our land and go down the river, settling in the land of Kentucky, a land empty of people, a land that only the occasional hunter passes through.  There we will allow the Norse to live or,” he shrugged, ‘should they wish, they can go on down the river until arriving at the southern waters, there to build boats for themselves to return back to the lands from which they came.”
All of this sounded good to the ears of the many chieftains and to Hiawatha, everyone approving Hikucosbonnii’s recommendations.  After receiving his brother’s promise to do just so, Hiawatha departed, hurrying off to the west to rejoin his army.  Living up to his word, Hikucosbonnii sent messengers to all the warriors scattered about not to kill the Norse if they were willing to surrender to them, and then to deliver them to designated locations to have their fate decided upon, whether to become slaves or depart for western regions.

One Eye Crooked Face was not at all pleased with the messenger’s report concerning what was to be done with the Norse.  He did not let up his attacks on Camorra Heights until after breaching the inner fortress wall.  He held his warriors back from killing the surviving women and children, the number being about two hundred, but slaughtered all the men and older boys.  The survivors were then marched off to encampments surrounding Fort Hill.  Upon receiving news that his former companion, David Drummond, had been killed in the battle at Camorra Heights, Hikucosbonnii ordered his body to be ceremonially prepared for burial and to have a large pile of stones placed over his grave.
The following day, Chief Hikucosbonnii marched the survivors from Camorra Heights to stand before the walls of Fort Hill.  He walked to within hailing distance of the fort, seeking an audience with their chief, Ransalare Cartier.  As Cartier watched from the parapet, Hikucosbonnii spread his arms wide in peace and began to speak, promising that should he and those within the fort surrender, not only would he spare the lives of the women and children surrendered from Camorra Heights, but would bring no harm to anyone within Fort Hill.  Cartier said that he must discuss this with his officers and would return with his answer the following morning.
That night, Cartier and his trusted officers came to the inevitable conclusion there was no other choice than but to surrender. There were only about three hundred of the Templar host among the throngs of people within the fort.  Most of the others had no military experience whatsoever.  The following morning, the gates to Fort Hill were opened and all the refugees hiding within departed its defensive walls, placing their lives at the mercy of their victorious captors.  True to his promise, Hikucosbonnii did not harm the captives.  Those survivors not enslaved were soon marched off to the west, eventually making their way down to the Ohio and, in time, to Kentucky.  By early winter, the surviving Norse, numbering into the thousands, were resettled in their new homes, bereft of weapons and most tools.  Life would be tenuous at best for the people if left to nature’s fate, but that was not the intention of Chief Hikucosbonnii.

*    *    *

Hiawatha was eager to arrive at Kondakandea after his long march from Onondaga during the chill of a mid-winter storm.  Although the deep blizzard snows impeded their travels, it was with a happy heart that he and his party were approaching their destination.   Along the way, his companions had come upon a herd of deer hidden in a deep valley thicket.  Pouncing quietly on their prey, Hiawatha and his fellows dispatched four of the beasts.  This would be so appreciated by the villagers, a real treat to have fresh meat in the middle of winter.
As he neared Kondakandea village, a woman dressed in black and covered in ash hurried out to meet him.  Bowing low, he extended a hand.  “Queen Jigonhsasee, I see great sadness on your face, and you dress as one mourning great loss!  I pray this is not a dire omen of coming evil.”
Grasping Hiawatha’s hand, Jigonhsasee anxiously exclaimed, “Only three nights ago, Queen Carrier came to me in my night visions, declaring that a most evil deed was being planned by your brother, Hikucosbonnii, and that you might be able to stop him.  For, should he commit such wickedness, then all the curses of my Bandorai mother, Queen NashieNafushie, and my father, the great chief Haudenosaunez, will come upon our nations of people!  Queen Carrier said that I must warn you as to what your brother is planning to do.  So, for these several days, I have laid in the ash heap, crying out to the Great Spirit to hurry your arrival!”
Hiawatha moaned in despair, “This storm has slowed me by many days!  So now I have come so much later than I had desired.  Is there any hope for me to stop this evil, or is it now hopeless?”
Pulling on Hiawatha’s arm to hurry him along, Jigonhsasee answered, “Never is it too late, if one uses up his strength to please the Great Spirit!  You must act quickly in hopes of softening the face of our mother who does not die.  You must seek to soften the face of Queen Monacan, pleading that she does not strike us all with a plague so that we become like the forgotten dust of the ancients who trod this land before us!”
The gravity of Jigonhsasee’s revelations made Hiawatha shudder with dread.  He declared that he would leave that very night.  Jigonhsasee smiled grimly, “I have already prepared for your journey.  Hot food waited your arrival, and packs have been made for you and your people to carry, giving you provisions for many days’ travel.”

Before darkness fell over the village of Kondakandea, Hiawatha and two dozen men, fleet of foot, disappeared into the western wilderness, attempting to catch the wind before it would deliver the storm’s wrath upon all the peoples of the land of Meric.

*   *   *

It had been a very hard winter for the survivors who had made the long trek from Fort Hill down the rivers until reaching the Kentucky wilderness.  People had settled down in several small encampments that stretched along a meandering valley stream skirting the woodland hills.  These people, along with other escapees of Hikucosbonnii’s genocide, were scattered across thirty miles of snow-covered countryside in tiny villages that the Haudenosaunez chieftains had demanded they reside in.  Few arrived at their new homes before late fall snows swept in from the north.  With scant foods, and virtually no weapons and few tools, possessing only what they carried with them, there was little hope that many of the refugees would survive a harsh winter.
Despite his chronic bout of sickness acquired after a drenching fall into chilly river waters some weeks before, Ransalare Cartier refused to surrender to a sickbed.  He directed food gathering and work parties, seeing that the aged and sick were being tended to, and strived to maintain a positive attitude among the cold and starving population.  None of this was easy, especially keeping the people’s spirits up.  Other than the occasional squirrel, rabbit, or elusive deer, food primarily consisted of sumac and pine needle tea, boiled pine bark, and what few acorns and nuts could be scrounged.  This poor diet, combined with hostile living conditions and lack of proper winter clothing, had cost the lives of dozens, especially little children and women with child.
Cartier was in hopes that hunting parties newly equipped with long hickory spears tipped with knapped flint points would be able to bring in enough big game to help his people survive into the spring.  There had also been deposits of flint discovered in the rapid-flowing streams.  From these flints, hand axes were knapped, permitting trees to be cut down for building sturdy shelters.  If his people could sustain their strength for a few more weeks, they might well have fresh meat and warm shelters to help them survive the remaining months of winter.  As he stared off into the early morning dawn, the man was in hopes of receiving word from the hunters this day.  Suddenly, movement just beyond the edge of the woods caught his eye.

Chief Hikucosbonnii stood beside Chief One Eye Crooked Face at the edge of the woods, waiting for the morning sun to crest above the hills.  That had been the signal given to all the other chiefs gathered from across the four winds to finish this Norse rabble off for good.  Their orders were simple, stealth being required from all the warriors as they swept from the forest with their knives and axes at the ready.  Hikucosbonnii’s directions had been clear.  “Attack as one when the sun peeks above the hills, but as silent as the rattle-less viper when you move against your enemy!  Not a man of theirs should you allow to live!  But for the women and little children that are pleasing in your eyes, you may do with them as you wish.  Be swift about your business, not taking scalps or plunder until all the enemy is dead before your face!”
Looking out of the forest in the early dawn, the two men saw a person step from a dwelling into the cold morning air.  He stood, scanning the trees as if searching for something, stopping, looking directly into the faces of the two chiefs.  As the person’s arm went up, his mouth opening to cry a warning, three arrows struck him so that he fell to the ground, dead.
“Quickly now!”  Hikucosbonnii excitedly commanded in a hushed voice.
On a rush, the war party descended upon the encampment, catching most of the people asleep in their beds.  While this slaughter went on, the same was happening at all the other Norse encampments throughout the river valley.  Resistance was feeble at best, with few of the attackers becoming casualties at the hands of the defenders.  Within an hour, it was over, thousands slaughtered while they slept, hundreds of women and children, bound by their wrists or with ropes tied about their necks, being herded off toward the main encampment where the chiefs were gathering.
That night, great merrymaking was carried on, the sky lit up by the many fires of burning structures, along with joyous celebration of the torture and burning of escapees later found hiding in the forest.  It was raucous and wild, many of the warriors acting as crazed men, even to the point of eating the flesh of the slain.  Few women survived the night without violation, often set upon by several men who beat and bit as they violently raped with wanton abandon.  Even many of the younger ones suffered violently at the hands of these people.
Into the middle of this bedlam, Hiawatha and his men came on a run.  Upon seeing the murder and destruction, he and the others pulled at their hair or flailed their arms, crying out most pitiably so that all the singing and merrymaking stopped, and all the warriors silently stared with trepidation at these wild people.
“What have you done?!  What have you done?!”  Hiawatha wailed.  “How will we be forgiven for breaking our oath to White Buffalo Woman?!  Will the Great Spirit not become incensed at what has been done here and certainly curse our very souls?!”  He went on a wailing and crying, calling out to the Great Spirit to have mercy on ‘these fools’.
Chief Hikucosbonnii, Chief One Eye Crooked Face at his side, stormed up to Hiawatha, slapping him hard across the face, screaming, “Shut up fool!  Fool!  We have done only what must be done!  This rabble has brought only death and destruction upon our people, so that many more of ours than them have died beside their hearth fires, young child and old man, and woman, and young mother, and all the others.  We have only done what must be done to preserve our people!”
“You have cursed our people to damnation!  You are the fool!”  Hiawatha shook his fist high, looking out over the entire crowd.  “You are all fools!  Queen Jigonhsasee has seen in her visions that should such a thing as you have done this day be fomented against this people, that one day their kindred, in canoes far too many to number, will invade our shores and do to us what you have done here!  Fools!  We are all dead men now!”
Before Chief Hikucosbonnii could strike his brother again, a harsh whirlwind raged into and through the camp, scattering the fires, whipping flames high into the sky.   As quickly as the tempest arrived, it departed.  While the people stood, dumbstruck, in the silent darkness, an eerie, red glow descended upon the camp, spreading out, filling the entire valley with its ghostly luminescence.  The people gasped in terror, for never had anyone seen such a witching light that pressed so threateningly down upon them.  No one dared speak.  Few dared to even breathe.  No sound could there be heard at all except that of a single person’s footsteps approaching.
As the person stepped from the shadows, slowly entering the camp, darkness followed up from behind so that the person was shrouded within those shadows.  The people fell back in fear, permitting this ghostly person passage.  Up through the crowd, the creature approached until it stopped only inches in front of Chief Hikucosbonnii and those standing alongside him.  The shadowy cloak slowly drifted away, revealing a goddess woman with eyes burning fiery red, glowing, white-fanged teeth, smoke drifting from her mouth and nostrils.  In her majestic nakedness, she stood there, her very skin a heated torch of static flame, her countenance bold and her mood matching her appearance.
Before the terrified crowed, she called out, pointing an accusative finger at Hikucosbonnii and his fellow chiefs, “So this is how the sons of Meric, my husband, and Haudenosaunez, my child, show respect for their mother?!  What have you done other than to bring ostracism between me and you?!  Cursed you all are!  Not children of mine!  Go to the damned as did your enemies when they stood before me in ages past!  Like the forgotten dust you are to become, so that no man will remember who was his father or mother!  And your land will be given to another who will raise up a seed for me, so that Meric will live through him!”
Hiawatha fell to his knees before the woman, clasping his hands, pleading, “Queen Monacan, mother of this wayward lot, please do not bring your children to nothing, or cast us away from this world!  Wicked and foolish we all are, but please, for those who are still innocent among us, please do not bring us all to nothing!”
One Eye Crooked Face spoke up, pointing his finger at Hikucosbonnii.  “This is the evil man who has led this people astray!  Deliver the curse upon him, for he has made us do this terrible thing against our brothers!”
Enraged, Hikucosbonnii drew his blade and drove it deep into One Eye Crooked Face’s heart.  As the chief fell dead upon the ground, Hikucosbonnii glared at his other chiefs, asking, “Are there any others who will accuse their brother of such a wanton deed and not accept responsibility for his own actions?!”
Queen Monacan shouted, “Enough!  Your deaths will all come soon enough!  As you have lived, you will die…one man’s hand upon the neck of his brother.  His blood you will drink and his flesh you will eat in celebration of a good kill.  No longer as a united people will you be, but like the wild she-bear will you become, protecting only your own while tearing at the flesh of all the others.  A curse I declare upon you all until times indefinite, when a man, a child of my choosing…my blood… upon him I shall bestow the scepter of my father, making him the Keeper of the Copper Way, Son of the Mountain Bear.  Filled with the blood of the Norse will he be so that you will never forget that it was your brother that you slaughtered here is day!”
Hiawatha began anew his begging.  “Please, my mother queen, voice of the Great Spirit to us, please listen, and do not allow your children to become like the dust on a windy day!”
Queen Monacan stared down into Hiawatha’s troubled face, placing a hand on his shoulder.  “My son, only through you will this people be saved at all, but at a time of my choosing.  First must come the curse so that this people will become divided against one another and be scattered to the winds, so that no power remains within them.  Then, in that dark hour, a peacemaker will come to assist you with whatever might be done.”
She lifted her hand toward the sky.  “Yet I swear, as I live, as you have done to this people, shall their kindred do to you!  Your lands they will plunder, your women they will rape and enslave, giving them over as wives to the Cushite.  Your men will be slaughtered and your children murdered in their beds.  Until you believe that an extermination of your kind is happening, this will take place.  But a remnant I will permit to survive, so that in the day of my chosen one, the children of this man…” She pointed a finger at Hikucosbonnii.  “This man will deliver into that person’s hands all the sacred writings preserved down to that day.  And this man…” still pointing at Hikucosbonnii, “will write down all his evil deeds on scrolls, if he wishes to preserve his soul alive.  This is so that all the nations of men will know what happened here this day and will become filled with fear, should they strike down their brother wherever he might reside!”
Queen Monacan now lifted her hands toward the heavens, calling out to the spirits of those slain in their innocence to deliver their vengeance upon this people.  Gradually, the stars above turned the color of blood and a red, chilling rain began to fall, its freezing cold raising painful blisters upon the skin of all the sons of Haudenosaunez.  With cries of agony, many of the older headmen started fitfully shaking as the rain soaked their flesh, their heavy winter garments quickly absorbing the rain, many of them falling, writhing upon the frozen ground until they moved no more.  Those witnessing all these things fell on their knees, begging Queen Monacan to have mercy.
Angrily, their mother cried out in her rage, “A plague upon you and your kind until all those in your houses having knowledge of long ago days lie in the dust!  And every man of yours who is having intercourse with a woman shall not live past next season’s fall harvest!  And the breasts of your womenfolk will dry up so that your seed shall have no food, for the very earth will not produce its yield, so that famine shall sweep the land!  And their wombs will become barren, waiting upon the manhood of the young boys who know not their right hand from their left.  Cursed are you and your people until the child I will choose comes and releases you from it!  In that day, you will return to the light and welcome the foreigner into your wigwam as your brother!”
At that, Queen Monacan turned and disappeared back into the ghostly shadows.  After she was gone, those not disabled by the blistering plague hurried about to gather up their things to run away in hopes of escaping the rain that smelled like blood, burning the skin while blistering the flesh.
Morning light revealed stark desolation across the land.  Everywhere were the bodies of those who had succumbed to the plague, their bodies never to be buried, because no one dared return to that haunted region for many generations.  Indeed, Kentucky became a land to be avoided, with only the brave and fearless entering it to hunt the wild herds residing there.

Now it came about that the men who had been sent out on the hunt by Cartier escaped discovery by the Haudenosaunez attackers.  When refugees eventually arrived to tell them what was done to their people, and that a large war party was journeying west with many prisoners, they, many being Welch immigrants having been veterans of recent wars in their former land across the Atlantean Sea, went in pursuit of the war party.  Catching up with the war party encamped near a forked river, the Welch hunting party fell upon their enemy while they slept, slaughtering all who could not flee, butchering their bodies by ripping them to pieces, cutting off their heads, legs, and arms.
After freeing the prisoners, the people gathered up whatever belongings from the dead warriors they chose and turned toward the north, in search of a new home.  So fear-inspiring did this people become that, for many generations, they lived in peace, with no one threatening them.
 
For those Haudenosaunez escaping the destruction, they took the plague back to their home villages, spreading the sickness throughout the entire land of Meric.  True were Queen Monacan’s words regarding the decimation of those peoples.  Few were the survivors of the plague and following famine.  Barren did the wombs of the surviving women become, for no man could they find to give children to them until the little boys grew in age and stature.  Yet, even then, the former population of the people could never be attained again.
So it came about that all the great cities that had been home to the children of Meric for many long generations were slowly abandoned, being reclaimed by the oak, pine, beech, and other forest trees.  In time, the names of these cities were no longer remembered.  Indeed, the very knowledge of who inhabited the cities fell into dreamy legends until the people did not know them to be their ancestors, the people eventually telling stories of being birthed out of the very hills, or even giant trees, because their past was completely forgotten.
There soon arose a generation of young warriors who knew nothing of the past, their mothers too afraid to speak of those long ago days.  Their loyalty belonged only to the tribe or clan, everyone outside of it an enemy to be hunted down or enslaved.  Raiding other villages became the way of those people, to murder and pillage, the common practice.  The taking of scalps and the kidnapping of women and children was acceptable in the eyes of all the people.  Murder through torture was practiced by all the tribes.  Even the eating of another person’s flesh and the drinking of their blood become ordinary and festive.

Hikucosbonnii hardened his heart, never seeking to soften the face of Queen Monacan by calling out for mercy to the Great Spirit.  His fiery oratories denouncing the evil deeds done against the people, and defending of his own actions, succeeded in dividing the people all the more so that the united clans of the Haudenosaunez and their allies soon fell into continuous little wars, slaughter becoming so intense that only a shadow of that great nation remained.   Still, as much as Hikucosbonnii hated Queen Monacan, the man’s fear of her was greater.  He dared not ignore her command for him to write down an account of all deeds done by him and his people.
In time, Hikucosbonnii gathered up the copper scrolls upon which he had written, and also all the copper and gold scrolls and tablets his father, Chief Sonawahtusunnee, had collected and scribed.  Along with his father and family, he retreated into the hidden mountains where the shamans of his people had long ago secreted their holy writings.  There he remained, far past his father’s death and long into his old age, writing down accounts of mankind from the creation of Adam down to the days when he departed for the hidden mountains.  He did not return to the great council house at Kondakandea until a man in his eighties.  There he married a young girl, maiden of tender years, born of a priestess and shaman, fathering a son named ‘Tadodaho’ who was deformed and hunchbacked from birth.  Hikucosbonnii filled Tadodaho with all the venomous rage held in his own heart, telling the boy that the evil witch, Queen Monacan, had cast her spell over his mother when she was found to be pregnant with Hikucosbonnii’s child.  Tadodaho grew up to become a great chief who ruled over the people through witchery and murder, his violent ways becoming more pronounced than his father’s.

Hiawatha lived to see all these things come to pass, he and Jigonhsasee surviving many generations into the future, far beyond the age of ordinary men.  After many years, seeing his children grow up and pass into death, Hiawatha took for himself a new wife who birthed two daughters for the man, the woman dying in labor during the second birthing.  Those two children died as maidens, it being believed that Tadodaho had cast spells on them because of his confrontations with Hiawatha over creating a Haudenosaunez confederation.
While Hiawatha was mourning the loss of his second daughter, Jigonhsasee drew the man into her arms so that he might be comforted.  Jigonhsasee, like Hiawatha, still appeared youthful and was full of vigor.  In time, she bore him another daughter, saying, “This child is a gift from the Great Spirit.  May she prove to be a sign that peace will soon be delivered to our people.”  Alas, this child, too, died young, being only six summers old.  Again, the sorcery of Tadodaho was blamed for her death.
Hiawatha was beside himself, crying out to the people at the council fire, “All my children are now gone from me, destroyed by the evil of Tadodaho!  He has spoiled our plans!  I must now go to the others of our people in hopes that they will accept my words of peace.”  At that, Hiawatha, along with his traveling companion, Dekanawida, departed the people at the council fire and journeyed into the west.

For several days, the two men traveled west along the lake shores until coming to a vast wilderness the likes of which neither had ever seen.  Though their hearts were filled with dread, both men felt compelled to move away from the lakeshore, plunging into the dark, foreboding forest.  On they trudged, under the thick, canopied woodland until far from the lake, night found them.  After setting up camp, the two men sat in front of a roaring blaze, singing songs to keep up their spirits.  In a little while, both of them had fallen into a deep slumber.
Sometime during the night, Hiawatha woke with a start.  Off in the distance, he saw a light as if from another blaze.  He called out to Dekanawida, but his companion did not reply.  Looking into the fellow’s face in the glow of the dying firelight, Hiawatha believed to see a man as though in a deep, witching trance.  That possibly being the case, he dared not attempt to wake him for fear the spirits might become angry with him.  So, his heart troubled with unease, and his soul filled with trepidation, Hiawatha quietly stood and haltingly made his way through the woods toward the distant light.  Eventually, Hiawatha came to a clearing in the woods.  To his surprise, he saw a small wigwam the other side of a golden blaze that was surrounded by several large stones.  As he stepped into the clearing, a woman stooped as she exited the wigwam’s doorway, motioning toward him to approach.  After drawing close, the woman took his hand and led him into the wigwam.
Little more did Hiawatha remember other than the sweet smell of romance in the loving arms of the most beautiful of women he had ever seen.  Yet all of it must have been a dream for, in the morning when he woke, the man found himself lying on the ground beside the ashes of last night’s fire, Dekanawida sleeping peacefully across the way from him.  Later, both men told tales of their respective dreams or visions, both profoundly affected by their experiences.
Like Hiawatha, Dekanawida had wandered off, chasing a mysterious light, but for him it was so much more profound.  As he stood in the light of a blaze, a giant longhouse drifted down from above.  He was soon taken into it and lifted high into the night sky until the entire circle of the Earth was little more than a tiny speck.  There, as he stood at a portal, looking down at the Earth, a man dressed in silver and white approached, saying, “Small as a seed is your world to us.  Yet, like a seed, it will produce fruit and those of your kind will one day fill these Heavens all the way to their ends.  And the wampum belt and peace pipe of the council house will never be forgotten.  And all men will live in peace forever.  Now go and preach the word of peace to all men.”
“A witching land this place must surely be!” both men confessed, as they stared into the morning sky.  Bewitching this place was, a spirit land where men should fear to tread, yet neither wished to quickly depart.  They lingered throughout the morning, rekindling the fire to heat some of the food in their packs.  After a bit, they gathered up their belongings and took up their quest to bring a message of unity and peace to the people.

Nearly two years had passed since Hiawatha and Dekanawida had begun their journey west.  Far they traveled in their searching to find people who would listen to their messages for peace.  Some listened intently, many spoke favorably of what was offered, but few cared to do more than speak about the matter, believing it to be a useless cause, the many wars having lasted far too long.
Disappointed by their lack of success, the two men began their trek home.  By chance, they found themselves again returned to the mysterious woodland.  This time, though, as night approached, both fellows saw the distant flame burning in the woods.
Coming into the clearing before the blazing firelight, they saw a woman on the other side of the flames, holding a small child, a man dressed in silver and white beside her.  Hiawatha and Dekanawida fell to their knees, beseeching the gods not to cause them to die for looking upon their faces.
“Get up, please,” the woman requested.  Then, looking at Hiawatha while holding up the child, she added, “Come and take hold of your daughter whom I bore for you.”
Peering closely at the woman, Hiawatha began to realize that she was the same woman from his visions.  As if hearing an unspoken question, the woman answered, “No vision have you had, but a dream in reality.  Here is your daughter that I loan to you for an hour.  Come and take your child.”
While Hiawatha held his little girl, the woman went on to explain, “I am Queen Nicola Carrier (Tosombabanna), one of the Haudenosaunez from whom your people have taken their name.  I stood upon the funeral pyre of your ancestress, Dancing Stones, many ages ago.  A sister-child I am of the Black Angel, mother of your Queen Monacan, and sorceress divine.  The blessing of your Queen Monacan goes with you in the spirit of this child.  No harm will come to you until all that you have labored for comes to its completion.”
She pointed toward the man beside her.  “This is Great Chief Rae Tomassie, my brother in the spirit who, as a young lad, stood beside me on the night of Dancing Stone’s burning.  Together we have seen the face of the Great Spirit and listened intently to all that was spoken to us through the many voices standing beside him.  All that you have been told will come but, for you, it will be in days when you unite again with your kindred on the other side of the river in distant lands and times.  Still, remembered you both shall be, your names meaning ‘peace all around’.”  Then, resting her hand on Hiawatha’s arm, Nicola smiled.  “Today I loan you our daughter, but she is a spirit child and must be returned to me one day.  ‘Nashi’ii’ is her name.  In the worlds beyond this, she was birthed and to those worlds she must return in due time.  When Nashi’ii’s breasts grow to those of a maiden woman, then you will see that your desire for peace has been achieved.”
Nicola frowned, warning the two, “Men of peace you both are, though blood you have both shed.  No more!  Do not bring another man down to harm, even if he should strike you a telling blow.  Do not call down evil upon a single soul, but be at peace with all living kind.  Do not speak a word against Chief Tadodaho, but bring a healing to him when the hour is right.  Should you do such a thing, then a powerful ally he will become in the straits of time.”
Kissing Hiawatha on the cheek, Nicola promised, “A most desirable man you are.  Though this child I must ask back from you, in time, on the other side of the river, we shall come together again and I will give to you both a son and a daughter for you to keep as your own.”  At that, Rae and Nicola faded into the mist, leaving the three alone.
With tears of joy, Hiawatha and Dekanawida hurried as if with wings on their feet back to their people, telling all who would listen about their spirit encounters and that all men should seek peace so as to soften the Great Spirit’s face.
By the time Nashi’ii was turned twelve, her breasts had grown like a young maiden woman.  At this time, Hiawatha, Dekanawida, Jigonhsasee and other chieftains and priestesses came forward to confront Chief Tadodaho in his village.  Through chants and incantations learned through his visions, Hiawatha drove the wicked spirits out of the aged chief while curing his physical deformities.  True to Nicola’s words, Tadodaho turned away from his evil practices and converted to doing good deeds for his people.  Willingly, with a happy heart, he joined with the other chiefs in establishing a confederacy among the people, calling themselves the ‘Haudenosaunez’.

On a warm summer evening, shortly after Dekanawida had built a great longhouse in remembrance of his journey into the upper skies, Hiawatha and Nashi’ii were strolling along the lakeshore when a whirring sound could be heard coming from overhead.  A great silver canoe slowly settled down on the shore, a door opening in its side.  Out stepped Nicola.
After walking up to Hiawatha and tenderly kissing him on the cheek, she took Nashi’ii’s hand.  “It is time for the child to return to her mother.  Already she is past the coming of age for her people.  The one who is to bring the girl into womanhood even now waits for her in the house of celebration.  A good shepherd and father you have been to her.  Never will your little Nashi’ii forget how loving and kind you have been to her.”
Tears ran down Hiawatha’s face as he asked, “Must you take the child away from me, leaving me alone, with no one to comfort me?”
Grasping Hiawatha’s forearm, Nicola slowly shook her head.  “You knew this day was to come.  Do not be sad of heart.  Go to Jigonhsasee and take the woman into the wilderness with you, to the land of visions and dreams.  She does love you.  Dream together to see the worlds as they should be, and sleep together in the peace that should come to all good men.”
At that, Queen Nicola took her daughter with her into the canoe, closing the door behind them.  Hiawatha watched as the machine slowly rose and drifted out across the lake until disappearing into the evening haze, the man continuing to stare across the waters long after the canoe was out of sight.

*    *    *

Aphrodite sat at the head of the council table, this being her term to serve as chair.  Long ago she had joined the council of the Haudenosaunez, raising the number to fifteen after the death of Lumdon and Swalhawena.  The added number did little to change the order of the council.  All major decisions brought before the council required a two-thirds majority of everyone present, and if less than two-thirds of the members were present, no decision could be held as binding until the others of the Order were permitted opportunity to offer their input into the decision-making.  Today such protocol would be unnecessary, for all the Haudenosaunez were collected here, in Eden, to decide their future.
Sighing, Aphrodite leaned back in her chair while pushing against the table with her hands.   Looking down, she began, “Long ago the West fell, Atlantis sank into the sea, and the world of men entered an age of darkness that still reigns over it until the race comes to its finish.  We had all hoped…some believed that the plight cast upon this universe was soon to come to its end.  When Michael arrived, our anticipation was that a completion of this odyssey would soon to come to a finish.  But, alas, it has not come to be.”
Sitting forward, she scanned the tired faces in the room.  “As I said, the West has fallen, our hope of Meric’s dreams dashed by the rebellious intrigues of Hormax and the Evil Worm.  It now lies in ashes, a world violent and divided.  Our children did not understand the Order we were building.  They permitted racism and bigotry to cloud their reasoning to the point of slaughtering one another, bringing to a finish a united land to rebirth our Atlantis in.”
She smiled sadly.  “The good news is that the house of Javan has not come to its finish, so my promise to Wise King Philip has not become a folly’s dream.  The blood of Meric runs strong within the veins of Nashi’ii and Richard Dohn.  The two have agreed to marry and take up life in Scotland so that their children may carry on the family crest of Dohn.  Nashi’ii has taken the name of ‘Bernice Carrier’, telling the Dohn family that she is an Irish Brit, born from a clan of eastern traders out of Naples.  Richard knows the facts of the matter, the couple even now preparing for their wedding in PoureaShihon.  Nashi’ii is already with child and wishes to have the wedding long before arriving at Edinburgh so that the baby will be accepted as legitimate in the eyes of the people there.
“Now for my purpose in speaking about these matters…”  Aphrodite stood, motioning with her hand, pointing off in some distant direction.  “As I have said, the West has fallen and will not rise again by its own might.  We must now turn our attention to the East, to Europe, if we are to see the rebirth of Atlantis at the appropriate hour.  For the moment, the powers of Europe have forgotten the lands of the West, and that is a good thing.  Still, we must be ever vigilant so that when it awakes to those lands, we will be able to use its kings to serve our purpose.”
She sat after Baalath motioned to speak.  “The English are an aggressive lot who, I believe, wish to subject all of Western Europe under their thumb.  Though it does possess many of the attributes that will prove valuable when New Atlantis rises again, its power needs to be checked so that, if need be, Atlantis can break free of it when the time is right.  I feel that France has the best chance of checking England’s hand in that future hour.  Spain cannot…will not break free of the Church, doing whatever the Pope decrees.  It will never allow the chains of its oppression to be loosed without the will of the Pope.  I doubt that Russia, Germany or the North Countries can be counted on to bring Atlantis to life, should they expand in the West.”
Aphrodite asked, wondering, “What in France makes you believe that France can be of any help to our cause?  Like Spain, it is dominated by the Church, and will not surrender up its Catholicism to the will of the people.  The country also appears weak, unable to hold England at bay as it pursues France’s conquest.”
Baalath nodded agreement.  “What you say is true, but there is a restless undercurrent there that threatens to sabotage the best laid plans of Hormaxian mice and men.  Remember, the northern territories of France are filled with Norse blood.  True, the Norman’s conquered England, but their blood kin living in France do not see them as kindred.  They are loyal to France and its nobility.”
“Yes,” Aphrodite replied, “but France’s nobility is weak.  I fear it will sell out the people to England if promised it will remain as a puppet government.”
“I too would agree with you, except…” Baalath looked over at Juliet, “except we already have agents in position to assist us should France’s nobility begin to collapse.  Lady Tobanahazz’s daughter, Odinette de Champdivers, has captured the heart of King Charles, the man calling her his ‘Little Queen’.  Odinette has said she is willing to sacrifice whatever might be necessary in order to keep France an independent nation, separate from England.  She has accepted Queen Isabeau’s invitation to become Mad King Charles’ mistress, should that be what it will take to retain the French crown.”
Aphrodite did not like placing Odinette in a risky position.  “I do not wish to have our agents put in such predicaments!  Already, too many have sacrificed everything for us, and often it is for little or no gain.  Odinette has already risked her life, even to the point of accepting rape to accomplish her missions.  To have to bed the mad king, who is already dangerously schizophrenic, is asking more than the woman should have to bear!”
Juliet spoke up.  “The woman is my daughter.  The apple does not fall far from the tree.  How many mad men have I been willing to bed, often suffering a raping romance while pretending to enjoy the encounter, and often for less than we are seeking to accomplish at this time?  Odinette has suffered little more than a ruffian’s embrace during her intrigues in our service, not having to use the weeping blade of death as I and many of you have been forced to do.”
Baalath added, “There is good reason that Odinette has been placed in the king’s house.  We do not trust the selected heir to the throne, Charles.  Should the ruling king come to believe that Charles is not his son, but one sired by another man…well, the French people might lose their courage to resist the English.  For that reason, Odinette has offered to secretly birth a child of the king and, if all else fails, that child can take up the scepter for France.”
Baalath stood, leaning forward, resting his hands on the table as his passionate gaze scanned the faces in the room.  “Britain has long been home to me.  I love it there, love the land, the people, and love the very fragrance of life there.  Its people are a strong-willed and proud lot.  Many of them carry my blood, and I am pleased to know that many of their future kindred will help to raise the banner of Atlantis in its hour of rebirth.  Yet I also do know that never will the hearts of those Britons willingly surrender up Atlantis to its own independence.  No!  Atlantis must be wrested from its hands, through blood and war, if necessary!
“For this reason, Juliet and I have focused a great deal of our attention on France sustaining its power down until the days of Atlantis.  There must be a kingdom strong enough to break the iron will of Britain in the fated hour when Atlantis is to be set free.  Our activities have been clandestine, fearing the Hormaxians smelling our scent on fated events, should we press the matter too diligently.  It was for this very reason we placed Odinette into the royal family at this early hour, when France means little to the world of men.  Even should we prove successful in checking the hand of the English at this time, little notice will be given it.  Long it will be before France becomes strong enough to threaten global dominance over other competing kingdoms.”
Noahashonie rose to speak, Baalath sitting.  “Long has the crow flown high in the sky above, its hour not yet come to a finish, the will of the nations having yet to come to their completion.  I watched closely at the last Council of HETH, feeling it odd that so little fuss was being made over issues we presented, and odder still that they had such a small agenda for us to address.  I feel they wait on or for something, possibly a move on our part, wishing to see the direction we are taking, realizing that the West has fallen into darkness.  They are possibly confused as to what we will do about it, knowing that we had long focused our attention on the former land of Meric, I and my daughter, Hyhoset, threatening the demise of any in Heaven and on Earth who should act ruinously against those lands.”
Tuosolmerica rose.  “I agree, it is possible that our abandoning the West has created confusion in our enemy, forcing them into an uneasy anticipation of what our future plans may be.  Remember, we have guarded those shores for three thousand years, and now have surrendered them up to the whimsical fates of an unknown future.  They might well be waiting upon us to give them direction for their next move.”
“All the more reason that we must walk about in the shadows of this world…”  Juliet motioned to speak.  “Atlantis must rise so that freedom and liberty may breathe, renewed as it was in the days of the judges so many ages ago, so our coming king, the greatest of all Dragons, shall have a passion for them, learning that they are most to be treasured over all the other gifts from Lowenah, greater than life itself.  That hour is yet future.  But when and how far away it is has not been revealed, even to our Sky Children brethren.  Still, as we have been led to believe, the foundation pedestals of that city must have long been sunk deep before that king arrives… the very reason we clung so long to the kingdom of Meric, hoping it would grow into New Atlantis.”
She searched the faces in the room, remembering her younger days.  “Nidgha saw through the witchery of the spirits the coming day when Atlantis would rise again, becoming the queenly wife of my husband, Chuphoe, giving to him the heart and soul of that kingdom to keep safe until that coming hour.  Why?  Not for her reassurance that her dreams were true to her, for she spoke only wistfully of her future with that man.  No, she saw a future time when a man would stand upon Atlantis’ walls to set the world ablaze with promises assured, Nidgha not daring to believe she might witness that hour because of her own evil deeds.  Lacking hope that there existed any redemption for herself, she gave the glory of Atlantis to another with a hope that others would benefit from those gifts.”  Juliet lowered her head in sadness.  “The woman preserved alive this child, when so much she wanted to take my husband’s hand and escape away with him.”
Looking into Aphrodite’s face, her eyes ablaze, Juliet exclaimed, “Atlantis must rise again in the West!  It must be in the West, the land where Meric was born, where Dancing Stones surrendered all for its coming, where Javan ruled in kingly power, where Noah became a woman, where…where our souls were delivered from death into life!  France is the key to its resurrection!  Only France will have the strength to check England’s hand in that hour.  Only France will have the power to help Atlantis wrest the heart of Rome from a very unwilling host.  If Atlantis is to rise, it must possess that glory, for only with the heart of Rome will it be able to grow into such a mighty kingdom as to make the world tremble.
“Should the enemies ever realize that we place our hope in France, they will destroy it for sure!  For this reason, I have sent my daughter to act shrewdly.  That is why we must proceed with caution, our activities clandestine, so that secret our motives will remain.  It must appear that only men of flesh drive France along its fated path.  We must create a diversion so the Hormaxians believe our attention is focused elsewhere.  Spain and Portugal face a Moorish foe.  If we appear to be reaching out in that direction, as if our interest is there, our enemy might not look north, concerned not how events unfold there.”
Rae rose.  “Already the Hormaxians look with trepidation at the Templar hosts that escaped to Portugal and Scotland.  Oh yes, they are well aware that Templar navies still ply the eastern oceans and even the Mediterranean Sea, the dramatic increase in piracy focused on the Church’s shipping stoking their suspicions.  Fear of my warships keeps the Hormaxian interference in such activities at bay.  Since the European nations are presently too weak to counter such an onslaught, they are secretly assisting the Chinese in hopes that nation will muster its naval powers against the Templar pirates.”
He lifted a hand, shaking a finger toward the ceiling.  “I believe we can convince our allies within the Templar organization to place their might at the disposal of Portugal’s king, assisting him in his warring against the Moors while also strengthening his navy through exploration and trade, making that nation a formidable opponent of Spain and, secretly, the Church.  Place our scent on things so the priests of Hormax will believe for a certainty that we have chosen Portugal to accomplish some clandestine purpose for us.”
Aphrodite asked, wondering, “So how would you intend for this to be accomplished, us leaving a scent rich enough for the Hormaxians to believe we are the force behind Portugal’s growing might?”
Rae grinned, explaining, “Portugal is a very weak nation.  Any aggressiveness on its part will draw the attention of the Hormaxians, possibly even the enemy Sky Children, giving them pause.  Then, if their spies should find copies of ancient seafaring maps, witness rapid technical advances in ships and weaponry and also see new and unexpected wealth coming from the king’s vaults…well, for a certainty they will believe our fingers are dabbling in that nation, and they will concentrate their attention there in an attempt to discover a reason why.”
It was Aphrodite’s turn to grin.  “Sodasonie chose well when she made you a Haudenosaunez at such a tender age!  This scheme of yours should work effectively.”
Rae thanked Aphrodite, extending a hand.  “I have more.  Many were the allied Templars who resettled in Britain, several of their descendants remaining loyal to the order and its true cause.  Have them stir the pot, raising the ire of the Scots, Welch, and Irish, so that the English are always looking away from France, for fear of war to their north and west.  In this way, we might be able to blunt the spear that is thrust at France, thus ensuring what little strength remaining in the French people will not be totally crushed.”  Rae’s recommendations were heartily accepted by all present.  Tasks were then assigned to the fellowship of the Haudenosaunez.
Cothath (Lord Langlin) and Hilga (Lady Heidi Tomassie) were to concentrate their energies on the British Isles.  KontinKuken and Susannah (Serah) would carry on activities in the Mediterranean basin, Africa, and the Middle East.  Baalath (Lord Beaufort) and Juliet (Lady Tobanahazz) would concentrate on France, other western European nations, and the Church’s activities in that region.  Juufet would go east, to China, to keep a weather eye out for goings on there.  BondaBoor (Lord Bruxelles) was going to Portugal, settling down in Lisbon to begin operations, being public enough about his presence to draw the attention of any spies the Hormaxians might have there.
Hyhoset (Queen Monacan), Tuosolmerica (Queen Cheyenne [Tucson] Merica), and SchroGarthTho (Chief Secotan TewaTeton, later known as ‘Sir Robert Henry’, knighted by Queen Elizabeth I) were to keep a silent vigil over western lands, later known as the ‘Americas’, checking undue interference by the Sons of Hormax.
Rae Tomassie and Tosombabanna (Queen Nicola Rose Carrier) were to rove about in the Earth to assist wherever help might be needed.  Tosombabanna was a seasoned and experienced diplomat, her expertise being demonstrated with the trading guilds, maritime courts, and at the Council of HETH.  She was to act as the council’s ambassador to the secret World and Maritime Courts.  She was also given peacetime oversight of the Atlantean Sea submarine fleet, providing her with a rapid response force if her diplomacy needed a persuading hand.
Rae remained admiral of the fleet.  So well known he eventually became among the Hormaxians, there was no need for him to attempt to cloak his identity. He sat the World and Maritime Courts as a permanent member, had long negotiated treaties and disputes with various Hormaxian leagues, and had also occasioned to chair the Council of HETH.  Like Noahashonie, he had rarely bothered to cloak his identity before men and demons.
Noahashonie was to oversee the Haudenosaunez operation, Aphrodite her provost.  Much of their time would be spent in TussionBar, sorting the mountains of information delivered there through the Haudenosaunez spy network.  TussionBar was also a good place to hide Noah, so that her dynamic powers could no longer be felt by the Hormaxian priests.  Her disappearance, alone, would add to the suspicion that the Haudenosaunez were up to something.  This, with Rae occasioning himself on BondaBoor’s doorstep in Lisbon, would only add to the belief something was up with Portugal.
Making Noah overseer of this operation and setting up her headquarters in TussionBar also tied Noah down to a central location.  If the woman had a fault, it was…still is her restlessness and wanderlust.  Once, she disappeared from sight during a time of relative quiet, not to be located for several months, eventually being discovered, literally, squirreled away in a cavern on the dark side of the Moon.  Noah called these random excursions into lonely places ‘her reflective journeys’.  Seeing there might be little excitement in the world of men over the upcoming years, and a fear Noah might choose to slip off into one of her reflective journeys, the council imposed the responsibility of ‘overseer’ on the woman, and assigned TussionBar to be her home base, a place where they could keep close tabs on her.
When their business was concluded, Aphrodite stood and stared as off into the distance, musing sadly, with a wisp of hope in her voice, “When I walked out of the ark, onto the cleansed, dry ground, the smell of a fresh start in our former world of madness burned my lungs with passionate joy.  My visions of a New World Order where people could live out their days satisfied and filled with happiness were dashed with the birthing of my son, Canaan.  From that day forward, my heart has pined for a rebirth, a cleansing of my guilt for bringing evil back into the world.  Not that I didn’t love Canaan, but guilt for the evil Pandora delivered upon the world that day because she had permitted a drunken bout to open her treasure house to a wanton heart, the seed of that union forever changing our world.”
Staring toward the floor, she sighed, a tear rolling down her cheek.  “I have prayed so hard that my wickedness might one day be forgiven!  Yet, ever did I see wickedness only grow within the hearts of my children.  Now, at this late hour, my heart has a spark of hope that a new day will arise, one that will cleanse me of my wretchedness!  True, we are seeing only the cornerstone being laid at this time but, in my mind, I can see New Atlantis already rising from the ashes of the old.  Though ruled over by men of clay, it will still be a land filled with freedom of the mind, heart, and soul.  Out of that land will come the man who will deliver humankind from the wicked oppression that has so long held us captive.  Then, soon after, he and the saints with him will deliver wickedness a telling blow, bringing down the Devil’s house forever!  May the Haudenosaunez shine, too, in that hour...”

*    *    *
