Crystal Eyes

By
Allen Donnelly

Copyright 2011 Allen Donnelly

Cover Art by
Karen Bridgeman and Allen Donnelly

Distributed by Smashwords
http://www.smashwords.com/

~~~~


Dedicated to:

My family, especially my dad

The Bridgeman family, particularly Karen, for advice,
proofreading services and cool art

Finally, my nan and my mum,
two wonderful, inspirational women
who I miss more than I can say


Extra Thanks
To everyone who’s downloaded
Crystal Eyes so far.
I hope you enjoyed it!

Special thanks for their services to
Error finding go to:
Karen Appleby
Alexandra Aulisi
Craig Kelly
Kent Peterson 

If you find any more mistakes, 
let me know at:
http://allendonnelly.com/
Or on Twitter at:
http://twitter.com/BigAlien

~~~~


Table of Contents

Prologue - The End
Chapter 1
Chapter 2
Chapter 3
Chapter 4
Chapter 5
Chapter 6
Chapter 7
Chapter 8
Chapter 9
Chapter 10
Chapter 11
Chapter 12
Chapter 13
Chapter 14
Chapter 15
Chapter 16
Chapter 17
Chapter 18 - Epilogue
About the Author
Bonus Chapter

~~~~


Prologue – The End

“…when the boy began to delight in his daring flight, and abandoning his guide, drawn by desire for the heavens, soared higher. His nearness to the devouring sun softened the fragrant wax that held the wings: and the wax melted: he flailed with bare arms, but losing his oar-like wings, could not ride the air. Even as his mouth was crying his father’s name, it vanished into the dark blue sea...”
Daedalus and Icarus from Ovid’s The Metamorphoses

This was the empty vastness of space.  It stretched out into the black depths of infinity with only the twinkling of distant stars and planets providing relief from the endless night.  Something was moving against the majestic backdrop.  A sleek, silver space ship, The Pegasus, floated into view; every graceful, sensual line of its form hinting at incredible speeds and the very latest technology.  Wide, delta wings swooped out from the long central fuselage that tapered to a gentle point at the front.  Light poured out from portholes set into the side of the main body and movement could be vaguely glimpsed within...the passengers appeared to be dancing.
The ship seemed to hang motionless and silent in the void.  In actual fact, it was hurtling at a mind-boggling velocity through the cosmos, covering thousands of miles with every minute.  The only thing that gave any kind of hint at the ship’s speed was a faint, blue glow coming from the wide, circular openings at the rear.  Those were the engines and outside of the vacuum of space they are far from silent.  If they were running at that kind of power in an environment where sound carried, the noise would be heard over two hundred miles away.
The sides of the ship were decorated with elaborate writing; glowing, constantly shifting, coloured letters that the owner paid a small fortune for in the mistaken belief that they would add to the look of the ship.
Saturn’s Rings Tours!
The original and best!
Far off in the distance, beyond the vision of everyone on board apart from the navcomp, floated the ship's destination.  Its name was Saturn 2 and it was the second biggest space station in the known universe, holding almost thirty thousand people.  It was also the solar system's most popular holiday destination, offering every conceivable facility for the discerning holidaymaker whilst they gazed upon the legendary rings of the planet around which the station orbited.  Accommodation ranged from cut price, cockroach infested hotels, to the unfeasible luxury of the Saturn Hilton, where a week’s stay cost the same as most people's annual salary.
It was a situation repeated throughout the solar system.  Space tourism was growing at an exponential rate, with all but the poorest being able to afford some kind of trip to the stars.  Saturn was the favourite for romantics who like to gaze out over the spectacular rings, Venus was the place for family holidays, boasting at least four enormous theme parks, and Mars was where the young and the restless went.  Cheap rooms and the prospect of buggy racing down the slopes of Olympus Mons or hover-car racing through the canyons that criss-cross the red planet's surface were too tempting to resist.
As well as the tourists who came and went every day, most planets were now the home to a sizeable permanent population.  Scientists doing research, and engineers and miners hunting for new raw materials to meet the growing demand for new technology and new ships.
Humankind's progress in the last three hundred years had been remarkable, easily eclipsing anything that had gone before in both scale and rapidity.  But all of humanity's achievements, the breakthroughs in space travel, the invention of anti-gravity engines and the creation of huge space stations that can be constructed in a matter of months, all of those paled into insignificance compared to the latest project.
Its name was Plymouth Harbour, and it was the biggest man made structure in history.  It sat on the very edge of the solar system, far beyond the reach of the Suns warmth.  The size of a small moon, it was more than ten times the size of Saturn 2 and it had been built with a single purpose in mind.  Although it was fast becoming a popular destination for tourists, the sole reason for its existence was to extend the reach of the human race beyond the confines of the solar system.
It was conceived fifty years before as a base to provide a jumping off point for ships heading out into the depths of deep space.  Fifty years previously the very first faster than light drive was successfully tested and the go ahead was given for the most ambitious undertaking ever.
Since that day, the technology had been refined, speeds had increased even further and the first manned tests had been successfully completed.
Plymouth Harbour had been completed four years ago; a huge floating city, filled with buildings thirty storeys high and every amenity imaginable, sits beneath the enormous transparent dome, providing places to live, work and play for a permanent population of several million people.  
The dome itself was a marvel of modern engineering, constructed from a unique metal and glass alloy that gives it incredible strength.  Although it was not really required, except as backup, a network of metal struts, pillars and a glittering energy field provide additional support and protection from any wandering asteroids that make it past the sensors and the automated defence system.  So high is the dome above the city that clouds float beneath it; it had even been known to rain.  
Next to the space station sat the bare skeleton of what would one day become the Mayflower, the first manned deep space exploration ship.  It was still only in the initial stages of its construction but, assuming everything went according to plan, it should embark on its maiden voyage sometime within the next five years.
With the vast numbers of people living in the different planetary colonies and on the space stations, only about seventy to eighty percent of the solar system's population lived on Earth. 
But Earth itself had also changed in many ways.  The new construction techniques and materials had been put to good use here, equalling almost anything that had been built in space.  The enormous, gleaming cities of Earth dwarfed anything that had existed in the first days of the third millennium.  Mile after mile of huge towers pierced the sky, the tops of the tallest rising high above the clouds.  Even to the point where the air was sparse and too thin for comfort.  A force field surrounded the tops of each of these imposing edifices, providing a pressurised environment that allowed the residents to survive at impossible altitudes.  There was also the added bonus that the field prevented anyone who happened to fall from a balcony from plummeting to what would have been an inevitable and very messy death.  
It was here, at the upper limits of the atmosphere, that the richest and the most powerful lived in vast apartments that were filled with unimaginable luxury, their private space shuttles moored just outside.  If you lived here, you’d made it.  The solar system was your oyster, and almost nothing was beyond your reach.
Travelling further down into the canyons of glass and metal, passing by the countless glowing holographic adverts and leaving behind the world of wealth and privilege, the rooms began to get smaller, the fixtures just that little bit less luxurious and the views a little less grandiose.  
Eventually, after dropping through the clouds that permanently floated around the towers, you descended into a murky, half-lit world that got progressively dimmer the further down you went.  And the lower you got, the further you dropped down the social ladder until you reached the bottom rung – street level.  There was no natural light down here, no night or day, just a permanent, never ending twilight, the only illumination provided by the flickering adverts, selling products that no one down here could afford, and the dim, inefficient streetlights.
It was down here, amongst the great pillars and the batteries of anti-gravity engines that helped to support the weight of the massive towers above, that the forgotten members of society lived.  Those people who had, by choice or accident, fallen off the bottom of the map went about their business, some of which was even legal, in the shadows and the perpetual drizzle.  
They weren’t completely left to their own devices though.  There were the cops of course, that hadn’t changed, and there were always a few rich kids who made their way through the cloud layer looking for cheap thrills, a bit of danger and excitement, but always in the knowledge that they could return to their privileged lives.  More often than not, the children of the rich and famous returned safely to the world above with nothing to show for their adventures but a few exaggerated stories and the odd nasty rash.  Not all the time though.
But even down here in the dark depths, where even the price of life and death could be negotiable, no one went hungry, and no one was deprived of medical care if they wanted or needed it.
There was much inequality in the world, still a large gap between the haves and the have-nots, but things were better than they had ever been.  It wasn’t quite a utopia, but it was getting closer.
The cities weren’t entirely made up of living quarters of course, people still needed to work; most of the towers featured a substantial number of offices and places providing for leisure or entertainment of every kind.  In theory, a person could spend their whole day, their whole life even, without ever leaving the block in which they lived.  But people still liked to get out in the fresh air and look at the sky, and there were still parks in the cities, just as there always had been.  Like everything else though, they had moved with the times.  
To accommodate the needs of a hugely increased population – and the limited ground space available to them – the parks architects had needed to think of something new, something a bit different.  And they had succeeded beyond anyone’s expectations.  
Now almost every city in the world had its own floating park.  Supported by powerful anti-gravity engines, a chain of small islands, linked by elegantly curving walkways, floated amongst the majestic spires of the city blocks.  On some of the islands there were small woods and lakes, on others, there were wide swathes of grass or funfairs.  Waterfalls cascaded from one tier of the park to another, constantly recycled by a network of sophisticated, hidden pipes.  There was an almost constant stream of hover cars and taxis transporting people to and from the parks as they took a small break from their insular lives within the towers or a trip into the sunshine away from the endless twilight of the streets.
Not everyone chose to live in the megalopolises, as they had come to be known.  There was still a sizeable portion of the population who preferred to live away from the hustle and bustle of city life, whether it was in relatively small towns or in isolated, luxurious mansions that were scattered throughout the vast expanse of the natural parkland that had been allowed, even encouraged, to replace the old cities, fields and industrial areas.  Forests, huge, open grasslands and deserts now covered most of the Earth's surface, with only a few deserted ghost towns and the odd stretch of neglected tarmac left as a reminder of the way things used to be.   The boundaries between man and nature had never been more clearly defined.
This was the future as it was supposed to be.  Finally, after centuries of disappointment, it was starting to live up to the hype.  Everything that untold numbers of science-fiction writers had promised had, at last, come true.  The dreams of mankind were within reach, they were reaching for the skies and it seemed as if there was nothing that could halt their inexorable advance.
It was Thursday the 25th of May when the dream came to end, and the glorious future that had been promised was snatched away from the human race.  It was a normal day in the solar system.  There was nothing out of the ordinary anywhere.  People went about their business, did their jobs, played with their friends and family, and just generally got on with their lives.
The human population looked to the future and the universe beyond their small solar system with optimism and the expectation of better things.  Almost no one was looking inwards. 
It was at exactly 13.27 Greenwich Mean Time (an archaic time standard that was somehow still in use) that everything changed.  The sun emitted an intensely bright pulse of light.
At the same time as the pulse, a wave of electro-magnetic radiation was emitted.  Totally invisible and almost unimaginably huge, it grew out in a great spherical bubble from the centre of the solar system at something close to the speed of light.  
On The Hub, a relatively small, utilitarian space station orbiting Mercury that was a base for dangerous mining operations carried out on the planet, Science Office Tanya Berkowski was taking readings from the sun and monitoring sunspot activity. Idly sipping on her morning coffee, though morning was a very subjective thing so close to the sun, she noticed a light start blinking that ordinarily lay dormant.  Putting down her drink she started running a series of tests to measure the sun's temperature and radiation levels. The readings did not make sense.  She double-checked the readouts and her equipment but everything was working perfectly.  
Then, one by one, the readouts from the sensors that were strung out between Mercury and the Sun began to wink out.  Although unsure of the exact nature of the disaster in progress, she could guess that something was badly wrong with the Sun and whatever it was, it was spreading outwards.  Working quickly, Tanya sent out an all frequencies warning message: "This is Tanya Berkowski, Science Officer aboard the Hub, broadcasting an emergency warning message to all sectors. 
"There has been a massive surge in radiation from the Sun that appears to be disrupting sensors and communications. Advising that all shields be set to full strength and any craft capable of doing so should make for the outer sectors as quickly as possible."
She set the message to repeat and sat back in her chair, her coffee forgotten. Alarms were now blaring out around the station as people efficiently performed the emergency duties that had been drilled into them. Watching the lights of the sensors winking out, one after the other, each one shielded at least as well as the Hub, Tanya knew there was nothing more she could do.  She brought up a picture of her six year old son, Jonathan, who was at school on Earth.  She was still staring at it, tears in her eyes, when the wave of radiation arrived seconds later. With a fizz of blown circuits, the station was plunged into absolute darkness and Tanya was left with only the fading afterimage of her son's face. 
Around the rest of the Hub it took a while for panic and despair to take hold; as doors failed to open, heat shields failed and life support systems didn't come back online, desperation swept over the people. It didn't do them any good; the air became hot and stale as the oxygen ran out and the station heated up.  It didn't take long for the cries to still and the base was left silent.  
It took just a few moments from its creation for the wave to arrive at The Hub.  A tiny fraction of a second later and the leading edge of the wave had flashed past, leaving confusion and devastation in its wake.  
None of the other inhabitants of the base felt anything as it passed, but within a second of its passing the lights started flickering, machinery spluttered and the doors jammed.  Sparks crawled across electronic consoles, shocking the operators, killing several of them, as they tried to regain control.
And then, as the electro-magnetic radiation disrupted every electrical system in the base, everything stopped.  Those parts of the base that didn’t have windows were plunged into darkness.  Where there were windows, the electronically controlled shading that stopped the intense light from the sun blinding everyone failed.  People who had been walking past fell to the ground clutching at their eyes.  They crawled blindly to the nearest door to get away from the light and the heat, but the door controls were dead.
Everything, apart from the cries of the confused and the injured, was quiet.  The constant subliminal hum of all the equipment that usually kept the base operating was gone and now the silence rang loud and clear.  The myriad systems that controlled the oxygen levels and the heat had ground to a halt.  Everyone in the base knew what that meant.  They were all experienced and knew that very soon it would start to get very hot in the base.  After that, well, that just didn’t bear thinking about.
They were well trained, any initial panic was soon overcome and they quickly set to work trying to find the problem and fix whatever it was.  Unfortunately, their efforts were futile.
The Hub was the first place to feel the devastating effect of the wave.  It was far from the last.
The warning sent out by the woman on The Hub raced through space, running just a few seconds ahead of the wave.  Tens of thousands of people heard the warning, but even on the rare occasions when they understood what they were being told there was nothing they could do about it.
Across the solar system the events on The Hub were repeated countless times as the wave spread outwards from the sun in an enormous sphere of energy that spanned billions of miles.  Space stations ground to a halt, the occupants suffocating slowly or being sucked out into space as air lock doors despite all the safety protocols and opened at random.  
Possibly they were the lucky ones; at least their deaths were swift and relatively painless.  
On some of the bigger space stations there were bio-pods, huge glass covered domes that were filled with all manner of vegetation that took in all the carbon dioxide and replaced it with oxygen.  The people living on these stations lasted for weeks, or even months, until the food ran out or the madness and despair took over.
In the end only two space stations survived the wave, The Scimitar, a mining base orbiting Pluto, and Plymouth Harbour.  By the time the wave reached them, floating as they did on the very edge of known space, the strength of the electro-magnetic wave had faded and caused no more than a few flickering lights and the odd malfunctioning door.
Apart from the hundreds of space stations there were a myriad space ships zipping between the planets.  Although some of the fastest ships may have been able to outrun the wave, no one noticed its approach in time.  Only a lucky few that were already flying on or toward the edge of the solar system managed to escape. 
Thousands of pilots suddenly discovered that the lights of their instruments panels were flickering and going out, and their controls and engines were no longer responding.  The interior of most of the ships was generally quite small.  The air didn’t last long and the end was mercifully quick.  For some of the ships, including The Pegasus as it approached the docking point of Saturn 2, the end was quicker still as they spiralled out of control, passengers screaming, into the space stations or planets that had been their destination, resulting in spectacular explosions that lit up the alien skies.
It was about 13.35 GMT, a little over eight minutes since its creation, when the wave hit the Earth.  Just as everywhere else in the solar system, the first sign that anything was wrong was the flickering of lights and the spluttering of machinery.  Electronic equipment coughed and sparked before dying completely or, in more extreme cases, catching fire.  Across the planet, millions of hover cars and planes began to drop to the surface as their anti-gravity engines failed and the laws of physics caught up with them.  In the tops of the tallest tower blocks, luxury apartments depressurised as the force fields surrounding them failed, sucking the mega-rich occupants out into the empty air, miles above the ground.  Millions more in the lower levels of the blocks found that their high tech doors were no longer letting them out of their rooms, leaving them cursing the power companies and pressing the controls in vain.
In the vast floating parks, people watched open-mouthed as the hover cars dropped out of the skies around them.  Then the ground beneath their feet began shuddering.  Initially, they thought the cause was the rain of vehicles, but the shuddering increased, knocking the park goers off their feet.  Ponderously at first, but with increasing speed, the inverted domes of the parks tilted and started the long fall through the clouds to the ground far below, spilling water, trees, soil and screaming people as they dropped.
The buildings below were utterly destroyed by the falling parks and the rain of disabled hover cars.  Explosions tore through the city streets, filling them with billowing, white-hot flames.  Across the world, people died in the billions.  Only those living in small towns or isolated homes away from the cities escaped the wholesale destruction, and it was in these small towns that humanity survived, emerging from the hate, the fear, the madness that followed the collapse of civilisation to form new lives that would have seemed very familiar to their ancestors of a thousand years previously; ancient farming techniques were rediscovered in antique books and family stories, ways of living off the land that had all but vanished a millennia before.
Other, darker things were also rediscovered. In the fear and confusion, the searing fire of faith took hold; a hot, burning flame that made fearful eyes look up to the sun for answers and whispered insidiously of sin and blame.  Beginning as small cults of Solanists, perhaps that is how they would have stayed had the demons not come and given their gun-toting preachers something to hate.
Plants grew in unnatural, warped shapes, laden with disease; animals gave birth to strange, twisted young; and some children were born hideous and misshapen, terrible parodies of the human form.  Most barely survived past their first tragic breaths; others, more beast than man, clawed their way free to run howling into the wastelands. 
In some of the rare demon children who both survived and retained their humanity, the changes amounted to little more than strange skin colour or odd bone structure, some developed horns or extra limbs or had aspects of other animals about them, and there were one or two who were stranger still...

~~~~


Chapter 1

It was 2991, not that many people still tracked the year, two hundred and twenty-eight years since the wave had passed over, a moment that become known as the Fall.  Memories of the world before the Fall had faded, becoming half-remembered myths about a strange, unnatural world powered by an evil magic called Electricity.  It was this use of a malign force that had caused the Lord Sol, the sun, to cast down humanity and leave it struggling for survival, and if they could survive then they might prove themselves worthy of his love once more.  This, at least, was what the Solanists preached.  Grown beyond a mere cult, the Solanist church had become the biggest organisation in what had once been North America.  It was the de facto law anywhere outside of the badlands and you went against their teachings at your peril.  Their "preachers" roamed the land, spreading the word of their god down the barrel of a gun and driving out the demons and changelings that had appeared since the Fall.
The greatest and most feared of the preachers was a man named Joshua Clarkson.  It had been twenty years since Joshua had emerged from the mission house in New Denver and begun his career as a preacher.  In that time he had become a legend; when people spoke of The Preacher, they spoke of him.  His belief in what he did, his zeal, had led him to become feared and respected across the country.  He was the nemesis of demons everywhere; they spoke his name in hushed, fearful whispers, as if he somehow might hear them.  With his help the Cult of the Sun had become more and more dominant.  They had at least some measure of control and power in the vast majority of towns and cities.  Almost every council had at least a couple of Solanists as members.
Only the remote, out of the way places were spared their insidious influence.  Small villages that had sprung up since the Fall, hidden away in the hills and forests, went about their business with scant regard for the troubles of the wider world, their tight knit communities meeting any interest from the outside with suspicion and ambivalence.  They looked after their own and as far as they were concerned the rest of the world could go to hell, and in fact many of them were of the opinion that it already had.
One such village was perched high in a steeply sloped valley amidst the mountains to the north of the ruins of San Francisco.  It was a cosy, friendly place called Hope, which was only accessible via a tight and precarious track that wound its way down through the mountains in a series of treacherous twists and turns.  When the snows came each winter it was almost impossible to reach except by the most desperate or foolhardy of travellers.
Hope was an easy-going kind of place where everyone knew one another.  There weren’t any secrets in Hope; it was too small for secrets.  You could guarantee that anything told in the strictest of confidence would be the subject of gossip across the entire village before the day was out.
Joanna and Kadim Harrison lived in a small two-bedroom house on the edge of the village, a little further up the valley in the middle of a wide green pasture.  A gnarled pine tree, no more than twenty feet tall, grew next to the house.
Kadim was a tall man, nearly six foot in height, in his mid-thirties with a dark complexion and almost black hair.  His eyes were mischievous, with deep laughter lines that deepened whenever he smiled, which was often.  He worked as a teacher to the children of the village, teaching them to read and write and showing them some of the old books he'd been able to collect that came from the time before the Fall.
Joanna was different to Kadim in almost every way.  She was short, only about five feet two in height, with pale skin that would go almost instantly from being pasty white to red if she stayed out in the sun too long.  Her eyes were a bright blue colour and glittered with sharp intelligence.  Less gregarious than her husband but with a dry, cutting wit that had been known to reduce councillors to tears in the village council meetings.  Currently, she was also a little more than eight months pregnant.
Although neither Joanna nor Kadim would admit it, both were nervous about how the baby would turn out; how human would it be.  They weren’t worried about whether or not they or their other children could love it; they knew they would love it regardless of what shape it was.  Nor were they worried about the reaction of the other villagers.  Hope was a close-knit place, largely free of the prejudices that characterised life in the rest of the world.  But occasionally they did get visitors, Solanist preachers spreading the word of their god with religious fervour and a loaded gun.
But right now that was the least of their worries; Joanna was in labour, a month too early.  She was four hours in now, gritting her teeth against the pain in the absence of any effective painkillers.  Kadim was holding her hand in the way of fathers-to-be everywhere when they desperately want to help but there is nothing for them to do.  He too was gritting his teeth against the pain, although in his case the causes of the agony were the two small bones in his hand that his wife had inadvertently crushed. 
Finally, after one last superhuman effort and a great deal of cursing, Joanna gave birth.
The midwife, noting that it was girl, quickly cut and tied off the umbilical cord with practised ease and smacked the baby sharply on the behind, giving it the traditional welcome to the world.  Instead of the expected wailing cry, the child remained silent.
Still panting heavily from her exertions, tears and sweat intermingling on her face, Joanna was demanding that her child be brought to her.  But the midwife was reluctant.  She knew from years of experience that the baby should be making some noise by now, and even in the dim half-light provided by the two oil lamps that struggled to illuminate the room she could see that below the blood and birthing fluids the baby girl in her arms was unnaturally pale and quite small.  She was alive though; her arms and legs were moving, her chest rising and falling as she breathed steadily.
Giving in to Joanna’s insistent demands the midwife wrapped the baby in a blanket, turned and handed her to Joanna.  “It’s a girl,” she said quietly.  “You did very well, both of you.  Kadim, you need to get your hand seen to.”  She bustled off into the next room and closed the door softly behind her.
Joanna clutched her daughter to her and smiled down with unconditional love.  Kadim sat on the side of the bed next to her and hugged his wife proudly.
“What shall we call her?” he asked, stroking the shock of thick, black hair on the baby’s head.
“How about Christine, after my grandmother?” replied his wife, her voice hoarse from the effort and the emotion.
Kadim smiled even more broadly.  “A good name.  Christine it is.”
Then, as if in response to her name, the baby opened her eyes.
“Oh my God!” gasped Joanna.  She stared down into two black pools of darkness, unwilling to believe what she saw.  Her daughter, her beautiful, perfect daughter, had no eyes.
Kadim could only stare open mouthed, unable to speak in shock.  Then, as his daughter moved her head slightly, he saw something glint in what he thought was an empty socket.  He reached out for one of the oil lamps and held it closer.  The sockets weren’t empty – there was something in there, something dark that had seemed like a hole in the dim, shadowy bedroom.
He moved the lamp as close as he dared and both he and his wife gasped, not in horror this time but in astonishment.  As their daughter’s head moved slightly, something glimmered where her eyes should have been, reflecting the light from the lamp.  Instead of eyeballs, there sat two multi-faceted crystals that looked as black as night.
“Oh my god,” repeated Joanna in an awed whisper.  “Can she see?”
Before Kadim could reply, Christine reached up with a chubby hand and firmly grasped a sweat soaked strand of Joanna’s hair that was hanging down.
Kadim laughed uneasily.  “Guess that’s a yes then.”
The tiny population of Hope quickly accepted the young girl with the strange eyes as one of their own.  They were pragmatic people, being more concerned with surviving the frequently harsh climate in the mountains.  It was the perfect place for a so-called demon child to grow up, full of loving people and far away from the reach of the Solanists and others like them.  Or so the people thought.
As Christine became older, other differences became apparent.  She was small, although not unnaturally so, with straight jet-black hair that was iridescent when the light struck it at the right angle.  The strands of hair were also a lot thicker and heavier than normal.  And no matter how long she stayed out in the sun, her skin was never anything other than translucent, pearly white.  One or two people even claimed that when the sun shone on her face at the right angle it was possible to see strange, crystalline facets in the skin.  Her face itself was somewhat unusual, with a small mouth and a distinctive jaw line that was slightly wider and more angular than normal.
It was also clear that rather than impeding her vision, the gleaming crystal eyes had the opposite effect.  Christine could see things at a much greater distance and with much greater clarity than anyone else.  And it didn’t seem to matter how low the light was, Christine could always see clearly.  She also didn’t appear to have any peripheral vision.  Everything in her field of vision, about two hundred and ten degrees from one side of her head to the other, was in perfect focus all the time.  She could read an entire page of a book in a single glance, apparently scanning, understanding and remembering every word in an instant.
Her hearing was also exceptional, about twice as sensitive as a normal human.  In fact, almost everything about her was better than human.  Her reflexes were faster and she was stronger than all the children of her age.  Only her sense of smell was lacking, being practically non-existent.  
She was very quiet, not revealing much about whatever emotions she might be feeling, but she was well liked and made a lot of friends at school who instantly nicknamed her Crystal.  Even the teachers took to calling her Crystal.
Her parents and her older siblings doted on her, but they could never forget that she was different to them.  Whenever they would start to get used to what she did, when they began to accept it as normal, she would do something that shocked or amazed them.  They would find her reading in the dark with no apparent difficulty, or her brother would toss a ball to her from the side when she was looking at something else and she would just stick out her hand and catch it without moving her head.  And she moved differently - more smoothly and with an almost mechanical precision, as if her limbs were mounted on oiled bearings.
However, as Christine grew so did the cult of the Solanists.  They were now far and away the single most dominant religious and political group in what had once been North America.  There was almost nowhere in the whole country that was beyond their reach.  The only places where demons could live freely were the areas that were too inhospitable for most normal people.  These so-called “Badlands” dotted the country.  Areas of desert or mountain ranges became the domain of the demons.  They were wild and lawless places with no real government.  Life expectancy in the towns of the badlands was short but most who ended up there still judged that it was better than being hunted.
Everywhere else, there was no escape from the Solanists.  And, inevitably, they came to Hope.

Paul Clarkson rode up the winding track and stared disconsolately at the vast mountains that rose up sharply on either side, their snow-capped peaks rising high into the pure blue sky.  Behind him the land stretched out for hundreds of miles.  It was a magnificent view but Paul was in no mood to appreciate the beauty of nature.  Why me, he asked himself, why am I getting dragged along on this ridiculous trip?  He turned his unhappy glare to his brother’s back.  Joshua was riding at the head of the group of five Solanist preachers, looking neither right not left, totally oblivious to the majestic scenery.  Paul sighed and looked at his travelling companions.  They were a pathetic bunch really.  The other three held Joshua in awe, treating him with reverence.  Paul thought they were all idiots.  Although he loved Joshua dearly, as far as he was concerned his brother was just some nut with an itchy trigger finger.  He had never felt the same need to spread the word as Joshua, had never felt any real hatred for the changelings and demons.  But Joshua was his brother; Joshua was "The Preacher".  And he had decided that Paul was going to help him in his crusade against the demons.  Paul sighed again.  He hoped they didn’t find the demon that was rumoured to live in this village they were heading to, he was still having nightmares about the last one they’d found.  The poor sod had just had a couple of horns sticking out of his forehead.  Getting hacked to death by a bunch of religious loons was a bit of a harsh price to pay as far as Paul was concerned.  And what was it they were looking for now, a young girl with crystals instead of eyes?  If you’re up there girl, he thought, then I hope you’ve seen us coming with those eyes of yours.  You don’t want to stick around.  Not with The Preacher coming.
As the four devout Solanists and their reluctant travelling companion approached the village up the twisty, treacherous track, Christine, dressed in a simple shirt and a pair of hand me down jeans, was sitting perched atop a boulder on the slopes overlooking her home, watching the birds swoop and dart through the pine trees around her and listening to their high pitched chattering.  It was a glorious day, with a sun that blazed down out of a clear blue sky.  She looked up, enjoying the warmth on her face and the faint breeze that gently stirred her thick, black hair.  So bright was the light that when it struck Christine’s pale skin it bleached away all the contours and details of her slightly angular face.  The only features that stood out against the bright, white reflection were her thin black eyebrows and her unnatural eyes, which gleamed and twinkled in the sunlight.
She loved coming up here, away from the noise and bustle of the village, to watch the birds and animals.  They never noticed her as they would a normal person.  She guessed that maybe she smelled different.  And she had a way of standing so still that she seemed to blend in and become part of the landscape.  
Her parents had banned her from doing it in the house after she had accidentally made her mother drop her best casserole dish.  It was, thought Christine, very unfair of them to blame her.  It wasn’t as if she’d done it on purpose.  She’d just been standing there waiting to see if there was anything her mother wanted her to do.  It was hardly her fault that her mother hadn’t realised that Christine was standing right beside her until she offered to help.  The casserole dish had made an almighty crash as it hit the tiled floor of the kitchen (incidentally smashing three of the tiles at the same time, just for good measure).
Out here though, where hardly anyone from the village ventured for fear of mountain lions or bears, Christine could find a little solitude.  The forest held no fear for her.  She could spot any potential danger long before it came close to her.  But even if she didn’t spot a predator of the mountains, they never spotted her.  A mountain lion had once stalked past her, so close she could have reached out and stroked its head (she had been quite tempted), and it hadn’t registered her presence at all.
For now though, there was nothing anywhere near her.  Just the birds and a few squirrels scampering through the branches.  The only thing that hinted that all was not exactly normal in the world was the presence of an unpleasant looking squirrel that appeared to have eight, multi-jointed, spider’s legs instead of its usual complement of four furry limbs.  Not that this seemed to hamper it.  If anything, the strange spider squirrel (spirrel, or maybe squider, thought Christine as she watched it scuttle up a tree) was perfectly at home in the branches of the trees.
Christine looked up at the sky.  The sun had passed the midday point and her mother would be preparing lunch very soon.  Time to go, before she got into more trouble.
She casually dropped the six feet to the ground, landing lightly, and set off at a light jog down the slope, dodging through the maze of branches and plants that barely stirred as she passed.
Halfway down she paused, although not for breath as she was still breathing easily, and walked to the edge of a rocky outcrop that jutted above the trees.  From here she could easily see the village, every detail clear to her as if she were standing right next to her.  What she saw puzzled her.  There was a group of five horsemen congregating around her home, and most of the village seemed to be walking up behind them (unconsciously, she identified and memorised every face).  She gasped as she realised that her family were bound and kneeling in front of the men, who were all carrying drawn guns.  In a blur of motion she whirled and leapt some twenty feet from the side of the outcrop.  She hit the ground, rolled and rose up sprinting in one smooth movement.  Trees flashed past as she ran, branches whipping towards her face only to miss by millimetres as she tilted and twisted her head slightly a fraction of a second before they made contact.  Fallen leaves and pine needles swirled up into the air in her wake. 
Suddenly a bang echoed around the hills, bringing Christine to a halt.  It was a gunshot.  Nothing showed on her face, but Christine felt a cold chill settle over her heart.  She set off again, a pale, ghostly figure flashing through the trees.

Joshua sighed and holstered the smoking pistol as the last echoes of the shot died away.
He rubbed thoughtfully at the greying stubble that stood in stark contrast to the tanned, weather-beaten skin of his face.  He had known this was going to be a tough one the moment he rode into the village.  The villagers had stared out from behind their windows with thinly veiled hostility.  Their scorn and dislike was an almost tangible presence, turning the crisp mountain air sour in his mouth.  Not that he gave a damn.  His was a holy crusade, a mission from his god – what did he care if a few heathens didn’t like it?  Still, it could make things a little awkward.
Ignoring the wall of resentment, Joshua and his men had ridden through Hope toward the small cabin on the northern edge of the small, ramshackle hamlet.  It never crossed his mind that the drunk in the bar might have been lying.  Joshua could always tell when someone was steering him false.  Besides, no one ever dared to lie to him.  It wasn’t healthy.
So he had ridden up to the front of the cabin, its door opening as he arrived, and known as soon as he saw the eyes of the man and the woman who stepped out that the drunk had been right.  He could see their fear, their determination to hide their child from this monster who had come to their home.  He laughed silently and mirthlessly to himself.  They always thought they could bluff him.  Well, they had learned.  Same as everyone else who had ever tried it.
“Where is this crystal eyed child?” he had asked, spitting the last word, as the family stared at him defiantly.
They had, of course, denied all knowledge of the demon in their midst.  They always did.  So he had ordered the whole family bound, and he asked again.  “Please, for the sake of your family and your immortal soul, where is the crystal eyed demon?”
The father spat at him in disgust.  “Go to hell!” he shouted his voice thick with defiance and fear.  “Help us for God’s sake!”  This last was directed at the other villagers who were congregating around the cabin, behind the riders.
Joshua snorted.  He admired the man’s bravery and optimism but he knew there was no chance at all that the terrified villagers were going to do anything.  They were cowed, intimidated by this tall, purposeful man who had strode into their midst like a wolf walking into a field full of sheep, and scared for their own children.  Still, it never hurt to reinforce the point.  So Joshua had casually reached down with his right hand, pulled out the pistol hanging by his right thigh, feeling the familiar sandalwood grip even through his leather gloves, pulled back the hammer, aimed and fired.  The shot struck the man (what was his name, Kadim?) square in the stomach.  There was a terrified gasp from the crowd that was completely drowned out by the anguished cries of the man’s family.  They struggled against their bonds but his men knew their business well – those ropes wouldn’t give.  He glanced to his left and noticed with some disappointment but no great surprise that his brother was looking very upset.
Out from the cover of the forest and into the long grass of the meadow that surrounded Hope came Christine.  She was running faster than she ever had before, arms and legs pumping, covering the ground at a prodigious pace.  As she approached her home from the side she caught a glimpse of the scene in front of her.  But a glimpse was all she needed to see everything.  In a tiny fraction of a second her brain analysed what her eyes had just seen, telling her the position and motion of everyone:  her father lying on the decking of the porch, her mother and two sisters trying to reach him, the villagers, the horsemen looking at her family with disgust (except for one of them, her mind noted).  Most of all, she noticed the horseman who was a little in front of the others, a thin plume of smoke rising from his holstered gun.  He sat with an unflinching defiance of all around him, giving out an aura of command and surety in his own power.
Without missing a stride Christine stooped low, scooped up a stone from the ground and let fly with all her strength.  The stone whirred through the air, as straight and as true as a crossbow bolt, heading straight for the temple of the lead horseman.
Joshua gestured to the man on his right.  “Get one of the daughters, bring her here,” he commanded.
The man’s horse took two steps forward and there was a dull thud.  He flew backwards out of the saddle and hit the ground in a cloud of dust, clutching at his jaw and moaning in pain.  His horse reared in surprise and trotted away behind the cabin.
Joshua looked round in surprise, just in time to see a pale blur erupt out of the long grass and launch itself up at him.  The unexpected missile caught him in the side and sent him crashing to the ground on the far side of the horse.  Whatever it was had followed him down and was now sat astride his chest, battering his face and trying to grab his gun.  There was a clumping sound, suddenly the whirlwind stopped and the creature collapsed to the ground.  He looked up into the eyes of his brother, who was holding his own pistol by the barrel, turning it into an effective club.
Joshua struggled to his feet, ignoring his brother’s outstretched hand, and turned to his men, his bruised face thunderous.  “Someone,” he said, his voice a low, dangerous whisper.  “Tie this thing up.  And throw the family back in the cabin; I have no further use for them.”
”What are you going to do with her?” screamed Joanna as the men roughly shoved her through the door.
Joshua turned to her, his eyes filled with hatred and contempt.  “It is going to be studied.”  The tone of his voice and the emphasis he placed on the first word made it clear that the studying was not going to be an enjoyable experience.  “And then it will be cleansed.  As will you.”  He turned his attention back to his brother.  “Do you have matches?”
“What?” replied his brother, surprised by the question, and disturbed by the anguished cries from within the cabin.
“It’s a simple enough enquiry, do you possess any matches?”
Paul nodded, confused.  He pulled out a small book of matches from his coat and held it up.
“Well then,” said Joshua, pulling a bottle of spirits from his saddlebags and smashed it on the porch, drenching the timbers in neat whiskey that mingled with Kadim’s blood.  “I want you to use them.”  The growl in his voice warned that any disobedience would be severely punished.
Paul looked at the spirit soaked porch in horror.  “NO!” he shouted in disbelief.  “I can’t!”
“You can, and you will o' brother mine.”
“But it’s inhuman!”
“They aren’t human!” thundered Joshua.  “They are sinners and demons who beget other demons.  In the name of God and for their own immortal souls they must be cleansed.  Now strike a match.”
Paul backed away, holding the matches in front of him like a shield.
“Strike one!”
Paul shook his head in mute terror.
“STRIKE ONE!!”  Joshua pulled his pistol and aimed it between his brother’s eyes.  “Strike one,” he whispered.
With shaking hands Paul pulled out a match and struck it on the back of the pack.  It flared hungrily into life and began to consume the thin wood of the match.
“Throw it.”  The whisper seemed to insinuate itself into Paul’s mind without passing through his ears.
“I can’t,” he whimpered.
“Throw it.”  The hammer of the pistol was pulled back, the circular chamber rotating to bring a bullet into firing position.
“I…I…”
“THROW IT!” screamed Joshua.
With a horrified cry Paul flung the match away just as it burned down to his fingers. The flame danced through the air and landed on the porch.  With a faint whoomph sound the whiskey ignited and began to burn, in turn igniting the wood of the porch itself.
Paul collapsed to the ground in tears with Joshua standing over him, sneering.
Suddenly the muttering of the villagers, the screaming from the cabin, the crackle of the flames and Paul’s sobbing were all drowned out by a piercing cry that hurt the ears.  Christine had woken up and instantly understood what was going on.  In vain she struggled with her bonds and the men holding her.  She looked at the villagers who were looking on in open-mouthed horror.  “Help them!” she howled in the same piercing voice.  “Please help them!”
They looked at each other, then looked at Joshua who was standing framed by the flames, gun still in his hand and cocked.
“If any of you move, I’ll wipe this whole village off the face of the earth and kill every man, woman and child here,” he said, staring them down.  “Someone gag that creature.”
So they stood there - the Preacher with his guns, the villagers, most of them crying, the Preachers men and his brother who still sobbed into his hands, and Christine who howled and screamed through the cruel gag that bit into the sides of her mouth – they stood and watched the cabin burn.  Most of it was ablaze now and the air was filled with ash and smoke that rose up, violating the pure blue of the sky.  The screams of Christine’s family could no longer be heard over the roar of the flames by anyone except Christine herself.
Joshua reached down and grabbed the back of his brother’s head, forcing him to turn and look at the fire.  
“See, this is what we’ve done, this is God’s work.  Don’t be ashamed, don’t be scared.  What we’ve done is right.  In this cleansing fire we have saved their souls.”  He released his brother and went back to looking into the flickering flames.  He didn’t hear his brother whisper: “Maybe, but we’ve damned our own,” beneath his breath.
Smoke drifted though the village and down the valley, filling it with the acrid smell of burning.  And beneath that there was an undercurrent of something else, something with an unpleasant, sweet smell that would haunt the memories and nightmares of the villagers for years to come.
Even Christine, looking on muted and helpless, could smell it, despite the deficiencies of her olfactory senses.  She watched; her infallible, treacherous eyes taking in every last detail, allowing nothing to escape her attention.  Every nuance was captured indelibly in her crystalline mind – forgetting was not an option available to her.
Eventually, once the fire had died and the cabin was no more than a smouldering, blackened ruin, Joshua raised his hands to the sun that was sinking behind the mountains.
“Thank you, Lord,” he intoned.  “For leading us to this demon and helping us to cleanse these poor innocents.”  He turned quickly, picking up his hat from where Christine had knocked it when she hit him, and walked across to the shocked, exhausted girl.   
All her attention was fixed on the burnt out shell of what had been her home, watching wisps of smoke rising and the last few flames flicker away in an impenetrable vacuum of silence.  She barely noticed when Joshua ran a rope from bound hands to the saddle on his horse and mounted up.  Her head swivelled to watch the cabin as Joshua lead his small band – one weeping disconsolately, another swaying in the saddle, his head heavily bandaged – back through the village, dragging her roughly behind him.  She never uttered a sound and never missed her step although her gaze never left the cabin or the villagers surrounding it.
Those who turned from the ruins to watch Christine being dragged away felt a chill run up their spines as her eyes momentarily fixed on them before moving on to the next person.  They all knew what she could do; they all knew that she would remember every detail that she saw.  Though they felt nothing but pity and sorrow for her and her family’s fate, more than a few of them hoped in their deepest heart of hearts that she would never return.

They moved steadily down through the mountains on a rocky, dusty track, towards the foothills and into a thick pine forest.  Christine trotted tirelessly and silently behind Joshua’s horse, staring balefully up at his back, for three hours, until the sun set and no one apart from Christine was able to see where they were going.  They made camp in a small clearing in the forest, about thirty feet from the track down which they travelled.
The rope linking Christine to Joshua’s horse was used to tie her to a tree on the edge of the clearing, some ten feet away from the fire they had built up.
After a simple meal of beef jerky and beans Joshua stood up and announced that he was going to go and pray somewhere in the forest and he would return at sun-up.  He left quickly, striding into the darkness where he was soon lost from sight away from the tiny pool of light cast by the fire.
Paul, who hadn’t said a word in hours walked to the edge of the clearing, on the opposite side to Christine and lay down, wrapped in his blanket.
The three remaining men nudged each other and sniggered nastily at the miserable figure in the shadows.  The sniggers died in their throats as they looked round and saw Christine staring at them, unblinking and expressionless, the light from the fire dancing in the crystal eyes, making them look as if they burned from within.  There was something cold and inhuman in her gaze, and it terrified the three men on some deep level they didn’t understand.  
“Stop your staring, you demon bitch!” one of them shouted, picking up a stone and hurling it at the girl.  It missed by several inches.  He was a tall, gangly man, with bowlegs and an ugly, weasely face that was covered in several days’ growth of rough stubble.  In the course of the ride, Christine had learned that his name was Tyler and that he was a deeply unpleasant man with an over-inflated sense of his own importance and a stuttering, staccato laugh.
His two companions – who were now steadfastly staring away from Christine and trying to appear as if they weren’t – were no better.  Johnny was a short man, perhaps no more than five feet tall, who tried to make up for his lack of inches with pure viciousness (he had tried to lash Christine several times with a horse whip during their ride but had missed each time).  He had a pale, jowly, corpulent face and small, piggy eyes that gleamed unpleasantly beneath his bushy eyebrows.  Christine had noticed him staring at her several times with a strange mixture of hatred, fear and lust.  
The face of the third man, Alex, was now largely obscured by the amateurishly applied bandage that was wrapped under his chin and over the top of his head several times.  A large, luridly purple bruise could be seen peeking out from the edge of the bandage.  He was of medium height, with black hair shot through with grey, and an old scar that ran down his left cheek.  His eyes were cruel and filled with hate and greed.
One thing they all had in common, besides a propensity for viciousness, was a fervent religious conviction that they were in the right, though it certainly didn't hurt that the Solanist faith offered a chance to indulge their twisted passions for violence and cruelty.  
A bottle of strong liquor was now being passed between the three of them as they boasted of old fights and sexual conquests, most of them invented on the spot.  It didn’t take long for them to get louder and more belligerent.  Inevitably the talk around the fire turned to Christine.  The loud, slurred voices were angry and hate filled, and there was no small amount of fear there.  In the way of cowardly men who are trying to appear brave and tough, they taunted each other about how frightened they were of the freaky demon bitch.  Laughing cruelly, daring and baiting each other, the three men filled each other with false courage.  Tyler, egged on by his companions and bolstered by too much alcohol, stood and turned to stare at Christine with bleary, unfocused eyes and a sickly lascivious smile.  He was swaying dangerously, coming perilously close to setting his dirty, stained jeans on fire.

On the far side of the clearing where he was pretending to sleep, Paul was staring out into the impenetrable darkness of the forest when he heard the unsteady footsteps of Tyler as he moved towards Christine.  He turned and surreptitiously glanced over his shoulder.  His mind reeled in horror as he realised what was happening and he quickly turned back to staring out at the trees.  Torn by indecision and guilt, he couldn’t move.  He knew he ought to do something, even if it was a futile gesture, to try and redeem his soul in some way.  But he just couldn’t.  Instead he squeezed his eyes closed, feeling the tears rolling down his face once more, and tried to ignore the raucous laughter from across the clearing.  The worst part was the total silence of the girl.  If only she’d try and scream, he kept telling himself, then I’d help, I know I would.  But she never did.  There were only the savage noises of the men filling the night air.
Eventually, long after the sounds had stopped and the three men had returned to carousing around the fire, Paul dared to turn his head and look over his shoulder at the opposite side of the clearing.  He could only make out a vague shape in the darkness at the edge of the fires light, an unmoving, formless white blob.  Suddenly two points of light flared in the shadows like cats eyes, making him turn quickly back to staring into the forest.  She was staring straight at him!  His neck itched and his skin crawled with the feeling of those eyes boring into his back.  It was a relentless assault, pinning him like a butterfly to a page.
Just as it became too much for him to endure and he was about to leap up and do, well, something, he didn’t know what, one of the other men stood and drew away some of the girl’s attention.  Looking tentatively over his shoulder once more, Paul saw Johnny standing unsteadily over Christine, rubbing his rough, stubbly chin thoughtfully.  He turned back to his two companions, who were still sitting by the campfire drinking.  “What d’you reckon they could be worth?” he asked.  There was a speculative tone to his voice.
“Whaddya mean?” slurred Tyler.
“Them crystals.  Big and shiny like that, reckon they could be worth a fair bit in the city.”  He looked back down at the girl who stared back at him expressionlessly.  “Sure this is all good fun, but a man could get rich with a couple of jewels like those.  Hell, three men could get rich if they did things right.  What do you say?”
There was a moment of silence; then Tyler and Alex looked at each other and nodded in agreement, the light of greed in their eyes.  “Go for it,” said Tyler.
Johnny drew a large hunting knife from the sheath on his belt, the metal of the blade scraping unpleasantly over the rough leather.  It glinted menacingly in the firelight.
“Time to stop your staring, bitch!” he growled as he knelt over Christine, one knee on either side of her upper torso.  With surprising strength she fought back, trying to force him off with her bound hands and bringing her own knees sharply up into his back again and again, making him grunt in pain.  But she was weak and wounded and no match for a fully-grown man.  He forced her arms down away from her face and blocked them with his left elbow.  At the same time, he savagely grabbed her chin with his left hand and held her face still.
By this point the other two men had risen to their feet and were both watching in sick anticipation.  
Behind them, Paul looked on in horror.  He had thought that there were no greater depths of depravity that the men could sink too but they were proving him wrong.  As he watched, Johnny slowly and carefully pressed the knifepoint against the top of Christine’s cheek, just below the base of the eye socket.  The confusion that had been plaguing Paul resolved itself into a decision, a course of action that he knew would almost certainly get him killed.  But he had to help her; there was no other choice.  He turned away from the awful spectacle and summoned the courage that had deserted him for so long.  Offering up a silent prayer to any gods that might be listening and a plea for forgiveness for everything he’d done, he reached down and gripped his pistol with clammy, shaking hands.  Before he could act though, there was a shot behind him, loud and terrifying in the still night air.  He was instantly on his feet and running across the clearing, gun in his hand, all doubt swept away on a tidal wave of adrenaline.  He was going to do the right thing, even if it killed him.

As Paul was struggling with his conscience on the far side of the camp, Christine was staring along the length of the horribly gleaming knife as it pierced the white skin of her face and began to probe for the edge of her left eye socket.  She winced in pain and a trickle of blood ran thickly and sluggishly down her cheek, standing out starkly against her pale flesh.  But even as she stared up at the sweating, greedy face of the man who held her down and slowly pushed his knife into her face, her hands were reaching for what she knew to be hanging from the man’s belt.  Finally, her questing fingers found what they were looking for, the pearl handled pommel of the man’s gun.  With desperate slowness, terrified that the man would notice the movement, she drew the gun from its holster.
Johnny frowned in concentration as he tried to find the edge of the eye so he could lever it out.  He shifted his aim slightly, sliding the knife’s point across the hard surface of the crystal with a dreadful scraping sound and tried to insert it in the tiny gap between the eye and the lower eyelid.
“Don’t scratch it,” implored Tyler.  
With an exasperated grunt, Johnny sat back and pulled the knife away from the eye.  The constant stream of advice coming from Tyler and the incoherent, broken-jawed mumblings of Alex weren’t helping him at all.  “Look, just shut up will you,” he said angrily.  “If you’re such a bloody expert, why don’t you come and do it?”
Tyler held up his hands apologetically but said nothing.
“Right then.  Now just shut up and let me get on wit…”  
A faint click, barely audible, brought Johnny’s rant to an abrupt halt.  It was sound he was very familiar with, and not one he had been expecting to hear.  It was the sound of the gun he’d had for the best part of ten years being cocked.  There was a sudden, unwelcome feeling of pressure in his side.  He gulped nervously and looked down to see his own gun poking him in the ribs.  
“Now, lass,” he said with forced, and utterly unconvincing friendliness.  “Let’s not do anything rash, eh?”  He looked down into the impenetrable depths of Christine’s eyes, trying to ignore the gouge beneath the left one, and saw nothing but his own reflection hanging suspended over an unfathomable void.  There was no mercy to be found there.
“Please?” he whimpered.
There was a loud retort as Christine pulled the trigger and fired the gun.  The bullet exploded from the end of the barrel and into Johnny’s chest without passing through any intervening space.  Point blank range, no hope of the shot missing.  The slug crashed between two ribs and ploughed into the tissue and organs, tearing a lung in half and annihilating the heart before it exploded out of Johnny’s back in a fountain of blood and gore.  His body jerked as the bullet passed through him, then he gently collapsed sideways, an expression of shock on his face and a trickle of blood running down from the edge of his slack mouth.
Tyler and Alex looked on in shock, either too stunned or two drunk to react.  By the time Tyler began to reach for the gun hanging from his hip Christine had already brought the pistol in her hands to bear.  
She didn’t hesitate.
The bullet smashed through Tyler’s lower jaw and buried itself deep in his brain along with dozens of bone fragments.  He died instantly and fell backwards, twitching spasmodically, into the crackling fire, sending up a cloud of sparks and smoke.
Alex was still standing like a statue, hands held frozen at his sides, when Christine shot him in the chest.  He reeled backwards across the clearing, clutching at the bloody hole that the bullet had torn, and crashed to the ground, gasping and crying.
Christine switched the aim of the gun to the other man, Paul, who she could see charging across the clearing towards her, his gun drawn.
Paul was on his feet and running hard when the second shot was fired, almost lifting Tyler off his feet and dumping him into the fire.  Paul altered his course to avoid the flaring flames and the shower of sparks.  He still wasn’t sure what he was going to do.  In fact, he still wasn’t certain whether he was running to help the girl, or running to help the other men.  No, he was definitely running to help her. 
As he rounded the fire Christine shot Alex and swung the gun round to point at him.  It suddenly occurred to Paul that perhaps his instant reaction to get up and run across the clearing with a gun drawn might have been the wrong one.  
Time seemed to slow down.
Paul watched as the girl’s pale, little thumb pulled the hammer back.  The gun was steady in her grasp, aiming steadily for him.  Even as he pulled up, slowing his run, she fired.  With a curious mixture of regret and relief he felt the bullet punch through his abdomen, turning the organs within to useless mulch.  Ah well, he thought wryly, maybe there is some justice after all.  Almost without noticing he slumped backwards on to the ground, kicking up a cloud of dust and pine needles as he landed.  Everything was quiet, and peaceful; the only sounds he could hear were the crackling of the fire and his own laboured breathing, and his nose was filled with the delicious smell of roasting pork (the origin of which mercifully remained a mystery to him).  
He hoped Joshua wouldn’t be too angry with him and that the girl would get away.
Turning his head slightly he could make out the girl working herself clear of the ropes.  She had found the knife that the late Johnny had dropped as she shot him and was using it to industriously saw through the coils around her wrists.  Suddenly the ropes gave and fell to ground.  Instantly, she was on her feet.
“I’m sorry,” Paul tried to say to the girl whose life he had helped to destroy.  But the words wouldn’t come out.  There was something in his throat, making it hard to breath.  He tried again, achieving nothing but a faint gurgling sound.  Blood poured from between his open lips and down across his cheek, soaking the ground beneath and making it glisten wetly in the flickering light.
One final time he tried, with the fire and the clearing and the forest fading away from his eyes.  All he could see was the girl’s retreating back as she turned to exit the clearing.  For a split second she paused and looked back over her shoulder, the crystal of her eyes flaring as the facets caught the light from the fire, a single blood red tear running down her cheek.  Then she vanished into the darkness beneath the trees, where no normal person could hope to track her, at least until the sun came up.

For ten minutes the camp was still, then the bushes on the east side of the camp exploded as Joshua crashed through, both pistols drawn.  The sight that greeted him, the three men lying still, the fourth cooking on the campfire, left him stunned.  How could this possibly have happened?  How could one small girl have done all this?
He holstered his left pistol and ran over to kneel down beside the still form of his brother.  There was still life left in him, but Joshua’s experienced eye could clearly see that time was running short.  It wouldn’t be long now.  Gently, keeping a careful eye on the surrounding forest, he lifted his brother’s head and let it rest in his lap.
“Paul,” he said, surprised to find his voice catching.  He cleared his throat and tried again, louder this time.  “Paul.”
Paul’s eyelids fluttered open and he coughed weakly, causing another trickle of blood to run from his mouth.  “Joshua?” he gasped, his voice barely audible over the breath rattling in his throat.  “Is that you?”
“Yes, yes it’s me.  What happened?”
“She… she escaped.”  He laughed painfully.  “They got too close.”
Joshua clenched his fist in rage and fought to keep his voice calm and level.  “Don’t worry Paul.  I’ll find her!”  
Paul clutched his brother’s hand in his own, coating it in blood.  “N…no.  We were wrong Josh, let her go.  After what we did,” he tried to say, but his voice was too weak and the words were lost in a final, shuddering gasp.  He didn’t breathe in again.
Joshua tenderly closed his brother’s eyes and held him close, hugging him fiercely.  “I promise you Paul, I’ll find her, however long it takes!”  He began to cry, shoulders heaving in great silent sobs.  “I promise!”
He sat for a moment longer and then, tears streaming down his face, he stood and began to build up the fire.  As he piled log after log on, building it up to a furious blaze, a vicious storm broke overhead with an almighty crack and a lightning flash that momentarily banished the shadows from the forest.  Rain pounded down from the sky, instantly drenching Joshua to the bone.  He didn’t notice.
Still weeping tears that were instantly lost in the downpour he picked up the cold, lifeless bodies of Johnny and Alex one after another and dumped them into the flames.  Finally he came to his brother.  Gently stroking his hair and trying futilely to wipe the water from his face, Joshua carried Paul to the blaze, ignoring the heat that scorched his face even through the rain, and cast his body into the centre, where the fire was hottest.  There was an explosion of sparks and the flames shot up into the air.  With animalistic fury Joshua threw his head back and howled madly into the storm.  His voice was tortured and filled with loss and rage and vengeance.  He whirled, turning his back on the fire, and ran to his horse, mounting in a single smooth, expert movement.  The horse reared wildly, picking up some of the madness of its rider, and galloped back up the track to Hope, straight into the teeth of the gale.
Deep in the forest Christine staggered through the trees.  She was no longer as fleet of foot as she had been before, stumbling and tripping as she walked, but her course was unerring – an arrow straight line heading directly to Hope.  The trauma of the past days had finally caught up with her.  She was exhausted and wounded to her very core.  Every muscle and sinew throbbed with a dull ache and with each crack of thunder it felt like her head was imploding.  But at least it was relatively dry, here beneath the thick canopy of branches, and there was shelter from the howling wind that shrieked overhead.
Suddenly she burst forth from the forest into an open meadow and was instantly soaked.  She remembered this from the march.  It was a mile wide swathe of grass, through the middle of which ran the river that also flowed through Hope.  There was a bridge across it about ninety yards away, a bridge that was notorious for being washed away whenever there was a storm.
Stumbling and tripping and slipping through the long grass, her legs aching, Christine ran across the meadow towards the bridge, hoping fervently that the river hadn’t risen enough to threaten it yet.
The rickety wooden bridge was starting to look distinctly wobbly when Christine arrived at it.  She paused momentarily, looked at the wooden slats and listened to the groaning sound of wood under a great deal of stress, and then stepped smartly across, covering the thirty feet to the other side in a matter of seconds.
Just as she reached the far side she span round suddenly and peered through the gloom, sure she had heard something over the rushing waters of the river and the pounding rain.  There it was again.  Sounded like a horse.  She concentrated, looking back down the track, crystal eyes piercing the rain-drenched night.  There was a turn in the track just before it left the confines of the forest that effectively hid anything heading in Christine’s direction from view.  
Suddenly, in a cacophony of thundering hooves, Joshua galloped out of the forest, whipping his wild-eyed horse to go ever faster even though he could barely see more than a few feet in front of his face.  The horse flew across the ground towards the bridge, covering the distance in a matter of seconds.  And there ahead of him, frozen to the spot, Joshua saw Christine.  He spurred his horse on again, although it could plainly go no faster, and drew his pistol.  But then, with a great creaking, snapping sound of tortured wood, just as the horse was about to reach it, the bridge succumbed to the raging river and vanished in a boiling tumult of shattered wood and white water.
Trying desperately to stop before it charged into the torrent the horse skidded and slipped on the loose surface of the track.  The sudden shift in the horse’s balance was enough to unseat Joshua and send him crashing to the ground where he rolled and slithered up to the water’s edge.  In desperation, realising that it wasn’t going to stop in time, the horse abandoned its attempt to stop and tried instead to jump the river.
From her vantage point on the far side of the river, Christine watched the great beast launch itself into the air straight towards her.  For a second, it looked like the horse might make it but it fell agonisingly short.  It crashed into the water, its hooves flailing desperately at the bank, inches from where Christine stood, demolishing the last remnants of the bridge.  Unable to find any kind of purchase on the sodden grass it slipped back into the water and was quickly swept away to certain death by the current.  It brayed despairingly as it was carried downstream, its cries growing fainter until it either disappeared out of earshot or vanished beneath the torrent.
Joshua staggered to his feet, grunting at the sharp pain in his side.  He had broken a couple of bones in his fall from the horse, but no matter, he had more important things on his mind.  He’d lost the gun he’d been holding when he fell so he smoothly drew his remaining pistol from its holster, aimed it at the pale, indistinct figure on the other side of the river that he could just make out through the rain, and fired.  There was a dull thud as the hammer connected with the bullet but nothing more.  He tried again and again (Christine, still rooted to the spot across the frothing river, wincing with each pull of the trigger) but nothing happened.  The powder in the bullets had become soaked in the ride through the torrential rain.  With an impotent cry of rage and frustration he flung the gun away from him and stared, chest heaving, at the object of his hatred.  She was no more than twenty feet from where he stood but it might as well have been a million miles.
The two of them stared at each other through the rain, Christine able to make out far more detail than her pursuer.  She studied his face, the shape of it, the lines around the eyes, committing it all to memory.  Not that she ever forgot anything anyway, but this time she wanted to be sure.
Neither of them were aware how long they stood there; it could have been seconds, it could have been hours.  Neither of them cared.  They didn’t notice the rain that ran over both of them in a never-ending torrent.  Their hatred crackled through the space between them; a bond more powerful than love that would link one inescapably with the other until one or the other was dead.
Almost reluctantly Christine turned her back on Joshua and started to run unsteadily up the track towards the village.  She knew that with the bridge gone, the nearest river crossing was at least a twenty-mile walk in any direction.  What awaited her at the village she wasn’t sure; perhaps there was some vague idea that her family might have survived, or perhaps it was just some instinct to return to the only really familiar place in the world. 
Behind her, Joshua watched the pale shape disappear into the night.  He screamed again.  Calling her back incoherently until his voice was hoarse and she had long since vanished from sight.  For another hour he stood on the riverbank, watching, until the sun came up.  Then he too turned away and began the long trek back to the nearest town, a journey of fifteen miles or so, to get a fresh horse and supplies before he journeyed to the nearest river crossing and returned to Hope.

Christine walked and jogged for the next day and a half, forcing her tired muscles to keep going, until she arrived, almost blind with exhaustion, her head spinning, at the outskirts of Hope.  It was late evening, almost dusk, when she skirted round the village and came at last to her home.  Or at least to what was left of it.  It was a blackened shell now, with only a few of the wooden support pillars still standing.  The interior was a mass of debris and ash made glutinous by the storms that had ended only a few hours ago.
To normal eyes one mound of black gunk was indistinguishable from another, but to Christine’s eyes, tired though she was, details that were invisible to humans were clear to see.  Even in her current, barely conscious state, she could still make out enough to identify familiar objects.  And she could also make out vaguely human forms, all but lost in the morass.  Her attention was so fixed on the ruins that the first she knew of any kind of presence behind her was when something caught her painfully on her left shoulder.
Crying out, she span round just as something else glanced off her temple, making her stumble and fall to the ground.  A trail of blood oozed down her face from the scratch the blow had opened up.  Shaking her head in an attempt to clear it, she peered around, struggling to focus.  Twenty yards away were a group of children who were shouting and jeering at her.  Children she had once gone to school with, even played with, on the rare occasions when she had played.  There was even a boy there called Billy who she had been developing a crush on.
“Go away, demon!” they shouted.  “We don’t want you here!”  They picked up pebbles from the ground and hurled them at the prone figure.
Shocked and confused, Christine struggled back to her feet and backed away, hands held protectively in front of her.  Another stone came flying in her direction that she was easily able to dodge.  But then there was another, and another, and another.  She fell back under the barrage of small stones that stung her skin.  Too tired to dodge them all and too tired to run, all she could do was stumble away, crying out in pain as the pebbles hit home.
After she had staggered about half a mile from the village she collapsed to the ground and didn’t move.  After one last desultory stone was thrown at her legs, the children turned and ran back home, laughing and shouting at each other, their cruelty become a game.
Christine lay on the ground, chest heaving in exhaustion.  She was battered and bruised; across her body the white skin turned lurid purple and yellow, and blood leaked from dozens of wounds.  For the first time in her life she couldn’t see straight; her vision was blurring and her surroundings slid in and out of focus.  Slowly, the world around her faded into blessed darkness.
Christine never saw the old lay preacher, one from another, older faith that believed in something called Science, who was passing through.  She didn’t notice him kneel beside her, and she didn’t see the look of horror and pity on his face, or the way is mouth set into a thin line as he looked towards the village.  He had passed this way before and had always thought the village was a friendly place.  They had treated him well even though they were quite clear in their lack of interest in what he had to say.  There had always been a sense of suspicion about them, like they had something to hide.  And he remembered one time, just as he was to ride down the valley, when he saw a mother ushering her child back into their cabin.  All he had seen was a flash of unnaturally white skin as the child waved its hand in protest.  He looked back at the village, noticed the blackened skeleton of a building where the cabin had been, and sighed.
He bent down and checked the girl’s pulse.  He started as he touched the skin.  It was smooth, like marble, and a lot firmer than he had been expecting.  Ignoring the unfamiliar texture beneath his fingers, he felt for a pulse.  For a moment he thought she was dead, but then he felt a heartbeat.  And then nothing for several seconds.  Just as he was starting to worry again there was another one.  There was a heartbeat there, but it was bizarre – deep and powerful and glacially slow.  He shook his head in amazement.  Gently, he pressed his thumb on her right eyelid (wondering, as he did, about the cut beneath the eye) and eased it back to check the pupil.  He looked down, saw only his own reflection in the smooth, multi-faceted crystal, and fell backwards in shock.  The girl stirred briefly.  Instantly he was back at her side, holding her hand gently.
“Can you hear me?” he asked softly, his head close to hers.
She nodded but made no reply.
“What’s your name?”
She mumbled something unintelligible.
“What was that?”
“Christine.”  This time her voice was clearer.
“Christine?  That’s a nice name.  Now Christine, I’m about to lift you on to the back of my horse, okay?” 
There was no response.  She had slipped back into unconsciousness.
Cursing in a most un-preacher like way he put his arms beneath her knees and shoulders and easily lifted the small girl on to the back of his horse (in her feverish dreams, Christine felt the world lurch) and made sure she was secure.
Walking in front of the horse, the preacher turned around and headed back the way he had come, up into the mountains.  There was a place up there, long forgotten by most people, which had existed for hundreds of years before the spectacular fall of mankind.

~~~~


Chapter 2

Joshua leaned against the side of the porch and looked out over his ranch, watching the rain pummelling the leaves of the sycamore trees.  Through the downpour he could dimly make out the horses in the corral, sheltering underneath the outspread branches of the old oak tree.
He stretched, wincing at the twinge in his lower back; all those years in the saddle, all the fighting, and sleeping on the cold, hard ground had left him with aching joints and bones that throbbed when it rained.  Rubbing absent-mindedly at the spot on his left arm where he'd had a break years earlier, and which was now nagging at him, he thought again of the old days.  Once upon a time he would have been riding through a downpour like this, hunting after some demon or another and not caring about the weather or the discomfort.  But now?  Now he was glad of a roof over his head, a soft bed to lie on and a loving wife to cook him a hot meal after a day spent working with their livestock.
There was a sudden thunder of feet on the porch, shattering the peace and quiet.
Joshua smiled warmly and looked down at the round, eager face of his son, Matthew.  The boy was grinning up at him, eyes shining with enthusiasm beneath an unruly mess of blond hair as he held up a twisted looking bit of wood for Joshua to inspect.
"Papa, papa!" said the boy.  "Look what I made!"
Joshua took the piece of wood and looked at it closely.  There had clearly been an attempt to carve it, he could see the jagged gouges left behind by a knife, but what it was supposed to be he had no idea.
"Son, that's a fine piece of woodwork you've done there," he lied smoothly, ruffling his son's hair.
"You really think so, papa?"  The boy was clearly thrilled at the praise.
"Of course I do, son."  He knelt down, grimacing at the creaking in his knees, and looked Matthew in the eyes.  "Would I lie to you?  Now go and show your mother."  
Matthew snatched the carving back and ran into the house, shouting "Mama, mama!"
Joshua straightened up and went back to looking out into the rain.  What in the name of Sol was that supposed to be a carving of, he wondered.  Still, at least the boy hadn't cut any of his own fingers off with the knife he'd used, which was doubtless extremely blunt now.  It occurred to him that his wife might not have such a relaxed attitude to her only son wielding such a thing.  He only hoped it hadn't been one of her prized cooking knives.
"Joshua!" came the voice from inside the cabin.  It hadn't quite been a shout and, if you didn't know the woman, you might not have noticed the hard edge to the superficially sweet tone.  Joshua sighed; she was going to glare at him and, if he didn't say and do exactly the right things, it was going to be a cold and frosty night tonight in the bed they shared.
He'd faced down demons, wild animals and monsters twice his own size but there were some battles that no man could hope to win.  
"Coming, Emily."  He sighed again and went inside the cabin to face the music.
He had managed to smooth over the wrinkles, even though his wife's vegetable knife now desperately needed sharpening, and now he was sitting on the porch with Matthew on his lap.  The boy was still proudly clutching his carving, which was, Joshua had learned, supposed to be a carving of him.  He still couldn't see it.
His wife and daughter, Jane, had gone to collect some eggs from the chicken coop for dinner, braving the rain that was still pouring down.
"What did you eat when you were riding around, papa?" asked Matthew.
"Whatever I could catch," answered Joshua, thinking back to his long years in the saddle.  "Some of it wasn't very nice."
"Like what?"
"I've eaten rat."  His son made a blech sound of disgust.  "I've had snake, horse, vulture, dog.  If you're hungry enough then you'll eat pretty much anything."
"Even demon?"
Joshua laughed.  "No, son, that's one thing I've never been hungry enough to try.  If you ever see one, and I hope you don't, then you'll understand why - they're all covered in strange growths and spiny lumps.  Some of them don't even have flesh."
"They don't have flesh?  What are they made from then?"
"Well, they're basically thrown together from whatever the devil had handy - some have stony flesh, with coarse, rough skin, others are slimy and ooze strange gunk."  Joshua paused a moment, remembering.  "There was even one who was made from crystal."
Matthew sat up straight.  "Oh!" he exclaimed.  "Is that Crystal Eyes?"
Joshua blinked in surprise.  "How do you know about her?" he asked, trying to keep his voice calm.
"Some of the boys at school were talking about her, saying she was the biggest, baddest demon that the devil ever sent to earth.  Did you ever see her, papa?"  The boy looked up at him with innocent eyes.
Joshua pictured again the small, slight figure with her pale, white skin and deep crystalline eyes; and he remembered the camp he had returned to, where three men lay dead and another, his brother, lay dying.  "Yes, son, I've seen her."
"Really?  What was she like?"  In his childish excitement, Matthew was oblivious to the pained look in his father's eyes.
"She wasn't big - didn't look like anything much, really - but she was dangerous.  That's an important lesson I want you to remember, son: just because something isn't big and impressive looking doesn't mean it's not deadly.  The biggest demon might be knocked down with a single blow but the smallest one, the one you ignored because it didn't look like a threat, that's the one you need to beware of."
The young boy nodded solemnly.  "Yes, papa."  There was a pause as Matthew mulled the information over in his head.  "So what happened to her, papa?  Did you banish her?"
The words were like a knife to Joshua's heart; a reminder of all the years he'd hunted Crystal; all the times he'd come so close to catching her only for her to slip through his fingers; all the Solanists who had encountered her and paid the ultimate price - they numbered in the dozens.  She had been hunted up and down the land, even into demon-infested areas like the Badlands, and all that was ever left behind was a burning house or village, corpses strewn across the ground, and a slim figure looking down from a distant hill like some hideous dark angel.
She became feared across the land, not just for who she was but because everywhere she went, the Solanists would follow, and if they thought she'd been helped or sheltered anywhere?  Well, that place tended to burn.  But even then, with nowhere she could go, they still couldn't catch her.  And then she had started to hunt them back, showing up at Solanist missions and turning them into charnel houses.
It had been over a decade since Joshua had last set eyes on her, maybe even fifteen years; he could still remember the despair as he stood in the smouldering rubble of another Solanist mission house with twenty of his best preachers, surrounded by charred corpses, and there, on the horizon, a lone figure silhouetted against the sky, watching him - he could still feel her eyes burning into him.  He had ridden away from that mission defeated and given up the hunt, leaving behind his days as The Preacher and settling down with Emily to raise a family and work on his ranch.
"No, son, I never did banish her."  He looked out through the curtain of rain, imagining a small, pale figure moving through the deluge towards him.  "She's still out there somewhere."
"I'll get her for you, papa!" declared Matthew, filled with childish certainty.
Joshua laughed, feeling the weight on his heart lessen.  "I bet you will, boy, I just bet you will."
Matthew was a couple of years older, maybe eight or nine, when she came.  He was standing on the porch, watching his father repair some of the timbers of the floor that had gone rotten and occasionally passing him tools, when he chanced to look up and, through the gusts of rain that were swirling through the valley, see a small, slender figure standing on the meadow in front of their house.  He could make out no details but he could see they were wearing a wide-brimmed hat like the ranchers and the preachers wore, along with a calf-length drover's coat.
"Papa," he said, his voice deeper than it had been but still not quite broken.
"Yes, son," replied Joshua, his voice muffled by the three nails he was holding between his lips.
"There's someone in the meadow."
"What?"  Joshua struggled up to his feet, wincing as his knee cracked, and peered out through the gloom.  Grumbling, he reached into the breast pocket of his shirt and pulled out the glasses he liked to pretend he didn't really need.  The figure was still standing there, perfectly still, uncaring or oblivious to the rain that was drumming down around them.
"Get inside, Matthew," said Joshua.  He looked down into his son's confused eyes.  "And tell your mother and sister to stay in there.  Remember how much I love you all."
"What is it, papa?"
"Go, now!" he commanded.
Once his son was safe in the house, Joshua pulled a pistol out from the holster he had left hanging on a nail just outside the door and checked it was loaded.  With even, measured steps he went down the wooden steps from the porch, his boots clunking on the pine timber.  He remembered the satisfaction he had felt as he'd installed them, the warmth he felt in his chest as he first looked on the house he had built with his own two hands.
"Joshua!" came a shout from behind him.
He glanced back over his shoulder, rain running down his face and dripping off the end of his nose.  "Get back in the house, Emily.  Stay there."
"But..."
"Back in the house, Emily!" there was a steely note of command in his voice that many a Solanist preacher would recognise from their days as a novice.  He paused a moment longer then carried on walking until he was about twenty paces away from the familiar figure.
"I knew you would come one day, demon," he shouted.
The figure raised its head, allowing him to see beneath the brim of the hat for the first time.  Pale skin glistened with dampness, and what looked like two black holes peered out at him.  She still looked like a young woman, even after forty years in the wilderness.
Crystal said nothing, staring at him without blinking.
Joshua thought about all the preachers who had died, the missions that had burned, his brother dying in his arms; all of that because of this one girl.
He opened his mouth to roar his defiance and his righteous fury, but it wasn't there.  "Spare my family," he said instead.
"You did not spare mine," she replied.  Her voice was soft, hoarse and deeper than he was expecting.  It was almost a monotone, devoid of inflection except for a faint echo of sadness.
"You are a monster," he spat.
"I am what you made me."
He stared deep into the bottomless pits of the opalescent eyes...and charged, gun raised and firing, through the rain.
He had her, he was sure he had her, but suddenly, with speed that denied comprehension, she wasn't standing in the spot he'd been aiming for.  She ducked beneath his shots and rocketed forward, cannoning into him with a force that knocked him off his feet and sent him crashing to the ground beneath a whirling dervish of rage.  His gun flew from his grasp as blow after stunning blow rained down on him.
Trying to shield himself from the barrage he looked up into the pale face of Crystal; the previously impassive visage had twisted itself into something filled with pain and anguish, an inarticulate howl tearing itself out of her throat. 
He tried to throw her off but she was far heavier than he was expecting, heavier even than him.   She thundered a punch into his chest and he felt ribs crack, the sharp pain stabbing up into his brain; the assault was relentless, his vision was clouding over and there was a shrill ringing in his ears.
As the world started to turn black he gazed up into Crystal's face; it was still contorted with rage, as if she was trying to cry, but the dark, crystalline eyes were unchanged, deep and clear.  She pulled her hand back and slammed it into his face a final time, bones splintering beneath her fist.  Everything went black; his last experience of the world was the sound of a rifle shot echoing around the valley.  His last thought was wishing his wife had stayed in the cabin.
Matthew watched as his mother and his older sister worked the bolts on the rifles they held and fired again and again at the figure kneeling over his father's still form, the tears running down his cheeks mingling with the rain.
Out on the meadow, the figure flipped backwards and, for a moment, Matthew was sure that they'd been shot, but whoever it was rolled smoothly back to their feet.  Fire bloomed from their hands and pistol shots rang out.
There was a loud thud to his side and he looked round.  His sister and mother had slumped to the floor, eyes wide and unseeing, matching black circles in the centre of each of their foreheads.
"Mama?" he asked in a quavering voice.  "MAMA?"  He grabbed her arm and shook it violently but she didn't move, didn't blink.  He picked up one of the dropped rifles and tried to work the bolt action, his small fingers struggling to gain purchase on the rain-slicked metal.  Finally, he managed to slot a bullet into the chamber and tried to lift the heavy gun to his shoulder, his arms shaking with the effort.  The meadow was empty apart from the body of his father.
"Put the gun down, boy," said a soft voice to his right.
He slowly swivelled his head and found himself looking down the smoking barrel of a pistol.  Behind that, a pale, smooth face glowed in the dim light; two almond-shaped crystal eyes stared down at him, betraying nothing of what Crystal was thinking.
"You killed mama and papa!" he cried.
"He killed mine," she replied, her voice flat.  "I am sorry about your mother and sister but they were shooting at me.  Put the gun down and turn away."
Gulping back sobs, he did as she bid and waited for the end to come.  Nothing happened.  After a minute, he gingerly turned his head around.  There was no one there; he was alone on the porch with the bodies of his sister and mother.
"Welcome, Matthew," said the matron of the Solanist motherhouse in New San Francisco.  "I was sorry to hear about your family."
Matthew nodded, not trusting himself to speak.
"Well you're welcome to stay here.  We'd be very glad to have you."
"Can you teach me to be a preacher?" asked Matthew.
"I...yes, of course we can," she replied.  "You're still a bit young to become a preacher though."
"I need to be a preacher," he said, adamant.  "There's a demon I need to kill."

~~~~


Chapter 3

The grass of the meadow waved and rippled, a green sea that undulated gently down the slope between tree-lined valley walls.  The lush carpet of the valley floor was dappled with shade from the branches of the oak and sycamore trees that waved in the gentle breeze that was making the grass dance.  Above the tree branches, the sun shone brightly in a clear sky the colour of sapphire.
Aside from the sighing whisper of the wind in the trees, the only other sounds were the songs of the birds and the faint hum of insects that flew and danced in the golden evening light.  They buzzed around the figure that stood at the centre of the green sward.  Statue still but for her thick, straight, black hair swaying gently in the breeze, she didn’t care about the flies and beetles, or the birdsong.  She was listening to something else; the pounding of hooves on the ground, the horses not yet in sight but getting closer.
She had first noticed the three riders following her the previous day, thrashing their mounts in an attempt to catch up with her.  They were not the first to hunt her and they were unlikely to be the last. 
Marble white skin glowing in the yellow light of the setting sun, opaque sunglasses glinting, twin six-guns resting comfortably on her hips, she waited.
 
Kennedy rounded the corner, spurring his exhausted horse on down the twisting path.  He was tired and thirsty and his horse was nearing the point of collapse, but he pushed on - their quarry was close now and they were catching fast.  He glanced to his left through eyes that were watering from the wind blowing in his face and grinned at his friends.  Alongside him, his two fellow preachers, James and Asif, as exhausted as he was, rode just as hard.  His expression on his face, a mixture of anticipation and eagerness was mirrored on the faces of his companions.
They had met each other on their first days in the Solanist Motherhouse and, in the five years they had been in training to be preachers, they had become firm friends.  They had been on their way to their first mission, where they would help to spread the word of the Lord Sol, who had created their world and shone down at them from the heavens, when James had overheard something that changed everything.  Someone in an inn where they had stayed mentioned that the legendary demon, Crystal Eyes, had been seen riding out of town.  It was too good an opportunity to pass up; after over forty years of preachers failing to catch her, here was a chance for three young preachers to write their names in the history of the Solanists as the ones who cleansed the world of Crystal Eyes' evil taint.  
They had questioned the people of the town until they found someone who could tell them the direction she had been heading and they had ridden out that night.
And now they were getting close, Kennedy could feel it.  He bent low over his horse’s sweat soaked neck and urged it on again.
They thundered around a bend and erupted from the dappled shade into blazing sunshine.  Before them, a long, verdant meadow stretched the length of a shallow valley, a rolling mass of vibrant green. 
A single figure, not very tall, wearing a long, leather, drover's coat and a wide-brimmed hat, stood at the centre of the meadow; an anomaly in the rolling carpet of grass.
In a cloud of dust they brought their horses to a violent halt, the exhausted beasts hanging their heads and gasping for air.  It was her, it had to be, and now they had her!
Kennedy felt his heart pounding as the adrenaline surged through his veins.  This was going to make him rich and famous and earn him a place of honour in the Hall of the Preachers - he could hear the applause already, could almost picture the cheering crowds and the house that he would buy for himself and his bride of three months, Jasmine.
With an exultant cry, one echoed by his companions, he dug his spurs into the horse’s scarred, heaving sides, forcing it into a last, desperate gallop.
They rushed through the grass, their horses leaving a wake of waving stalks spreading out behind them as the horses' long strides ate up the distance between them and their target.
Kennedy drew his pistol and fired, though he was still too far away to hit anything.
The figure didn’t flinch.
Kennedy grinned, and cocked the pistol again - there was nothing but glory ahead of him now.
 
Crystal watched them ride out of the forest, clouds of dust billowing off their horses' hooves as they skidded to a halt.  She could easily see that the horses were unlikely to survive much longer; their chests were heaving and their flanks were frothed with sweat.
Her own horse was tethered off to her left, resting and eating the lush grass.  It was just the three preachers’ bad luck that they had managed to catch her up.
All three of them were covered in dust and each had several days’ worth of beard growth.
They started towards her, galloping down the valley, though to her they seemed to be ploughing slowly through the grass like the ancient, pre-Fall steam boat that had been returned to its original job running supplies up and down the Mississippi. 
The lead preacher drew a pistol; it looked cheap and badly maintained, there was dirt caked around the barrel.  He pulled the trigger and Crystal was mildly surprised to see the small explosion at the back of the pistol - she would have been prepared to bet money that it wouldn’t fire at all.  It even fired straight, though the man’s aim was way off.  She tracked the bullet as it flew past her, ten feet to her right.  Not a bad effort, considering he was still over a hundred metres away on a galloping horse.  Stupid thing to do though, wasting a bullet like that when you knew there was no chance of hitting what you were trying to aim at.
She could see the eagerness and excitement in his eyes - the pupils were dilated, the eyes wide, as if they wanted to drink in as much of this experience as possible.
He looked young, no older than twenty, twenty one at the most - he wouldn’t be getting any older.
 
This was just so easy, thought Kennedy.  She wasn’t moving; just standing there, waiting.  They were getting closer and closer, only forty metres separated them.  Feeling like he was the king of the world, he sighted down the length of the pistol barrel, between the ears of his horse, and pulled back the hammer.
Here we go!
 
Crystal watched him cock the pistol again.  They were close enough now, lumbering towards her; each one of the horses’ strides stretching slowly across the ground. 
She drew her pistols in a smooth, fluid motion.  Holding them at her hips, not needing to aim, she cocked them and fired both simultaneously.  Almost before the bullets had left the barrels she had cocked the left hand pistol for a second time and fired again.  The three bullets raced away, tiny vapour trails curling in their wake.
Two of the men fired.  One would shoot well wide, but the other would get within a respectable distance - only a few feet away. 
She re-holstered her guns; she didn’t need to do any more shooting.
 
Kennedy saw a flicker of motion and a flash of fire from the target as he pulled the trigger on his pistol, but she didn’t seem to have moved.  Then the world exploded.  The ground pin-wheeled away and swapped places with the sky.  Then it became the ground again as he slammed face first into it.  He bounced, rolling from the speed of his horse’s gallop, and landed on his back, staring up at the sky.
There was a dull ache in his chest and his back hurt.  He knew he ought to get up, pull his other pistol (he had dropped the one he'd been holding when he had, unaccountably, fallen from his horse), but for some reason he just couldn’t find the energy.
He tried to make sense of what had happened, but he couldn’t make any kind of connection between him sitting on his horse, charging triumphantly at his target, and where he was now, lying on his back staring up at a clear blue sky.  Although he was confused, he was fairly certain that things had not gone quite according to plan.
 
Crystal walked up to the first of the bodies and started going through the pockets.  There was little of use; his pistols were old and the bullets were a different calibre to the ones she wanted - she pocketed them anyway.  She could always sell them or, failing that, take out the gunpowder and melt down the lead so she could recast them.  No cash, sadly.
The second was much the same, although one of his guns might fetch a few dollars at a market in one of the badlands towns.
The third man was still clinging to life.  She could hear him gurgling; the horse‘s head had got in the way as she was shooting so she‘d had to aim slightly to the left side of his chest - one of his lungs had been torn apart by the bullet.
She dismissed him as being of no consequence; he would be dead fairly soon.
 
He tried to raise his hand, but there was no strength left in it.  He tried to speak, but his throat was filled with liquid and it was getting much harder to breathe.  Panic rising, he began to struggle, to cry out, to scream for help.  But all he managed was a gurgling, gasping sound.
It finally dawned on him that he had been shot.  This wasn’t how it was supposed to happen, he raged; this was meant to be his moment of glory!  But there would be no crowds cheering, no glory, no fame or fortune.  He would never see Jasmine again, or touch her smooth skin.  His child would be born and grow up, and he would be nothing more than a story; the man who went out one day and never returned.
Tears rolled down his face.  Oh Sol, he didn’t want to die here.  He tried to remember the prayers he had learned, but the memories fractured, leaving him nothing but fragments.
Oh Lord Sol, deliver me from the demons and devils, and…and…
The words slipped away, becoming jumbled together with a nursery rhyme his mother had sung to him when he was boy.  What would she think of him now, lying here?  Would she come looking for him, would she mourn?
Around him, the grass swayed as it had before, oblivious and uncaring, as his blood soaked into the soil.
Something was moving him.  There was someone there.  Help! he screamed in his head, but he only managed to produce a wet wheezing sound.  Please!
Nothing happened.  Then a moment of shock; whoever it was going through his pockets!
He tried to fend them off, but the most he could manage was to twitch his right arm.
They stopped, and the silhouette of a head blocked his view of the clear blue sky.  Though the face was lost in shadow he could still make out the shape of a pair of sunglasses and the thick, black hair tucked behind the ears - it was her.
She leaned further forward and he saw her face clearly for the first time. 
Her skin was so pale, almost pure white, and almost completely flawless; there was no imperfection other than a small, faint scar beneath her left eye.  She had a small, almost cute nose and a mouth that was perfectly formed, although the lips were thin and almost as pale as the rest of her face.  Above the sunglasses, a pair of thin, black eyebrows stood out starkly against the pale skin of her forehead.
There was still something…different about it though.  The jaw was slightly more angular than normal, and, as he looked closer, Kennedy noticed that rather than being a solid colour her skin was almost translucent, with strange, subtle planes making up the curves of her face, like almost invisible facets.  But it still looked like the face of a young woman, more or less.  He had been expecting something much worse; something more...demonic. 
He tried to tell her that she didn’t look as bad as everyone said, but nothing came out.  Suddenly, the reality of what was happening to him came crashing back and he started to panic again.
“Your left lung is punctured, and your chest cavity and airways are filling up with blood,” said Crystal Eyes.  Her voice was a flat, even monotone, devoid of inflection.  “You will be dead soon.”
“Help me,” Kennedy managed to whisper.
She tilted her head slightly to one side.  “No.”
“Please!”
“There is no point.  Your injuries are too severe.”
Kennedy coughed, blood pouring out of his mouth.  “But I don’t want to die,” he pleaded.
“Then you should not have come after me,” was Crystal’s unsympathetic response.  She held up his gun-belt and examined the contents critically.  “You really should have taken better care of your equipment.”
The world was starting to slip away from him; the colours at the edge of his vision were bleeding away, fading to grey, and then to black.  His eyes darted around, desperate to look for a way out, or maybe just desperate to see as much as possible before it vanished forever. 
The sky had never looked so blue.  Kennedy clung to it desperately, like a drowning man trying to keep his head above the water.  As the edges of his vision began to contract, he realised there was one thing that he wanted to see.
“Can I look at your eyes?” he gasped.
Crystal lowered the bullet she was examining.  “Why?”
“Please…”
Crystal’s face appeared in his vision again, much closer this time.  A hand as pale as her face appeared and removed the sunglasses.
Kennedy stared speechlessly upwards.
The sun’s dying light struck the side of her face, turning the white skin golden.  And set in the almost luminescent skin, a pair of jewels shone, glowing like a fire as the sun’s rays caught them.  Blazing white hot in the light, the colours faded quickly, going from a light, pale green, through a darker, emerald colour, and finally to an iridescent green so dark it was almost black.
Kennedy had never seen anything like it.  In awe, he gazed into them, peering deeper and deeper into their depths.  It was like staring up into the night sky; it seemed at first to be impenetrably black, but then you’d notice spots of light, stars whirling by, glowing clouds of colour on the very edge of sight. 
He reached for them, floating higher into the comforting, green-dark night.
 
Crystal shook her head in bemusement, replaced her sunglasses and went back to examining bullets.  People would often slip into a trance looking into her eyes; she’d never been able to understand why.  She’d asked someone once, but all they’d done was mumble something vague about stars.
That was the last bullet, and only about a third of them had been worth saving.  She packed up everything she’d salvaged from the three bodies and carried it over to where her horse was resting.
Looking down the glade, she could see that of the three now riderless horses, only one was still on its feet.
She started walking towards them; you never knew, they might have something useful in their saddlebags.

~~~~


Chapter 4

Alice Darnell stared up at the large, carved symbol of Sol that hung over the altar of the main Solanist church in New Atlanta.  The ten-foot wide circle of polished oak, with its gold embossed rays radiating out from the centre, was an imposing sight; one that had never failed to inspire a certain amount of awe, if not holy fervour, in her.  But now it brought her only fear.  Surreptitiously, she glanced at her fellow worshippers.
The older ones had expressions of wide-eyed devotion, but the younger members of the congregation had the typical, bored look of children who have been forced to sit in a cold, draughty church on hard and unyielding seats, seats which may well have been good for the soul but left a lot to be desired as far as the posterior was concerned.
Feeling a lot of sympathy for the youngsters, Alice shifted her weight to try and ease the ache in her lower back and fought back a sigh.  She was tall – around five feet ten – and the low backrests of the pews provided no support for her back at all.  Between that, the dull throbbing that had started in her head, probably as a result of tying her long brown hair into an absurdly tight bun, and worry about her husband, Carl, she was finding it even more difficult than normal to concentrate.  At least the pain was stopping the cloying scent of the incense from sending her to sleep or making her throw up.
She tried once again to focus her attention on the sermon, but it was the same as all the others she had sat through and her attempt failed, her mind wandering after no more than a few seconds.
Thou shalt not do this, and thou shalt not do that, and beware of the demons.  All very familiar – she wondered if it had ever meant anything to her, if she had ever really believed that the sun in the sky was some great, munificent yet vengeful deity.  It all sounded so absurd to her now.
The preacher was in fine form today, filled with holy fire and brimstone, and he didn’t seem to be in any immediate danger of running out of steam.  She let her mind drift away, making sure she kept an expression of intense interest on her face – it was something she had become very accomplished at.
Where was Carl, she wondered.  It had been a month and half since he had left.  “Family business out of town,” she told their friends and neighbours.  “He’ll be back soon.”  But would he?  She hadn’t expected it to take this long.  She knew people were starting to talk, and she had been on the receiving end of more than a couple of curious looks since she had taken her seat, alone, in the church for the fifth sermon in a row.  Attention was the last thing they wanted but there didn’t seem to be any way round it.
The worries and imagined disasters suddenly crowded around her again, just as they had every night since he had left.
The house seemed too quiet without him, her bed too big and empty.  She had taken to going up to the attic at night and staying with her daughter, Abby, or even inviting her down to stay in the room Alice normally shared with Carl – something they never normally risked, for fear of a neighbour popping round or someone in a room across the street catching a glimpse of the young girl…woman, she corrected herself.
It provided her with some small measure of comfort, but she still couldn’t sleep properly.  Instead her mind worked constantly, thinking about the dangerous journey down to Carson City – a town that sat on the shifting boundary between the civilised world and what had become known as the badlands; a place, if one believed the stories, which was entirely peopled by devils, demons and the damned; a place that might, against all likelihood, be their salvation.
She feared that someone in the trade-caravan he had taken passage with would discover the real reason behind his trip, or that they would be attacked by a bandits, or demon reivers.  Was he there, in Carson City?  Had he found them, the two men they had heard about?
Everyday she expected to get a knock on the door from the preachers, telling her that her husband had died and would she mind if they came and had a quick look around her house, but the knock never came.
As the preacher droned on, exhorting them to save their souls and root out the evil demons in their midst (Abby evil?), Alice thought about the two men, who were really no more than names to her: Tarak and Drake.  They were reputed to be two of the best escorts and guides to the badlands, willing to take anyone, as long as the price was right.  Getting their names had been dangerous enough; Carl had gone in disguise to some of the roughest parts of town and asked subtle, deadly questions, hoping each time that he wasn’t talking to a Solanist spy or an informer looking to make some quick and easy money.
He had done it though.  He had discovered the names and the place they were most likely to be found and had ridden off to find them, carrying pretty much every last cent they possessed.
Suddenly the big church bell rang, snapping her out of her reverie, and she realised the service was over.  Thank Sol, she thought, wryly smiling at her own choice of words.
Alice stood and stretched, feeling the stiff muscles in her back pop.  She towered over all of the women and most of the men in the church.  She had heard rumours that some of her “friends” amongst the congregation had suggested that her unusual height might mean she was in some way “cursed” or “demonic”.  She smiled at the thought as she walked out through the thick, oak doors of the church and into the muddy streets beyond.
 
A bell rang out somewhere in the city, the sound chasing down streets and alleyways, rolling over the rooftops like a wave.  The low, sonorous chime broke the stillness of the attic and caused a brief dust-fall from the rafters.  The minute particles shimmered for a moment as they fell through the shaft of sunlight streaming in through the room's only window, then they vanished from sight, merging with the dust on the floor and between the floorboards.
The room’s sole occupant looked up from the book she was reading, her secondary eyelids flickering across her eyes to keep the dust out.  Thinking several rude words, which her mother would have been surprised to learn she knew, Abby brushed the dust off the plain white dress she was wearing with a scaled hand.  Then she tilted the book on to its side and gave it a half-hearted shake.
She settled down and tried to recover the thread of concentration.  It was no use; the book – a badly written history book that she suspected was wholly inaccurate – had been sending her to sleep anyway.  Attempting to regain what little interest she'd had in its stultifying, needlessly wordy prose was a futile effort.
She closed the book with a satisfying thump and crawled over to the window on her hands and knees.  Being careful not to disturb the net curtain (a necessary precaution, according to her mother) Abby peered out at the serried ranks of the city's rooftops.  Slate tiles gleamed in the morning sun, some of them steaming slightly as the day's heat evaporated away the last remnants of the night's rainfall.  A flock of pigeons flapped past to land across the street, obscuring it beneath a moving carpet of birds. 
The street below was quiet, most of the people having made their way to church, but the odd soul wandered by, slipping and sliding on the mud.  The rain had turned the hard, packed earth of their street into a mud-pit, same as it always did.  Her mother, Alice, had told her that their next door neighbour – a large, pompous man by the name of Corin – had written several increasingly sharp letters to the town council in protest at this.  He had apparently been assured each time that they were very high on the list to receive proper pavements and cobblestones.
They had been "high on the list" for at least five years now.  Privately, Abby was convinced that the continued absence of paving was a direct result of the man's complaining – she guessed that each letter probably lowered them down the list about five places.
From what little she'd seen of the man, spying from the upstairs landing despite all of her mother's warnings, he was probably in church right now making sure that he sang louder than everyone else.  Doubtless he would also be first in line to shake hands with the preacher and compliment him – at full volume, of course – on another fine service.  According to her mother, he would then embark on a ten-minute discourse on the many and varied ways the world was stacked against him.  Alice had confessed to Abby that she had, every now and then, felt a certain amount of grudging sympathy for the beleaguered preacher.  She claimed she had seen him trying to make a dignified and surreptitious run for it as Corin approached on more than one occasion.
Out in the street, a horse-drawn cart sloshed past, splashing a passer-by who was too slow getting out of the way.  The man, now coated with mud from the chest down, hurled a torrent of abuse at the cart driver's retreating back but if the driver heard him he gave no indication.
Abby hissed in amusement, her forked tongue flicking out so quickly it was no more than a flicker.  She turned away from the window and surveyed her room.  The amusement faded, replaced by the all too familiar boredom.  This attic, with its cunningly concealed entrance, had been her home for most of the fourteen years she had been old enough to sleep alone.  She knew every inch of the rafters and beams, every knot in the wood, every twist in the grain; and there wasn't a single part of the pattern on the faded rug in the centre of the room that she didn't know by heart and she'd long since memorised every creak and groan of the floorboards.
She had read every one of the few books her parents could afford (it was the fourth time she had read the history book) and played with every one of the small collection of toys until she was almost insane with boredom.
Only the small collection of adventure stories her father had found still held any interest for her, and she could practically recite them word for word without even looking at the page.  They were supposedly true tales of excitement and daring-do, of heroic gunfighters like Rolande Deschain or Jerusalem Jon Shannow fighting against evil landowners and tyrants.  Her father swore blind that he had, in his youth, once seen Rolande Deschain in a bar – you could tell who he was because he was missing three fingers from one hand.  Even as an old man, her father said, he was still deadly, and his cold blue eyes could still strike fear into the heart of anyone.
She longed to run through the streets, feel the wind blowing through her hair, the rain on her scales and skin; to go to these taverns her father spoke of; to see if she could meet the legendary figures she had read about, even though she suspected they were no more than myths.  But to do that would mean either a quick, painful death by fire, or a long, lingering death as a slave; the Solanists might despise and fear those like her but they weren't above using them.
Unless her father found the men he was looking for.  This was the dream she cherished, the one that had kept her from going stir-crazy in the tiny little world she inhabited.  It seemed so precious and so fragile that she almost didn’t dare think about it, in case thinking about it caused it to crack and shatter.  But to not think about it was impossible.
She rose easily to her feet and ran with practised silence across to the bed.  Sinking back into the thick eiderdown she let herself imagine all the places she could see and the things she could do, if only her dad could find the right men.
Her imagination wandered further.  She rode across an open, grassy plain, her horse running effortlessly across the gently rolling landscape.  She was older in this fantasy, a young woman in her early to mid-twenties, and the dark red hair that her mother made her keep cropped to shoulder length reached down to her waist and streamed out behind her as she rode.  Twin pistols sat comfortably on her hips, their solid weight a reassuring presence.
The empty landscape, free from fear and the threat of strangers, the motion of the horse beneath her and the sun’s warmth on her scales – it was wondrous.
But she wasn’t alone here; looking to her right she could see the other horsewoman.
Tall, slim and graceful, she rode like she was born to it.  Flowing black hair coiled out behind her, an undulating, gleaming river that stretched out for miles, and her skin was the colour of polished alabaster.  She wore two guns that mirrored Abby’s own.
But her eyes!  They shone brighter than the sun, a blaze of green fire that nothing could extinguish.  Crystal Eyes, looking just as she did on the cover of the small storybook, her favourite, that Abby’s father had sneaked up to her (her mother would give them both a sound telling off if she ever found that one), smiled warmly across at her.
Everything would be okay now – nothing could possibly harm them.
The fantasy faded and Abby sank into a sleep filled with dreams of adventures and gunslingers.
 
Will you just get lost! thought Alice.  She had bumped into that pompous idiot, Corin, on the way out of church despite her best efforts to evade him, and the overbearing prig had elected to walk her home.
“Not safe, a young woman such as yourself walking alone through the streets,” he had blustered as she had politely, but ultimately unsuccessfully, tried to make him leave her alone. 
It had almost been worth having to listen to the fool blather on to see him slip in the mud and come very close to falling flat on his face.  It needed all of Alice’s will power to stop herself from giving him the extra nudge he needed.
She was regretting her restraint now though, as she was sitting in her kitchen having to listen to the man rant on about how everyone seemed to be conspiring against him (the continued lack of paving in the street outside was merely one of the many grievances he felt – his near fall had moved it well up the list though).  It was probably just as well she couldn’t get a word in edgeways otherwise she would have made a few pointed comments about people who were too thoughtless to wipe the mud off their feet before they walked through someone’s home.  Not that the self-centred idiot would have noticed.
And she was sure she had heard a faint hissing sound a couple of minutes ago; it had sounded just like the noise Abby made when she laughed.
“And then there’s the mice!” exclaimed Corin.  The comment was just strange enough to drag her attention back to the conversation.
“The what?” she asked, trying to hint with the tone of her voice that she didn’t really care and she wished he’d go away.
“There’s a plague of mice on this street, you must have noticed.  I know Mrs. Fennigham has.”
Ah yes, thought Alice.  Mrs. Fenningham: The shrillest woman in the world.
“Have you not seen them?  Little plague-ridden, furry devils that they are.”
“Er, yes,” lied Alice.  “I’ve spotted a couple of them.”  Oh yeah, as if there was a rodent anywhere on this Earth that would enter a house where Abby lived.
“Knew you would have.  Anyway, I can’t stop, got lots to do.  Farewell, dear Alice.”
He stood and bowed formally to her, whilst she tried very hard to keep the relief from showing on her face.
“Thank you, Corin.  Do call round again, it’s always nice to see you.”
“A pleasure, my dear, a veritable pleasure.  Give my regards to your husband when he returns.”  There was a world of curiosity and unasked questions in Corin’s last sentence, which Alice chose to ignore completely.
“I will, Corin, and thank you.”
Though he was clearly dissatisfied with her response, he allowed himself to be ushered out.
“Do you think he will be back soon?” he asked as stepped out into the street.
Alice felt herself getting angry with him; how dare this worthless parasite come scuttling round here hunting for gossip!  But she kept her voice even and her expression polite, even as she fought the urge to slap his overstuffed face.
“I’m sure it will take as long as it takes and he will be back as soon as he is able.”  She closed the door firmly before he had the chance to say anymore.
She heard an indignant “harrumph” from the other side of the door and then blessed silence reigned.
“Are you sure you don’t want me to bite him?” hissed a quiet voice from the shadows of the stairway to the first floor.
Alice laughed softly.  “Tempting,” she whispered back.  “But I think it would cause more trouble than it's worth.  I heard you laughing before – didn’t I tell you not to come downstairs if we had visitors?”
“Yes mother, I’m sorry,” said Abby, looking anything but contrite as she walked silently down the stairs.
“Deceitful child,” said Alice, smiling up at her daughter.  “But what if he had seen you?”
Abby smiled, and just for a second a forked tongue flicked out between the two needle-sharp fangs that hinged down from her upper jaw.  “He’s too slow to see me.  He barely even sees you and you were sitting right in front of him.”
“True, but why take the risk, unless you do it just to torment your poor old mother.”
“Oh mother,” exclaimed Abby, jumping lightly down the last few steps and hugging Alice.  “You’re not old!”
“I know, dear, but sometimes I feel it.”  She looked down at her daughters face, suddenly noticing that Abby was a lot closer to being eye-to-eye with her than she had realised.  She smoothed a stray strand of dark-red hair back from Abby’s face and gently stroked her face, running her fingertips down from Abby’s temple, over the smooth scales and feeling the texture change as she reached the patch of more normal, human skin on her cheeks.  “Just promise me you’ll be careful.”
“Of course mother.”  Abby darted forward, rattlesnake fast, and kissed Alice on the cheek.
Startled by the sudden movement, Alice blinked.  By the time her eyes opened, her daughter had vanished from sight.  She sighed; it was easy, sometimes, to forget that Abby wasn’t entirely human.  And then she would do something like that, move far quicker than any human could, and it would suddenly bring home to Alice just how different Abby was.
Abby popped her head through the door that lead to the kitchen, hissing a chuckle as Alice jumped in surprise.  “Would you like a cup of coffee?”
“Devilish child,” muttered Alice, to the tune of further laughter.  “Yes please, I think it’s the least you could do after that.  You scared at least five years out of me!”
“Sorry, mother,” said Abby, as unrepentant as before, then she vanished from view, back into the kitchen.
As she waited for her heart rate to return to something resembling its normal rhythm she could hear the familiar clanking of the cast-iron kettle being set on to the hot stove.
She would have to go and help – Abby always put too much milk in her coffee – and perhaps she could persuade the wilful child to make a bit less noise and stop terrifying her poor mother.

~~~~


Chapter 5
 
The wind blew down the central street of Bridgeton, dragging the loose dirt of the road surface up into swirling dust devils that danced and twisted until the wind died down.
Carl Darnell sheltered in the lee of the town’s ramshackle general store and, not for the first time, wished fervently that he was back at home.  He had been hanging around this hideous place for three days now, assured by a barman in the last town (just another in a long list of nameless, dead end towns that had started with that hell-hole Carson City) that the subjects of his search were due to turn up at any day.  Mind you, that’s what he’d heard about the last three places he’d visited – so far all he’d found were rumours and vague descriptions, mostly contradictory.  He was fairly sure he’d know them when he saw them though – the only thing that all the descriptions agreed on was that the pair were very distinctive, though in what way remained a mystery. 
So far he had seen no one even vaguely distinctive, just lots of dirt covered, exhausted looking people trying to scrape together a living in a pointless little town that had sprung up purely because it sat on a crossroads and there was, apparently, a spring.  There was an inn, he had to admit, but it wasn’t the last word in luxury and comfort.  The bed was hard and the beer contained more than its fair share of water (and he was sure that water was far from being the worst thing that got added to it), but it beat lying on the ground, drinking stale water from his canteen.  It was, however, a further drain on his finances.  Not a big drain, admittedly, but every penny he didn’t spend was one more he could offer to Tarak and Drake.  Assuming he ever managed to find them.
He pulled his coat tighter about his shoulders and cursed the wind that seemed to be reaching his skin unopposed by the coat, the pullover and the shirt he wore.  The dust managed to find its way into every last scrap of his clothing as well. 
There was another gust, making his eyes tear up.  The bar of the inn – a spartan, chilly place – was starting to seem much more inviting.  He wondered if he might be able to persuade the portly, tight-fisted innkeeper to light the fire in the barroom.  But going in the inn would mean spending money as the innkeeper was forcefully opposed to letting people sit in his bar without an overpriced drink in their hands.  He also took a dim view of people sipping the same drink for hours, something Carl preferred to do given the price of the beer and its high water content.  It was feeble stuff anyway; even if he was inclined to try and get drunk he would probably just get bored and go to bed long before he reached the limit of either his stamina or his purse.  The liquor was better but at an even more inflated price.
He would have liked to ask the owner of the inn if she had ever seen or heard of Tarak and Drake, but that was a risky strategy.  This place was right on the borders of the cursed lands – there was a chance, albeit a slim one, that she could be a Solanist.  If she was then it was quite possible that she would turn him in.  The other problem that had occurred to him was that she might think he was a Solanist spy and warn Drake and Tarak off before he had a chance to talk to them. 
So he played the waiting game, and stayed standing out on the street on the off chance that the two he sought would wander past.
It was another two days before they did.
 
Looking nothing whatsoever like the hardened wanderer he was pretending to be, with a balding, sun burned head, narrow shoulders and round spectacles, Carl stood in the bar of the inn, trying to massage some life back into his stiff, numb fingers as the barman poured him a whisky.  The biting wind outside had been getting steadily worse, and not only was it chilling him to the bone, it was also making all the travellers who passed him wrap up as much as possible - it had been hours since he’d last seen anyone’s face.  The town, which had up until that morning been like a ghost town, had suddenly become much busier (and for the first time since he'd arrived, the fire in the bar was roaring merrily away.  He noticed that the price of drinks had gone up as well).  He had learned, finally, after failing to get an answer to his queries from several of the people who hurried past, that a caravan into the heart of the badlands was forming in the town. 
It was then that he decided that standing out in the cold was a pointless exercise.
The bar was crowded, filled with itinerant traders, bodyguards, gunmen and a few small groups who huddled away in the corners of the room, trying to look inconspicuous.
They were, he surmised, probably refugees; families running away to the badlands in the hope of finding a life that would be, if not easier, at least a little longer than the one they could look forward to in the so-called civilised world.
From what he’d seen on his admittedly brief travels, Carl felt that they were likely to end up disappointed.  The thought that perhaps this was all a terrible idea had been growing steadily in his mind – perhaps a better idea might just be to take his family and disappear into some remote corner of the country, far away from the Solanists.  If either he or Alice had known even the slightest thing about living off the land he’d have left now.  But they didn’t, so he kept hanging around in the hope that salvation would walk in the door and go, “Hello – all your troubles are over”.
Still, at least he now had some idea about what to expect.  Alice was not going to like it, he thought with a wry smile.
At last, his whisky arrived.  He counted out the exact money on to the bar (he’d experienced the barman’s somewhat creative attitude to change-giving the first time he had bought a drink here) and gratefully sipped the golden liquid.  They might give short-change here, and, as he looked at his drink, they might not clean their glasses very well, but the whisky was very nice.  The beer on the other hand, well that was something else altogether (although, from the taste of it, the something else almost certainly wasn’t actually beer).
He turned and leaned his back against the bar.  The wooden floor of the barroom was almost invisible between the packs and bags that seemed to occupy every spare inch of floor space.  The few narrow avenues through the luggage were thick with the red dust of the road outside.  Every chair was taken, every table surrounded by travel-stained, tired looking people, many of whom might well have looked “distinctive” after a chance to clean up.  It was impossible to tell if any of them were Tarak or Drake.
As he was taking another small sip of his whisky he felt a slight touch on his elbow.  He turned round to discover the barman beckoning him closer.  He leaned in.  The barman started to speak, but stopped when another man arrived to stand next to Carl at the bar.
He motioned Carl to move a little further down the bar, away from the new arrival who, from the colour of his clothes, had just lately arrived in town.  He had very tanned skin and wore a pair of six-guns with unnerving naturalness.  Carl couldn’t take his eyes of them; even after all this time in the uncivilised world he still couldn’t get used to the idea of people carrying around firearms so casually.
“You were looking for them escorts, right?” the barman whispered.  Carl caught the distinct whiff of whisky on his breath.  “Drake and Tarnak?”
“Maybe,” replied Carl, without correcting the man.  It was fairly common knowledge around town by now but there was no sense in being too obvious.  The barman raised his eyebrows scornfully.
“Well,” he said, “if you maybe want to meet them, they’re sitting at the other end of the bar.”  He nodded his head towards two rough looking, unshaven men sitting at the bar, both were sipping whisky and watching him intently.  Their clothes were stained the same dull red as the bar’s floor.
Carl, his heart pounding with nerves and the prospect of reaching the end of this tiresome quest, pushed himself away from the bar and started to make his way through the crowd towards them, but with a nod of his head one of the men indicated that Carl should head outside.
Carl knocked back the last of his whisky, putting the empty glass back on a table already overcrowded with finished drinks, and headed for the saloon door.  Outside, the wind was, if anything, even stronger than it had been before.  Wagon after wagon rumbled past, carrying both people and goods, surrounded by swarms of outriders.  He was watching one wagon, covered in dirty, off-white canvas, as it trundled up the road, smiling at the small girl with the solemn expression who was peering out from the dark entrance.  A hand dragged her roughly back into the shelter of the wagon.  Looking away from the wagon he noticed that he was being closely scrutinised by a dangerous looking man riding alongside.  He was wearing the typical rider’s uniform of long, brown coat and a matching hat.  A kerchief was pulled across his face to protect against the dust, leaving only a pair of sharp, knowing eyes exposed, framed by mahogany skin.  On the other side of the wagon was a man so big that Carl thought he must be some kind of giant; the long coat he wore could have doubled as a tent for anyone of normal size.  He had also covered his mouth and nose with a kerchief, but he wore no hat to hide the shock of bright red hair that sat like a flame atop his head. 
They looked “distinctive”.
But then the two men from the bar walked past, one of them growling “Follow us” in a low voice.  When Carl looked back round, the two riders and the wagon had moved off down the street.
Carl frowned, wondering if he was making a mistake, but the two men were beckoning so he followed them along an alleyway that ran down the side of the hotel.  They stopped and turned to face him, giving Carl his first proper look at them.  They were both fairly tall, somewhere around the six foot mark, and lean.  Both wore the same style clothing: long coat, jeans, coarse shirt, batted looking hat and, of course, a pair of pistols.
The one nearest to him turned.  His face was grizzled and he had the kind of tan you only got from spending your life riding in the open.  A thick, ragged scar ran the length of his right cheek, giving him a crooked mouth that was locked in a permanent sneer.  He looked like a dangerous man.
His partner carried on to the other end of the alleyway, looked around, and then walked back to where Carl and the scarred man were standing.  “All clear,” he said in a gravelly voice.
“Right.”  The scarred man looked at Carl with cruel eyes.  “So, you’re looking for, er, Tarak and Drake, right?”
Carl nodded warily and with an ever growing sinking feeling.  It occurred to him that he was in a very vulnerable position; standing alone in an alleyway with two armed men that he didn’t know.  He was starting to regret this.
“Excellent!” said the scarred man, clapping his hands together enthusiastically.  “And you can pay?”
Carl nodded again, more convinced than ever that this was starting to go wrong.  “It’s up in my room,” he said.  In actual fact it wasn’t; he hadn’t trusted the hotel’s few staff and so he had taken to carrying the money around with him.  He could feel it now, tucked securely into his trousers’ waistband.  It was probably his imagination, but it felt as if it was getting bigger and heavier.
“Really, really,” said the scarred man, stroking his chin thoughtfully.
Carl was concentrating so hard on the scarred man he didn’t even see the other man throw the punch that sent him crashing to the ground.  The first he knew of it was when he felt the sudden, stabbing pain on the left hand side of his face and the whole world turned white with swirling, coloured dots.
Dimly, he was aware that someone was rifling through his clothing.  He tried to push them off, but for some reason his arms weren’t working properly.  Then something slammed into his stomach and what little fight he’d had left in him evaporated.  He was sinking down into a warm pool; he’d never felt so relaxed.
“Got it!” he thought he heard someone say, followed by the sound of another person clearing their throat, and then the warm waters closed over him and the world went dark.
 
Carl blinked slowly, gently, feeling as if any sudden motion might cause his head to explode.  It was turning out to be quite a strange night. 
He had risen from the dark depths of unconsciousness to find himself sitting in the alleyway, his back propped up against the wall.  Through blurred vision, he saw the black man he had seen riding past earlier was crouched down in front of him, grinning broadly.  Behind the black man, one of the two men who had beaten him up was lying lifeless on the floor of the alley.  The other was being held up by his ankle and vigorously shaken by the giant red-haired man, who didn’t appear to be having to make any real effort.
Carl shook his head, which made the whole world spin again; the darkness rose once more and he receded back into unconsciousness.
The next thing he knew he was lying on the bed in his hotel room.  He had a splitting headache and most of his body hurt, but his mood was better than it had been in a long time; all his money had been returned to him and not only that, the targets of his search, Drake and Tarak, were in front of him right now.
Tarak, the large red-haired man, with shoulders almost as broad as Carl was tall, was sitting on a chair that Carl had thought large and comfortable – it looked like a toy beneath Tarak.
Drake was leaning nonchalantly against the wall.  Where Tarak was large and barrel-chested, Drake was lean and quick, taut muscles easily visible on his bare arms, and where Tarak's skin was red from the wind and sun, Drake's was a deep, dark brown like the molasses that Alice made sometimes.   He had a poised alertness to him, and an easy smile that conveyed a likeable nature but also held no small amount of restrained menace.
Although Tarak was the most physically intimidating, it was Drake who came across as the more dangerous.
It had been four hours since he was attacked in the alleyway and the sun had sunk below the horizon, there was only a deep orange glow silhouetting some distant hills visible through the room's dusty window.
His room was sparsely lit by two small oil lamps, and the darkness was made even more pronounced by the fact that Tarak was blocking the light from one of the lights completely; his huge, grotesque shadow completely covered the opposite wall.
In the dimness, Drake, with his black leather jerkin and brown skin that was so dark as to be almost black, was nothing more than a shadowy ghost.  Every now and then, as he shifted slightly, the smooth skin of his bare arms would catch the light and gleam brightly.
Carl sat up very slowly, every muscle, bone and joint joining together in a chorus of protest.
“How are you feeling?” asked Tarak, who Carl could now see was hunched over in a self-conscious and completely unsuccessful attempt to avoid looming.  “That was quite a beating you took.”
“Fine,” lied Carl.  “Is there any water?”  He thought for a moment, considering the after-effects of the last time he’d tried the water in the inn, and added, “Or whisky?”  This brought a bark of laughter from the shadowy figure at the other end of the small room.
“A man after my own heart!” exclaimed Drake.
Tarak shook his head, ignoring his friend’s exuberant outburst.  “There’s plenty of water, and it’s clean too – alcohol’s not a good idea after you’ve been knocked out.”  He stood up, his head scraping the ceiling even when he bowed his head so that his chin was resting on his chest.  He poured water from a jug on the nightstand into a clear glass that looked like a child’s toy in his hands.  He passed the glass to Carl, who took it gratefully, and then sat back down.  The chair creaked ominously as his weight settled on to it.
Carl sipped tentatively at the water.  No drink had ever tasted sweeter; fresh and deliciously cold.
Tarak and Drake waited as Carl drained the glass.  The chilled water made his teeth hurt, but right at that moment it didn’t bother him in the slightest.
When the last drop had gone, he carefully placed the empty glass on the rickety bedside table – it looked like it was held together with dust and hope rather than anything as conventional as, say, nails or glue – leaned his head back against the pillow that was propped up behind him and closed his eyes.
After several seconds of silence, someone cleared their throat.  Carl opened his eyes again and looked quizzically at the two men who were watching him.
“What?” he asked.
“Well,” said Tarak, choking back a laugh, “we were wondering, just out of curiosity you understand, what it was you wanted to see us about.”
Carl felt a sudden burst of confusion.  “I didn’t tell you then?”  The two men shook their heads.  “I was sure I had.”  He paused, frowning, for a couple of seconds then his face brightened.  “Doesn’t matter.  I heard that you two escort, er, how can I put it…?”  He frowned again.  “Let’s say ‘special’ children into the badlands.”  Drake and Tarak glanced at one another then Drake shrugged.
“Seems genuine enough,” he said to his friend, then to Carl, “Yeah, we’ve been known to take the odd job like that, for the right price.  How can we help you?”
“Well,” said Carl, “it’s about my daughter, Abby.”

~~~~


Chapter 6

Crystal rode slowly down the dusty trail, swaying gently in the saddle with the rhythm of the horse’s walk.  There was no hurry.  Around her the green and yellow grasslands rolled away like a blanket, the grass swaying in the soft afternoon breeze.  Above her, the sun shone dimly through the thin covering of light grey clouds.  Ahead of her was the grandly named town of Carson City, sitting like a large, black carbuncle amidst the gentle colours of the plains.  It was a rough, dangerous place; one of the main stopping off points between the so-called civilised world and what was popularly known as the badlands.  It held no fear for Crystal though.  She had been through worse places than this many times and she didn’t think anyone would be in a hurry to cause trouble.  Ineffectual though it might be there was technically some law in Carson City. 
She paused briefly atop a small rise and looked down on the town. It had been almost seven years since she had last been through here; she wondered if it had changed much and if there was anyone there who would remember her.  Probably not, she concluded, seven years was a long time in these parts.  In fact, she doubted that most of the people there would even believe she existed at all; in the years she had been wandering the badlands she had become something of a myth, a scarcely believable tale told to entertain people or frighten children.  Every time she stayed in a tavern, she seemed to hear a new, thrilling tale about her exciting life, usually told by the resident attention-seeking drunk who was inevitably sitting next to the fire. 
The stories were always more or less the same; the tall, beautiful and deadly Crystal Eyes, packing guns that apparently had infinite ammunition and firing deadly rays from her eyes, would fight through impossible odds in the name of truth and justice, and at the end she would always get the guy, or sometimes the girl.  The ending of one particularly ribald tale she had heard had featured multiple guys, girls and a horse.  Lurking in the shadows at the back of the bar, she had choked on her whisky when the storyteller had reached that part.
The truth was rather less exciting and it had not yet featured any orgies, though Crystal had decided it might be worth trying one day.  Instead, life as the deadly outlaw “Crystal Eyes” mostly consisted of long hours in the saddle and solitary nights by the campfire, apart from the odd occasions when she ventured into town for supplies and to see if there was anyone looking to hire a gunslinger.  That wasn’t something she did often, however – too often a trip into town ended up with someone getting killed after they decided that a good way to make a quick buck was to collect the bounty on her head.
It didn’t bother her; this was the life she had chosen, or rather the life the world had chosen for her, and she was good at it.  She wasn’t cut out for the life of a teacher or a farmer.  And she definitely couldn’t envisage herself playing the part of the dutiful wife.
So, here she was, a gunslinger, riding into Carson, looking around at the shabby buildings and the dejected residents, all of whom shared the same miserable expression.  She couldn’t blame them, she’d be depressed too if she had to live in a place like this.  It was a dump.  People said that if Sol ever needed to give the world an enema then Carson is where he would stick it.  The buildings were made of old, stained, rotten wood, their roofs were generally loose collections of badly fitting tiles or rusting corrugated iron.  Narrow alleyways separated the buildings, dark and shadowy, their impenetrable depths promising a quick and easy solution to all of life’s problems.  Riding past these shadowy enclaves, Crystal could see the denizens staring at her with open curiosity, believing that the security of the dark would hide them from the gaze of passers-by.  They weren’t to know that darkness was no barrier to her.  She ignored them and rode on, heading for the saloon that she knew was squatting at the centre of town.
The bar of The Last Chance, a large, run down looking saloon long since abandoned by the witty owner who had named it, easily fifty feet across and almost as long, and it was very busy.  Practically every table was occupied; mostly by traders or cattlemen, going into or coming out of the badlands to sell their wares.  Many of them had been in the bar for several hours and were loud and boisterous in the way that only the truly drunk can be. 
As Crystal pushed the door open and entered, she was framed for a second in the doorway.  There was a brief dip in the level of noise as the rooms occupants looked at her appraisingly and tried to work out if she was someone to scare, or someone to be scared of.  Unimpressed by what they saw – a fairly short woman, maybe five feet two in height, with narrow shoulders and pale, almost white, skin, wearing a cowboy hat and dark sunglasses, with a checked shirt and jeans beneath a large drover’s coat that reached almost to the floor (and handily concealed her two pistols) – most turned away, making crude jokes and laughing.  But there were some who didn’t laugh, and who didn’t dismiss the newcomer. 
Crystal saw all this as she stood in the doorway, scanning the room in an instant.  There weren't many who stood out; most of the bar's occupants were the drunken fools who never looked properly, who only saw what was on the surface, never any deeper, but there were three men who did.  She recognised them for what they were - gunslingers - and knew that they had seen that she was one of their own.  One was standing, propped against the end of the bar, the other two were sitting on opposite sides of the room, all three of them sticking to the shadows as much as possible.  Each was positioned so that he had a clear view of the other two and of the entrance, and each was careful never to turn his back on the room. 
There were others in the room who also drew Crystal’s attention.  She could see four women who were dressed exactly like her, right down to the sunglasses, the long coat and the guns.  She laughed inwardly in amazement – imitators, trying to pass themselves off as her.  Now she understood why the room had dismissed her so easily; they assumed she was just another wannabe out for a thrill or touting for business.  Well that suited her just fine and she fervently hoped that she wouldn’t be called upon to disprove their misconceptions.
She made her way to the bar and ordered a bottle of whisky and a glass, then went to stand at the opposite end of the bar to one of the gunslingers; from here she had a good view of the whole room.
The other patrons of the bar continued with their revelry, utterly unaware of the game of chess that was going on around them.
As well as the three gunslingers, Crystal was also paying special attention to her four doppelgängers.  Sunglasses and general dress aside, none of them looked even slightly like her.  All were taller, all had tanned skin, and only one of them had the same black hair as Crystal, though it was a good deal longer and curlier and didn’t shine with the same strange blue-jet black lustre as Crystal’s.  Two of the others were blonde and the fourth was a red head.  The black-haired woman was sitting alone, sipping on a glass of murky beer and looking very self-conscious, the red head and one of the blondes appeared to be competing for the attention of a group of young drovers, and the remaining blonde looked as if she was negotiating something with a fat, over-dressed trader.  They were all very carefully ignoring her presence apart from one or two dirty looks that made it abundantly clear that the extra competition wasn’t welcome.
Over the next half hour Crystal drank a third of the bottle of whisky (which was, she suspected, heavily watered down), washing away the dust from the trail.  The other three gunslingers had managed about a glass and a half between them, trying to keep their heads clear, and were watching her with some puzzlement.  Gunslingers who got drunk in bars tended to have very short careers.  Crystal ignored them.  She knew it would take at least a full bottle of whisky (probably two of this watered down horse-piss, she thought disgustedly) before she started feeling the effects.  And even when she was three sheets to the wind she judged she was more than a match for these three.
Then the door of the bar opened and three men walked in.  Crystal cursed silently.  They were Solanist preachers; two younger men armed with shotguns, probably trainee acolytes, and an older, more senior preacher with two holstered pistols.  That was the problem with emerging from the badlands; all too often Crystal found herself encountering these "Missionaries of the Sun" as they liked to call themselves, like those three dumb kids a week ago.  Over the years she'd had to kill more than a few of them who were forcefully “spreading the word”.  To them, the "demons" were some cursed, evil abominations that had risen up and they had to cleanse them all in the name of Sol.  She had seen enough "cleansing".  On those infrequent nights when she slept, she could still smell the smoke from the fire, still hear the screaming in her dreams.
She stepped backwards into the shadows at the edge of the bar, standing so still that she almost seemed to merge with them.
She watched as the three men started checking the now much quieter occupants of the bar in a brazen manner that they would never have dared try if they were a little further into the badlands.  The people out there had little tolerance for religion, especially of the “do what we say, or else” variety; the demons who had run there to escape persecution were even less forgiving.  Many a preacher had found that out the hard way and died on their knees, staring up at the sun and wondering why their god had forsaken them in their hour of need.
But here, despite having no official sanction, the Solanists still wielded a lot of power and it wouldn't be wise to go against them. They had become the de facto law in most of the country, and it was Sol's law they enforced.
As she had known they would, the three men seized on the four lookalikes.  Roughly, ignoring their protestations of innocence, the men dragged them to the bar’s entrance and handcuffed their hands behind their backs.  They pulled off each of their sunglasses and snapped them.  The senior man, tall and bald with a large, circular, yellow badge denoting his rank, slapped one of them across the face.
“It is offensive to the Lord Sol to imitate the demons,” he sneered, almost spitting the last word.  “Punishment to be decided at the mission house.”  There was a horrifying, lascivious grin on his face that left the women in no doubt as to what the punishment might entail.
“What about the other one?” cried one of the women, the red head, now plainly terrified.
The preacher frowned and glared at her.  “What other one?”
Wordlessly, she nodded back towards the bar.  In the shadows, Crystal cursed the woman and her flapping tongue.  Everyone in the bar turned slowly around to look at the bar, their heads swivelling in perfect unison as if in a choreographed dance routine.
“You there!” shouted the preacher, peering at the almost invisible figure.  “Come out or it’ll be all the worse for you.”
Crystal calmly finished her drink and then stepped out of the shadows.  This was a familiar dance, and she knew, with ice-cold clarity, exactly how it was going to end.
Everyone in the bar watched her walk, unhurriedly and unfazed, down the centre aisle through the tables and the groups of drinkers.  With each smooth, measured step, the drovers coat swept back, flaring out behind her, revealing the two pistols she carried.  Now some of the more observant drinkers were spotting what the three gunslingers already knew.  This woman wasn’t like the four imitators.  Whether she was Crystal Eyes or not, this woman, with her cold, expressionless face, her easy walk, her air of quiet confidence, was dangerous. 
Quietly, trying to be as inconspicuous as possible, people started to edge away from the preachers and the centre of the bar.  Even the two trainee preachers were starting to look uneasy, licking their lips nervously and changing their grip on their guns.  Only the senior preacher, too old, too stuck in his ways and too sure of the control he had on the situation, seemed immune to the palpable sense of threat that was rolling off the approaching figure.
Crystal stopped about six feet in front of the nearest trainee and regarded him impassively, hidden behind the sunglasses, her arms hanging loosely by her side.
There was an expectant silence in the bar.
 
Brant, a trainee preacher on his first mission away from the relative safety of the Motherhouse in New San Francisco, edged forwards tentatively, still licking his lips, eyes fixed on the apparently passive figure in front of him.  Suddenly he thought back to his childhood.  He’d lived in a small village with his parents, both devout Solanists, and his brother.  But it wasn’t his family that was crowding his memories now – it was the man who’d lived next door.  He had been a grouchy old man who hated the local kids.  He had owned a dog; large and fluffy but just as bad tempered as its owner.  The dog used to lie on the porch, panting and staring out with an air of impassivity and total ambivalence.  But there had been one time when he and his brother had been playing in the street kicking a ball around, and the ball had rolled up to the front of the porch, not two metres from the dog.  Brant had walked tentatively up to the porch and the dog, just as he was doing now.  It hadn’t shown any interest at all in him, just watched him from beneath its bushy eyebrows, and he had relaxed, believing the dog to be completely harmless, and bent down to pick up the ball.  There had been a sudden blur of movement and a terrifying snarl as the dog had exploded off the porch, lunging at him, its mouth open wide, drool swinging from its gleaming teeth.  The impact had sent him flying backwards and the dog had lunged again.  The young Brant had watched wide-eyed, convinced he was about to die, as the mouth opened wide for a killing bite, only for the dog’s chain to reach its full extent and pull it up short.  Brant remained convinced that if it hadn’t been for that chain, he would have died that afternoon.
Approaching Crystal, he thought again of that dog, how impassive and harmless it looked, right up until the moment when it tried to rip his throat out.  “Could you –“ he croaked.  He cleared his throat and tried again.  “Could you please take your sunglasses off please?”
Calmly and slowly, Crystal ducked her head down, the brim of her hat covering the top half of her face, and raised her hands.  She pulled off the sunglasses, carefully folded up the arms, and tucked them into a pocket on the inside of her coat.  She dropped her hands back to her sides and, eyes shut, raised her head.  She paused for a moment, knowing the effect that this little bit of melodrama would have, and then opened them, meeting Brant’s gaze.
The breath caught in his throat as he looked into those eyes, those incredible eyes.  He’d heard about them of course, everyone had.  Stories were told about them from one end of the country to the other and had been for almost half a century.  But nothing could have prepared Brant for the shock of looking into their impenetrable depths.  It’s her, he realised in a daze.  It’s actually her.  It’s Crystal Eyes!
In the dark shadow cast by the rim of her hat, the features for which Crystal was named glittered with a cold, dark green fire.  From more than a few feet away, it looked as if her eyes were just two empty, black holes.  But from where he stood, Brant could see them clearly.  Two multi-faceted crystals were set into the almond shaped holes where her eyes should be, with a green lustre so dark it appeared to be black.  To Brant, it seemed as if they were infinitely deep, an endless abyss in which strange, distant stars glittered.  
It’s her, thought Brant again as he started to raise his shotgun, and I’ve got her – I’m the one who got her!  
He died still believing it.
 
The fraction of a second that Brant was distracted by her eyes was far more than Crystal needed.  In a movement so fast it wasn’t even a blur to those watching, Crystal drew her pistols, levelled the left hand one at the centre of Brant’s chest, so close that the barrel was almost touching his shirt, and fired.  The bullet smashed through Brant’s ribcage without slowing, obliterated his heart and exited out through his back in a spurt of blood and bone, narrowly missing the head of the black haired imitation Crystal.
Brant slowly folded up, dead before he hit the floor, the front of his shirt scorched by the blast from the pistol.  But before he was even halfway to the floor, while the echo from the first shot was still ringing around the bar, Crystal fired twice more.  The first shot, fired from the right hand gun, hit the other trainee preacher in the right temple, smashing his skull and ploughing through the soft tissue of his brain, killing him instantly.  The second shot, from the same pistol that had killed Brant, took the preacher in the throat before his hands had even begun to move towards his own pistols.  He clutched his hands to his throat in a futile attempt to stem the fountain of blood and staggered backwards out through the bar’s doors, leaving them swinging back and forth. 
In a blur, Crystal span round, her coat fanning out behind her, and dropped to one knee.  Instantaneously, seeing everything in a two hundred degree arc from one side to the other with perfect clarity, she checked the entire bar for anyone who had decided to take advantage of the situation and claim the bounty on her head for themselves.  Most of the people in the bar were just struggling to get out of the line of fire, but there were two who had drawn their guns – the two gunslingers who had been sitting on either side of the room. 
The third, the one by the bar, had wisely decided to duck down and stay out of trouble, but the other two had believed there was an opportunity to be seized and were firing at her.  They were fast by normal, human standards; to Crystal they were moving in slow motion.  She rolled backwards as the bullets whined overhead, through the space her head had just occupied, then rose back up on to one knee.  Arms crossing in front of her, left over right, she raised, aimed and fired both guns simultaneously. 
The bullets found their targets with unerring accuracy, slamming both men backwards against the side walls.  They slid down, leaving twin red trails of blood on the wooden walls (stains that the bar’s owner would leave and use as a morbid tourist attraction for years to come).
The echoes from the gunshots died away, leaving a tense, uneasy silence.  Crystal waited, watching the crowd, guns still drawn and cocked.
When it became clear that no-one else was willing to try their luck, Crystal stood and re-holstered her pistols.  She removed her sunglasses from her coat pocket and replaced them over her eyes.  Then she pointed towards the fat trader that the blonde "Crystal" had been speaking to.  “You.” 
The man raised his head slightly above the overturned table he was using as a shelter.  “Yes?” he replied nervously.
“What was she talking to you about?” 
He cleared his throat.  “I thought she was, well, you.”  He shot a dirty look at the woman who was cowering behind a table.  “I was going to hire her as a bodyguard.”
“For how long and how much?”  The question was fired back at him instantly, like a pistol shot.
“A couple of weeks, to Liberty City.  I was going to pay her a dollar a day.”  He puffed out his chest as he said this last sentence, as if it was proof of his deep generosity.
“I’ll do it for twenty a day.  Non-negotiable.  Yes or no?”
The man hesitated for a second but the idea of having the legendary Crystal Eyes as a bodyguard was too tempting to resist.  “Erm, yes.”
“Good.  I will meet you at some point tomorrow.  If you or anyone else decides to try and use the opportunity to collect the bounty on my head, I will be very annoyed.”  She paused for emphasis.  “And if anyone follows me outside, and I am still out there...”  Her voice was soft and flat, without an inflection and no real trace of an accent, but the unspoken threat and the intent behind it were unmistakeable.  No-one who heard her believed for an instant that she didn’t mean what she said.
She turned on her heel and walked unhurriedly out of the door, stepping over the still twitching corpses and the pools of blood without sparing them a second thought.
 
The mournful creak of the door swinging back and forth after she left was the only sound to be heard in the bar.  This lasted for about ten seconds, and then everybody started shouting at once.  Some were calling for the town doctor despite it being immediately obvious to almost everyone that the casualties were well beyond medical help, others were shouting for the local marshal (who was passed out, dead drunk, in his office), and the four women who had impersonated Crystal were screaming with all their might for someone to find the keys to the handcuffs and release them. 
There was a very strange moment as people rushed towards the door, but in such a way as to ensure that they wouldn’t be the first one out.  There was a great deal of pushing and shoving until one luckless man was catapulted out into the street, almost removing the door from its hinges, where he tripped over the corpse of the older preacher and fell flat on his face.  He looked around wildly, in a terrible panic, but of Crystal there was no sign.
His voice cracking with relief he called back into the bar, “She’s gone!” and was almost trampled in the stampede of people that surged past him.

~~~~


Chapter 7

Drake yawned widely, making his jaw crack, and looked again at the motley collection of wagons and men that would make up their caravan.  He found it hard to believe that they were capable of crossing the street, much less crossing three hundred miles of grasslands, forests and treacherous gullies to reach Liberty City, deep within the badlands.  There would be bandits, that was for sure, and he fully expected to run into at least a couple of the bizarre beasts that roamed the less populous areas of the world – strange twisted creatures that might have been born to bears or wolves or God knew what else; maybe even human.  Drake had made this journey a number of times, but never with such a pathetic group of people.  Unfortunately, there were no alternatives.  In a field of one, this sorry bunch was the clear winner.  Just.
His friend and business partner, Tarak, approached, easily visible in the milling, impatient crowd that parted before him like water before the bow of a ship.  People tended to get out of Tarak’s way – it probably had something to do with him being over six and a half feet in height, and about as broad as most men were tall.  There was no denying it, he was an imposing sight with his long, straggly red hair blowing in the breeze and the crooked nose that had been broken more times than he or anyone else could remember.
“Well,” called out Drake, as his friend approached.  “What news of our brave and fearless little band?”
Tarak ignored the sarcasm and mounted his horse, a massive carthorse that Drake believed to be at least part-demon – there was surely no other way it could take Tarak’s great weight.  “We’ll be off at some point in the next ten minutes,” replied Tarak.  His voice was soft and gentle, in direct contrast to the image projected by his physical appearance.  “They’re just rounding up a few stragglers.  How’re our clients doing?”
Drake looked over his shoulder at the wagon behind him.  A nervous looking man sat on the front seat, holding the reins of the two horses that would pull the wagon as if he was afraid they might turn into snakes in his hands.  Sweat was dripping from beneath his cowboy hat, even in the chill early-morning air.  In the covered wagon behind him it sounded as if there was an argument going on.
“’Bout the same I reckon,” said Drake.  He had been listening to that arguing for the best part of three weeks and was very much looking forward to reaching their final destination, Liberty City, so he could have some peace and quiet.  At least for a few days before they had to head back north to pick up the Darnell family.
As he watched, a young boy jumped down from the back of the wagon and headed off at speed into the crowds, hotly pursued by his cursing mother.  Drake shook his head in quiet despair and returned to watching the caravan’s wagon master arguing with several of the drivers.
“Tell you something else I picked up,” said Tarak, breaking into his friend’s reverie.  “We’ll be picking up another rider once we get out of town.”  He settled back to watch his friend’s reaction, and was slightly disappointed with the total apathy that greeted his news.  “Would you like to know who it is?” he said eventually, having lost patience waiting for Drake to ask.
Drake, well aware of how infuriating Tarak found it when he did this, shrugged nonchalantly and tried not to laugh at the annoyed frown that creased Tarak’s brow.
“Fine, since you’re not interested, I won’t tell you.”
Drake snorted – this was an old game.  “And now I’m supposed to beg for you to tell me, and you say no, and so on and so on.  Just tell me – you’re obviously dying to.”
Tarak glowered at him, but his eagerness to share the news overcame his annoyance.  “You know that fat idiot of a merchant?  Marsellus?”  Drake nodded his recognition – Tarak’s description was right on all counts.  “Well, he’s only gone and hired himself a new bodyguard.”  He paused for dramatic effect.
“And?” prompted Drake, when the pause started to get annoying.
“And it’s only bloody Crystal Eyes isn’t it?"
Drake’s eyes widened in surprise.  “What?” he exclaimed.  “You’re kidding, right?”
“Nope,” said Tarak, clearly enjoying his friend’s reaction.  “I swear it's true; according to some of the other merchants and most of the gossip I've heard this morning there was a bit of a shoot-out in the other bar last night.  A bunch of Solanists – I heard there was six of them – tried to take her on.  Killed the lot of them and then offered her services to Marsellus.”
“But it can’t be!” stated Drake.  “I mean, I remember hearing stories about her when I was a kid, and they were old stories even then.”
Tarak shrugged.  “Bloke didn’t say anything about how old she looked, just that she plugged a bunch of Solanist preachers.”
“Well,” said Drake, sitting back in his saddle.  “Should make the journey a bit more interesting.  Assuming it’s really her.”  There was a certain amount of scepticism in his voice.
Before Tarak could reply there was a commotion behind them, and they turned to see a struggling child being deposited back into the wagon.  Just for a second, before he vanished into the wagon’s interior, the small horns jutting out of his temples were clearly visible.
Drake shook his head in exasperation.  “They just cannot keep that little sod under control – I tell you, this is getting to be far more trouble than it’s worth.”
Tarak nodded in agreement – the two of them had been escorting so-called “demon children” and their families into the relative safety of the badlands for almost five years now, and each time was more hassle, and more dangerous, than the last.  Still, he mused, at least it paid well.  The problem was that the pair of them were becoming quite well known.  The Solanists had put a bounty on their heads, which meant that there was no shortage of chancers and would-be bounty hunters after them.  And they didn’t exactly blend in either.  For a start, Tarak stood out in any crowd; even hunching his shoulders, to try and appear smaller, he stood head and shoulders above most men.  And Drake wasn’t exactly inconspicuous either.  He was slightly less than six feet tall, lean and muscular, with dark brown skin that gleamed in the early morning sun, and shoulder-length dreadlocks.  Far more flamboyant and aggressive than his bigger, quieter colleague, Drake could often be found at the centre of any trouble, even if he didn’t actually start it, which he often did.  Only his speed and skill as a fighter had kept him alive this long.  There were few people more deadly than Drake in a close quarters fight.  He was an excellent shot with a pistol as well.
Tarak envied him that – pistols were too small and finicky for his huge hands.  Instead, he favoured a large shotgun or rifle, and failing that, a short-sword that looked like a small knife when it was in his hands.
Between the two of them, they made a formidable team – Tarak providing a steadying, more considered approach that nicely balanced Drake’s more instinctive, impulsive, frequently inspired, occasionally disastrous, way of doing things.
Tarak was just desperately hoping that Drake didn’t get it into his head to try anything with this Crystal Eyes – if it was her, and the legends and stories were true, it wouldn’t be a wise move.

The caravan moved slowly along the track that snaked between the steeply sloped sides of the valley, following the path of the small river that bubbled down over the soft limestone rocks. 
Drake was nervous.  He trusted his instincts, and currently they were telling him that he was riding through an ideal place for an ambush.  The tops of the valley sides were heavily wooded; there could be anyone in there and you would never know it.  At least not until it was far too late.  The skin on the back of his neck crawled – someone was watching them, he was sure of it.
“Will you relax,” said Tarak, plodding along next to Drake on his unfeasibly large horse.  “You look as jumpy as a pig that can hear the knives being sharpened.”
Drake smiled at his friend’s metaphor.  “Interesting choice of words.  I tell you, I can feel someone watching us.”
“Well, for once I agree with you.”
The surprise made Drake momentarily forget about his worries.  “Really?  Why?”  This was almost unheard of – Tarak normally displayed the sensitivity of a brick.
“You know that group of six drovers from the north?”  Drake nodded.  “They’re about three places in front of us in the caravan.  And I can only see four of them.  They look, well, nervous.  As if they’re waiting for something.”
Drake looked up at the valley sides again.  “I get ya.  You’re thinking maybe someone’s out to collect themselves some bounty.”  Tarak nodded, and Drake noticed for the first time that his friend’s hand was resting, apparently by accident, on the butt of his rifle.
“Us?” muttered Drake, trying not to move his lips.
“Could be, but I doubt it or they’d have tried before now.  I’m thinking the lure of old Crystal Eyes has proved too much of a temptation for them.”
Suddenly, a scream echoed down the valley, followed closely by the unmistakeable crack of a pistol.
Before the echoes had died away, Tarak and Drake were off their horses, guns drawn, and were scanning the ridges of the valley walls on either side.  Around them, people screamed, mothers clutched at their crying children and the trail-hands tried to maintain some kind of order.
In front of them, the four remaining drovers stood up in their stirrups, looking for a signal.  They got one, but it wasn’t what they were hoping for.
There was a clatter of falling rocks, and the lifeless bodies of two men skidded and rolled down towards the caravan, closely followed by a couple of rifles.  One of the men had been shot; the other looked like his throat had been cut.
Chaos reigned. People scattered and riders struggled to control their horses, the animals' hooves kicking up a thick cloud of dust.  The four drovers had turned deathly pale, and one of them was being noisily sick by the side of the trail.
Eventually order was restored and, once it became clear that there was no imminent danger of attack, the caravan carried on its way, although it was interesting to note that the four drovers now found themselves riding at the centre of a large gap in the string of wagons and horses.  No-one wanted to risk getting too close.
Something was bothering Tarak.  He couldn’t put his finger on it, but something wasn’t quite right.  He turned to Drake, his mouth open to ask the question, but the look on his friend’s face made him close it with a snap.  ”What is it?” he asked instead, whispering but not knowing why.
Without looking round, Drake said, very quietly, “She’s here.”
“What?”
Now Drake turned to look at him.  “Five places ahead, just behind the blue wagon.”
Tarak looked, seeing nothing apart from a rider sitting on a grey horse, hat pulled down to meet the upturned collar on a large, dusty, leather coat.  And then he suddenly realised what had been bothering him.  Without realising it, he’d been staring at the rider’s back – her back – for, well, he wasn’t sure how long.  And he couldn’t remember ever seeing the figure before.  “You sure that’s her?”  Drake nodded.  “How long has she been there?”  This time, Drake just shrugged, and returned to looking straight ahead.
Tarak was impressed.  She had somehow managed to sneak into the middle of the caravan without anyone noticing, including the four men who had conspired to kill her and collect the considerable bounty on her head.

No one, aside from Drake and Tarak, noticed Crystal’s presence until the caravan was making camp in a sheltered glen that evening.  The merchant was sitting in front of a fire, drinking from a bottle of whiskey and complaining bitterly about how you couldn’t rely on anyone these days, especially women, and stating loudly that this so-called “Crystal Eyes” wasn’t all that impressive, when the figure sitting behind him reached out a hand and tapped him lightly on the shoulder. 
He turned round and came face to face with a pale, angular face wearing a pair of sunglasses in which the reflected light of the fire flickered and danced.
“I’ll only charge you for half a day today,” said Crystal, her voice flat and devoid of emotion.
Silence fell around the fire; the only sound was the crackling of the burning wood.
The merchant gulped, almost choking on his drink, but rallied well.  “But you only just arrived,” he said, sounding slightly higher pitched than normal.
“On the contrary, I’ve been riding with you since just after noon.  Now, if you’ll excuse me.”  She stood smoothly, not waiting for a reply, and walked silently into the darkness beyond the firelight.
With a trembling hand, the merchant pulled out a large handkerchief and mopped his sweating brow.  “Oh shit,” he said, his voice shaking as much as his hands.
From a different campfire, Drake and Tarak had watched the whole scene unfold with thinly veiled curiosity and amusement.  Now that the show was over, at least for the time being, they turned to each other.  “She’s good,” said Drake, speaking quietly.  “I was watching for her, and I didn’t notice she was sitting behind him until she reached forward.”
Tarak nodded.  “Did you see where she went?” he said. 
Drake shrugged.  “Lost her as soon as she moved away from the light.”
Deep in the shadows, Crystal watched their exchange with interest.

The next day, Crystal rode alongside the merchant’s wagon, which appeared to have developed some kind of exclusion zone around it.  If the wide berth that the other members of the caravan were giving her bothered Crystal, she didn’t show it.  Her face remained impassive, and she looked neither right nor left, even when a gaggle of children ran past, pointing and giggling nervously.
Of the four drovers, there was no sign; their packs and horses had vanished during the night.  Several witnesses said they heard horses galloping away in the early hours of the morning.  Rumours that they had awoken to find Crystal sitting on a nearby rock, quietly watching them, were never proven.
Drake and Tarak rode with the family they’d been hired to protect, some sixty metres behind Crystal.  Although they both appeared relaxed, swaying gently in their saddles in time to the motion of their horses, they were anything but.  Their eyes were alert and watchful, as were anyone’s who regularly travelled in the badlands; Solanist patrols were few and far between, but not unheard of, and there were plenty of bandits, both demon and human. 
The families escaping to what they hoped would be a better life, and there were several more in the caravan than just the one travelling with Drake and Tarak, tended to relax as they left what they thought of as the civilised world behind.  But the badlands, or the Cursed Lands as they were also called, were well named, and the bandits were by no means the worst of what lurked in the wilds.  There were things out there, things that were best avoided, and if they couldn’t be avoided, it helped to have someone around who knew how to use a gun.
That was why there was a market for people like Drake and Tarak.
Currently they were riding in front of the family’s wagon.  It was plain, unpainted save for the faded name of the now defunct family business – “Persson the Butcher” – on the side, with a canvas roof that had obviously been torn and repaired several times.  There were seven of them in total, six sitting or lying in the back amongst the few worldly possessions they had saved, whilst the elder brother drove.  The reason for the family’s flight was sleeping quietly for once.  He was, like most his age, excitable, bordering on the hyperactive, but basically normal.  Apart from the two small horns that sprouted out from either side of his forehead, just below the hairline.  It was because of those two horns that the Persson family found itself travelling over four hundred miles, in the company of gunslingers, desperadoes and outlaws, to start a new life in the distant Liberty City.

After a couple of uneventful days riding through lush forests and quiet nights camping by the sides of a wide, gently flowing river, everyone, even many of the experienced travellers, had started to relax. 
They had made camp that night on a wide swathe of grass, just above the sandy riverbank.  Guards had been posted as normal, but they weren’t really paying attention, and at least two of them were asleep.  Around the campfires, there was an air of relaxed joviality; ale was being drunk and tall tales were being told.
Tarak sat leaning against the wheel of the Persson’s wagon, cleaning his rifle.  From where he sat, he could see Drake talking to some traders by their fire – probably looking for some business, he thought, same as always.  His gaze drifted across the camp and came to rest on the still figure of Crystal.  She was standing, statue-like, next to the wagon of the merchant who hired her, watching him eating and drinking with his three companions but showing not the slightest inclination to join them.  She still wore the same sunglasses – in fact it was becoming quite a talking point around the campfires.  No-one had yet seen the legendary crystal eyes behind the glasses.  The rumour was that it wasn’t the real Crystal Eyes at all, but just another of the many pretenders – after all, the reasoning went, the real Crystal Eyes would be an old woman by now.  Tarak, though, had no doubt that it was her; he hadn’t forgotten the way she had sneaked into their midst, and to his experienced eyes there was no mistaking the air of smooth, deadly competence in the way she moved.  He’d seen enough gunfighters to know one when he saw one.
Suddenly, she tilted her head to one side, and her hands dropped to the pistols hanging on her slender hips.  She had heard something, that was clear.  Tarak strained his ears – he could hear nothing but the normal sounds of the campsite, but now that he was paying attention, there was something niggling at his instincts.  In a matter of seconds he slotted the rifle back together and loaded it.  A quick glance told him that Drake had broken off his conversation and was standing alertly, near the Persson’s campfire.
He could feel something approaching, knew that there was going to be trouble at any second.  He looked back at Crystal to find her face turned directly towards him, her expression as impassive as ever.  Then she smiled; a dangerous, predatory smile.  Tarak found himself feeling almost sorry for whoever was about to attack them.
He was still watching her when the first of the creatures came rushing out of the trees, just behind Crystal; it was a snarling, tusked thing, basically human in shape but with savagely clawed hands.  Tarak opened his mouth to shout a warning, but before he could utter a syllable Crystal drew a pistol and, without looking behind to aim, shot the creature between the eyes.  He had never seen anything move so fast, or with such surety.  He realised his mouth was still hanging open from the warning he hadn’t had time to shout and closed it with a snap.  The creatures were attacking en masse now, a pack of the more misshapen demons, more animal than human, who weren't even accepted in the badlands' towns, and he had more important things to worry about.
They poured out from the woods – snarling, misshapen things, like strange hybrids of human and beast – and several of them were cut down by Crystal’s deadly pistols.  But they were too numerous and far from mindless; moving with purpose and intelligence, using what cover they could find to avoid the defensive gunfire of the caravan that lit up the night.
Tarak shot a snarling, dog-faced man in the chest and looked around for another target whilst simultaneously trying to keep an eye on the Persson family and see what Drake was doing.  It was almost impossible to make anything out, however – the light from the moon and the flickering fires made the shadows dance and move deceptively.
Suddenly a dark shape reared up in front of Tarak, too close for him to shoot.  His hand snapped out, grasping the thing by the throat and easily lifting it high into the air.  It kicked and struggled briefly, then he hurled it to the ground with all his considerable strength.  There was a crunching sound, and the creature lay still.  He growled, unconsciously mimicking the snarls of the attacking bandits, and went in search of another target.

Drake ducked the wild swing of the strange blue-skinned man, feeling the coarse but effective club whistle over his head, and, with a savage cut of his knife that was almost too fast to follow, cut the man’s throat.  He sensed another bandit approaching from behind and lashed out with a vicious back-kick that connected with a satisfying thud.  There was a thin sheen of sweat glistening on his brow, mixing with the trickle of blood from the shallow cut above his right eye; the last, desperate act of a tall female with scaled skin and long, sharp claws who had leapt, howling, on Drake from the top of one of the wagons.
Suddenly something ran past him in a blind panic.  At first he thought it must be one of his travelling companions, but then he saw the long, barbed tail that lashed the air as the creature ran – there was no-one in the caravan with a tail like that.  He flipped the knife in his hand over so that he held it by the blade and drew back his arm.  But before he could throw the blade there was a loud crack behind him, and the back of the creature’s head burst open in a shower of blood and bone. 
Drake span round to see Crystal calmly walking towards him, reloading one of her pistols, apparently without looking at it. 
“Doesn’t that belong to you?” she asked, as she neared him.
Drake blinked in confusion.  “What?”
“Small girl, blonde, plaited hair.  Is she not one of the family you’re supposed to be protecting?”  Drake vaguely recognised the description.  It sounded like Anna, or maybe Tanya; one of the younger daughters of the Persson family.  He looked round, but could only make out vague shapes by the flickering light of the fire.  There was a silhouette that might have been Tarak smashing the heads of two bandits together but beyond that he could see nothing.  He turned back to Crystal.
“Where?” he asked.
Behind the dark lenses of the sunglasses, Crystal’s eyes scanned the confusion of the camp.  What was nothing more than vague shadows to even Drake’s sharp vision was almost as clear as day to her.  There was the fat merchant who had hired her, cowering beneath a wagon and trying not to look at the pile of corpses that Crystal’s guns had left next to him.  There was the big man, Tarak, throwing a howling, bony beast back into the trees.  And there were the Perssons, huddled next to their own wagon, the mother and father valiantly defending their family against the attackers, despite their inexperience.  He was wounded but it didn’t look bad; he would live.  But he was searching for something, as was his wife; one of their daughters was missing, and in the dark they couldn’t see the man with the long, ape-like arms, carrying her away, though they could hear her frantic cries.
Crystal could see her though.  She started forward, ignoring Drake, who stumbled backwards, startled by the mysterious woman’s sudden, eerily smooth movement.
As the creature and his captive passed the outer perimeter of the camp, entering the deeper shadows of the forest where the ape-man thought he was safe, Crystal scooped up a discarded rifle and chambered a round.  She raised a hand, removed her sunglasses and placed them carefully in one of her coat's pockets.  In the flickering firelight, her crystal eyes glittered with cold, deadly menace.

Tarak could feel the adrenaline surging through his veins as the bandits started to retreat, the excitement and elation of the fight almost making him giddy, when Goran Persson, the father of the kidnapped girl, grabbed desperately at his arm.  For a moment he thought it was another bandit and raised his hand to strike.
Goran was too distraught to notice, instead pointing wildly into the dark of the forest.  “Anna!” he gasped.  “They’ve got Anna!”
Tarak’s elation died away, replaced by a cold chill that rose up inside him and wrapped itself around his heart – he had failed to protect them as he had sworn to.  And then, over the top of Goran’s pale, balding head, he saw the pale figure of Crystal walking, almost gliding, past them, raising a rifle up to her shoulder. 
She fired, and in the darkness something howled, and a girl screamed.  Hands a blur, Crystal worked the bolt-action of the rifle, loading another round and firing before the echoes of the previous shot had died away.  In a matter of seconds she had emptied the rifle of all seven shots and only she could see the seven corpses strewn about the forest floor; the little girl curled up in the middle of them.
Letting the rifle drop to the floor, she drew her pistols and strode forward, disappearing quickly from sight.  

There were still plenty of the bandits out there, moving away from the camp with few supplies they had claimed as prizes; they made no effort to take cover behind the trees, secure in their belief that the dark of night would be enough to mask them.
Instead of hiding, they watched with hungry eyes as Crystal stepped lightly over a fallen branch and approached the girl, who had fainted from terror.  Off to her left, she saw one of the creatures – which had double the normal complement of arms – start towards her.  She thumbed back the hammer on her pistol and waited.

Karal crept through the shadows, placing his feet carefully to avoid making any noise and alerting his prey.  He flexed the muscles of his four arms in anticipation of the feeling of someone else’s warm blood on his skin.  Unlike several of his fellow raiders, and in spite of the extra pair of arms, the claws and the cat-like eyes that enabled him to see in the dark, Karal was still mostly human, and although he was a long way from being considered intelligent, he was capable of thought and reasoning. 
Sadly, for him at least, he wasn’t quite smart enough to be worried by the way the short, slightly built woman was standing there, unmoving and unconcerned.  He gathered himself for the final charge and…stopped as Crystal raised the cocked pistol and aimed it directly between his eyes.  He was just clever enough to realise he’d been stupid, then Crystal pulled the trigger and proved to the world that Karal actually did have some brains in his head.

As the four-armed man slumped to the forest floor, Crystal saw his comrades freeze.  At least a few of them were able to see quite well in the dark, they had seen what had just happened, and it was occurring to them (as it had occurred to Karal, albeit too late) that they no longer had the advantage of the shadows.  Slowly they started to move backwards, away from the statue-still figure of Crystal, who watched them leave with perhaps the merest hint of disappointment.
She holstered her left hand pistol, picked the girl up with no apparent effort and turned back to the camp.

Tarak, Drake and several others peered into the gloom, waving burning branches to try and illuminate the darkness, searching for some sign of Crystal or the girl.  Behind them, Goran and his wife, Marisa, clung to each other in a desperate embrace as their hope drained away.  It felt like it had been an awfully long time since that last pistol shot, although in reality it had only been a few seconds.
Drake tensed, thinking he might have seen movement, and cocked his pistol, just in case.  Alongside him, he heard the others doing the same.  Something was about to happen, he could taste it in the air.
“What are you all looking at?” asked Crystal, from about ten metres to Drake’s left.  “There’s nothing there.”
As one, everyone turned to look at the pale woman who was standing calmly at the camp’s perimeter, the unconscious girl slung over one shoulder, her eyes dancing with the reflected light of the campfires.
With a cry, the girl’s parents began to rush over, but then paused, afraid of what they might discover.
“She’ll live,” said Crystal, walking over to the Persson’s fire and gently laying the unconscious child down on the ground.  As she did, the girl began to stir slightly.
The tearful father gasped a hoarse thank you, but Crystal was already walking away, replacing the sunglasses on her face, to sit down in the shadow of her employer’s wagon, apparently unfazed or unaware that the entire camp was staring at her.

After a tense night, during which there were thankfully no further attacks, the survivors took stock of their losses.  In all, there were eight dead, one wagon burned, and half a dozen horses had either been stolen or fled in terror.  Anna Persson, the girl who had been kidnapped, had come round and, aside from a few bruises and scratches and a bad case of hero worship, was fine.
Crystal sat astride her horse, waiting patiently for the camp to organise itself for the day’s journey.  If the events of the previous night had affected her, it didn’t show.  Just after dawn, Marsellus, emboldened by drink, had accused her of abandoning him.  And she had done…nothing.  Hadn’t moved a muscle, hadn’t said a word.  Instead, she just sat there, utterly inscrutable and, as far as anyone could tell, utterly uncaring.  After a minute of this, Marsellus’ nerve broke and, with a muttered “Just don’t let it happen again”, he wandered off, mopping a brow that was soaked with sweat despite the cool of the early morning air.
 
The remainder of the journey passed without incident, although once they heard something large moving through the forest on the other side of a fast flowing river, grunting and growling, and making the trees sway with its passage; and one night, three days after the bandit attack, the peace of the camp was briefly shattered by a terrible cry that rent the still night air.  The members of the caravan huddled together after they heard it, not because it scared them, but because they had never heard anything so anguished and lonely, and so filled with desperate sorrow. 
Only Tarak noticed that Crystal was missing from the camp that night, although at first light the next morning she was sitting on her horse, as inscrutable as ever, waiting patiently for the convoy to get moving.
 
The caravan was a day or so of travel away from Liberty City when they made camp for the night, circling the wagons in a clearing just off the track.  To the west of the camp the track snaked down between rolling hills towards the setting sun and the wide, undulating plains.  In the far distance, right on the horizon, the first of the evening lights in Liberty City could be glimpsed, twinkling in the dusk.
Crystal stood away from the camp, looking out over the plain; it was glowing gold in the evening light and a distant river sparkled.  The sky above was shot through with streaks of vivid red.  Behind her she could hear the sounds of the camp preparing the evening meal; fires crackled and pots and pans clanked together.  Children played between the caravans, giggling as the trail hands shooed them away.  She could also hear very heavy footsteps approaching from behind; she smiled wryly, thinking it had to be either the big bodyguard, Tarak, or a carthorse.
He cleared his throat; it was probably meant to be discreet but it rumbled like an earthquake.
“Nice view from here,” said Tarak, shading his eyes.
“I suppose so,” replied Crystal, after awhile.  She noticed that Tarak was very carefully not looking north.  “Something wrong with your eyes?  You seem to be having some trouble looking to your right.”
“I…it’s just…”  Tarak waved his hands vaguely, blushing slightly.
Crystal focussed her attention on the cause of Tarak’s discomfort; far to the north, appearing to hover above the ground, their bases lost in the haze on the horizon, their tops seeming to pierce the sky, the ruined towers of Old San Francsico soared high over the plain.  Abandoned since the Fall, at least by normal people, the old cities of towering skyscrapers had become places of superstition and fear; scary stories of ghosts and monsters were told around campfires the length and breadth of the country.  People, even the demons who roamed the badlands, tended to stay away from the ancient relics.
“They’re just buildings,” said Crystal.  “They’re not cursed.”
“How do you know, have you been to look at them?”  There was a note of sarcasm in his voice.
“I went through once.”  She shrugged slightly, a barely noticeable lift of the shoulders.  “It was that or fight a couple of dozen or so preachers."
"Seriously?" exclaimed Tarak incredulously.  “What was it like, what about the ghosts and demons?”
“Demons?” said Crystal, a note of laughter in her normally flat voice.  “Like me, you mean?”
“Well, you know what I meant.”
“There are no ghosts, just…”  She paused, trying to think of the right words to describe what she had seen.  “You can see the remains of what life was like before the Fall.  Shadows of the old world, if you like.  Broken down vehicles, abandoned homes, bones; it’s sad more than horrifying.”
“So it’s safe there?” asked Tarak.
“Oh no, not even slightly.  There is no shortage of mutants, or ‘demons’ rather, that have made their homes in those buildings.  Getting out of the city alive was not easy.”
“Oh.  Were the preachers still there?”
“Not many of them.  Most of them followed me in to the city.  They didn’t make it out.”
“You killed them?”
Crystal shook her head.  “Not me, the things living in the city.  Tore them to pieces.  Almost did the same to me.”  Memories flashed through her mind; howling creatures, fuelled by rage and endless hunger; piles of misshapen bodies around her feet, blood covering her from head to toe and staining the blades of the knives she held in each hand.  It had been a vicious, brutal journey through the ruins of the city and the wounds had taken a long time to heal.
Before Tarak could say anything further, Drake jogged up to his side. "Did you ask her yet?" he said.
"Ask me what?" said Crystal as Tarak shook his head.
"Well," replied Tarak, "as you might know, myself and Drake help take demons and their families into the badlands."
"I have heard that."  Crystal turned to face Tarak head on, her cold, alien gaze drilling into him.  "What about it?"
“Well,” interjected Drake in his smoothest, oiliest tone of voice.  “How would you like to join our happy little band, wandering the country bringing hope to the poor and the persecuted?  Helping to save the lives of countless numbers of the demoniacally inclined, just like yourself?”  Tarak closed his eyes in despair at his friend’s glib words.
Crystal stood in silence, her expression unreadable.  “No,” she said at last in a flat refusal.
“Why not?” asked Tarak.
“Why?” she countered in the same, even monotone.
“Well, to save innocent lives!” exclaimed Tarak, shocked that anyone would think that wasn’t reason enough.
“For the money,” said Drake at about the same time.  Tarak glared at him.
“How much?”
Drake shrugged whilst Tarak glowered.  “Enough.  And we could charge more if you were there.  Or would you prefer to carry on being hired by overfed merchants?”
Crystal chuckled softly, a barely heard whisper of breath.  "I don't need much money.  This particular overfed merchant will let me get enough supplies to keep me going for months."
"So we can't tempt you to join us?" said Tarak.
Crystal went back to looking out over the plain; the sky above was getting darker now, the red and gold hues were shot through with indigo.  "Coming out of the badlands does not generally go well.  Every time I have tried it I've ended up getting chased back by a horde of Solanists - that's how I ended up in the old city."
"Wait, you went into the old city?" exclaimed Drake.  "How did..."
"I'll tell you later, Drake," said Tarak, cutting his friend off.  He sighed.  "Look, it's getting harder each time for us as well.  We may not attract the same levels of attention that you do but the preachers would still like to get their hands on us; an extra gun would be a great help."
"Then why do you keep doing it?" asked Crystal, turning back to look at Tarak and tilting her head slightly.
"I...there should be someone there to help those families."  A dark cloud passed over Tarak's face, pain filling his eyes as he gazed at distant memories.  "They shouldn't have to face the preachers."
Crystal examined his face, the sudden hurt that had creased his features, and noted the discreet wedding ring that sat on his giant fingers.  There was darkness below the thoughtful, cheery exterior, one she thought she recognised.
There was a long, haunted silence.  Eventually Drake, who could never leave any awkward silence lingering, cleared his throat.
“I’ll tell you what – the day after tomorrow, me and Tarak are heading back to Carson, then on to Martinsdale where, with any luck, there should be a spot of business waiting for us.  If you want to join us, we’ll be leaving after three days rest in the city.”
“Martinsdale,” said Crystal quietly, for the first time showing a slight hint of interest.
Drake smiled triumphantly, feeling that he might have found some kind of leverage.  “Well maybe we’ll see you there,” he said.  He turned and slapped his friend on one giant shoulder.  "Come on, old friend, I'll pour you a mug of suspect, odd-tasting ale."  
The big man nodded to Crystal, his expression still sorrowful, then he and Drake made their way back to the camp, leaving Crystal alone with her thoughts.
She remembered Martinsdale, a small, pleasant town that had been sitting at the base of the mountains since long before the Fall, and the small settlement that had once nestled in the mountains above.  The people of that settlement had taken her in as a child, had taught her about the world and about the past.  It had been her home for seven years.  It had been over forty years since she had last been there, over forty years since the settlement had burned.

The Persson family had been settled in a small, vacant shop, where they were hoping to restart their butchery business, and Drake and Tarak had enjoyed a relaxing three days in Liberty City.  They had spent their time sleeping in proper beds, drinking and, at least in Drake's case, getting acquainted with some of the higher class prostitutes.  Tarak found a quiet corner of a bar where he would read antique books whilst Drake was "enjoying" himself.
They hadn't seen Crystal since their conversation on the plateau above the plain but the memories it had dredged up were playing on his mind: a collapsed wooden house; two figures, one adult sized, the other much smaller, hanging from an old oak tree and swaying in the breeze; their livestock left slaughtered on the ground.
Unable to relax on their final night in Liberty City, Tarak found himself wandering the packed dirt streets, letting the sounds of music and revelry wash over him as he passed by packed bars; there was something uplifting in seeing that even out here, in a tattered, desperate place like this, people would still find a way to enjoy themselves.
He stopped outside of one place, standing just beyond the circle of yellow light that spilled from the open door, and listened to the sounds within; someone was playing a well known tune on the piano, not brilliantly but with a great deal of enthusiasm, and the crowds were singing along.  From the sound of it, they weren't all singing the same words, but no one seemed to mind.
If Drake had been here, he'd have dragged Tarak in and they'd likely have had a great time, possibly followed by a fight.  On his own though...he just felt a bit self-conscious.  Even though he could see demons in there, getting just as drunk as everyone else, he still tended to stand out.  With a sigh he turned to go and almost tripped over the short woman who was standing next to him.
"Oops," he muttered, "sorry lass, didn't see you there."
The woman turned and he found himself looking down at a familiar pale face framed by jet black hair, opaque sunglasses obscured her eyes.  "Hard standing on the outside sometimes, isn't it," Crystal said, more a statement than a question.
Tarak looked again through the bar's door; two women, one with bright red skin, had linked arms and were spinning around more or less in time to the music.  "It can be," he replied after awhile, his voice quiet.
"Want to go in?" asked Crystal.
He chuckled softly.  "I never would have pegged you as a party animal," he said.
"I'm not, but sometimes it's nice to be close to people having fun.  Makes a change from having to shoot them."
"Well okay then, if we're going to lurk in the shadows and live vicariously through other people having a good time then we might as well do it inside with a bottle of whisky."
They went inside.  There was a momentary lull in the noise as the miss-matched newcomers were assessed - the broad shouldered man whose head almost scraped the ceiling and the short, slight woman who was half hidden in his shadow - but it rose back up to its previous volume within a couple of seconds.
Tarak went to the bar and ordered a bottle of whisky and two glasses and then he and Crystal found an out of the way table, in the shadows at the back of the room, to sit at.  He lowered himself gingerly into his chair, listening for the telltale and all too familiar groan that would warn of an impending collapse.
"So," he said, as Crystal poured the drinks, "how come you're out roaming the streets tonight?"
She shrugged, a barely noticeable lift of the shoulders.  "It's something to do.  I don't sleep very often and never in a town; it can get boring staying in a room, staring at the ceiling.  Once you've memorised every crack in the plaster then there's not a lot left to do.  It's why I prefer to be out riding; gives you a more interesting view."  She sipped her whisky.  "What about you?"
"Lot on my mind.  Needed something to distract me."  He took a drink; it wasn't bad, better than he was expecting in fact.
"Your family?" asked Crystal.
Tarak blinked, startled.  "How do you know I've got a family?" he demanded, feeling defensive.
"You have a wedding ring," she replied.  "I'm assuming you're not married to Drake."
"I...there's a mental image I'm never going to shake off.  Wow."
"Sorry."
"No problem, though I fear it's going to give me some weird nightmares for awhile."  He took another drink and sighed heavily.  "I had a family; a wife and a son.  We lived on a small farm in the back of beyond, miles from anywhere.  My boy, Daniel, was a great kid, curious about everything.  But he was a...you know."  He waved his drink vaguely in Crystal's direction.
"A demon?" she said.
"Yeah, a demon."  Tarak laughed but there was more than a hint of bitter sadness there.  "Some demon.  He wasn't fast or strong, couldn't swim under water like a fish, didn't have wings.  All he had was some blue mottling on his skin."  His mind returned again to the day he'd returned home from a trip into the nearest town, two days' ride away, and the scene of devastation that had greeted him.  "That was enough though."
"I'm sorry."
Tarak shrugged, his shoulders heaving upwards like mountain ranges.  "It was a long time ago."  He took a deep breath and let it out slowly.  "Anyway, enough about my ancient history.  Are you going to join me and Drake on our noble crusade?  You sounded like you recognised Martinsdale when Drake mentioned it."
"That's even more ancient history," she replied.  "When are you leaving?"
"We'll be setting off on the road north just after dawn tomorrow.  Or, if Drake's had a particularly fun night, possibly around noon."
"Okay.  If I'm there then I'm coming,"
Tarak laughed.  "A beautifully vague answer!"
Crystal raised her glass in a toast.  Out on the dancefloor, the pianist started up with another old tune.  Within seconds, most of the bar was singing along loudly, drowning out any conversation.
Tarak laughed again and returned Crystal's toast.  The two of them sitting back to watch the party from the safety of the shadows.

~~~~


Chapter 8
 
Matthew grunted as he straightened up, feeling a twinge in his back.  Must be getting old, he thought sourly.  He raised a forearm to his brow and wiped away the sweat that was running down his heavily lined forehead.  It was a blisteringly hot midsummer’s day, too hot for working.  And it was definitely too hot for slaving away in the garden.  Matthew looked down at the small pile of weeds he had excavated and wondered, not for the first time, just what the point of it was.  He was hard-pressed to tell the difference between desirable plant and unwelcome weed, and saw no reason why he should learn.  It was a source of constant frustration to his wife.  He winced inwardly as he remembered the aftermath of the time he’d inadvertently weeded out her prized roses, just before they started blooming.  It was the thorns that had confused him; nothing nice should be that heavily armoured, surely?
He dragged his mind back to the present and looked around the garden.  He had to admit it looked nice, no thanks to him or his son Paul, who he noticed was industriously uprooting something that looked suspiciously like a piece of horticulture that came under the heading “Desirable”.  He sighed deeply; there was no doubt who was going to be on the receiving end of his wife’s sharp tongue when she saw it.
He watched his son, smiling contentedly.  He ought to go and stop the boy, before the destruction spread to the neighbouring plants, but he was reluctant to curtail his fun.
Suddenly he heard a strange clicking sound.  He stood, cocking his head to one side, and frowned; it wasn’t a sound he’d heard in the garden before.  There it was again.  It seemed to be coming from the large oak tree that dominated the centre of the garden.  He peered up into the branches, squinting against the glare of the sun.  There was a squirrel up there; he could just make it out as it gnawed away at something clasped between its two front paws.
The noise came again, louder this time and definitely from the tree, but it wasn’t the squirrel, that hadn’t moved though it was looking slightly nervous now.  Then movement caught his eye, a couple of branches below where the squirrel was cheerfully eating.  His eyes widened as it crept into view, moving slowly towards the squirrel.  It looked, at first glance, like another squirrel.  It was only when it moved that the differences became obvious.  Whereas the squirrel on the branch above had all of the limbs you would normally expect a squirrel to have, the creature beneath it had eight gleaming, chitinous legs sprouting out from its torso, four on each side, which were obviously the source of the clicking.  It had a furry, bushy tail, but Matthew couldn’t help but notice what appeared to be a barbed sting hidden in the fur at the tip.
Instinctively his hands dropped to his hips, but they clutched at empty air.  He cursed under his breath and looked around for something to use as a weapon.  There were a number of gardening tools lying scattered on the ground around him, but the creature was at least twenty feet off the ground and he didn’t think he’d be able to throw a hoe accurately enough to hit the thing.
There was a footfall behind him.  He span to see a nervous looking Solanist acolyte standing on the edge of the lawn.
“Are you armed?” snapped Matthew, before the young man could do more than draw breath.
“Y-yes sir,” stuttered the acolyte.
“Bring it here.”  Matthew held his hand out expectantly.
Fumbling with his weapon as it caught on his coat, the acolyte hurried over to Matthew.  “H-here you are sir.”
“Thank you,” muttered Matthew.  It was a standard six-shot pistol, solid and reliable.  With quick, practised fingers he checked the chambers – five of the six cylinders were loaded.  He nodded in satisfaction and turned back to the tree, pulling the pistol’s hammer back with his thumb.  From up above there was a sudden rush of clicking sounds, followed by a strangled squeak.  A few leaves fell to the ground.
Matthew thought he caught a flash of a red tail vanishing into the upper reaches of the tree, accompanied by a furious clicking, but he wasn’t sure.
“Damn,” he said, handing the gun back.  “Nice looking gun, well taken care of.”
“Thank you sir,” said the acolyte, clearly pleased by this unexpected praise, but Matthew wasn’t listening.  Instead he stood staring at the tree, frowning deeply, hands on his hips.
“Paul,” he called to his son.  “Go inside, I think your mother wants you?”
The young boy looked up and ran laughing back into the house.
“Now then.”  Matthew turned to the acolyte.  “What can I do for you?”
The young man gulped.  “S-sir, the Abbot wants to see you sir.  Immediately.”
“Dammit, I thought retirement meant I didn’t have to do this rubbish any more.”
“Sorry sir?”
“What?  Oh, nothing.  I wasn’t talking to you.”  Matthew scratched his chin thoughtfully.  “Look, could you stay here and make sure no-one else goes into the garden until I get back?  Especially not my wife or child.”
“Of course sir.  You can count on me.”
“And if you see anything coming down from that tree that has more legs than is reasonably acceptable, shoot it.”
 
Ilya Rankin, the Abbot of the Solanist motherhouse in New Seattle, looked up from the report he’d been trying, and failing, to read as the door to his office was pushed open and Matthew walked in.  It didn’t look as though retirement had done much to soften his old friend; he still held himself ramrod straight, emphasising his height (all six feet one of it).  There was a harshness to him, an edge that time had not dulled.  The once black hair was now shot through with grey, and the face had acquired a few more lines though this had done nothing to soften the harsh edge of his cheekbones; the eyes were still those of a dangerous and, today at least, wary man.
“Take a seat,” said Ilya, gesturing towards the empty seat on the other side of his desk.  “Can I get you a drink?”  Matthew shook his head, lowering his wiry frame into the plush armchair.  He’d always found these chairs to be too soft and spongy.
“No thanks.  What can I do for the Abbot this afternoon?”
Ilya sighed, would it kill the man to beat about the bush a bit, just this once?  “Nice to see you too, Matthew, how are you finding retirement?”
“It’s great – my wife rules the garden and the house like a dictator and if I have to dig up another weed I’m going to shoot someone.  Oh, and the oak tree in my garden is now home to a poisonous spider-squirrel.  What did you want?”
Ilya winced.  “Must you always be so direct?”
Matthew looked at the Abbot with steely, knowing eyes.  “Yes, most of the time it’s the only way to get to the point, especially when someone’s reluctant to say what’s on their mind.  Now can we hurry up, I’ve a predatory, eight-legged squirrel to shoot.” 
“Oh very we- what?” said Ilya, looking suddenly confused.  “Never mind.”  He hunted through the pile of papers in front of him until he found the one he was searching for.  “About three months ago,” continued Ilya as he searched, “rumours started to filter out of the badlands, rumours about a demon.  They were sketchy and, I suspect, largely made up.  But in the last couple of days I received a report – ah, here it is – which leads me to believe that there may have been a grain of truth to the rumours.”  He held up the sheet of paper.
“Now, I knew you would hear of this eventually and I thought it would be better coming from me.”  Matthew frowned, not sure where this was heading but positive that he didn’t like it.
“Approximately a month ago,” continued Ilya, now reading the report he’d found, “a Preacher by the name of Gordons – I believe you knew him?” 
Matthew nodded.  “A good man, if a little rash sometimes.”
“Well, on this occasion his rashness got him and two acolytes killed.  Gordons was in the town of Carson when he apparently received a tip off that some demons had been seen in the Last Chance inn.  When he went to apprehend the demons with two acolytes, he and they were gunned down.  By a single demon.”
Matthew’s eyebrows raised.  “It must’ve been good.”
Ilya swallowed nervously.  “She,” he said quietly.
Matthew froze, his eyes boring into the Abbot’s.  “What?”
“She.  It was, according to eyewitness accounts, a woman.  Short, with pale skin and jet-black hair.”  He stopped and licked his suddenly dry lips.
“And?” prompted Matthew, his voice icy.
“And there were crystals where her eyes should be.”
Matthew stared at his friend for a long time, his eyes blazing with an old anger he had thought was long gone.  “It can’t be,” he said eventually, his voice flat and dangerously calm.  “She died years ago.”  But deep down, he wondered, as he always had, whether or not she might have survived.
Ilya held up a placatory hand.  “I know, I know.  It must just be a mistake, or a hoax.  Or perhaps there’s another, very similar demon out there somewhere.  I just thought you should hear about it, that’s all.”
But Matthew wasn’t listening; his eyes were focused on a different place and time, on the memory of the first time he had seen the face that still haunted his nightmares, with its cold, glittering, alien eyes.
He remembered confusion and panic, exhilaration and excitement, watching from the window of their house as his father, Joshua, the man they called the Preacher, stood on the porch, gun in hand, facing an indistinct figure out in the rain drenched meadow.  
As Matthew watched, his father charged down the steps and across the slick grass towards the mysterious figure, firing his pistol as he went.  Out in the rain, the stranger began their own charge, somehow dodging the bullets that flew from his father's gun.
It seemed to the young Matthew as if the stranger had grown wings for they flew across the grass much faster than anyone he’d ever seen.
The two charges ended with an impact that Matthew was sure he felt through the ground; a bone-crunching clash that lifted the two indistinct bodies off the ground.  They seemed to hover for a moment in midair then slammed back down into the earth, water splashing up around them in a fountain of spray.
One of them reared up – though Matthew was unable to say if it was his father or not – and smashed their fists into the other again and again.  An inhuman howl of rage rent the air, a terrible melody overlaying the constant beat of the rain.
A deafening roar from right behind him made Matthew duck, and out on the lawn the lone figure vanished from sight.
He looked round to see his mother and sister with rifles held up to their shoulders, working the bolt actions and firing over and over again.
He was sure they had killed whoever this intruder was, but then sudden fire bloomed out in the meadow and when he looked round, his sister and mother were collapsing to the floor, each with a neat, smoking hole in the centre of their foreheads.
He had shouted their names but there had been no response, and then he had grabbed one of their rifles, tried to chamber a round, but he was too slow, too weak.  By the time he had managed it, the stranger was standing next to him, her gun levelled at his head, two crystal eyes gleaming with evil malice staring down at him.
He had turned away, as she had commanded him to, and waited for the final flash of pain before he rejoined his family.  It had never come though, and when he finally looked round again she had gone, vanished into the rain like a ghost.
She had haunted his dreams every night for the next forty five years, right up until the day he had chased her into the demon haunted ruins of the old city of Chicago.  She had died that day, he was sure of it, and yet…
The doubt that had festered in his mind ever since, blossomed, blocking out all thoughts of his home and his family.  He knew he would find now rest until he had at least investigated the reports.  He hoped his wife would understand.
“Matthew, are you okay?  Matthew!”  Ilya was talking to him, looking concerned.
“Calm yourself Ilya,” growled Matthew, in a tone that brooked no disobedience, even from someone who was technically his superior.  “Where did you say this woman with the crystal eyes was sighted?”
Ilya peered at the report again.  “It was, er, Carson.”
Matthew nodded.  “I know it.”  He fixed Ilya with his piercing eyes, pinning him to his chair.  “I’ll need a horse and supplies for at least a week, two pistols, a rifle, and some ammunition.”
“What?” exclaimed Ilya.  “You can’t just up and leave.  You’ve retired, you have a wife and child to consider for Sol's sake!”
“Exactly.  I don’t want my child growing up in a world that still contains that murderous monster.  I’m leaving.  Tonight.”
“Oh come now, be reasonable.  The earliest we can arrange the provisions is tomorrow.  And have you considered that this might not even be right?” said Ilya, waving the report in the air for emphasis.
“I don’t care,” snarled Matthew.  “I have to know.”  He stood quickly and started to walk quickly out of the office.  “I want those supplies by tomorrow.”  He turned and left before Ilya could reply.
As he walked towards his house he began to cool down, the cold, all-consuming anger faded, becoming a dull ache deep in the pit of his stomach.  Other thoughts began to intrude into his mind; memories of his sister and his parents, and thoughts of his wife and son.  How was he going to tell her?  And his son, how could he leave his son?  But then the image of those crystal eyes swam in front of his eyes, and the anger returned.  He knew no matter how much he upset his wife, or how much he would miss her and his son, that he would never be able to live his life knowing that she was still out there somewhere.  It was unfinished business.
As he walked through the garden gate he glanced over at the tree.  There were three young novice preachers poking long sticks up into the branches.  There was a sudden squeal; one of the novices wrestled briefly with the stick and then swung it violently away.  Something small and many-legged flew through the air before landing with a squeak on Matthew’s carefully tended lawn.  With surprising speed it flipped up on to its legs and charged towards the novice who had dislodged it.  He dropped his stick and went for his gun, but he fumbled the draw and dropped it. 
Before he had a chance to pick it up the spider-squirrel leapt and…
There was a loud roar, and the mutant squirrel exploded in midair.  Blood and lumps of flesh, bone, and gristle spattered down on to the grass.
The terrified, shaking novice looked behind him at Matthew, who was lowering the pistol he had taken from one of the other novices.
“T-t-t-hank you s-s-sir,” he stuttered.  Matthew just looked at him, handed the gun back, shook his head sadly, and walked into the house.
His wife, Salma, was sitting in the kitchen, rocking their son back and forth on her knee.  The little boy had been frightened by the loud crack of the gunshot; tears were running freely down his cheeks.
Salma looked up as her husband walked in, and knew instantly that something was wrong.  There was darkness in his eyes, eyes that wouldn’t meet her own, and a grim set to his jaw.  He was going out on the hunt again.
Finally he met her gaze, and smiled sadly.  He didn’t want to leave, but he had to.
“What is it?” asked his wife finally.
He looked away again, and went to stand in front of the kitchen sink, staring out at the three novices trying to clean up the remains of the demon squirrel.  “She’s still alive,” he said flatly.
Salma had no need to ask who he was referring to.  She had listened to him talk about her in the past, had been there to comfort him when the nightmares drove him from his sleep and he sat in bed, gasping for breath, sweat pouring from his body.  “I thought,” she hesitated, wondering how to say it.  “I thought she was dead.  There’s no chance that she could have survived.”
Still staring out the window, Matthew shrugged.  “You’re right.  But you know it’s always nagged at me, that I never actually saw her die.”  Salma nodded but said nothing.  “It might not even be her,” he continued, doubtfully.  “But I have to know.”
He no longer saw the novices in the garden; his eyes were focused on the last time that he had seen her.
 
It was fifteen years ago, before he had met Salma, and he was still fuelled by a burning, all-consuming anger.  This was the time when he had earned the name they had once given his father - the Preacher.  He had cut a bloody swathe through the land and the mere mention of him could make a strong man go pale with fear.  It had been five years since he had last seen the crystal-eyed girl, and he had been hunting her ever since.  His quest, his obsession, had become legend.  As had the object of his obsession – the crystal-eyed woman had gained a reputation as fearsome as his own. 
And at last, after five long years of chasing rumours and stories, he was closing in. 
By pure chance, he had ridden into a small, dead-end town by the name of Jericho and, as he took a drink at the town’s one saloon he overheard one drinker telling another, in an awed voice, about the woman he’d seen two days ago – the woman with crystal eyes.
It took Matthew all of ten seconds to discover which direction she had gone.  A few short moments later and he had bought a fresh mount, sent messages out for every preacher in the area and set off in pursuit.
And then, after three day’s hard riding, he had crested a ridge and finally seen her – a tiny speck, miles in the distance, atop another ridge.  And rearing up into the sky beyond her, dwarfing the plains around it, one of the dark cities – what had once been Chicago.  No lights shone in the city.  The huge skyscrapers that soared for miles into the sky and had once shone like beacons across the land were now dark, forbidding towers, silhouetted starkly against the setting sun.  A flock of birds circled lazily around the huge structures.
Everyone knew that the old cities were places of death and ghosts and darkness.  No one would go near them, and the few who had claimed that they could hear the moans and shrieks of those who died in The Fall.  Some had ventured into the cities, none had ever returned.
Matthew didn’t know if spirits haunted the empty streets and avenues of the city, but he knew this was where the worst of the demons fled.  The dark, shadowy buildings were the last refuge for those too inhuman to live in the world beyond.  When the twisted, bestial creatures ran howling into the night, away from their parents and their homes, these cities were the places they ran to.  And heading arrow-straight across the rolling grasslands towards one such city was Crystal.
Matthew had spurred his horse and his men on, who by that point numbered close to thirty, knowing that if she went into the city he would almost certainly never see her again.  And he had so desperately wanted to see her.  He wanted to stare into those cold, inhuman eyes as the last of her life drained away.
Their horses flew across the ground, their long strides eating up the miles to the city. 
They crested the last ridge, horses gasping for breath, in time to see Crystal’s horse, unsaddled, trotting away from the city, and its rider barely more than a speck in the distance, standing at the entrance to a wide, tree-lined avenue of ruined houses and shops that disappeared into the shadows of the towering skyscrapers.
They raced after her but as they approached the city their horses began to buck and fight against the riders' directions; by the time they were a mile or so away the beasts were refusing point blank to go any closer.  Matthew dismounted.  As soon as he was off the horse reared up, wrenching the reins from his hands, and bolted.  His fellow preachers were all experiencing similar problems.  Whatever happened from here, if they survived they would be walking back to the nearest town.
He looked towards the city; Crystal was a long way down the avenue now, approaching the base of the first of the skyscrapers.  A mournful howl echoed between the buildings and was quickly joined by others.  Looking around at the other preachers, the men who had followed across hundreds of miles in pursuit of the demon.  They were nervous, terrified even, and they were looking to him for leadership.
"We go in," he shouted.  "Guns at the ready; if it moves, shoot it!"
They had followed Crystal down the avenue, trying to ignore the rising, inhuman tumult that was making the hairs on the back of each man's neck stand on end.  Crystal had vanished into the darkness at the foot of the towers; with wide eyes and trembling hands, the preachers had followed.
There had been a terrible shriek, the howling rose to a crescendo, and then the sound of gunfire had filled the air.
Matthew's first emotions had been a mixture of exultation and anger; joy that perhaps, at last, someone or something had been able to kill Crystal Eyes; rage, that someone else other than him would be the one to do it.  Then the demons came, pouring out of the buildings like an army from Hell.
He remembered their headlong flight down that wide, picturesque avenue, firing almost blindly at the hideously twisted things that attacked them; watching as his comrades, men he'd known well and fought alongside, were ripped apart by talons and tentacles and eaten, still screaming for help or mercy.
Matthew's only clear memory of that desperate escape, the only image that stood out amidst the welter of blood and death, was when he looked back and saw, standing in a single shaft of golden sunlight atop a pile of rubble, a human figure surrounded by a howling mass of misshapen monsters.
He had wanted to watch, to see her torn to pieces as his men had been, but he and his fellow preachers were not yet safe and he had to take flight again.
At last they emerged from the city, on to the open plain, and killed the few demons that had followed them that far.  Behind them, the demons retreated back into the dark heart of the city, dragging their prizes, some of which were still screaming, with them and leaving the cracked floor of the avenue stained red.
Of the thirty or so preachers that Matthew had led into the old city of Chicago, only seven made it out alive, hollow eyed and scarred forever.
He had retired as soon as he returned to New Seattle, haunted by the memories and the guilt of the men he'd lost.  He was sure that Crystal must have died in the city, but there was no satisfaction, just an empty hole in his chest and the feeling that he had, in some way, been cheated, and always, in the back of his mind, a tiny, lingering voice of doubt.
But now she had returned, and he could at last finish what he started all those years ago, he could finally lay the souls of his family and the men who were slaughtered in the ruined city to rest.
Eventually, as the memories faded, he turned away from the window and looked again at his wife, an unfamiliar pain tearing at his heart.  “I have to go.  I’m sorry.”  She nodded sadly, tears in her eyes, and hugged her son tightly to her.

~~~~


Chapter 9
 
Matthew stretched, wincing at the dull ache that seemed to infuse every one of his muscles and joints; to think he had moaned about the backache that working in his wife's garden had given him.  And his backside!  Holy Sol, his backside was killing him.  Surely he’d didn’t used to get this saddle-sore back in the old days.  It had only been four days since he rode out of New Seattle, breathing fire and brimstone, and filled with rage.  For a while, it had been just like it was in the old days.  And then the anger had started to fade, to be replaced by annoyance at the inconvenience and discomfort of it all.
With stiff, deliberate movements, he lowered his aching posterior down on to a flat looking rock with a heavy and heartfelt sigh.
From where he sat, he could see all the way down the narrow, east facing river valley in which he and his two travelling companions – younger preachers; trail hardened and devoted to their cause – had made their camp the previous night.  The sky was lightening, changing from blue to a pale yellow, though the sun had not yet crested the horizon. 
In the trees that lined the riverbanks, Matthew could hear birds chattering to one another.  Somewhere down there, in amongst the trees, the two men were breaking the camp, packing away all the paraphernalia that you had to drag around with you when you were out on the trail.  He knew he should probably go and help out but he just couldn’t summon up the energy.  Things might be better if only he could get some sleep, but the ground beneath his bedroll seemed a lot harder than it used to be.  After three hours or so of tossing and turning he’d managed to drift into a fitful, restless sleep, filled with strange, unremembered dreams that left him feeling more tired than he had been when he turned in for the night.
He missed his bed – that was the simple truth of it.  He, the mighty Preacher, the man who had ridden from one end of the country to the other, spreading the light of God and cleansing the world of evil, was thinking longingly of his warm bed, with its thick, soft mattress and its warm feather duvet.  Not to mention the warm loving arms of his wife.
He wondered how he had managed before.  He refused to accept that he was simply too old to go charging off on what would probably turn out to be a wild goose chase, despite what his wife or his body told him.  If he could just recapture that anger, that sense of urgency that had driven him back out on to the trail, and had, once upon a time, made him hunt a strange demon-woman across thousands of miles of inhospitable wilderness.
He pictured the faces of his family, as they had been before the night when Crystal came.  Then he remembered their bodies, lined up in a neat row, ready for cremation.  And then he remembered the flames that roared up into the cold dawn sky as they were returned to the sun.  But where the images had once been clear and distinct, they were vague and blurred, as if the memories were slipping away from him.  And the anger that he felt was a dull, pale shadow of the rage that had once consumed him.
The images wavered and faded from his mind completely, to be replaced by the memory of the family he had left back in New Seattle; his wife Salma, and his son, standing in the garden smiling at him, laughing in the sun.
He dismissed that memory and tried again.  In contrast to the last memory, this one was of a rain drenched field, sodden grass swaying in the downpour, and the young demon, standing over the body of his father, staring at him through the rain.
And he felt… nothing. 
He sighed again, slowly stood up, imagining he could hear his tired joints creaking with the movement, and made his way down the valley side to where the horses were tethered.  It troubled him, this malaise that had settled on him that he seemed unable to shake.  Perhaps, he thought, I’ll feel more like my old self again when we catch up with her.
But he was not looking forward to the week and a half of riding that lay between them and Carson City.
 
They rode on through the shifting landscape; out of the foothills of the old Oregon mountains and across undulating grasslands, where herds of wild horses and cows roamed and were stalked by coyotes, wolves and other, stranger creatures.  At night, as he lay awake on his bedroll, staring up at the stars, Matthew could hear their howls echoing through the still night air, and he felt a shiver run up his spine as his mind returned again to the ruined city.  And he would turn over contemptuously, ashamed at the fear the howls inspired, and drift into a dream filled sleep, where shadowy, crystal wolves chased him through the barren corridors of his mind.
By the time they reached Carson City, Matthew was exhausted.  On the two previous occasions when he’d visited Carson, he had thought it a dump, a cesspit of a place filled with the worst kind of human scum.  Now though, to his tired, bloodshot eyes, it seemed like heaven on earth.  Oh how he longed for a warm bed, and a mug of ale.  Just thinking about it made his mouth fill with saliva.  That would come later however, first they had business to attend to; the small matter of a certain crystal eyed woman who had been in the vicinity at some point over the last few weeks.
It didn’t take a lot of detective work to find out what had happened.  Or at least a version of what had happened; the tale had grown in the telling, as these things so often do.  Now the story that was told in tones of awe, whispered on street corners to listeners who gasped in amazement despite having already heard the story, was of a heroic gunfight against over a dozen hard-eyed killers and desperadoes. 
This, thought Matthew sourly, as he heard yet another outlandish version of the tale, is how legends start.  The people of Carson City (and doubtless those who had travelled on to other places) had turned what he suspected was a quick and dirty gunfight in a two-bit bar into the coming of a folk hero who would save them all from damnation.  They painted Crystal as the tall, beautiful warrior-maiden; the heroine from the pages of one of the cheap and tawdry storybooks about her that you could buy in most towns.
Matthew found it all strangely depressing rather than enraging.
Eventually, bone-weary after what seemed like hours of wandering around Carson, Matthew gratefully lowered himself into an unsteady wooden chair in the main room of The Last Chance whilst Carlos went to the restroom and Johns went to the bar to get drinks.  The seat was hard and un-cushioned, but right at that moment Matthew really didn’t care; if it meant he was off his feet and not in a saddle then that was just fine with him, yes indeed.  What he really needed, he decided, was about a week in a proper bed, and if his wife happened to be there well then so much the better, but right now he'd settle for a large, large drink and a seat that didn't move.  He couldn’t remember the last time he’d felt as utterly exhausted as he did right now. 
He sat back in his chair and reflected on what he’d been able to learn.  From the tales he’d heard over the last few hours, this was the very bar where the now legendary Crystal Eyes (as she was constantly referred to) had made her amazing stand against a score of heavily armed Solanists and bounty hunters.  Which meant there had been, at most, about five or six of them, estimated Matthew, but probably more like three or four.  Still impressive though.
His musings were interrupted by the return of Johns to the table.  He placed a brimming mug of foaming ale on to the table in front of Matthew (finally, thank the good Lord Sol) and took the seat opposite. 
“She was here,” he said flatly, as Matthew took a large, appreciative gulp of his ale; it was cool and sweet – everything he had been dreaming of for the past week.
“We know that,” said Matthew, wiping away the foam moustache he had acquired.  He wondered why Johns would so emphatically state something they had already established.
“Yes,” replied Johns, with a more than a hint of smugness, “we know she was here several weeks ago.  But what we didn’t know, up until just now, was that she made a return visit, albeit a much quicker, more discrete one.”
Matthew paused in the act of raising his mug for a second gulp of ale.  “How long ago?” he asked.  Suddenly he could feel his heart beating faster in his chest – a faint, but noticeable echo of the old excitement creeping back.
Johns smiled in self-satisfaction, noticing the way the older man’s eyes had lit up.  “About five days, according to the barman.  She was with two others: a very large red-haired man and a shorter black man.  I believe their names to be Tarak and Drake; two known smugglers and demon-sympathisers.”
There was no need for Matthew to ask what he meant by “smugglers” – they were men or women who escorted demons and their families into the relative safety of the badlands. 
Matthew leaned forward, his excitement rising, his mug of ale, so long lusted after, forgotten on the table.  “Where did they go?” he asked in a hoarse whisper, his eyes shining.
Johns frowned slightly and shook his head.  “The barman didn’t know, although he did think he heard the black man, Drake, mention Martinsdale.  Do you know it?”
Matthew nodded.  He knew Martinsdale; it was a quiet little town in the foothills of a mountain range.  He vaguely recalled there being something about an old, burned out demon settlement up in the hills above it but that was from well before his time.  He raised his mug in a toast.  “Well done,” he said.  “We’ll rest here tonight, and start after them at first light tomorrow.”
As he lifted the mug to his lips, someone walking past stumbled slightly and jostled his elbow, making him spill some of the ale.  It splashed down on to the table where it spread out in a wide, frothy puddle and began to drip on to the floor.
Slowly, he twisted in his seat and fixed the poor unfortunate with a look colder than the slopes of hell.  Even in his state of fairly advanced inebriation, the man quailed before Matthew’s gaze and backed away, mumbling a slurred apology.
Matthew turned back to the table; maybe he hadn't entirely lost the strength that had made him the Preacher.  He hoped he could hang on to it.
 
~~~~


Chapter 10
 
“I don’t see why I have to go!” complained Abby.  She hissed in frustration as Alice packed a small travel bag with clothes.
“Because, oh daughter of mine,” replied Alice, in the tone of someone who has had to explain something several times, “the church have started hunting around, searching houses.  You’re not safe here anymore.”
“So why don’t you come with me?”  Abby jumped on to the bed and sat down with a disgruntled thump. 
“Because if we disappear then it’ll be suspicious.”  Alice held up a crumpled shirt that she could have sworn she had ironed a couple of days ago.  “And we need to be here for when the men your father found arrive.”
Abby hissed again, a slow hiss that was her version of an annoyed pout
“Now now, don’t get in a huff.  You’ll have a good time in the country with my aunt and uncle.”
“I don’t like Madeline.  She smells.”
Alice put her hands on her hips and looked at her daughter.  “She does not smell.”
Abby stuck out her long, forked tongue.  “Maybe not to you but she smells of stale milk to me.  And she doesn’t like me either.”
“Of course she likes you!  That’s a terrible thing to say,” said Alice.  She went back to folding up clothes.
“She does not.  Last time she came to visit I saw her making the sign of Sol on her chest when she thought I wasn’t looking.”  Abby mimed drawing a circle on her chest with her finger; it was a sign that Solanists made to ward off evil.
“Well…look, I know she’s not the ideal person, but you’ll still be safer there than you are here.  That’s what matters.”
Abby flopped backwards to lie on her back, staring at the ceiling.  She hissed again but didn’t say anything.
Alice sat down on the side of the bed, ducking her head to avoid a roof beam, and gently stroked her daughter’s hair.  “I’m sorry, love, but there’s nothing else for it.  Here, I got you a present.”  She handed Abby a small object wrapped in brown paper.
The young girl sat up and tore away the wrapping to reveal the back of a slim book.  Turning it over, Abby saw a picture of a tall, statuesque woman with flowing black hair and a gun in each hand; where her eyes should have been were two green crystals that appeared to be on fire. 
“Crystal versus The Dark Denizens of Night,” she read.  She had thought her small stash of Crystal novels was a secret.  “Mama, how did you know I liked these?”
Alice laughed.  “Child, I found those books the first time I cleaned your room.  Now don’t you go becoming some violent gunslinger just because you read a few tall tales about some fancy woman with a pistol.  The world has more than enough people willing to shoot each other without you joining in.”
 
It was the dead of night when Abby finally left, sneaking out as quietly and quickly as she could with her Carl.  He would take her to the outskirts of town where Alice’s uncle was waiting to take Abby to Hope on the back of his horse.
Standing in the shadowy doorway of their house, Alice hugged her daughter tightly, reluctant to let go.  “Stay safe and be careful, Abs.”
“I will, Ma,” sniffed Abby.  Both of them had tears in their eyes, though Abby’s were quickly swept away by a flicker of her secondary eyelids.
“I love you, Abby, never forget that,” said Alice hoarsely, gulping back a sob.  “We’ll come to get you soon.”
“I know, mama.  I love you too.”
With one last kiss on Abby’s scaly forehead, Alice let her daughter go, forlornly watching as she put up a hood to hide her snake-like skin and walked away, hand in hand with her father.  She looked back at Alice one last time as they rounded a corner, and then they were gone. 
Alice closed the front door and then knelt in the hallway, shoulders heaving from the great sobs that engulfed her.  She caught herself almost wishing that she believe in Sol, so she had someone to pray to.  There was no belief there though, just as there hadn’t been since she had first gazed into her newborn daughter’s slitted yellow eyes fourteen years before.
 
Abby had been at her great aunt’s house for almost two weeks and it was not proving to be an enjoyable experience at all.  It appeared that having the “dratted snake-girl” living with them had been enough to push Madeline’s dislike into outright enmity.  There was a generous helping of paranoia there as well.  The woman seemed to be forever on the verge of hysteria in case someone in the village discovered her.  This fear had led to Abby spending the vast majority of her time hidden in the small cupboard where the cleaning utensils were kept, in case anyone popped round unexpectedly.  In the time she had been in here Abby had yet to hear anyone come to visit but, in spite of this, her most constant companions were a broom and a tin bucket. 
She did at least have her book; it was a struggle to read it in the cupboard but there was just enough light for her sensitive eyes to make out the words.  She was trying to make it last, limiting herself to a couple of pages a day.  In the chapter she was currently reading, Crystal had encountered a handsome bounty hunter.  Reading it, Abby had come to the conclusion that her mother had not actually looked at the text at all; if she’d spotted a single mention of heaving bosoms (and so far there had been several), she would never have let her daughter anywhere near it.
She looked down at her slender torso; it did not look as if she was in any danger of having a heaving anything anytime soon.
There was a creak from the front door, waking her from her bored stupor.  She could pick out Madeline's voice, talking to someone who was apparently outside.  It sounded like she was trying to dissuade whoever it was from coming inside.  The front door closed and a single set of footsteps could be heard moving around in the main room.  Abby could hear her great aunt muttering about "that dratted demon".
Over the days she had been there, it had been obvious to Abby that her aunt's dislike for her was growing; the glowering looks, the muttered asides, it all added up to a simmering hostility.  Abby had started to fear that perhaps the safety her mother had presumed Madeline would provide was not going to last much longer; the older woman had taken to ostentatiously wearing a gleaming gold ring on a chain around her neck, a common piece of jewellery amongst Solanists.
Abby began to wonder if, perhaps, it might be a better idea to run away and try to survive on her own.  She was confident she could manage out in the wilds; between her natural speed and her deadly fangs she would have no problem providing food for herself, or protecting herself against some of the predators who roamed the hills.  She had promised her mother she would stay here though, and wait for her parents to arrive, so here she would stay, at least for now.

~~~~


Chapter 11

Crystal rode apart from Tarak and Drake, some thirty feet in front of them, as their horses slowly and carefully picked their way alonto a little used path at the bottom of a narrow gorge.  On their left, a narrow, foaming river tumbled over the sandy coloured rocks, roaring and splashing its way towards the Western Sea (which Crystal knew had once been called the Pacific Ocean).
Crystal pulled up her horse, a young, brown mare, and waited for the others to catch up.  As she waited, she looked around the narrow, tortuously twisting gorge and brought up the memories of her last trip through.  In her mind’s eye, the sight of the craggy, yellow gorge sides and the white tipped water was overlaid with the gorge as it had been almost fifty years ago.  It hadn’t changed much; the river had been slightly higher, perhaps four or five inches, and there had been a small landslide on the opposite side, leaving a scar of lighter coloured rock some twenty feet long, but apart from that, everything was as it had been before.
Apart from her.
When last she had ridden through here, travelling in the opposite direction to the one she took now, she had been a young woman in her late teens, fleeing for her life.  Behind her, about a days ride from where she sat now, the sanctuary that had been her refuge for almost five years burned, black smoke billowing up in to the yellowing dawn sky.
Tarak and Drake had questions about Martinsdale, she knew that.  Even she, with her impassive, almost expressionless face, had let something show when Drake had first said the name; a tiny flicker of memory and emotion had broken through the calm, marble-white surface.  So far they had bitten their tongues, but as they neared their destination, she could feel their curiosity intensifying.  They were going to reach the sanctuary within the next hour, where they would almost certainly stop to make camp for the night.  As they sat around the campfire, they would ask her.  She knew it with absolute certainty.
 
The fire crackled on what had once been a carefully tended lawn at the centre of the ruined settlement; it was now overgrown and weed-strewn, with vines snaking their way around some crumbling statues.  Drake poked the fire with a stick, raising a cloud of embers that rose up, fading as they got higher.  Behind him, Tarak was brushing his horse down where it was tethered, up close against a crumbling wall.  Of Crystal, there was no sign.
He couldn’t see much of the buildings in the fading light, but he’d seen enough to tell that it had been badly burned.  The stonework around the empty windows and doors was burned and blackened, and within the walls of the main structure the remains of the great beams that had held up the floors and the roof lay haphazardly on the scorched floor.
Crystal knew this place – that was plain to see.  Over the course of the last couple of days, as they approached Martinsdale and these ruins, she had become even quieter and more withdrawn than normal.  And before now, Drake would have been prepared to bet every dollar he owned that that was impossible.  But no, she hadn’t said a word since a brusque “Thank you” when Tarak had handed her some lunch earlier that day.
Where she was now, he had no idea.  As soon as they’d arrived she’d tethered her horse to a rusted ring on the wall and vanished into the dark shadows of the ruins.
His curiosity was burning a hole in him, but Tarak wouldn’t let him ask her any questions about it even though Drake knew for a stone-cold fact that Tarak was just as curious as he was.  He was going to ask her tonight, he decided, just as soon as she reappeared from wherever the hell she was.
 
Crystal walked slowly and sure-footedly through the crumbling, fire-destroyed rooms that had been her home for five years.  Memories of the building as it had been then, of the people who had lived there with her, hung in front of her eyes, insubstantial as ghosts.  Her memory of the rooms and corridors was perfect and as clear as, well, crystal.  This was the place where she had grown from a girl who had seen too much in her short life, into a young woman who could face the world with nothing but the faint echoes of old fears.
She pushed open a door that, though it was blackened by the blaze and warped by fifty years of water pouring in through the open roof, had survived more or less intact, revealing a small room, perhaps no more than twenty feet square, with grey-yellow, moss and fungus covered walls.  There was a bed up against the right hand wall, the covers, which still held a faint ghost of the pretty pattern that had once covered them, were rotten and covered with slimy fungus.  On the left of the room stood a writing desk, its dark wood twisted by exposure to the rain and wind, the varnish cracked and flaking off.  There was a small tree growing in the corner behind it. 
The glass in the small window was long gone, its shattered remains lay on the floor in front of the opening, and the air was heavy with the scent of rotting cloth and damp.
This was the first place she saw when she was brought here, back when she had still been called by the name her parents had given her; Christine.  Her first sight was of the ceiling (now long gone) of this room.  It felt strange to be back here, seeing it like this, an empty, skeletal shadow of what it had once been.
Crystal closed her eyes, and suddenly she was back there, fifty nine years ago, waking from a long, feverish sleep…
 
The first thing she became aware of was the sound of scratching; a dry, papery sound.  And there was a faint smell of freshly pressed linen.  She moved slightly, and felt the cool, smooth cloth brushing gently against her firm, white skin.  It was a very pleasant sensation.  She opened her eyes, and found herself looking straight up at a white, roughly plastered ceiling that rose and fell in an uneven landscape.
The room was small, no more than about twenty square feet, with rough walls made from dull, yellow stone.  There was a small window set high up, some six feet off the ground, in the wall at the end of the bed on which she lay.  The bed itself was far too big for her, but it was extremely comfortable and soft and she was loathe to leave it.  It was pushed up against the wall on Christine’s (not quite Crystal, not yet) right creating a narrow corridor to her left.  There was a small table against the left hand wall with a picture of some great city hanging above it.  A woman in a simple white cotton dress, dark hair pulled back into a ponytail that hung down her back, was sitting at the table writing; she hadn’t noticed that the girl in the bed behind her had awoken.
Christine closed her eyes again, and tried to work out where she was and how she got here.  She remembered returning to her village and all that had transpired before that.  And she remembered the shouting and the catcalls, and the sting of the stones, flung in fear and hatred.  But then everything faded to a foggy grey, and there was nothing but barely remembered dreams and nightmares.
She opened her eyes; it was time to go and find out where she was.  With unconscious stealth and silence Christine pushed back the white sheets and quilt and swung her legs off the bed, discovering that she was wearing a simple nightdress very similar in style to the woman’s dress that reached almost to the floor. 
The flagstones of the floor were made of the same stone as the walls.  They were smooth, and refreshingly cool to the touch.  She stood, unsteadily at first but the feeling soon passed; more than anything, she was hungry.  The woman was still writing, still totally unaware that her charge was awake and watching her.
“Hello,” said Christine.
The woman yelped in surprise and dropped her pen, spattering ink all over whatever it was she’d been writing.  Rising out of the chair she stood, shaking slightly, her hand gripping the back of the chair for support, and tried to regain her composure.  “Erm, hello,” she stuttered.  Although she had been a nurse for over ten years, and had seen things that would make a grown man faint, she was still finding Christine’s unwavering crystalline gaze very disconcerting.
“Where am I?” asked Christine.
The nurse, a pleasant looking woman in her thirties, looked away to avoid staring into Christine’s eyes; gazing into them gave her the uncomfortable (and ridiculous, she admonished herself) feeling that her soul was plunging into some bottomless abyss.  The voice wasn’t helping either – it was too flat and monotonous, with no inflections on any of the words, when it should have sounded worried.  “You’re in Martinsdale Sanctuary.  It’s a safe place, high in the mountains; here we shelter anyone who needs it and try to preserve knowledge from before the Fall."  She felt her confidence returning as she spoke, though she was still looking at the wall behind Christine.  “You’ll be safe here.  My name’s Marina by the way.”
Christine said nothing and continued to face Marina.
Marina cleared her throat.  “So, your name is er, Christine?”
Christine opened her mouth to answer, but then closed it again.  She felt different now, like some part of her was missing.  Something deep inside her was gone.  “Christine is dead,” she said in that same flat monotone that allowed no room for contradiction.  Her mouth twisted into a bitter smile, the first expression Marina had seen on the inscrutable, stiff face that seemed to be carved out of polished alabaster.  “My name is Crystal.”  It had been her nickname for most of her life, despite her parents’ best efforts to get everyone to treat her like a normal girl.  So why not? she figured.  The world obviously wanted her to be Crystal, the demon girl with the crystal eyes, so that’s who she’d be.
 
After Crystal had changed into a blue dress and a pair of plain brown shoes, Marina took her out of the room and into one of the main corridors.  The sanctuary was a large, labyrinthine place that housed almost three hundred people according to Marina.  It looked to Crystal, as she was led through the twisting maze of corridors, as if every one of those three hundred people was bustling around at the same time on some urgent errand.  More than once the two of them were forced to flatten themselves against the stone walls to avoid being run down by someone rushing past.  It was a busy, breathless place, full of life and vitality.
After walking for what felt like miles, they arrived at the library; a vast, domed room that was dark and shadowy despite the bright sunshine outside.  As she looked at the vast space, filled with row upon row of shelves that were all stacked to breaking point with books of every conceivable size, Crystal almost gasped in astonishment.  In her short life she had seen perhaps a dozen books.  And they had all been kids books, to help the children of her home village to learn how to read.  Crystal (or Christine as she had been then) had read them all in an afternoon.  But this, this was something else altogether.  She felt an urge to pull down a book now, at random, and start reading – and not stop until she’d read every book in the library.  She’d never felt an attraction to something the way she did now.  But even as she stared in amazement at the innumerable books she was also aware of an elderly woman sitting in a pool of light at a nearby table.  She had a book open on the table in front of her but currently she was ignoring it, preferring instead to watch the young girl, peering over her half-moon spectacles with an expression of wry amusement.
“Do you like our library then, young Christine?” she asked.  Her voice was warm and her accent was very clear, every word carefully enunciated.
“Yes,” replied Crystal without looking round, not that she needed to.  “And my name’s Crystal.”
The woman’s eyebrows rose at this, and she looked quizzically at Marina, who could only shrug and shake her head in response.  “Okay,” she said.  “Well, Crystal, my name is Joanne.  I run this place, inasmuch as anyone could claim to.”
For the first time Crystal turned her head to directly face Joanne.  To Joanne, sitting as she was in the light looking into the darker environs of the library, the girl’s pale face seemed like a ghost, with two empty holes where the eyes should be.  Only the faintest glimmer of light, a reflection from the lamp she was reading by, gave any indication that there was anything within those dark sockets at all.
“Come into the light child, I can’t see you properly over there.”  Crystal moved smoothly into the pool of light, standing across the table from Joanne and staring at her with unblinking intensity.  “That’s better.  First of all, let me say welcome to Martinsdale.  This was built as an observatory, a place of knowledge and learning, centuries before the fall, though no-one knows quite how old it is.  They used to study the stars here, using telescopes other instruments that we can't begin to understand.  We've tried to continue that legacy, saving as much knowledge as we can from before the Fall, protecting it from the darkness and ignorance that has consumed the world outside.  Anyone who needs shelter, who asks for sanctuary will receive it, mutant or human.”  She paused, looking at Crystal to see if there was any kind of response to this.  There wasn’t.  “We have several mutants, as opposed to 'demons', here already, most of them far more bizarre looking than you are.”  Although privately, Joanne admitted to herself that even compared to the strangest of them, including the girl with tentacles growing out of her torso, just below her arms, there was something especially disconcerting about looking at that unnaturally smooth skin, and staring into those infinitely deep crystalline eyes.  “I’m sure you’ll fit right in, assuming of course that you want to stay?”
Crystal blinked slowly, the first movement she had made since walking into the light.  “For the moment,” she answered eventually.
“That’s settled then.”  Joanne rose stiffly from her seat, wincing as cramped muscles straightened out.  “Been sitting there for too long.  Come, I’ll show you round, introduce you to some of the others.  I’m sure you’ll all get on well.”  She had her doubts about whether this impassive girl who gave nothing away would ever really get on with anyone, but she kept them to herself.
Joanne led Crystal around the monastery, showing her several classrooms (which were all full of other children), the wide, level exercise yard and gymnasium, and the quiet contemplation rooms where people could go to relax and meditate.  Then there were the dormitories, long rooms with beds, each flanked by a small chest of drawers, lining both sides.  At the far end of each of the rooms was a disparate collection of chairs facing a merrily burning fire, though to Crystal it didn’t seem in the least bit cold.
Finally, they returned to the library.  It had taken them almost an hour – an hour in which Joanne had done all of the talking.  Crystal’s only contributions had been the occasional monosyllabic response when a question was directed at her.
“So,” said Joanne, settling gratefully back into her seat in the library.  “What do you think?”
Crystal regarded her expressionlessly.  “It’s nice,” she replied without any apparent feeling.  “Can I read the books?”
The unexpected question threw Joanne but she rallied magnificently.  “What?  Er, I don’t see why not.  Do you like reading?”
Crystal nodded her head once in confirmation.  “My mother taught me.”  She lapsed back into silence.
Joanne waited to see if anything else would be forthcoming.  When it became clear that that was all she was going to get, and the silence had grown heavy and intrusive, she clapped her hands together, startling two people sitting at other tables, who were pretending they were reading and not watching what was going on.  “Yes, you can read the books,” she proclaimed, pointlessly reiterating her earlier statement.
Crystal nodded again, a single small movement of the head that was almost imperceptible.  “Thank you.  I think I would like to stay, at least for a while.  Is that okay?”
This time it was Joanne nodded; a much more animated gesture than Crystal’s.  “Of course dear, of course – as long as you don’t mind staying in one of the dormitories with the other girls.  You’ll need to go to lessons with them as well.  Would that be a problem?”
Crystal shrugged non-committedly.  “Okay.”
“Excellent!” said Joanne over-enthusiastically, feeling in some strange way that she needed to compensate for the young girl’s lack of emotion.  “If I remember correctly the girls in your age group should be about to start a class.  Would you like to join them?”
Again, that same non-committal shrug.
Joanne gave up with a sigh.  “Fine.  I’ll get someone to show you the way?”  She looked round at the two other occupants of the library, who were now concentrating on the pages in front of them with such intensity it wouldn’t have surprised Joanne if the paper had ignited.  She was about to call one of them over when Crystal interrupted her: "Which room is it?"
“What?” she said, nonplussed.  The question had caught her unawares.  “I think it was, er, 104.  Why do you ask?”
“I can find it,” said Crystal, turning toward the library’s entrance.
“You can remember where it is?” Joanne asked in surprise.
“I always remember.”  There was a faint edge to Crystal’s voice, the tiniest hint of emotion and the echo of some deeper, darker meaning to her words.  She walked out of the door, Marina hurrying after, without looking back.
 
Crystal walked slowly down the damp, debris strewn corridor, the tapping of her short, square boot heels echoing off the scorched stone walls.  Without really thinking about it, her feet had carried her to room 104.  The door was still there, but it was hanging by only its lower hinge.  With one light shove it collapsed backwards into the ruined room.
She found she was feeling the same nervousness as she had fifty years ago, when she had first walked through this door, just behind Marina.  And she had been nervous, despite the outward appearance of calm; the memories of what her old friends and classmates had done when she had returned to her home village had still been fresh in her mind, some of the bruises still visible on her body, face and arms.
The bruises were long gone, and though she could still remember the stones raining down on her, the pain and fear had faded.  Taking a deep breath, she stepped through the door.
 
“Everyone, this is Christi… I mean, Crystal.”  Marina stepped aside and placed a comforting hand on the young girl’s shoulder.  Crystal stepped forward and surveyed the room.
There were twenty two children, all sitting at small wooden desks and all within a couple of years of her own age.  Most of them looked normal, but spread around the room were four other demons, or what was it Joanne had called them, mutants?
There was a girl with a pair of tentacles emerging from just below her arms (one of which she was using to pick a pencil up off the floor), a boy, younger than she was by a couple of years, with a heavily jutting forehead and prominent, ridged eyebrows, another girl with scaled skin and thick, bony spines instead of hair, and finally, well, she didn’t know what it was, but it was completely hairless, with bright blue skin.  I can see I’m going to fit right in, she thought with more than a hint of sarcasm.
“Crystal,” said Marina, “go and take one of the seats at the back.  You wont have to do any work just yet; we want you to get accustomed to being here first.  You can start on the lessons proper in a day or two.”
Crystal nodded, and walked to a spare desk at the back of the classroom; every eye in the room watching her as the children weighed her up, staring with the kind of intensity that only children seem to manage.
“Welcome Crystal,” said the teacher, as Marina left the classroom and softly closed the door behind her.  “My name’s Miss. Cortez.  This afternoon, we’re learning basic mathematics.  Now class, back to your exercises.”
Crystal looked at the blackboard behind Miss. Cortez; it was covered in simple mathematical equations, all of which Crystal could solve without really thinking about it.  The same went for the sheet of exercises on the desk in front of her.  She gave up on the lesson, and stared out of the window at a small water garden in a square between the buildings, watching droplets flying up from the small waterfall and shining in the air like diamonds and the gentle ripples moving across the surface of the pond.
She had spent many happy hours in that room.  Once they had moved on to things she didn't know, she had hoovered up information and knowledge as quickly as possible.  She had excelled in maths and logic but had loved learning about history and science. discovering that, far from being demon spawn, the differences in children like her were probably the result of a genetic mutation caused by the sun's radiation.
"So the Solanists are kind of right?" one of the other children had asked.
"In a strange, sort of way, yes," answered Joanne, who was taking that particular class, "but at the same time they're completely wrong.  The sun is a ball of massively hot, flaming hydrogen gas.  It is magnificent, true enough, and without it there would be no life on earth, but it is not a god.  It is not a conscious thing."
"Why do the Solanists worship it?" Crystal had asked.
Joanne had sighed deeply.  "People like to find someone to blame when something goes wrong, Crystal, and if it's a personality, something with a consciousness, then it might be reasoned with.  If you plead hard enough then perhaps you can reverse what happened, or prevent it happening again.  We are not naturally rational creatures, that is why it's important to keep thinking critically, to evaluate our decisions and try to keep them rational instead of emotional.  I think you might be the exception to that."
She thought fondly of the laughter and the faint embarrassment.  It had made her feel human.  She wished it could have lasted.
 
Now the windows were cracked and caked with soot, and the water garden was overgrown; ferns and vines all but obscuring the algae filled pond, the waterfall of clear water, which had once entranced her as it trickled over the rocks, was choked with weeds and soil.  It had become a sad, dark placed, filled with shadows.
With a heavy sigh, Crystal turned away from the window.  The rest of the room had survived the fire and the subsequent years of neglect relatively unscathed, though the ceiling was dripping with water and starting to sag.  The desks were still as they had been the night of the fire and the blackboard still held the remnants of the last lesson in faded chalk.  Crystal thought back; she’d been in that lesson.  She remembered Mr. Thompson writing the words that still hung there, a steady stream of chalk-dust falling from his hand as he wrote on the board.  It had been a history lesson – The World Before the Fall.  She smiled a sad smile, wondering how the two she travelled with would react if she told them what the world had been like.  Unlike most of the world, those who had been in the sanctuary at the time of the Fall had kept a careful written account of the world they’d known.  Things long since faded into myth Crystal knew to be fact.  Would Tarak and Drake be able to handle things like spaceships and other planets, or flying hovercars that could go from one side of the country to the other in a matter of minutes, would they understand what genetic mutation was? 
She walked towards the library, wondering if any of it had survived the fire, when she saw the flickering light of a torch coming out of the library doorway and stopped.  Someone in the library was calling her name in a self-consciously loud stage-whisper; it was Tarak.
Crystal smiled; she was becoming fond of the seemingly mismatched pair, or at least as fond as she ever got of anyone.  She steeled herself against the potential sight of the destroyed library, and stepped inside.
Even thought she was expecting it, the devastation inside the library still took her breath away.  There was nothing left but the charred skeletons of the shelves, a thick layer of ash, with a few scorched, tattered pages lying amongst it, their remaining print washed away by the rain that had been pouring in through the shattered glass dome.  All that knowledge, things that would have amazed her two companions, gone forever.  The only place it remained now, as far she knew, was in her infallible memory and in the scant few books that they managed to save.
There were spatterings of bat guano over pretty much everything, though there was no sign of them in the library tonight. 
Crystal sighed softly; time spent in this place, far away from the harsh realities of the world in which she lived, had been some of the happiest of her life.  There had been times, when she was truly lost in one of the books, that she had almost been able to forget the circumstances that had brought her to the monastery.
But it was all gone now.  Once again, fire had taken away a life she had cherished.  The knowledge that the fires hadn’t been her fault didn’t help – she was their root cause. 
She bent down and picked up a page of some old book that had survived for hundreds of years, before it finally surrendered to the flames.  There was a faint shadow of the original text on there but it was illegible, even to her.
She let the page fall back to the floor and hardened her heart, as she had done many times before; this was all in the past.  And, she thought with a certain grim satisfaction, those who started the fire had already paid in blood for what they had done.
She moved out of the library and walked slowly towards a tall building with a metal dome on top that was silhouetted against the stars.  The door was badly warped and it took her a few seconds of effort to open.
Behind her, in the depths of the ruined library, the light from Tarak’s makeshift torch, a burning stick taken from the campfire, flickered in the opening she'd emerged from.  He was wondering in the maze of collapsed bookshelves, still softly calling out her name.  There was a thud and a bout of muffled cursing as he caught his shin on the wreckage of a chair.
“Tarak,” she called in a patient voice.  The cursing stopped.
“Crystal?” came the reply from somewhere amongst the shelves.
“There's a broken door in the opposite wall to the entrance you came through.”  There was more grumbling from Tarak’s direction, and the flickering torchlight grew brighter as Tarak fumbled his way towards the door. 
“I’ve been looking for you,” said Tarak as he neared her. 
“Well you found me.”  She turned and entered the domed building.
Inside was a huge, mostly empty room.  Corroded, dented metal cylinders of increasing sizes were coiled around the floor like a giant mechanical snake.  Ivy vines were wrapping around the cylinders and ferns were sprouting up from beneath them.  Fragments of glass lay amongst the spreading carpet of greenery.
Crystal sighed as she looked at it; she'd been expecting it but it was still hard to see.
"What was that thing?" asked Tarak, peering through the door.  "Some kind of metal beast?"
"It was a telescope.  This was an observatory, a place for looking at the stars; it had been here for centuries."  Crystal gazed up at the wide gap in the metal dome that the telescope had looked through.
"Why would anyone do that?"
"To learn, to look beyond the world."  She sighed again and turned her back on the ancient telescope.  "Come on."
“Wait,” called Tarak.  “What happened here?”
Crystal paused.  “It was repayment for a kindness shown.  Come back to the camp and I’ll tell you, but I need a drink first.”  She vanished back into the library.
Tarak hurried after her, but after a couple of steps he tripped on some bit of debris and dropped his torch.  It landed in the ash with a soft, dusty thump, and went out.  Tarak found himself plunged into total darkness.
“Er, Crystal?” he called.  Although he would never admit it, there was perhaps a hint of panic to his voice.  “Are you still there?  Hello?  Crystal?”
 
Drake and Tarak watched Crystal as she silently stared into the dancing flames of their campfire, its light dancing in the bottomless wells of her eyes.  She took a long drink from the bottle of whiskey in her hand and leaned back against a convenient rock.
"I was brought here as a child, about twelve years old, after I first encountered the Solanists.  I don't know the man who brought me here; he was a travelling preacher, though not a Solanist one, who found me lying in the road.  I always hoped he would come back one day but he never did.
"This place was a kind of sanctuary and school.  They had all kinds of mutated people there, demons as they're generally known, and they'd made it their mission to preserve as much knowledge as possible from before the Fall.  Maybe I'll tell you about it later; space ships, the distant planets, where the 'demons' came from.
"I loved my time here; I learned so much, made good friends, at least for awhile, and read thousands of pre-Fall books.
“It was five years after I arrived when word got out that there was a place sheltering demons, and that I was there.  I never did find out how, but my best guess is that one of the others who stayed there in that time let it slip.  All I know for sure is that one night, under the guise of lost travellers, a group of Solanists, I’m not sure how many exactly there were, came into the sanctuary.  It burned to the ground before dawn of the next day.
“I was in the library when I first became aware of them; a man came through the door holding a lantern in one hand and a pistol in the other.  I could see the small Solanist badge he wore on a chain around his neck.”
 
She watched the man as he warily made his way into the library; he was medium height and wiry, the tendons on his scrawny neck clearly obvious.  An old, narrow scar followed the line of his jaw, twisting his mouth into an ugly sneer.  Something hanging around his neck moved, catching the light of the lantern; a Solanist badge.  Deep in the dark shadows of the library, the seventeen year old Crystal felt a chill pass through her as she notices that hateful symbol.  She was gripped by a deep, cold anger and let the book she was reading drop to the floor with a loud thud.
Instantly, the man raised the lantern high and directed it towards the general area where he heard the noise.  But Crystal was already gone, rattlesnake quick and silent as a ghost, deeper into the stacks of books.
She found, as she watched the man pick his way almost blindly up the aisle she had just vacated, that she was smiling.  It was a cold and terrible smile, with no hint of humour in it.
The man, making his way slowly up the aisle of heavily laden shelves, lantern held high, eyes straining to pierce the darkness, didn't hear the stealthy footsteps coming up behind him, didn't feel the slender white fingers as they oh-so-delicately pluck his left hand gun from its holster with the feather-light touch of a professional pickpocket.
No, his first indication that something might be wrong was the sound of a mechanical click behind him.  It was a sound he knew all too well.
Crystal hefted the gun easily in her left hand.  It felt familiar, almost comforting.  She remembered the loud, deafening boom they made when they fired, the flash of piercing light, the smell of spent gunpowder, the way they kicked in her hands.
In front of her, the man raised his hands, pointing his one remaining gun at the ceiling.  He slowly turned around, the shadows dancing on the shelves of books as the lantern twisted and turned, and saw the slight figure of a girl in a white nightdress standing there, the gun looking huge in her small hands.
At first he didn't notice her eyes, lost as they were in the shadows of her face, but then the lantern swung slightly and light flashed off the multi-faceted orbs.
His own eyes grew wide and he took a step back.  The hand holding the gun began to lower.  Crystal’s didn't waver; it remained aiming straight at the man’s heart.
He took another step back, his arm jerked and he tried to bring the gun to bear.  The peace of the library was shattered by the roar of a gunshot.  Shadows danced wildly on the ceiling, walls and shelves as the lantern rolled on the floor.  It finally came to rest, its light shining on the still face of the man as he stared sightlessly at the distant ceiling.
Crystal could hear shouting coming from other parts of the sanctuary; it wouldn't take the dead man’s friends long to find the source of the gunshot.  She knelt down next to the corpse, completely unmoved by what she had just done, and quickly unbuckled the man’s gunbelt with swift, sure fingers.  Within seconds it was wrapped around her own waist; a fraction too large, but it would do.  She picked up the man’s guns and slotted them into the holsters, their weight a comforting presence on her hips.
She looked at the corpse one last time, but felt nothing.  He had been trying to kill her, but she had killed him.  With cold, implacable logic she dismissed the man and ran out of the library’s door.
Outside the library the corridor was dark, sparsely lit with low burning lanterns that created small, thin pools of yellow light on the uneven stone floor.  Crystal ran easily down the corridor towards the dormitory where she slept, flashing from the shadows, through the patches of illumination, and then back into the darkness like a wraith.
Just as she rounded a left-hand corner she heard footsteps and girls’ voices; they sounded distressed and fearful.  She was moving too fast, had too much momentum, to stop in time.  She flashed around the corner, seeing everything in a freeze frame: a group of ten girls in their nightdresses, all of whom she recognised with a pang of regret – she was sorry that they were caught up in this – were being shepherded along a corridor by three armed men, all with their guns drawn, all Solanists.  There was one man at the front of the group, another two behind.
She almost ran headlong into the lead man, but at the last possible moment she used her momentum to carry her wide to the man’s left.  Now there was a startled looking girl, Kim who slept in the bed next to her own, in front of her, blocking her path, and an armed man behind who she was certain was even now turning round.  Instinctively she took the only route that would stop her cannoning into the girl, and jumped up and to her right.  She raised her right foot and kicked off the wall, feeling the rough stone on the soles of her bare feet, and sent herself into a midair spin, her nightdress twisting about her as she span, and drew both pistols.  As she rose up over the heads of the other girls, she could see the astonished faces on the two men at the rear as they followed her leap, and marked their position in her mental map of the corridor.  Then she turned over in time to see the man at the front raising his gun.  With calm assurance she aimed and fired, not even seeing the results as she revolved away; she didn't need to, there was no doubt in her mind that the shot had gone home.
She reached the apex of her jump and started to drop back down as she twisted round to face the men at the back.  Knowing exactly where they were, she was already aiming in her mind before she could see them.  She fired twice, once from each pistol, and then she was down, rolling between the two men as they fell to the floor.
One of them still lived, having only been hit in the shoulder.  Crystal cocked a pistol and pointed it between his terrified eyes.
“How many left, where are they?” she asked.
"You!" he gasped, looking at her eyes.
"How many?" repeated Crystal more forcefully.  She reached forward and dug her thumb into the shoulder wound, making the man cry out.
“Four,” he gasps, his voice thick with pain.  “In the big room, the one with all the tables.  And two others searching, I don’t know where.”  He meant the central meeting room, where they had their meetings and ate their meals.  The man looked up at her with hope on his face.  She pulled the trigger, extinguishing any hope he had.
She looked up at her friends, eyes gleaming in the shimmering lamplight.  They were huddled on the floor, looking back at her with eyes saucer-wide with fear – fear of her.  She could see the barrier that existed between them now; they were no longer the friends they had been.
And then she was gone, running silently along the dark corridors with frightening speed, reaching the double doors that were the entrance to the central chamber in a matter of seconds. 
Her keen hearing told her there were many people in there; she could hear panicked breathing and crying.  Currently only one person was speaking, however – Joanne.
“I’m telling you I don’t know what you’re talking about,” she said, her voice as calm and authoritative as ever.  There was a flat, slapping sound, flesh hitting flesh, and someone cried out.
Crystal made sure both her pistols were fully loaded and quietly opened the door.  The main chamber was wide and long, with lanterns placed at regular intervals around the walls and on the tables to provide illumination; only two were lit, standing on a table around which several people were sitting.  Two travel-hardened men were standing on one side of the table.  Facing them was Joanne, who was sitting in a high backed dining chair, face turned to one side, her left cheek glowing a vivid pink.  To her left and right, on similar chairs, were sat Maria, her assistant, and Oswyn, the stablemaster – they both sported a number of bruises, and Maria was weeping but trying to stifle the sound of the sobs.
Behind them two other men were standing, both carrying long-barrelled rifles, stood watch over a crowd of children and younger adults.  The sense of fear in the room was palpable.
No one noticed the young woman with the thick, shoulder-length black hair, standing in the doorway in a white, blood-spattered night dress, a gun in each of her pale hands.
The first to notice her was Maria, who looked up, and through blurry, tearful eyes saw the slight figure framed in the doorway.  She gasped, drawing the attention of the four men away from Joanne and on to herself.
“What?” demanded one of them harshly, then he followed the direction of her astonished gaze.  “Oh shit!” he muttered.
No one in the room moved, frozen in place for almost two seconds.
Then one of the other girls screamed "RUN!" at Crystal.
The moment of shock broken, the two Solanists with rifles, their faces sneered with confidence, lazily brought their guns to bear on Crystal; they were sure that she was no threat.  Then their eyes widened as they noticed the gunbelt, and the two pistols she was pointing at them.
The other two men were both drawing their own guns, hardened killer’s eyes fixed on Crystal.
She fired and dropped to the left, her movements instinctive and certain.  Both shots found their marks, sending the two riflemen backwards, one dead, the other injured – he crashed into the side of Oswyn’s chair, sending him, Joanne and Maria flying, and they in turn hit the table, which tilted just enough to overturn the two oil lamps standing on top of it, spilling their contents.  With a whoomph the spilled oil ignited, throwing a curtain of fire across the tabletop.
The two pistoleers fired at the spot where Crystal was crouching.  Both missed as she rolled away and came back to her feet, firing again.  One of the men went down, but the other was shielded by his friend.  He fired back as the body landed at his feet, and the bullet whined through the air mere inches from Crystal’s head.  She shot again, and that time there was no one to shield the man.  The bullet took him in the centre of the chest, blasting him backwards.  One of his flailing arms passed through the flames on the table, which was now burning fiercely, and caught alight.
The door through which Crystal had come had swung shut, now it opened with a bang.  The last of the Solanists was standing there, surveying the scene in astonishment.  The last thing he saw was the light of the fire reflected in a pair of crystal eyes, and then something flared brightly in the space between them.

Crystal stared into the campfire, seeing again the flames licking around the windows and doors of the library.  
“What happened next?” asked Drake.  Beside him Tarak blinked owlishly, as if awaking from a deep sleep.
Crystal shrugged.  "The fire had taken hold and the Solanists had told Joanne that more preachers were on the way.  So they ran, taking what we could rescue from the fire and heading for the badlands."
"What about you?"
"I...I didn't go with them.  They were not keen for me to stay with them.  I believe I frightened them.  More Solanists came a couple of days later, about thirty of them.  I managed to distract them; had them chasing me up into the hills until they had to turn back."
She thought back to long days of scrambling through steeply sloped forests, bullets whining past and thudding into the trees around her.  Firing back, killing more and more of them until she ran out of ammunition.  She remembered seeing him; the man who wanted to carry on hunting her straining against the hands of his fellow preachers as they tried to persuade him to go back down the mountain; the man who had killed her family.
"I don't know if the other people from the sanctuary survived to make it to the badlands.  I hope so."
"Did you never try to find them?" asked Tarak.
Crystal shook her head.  "They would not have thanked me for that.  It was me the Solanists were after - apparently there was a bounty out on my head."
"Why you?"
Crystal smiled mirthlessly.  "The first time the Solanists captured me, I killed some of them to escape.  One of them was the brother of someone important."
"Who?" asked Drake, eager for more details of the story.
"A man called Joshua.  I learned later that they called him The Preacher."
"Nah, can't be.  The Preacher's only a few years older than us," declared Drake.  "Name's Matthew or something.  I remember hearing he was quite keen to catch you though; big bounty on your head."
"Yes, there is, and he is called The Preacher now.  Joshua was his father."
"How old are you?" asked Drake.  
Tarak choked on his drink.  "Drake!" he exclaimed.  "You can't ask that?"
Crystal chuckled slightly.  "I don't mind, Tarak," she said.  "Drake, in answer to your question, I am in my early sixties.  Sixty two, to be precise.  I do not appear to age as quickly as humans do.  Or, at least, I do not give the appearance of ageing.  I do not know if I really am."
"Holy shit!" exclaimed Drake.
Tarak was staring at her, his expression unreadable.  “What?” she asked him, as direct as ever.
“How long ago did this place burn down?” asked Tarak.
"Approximately forty five years ago," replied Crystal.  "Why do you ask?"
"So you've been riding around, alone, for forty five years?"
Crystal stood suddenly.  "Alone generally works out best for everyone," she declared as she turned and walked away from the campfire's light.
"What about family?" said Drake, peering after her into the night.
There was silence, then a voice floated back to them, barely audible.  “Another time.  And whatever you do, whatever you hear, don’t come looking for me tonight.”  It was a warning she had made the two previous times she'd disappeared into the night but now it sounded like she meant it more than ever.
 
She let the darkness envelop her, wrapping it around herself like a cloak, and sat on the ground just inside the entrance to the ruined sanctuary.  Back at the campsite, she could see Tarak and Drake peering into the night after her, but their eyes were no match for hers and were easily defeated by the darkness.
There was a sense of familiarity being back here, but also a feeling of loss, almost bereavement.  It hadn’t been so bad when she left all those years ago.  She had been running for her life and hadn’t waited around to see the end results of the fire.  But now there was nothing to run from, that she knew of anyway, nothing to do but wander down lonely, scarred corridors and through empty rooms.  Sadness pervaded the atmosphere, betrayal at being abandoned and neglected for so long.
Crystal sighed.  She hadn’t felt like this since her parents died all those years ago.  She would have cried if she’d been able to.
She leaned back against the wall and switched her gaze to the stars wheeling overhead in the clear night sky.  Tonight she would have to sleep; it had been six days since she had last slept and she could feel tiredness creeping through her limbs.  The nightmares would be bad tonight, she could tell.
 
There was a steady rain falling the next day as they covered the last few miles, down out of the mountains, to the small town of Martinsdale.  Drake and Tarak rode together in companionable silence, shoulders hunched against the rain that streamed off them.  Ahead of them, through the falling curtains of water, they could make out the figure of Crystal.  She rode as she always did, ignorant or uncaring about the vagaries of the weather, lost in her recollections of the past (though part of her sharp, crystalline mind was, as ever, paying very close attention to the world around her).
There was an air of melancholy about the unlikely trio, and it wasn’t just because of the rain.
Tarak was thinking about the previous night, and he knew Drake was as well.  They had lain awake, listening to the sounds of anguished keening and the howls of distress that echoed around the small valley where the sanctuary's ruins stood.  It wasn't the first time they had heard them but there had been an edge to it, an edge that had been firmly established by the gunshot that had narrowly missed Tarak when he had finally decided to go and check on Crystal in spite of her warning.  He had left her well alone after that. 
They had been worried about their travelling companion, but when Crystal reappeared the next morning she was the same as normal, at least, she was as close to normal as she ever got.  Her face was an impassive mask that gave nothing away and her sunglasses were firmly in place.
He and Drake had looked at one another, each hoping the other would ask about the sounds they’d heard.  But neither did, and each half-heartedly called the other a coward for shying away from the question.  The truth was that they both knew that Crystal wouldn’t tell them, at least not yet.
He jumped as Drake slapped him on the arm, and looked questioningly at his friend.  “What?” he asked tersely.  “Sorry, it’s just…”  He stopped as he noticed Drake grinning at him, rain running down his face and dripping from his nose and chin.  He should have known Drake wouldn’t take offence.
“Don’t worry about it, man,” said the shorter man, with a broad smile.  “I just thought, since you seemed to be off in a world of your own, I’d better point out that our mystery guest has stopped on the trail and is waiting for us to catch up.”  Sure enough, Crystal was becoming more visible as the two men slowly made their way towards her.
As they drew alongside, she turned her head so she was facing them.  She’d learned long ago that people felt a lot more comfortable talking to her if they could look her directly in the face (as long as they couldn’t actually see her eyes), even if it made no difference to her.  In the pouring rain, the sunglasses on her face looked very incongruous.
“I had better stay here,” she stated flatly.  “I’ll stand out too much in a town this far outside of the badlands.”
“More than Tarak does?” asked Drake, smiling the same easy smile that was almost always on his lips.  “There’ll be warm, comfy beds, hot food and whiskey by the barrel.”
The faintest ghost of a smile passed briefly over Crystal’s thin lips.  “Thanks, but it’s not worth the risk.  I’ll be waiting here for you.  Try not to take too long – I think my horse will catch cold if he has to stay out in the rain much longer.”
Tarak grimaced.  “We’ll try, but these situations can get a little tricky – last minute changes of heart, sudden reluctance to part with money, that kind of thing.  There’s a small wooded valley about quarter of a mile east of here – shelter in there and we’ll be as quick as we can.”  He sketched a wave at her and set off.  Drake bowed low over the pommel of his saddle, grinned widely, and set off after his friend.
Crystal’s horse whinnied and shook its head, wondering why it wasn’t following the others.  Crystal patted its neck, and directed it to the east, and the valley Tarak had mentioned.
The valley was less than quarter of a mile long, and only forty feet across at its widest point, but it had a thick covering of trees, which protected Crystal and her horse from most of the rain, and a lush carpet of grass.  Once Crystal dismounted, the horse wasted little time in starting to eat, pausing only briefly to take a long drink from the babbling brook that wound between and over the slabs of grey rock which made up the valley floor.
Though the rain didn’t bother her over much – she could barely feel it on her skin – she had to admit it was a relief to be out of it.  She perched on a mossy boulder, which had probably stood there for hundreds, even thousands of years, and chewed on a piece of beef jerky, grateful once more that she had no real sense of taste.
Now all she had to do was wait.

~~~~


Chapter 12

Drake and Tarak rode towards the outskirts of Martinsdale at an easy trot, splashing through the puddles on the rutted track.
"You know," said Drake, "every time I've been in this part of the world it's rained.  I don't know how they stand it."
Tarak shrugged.  "Guess it keeps the crops growing.  Certainly plenty of greenery around here."
"Yeah, guess so," said Drake without much enthusiasm.  They were approaching the first of the small houses on the edge of the town now.  Unlike most of the places they went to in or around the badlands, Martinsdale didn't need high defensive walls and manned guard towers; here, far from the threats posed by bandits and roving demons, they had given the space over to large, pleasant gardens and fields.  It was, thought Drake, a nice place.  If you could ignore the large Solanist church that dominated the centre of the town, its needle-shaped spire looming threateningly out of the rain.  "Remind me about the demon we're picking up this time," he said to Tarak.
"Well, her name's Abby Darnell.  Pretty much human apart from some snake-like characteristics."
"What?  Like a tail with a rattle on it?"
"I don't know, the father didn't say.  Though, in all fairness, he was badly concussed."
"Oh yeah, I'd forgotten that.  Carl, wasn't it?"
"Aye, that's him.  And it's 'mutants' now, not 'demons'," declared Tarak.
"What?"  Drake suddenly felt like he'd stumbled into an entirely different conversation.
"Remember what Crystal said; they're not demons, they're genetic mutations, or something."
"Oh.  Right."  Drake nodded, frowning.
They rode in silence for a couple of minutes.  Tarak waved good-naturedly to someone riding past; they ignored him completely.
"So," said Drake eventually, "do you know what those words mean?"
"Oh no, not the faintest idea," answered Tarak.  "I did think about asking her but I was afraid she might try to explain."
"Probably a wise choice.  Do you think everything else she said was true?  All that stuff about 'spaceships' and people living on other worlds?"
Tarak shrugged once more.  "I dunno, man.  It sounds far fetched but, you know, it's Crystal.  She doesn't strike me as the kind of person who tells fairy tales."
"A good point.  Do you know where we're going?"  They had stopped at a small junction of four roads.  One of the roads, the one leading off to the centre of town, was cobbled, the rest were a morass of churned up mud.  In the middle of the junction was a signpost, leaning slightly to one side, with street names on it.
"Er, yeah, hang on a sec."  Tarak took to rustling around in his saddlebags.  "I know I put the directions here somewhere...here we go.  Oh."
"Oh?" enquired Drake, his eyebrows raised.
"The water's got in.  The paper's a bit mushy."
Drake closed his eyes and sighed heavily.  "I can't tell you how sad I am that Crystal's stuck outside of town and can't see our professionalism and competence on display here."
"There's no need to be sarcastic," responded Tarak, a touch defensively.  "I've got the street name - Cambridge Street."
"Excellent.  Do we have a house number?"
"Er...not so much."
"So...what, we go door to door and ask if they happen to have a girl living there with 'snake-like characteristics?"
Tarak glared at his friend.  "You're not really helping here, you know that, right?"
"Sorry.  Look, it'll be easy to find.  We'll go door to door offering to sell lucky charms or something.  They'll probably recognise us, we're not exactly blending in here.  And we know the guy's name; we can just ask if anyone knows Carl Darnell."
"Yeah, you're right.  Okay then...now, where's Cambridge Street?"

After a number of wrong turns and Drake finally managing to get a reply from one of the few people who were hurrying by, eager to be out of the rain, they found themselves on Cambridge Street.  Like many of the other streets, this one was a river of dark-brown mud that sucked at their horses' hooves.  At the entrance to the street, there was a small pile of cobbles waiting to be put down; a few had been laid but it appeared that whoever was laying them had given up in the downpour.
"So," said Tarak, hunching deeper into his coat; it seemed like the rain was, if anything, getting heavier, "where should we start?"
"First house I guess.  You hang back and I'll ask if they know the Darnells."  Drake dismounted from his horse, cursing as he sank ankle deep into the sludge.  "Dammit, I thought people lived in towns to get away from mud.  They need to finish the cobbling."
He walked up to the nearest house and rapped smartly on the bright red door.  Removing his hat, he had his best, most charming smile plastered across his face as the door opened.
"Good day, madam," he said smoothly as an elderly woman peered suspiciously through the gap.
"What?" she demanded, her eyes narrowing.
"I'm terribly sorry to bother you, I was just searching for an old friend of mine, Carl Darnell, but I can't for the life of me remember which number he lived at.  I was wondering if you could direct me to the correct house."  All through his speech, the smile never wavered.
"Number twenty two," the woman snapped, then slammed the door on him.
"Thank you, ma'am," muttered Drake.  He stared at the closed door for a moment, still smiling, then he turned away and walked back to Tarak.  "Very friendly people they've got here," he said, taking the reins of his horse from Tarak.  "Very helpful."
"I saw.  She was eating out of the palm of your hand.  Did you get the number?
"I certainly did.  Number twenty two."  Drake started walking down the street, leading his horse.  "Come on.  You never know, they might even let us inside and give us hot drinks."
"Hope springs eternal," responded Tarak as he followed Drake.

The welcome, when Alice Darnell pulled open the door to see Drake and Tarak smiling at her, was not all they had hoped for.  "Oh my!" she exclaimed, then slammed the door in their faces before they could say anything.
"Well this is going well," muttered Drake.  "Was that his wife, do you think?"
Tarak shrugged.  "He described her as being tall and she certainly was."
"I had hoped for coffee," sighed Drake, "but I'd have settled for just being out of the rain.  Should I knock again?"
"Beats standing out here," replied Tarak, but before Drake could raise his fist to knock a second time the door swung open again.  This time it was Carl who answered.  Looking nervously up and down the street, and paling slightly as he saw the two horses hitched to the fence of his front garden he beckoned them inside.
"Have we come at a bad time?" asked Tarak as he ducked through the doorway.  Once inside he found he almost totally blocked the narrow hallway.  
"Nosy neighbours," replied Carl.  "An ever present hazard in a place like this, I'm afraid.  I'm so glad you've come, not a moment too soon as well."
Tarak's heart sank; that kind of comment inevitably meant that events were not going to play out in the nice, simple, straightforward way that he hoped.  "Why do you say that?" he asked.
"Things have become tense around here; rumours swirling around about demons, preachers on the streets doing house to house searches."
"Do they know about your daughter?" asked Drake.
"We don't know," answered Alice as she came down the stair dragging a heavy looking bag behind her.  "We've sent her away to stay with my aunt and uncle about three weeks ago.  They live in a small village north of here, up in the mountains."
"Why did you not go with her?"  Tarak was eyeing the bag nervously; it looked at least three times bigger than anything they would be able to carry on the road.
"We wanted to be here if you arrived."  Carl answered this time.  "And to try and avoid arousing suspicion."
"So can we go?" asked Alice, reaching for a coat hanging on a wall hook.  "We've got two horses at the stables on the edge of town."
Drake and Tarak looked at one another, then looked at Alice who was dressed in a patterned blue dress that was totally unsuitable for riding.  "Let's not rush, eh?" said Drake in his smoothest, most soothing voice.  "The preachers aren't exactly hammering down the door and, well, we need to discuss your travel arrangements."  He looked pointedly at the bag.  "Let's take it slow and easy, make sure we've not overlooked anything, and then we can leave in a quiet, ordered manner so we don't draw any attention to ourselves.  Now, how about a cup of coffee?"

Crystal watched the centipede snaking its way through the moss on the boulder, marvelling at the way the multitude of legs moved in perfect synchronicity and the segmented body curled around the leaves and debris.  It navigated around a drop of water as big as it was and vanished into the moss.
Above her, the rain was still drumming on the canopy of leaves, the sound mingling with the burbling of the stream that ran just below the boulder where she was perched.  She could see several small fish swimming in the current, darting back and forth between the underwater weeds.
Behind her, her horse was contentedly chewing on some grass, grateful to be in the shelter of the trees and out of the incessant rain.
Crystal frowned; she could hear something else now, a counterpoint to the rhythm of the rain.  Hoofbeats.  At least three horses approaching fast.
Seconds later, she watched three riders gallop past.  With their hats pulled down and collars turned up to defend against the weather, the three riders didn't notice the figure perched atop the boulder, watching them and blending almost seamlessly into the shadows.
Crystal was sure they were Solanists but it might just be a coincidence that they were riding so hard for Martinsdale on the same day that she and her two companions also happened to be there.
She turned and leapt off the boulder, her boots landing on the turf with a thud.  Her horse looked up at the sudden sound and snorted with disappointment when it saw Crystal striding towards it.
"You've rested long enough," she said, pulling herself easily into the saddle.  She kicked her heels into its sides and set off after the three riders.

Matthew dismounted from his exhausted horse and handed the reins over to the stable hand.  They had ridden hard for the last three days, almost flogging their horses to death, just to try and catch up to Crystal and the two guns for hire that they knew were heading to Martinsdale.  It felt like every single piece of clothing he wore was soaked through; it was clinging and chafing in a way that he swore it never had back in the old days.
His two companions had raced inside the Solanist motherhouse to pass on the news; Matthew was just glad to be inside.  He wondered if he'd have time to change into some dry clothing before they set out again.  He sighed; his eagerness for the chase had ebbed away once more.  At least the saddle-soreness had finally faded.
He could hear shouting from within the motherhouse, the sounds of people mustering.  Here we go again, he muttered under his breath.  At least they had a definite target this time; they'd been able to discover the name of the man who had hired the two mercenaries, Drake and Tarak.  Unexpectedly, he found himself feeling a twinge of pity for this Carl Darnell.  He and his family were about to find themselves at the mercy of a great many eager, zealous preachers.

"This is excellent coffee," said Drake as he reached for another biscuit.  "Been a long time since I had coffee this good."
Tarak nodded his agreement, his mouth too full to speak.  In his massive hands, the delicate china coffee cups looked like something from a child's tea set.
They were sitting in the Darnell's neat front room, the two travel-stained men a stark contrast to the clean, tidy furniture and ornaments.  The seat Tarak was sitting on was creaking alarmingly every time he shifted his weight.  Carl and Alice were both perched nervously on the edges of their seats.  The coffee Alice held was untouched going cold.
"I'm glad you like it," she said tersely.  Her patience was clearly starting to wear thin.
"You're going to have to lighten that bag, you know," said Tarak after he finally finished off the biscuit he had been eating.  "It weighs almost as much as you do!"
"If a horse can carry you then it can carry my bag," she replied, making Drake choke on his coffee.
"She has a point," he spluttered.
"I have a very big horse," Tarak responded.  "I doubt the ones you have will be able to carry as much."  He held up a giant hand to forestall Alice's protestations.  "Now, maybe if there's somewhere nearby where we can get a cart or if there might be one in this village where you've sent your daughter, then we can carry more.  But if all we've got are horses then you're going to have to lighten the load a bit."
Before Alice could reply there was a knock at the door.  Everyone froze, then Drake stood up peered out through the net curtain.
"Uh oh," he muttered.  "Think you might need to abandon your bag, Alice; there are three Solanist preachers out there.  This is going to get ugly."
"What do we do?" gasped Alice.  She leapt out of her seat and spilled her coffee all over the floor.
"Stay calm," said Drake, "and answer the door."
The preachers knocked again.
Alice went to the door, wiping suddenly clammy hands on the front of her dress.  "What do I say?" she hissed.
"I don't know," replied Drake, as he took up position behind the door.  He had a pistol in his hand.  "Just see what they want."
Taking a deep breath, Alice unlocked the door and pulled it open about halfway, trying to keep the expression on her face completely neutral.
"Hello," she said, feeling relieved when her voice didn't quaver.  "How can I help you?"  In front of her, four Solanists were standing in front of her.  Three of them were staring at her, their eyes cold and hard.  The fourth one was shorter than the others and was obscured behind them.  Wait, she thought, didn't Drake say there were three of them, not four?
The preacher who had been knocking stepped closer, glaring at her.  "Why do you have two horses in your front yard, horses clearly provisioned for travelling?"
"Myself and my husband are going to visit my aunt, we were going to set off soon but we were hoping the rain might ease off."
"I would like to meet your husband, he must be a particularly big man given the size of his horse."
"It's not really convenient at the minute," said Alice.  She could feel sweat breaking out on her brow.  To her right, Drake carefully and quietly cocked his pistol.
"That's not my concern."  The preacher stepped forward again, jamming the door with his foot as Alice tried to close it.
"It's mine though," said Drake, stepping around the door and aiming his pistol between the preacher's eyes.
The preacher sneered.  "If you pull the trigger there'll be a hundred preachers here in minutes, then what will you do?  Assuming my two friends here don't kill you first."
Drake grinned nastily.  "What friends?" he asked.
Alice didn't understand what the preacher was saying, there were clearly three people standing behind him.  Then, in a smooth, deadly motion, the shorter one standing at the back reached round the man in front, a knife in their hand, and slit his throat.
Alice gasped in horror as blood fountained out, covering the two preachers closest to her, but even before the red curtain had fallen to the ground, the shorter figure moved with astonishing speed and slammed the point of their knife through the right eye of the other man before he had a chance to draw his pistol.  The two people stood like that for a second, one holding the other up with the knife jammed into his skull, then they yanked it out with a wet, squelching sound and let the dead preacher slump down.
"Oh Sol," coughed Alice.  She turned away, dropping to her knees and vomiting.
"Could you have made more of a mess?" asked Drake.
"I'm sorry," mumbled Alice, wiping her mouth with the back of her hand.
"What?  Oh no, not you, I was talking to her."
Crystal pushed past the now terrified preacher.  "It was the quickest way," she replied.  She looked down at the woman kneeling, shaking on the floor.  "You must be Alice, it's a pleasure to meet you."
Alice turned away and threw up again.
"We need to go," said Crystal.  "I saw a group of preachers riding hard into town - not these three - I think they were looking for us."
"Crap," muttered Drake.  "We'd better get the bodies inside.  Tarak!"
The big man stepped out of the living room where he had been hiding with Carl.  "Why do I always have to do the dirty work?" he grumbled.
"You're not going to make it out of town," sneered the preacher.  For all his brave words, though, he was looking noticeably nervous, his eyes fixed on Crystal.
"What do we do with him?" asked Drake.
Tarak punched the man in the face as he squeezed past to get the bodies.  The preacher crashed back into the wall with a sickening crunch, smashing a picture frame and slumping, unconscious to the floor.
"Okay then," said Drake, holstering his pistol.  "Guess it beats killing him.  Carl, go and get your horses from the stables.  Alice, get changed, take what you absolutely cannot live without out of the bag.  Is there anything in the house that might tell the preachers where we're heading?"
Alice got unsteadily to her feet with some help from Carl; she was trying to avoid looking at the bodies that Tarak was carrying in.  "Uh, what?" she mumbled, clearly in shock at the sudden violence.
"Alice," said Drake, gently but firmly grabbing Alice by her upper arms.  "I know it comes as a shock but you need to get it together.  And I hate to break it to you, but this is probably not going to be the last death you witness.  This is a violent world we're going into.  Me and Tarak, this is what we do and it involves killing.  That's Crystal Eyes, the one from the stories, she's no stranger to death either.  You're going to get used to it too.  I'm sorry for that but that's the way it's going to be.  Can you handle that?"
There were tears in Alice's eyes but she nodded.
"You're going to be fine, trust me."  Drake smiled at her, the best smile he had.  She seemed to be calming down, the shivering had stopped.
She looked at Crystal, who was standing impassively to one side, inscrutable behind her sunglasses.  "You're Crystal Eyes?" she asked.  Crystal nodded.  "You don't look like you do in the pictures."
Crystal gave a short bark of laughter.  "I have seen some of those pictures.  I can only conclude they were drawn by men who don't actually get to meet many real women."
With Crystal looking on, Alice quickly and ruthlessly emptied out her bag, leaving only what she judged the most essential of things.  She had also changed into a pair of rough, hard-wearing brown trousers and a white linen shirt.
Within a few minutes they were ready to set off, leaving the insensible preacher bound and gagged in a wardrobe upstairs.
"Right, we're ready.  Say your goodbyes, you won't see this place again," declared Drake.
Alice looked around the house that had been her family's home for the last seventeen years.  All the pictures and ornaments she had collected, the wallpaper she had agonised over for a solid week, the joys and heartaches of having Abby.  But for Abby's sake she would put it all behind her for an uncertain future, putting her life, and her family's life, in the hands of these rough, brutal men and an enigmatic demon-woman.  It was not the life she had envisioned when she moved to the town to be with her new husband almost two decades ago.
“It’ll be alright, love,” said Carl, putting his arms around her shoulders and hugging her tight.  His voice was thick with emotion.
“It’s just…”  She waved her hand vaguely at the room then buried her face in Carl’s chest, sobbing.
“I know, I know,” murmured Carl into her ear.  “But it’s worth it.  So we can be a proper family, with Abby; it’s all worth it.”
Tarak cleared his throat; it was like a rumble of distant thunder.  "I'm sorry, but we really should go."
Alice pulled away from Carl and sniffed loudly.  "I know," she said.  With a deep breath, she squared her shoulders.  "Okay.  Let's go and get Abby."

Drake and Crystal were standing outside, waiting with the five horses, and mounted quickly as the others appeared.  Alice was the last one out, turning to lock the door behind her.  Then she turned and glared at the four who were waiting, as if daring them to say anything.  No one did.
Without another word, she took the reins of the brown mare from Crystal, who had been holding them, and mounted.  She could feel eyes burning into the back of her neck and fancied she could see net curtains twitching in all the surrounding houses.  Well let them look, she thought, small minded prigs.
Then, just as she kicked the horse into a walk, Corin emerged from his house.  For a moment he was too busy grumbling about the state of the road, and searching vainly for some sign of anyone laying the cobbles, to notice the five riders going past.  With a visible start he suddenly became aware of them, taking a step back as four pairs of eyes bored into him (the fifth, wearing sunglasses, seemed to be ignoring him).
"Alice!" he exclaimed as he recognised the rider closest to him.  "What in the name of Sol is going on?"
Alice, feeling a sudden thrill of freedom, slowed her horse as she drew level with him.  "Corin, you are an insufferable, pompous ass," she declared, taking a certain amount of malevolent satisfaction at the affronted look that wobbled its way across his jowly face.  "I...we...are leaving.  Careful of the mud."  She kicked the horse into a canter, its hooves splashing mud over the furious, speechless man.
Speeding up to keep pace with Alice, Tarak turned to Drake and grinned broadly.  "I like her!" he said.  "She's got style!"
They quickly reached the outskirts of town and headed north, leaving the muddy streets of Martinsdale behind.
"That round man you insulted," said Tarak, addressing Alice as they galloped north.  Wide eyes fixed straight ahead in concentration, not as confident or experienced on a horse as the others, she nodded.  "Does he know where your relatives live?"
"Yes," she answered.  "Well, I told him once but he was so busy talking about his own wonderful relatives that I'm not sure he noticed."
"We'd better assume that he knows, and that he'll tell the preachers if they come calling," said Drake.  "Speaking of our destination, where is it, I never thought to ask."
"A small village in the hills, about four days ride away," replied Alice.  "It's called Hope."

Of course it was Hope, thought Crystal with a grim smile.  Images filled her mind again, images of fire and blood.  Of course, she mused, that was true of pretty much everywhere she went, but Hope was different.  Her memories of Hope were tinged with loss and sadness.  Nowhere else she'd been would ever bring forth the same welter of emotions that Hope did.

Matthew waited, frustration rising, as the various pompous morons and idiots who seemed to make up the Solanist council in Martinsdale argued over the best way to approach the situation and who should lead the operation (or who should get the glory, thought Matthew with no small amount of contempt).  It had started promisingly enough; people ran around, preachers armed themselves and checked their equipment, momentum built up...and then came to a crashing halt as the bureaucrats had got wind that a chance to raise their profile might well be approaching.  The result?  Instead of a determined assault on the house where these mercenaries (and, perhaps, Crystal Eyes) would be, they ended up in never ending arguments as the feckless buffoons tried to plan how they could be seen to be in charge without actually doing anything so foolish as put themselves in Crystal's line of fire.
Matthew found himself wishing that one of them would take upon themselves to go up to the Darnell's front door just so he could watch Crystal put a bullet between their eyes.  Evil demon sent forth from Hell she might well be but he reckoned he'd probably cheer her for doing that.  It was a bad sign of the times when he was sympathising more with the demon he was hunting than those who would be hunting with him.
Bureaucrats!  Apart from the increasing hardships of life on the trail, it had been the ever increasing amount of bureaucracy he'd been dealing with that had made him walk away from it all.  He'd become a figurehead, much like his father, so he found himself being invited to many large banquets with these vainglorious idiots.  He sighed heavily; he really missed his wife.

It took another half hour of wrangling before they were finally ready to go.  The council members had eventually compromised on an order of precedence; councillor Jameson, a pale, skinny man with a gift for flowery rhetoric, would be the lead member of the council.  Obviously, by "lead", they meant they would be standing a long way behind the preachers who were actually going into the building.
Their approach, much to Matthew's despair, was not subtle.  Forty or so preachers walking  along Martinsdale's narrow streets drew a lot of attention and created a lot of noise.  Matthew supposed there was always a chance that Crystal and the two mercenaries wouldn't hear them coming, assuming they had all gone deaf.  He walked alongside councillor Jameson at the head of the column; once they'd discovered that "the Preacher" was there he had been given a place of honour, despite his protestations.  He looked at the man next to him, in his new-looking leather coat and shiny boots, boots that he was trying to avoid getting dirty by almost tip-toeing through the mud.  He suspected the man had never fired the gleaming gun sitting on his hip at a practice target, never mind in anger.  Matthew had an almost overpowering urge to punch him.
They congregated at the top of Cambridge Street and...stopped, while they tried to decide on the best approach.
Matthew caught the eye of the Carlos and Johns, who each looked as annoyed and frustrated as he.  
Oh to hell with this, he thought, coming to a decision.  He stepped back from the group of arguing councillors and preachers and started striding down the street.  Carlos and Johns fell into step alongside him.  Behind, he could hear shouts of consternation.  He ignored them.
"Now I remember why I retired," growled Matthew.  "Assholes like them."  One of his two companions chuckled, he didn't see which.
They stopped outside the Darnell's house.  Even with the constant downpour, Matthew could see the blood on the wall and the path.  The windows, blanked out with net curtains, suddenly looked a lot more threatening.  He drew his pistol and ran quickly to the wall next to the door, Carlos and Johns right behind him.
"What in Sol's name are you doing?" shouted Jameson, standing in the middle of the street with his hands on his hips.
"Can I shoot him?" muttered Johns.
Matthew smiled.  "I think that might upset people.  If we're lucky, maybe Crystal Eyes will do it for you."
"Hope springs eternal," said Carlos.  He moved in front of the door, waited for a nod from Matthew and Johns, kicked the door open with a bang and then flung himself to the side whilst the other two covered the entrance with their pistols.  Nothing happened.
After a few seconds of waiting, Matthew stepped carefully through the dark opening and into the hallway, ready for any movement.  There was only silence, and two dead preachers on the carpeted floor.  Matthew knelt down and, with his free hand, felt the skin of the corpses.  It was cold and clammy to the touch.
"Well, they were here," he said, "but it's been at least a few hours since they left."
There was a thump from upstairs, making the three preachers flatten themselves against the wall and point their pistols up the staircase.
Johns took the lead, taking each step carefully and as quietly as he could.  Only the faintest of creaks betrayed his progress.  Behind him, Matthew followed with Carlos taking the rear, covering their backs from anyone attacking from the lower floor.
They reached the top landing, brushing past a large bunch of dried flowers in a big, red, porcelain jug.  The thump repeated, coming from the first room on the landing.
The three preachers followed the same pattern as they had at the front door, with Carlos kicking open the door whilst the other two covered him.  The room was dominated by long, neatly made double bed.  Smooth, white linen covers were carefully tucked in.  There was a simple but well made dressing table with various cosmetics on it, and a big wardrobe of dark, varnished wood.  There was a chair wedged under the door handle and a muffled groaning coming from within.
With another thump, the door opened fractionally before it jammed on the chair.
Carlos stepped forward and grasped the bottom of the chair; Matthew and Johns stepped to either side and aimed their guns at the wardrobe.  With a firm yank, Carlos pulled the chair away and stepped back.  The door flew open and a man tumbled out to lie on the polished wooden floor.  His hands and feet were bound together behind his back and he had been thoroughly gagged; a bright purple bruise was visible on his cheek.  He was also, clearly, a preacher.
Matthew holstered his gun and bent down to remove the gag.  "How long since they left?" he demanded, over the bound man's murmured thanks to Sol.
"I...I don't know.  They knocked me out," the man replied in a hoarse voice.
"Do you know where they were going?"
"Er...I...no."
Matthew sighed and turned away to see Jameson peering into the room.
"They're long gone," declared Matthew.  "Enjoy your triumph."
He stomped down the stairs, brusquely shouldering his way past the line of curious preachers who were trying to see what was happening.  Striding out into the street, he took a deep breath and looked up at the sky.  The rain was finally easing off and was now little more than a drizzle.  The grey sky above was cracking, allowing shafts of sunlight to sneak through.  Over to the east, a faint rainbow hung in the air.
Gazing up at the sky, Matthew wondered if this was the right thing to do.  Was this what you wanted of me, Lord Sol? he wondered.  If I am to kill this demon creature, why must it be so hard?  There was no answer from the sky above, nor had he really been expecting one.  It had been a long time since he had last felt like his god was speaking to him.
"Finally!  The rain is stopping," someone said behind him, their pompous, self-important sounding voice shattering his reverie.  He turned around to see a rotund man, with a jowly face that was pale but for an unhealthy pink glow on his cheeks.
"Perhaps they will finally finish cobbling the road now," the man continued.  He looked down his nose at Matthew.  "Are you with the council, sir?"
"I'm afraid not, sir."  Matthew thought for a moment and smiled as an evil idea occurred to him.  "Councillor Jameson is inside though - he should be out in a minute and I'm sure he'll be only too glad to talk to you."
"Oh marvellous, thank you," said the man; Matthew nodded his acknowledgement.  "Is this about the horses that were cluttering up the street earlier?"
"Horses?" asked Matthew, trying not to sound too eager.  Thank you, Sol, he whispered in his head.
"Oh yes, five of them.  It was all very strange.  Those Darnells always were a bit on the strange side though, if you ask me."
Privately, Matthew suspected that no one ever did ask this man anything and that this would do little to prevent him giving his opinion at every opportunity.  Out loud, he said: "How long ago was this, sir?  And did you happen to see which way they were going?"
"Oh, let's see.  It was this morning so I'd guess it would have been about four or five hours ago.  My name is Corin, by the way."
Matthew smiled with gritted teeth.  "Thank you, Corin."  Four hours?  That was when the arguments in the motherhouse had only just started.  If they'd just ridden straight out, dammit!  "And did you happen to note which way they went?"
Corin frowned.  "Well, they seemed to be heading towards the north road, I think."  He suddenly brightened, his deep set eyes twinkling.  "Probably going to visit Alice's family - they live somewhere up that way.  She told me about them once.  Live in a village called, oh what was it, Faith or something."
Well of course.  "Was it, by any chance, Hope?" asked Matthew.
"Ah yes, that was it, Hope.  Never been there myself but it sounded charmi...where are you going?"
Matthew strode back into the house, almost colliding with Johns who was on his way out.
"Johns, grab Carlos and any of these preachers who isn't a total idiot, if there are any, and follow me back to the motherhouse.  We know where they're going but they've got a five hour head start."
Johns nodded and vanished back inside, pushing past councillor Jameson, who huffed indignantly.
"Councillor," said Matthew, laying on as much charm as he could muster.  "There's a fine, upstanding member of the community outside who is proving to be of invaluable help.  He would be thrilled to meet you!"  Matthew put a supportive arm around Jameson's shoulders and guided him towards Corin, who was standing in the street, glaring at the still-abandoned cobbles as if he could persuade them to be laid by sheer force of will.
"Friend Corin!" called Matthew, smiling broadly.  He felt Jameson stiffen at the name; he knew the man.  Good.  It would serve the old fool right.  "I have councillor Jameson here, he's very eager to hear what you have to say."

~~~~


Chapter 13

Crystal stood atop a boulder, looking back down the trail up which they had ridden.  It was tight and twisty, curling around small hills, streams and pools of water up the steep slopes of the mountain range's foothills, some two days' ride out of Martinsdale.  She half expected to see a posse of preachers galloping up the path but all she could see was a small flock of wild sheep grazing alongside it.  Behind her, a little further along the path, her four travelling companions were setting up a camp; a fire was already burning merrily away, a pot hanging above it was beginning to steam.
Alice and Carl hadn't wanted to stop, chafing at anything that delayed their reunion with their daughter, Abby.  The horses needed a rest though; the path was steep and uneven in places, making it hard, tiring going. 
Crystal had to admit, she was quite glad of the stop as well.  Not just because it had been a few days since she last slept, but also, she was forced to admit, because she was nervous about returning to Hope.  She had not been back since her childhood and the memory of it, the last sight of the burned, smouldering building, squatted in her mind like an unwelcome lodger.  It dominated all the memories of her childhood, obscuring earlier, happier times.  In a way, that was one of the things she resented most about the things the Solanists had done to her.  Every time she thought of her old home life, playing with her siblings or cooking with her mother, she could see flames licking at the edges of the image, could smell burning.  She couldn't actually remember if she'd been able to smell things before, one of the few things she'd forgotten in her long life, but ever since then everything seemed to have been imbued with the scent of ash and burned wood.
She wondered if, perhaps, she could lay some of those old ghosts to rest going back to Hope.  She doubted it, those feelings had been festering for over half a century.
Dropping down from the boulder she made her way to the camp.  There was a headache starting in the back of her head, a sure sign that she needed to sleep tonight but she would sit with the others for awhile before she disappeared into the gloom.
She arrived next to the campsite as Drake was pouring out some stew into tin bowls.  He handed her one as she sat down, not breaking the flow of the story he was telling.
"...and then I see the guy we're after running down the street, totally naked.  I'm just about to give chase when I see Tarak go past, but he's riding on this little girl's bike.  It was pink and it had bells on it so, there he was, pedalling furiously on this tiny little bike, jingling as he went, down a busy main street in pursuit of a naked man.  I swear, I could see the wheels buckling as he went past."
Alice and Carl were cuddled up together, laughing; Tarak was sitting on the far side of the fire, hiding his face in his hands.
"I caught him didn't I?" said Tarak, looking up and taking a bowl of stew from Drake.
"You did," replied Drake.  "I have to give you that, you did catch him.  People still talk about it in that town."
They sat in silence, eating the stew.
"Are you okay, Crystal?" asked Alice after awhile.  Everyone turned to look at the pale gunfighter.
"I'm fine, Alice.  Why do you ask?" answered Crystal.
"It's just you were rubbing your forehead.  You looked like you were in pain."
Crystal smiled faintly.  "I'm just tired.  I get a headache when I need to sleep; my body's way of telling me it's time to rest, I suppose."
"You going to sleep tonight?" asked Tarak.  He looked hopefully at the pot of stew then at Drake, who shook his head in silent denial.
"Yes, I'll have to," replied Crystal.  "Better to get it out of the way now than when we're closer to Hope."  She turned to directly face Carl and Alice.  "You two listen carefully.  I'm going to leave the camp shortly.  Don't come after me, no matter what you hear."
"If you say so, but why?" asked Carl.
"I'm a restless sleeper," said Crystal, "and I don't wake up gently."  She put the empty tin bowl down on the ground and stood up.  "Thank you for the stew.  I'll be back just before dawn."  She turned and walked away from the fire, quickly vanishing from sight.
Carl and Alice looked at Tarak as Drake cleared up the bowls.
Tarak nodded.  "Trust me and do what she says," he said.  And now, try to get some sleep, we have an early start in the morning."

It was still dark, though there was a very faint glow in the eastern sky, when a noise woke Alice; a low, mournful groan out in the night.  She sat bolt upright, ears straining.  Next to her, Carl slept on, oblivious.
All was quiet for a few seconds, the only sound the wind gusting through the peaks and the faint crackle of the damped down fire, then the groan repeated.  It was followed by a plaintive cry, like a small child would make if it was lost.  She remembered what Crystal had said earlier that night, and obviously it had to be her making the sounds, but she was clearly in a lot of distress.  There was another second of silence before a heart-wrenching cry, filled with loss, echoed around the valley.
Warning or not, Alice was determined to go and help so she shrugged off her blanket and went to stand up.
"I really wouldn't," said a soft voice to her left.
With a start, she turned to see Drake looking at her over the glowing embers of the fire.  The pot he'd used to cook the stew the previous night was again steaming away on top of it and she thought she could smell coffee.
"But listen to her!" exclaimed Alice in a harsh whisper.  "There's something wrong."
"Oh, no doubt, but it's not something you can help with," said Drake.  Out in the darkness, the moaning resumed.  "And it's really not safe to go looking to try.  My advice would be to just put your head down and try to ignore it, that's what me and Tarak do.  He's got some ear plugs he uses to block it out on bad nights."
"It can't be that dangerous to find her; she doesn't sound that far away and the ground was pretty even around here," protested Alice.
"I wasn't worried about you twisting your ankle, though that would be unfortunate.  I mean Crystal would be dangerous; she'd probably shoot you."
"Why would she do that?"
Drake shrugged.  "She wouldn't mean to, but whatever happens in those dreams gives her an itchy trigger finger.  It was particularly bad a few nights ago, Tarak, big softy that he is, went to see what was wrong.  He said she was curled up in a ball, shaking terribly, eyes closed as tight as possible like a child trying not to see something.  He went to take a step closer but caught his foot on a rock and fell flat on his face.  Saved his life as the shot she fired went just over his head.  Luckily she doesn't aim quite as well as normal when she's still asleep."
"She shot at him?" gasped Alice.
"Oh yeah."  Drake grinned.  "I ran over and he was lying there with his hands covering his head, Crystal crouched nearby with a smoking gun in her hand.  She says, 'I did warn you'.
'You shot at me!' goes Tarak.  She shrugs.  
'At least I missed.'
'What if you'd hit me?'
There's a long pause, then she goes, 'I'd have felt really bad about it.'"
"Oh god," said Alice, her hand over her mouth.  Then she noticed something.  "She's gone quiet.  Does that mean she's properly asleep now?"
Drake picked up another cup and poured hot, dark liquid into it from the pot.  Wordlessly, eyes fixed on Alice, grinning widely, he held it up to his left.  A thin, pale hand appeared out of the shadows and took it from him.
"Thank you," said Crystal, stepping forward.  She sat on the ground next to Drake, looking across at the astonished Alice.  "Did you sleep well?" she asked.
"Uh, yeah, it wasn't too bad," answered Alice.  "You...is it always like that for you?"
Crystal sipped her coffee then nodded.  "It has been like that for most of the last fifty years.  It gets worse the longer I stay awake."
"But that's terrible!" exclaimed Alice.  "How do you live with all that pain inside, where does it come from?"
"It comes from life."
Alice shook her head sadly.  "I don't know how you cope with it, I would be in tears all the time if I felt like that inside."
"I cannot cry, so that isn't really an issue."
"You can't cry?" said Alice, incredulously.  "Are you afraid it'll ruin your reputation or something?"
Crystal chuckled and leaned towards the faint light of the fire so Alice could see her more clearly.  With a pale finger she pulled the skin of her cheek to widen her eye.  "No," she replied, "I mean it's physically impossible for me to cry, I don't have any tear ducts."
"Oh."  Alice thought for awhile, sipping from her own tin mug of coffee.  "Do your eyes not dry out?"
Saying nothing, Crystal raised her tin mug, and for a moment Alice thought she was making a toast, but then she brought the mug close to her face and tapped it against her eye.
Dink dink dink, it went.
Next to Crystal, Drake recoiled in horror.  "Please don't do that!" he pleaded.
Alice had to admit, it was very disquieting.  "I second that," she said weakly.
Crystal smiled slightly and drained the last of her coffee.  "Sorry," she said, not sounding in the least contrite.  "Get the others up, it's almost light enough to ride."  
Alice looked up.  The sky above was indeed significantly lighter than it had been when she had awoken.  "Where are you going?" she asked as Crystal stepped away from the small camp.
Crystal paused.  "I may be a strange demon woman but I do still have basic human physiology."
"What does that mean?"
"It means I still need to go to the toilet.  Don't worry, I'll try to keep the cries of anguish to a minimum."  She disappeared around the corner.
"She was mocking me there, wasn't she?" Alice asked.
"Yep," replied Drake, grinning his trademark grin.  "She doesn't do it often but she can be a sarcastic bitch when she's in the mood."  He nudged the mountainous lump of blankets that covered Tarak with his foot.  "Come on you great lummox.  Time to rouse yourself and set the world to rights."  There was a muffled, unpleasant sounding string of incoherent curse words.  "Tarak's not really a morning person," said Drake.

Twenty minutes later and they were ready to go, riding briskly up the trail but trying not to tire the horses too badly.
"So what's Hope like?" asked Tarak, still rubbing the sleep out of his eyes.  He yawned widely.
"It's nothing special, just a nice little village full of good, decent people.  Abby will be safe there," replied Alice, who was riding alongside him, wincing at the movement of the horse.  She had become more confident in her ability but it had come at the cost of very sore legs. 
"It gets easier," laughed Tarak, noticing her discomfort.  "I promise.  Are there any Solanists there?"
Alice shook her head.  "Not really.  There's a small chapel there but it's only used once a week.  There're no permanent preachers there, or at least there weren't the last time I visited, and the people don't really care - I think they mainly just go through the motions, for the most part."
"There's a Solanist chapel in Hope?  Whereabouts?"  Crystal twisted in her saddle to look back at them.
"Whereabouts?  Erm, in a pasture at the north end of the village, next to some old ruins.  Why, do you know Hope?"
Crystal smiled grimly, sending a chill through Alice and Tarak's hearts.  "Yes, I've been there before."  She turned back to face forward, ignoring all of Tarak's shouted queries.

Matthew looked at the crowd of preachers that he, Johns and Carlos had managed to assemble.  It was not an inspiring sight; they were breaking camp so slowly that it was making Matthew grind his teeth together.  These were the best they could find in the town of Martinsdale; a place that could, Matthew had concluded, be greatly improved by burning it all to the ground.
At least they had succeeded in divesting themselves of the useless councillors.  The sight of the two dead preachers and the prospect of riding up a hard and, at times, treacherous trail had dampened their enthusiasm.  Matthew was finding it hard to summon up much enthusiasm of his own, if he was being honest.
He, Johns and Carlos were all sitting on their horses, waiting impatiently for the rest to catch up.  "Soft city folk," sneered Carlos.  He hawked up a gob of tobacco and spat it on the ground in disgust.
All of them were avoiding looking into the ravine to the left of the trail.  They had ridden on late into the evening, far later than they should have done, in an attempt to make up ground.  Finally they had been forced to stop when a preacher named Bateaux had got too close to the edge.  In the dark, the horse had lost its footing and sent them both screaming over the edge and down the steep, rocky slope.  It was only after they'd made camp, and it was far too dark to move on any further, that the moaning and pained cries for help had started.  Apparently Bateaux had only lost consciousness and wasn't quite dead yet.  
They had lain there, trying to sleep, as the plaintive cries had grown weaker and weaker, eventually stopping about half an hour before dawn.  The broken bodies of Bateaux and his horse were clearly visible amidst the rocks.
It had not exactly put them all in a positive mood; he had overheard mutterings about ill omens and demon-curses.  Not for the first time, Matthew found himself wishing he was back at home with his wife and his son.
"Do you ever wonder if it's worth it?" he muttered, more to himself than to anyone else.
Johns had heard him though, and laughed incredulously.  "Of course it's worth it; we're cleansing the evil from the world as the lord Sol intends!"
Matthew turned to him, fixing the younger man with hard, weary eyes.  "Give it time, boy, give it time.  If you live long enough, and that's a big if, you might find your priorities change."
"We're doing good here, ain't nothin' finer than that."
Matthew remembered the first time he'd looked into his son's eyes, the first time he saw him smile.  No, there were many things finer than charging around inhospitable places, risking life and limb in pursuit of some malformed creature, whether they were demon or not.  He stayed silent though, letting the conversation die with Johns convinced of the righteousness of his position.  Matthew knew there was no point arguing about it; his younger self wouldn't have listened any more than Johns would.

"Are you going to tell us how you know Hope?" demanded Tarak.  They were sitting around their evening campfire once again, still a few hours ride away from the village where Alice had sent Abby.  All eyes were fixed on the pale, enigmatic figure of Crystal.
She hadn't said a single word in the hours since she had interrupted Tarak and Alice's conversation.
"Come on, Crystal," said Drake, striking a more diplomatic tone than his large friend.  "If there's some kind of history with you and this place that might affect us then we need to know."
For a long time, the only sound was the crackling of the fire.  Finally, Crystal spoke: "Sixty two years ago, I was born in Hope.  I lived there for the next twelve years."
Alice gasped.  "My father was there then, he would have been about ten years older than you.  My uncle too, although he's about your age."
Crystal nodded.  "William and James Mortensen; I remember them."  Images flashed through her mind; William, the older of the two, standing impassively by as the Solanists burned her family alive; James, a boy she had played with as they grew up together, hurling rocks to drive her from the village when she had staggered home following her escape.  There was still a very faint scar on her temple, almost invisible, where one had struck her.
"How did you know who they were?" asked Alice, her eyes wide in shock.
"There's a family resemblance, especially in the nose and eyes."
"You said when we were at that sanctuary place that you went there when you were twelve, after the Solanists had come," said Tarak.
More memories: flames, the sound of screaming, rows of blank-faced people watching her home and family burn.  "They came.  They cleansed the village of its evil taint, and then they left."
"What did the villagers do?" asked Carl.
Crystal turned her head to face him, inscrutable behind her sunglasses.  "They watched, and then went back to their homes."
"No," cried Alice.  "My father would never have just stood there."
"I am afraid he did, Alice.  They all did."
"You're remembering it wrong," declared Alice, angrily.  "They're good people in that village."
"I do not forget, Alice," said Crystal.  She sounded suddenly weary.  "Not ever.  I remember them fondly; I played with your uncle in the fields; your father made me a toy horse for my birthday one year and once carried me on his shoulders so I could get a better view of the spring fête.
"But they were afraid and glad.  Afraid that the preachers would turn on them, glad that it was happening to someone else.  They did not wish for it to happen but they did nothing to prevent it, your father included.
"And now there is a Solanist chapel on my family's land, next to the ruins of my family's home.  Do not count on the village to stand with you, or protect your daughter; they won't."
Crystal stood suddenly and strode out into the darkness without saying another word.  Alice turned and buried her head in Carl's shoulder, tears streaming down her face.  Drake and Tarak looked at one another across the fire; each seeing the same feeling of dread mirrored in the face of the other.

Out in the darkness, Crystal looked over the star lit landscape, fixing the cracks in the walls she had built to hide her emotions away.  There was a familiar, painful pressure behind her eyes, one she had no way of releasing.  She wondered, as she had many times before, what it felt like to cry.

~~~~


Chapter 14

Hope lay in front of them, a collection of simple but well-made wooden houses that looked very peaceful and picturesque in the late morning sun.  Behind it, snow capped peaks reared up into the heavens.  A stiff breeze blew up the valley and white clouds were skudding across the blue sky.
Small fields of golden corn swayed in the wind and there were small corrals holding cattle and horses.  A flock of sheep roamed further up the valley sides, around them the grass waved back and forth like the ocean waves.
None of the five companions paid much attention to the picturesque scene, however.  Their eyes were drawn to the chapel, at the northern end of the village, easily the biggest building and the only structure with stone walls, and the grass covered bumps nearby; incongruous in the otherwise smooth landscape of the meadow.
The other thing that captured their attention was the conical pile of wood, stacked around a  single, central post in the centre of the village; there was no mistaking the fact that they had built a bonfire.
"It might not be for what we're all thinking it's for," said Tarak without much conviction.
No one else commented.
"Where is everyone?" asked Drake, eventually.  They had been watching the village for almost ten minutes and had yet to see a single person.
"Go and talk to Alice's aunt, I'll find you later."  Crystal kicked her heels into her horse's side and started to ride north.
"Where are you going?" asked Drake.
Crystal stopped her horse but did't turn round.  "Where do you think?"  She kicked her heels in again and set off.
Drake and Tarak looked at each other for a moment.  Tarak sighed.  "Okay, I'll go with her, just in case she decides to shoot everyone or something," he said with noticeable reluctance.

Crystal rode slowly around the outskirts of the village, looking at the simple cedar houses that had barely changed in the fifty years since she had last been here.  She could even still make out the dents in the wood of Old Man Fogarty's house that they had used as a goal in the games they'd invented.  He'd been as deaf as a post and utterly oblivious to the balls or rocks that repeatedly bounced off his walls.  The whole village was pretty much as it had been.  The only significant change was the Solanist chapel.  She could feel a rising tide of anger at the thought of it; it was bad enough what they'd done to her home and her family, but to build their chapel on her family's land?  She clamped down on the growing rage; the emotions that normally only came out when she slept were battling for release.
She paused at the edge of the meadow, looking at the chapel and the almost hidden remains of her old home.  
"Are you keeping an eye on me?" she called over her shoulder.
Tarak, who had been trying to maintain a discreet distance behind Crystal, sighed and rode up alongside her.  "I worry about you," he said.
Crystal dismounted and tied her horse to the fence.  She vaulted over the fence into the meadow and walked through the swaying grass towards the ruins.  Tarak hesitated for a moment then followed her.  The fence creaked and wobbled as he clambered over it.
"We used to play hide and seek in the grass," said Crystal.  "At least until the goats had eaten it all."
"Hide and seek?" asked Tarak.  "I'd guess you were quite good at that."
Crystal smiled slightly, remembering summer afternoons spent hiding in amongst the long stalks, maybe avoiding doing chores.  "They made me do it in a blindfold.  I didn't win all the time."
She stepped into the centre of the ruined building.  This had been her parents bedroom, home to the large double bed with the thick mattress that had been her mother's pride and joy.  "I was born in this room," said Crystal.  Her voice was as flat and calm as ever but Tarak could have sworn he heard a faint croak of emotion to it.  "They were very shocked when I opened my eyes, but they still held me, still kissed me on the forehead."
"You can't remember all that, surely," exclaimed Tarak in disbelief.
"I remember everything that has ever happened to me.  Every last thing."  She kicked aside a piece of turf and held up a fragment of charred, rotten wood.  "It would be nice to forget."

Drake, Carl and Alice rode cautiously around the outskirts of the village, heading towards the house that belonged to Alice's aunt and uncle.  There was still no sign of anyone, though they had spotted some horses tied up outside the village hall; a low, wide building made from the same cedar as the houses.
"I am really not liking this quiet," muttered Drake, one hand resting nervously on the pommel of his pistol.  He had an itch between his shoulder blades, like he always did when he had the feeling that things were about to go south.
"I'm sure it's nothing," said Alice, sounding anything but sure.
"Yeah, right," replied Drake, utterly unconvinced.  "Let's just grab your daughter, pick up the two sightseers and get the hell out of here.  Carl, keep your pistol handy.  Are you sure you don't want one, Alice?"  He had been trying to persuade Alice to carry a gun for the last few days without success.
"No thank you," she answered.  "I wouldn't know what to do with one."
"It's actually not that hard," said Carl as they arrived behind the house and dismounted, trying to stay out of sight of the rest of the village.  "You just point it and pull the trigger."
Drake wasn't sure Carl had taken to it quite as easily as the man seemed to think but he didn't say anything.

Alice rapped lightly on the door and pushed it slowly open.  She was flanked on either side by Carl and Drake, each of them warily scanning the central square of the village where the pile of wood squatted ominously. 
“Hello,” said Alice.  “Aunt Madeline, are you there?”  She stepped into the dark interior of the small house, closely followed by her two companions.  With a last suspicious look round the village, Drake closed the door and latched it.
“Who’s there?” said a tremulous voice.  A woman in late middle-age opened the house’s one internal door and peered out, her eyes fearful.  Her hair was grey and unkempt and she looked like she’d been crying.  She was dressed in a rumpled white nightdress.

“Aunt Maddy, it’s me, Alice.”  Alice rushed over to the shocked and bewildered looking woman and grasped her by the upper arms.  “What’s going on, where’s Abby?”
“Oh, Alice,” quavered Madeline, all but collapsing into her niece’s arms.  “I’m so, so sorry.”
“Why, tell me what happened?” demanded Alice.  “Sol dammit, tell me what’s going on!”
“You shouldn’t curse, child,” admonished Madeline.  She met Alice’s desperate gaze with blood-shot eyes.
“You’re drunk!” accused Alice.  “This is hopeless.”  She shook the older woman.  “Tell me where my daughter is!”
“Don’t shout at me, it’s not my fault,” she wailed, disentangling herself from Alice’s arms and staggering over towards a chair.  She pulled up with a start as she noticed Carl staring at her.  Her startlement turned into terror as she realised there was a third man in the room, one she didn’t know.
Drake stepped forward, eyes gleaming with feral ferocity.  “Lady, I don’t care one way or the other if it’s your fault or not, but you are going to tell me where Abby is right now,” he growled.
Madeline reeled backwards, and turned to her niece for support.  There was no comfort there though, only a steely resolve.
Now it was Carl’s turn.  Gently but firmly, he took Madeline’s arm.  “Madeline.  We need you to tell us what happened, for Abby’s sake.”
She collapsed again, and would have fallen to the floor but for Carl supporting her.  He guided her over to the chair and let her sit down.
Taking a deep breath, she gathered herself.  “I’m sorry, Alice.  It was your cousin Steven.  He and his wife are expecting their first child; they were frightened that if the Solanists found out we were sheltering a demon then they’d be punished for it so they told the preachers.  I’m sorry.”  She covered her face with her hands and started sobbing.
“Steven?” gasped Alice in disbelief.  “But we played together all the time as children.  He used to bounce Abby on his knee when she was a baby.”
“Fear does funny things to people,” said Drake.  “Even the ones you trust the most.”
“So where is Abby now?” said Carl, prying Madeline’s hands away from her face.
She sniffed and blinked away her tears.  “They took her to the village hall and tied her up.”  She laughed bitterly.  “They’re terrified of her; she bit one of them and a few seconds later he was twitching on the ground and frothing at the mouth.  They’re staying well away from her now.”
“So she’s alive?”  Alice almost collapsed with relief.
“Yes, she's fine as far as I know.”
“And the oversized campfire outside?” asked Drake pointedly.
“Later today,” sniffed Madeline.  “That’s where everyone is now; arguing about it in the hall with all the local preachers.”
“Preachers?” said Drake.  “Well this just keeps getting better.  I don’t suppose you remember how many of them there were.”
Madeline shook her head sadly, then pulled a handkerchief out of the sleeve of her nightdress and noisily blew her nose.
“Marvellous,” muttered Drake.  “You two stay here; I’m going to check out the hall.  If I’m not back in ten minutes then go and find Tarak.”
Carl and Alice nodded at him.  He shook his head, grumbling, and opened the door.  Then he stopped.  “Oh,” he said, looking at the six preachers standing outside, guns pointed at him.  There were several villagers standing behind them, watching.  “Hi.”

Crystal crouched in the centre of the ruins, lost in the memories.  Scenes from her childhood played out in front of her eyes; winter nights huddled around the fire; birthday parties; arguing with her sisters and brothers.
Tarak watched her, wondering what was going through her head.  She hadn't moved a muscle for several minutes and it was almost impossible to see what was going on beneath the impassive mask of her face.  He frowned and looked towards the village just in time to see a crowd of people emerging from one of the village buildings.  What was going on there?
"I loved it here," Crystal said suddenly, startling Tarak.  She straightened up from her crouch and turned to face him.  "There was so much warmth and love here; my parents never had a bad word to say about anyone, even the Solanists; always tried to show that there was no need for violence.  I think you would have liked them, Tarak.  Mama would have fussed over you like you wouldn't have believed."
"I'm sorry I never got the chance to meet them," he replied, still watching the crowd as they made their way across the open centre of the village.  "They sound like good people."
"They were," said Crystal.  She turned away again.  "Good isn't enough in this world though.  They tried their best but it wasn't enough.  I do not think they would like what I became."
Tarak opened his mouth to point out what was happening further down the valley, but as he did he shifted his weight and accidentally nudged a moss covered mound just inside the back wall of the main room.  There was a hollow clunk and the mound moved slightly.  Something long, thin and off-white rolled out from beneath the moss.  Tarak stared at it a moment before realising what it was.  Suddenly, like the moment that the eye sees the shape of a cloud resolve itself into the shape of an animal, the mound transformed from a loose collection of moss-covered rocks into the shape of huddled bodies.  Horrified, he looked back at Crystal, hoping she hadn't noticed.
His hopes were in vain.
Statue still, she stared for long moments at the bone that stood out starkly against the dark-green carpet of vegetation, then she stepped forwards and dropped to her knees in front of it, dragging the sunglasses from her face and letting them fall to the ground.  Slowly, she reached out a hand towards the grassy mounds.
"Crystal, don't," pleaded Tarak, the events in the village forgotten.  "I know better than most what you're feeling and I'm telling you, you don't want to do that."  
It was too late though, her questing fingers had already dragged aside a chunk of the moss revealing a human skull, too big to be a child's, too small to be a full grown man's.  The bone was bleached white except for a few black scorch marks.
"They didn't even bury them," gasped Crystal in a voice hoarse with barely suppressed emotion.  "Ma..."  She reached out a shaking hand but stopped short of touching the exposed bones, her fingers curling tightly into a fist.  Then she threw back her head and howled at sky.
It was like nothing Tarak had ever heard; a long, drawn out, animalistic cry of pain and loss  and rage that echoed around the grassy valley.
"Crystal!" said Tarak, fearing for his companion as the howl went on and on, but she wasn't listening.
All she could hear was the screaming, her vision was consumed with flames and smoke, all the walls she had spent fifty years building had come crashing down, releasing a tidal wave of anger, grief and loneliness.  Suddenly, the scream died away.  She rocketed to her feet and ran from the ruins towards the chapel.
"Crystal!" shouted Tarak again, chasing after his companion.  He glanced back to the village; he thought he could see Drake, Carl and Alice being held at gunpoint but there was no doubting that every face was turned in his and Crystal's direction.  This was going from bad to worse.

Drake stood with his hands in the air and scowl on his face.  Beside him, Carl and Alice copied his stance; he could feel their nervousness.  Alice in particular was quivering but it wasn’t the guns pointing in their direction that was causing her distress; held between two men was a tall, slight girl, her hands tied behind her back and a canvas bag over her head; through the tears in the jeans and checked shirt the girl was wearing, scaled skin could be seen.  Despite her bonds, the two men holding her were struggling to hold on to her.  She had been kicking and writhing around since Alice had shouted “Abby!” as the bound figure was dragged out of the village hall.
“What have you done to her?” demanded Alice, glaring furiously at the head preacher; a balding man that one of the other preachers had called Archer.  He returned her glare with a look of smug superiority.
“The demon,” he spat, “was quite difficult to subdue.  One good man died from its vile poison and another is gravely ill.”
Alice was momentarily lost for words; her sweet, loving daughter had killed a man.  As shocked as she was, she had no sympathy for the victims.  Before she could speak, however, Carl spoke.
“Technically, it’s venom,” he said.  There was a moment of stunned silence; the only noise came from Abby’s muffled struggles.
“What?” snarled Archer, walking over to stand in front of Carl and tried to look down on him, even though they were roughly the same height.
“Poison is stuff you eat, venom is stuff that gets injected from fangs,” replied Carl.  He frowned.  “I guess it doesn’t really matter but I thought I’d point it out.”
Archer lashed out with his free hand, the punch catching Carl on the side of the jaw and sending him staggering back against the wall of Madeline's house.  Madeline herself had fainted when she’d stepped outside and seen all the guns pointing roughly in her direction.  Her husband was currently cradling her prone form in the doorway to their house.
Whilst the preachers were distracted by Carl and menacing Alice to stop her going to her stunned husband, Drake glanced up the village towards the chapel and the ruins of Crystal’s childhood home.  He could just make out the figure of Tarak but Crystal was lost amongst the grassy mounds.  He sighed quietly.  What was the point of teaming up with a legendary gunslinger if they were off on a trip down memory lane when you needed them?  Come on, Crystal, it’s time to show them what you’re made of!
Suddenly, just as Archer was about to speak, a terrible howl echoed down the length of the valley.  Haunting and mournful, it made Drake feel as if a pain-filled abyss had opened up beneath his feet.
“Oh boy,” muttered Drake as the howl finally faded away, leaving only the echoes bouncing back and forth along the valley sides.  Even Abby had stopped struggling.
“What in Sol’s name was that?” gasped Archer, looking wildly around.
“Death,” said Drake softly, deciding that the situation called for a little nerve-jangling melodrama.  “The ghosts of the past have come for their vengeance.”
“What are you tal…there’s someone breaking into the chapel!”  Archer had noticed Crystal smashing her way through the chapel door.  “You three,” he snapped, pointing to three preachers.  “Come with me.”
“Be careful, John,” called out a middle-aged woman as the four men set off up the gentle slope towards the chapel.  One of the preachers turned around with a sheepish look and blushed as he waved at her.
“My condolences,” said Drake, sitting down on the grass despite the array of guns trained at him.
“What do you mean?” she asked, coming over to glare down at him.  “What was that?”  The other villagers and the remaining preachers were looking nervous now.
“Not ‘what’, ‘who’,” replied Drake.
“Okay then, demon-lover, who was that?”  This time it was one of the preachers talking.  The man, barely out of his twenties if Drake was any judge, gestured threateningly with the rifle he was holding.
“The owner of the property.  I don’t think she likes what you’ve done with the place.”  Drake glanced up towards the chapel again; there was smoke coming out of the open door and drifting up, starkly black against the blue sky.  “You look old enough to remember, no offense.  She was probably a friend of yours.”  Drake smiled sadly at her.  “Do you remember a fire billowing up into the sky?”  The woman frowned at him, confused, but Drake could see a shadow of fear fall across her face.  “Do you remember the flames reflected in shining crystals?”
The woman’s eyes widened and she gasped in horror.  “No…”
“Crystal’s come home,” said Drake.  There were horrified cries from the other villagers.  “If you start running now, you might just make it.”

~~~~


Chapter 15

Oblivious to Tarak's calls, Crystal arrived at the chapel's door and, finding it locked, hurled herself against it.  Again and again she slammed her shoulder into it, the timbers shuddering from the impact of the deceptively slight figure, until it collapsed inwards with a crash of splintering wood.  Stumbling through the wreckage, Crystal ran down the centre aisle of the chapel and launched herself at the large, stylised, wooden sculpture of the sun that was hanging on the wall, a symbol of Sol that was found in all Solanist buildings.
With an animal snarl she wrenched it off the wall, sending the six feet wide circle of carved wood crashing into the altar and the front bench.
Tarak appeared in the doorway, momentarily blocking the light.  He was just in time to see Crystal disappear into an antechamber.  "Crystal, dammit, what are you doing?" he shouted.  "There are preachers out there, Drake needs us!"
There was no reply from Crystal, just a crashing sound, and then a small barrel came flying out of the antechamber and landed with a crash in amongst the wreckage of the Circle of Sol.  It was closely followed by several more until, finally, Crystal reemerged carrying one last barrel.  She lifted it high above her head then slammed it down with a cry, smashing the wood.  Thick, viscous fluid spilled out over the floor, pooling around the splintered altar and the other barrels.  The air was filled with the scent of lamp oil.
"Crystal," said Tarak in what he hoped was a calming voice, "we need to get out there and help the others."
Still, Crystal didn't answer.  Instead she drew a pistol and knelt down next to the spreading pool of oil.  She cocked the pistol and then held it sideways so the hammer was directly over the oil.  Finally she looked at Tarak, the reflected light from the doorway making her eyes glow brightly in the darkness.  "Run."
He looked at her, then at the gun, then at the oil and then at the wooden floor, wooden benches and wooden pillars that supported the roof.  "Oh shitting hell.  Crystal, don't..."
She fired.  The shot echoed around the chapel as the bullet buried itself into one of the pews.  A spark from the firing gun landed in the oil, which ignited with a loud whoomph.
"Crystal, come on!" shouted Tarak, backing rapidly towards the door as the fire flared up amongst the pews.  The other barrels hadn't ignited yet but it was only a matter of time. 
Crystal ignored him, staring into the spreading flames as if transfixed.  Always fire, she thought.  Everywhere I go, the flames seem to follow me.  The faces of the people she had lost, her family, friends from the sanctuary, seemed to appear in the fire only to fade away into the smoke.

The fire had taken hold of the floor and the benches and the smoke was getting thick now.  Tarak could barely see Crystal but she didn't seem to have any inclination to move.  "Crystal!" he coughed, lifting up his shirt to cover his mouth.  It was no good, he had to leave.
Coughing and spluttering, eyes streaming, Tarak emerged from the chapel and staggered away from the chapel until he thought he was far enough away to be safe from the inevitable explosion, then he collapsed gratefully on to the grass, taking deep breaths of the sweet, sweet air.  He was dimly aware that there were other people nearby, shouting, but right now he didn't care.  As long as they weren't shooting at him then he was fine with it.

The flames raged around her, but still Crystal didn't move.  The smoke didn't really bother her, she could hold her breath for a very long time and there was no danger of smoke getting in her eyes, but she stepped back from the fire.  Dimly, over the crackling of the fire, she could hear voices outside, and also a bubbling sound from the still intact barrels; the oil inside was starting to boil.
Someone was shouting in through the door now.  She gazed at the flames a moment longer.  It was time to go.
She strode down the aisle of the chapel, fire surrounding her on all sides.  Ahead of her the door was a faint glow through the smoke; she thought she could dimly see the silhouette of the man who had been shouting.  Anger raged inside, matching the flames around her; a preacher.  She surged forwards.

Archer, John, Mikael and Kiernan slowed to a halt about twenty feet from the entrance to the chapel.  Smoke was starting to pour from the entrance.
“They’ve set fire to the church!  But…”  Archer was speechless; all his plans for escaping this backwards little village and getting back to the city were literally going up in smoke.
Suddenly the smoke parted and a giant of man, with wild red hair and a long straggly beard, stumbled out.
“Halt!” shouted Archer as he and the other three levelled their guns at the man.  Coughing and spluttering, he ignored them, staggering away to the side until he was a good distance from the chapel before sitting down with a thump in the long grass.
Momentarily nonplussed, Archer took a step forward and tried to peer into the black hole of the chapel’s entrance.  “I know there’s someone else in there.  Come out with your hands up!” he shouted, desperately trying to think of some way to salvage the situation.  There was no response from within the chapel; behind him, the three young preachers nervously tried to watch the entrance and the large man, who was now lying on his back, simultaneously.
 
The smoke had become much thicker, almost obscuring the doorway completely.  Whoever was in there must surely be dead, Archer thought, but he shouted again regardless: “Whoever’s inside the chapel, come out now in the name of Sol!”
There was a moment of silence, broken only by the crackling of fire within the chapel and the coughing of the red-haired giant, and then, as Archer watched, the smoke billowed out, swirling, twisting around and coalescing into something human.  No, thought Archer as the figure strode towards him, not human.  They weren’t coughing, for one thing, and in the soot-smeared face there were two hard, crystal eyes.
“Stop!” he shouted, raising his pistol.  He exulted; this was it, this was salvation.  He would be the preacher who finally caught Crystal Eyes.
 
Crystal strode from the chapel, looking to the waiting preachers as if she had coalesced from the smoke itself.  The thick clouds dropped away from her to reveal four men nervously aiming guns in her vague direction.  Tarak was lying off to the side, well away from danger, his great chest rising and falling as he took in huge, cleansing gulps of air.
The lead preacher, older than the other three, sunlight reflecting off his large bald patch, shouted at her to stop.  She ignored it; all she could hear was the screaming that had echoed around her head for fifty years.  Finally, no more than five feet away from them, she stopped and looked at them; three young men filled with blind faith and one who was older.  There was little faith in his eyes; instead she saw greed and ambition written across his face.  Behind them, running up the path, an older woman was frantically trying to reach them.  Carolyn.  Older, but still recognisable.  She was five years older than Crystal.  She had helped out a bit in the school when Crystal was there but had mostly worked in the bakery.  The young preacher on the far left had a definite family resemblance to her.
“Put your hands up!” the older man was shouting at her.
“No,” said Crystal.
“Put your hands up or I swear to Sol I will put a bullet through one of those shiny eyes!”  His hand was shaking so much that Crystal doubted he’d hit her at all, never mind shooting her eye out.
“No,” she repeated.  She cocked her head to one side; listening to a noise from within the chapel that only she could hear.  It was the sound of lamp oil reaching boiling point.  She smiled.
“Why are you smiling?  Put your hands…”
Deep within the burning chapel, the barrels of oil exploded, creating a fireball that blasted outwards with devastating force.
The roof of the chapel bulged upwards, held for a moment then tore apart, taking lumps of the dry stone walls with it and scattering flaming chunks of wood across the meadow.  In a shower of shining, multi-coloured jewels, the two stained-glass windows exploded.
At the front of the chapel, Crystal suddenly dropped to one knee and ducked her head.  Flames erupted behind her, surrounding her, scorching her clothes and hair.  She watched bits of flaming debris pinwheel past her, some of it bouncing painfully off her shoulders and back, before it peppered the four preachers in front of her.  They were blasted backwards, sent tumbling back down the hill to land in a tangled heap.
Crystal stood, dust and debris raining down around her, and fixed her gaze on the village square and the shocked crowd that was staring up at her in terror.  She strode forwards once more.
 
Archer woozily shook his head, trying to clear away the ringing noise in his ears and make the world stop tilting and wobbling.  He looked around, struggling to comprehend what has just happened.  The other three preachers lay next to him, looking battered and bloody; Kiernan was moving, though he still seemed to be unconscious; Mikael and John lay still, however.  An elderly woman was kneeling next to John, shaking him, tears rolling down her face.  Bizarrely, she didn’t seem to be making any noise even though her mouth was opening and closing as she were crying.  If only this damnable ringing would stop!  He tried to remember what he’d been doing; it had been something important hadn’t it?
He staggered to his feet and found himself looking up the hill at his ruined chapel, oh Sol, his chapel!  The roof was gone; in its place, a vast column of black smoke soared up into the sky.  
“How?” he gasped, or tried to.  It sounded like his voice was coming from deep underwater.  Then he focussed on the figure standing in front of him, framed by the smoke, the soot covered woman with the crystal eyes.  Her!
He grabbed for his pistol.  Finding his right hand holster empty he glanced down and pulled his left hand pistol out with fumbling fingers. But by the time he looked back up he was staring down the barrel of Crystal’s pistol.  “You…!”  He raised his pistol and the world went white.
 
Surprised by the loud retort of Crystal's gun and the hot blood that spattered her face, Carolyn recoiled away from the body of her son; a piece of wood had caught him in the throat.  Through teary eyes she looked up and into a face she hadn’t seen in fifty years.  She launched herself at Crystal, swinging wildly at her, shrieking at the top of her voice.  It was like hitting a rock.
Ignoring the blows, Crystal reached out with her free hand and grabbed Carolyn by the throat and dragged her close, so the two of them were eye to eye.  They stood like that for a second, Carolyn clawing at Crystal's vice like grip and staring into the pitiless depths of her eyes.
"You killed him!" she croaked, trying to prise away the fingers.
"You didn't even bury them," replied Crystal in a dangerous whisper.   With a contemptuous shrug, she flung Carolyn away and resumed her march towards the village square.
With a despairing cry, Carolyn scrabbled for the gun that Archer had dropped.  Her hands were shaking as she tried to pull the stiff hammer back to cock the pistol, her eyes fixed on Crystal's retreating back.
Suddenly a giant hand reached over her shoulder and closed over the gun, easily covering her two small hands.  She looked up to see a red-haired giant looking down at her with kind, sad eyes.  "He would not have wanted you to throw your life away," said Tarak, taking the gun away. 
Carolyn stood shaking for a moment, then knelt slowly back down next to her son, cradling his head in her arms.
Above her, Tarak shook his head sadly, thinking, not for the first time, that the world was a harsh, wasteful, pain-filled place.  In the village he could see the crowd starting to panic as Crystal approached; the world still had plenty of pain to dole out today.

"What are you gonna do now?" asked Drake in a conversational tone.  He was now leaning back against the wall, eyes half closed as if he was having trouble staying awake.  "There's a heap of trouble coming your way."
The preachers who were supposed to be watching Drake and his two companions were paying more attention to the approaching Crystal than they were to him.  If they hadn't taken his pistol he probably could have shot the lot of them without them even noticing.
"Sol will protect us," declared one of them unconvincingly.  There was a sheen of sweat on his forehead despite the cooling breeze.
"Of course, of course," agreed Drake.  "But one thing you might want to consider: she's been fighting and killing her way around this world of ours for over forty years.  Dozens, if not hundreds, of preachers have found themselves in an early grave because of her.  Preachers who I'm sure were filled with confidence that mighty Sol stood with them.  Maybe they just didn't have enough faith.  Yeah, that'll be it, but ask yourself this: how sure are you that your faith is stronger than any of theirs was?  Is it stronger than her?"
"Seth, go, please!"  An elderly man, well into his seventies, hobbled forward urgently and put a hand on the shoulder of one of the preachers. 
"Grandpa, it'll be fine," said Seth, who looked to Drake's eyes as if he had barely reached his twentieth birthday.  
"It won't be, my boy.  You don't understand who she is."
Other elderly relatives, those who had been around when Crystal had lived in the village, were coming forwards now, desperately trying to convince their younger relatives and friends to run away.  There was a sudden babble of panicked shouting: "We have to go!", "Please come, I'm begging you!", "Run, Casey, please, just run!".
"What can she do against all of us?" said Seth, sounding as if he was trying to convince himself more than anyone else.
"Kill you all, would be my guess," said Drake.  "The fine, upstanding people of this village let her family get slaughtered, as I understand it, and Crystal is not big on forgiving and forgetting."
Crystal was getting closer now, coming towards them like a storm rolling down the valley.  The preacher nearest Drake started to lift his rifle up to his shoulder, despite his grandmother tugging at his arm.
"Don't do it boy, it'll be your last act on this earth if you do," warned Drake.
Eighty feet away now, Crystal, without seeming to move her hands at all, suddenly had a pistol in each one.  Close enough to see properly, her eyes gleamed with the promise of instant death.
"I can stop her," said Alice loudly, cutting through the tumult.  All eyes turned to look at her, faint hope kindling in some.  "You can't get away now.  I'm your only chance.  Release my daughter and I can stop her."
The two preachers who still held the struggling Abby, looked reluctantly at each other.  "Let her go, Sol-dammit!" cried Seth's grandfather.  "This village has seen enough death already!"  Others quickly joined in with his cries.
Overwhelmed, the two preachers released Abby who, despite, the hood over her head, made her way unerringly over to Alice.  Alice immediately removed the hood, hugging her daughter and kissing the scaly skin of her forehead.
"Help us!" cried a villager, before Alice could do anything else to free Abby.
"Carl?" said Alice, looking at her husband.  He was also hugging the girl whilst trying simultaneously to untie her hands.
"I've got this," he said.  "I hope you know what you're doing."
Alice didn't reply.  Reluctantly, she let go of Abby and moved to intercept Crystal.

~~~~


Chapter 16

There was no mistaking Crystal's intent as Alice got nearer to her.  Her face was an impenetrable mask, her eyes all but shone, her stride metronomic and implacable.
"Crystal, stop," said Alice, feeling a shiver of fear run down her spine as she blocked the gunfighter.  Suddenly, the fear intensified, as if she had sensed Crystal's attention shift from the village as a whole to focus solely on her.
"Stand aside, Alice," said Crystal, drawing to a stop an arm's length away.
"I can't, not without at least trying to stop you."
The faintest frown creased Crystal's forehead.  "Why would you want to stop me?  They were going to burn your daughter."
"They're afraid.  Of the Solanists, of the demons, of something happening to their families, of you."
"They didn't bury my family, just left them to rot," said Crystal.  The mask of her face cracked for a moment and Alice caught a glimpse of the terrible, churning pain beneath.  Then the walls went back up and Crystal's face became the serene mask it had been before.  
"Most of these villagers weren't even born then," said Alice, "and most of the ones who were here have long since died."
"You don't think they would burn me if they had the chance, or your daughter?"  Crystal's voice was thick with bitter rage now.  "They sacrificed me and my family to their 'fear', in the name of a made up god.  I played with them, laughed with them, and it only took a moment for them to see me as a monster.  Well then, I will give them the monster they want.  That's what the Solanists want me to be so why not?"
Alice raised a hand up to the shorter woman's face and gently stroked the cheek, rubbing away the soot to reveal the stark white skin beneath.  "Crystal, you are not a monster.  Please, don't let them make you one."
"That's what my mother used to say, but I'm afraid the world disagrees with you," said Crystal.  She smiled slightly, almost sadly.  "Watch."
Alice frowned, then suddenly Crystal had knocked her flying to the side and at the same time she heard a loud bang from behind her and, was that Abby shouting for her?  Shocked and stunned, she rolled over in time to see Crystal spin around, great clouds of soot and ash flying off her long coat as she turned, and drop to a crouch, guns held out in front of her.  She fired, again and again and again, filling the valley with thunder.
Horrified, Alice looked back at the villagers as the echoes of the last shot faded away.  People were lying on the ground where they had flung themselves, some were shouting in pained anguish.  Beside her, Crystal calmly and quickly reloaded her pistols.  She turned her head and met Alice's gaze full-on.
"They will live, as long as the bleeding is stopped and the wounds don't get infected."  She turned on her heel and strode back up the valley towards the ruin of her family home and the still burning chapel.
Alice lay back on the worn grass of the path and tried to get her breath back.  Her arm hurt where Crystal had shoved her and she was sure she'd heard a whine as the first rifle shot from one of the preachers had flown close to her head.

Drake knelt next to Seth, who was whimpering and crying on the ground in front of him.
"I told you not to fire," he said matter-of-factly, as he undid the young man's belt and wrapped it tightly around Seth's leg, just above the bloody bullet-hole.  The young preacher cried out in pain.  "Still, you're alive so you're one up on where I thought you'd be.  She must like you!"
Carl, Abby and Alice were sitting together a little way away from the group of confused, scared villagers.  Alice was fussing over her daughter, almost as if she was trying to check every inch of the young girl for injuries.
"Mama," admonished Abby, brushing her mother's hand away.  "I'm fine.  They didn't really do anything.  I think they were too scared."
"Madeline said you bit a couple of them.  What happened?" asked Carl.
Abby hissed in disgust at the mention of Madeline's name.  "She sneaked them in while I was sleeping," she explained.  "A bunch of them grabbed me.  I was really scared so I bit one of them.  Not sure what happened to the other one, I think his hand just got in the way."  She turned to look at Alice with tears in her eyes.  "I'm sorry, ma, I didn't mean to hurt them."
"Shh, it's okay," said Alice, hugging Abby close.  "There's nothing wrong with fighting, even killing, if your life depends on it.  As long as it never becomes easy or meaningless."  She remembered deep, green crystal eyes, filled with cold fury.  "Don't ever forget that you're not a monster, even if I'm not there to tell you."
Tarak wandered past and plonked himself down next to Drake.  He had been recovering his and Crystal's horses, both of which had run further up the valley sides when the chapel had exploded.
"You alright, man?" asked Drake of his old friend.
"What?" replied Tarak, loudly.  His face was still smeared with soot.
"I said, are you okay?"
"Fine.  Tired."  Tarak was still talking very loudly.
"Why are you shouting?"
"What?"
Drake laughed.  "Why are you shouting?"
"Am I?"  Tarak stuck a finger in his ear and wiggled it around.  "Sorry, my ears are ringing.  Someone blew up a church right behind me."
"Where is our resident demolition expert?"
"What?"

Crystal stood in the ruins of her home, looking down at the small mounds of grass, daisies and moss that covered her family’s remains.  After so long it didn’t seem right to take them out of the place that had once been so happy but she didn’t want to leave them out in the open anymore.  She looked thoughtfully over her shoulder to the Solanist chapel that still smoked and smouldered behind her.  Chunks of the dry-stone walls were scattered across the meadow, in amongst the charred wood and shattered glass. 
She walked over and scooped up an armful of the stones that she carried back and carefully but quickly stacked over the bones.  After she had repeated this five times she had built a small but solid cairn in the corner of what had once been the house’s main room.
She crouched down and gently placed a hand on top of the cairn.  “Goodbye Jo, David, papa, mama,” she whispered softly, her voice no louder than the breeze blowing through the valley.  “I hope you wouldn’t have thought me a monster, though I fear Alice may be wrong about that.”  She paused, listening to the distant call of an eagle echoing around the mountain peaks.  “I love you.  I wish I’d said that more.”  She stood and rubbed her temples; the backs of her eyes were itching again and there was a faint hint of a headache starting.  She’d need to slee…she froze, standing as still as the mountains.  There had been a noise, almost too faint for even her to hear, barely more than a distant echo.  She strained to listen, trying to filter out the wind, the birdsong, the eagle soaring high above.
There!  Only for a split-second then gone again but unmistakeable.  Hoofbeats!  The Solanists had caught them up.
She took one last look at the cairn, saying a final, silent goodbye and knowing she would never return here again.  Then she turned and sprinted for the fence where Tarak had left her horse hitched.  She jumped, putting one foot on the topmost bar of the fence and, pivoting by grabbing onto the horse’s bridle and swinging herself around, vaulted on to the surprised beast’s back.  Hauling on the reins, she dragged the horse around and kicked it hard with her heels.  It reared for a second then they plunged down the valley at a flat-out gallop.
 
“Crystal’s coming,” said Abby excitedly.
Alice had to confess, she was a little worried by the awed tone in her daughter’s voice.  She wasn’t sure she wanted her to look on Crystal as a hero.  That wasn’t something she could worry about now though; they had more important things to concern themselves with.  She looked round and saw the crystal-eyed gunslinger racing towards them, black hair streaming out behind her in the wind.  “Wow, she’s in a hurry!” she exclaimed.
“What?” said Drake, who was sitting nearby.  He followed Alice’s gaze and saw Crystal.  “Uh oh, this can’t be good.”
“I can hear horses,” said Abby, suddenly jumping to her feet.  “Lots of horses!”
Drake was on his feet now as well.  “Solanists.  Grab your gear and get to your horses!”  He could hear the horses now; they had seconds left.  Not long enough.
 
A flood of Solanist preachers rounded the corner and thundered three abreast between the houses that lined the road into the village square.  Most of the villagers had already gone inside the village hall, scared that if Crystal saw them then she may change her mind about not killing them, but the few that were still outside quickly fled as Drake, Tarak and Carl fired at the onrushing Solanists.  They backed away as they fired, using the corner of a house for cover, Alice and Abby crouched fearfully behind them.
“Holy shit, that’s a lot of Solanists!” shouted Drake.
Then Crystal arrived from the side, guns drawn, ploughing her horse into the front row of onrushing preachers like a battering ram.  “GO!” she shouted at the top of her lungs as the panicking beasts stamped and kicked.  She shot the two closest preachers as they tried to control their mounts and aim their own guns at her.  As her horse reared, Crystal kicked her feet out of the stirrups and let herself roll backwards off the horse, landing in a crouch amidst the stamping hooves.  Bullets whined through the space where she had been sitting moments earlier, one of them hitting another preacher in the shoulder and knocking him out of the saddle.  His horse kicked out then took off at a gallop, dragging the hapless preacher behind it with his foot caught in the stirrup.  His screaming stopped after a few seconds.
Crystal dodged around the front of a wide-eyed looking horse and shot the rider in the stomach.  She ducked past another horse that was rearing desperately, the hooves slicing the air mere inches from her face.  Her guns blazed, blasting preachers out of their saddles as they tried to find her in the crowd of animals.
 
“Get to the horses!” shouted Drake to Carl and Alice as he gunned down a preacher who had made it past the confusion generated by Crystal’s arrival.  “Go round the back while we cover you!  And take this.”  He handed a gun to Alice.
Tarak put a hand on her shoulder.  “We’re fighting for survival here; don’t hesitate.”
She nodded reluctantly.  “Be careful,” she said then the three of them started making their way around the outside of village, sticking as close as possible to the house walls.
They had made it past two houses, just over halfway to where their horses were hitched, when they heard hoofbeats and a shout behind them.  They ran around a corner just as two horses thundered up behind them.  Before Carl could raise his rifle, the two preachers had pistols aimed at them. 
“Easy there, cowboy,” spat one of them.  “Where’d the other one go?”
“What?” asked Carl.  He looked round but of Abby there was no sign.  “Er…”
One of the preachers walked his horse closer.  “Where.  Are.  They?” he growled.  Carl and Alice stayed silent, eyes wide.  “Fine.  Donovan, shoot the woman.”  He waited for a moment.  “Donovan?”  He looked round.  Donovan was still sitting on his horse but he didn’t look well.  His eyes were bulging, his limbs were twitching and his mouth was slowly opening and closing.  Slowly, gurgling softly, he slid off his horse and collapsed in a heap. 
“What in Sol’s name happened to him?”  He turned back round to find Carl aiming a rifle squarely between his eyes.  There was a hiss right next to his left ear that made his horse stamp its feet.  Very slowly, he turned his head to see a girl with scaled skin hanging off the side of the house's roof, watching him through slitted eyes.  She hissed again, forked tongue flickering.  “Holy sh…”  He tried to bring his gun round but before he could Carl fired, hitting the preacher in the chest and sending him crashing to the ground where he lay still.
Abby dropped lightly down, landing with barely a sound next to the dead preacher.  She was carrying a pistol she had taken from the unfortunate Donovan.  It looked huge in her slender hand but it didn't seem to be causing her any difficulty.
Alice ran up and hugged her daughter.  "Are you okay?" she asked.
"Mama!" protested Abby, trying to wriggle out of her mother's grasp.  "I'm fine.  Get off!"
"Come on!" shouted Carl.  "You can fuss over her later."
Alice let Abby go with an exasperated shake of her head.  She watched the girl run after her father, gun held easily in one slim hand, faster and stronger than everyone around her, and she remembered the terrible pain and fury of Crystal.  She vowed, as she ran to catch up, that she would never let the world do that to her daughter.

Crystal ducked and dodged through the crowd of horses, a wraith dancing in-between slashing hooves and lumps of kicked-up earth, constantly vanishing out of view of the mounted preachers trying to find her, bullets always slicing through where she had just been but never hitting.  Around her, the Solanists were a slow moving tableaux of chaos and confusion through which she moved with deadly purpose.  She rolled beneath a horse's legs and came up on a preacher's blind side, blasting him out of the saddle before he even knew she was there.  Bullets whizzed by as she dodged away, hitting one of the horses and making it lurch into another one that reared wildly and flung the rider to the ground.  His screams as the horse trampled him were lost in the chaos.  
Some of the preachers had dropped down to the ground now to try and spot the elusive Crystal through the shifting maze of legs, but it was a treacherous place to be; hemmed in by the buildings, surrounded by gunfire and death, the horses were wildly kicking out to try and create space and get away, and many preachers were brutally crushed and kicked to death, and all that was without taking into account the havoc being wrought by Crystal.
Even she, however, was not immune to the maddened horses.
Dodging to her left, using one of the beasts as cover, she aimed and shot a preacher who had come close to hitting her with a rifle, but as she turned to take aim at another target something smashed into her right shoulder, sending her flying into the flanks of a dark-brown stallion and then crashing to the ground.  Cursing, she rolled away from the crushing hooves of another rearing horse that came within inches of trampling her.  It hadn't been a gunshot, she was sure of that.  She looked round to see a horse, her horse, kicking madly at the other horses around it as it finally fought its way clear and galloped away.  Kicked by my own horse, she thought sourly, bloody typical. It had left her with intense agony in her shoulder and a numb, useless right arm.  Nerveless fingers had dropped the pistol and it was now lost in the mud, but she'd managed to keep hold of her left hand pistol.  Which only had one bullet left in the chambers.  She cursed again and used her last shot to take out a nearby preacher.  She could load with one hand, but doing it in the middle of a crowd of maddened horses when both her fingers and the bullets were covered in mud was going to be tricky, even for her.

Matthew battled desperately to control the horse beneath him.  Time and again it tried to break away and bolt but, using the experience gained through long years in the saddle, he managed to wrest control back each time.  Around him, the other, less experienced riders were dropping like flies.  Some managed to scramble clear of the melee, most screamed briefly before being ground up.
Suddenly, through a narrow gap, he spotted her.  With a gun in each hand, she was decimating the ranks of the preachers, but she had her back to him.  Taking the reins of his horse with one hand he drew his pistol with the other and took aim.  His heart beat faster and time seemed to slow; this was it, the moment he had been building towards his whole life, finally he would get justice for his family.  His finger tightened on the trigger, smoothly and calmly, and then...he saw the horse kick out, scarcely believing his eyes as the flailing hoof smashed into her shoulder, sending her flying out of sight.  He cursed, violently yanking on his horse's reins to try and manoeuvre it into a position where he could see her, but the horse was already spooked and reared up, its front legs pawing at the air.
He tried to control the bucking beast, almost had it, but then another horse, riderless and running free, careered into him, sending it staggering then falling to the side.  Desperately, he hurled himself out of the saddle as it crashed down, rolling to avoid being crushed.  Partially winded and covered in mud, he staggered back to his feet.  There was no sign of his pistols; they had disappeared in to the churned up mud.  Catching sight of Crystal struggling to get back to her feet, he desperately scanned around for a weapon.  There was a dead preacher nearby, lying face down in the mud; one of his holsters still held a pistol in it.  He scrambled across to wrestle the gun free, trying to keep track of Crystal and avoid the stamping hooves of the milling horses; they were going to stampede soon, he was sure, and this would not be a good place to be when that happened.  Dammit, he’d lost her.  No, there she was!  He aimed and fired in one smooth motion, but still, somehow, she managed to dodge it, rolling out of sight.  He swore, and then had to quickly jump to the side himself as a horse galloped past.
 
Off to the side, Crystal had spotted a preacher aiming at her; she dived forwards, hearing the gunshot and the whine as the bullet flashed past.  Another preacher landed in front of her as she struggled back to her feet.  He didn't spot her at first, covered head to toe in mud as she was.  By the time he realised it was her, she had covered the ground between them.  He brought his gun up and fired, but Crystal ducked beneath the shot, grabbed the preacher's gun with her working hand, jumped up and crashed her forehead into his nose with a terrible splintering sound, sending him crumpling to the ground in a heap.  A bullet whizzed past her as she flipped her stolen gun around.  There were at least three preachers about to shoot; at least one of them was likely to hit her.  Then a rifle shot rang out and one of them flew out of the saddle, blood spurting from the bullet-wound in his throat.  She shot one of the others and the third one was also taken down by the unseen rifleman.

Tarak charged into the centre of the chaos, knocking a stunned preacher, who had just been staggering to his feet, back to the ground.  Trusting in Drake, who waited with Carl, Alice and Abby with their horses, to even the odds with his rifle, and to his own size and strength to bully his way through the press of bodies, he pushed forwards, relentlessly shoving men and horses aside until he found what he was looking for; Crystal, covered head to toe in mud, her right arm hanging limply by her side.  Sensing his approach, she span, gun raised.  Seeing it was Tarak, she let the spin continue and dropped to a crouch, shooting an approaching preacher with pinpoint accuracy.
“Are you okay?” shouted Tarak, struggling to make himself heard over the tumult.
“Fine,” answered Crystal, firing again.  “I thought you were leaving.”
“Not without you.  Are you hit?” 
“A horse kicked me.  I’ll live.”
“That’s not guaranteed yet!”  Tarak stepped to the side of a rearing horse and then hurled himself at its side, knocking off its feet whilst it was unbalanced.  The preacher riding it flew beneath the stamping hooves of another horse and lay still.
Then, just as the horses were starting to move en masse, Crystal locked gazes with a set of eyes she had first seen forty-four years ago.  With the thundering hooves making the ground shake, clouds of mud filling the air and Tarak shouting at her to follow him to where Drake waited with the horses, the two faced each other, connected by five decades of violence and death.

Matthew felt his heart hammering in his chest, could hear the pounding thump through the blood in his ears.  Nothing else in the world existed except for her and those damned, gleaming eyes.  He began to raise his pistol, the flow of time seeming to slow so that it felt like he was trying to move his hand through treacle.  This was the moment, the culmination of over forty years of hatred, boiled down to a fraction of a second.  He thumbed back the hammer of the pistol as he raised it, almost on target, and…suddenly the world jerked sideways with an almighty thump, tilting on to its side as he was sent crashing to the ground, someone on top of him, pinning him to the ground.  He twisted round to see it was Carlos, shouting incoherently at him, and behind Carlos, the brown and white mare that had come within inches of trampling him.
Crystal…Crystal was gone, lost somewhere on the far side of the village square, snatched away from him again.  He shouted out in incoherent rage and frustration as Carlos shepherded him into the relative shelter of a doorway.
“Why didn’t you let me shoot her?” demanded Matthew, angrily.
“Because you’d never have got the shot off before the horse flattened you,” snapped Carlos in reply.  “We’ve lost too many today as it is.”
Over Carlos’s shoulder, Matthew could see Crystal and her companions galloping away up the valley, out of his reach.
 
~~~~


Chapter 17

In the end, of the forty preachers who had ridden into Hope, only fifteen remained and only eight of those were uninjured; thirteen had been killed by Crystal or her companions, the rest mangled up by maddened horses.
“Are we going after them?” asked Carlos as he, Matthew and the other surviving preachers loaded the bodies of their fallen comrades on to the back of a wagon they’d appropriated from one of the villagers.
“No,” replied Matthew, wiping the sweat from his brow with his forearm.  “No point.  We don’t have the men, the horses or the supplies.  Would you want to go up there with just a couple of us, on those narrow paths where she could be waiting around the next bend?  I’m damn sure I wouldn’t want to.”
“What do we do then?”
Matthew sighed.  "There are only a few tracks down from the mountains that they can use if they want to get to the badlands.  We might be able to cut them off if we can organise it," he answered.  "Mind you, the way it's been going so far I get the feeling we'd struggle to organise a piss-up in a brewery."
They moved on to the next body and paused for a moment; it was Johns.  There was no sign of any gunshot wounds but his face was a pulped up mess.  "Ah shit, Johns," muttered Carlos, making the sign of Sol on his chest.  "Why'd you jump off your horse, you dumb bastard?"
"What happened?" asked Matthew.
"We were close together, still mounted up and trying to spot that demon bitch.  He jumped down to try and get a better view and suddenly there she was, comin' up out of the mud and head-butting him."
"That," Matthew, eyes wide, pointed to the unrecognisable mass that was all that was left of Johns' features, "was from a head butt?"
Carlos shook his head.  "Nah, he went down and got trampled, then those friends of the demon started shooting off with their rifles and I lost track of her, at least until I seen you about to get flattened."
"Thank you for that," said Matthew.  "My wife would never have forgiven me if I'd gotten myself trampled to death."  He looked down at the battered body of Johns.  "Come on, let's load him and the last couple up and start heading back to Martinsdale; when we get there we'll drink a toast in his honour and maybe shoot that damned councillor."
Carlos chuckled.  "I'm damn sure that's what he would have wanted."
When they'd finished, Matthew paused for a moment, looking at the pile of bodies and then up at the late-afternoon sun that was starting to sink towards the distant horizon.  Was it worth it, Lord Sol? he wondered, to himself and the silent sky.  He couldn't think of an answer and there was no reply from the heavens.

There was no conversation as Drake led them up into the mountains, instead all they focussed on following a narrowing, tricky trail that took them up amongst the tall, densely clustered pine trees and into the chill air.  They rode on until the sun began to sink towards the western horizon, finally making camp in the mouth of a small cave that sheltered them from the high, biting wind.
"Could there be bears in there?" asked Alice nervously as they set up camp.  She was gathering firewood with Tarak.
"At some point in the year, probably, but it's empty now," answered Tarak.
"How can you be sure?"
Tarak laughed heartily.  "It's not very deep, for one thing, and for another...well, if there was a bear in there we'd have heard about it by now; they're a bit like Crystal, not big on subtlety."
They returned to the camp and got the fire going.  Drake, whistling happily, began to make stew in his battered iron pot.
"So," he said as he watched the water start to bubble, "how are we all doing after this exciting, thrill-packed day?"
"Exhausted!" declared Alice.  She, Carl and Abby were wrapped snugly in a blanket.  "I feel like I could sleep for a week.  I've got my little girl back though, that's all that matters."  She paused for a moment.  "I wanted to say thank you for all the three of you have done.  I can't begin to tell you what it means to me, to us."
"Don't thank us yet, there's still a long way to go," said Tarak, yawning widely.  "How are you doing, oh enigmatic one?"  He turned to Crystal.  "How's your shoulder?"
"Very sore.  I don't think anything's broken but it's going to be at least a week before it's working properly again."
"What happened?" asked Carl; in their flight from Hope there had been no time for questions or explanations.
"I got kicked by a horse.  My horse, in fact."
"Your own horse?" laughed Drake.  He threw some crudely chopped carrots into the pot and stirred it.  "So, the mighty Crystal Eyes finally gets hurt.  That I should live to see this day!"
"I have been roaming these lands for almost fifty years.  In that time I have been kicked by horses, thrown off them, and punched, kicked, stabbed and shot by the people I encounter.  I am a long way from being invulnerable."  Crystal rubbed at her injured shoulder and winced.  "Never been kicked by my own horse though."
"Let me have a look at that," said Alice, wriggling free of the blanket and walking round the fire to Crystal.  "Take your coat off."
"It's best to do what she says when she has that tone in her voice," said Abby.  "She won't give up before you do."
"Thank you, daughter," said Alice, laughing.  "She's right though.  Now let me have a look at your shoulder."
Reluctantly, and with Alice's help, Crystal gingerly took off the battered leather coat she usually wore.
"Good girl," said Alice in a maternal tone of voice, which elicited a round of laughter.  "Now the shirt."
The laughter stopped as Crystal deftly undid the buttons on the front of her shirt with her working hand and pushed the coarse fabric back over her injured shoulder.
"Woah," exclaimed Drake, averting his eyes as the shirt fell away from Crystal's naked torso.  The other two men followed suit leaving all three of them staring aimlessly at the sky or some distant, deeply engrossing tree.  "Let's not go overboard here!"
"Oh grow up," muttered Alice as she gently probed Crystal's shoulder.  "You've got a nasty bruise back here."  The pale flesh beneath her fingers was smooth but strangely firm.  Looking closer she saw very faint scars, barely noticeable ridges in the otherwise flawless skin.  "Looks like you've been in the wars a few times here."
"I have my share of scars, but most of them fade eventually.   What is wrong with you three?"  She directed her question at the three men who were still assiduously avoiding looking in her direction.
Tarak cleared his throat, a seismic rumble.  "It's just, well, you're all naked and stuff," he replied awkwardly.  Crystal could clearly see he was blushing.
"I'm sure you've all seen something similar in the past."
"Well, yes, but you just don't generally see it so, er, brazenly in front of a group of men."  Tarak's voice cracked as he spoke.
"Why would that make a difference?  Men, women, you're all just human to me.  Ow!"
"Sorry," said Alice.  "I don't think anything's broken but with you it's kind of hard to tell."
Crystal pulled her shirt back on, though Alice had to help her get it back over her shoulder.  "It's okay, you can look now.  Drake, I think your stew's about to boil over."
"What?  Oh shit."

~~~~


Chapter 18: epilogue

The stew had been rescued and eaten and the fire had died down, becoming just a glowing pool of cinders in the darkness.  Around the camp, everyone slept; Tarak and Drake stretched out with the relaxation of long years spent sleeping beneath the stars; Alice, Carl and Abby were lying closely together, sharing warmth and reassurance.
Only Crystal was awake, standing just outside the faint circle of light that still came from the subdued fire and staring out over the night-shrouded landscape.  Her shoulder was aching but it didn’t bother her; she was no stranger to pain.  The numbness in her arm was still there but it had started to fade; the fingers on her right hand could move again, though it would be awhile before they regained their normal dexterity. 
It was strange, spending so long with this disparate group of people.  She hadn’t been part of a close knit group like this since her family had died.  Even in the sanctuary above Martinsdale she had been, in some undefined way, separate; despite the friends she had made, the closeness she had sometime shared, she had always felt as if she stood apart.
She wondered if they would all make it; she hoped so but it wouldn't be easy.  They had a long way to go, fording rivers, traversing narrow trails that hung perilously over sheer drops, and then they would have to find a way through the hordes of Solanists who were sure to be hunting them. 
The future held bleak promises of danger and blood and death, and she would face it in the same implacable way as she had done for the last fifty or so years.
Dawn was coming; the star-speckled indigo sky was growing paler beyond the peaks that towered above her, a faint yellow light reflected in deep, crystalline eyes that stared unblinking into the distance.

~~~~


About the Author

A man rapidly entering middle-age, Allen enjoys writing, reading, photography, gaming and comics.  He has altogether too many woollen jumpers.  This is his first novel.

In between bouts of writing, Allen can be found playing games, playing a guitar, baking bread, reading, drawing, gardening and whatever else has occupied his mind at any particular time. He has heard of the concept of being bored but doesn’t quite understand it…

But he's not alone, oh no, for he has his faithful companion, the mighty Midge - a small, elderly Jack Russell in possession of a bewildering array of strange smells and odd noises.

To find out more, visit: http://allendonnelly.com/
Or follow Allen on the Twitters: http://twitter.com/#!/BigAlien
And Google+

(Allen also promises that he doesn't always refer to himself in the 3rd person, like he's doing now)

~~~~
Bonus Chapter

This chapter was written when I was playing around with different ways of introducing Crystal. Although I came up with a few ideas this was the one that came closest to being used.
I liked the fact that it showed a slightly softer(ish) side to Crystal but, ultimately, I didn’t feel that it really fit in with the flow of the story.
But here it is, evidence that life for Crystal isn’t all guns and riding around on the plains.

Crystal’s Introduction

Carlton stretched out languorously on the thick, feather mattress, a deep glow of satisfaction spreading through his body.  The cool breeze coming through the open window, making the net curtains flutter, felt delicious against the heat of his skin.
He let his gaze drift across to where his companion of the evening was sitting on the edge of the large bed.  Even in the darkness of the room her skin looked as if it were lit by moonlight – pale and white, and the smoothest skin he had ever had the privilege of touching.  Shoulder length black hair stood out starkly against the whiteness of her neck and shoulders.  He could hear the rustle of paper as she counted the money.
He smiled and went back to staring at the ceiling, tracing the cracks in the cheap plaster.  It had been an interesting night’s entertainment.  He had been lounging by the bar when she walked in; a little girl lost, barely more than five feet tall and as slim as a young boy, but dressed like a gunslinger – jeans and a plan shirt beneath a long coat that almost swept the floor.  
He had thought, as she had come up to the bar next to him, that it had all been an act – a little girl playing at being a gunfighter – but there had been something about her that suggested that, just maybe, she wasn’t completely playacting.
She had ordered a neat whisky and knocked it back in a single gulp, and then she had turned to him and made her proposition.
He had looked into the blank, impenetrable black glass of the sunglasses, in which he could see nothing but his own reflection, and thought why not?
There had followed a brief period of negotiation, a bit of haggling, and then they had gone up to a room she had rented from the innkeeper.
Once they were in the room, and he had turned the oil-lamps down to a suitably romantic level, she had quickly begun to remove her clothing, laying the gunbelt, coat and everything else on the simple wooden chair that sat in the corner of the room.
He had walked up behind her and gently placed his hands on her naked shoulders, apologising as he did so for the roughness of his skin (though, in truth, his hands were very smooth and the skin soft and un-calloused).  But it was her skin that had been the surprise.  It was so cold, almost icy, to the touch and as smooth as polished marble.  There was also a firmness to it that was definitely out of the ordinary and it was so pale that it almost glowed, even in the low light of the room.
He had turned her round to face him.  There was a brief moment of resistance, as if he was trying to move something incredibly heavy, but the moment passed and he found himself looking once again into the lenses of her sunglasses.
“Do you really need those?” he had asked, raising a hand to remove them.
“I thought you might find it unsettling,” she had replied.
He had laughed and taken off the sunglasses.  Her eyes had stayed closed for a second, but when they opened!  He searched his mind, trying to remember exactly what he had thought, or said.  He had thought for a brief moment that she had no eyes at all, that there were just empty holes looking up at him.  And then, just as he had been beginning to recoil in horror, something had glinted; a tiny pinprick of light, almost lost in the darkness.  Carlton moved slightly to his left, allowing the light from the lamp behind him to shine directly on to her face.
Twin crystals had stared back at him, opaque and almost black, but with a green, opalescent lustre to them.  And they were deep, so deep, and he had been convinced that he could see tiny little starbursts of light shining in their depths.  It was as if the night sky had been condensed down into these two perfect orbs.  He had no idea how long he had spent staring into them; time had lost all meaning and nothing else had seemed to matter other than falling further and further into this gleaming abyss.
After what could have been seconds or years she replaced the sunglasses over her eyes, and Carlton had managed to drag his mind back from wherever it had been wandering.
“Oh my god,” he had whispered, taking a step back.  “You…you’re Crystal Eyes.”
He had never really believed the stories that his father had told him when he was a boy.  Tales of the devilish Crystal Eyes; a demon gunslinger, perhaps even the devil himself in disguise, who roamed the badlands, bent on destruction.  That had been fifteen years ago, and his father said that it had been at least thirty years since he had first heard the stories.  Even then she had been nothing more than a legend, but since then she had become a myth, a tale told to frighten young children, which no one really believed.  Every now and then you got fresh stories circulating, people claiming to have seen or met her, and the Solanists were still offering a healthy bounty for her, dead or alive.  It was attractive enough to send a steady stream of people into the badlands looking for her.
Even now, even after a couple of hours spent in bed with her, he still wasn’t sure he believed it.  The bounty, however…well, that was another matter entirely.  It was an awful lot of money.
He stared at the smooth, flawless skin of her back.  The stories had made her out to be an unstoppable killing machine, a terrifying monster, seven feet tall, who shot fire from her eyes and would eat your soul.  If he’d had to imagine what she might look like he certainly wouldn’t have gone for this short, lean woman who came across as being more sad and lonely than unstoppable and deadly.  What was it she had said after the second time, when he had asked her why she had come to him?  “I just wanted to feel some warmth.”  That was it; there had been an ache in her usually flat and emotionless voice when she said it too.
It wouldn’t do to underestimate her though – she was stronger and heavier than she looked.  He’d found that out during the lovemaking when he sat up and tried to lift her upright with him.  She hadn’t moved an inch, and he could still feel a twinge in his back.  And she had also, at one point, lifted him up without the slightest indication that it was any effort for her at all.
Her eyes were, admittedly, very impressive, but he had yet to witness any fire getting spat out.
As he thought, he idly let his hand slide slowly down between the bed’s headboard and the mattress and curled his fingers around the hilt of his knife.  It was six inches long, with a vicious point and a sharp serrated edge – even if she was strong and heavy it wouldn’t matter to a blade like that.
She looked so forlorn, perched on the edge of the bed, which was making some worrying creaking sounds whenever she shifted her weight. 
He reached out his free hand and tenderly stroked the smooth skin of her arm.
“Are you okay?” he asked, sounding as concerned and genuine as he could.  “You look miserable.”
“I’m okay,” she replied after a moment’s pause.  “It’s just that the warmth fades so quickly; I just can’t seem to hand on to it.”  Carlton thought she’d stopped speaking, but just as he was about to say something she started again.  “I’d just like to be able to spend some time with people and not have to end up killing them.”  She reached back a hand, a small wad of money held between her slender fingers.  Carlton took it and counted it with a practiced eye; not a bad haul for a pleasurable night’s work, but he wanted more.
“Why do you always end up having to kill people?” asked Carlton, hoping his voice didn’t betray what he was thinking.  He put the money on to the bedside table
“Because they end up afraid of me, or because they get greedy.”  She barked a laugh, short and bitter.  “Sometimes it feels like the stories are true, that death does follow me around.”
“Couldn’t you just, you know, not kill people?”  The hilt of the knife was settled comfortably in his hand.  Any moment now…
“They don’t often give me a choice,” said Crystal.  “There always seems to be someone who thinks they’re good enough, or who thinks they can catch me by surprise.”
“And they’re never right?”
Crystal shook her head, making her thick hair sway gently across her shoulders.  “Never.”  The single word was spoken with flat certainty, and Carlton found himself experiencing a moment of doubt.  Then he reassured himself that there was no way she’d see this coming.  He could almost feel the money in his hands.
“Well don’t you worry,” he said soothingly.  “You’re safe here.”  His arm tensed.
“Yes,” said Crystal, and her voice was tinged with sadness and regret.  “Yes I am.”
Carlton smiled and drove the knife towards the smooth, unprotected skin of her back with all of his might.

Crystal stared out of the window, the sadness and loneliness fading to nothing as her emotions retreated.  The walls she constantly held in place, except when, like tonight, she felt a need to open up, at least a little, to another living creature, rose back up, strong and impregnable.  She was Crystal again, cold, emotionless and deadly.  If there was any regret it was well hidden.
The night outside was dark, the moon no more than a thin crescent, but she could easily see the rooftops of the other houses in the dead end border town of Jaynestown; an unlikely clustering of houses, shops and bars nestling in the scrubland between the badlands and the so-called civilised world.  There had been nothing but a spring here once – she remembered stopping to water her horse and refill her canteen – but the next time she’d passed that way a shack had appeared.  Some ten years after that she had ridden over the hill and seen the small town that would become Jaynestown (named after a famous thief, according to the stories anyway).
She looked over her shoulder at Carlton.  His face still had the same confidant smile it had worn earlier; only the angle of the head and the bruises, roughly the same size as Crystal’s fingertips, appearing on his jaw suggested that something had changed.  The eyes stared at her accusingly, but she didn’t care.  He was just another greedy fool who couldn’t see a warning unless you stapled it to his eyes.
She stood, dismissing the rapidly cooling body without a second thought, and started going through his pockets, but there was nothing much to find there – some cash, not much, and a badly maintained pistol that didn’t look as if it would fire.  The bullets were also the wrong size for her pistols.  She retrieved the money from the bedside table.
Dressing quickly but unhurriedly, she pocketed the money she’d found and stowed Carlton’s knife away in her pack – no point letting a good blade go to waste.
She opened the door, letting the bright, cheery light from the landing spill into the room.  The edge of the light fell on one of Carlton’s outstretched hands.
“They never learn,” she muttered, with a last glance at Carlton’s body, and then she walked out of the room, closing the door behind her.
