Cull

Zhané White


Copyright

Copyright 2012 - Zahra Brown (pseudonym: 'Zhané White')

All rights reserved.

License Notes

This eBook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This book may not be re-sold, or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you are reading this book and you did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return it and purchase your own copy. 
Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.

This is a work of fiction. All characters and events portrayed in this book are fictional, and any resemblance to real people or incidents is purely coincidental.

www.zhanewhite.com

Image: ixpert/Shutterstock.com


CONTENTS

Your Story
Damon Janesh
Leo McGregor
Ivory King
The Death Penalty
Homecoming
Cull
Too Late
The Fittest
I Tried
Dear Reader
About the Author
Dedications


This book is written in British English.

****


Your Story

I would like to apologise for killing you.
A long time ago, I made a fatal mistake. I set off a chain of events that destroyed your life. Events that killed everyone you love. Events that stole everything you worked so hard for. Events that will not go down in history. Events that have changed history, forever. Events I will share with you now.
I know what you're thinking: I've heard it all before. You think you know, and you do. However, you don't know the truth. I am here to tell you the truth, the version that was hidden from you until it was too late. Until you were too weak to act, to fight back, but still strong enough to surrender.
You've seen everything from an outside perspective. You've seen the media reports. The headlines. The front page. The chaos online. The madness on your street, outside your front door, in your home.
They thrive on fear. When I explain to you what's been happening, you will still be afraid, if not more so. So what's the point? you ask. The point is that informed fear can be overcome, overpowered. When you know who your demons are, you can face them. Right now, you have no idea what you're facing.
You will know soon enough.
Once again, I'm sorry. I dreamed a monster, but I should have left it in my nightmares. Instead, I tore it from the inner workings of my mind. Awake, I shaped and moulded it, and then showed it to my superiors. I still remember the evil glint in their eyes. A week later, my monster was unleashed onto the world.
It will kill everyone.
Even me.
I deserve it, I know.
I am ready to die.


Damon Janesh

"Demon Janesh," a guy whispered. "My kid can't afford a degree 'cause of him!"
I turned round and headed straight for the man. He walked away but I called him again and again until all eyes were on us. Red-faced and sweating profusely, he turned to face me.
"Excuse me, young man," I said. "Were you speaking to me?"
"No, sir. I was talkin' to Mickey."
I eyed up the guy standing close by, his white cheeks turning pink. I pointed at the floor next to me and he moved over, his eyes focused downwards. Then I circled them both as the workers gathered around us.
"I could have sworn that you mentioned my name."
"No, sir, I was talkin' about Mickey."
"Mickey?" I turned to Mickey, who saluted me when I approached him. "Is your name Janesh too?"
Mickey shook his head.
"Is your name Demon?"
He shook his head again, his hands trembling.
"So who was he talking about?" I clasped the taser gun on my holster. "Should I repeat the question?"
"No, sir!" Mickey gulped. "I...I can't remember who he was talking about, sir."
"Really?" I pulled out the gun. "Really, 788956?"
"Please, sir!" Mickey dropped to his knees and clasped his hands. "I didn't say anything! I agree with all your policies! You're my idol!"
"And what about your friend here?"
"Duncan isn't my friend. Just an acquaintance, sir!" Mickey saluted me again. "There's no friends around here!"
"Why not?"
"Because Cull leads by example. Everything and everyone is disposable." Mickey stood to attention. "Everyone including Duncan, 788955."
"Good, good." I turned back to Duncan. "Any last requests before I terminate you?"
"Please, sir!" It was Duncan's turn to drop to his knees. "If I lose this job, I can't send my kids to school. My son's skipping uni because of last week's ruling. We're struggling as-"
"Any last requests before I terminate you?"
Duncan's head and shoulders drooped.
"Then get out."


"Mister Janesh?" asked the dumpy blue-eyed blonde offering her hand. "Miss J Reed.
"An American...Who are you?"
"Your new secretary."
"Where is the old one?"
"She is on medical leave," she said. "The bomb attack was a bit too much."
"It's permanent."
"No, just temporary."
"No, it is permanent." I took the former secretary's card off the desk and handed it to her replacement. "Put it on. Do not leave it lying around like she did, understand?"
"I wouldn't dream of it!" She pinned the card to her breast and smiled. "How can I help you?"
"How is expenditure?"
Reed took the black folder from the desk and turned to the last page. She skimmed down the figures and stopped at the bottom.
"Savings were going up until August," she said. "Then expenditure rose again."
I thumped the desk and shoved the papers onto the floor. Reed backed away, the folder shaking in her hands. She waited patiently until I got my breath back, and then showed me the figures.
"Where's the leak?" I asked. "Don't show, tell! It's your job! God, that bloody woman didn't say a word! All this time she kept her mouth shut and let...Remember to cancel any injury compensation. She doesn't deserve to be rewarded for her incompetence!"
"Yes, sir." Reed scrawled on the notepad on the desk. "I looked over the figures this morning and saw what a fantastic job you've done thus far. Unfortunately, there is one area left to cut."
"What?"
"The animals."
"But the animal expenses went up, didn't they?"
"Yes, sir. A small dog licence now costs five hundred pounds, a healthy rise from the three hundred this time last year."
"The insurance?"
"One thousand per year. There was a low uptake rate until the veterinarians agreed to raise their fees. A routine health check-up was priced at fifty pounds last month. Coupled with the January rise in VAT, it now costs one and fifty pounds. They may throw in some extra test or two. So far, there are many complaints."
"Who cares," I said. "Britons love to complain. Trust me. They won't do a thing about it."
"Britons do love their dogs!" Reed poured herself a glass of water and I wagged my finger. "Sir?"
"Do not drink on the job."
"I just need a brief break, sir. I have worked since 8am."
"I cut the breaks! Why take an hour off when you could leave work an hour early?"
"Yes..."
Reed put the glass down and took the notepad and pen from the desk. I paced up and down, muttering to myself. Suddenly I spun round and thumped my fist on the desk.
"It's time," I said. "No more pissing about!"
"What do you mean, sir?"
"These morons keep breeding the bloody things! The prices have gone up and up but these morons still breed the animals like they're on the verge of extinction. What do we really need dogs for? They could die out and it wouldn't make a difference."
"I agree, sir."
"Do you really?"
Reed nodded slowly and smiled.
"Your loyalty will be tested," I said. "Are you ready?"
"Just say the word!"
"Good girl."


After Cull's announcement, the media was silent. No one expected it. This was a good thing because it meant the press couldn't speak out right away. They'd prepared false reports and wrong headlines that needed to be trashed. While they were readying their stance, I sought out the public's reaction.
"Reed, turn on the television!"
"Yes, sir!"
She scurried over to me and took the remote control lying on the desk. She turned on the television and then slipped the remote into my hand before stepping back.
I didn’t have a favourite station - television just isn't the same when you control the media - so I picked the channel with the hottest news reporter. Her natural blonde ponytail, perky breasts, and supermodel legs were the perfect start to a cold, rainy Monday morning.
The new legislation was on every major station. The reporters were still on the fence, so they let the public do the talking.
"It's madness," a woman cried to the reporter. "They're not taking my Jessie away! I won't let them."
The camera flashed to a grubby man sitting by a store entrance. He flashed his yellow teeth at the camera and stood up to speak into the microphone.
"What do you think of Cull's recent legislation?" the reporter asked.
"It's crazy, innit?" The man wiped his snotty nose on his sleeve. "My dog's the only friend I got out here. No one cares but him."
"Cull's latest act will get Royal Assent by 12am. Do you understand what this means for your pet?"
The man patted his knee and an Alsatian rushed over. It licked his dirty fingers and rolled over. The man rubbed the dog's stomach and then stuffed a treat into its mouth. The camera zoomed in on the dog panting, its tail wagging.
"No one's taking my boy," the man said. "He's mine and that's final."
The camera cut to a little girl playing with a kitten in her front garden. Her mother carried the kitten over with her daughter following behind. The reporter stroked the cat and thrust the microphone into the girl's freckled face.
"Have you heard about the new law?"
The girl nodded.
"This means they'll take away your little kitty." The camera zoomed in on the girl's teary eyes. "Does that make you feel sad?"
The girl burst into tears. Her mother put the cat down and grabbed the microphone. The camera followed the little girl running back into the house before it returned to the mother angrily tapping her foot.
"Those Cull bastards have gone too far!" she spat. "All these cuts are killing us! My daughter ain't at school because the head can't afford the teachers. My boy graduated with a first class degree in Law, but he can't find work because Cull cut business funding, which cut all the bloody jobs! I want those Cull bastards to stop screwing Britain over! We ain't giving in to their demands. We ain't moving out of town so those rich plonkers can swan in. Oh, and we definitely ain't killing our pets! I paid damn good money for that friggin' cat!"
"Turn it off," I said, tired of the constant moaning. "Wasn't anyone on our side?"
"...No." Reed sighed heavily and flicked through the channels. "No one."
Every station had angry citizens bashing my policies. The media was neutral, for now, just waiting to confirm whether the tide would turn.
Now I had to make sure it did.
"Reed, call Miss Ivory King."
"Who, sir?"
"She is Chief Executioner. Tell her I need her services immediately."
Reed picked up the phone and flicked through the phone book.
"What if she's busy?" she asked.
"I don't care," I said. "If she doesn't come now, she's fired."


Ivory King strode into my office and sat opposite me, and crossed her slender tanned legs. She offered me a stick of gum but I declined. I hated chewing like a goat at the office. She placed a stick on her tongue and slowly rolled it into her mouth. I shifted uncomfortably and she laughed.
"How can I help you, Mister Janesh?"
"Time to act."
"What should I execute?"
"Nothing major this time. I need some dead animals."
Ivory smiled.
"I heard about Cull's latest order. Must I kill my lovely cat?"
"You know it's just for the masses," I said. "Just keep her indoors and no one will be any wiser."
"So what's this about dead animals, then?" she asked. "I can bring some hunted carcasses but-"
"No, I need dead pets. I need you to kill them."
Ivory nodded slowly.
"I need some today."
"It will be done tonight," she said. "It will make a lovely headline tomorrow morning when the Leaks have worked their magic."
"What's the plan?" Reed asked.
"Doesn't she know protocol?" Ivory snapped.
"We never discuss business matters in detail," I said. "We make a request and it is granted. That is all. How it was granted is none of our business."
"Yes, sir!"
Reed stepped behind me again.
"Which animals would you prefer?" Ivory asked.
"Dogs and cats. The epitome of domestication."
"Do you want to write this down?" Reed asked.
Ivory rose from the chair and planted a kiss on my cheek. I felt my groin burning as she walked away, swinging her hips from side to side. At the door, she turned back and frowned at Reed.
"Darling, everything is right up here." Ivory tapped her head. "I do not need an assistant."
"Sorry, I just-"
Ivory slammed the door shut and her high heels faded from earshot. I swivelled round to Reed and exhaled.
"What happens next?" she asked.
"We wait."


I rushed into the office and closed the door behind me. Reed was waiting by the television, the remote in hand. She greeted me and I snatched the remote. Quickly I flipped through the stations, and clapped merrily at the main headlines.
"Another dangerous dog strikes again!" I cried. "This time it's a friendly Yorkshire terrier. It took a piece out a man's leg. Great news!"
"Great news?"
"I mean, of course it's sad for him, but great news for us. Look what else happened!"
The reports showed home video footage of a pink poodle, its mouth frothing with yellow foam. Its bloodshot eyes bulged like they would pop, and it clawed at the cage until its paws bled. The reporter edged closer until the dog pound worker raised his hand.
"Good morning, Phillip," the reporter said. "I am here with Bunny, the seemingly innocent poodle who turned on her owners late last night.
"Bunny's owners left her sleeping on the patio and went to bed. Once upstairs, the garden lights came on and they spotted an orange figure leaping into the bushes. Suspecting the local foxes, they came downstairs to check on Bunny.
"Bunny lay on the floor and began to froth at the mouth. She started to convulse and then lunged for the couple. The husband, Gregory Adams, smacked Bunny away and pulled his wife, Alicia, into the kitchen. They immediately called the dog pound, who will put down Bunny when she has been given a thorough check-up. They hope to identify Bunny's sudden illness."
"Do they have any idea what caused this attack?" Phillip asked from the newsroom.
"The Adams claim Bunny was, and I quote, 'a lovely dog with a big heart. We have raised her since she was a puppy. She will be sorely missed.' A source says the Adams recently lost their daughter in a car crash, but the couple refuse to comment on this."
"Any updates on the other dog attacks?"
"The internet is buzzing with tales of vicious dogs and cats across Britain. One particularly gruesome story says a woman's nose was bit off by her cat. None of these stories have been verified as of yet, but my sources say these incidents were reported by reliable parties."
"Turn it off," I ordered.
I reclined back and placed my feet on the desk. I pictured panic spreading across Britain as pet owners rushed their pets to the vet. Some fools would pay out thousands of pounds for treatment. The rest would be too poor and have no choice but to let their babies go. When we had them, the animals would be doomed.
"Are we really going to kill their pets?" Reed asked. "It seems a bit extreme."
"We must make room," I said. "Anything unnecessary must go."
"So all animals must die?"
"Don't be stupid!" I rolled my eyes and she quickly apologised. "Just useless animals. Anything  we eat or wear can remain. Anything else must go. We don't have room for them anymore."
I felt freer knowing Britain, and soon Europe, was clearing itself of the clutter. Reed looked on as if I was crazy, but I didn't care. This was just the beginning.
If the animal cull worked, the human cull would too.


It started hundreds of years ago.
First, the world was there for the taking. We had so much land, and so much opportunity. There were jobs for all, food for all, shelter for all. The American Dream was everyone's. Just do your studies and take your skills into the real world. Not easy, but not as hard as it was today.
Now all the land was under ownership. The properties were either filled to the brim by poor beggars or sitting empty on the richest streets in the world. No one had anywhere to go. Jobs were the same. The wealthy saved the best jobs for the elite. The rest of them got the scraps. Soon there were no scraps. There was nothing left but a bare bone. Of course food went the same way. The developing world were forever on their knees begging and pleading and dying.
We tried charity. We tried communism. We tried everything but nothing was working. Resources were running low and the population was running high.
Someone had to go.


Culling people seems like a massive jump from killing animals. It is a huge leap, but all this requires is a seamless transition. The only way the public will allow such a thing is by distraction. It happens all the time, and it works like a charm.
Distraction used to be enough, but then the wide awake caught on. They realised the distraction was diverting attention away from something major. Everyone looked one way while chaos happened the other.
To fight this problem, we decided to combine distractions with sacrifices. When people get angry at one issue, throw a particular group under the bus. Those unlucky souls bear the brunt of that anger.
Let me demonstrate.


"Ivory, nice to see you."
I went to my desk and she sat opposite, crossing her legs before I caught a glimpse. I offered her a glass of water, but she shook her head and offered a stick of gum. I declined.
"Did you like it?" she asked. "They think it's another case of Foot and Mouth. All those pets going crazy like that."
"I particularly liked the fox episode. All those country pests spreading the disease overnight." I laughed hard. "Did you see the British farmer boycott? The fools blamed the farmers for driving the foxes into the city. The way they're acting, you'd think the bloody pets were their kids!"
"We'll calm relations soon..."
"Don't."
Ivory stopped chewing.
"Let things simmer," I said. "Let them hate each other a little longer..."
"What do you have planned?" She leaned in closer. "Go on. Tell me."
"No," I snapped. "This is between Cull and the Leaks."
"Fine, then!"
Ivory grabbed her handbag and stormed out.
I swivelled round to Reed and she scuttled over.
"Call Mister Leonardo McGregor," I said. "Tell him the Leaks have another job on their hands."
"Is this the second stage you were talking about?"
"Yes, the next step before Cull's biggest act begins." I poured the glass of water into the jug. "Reed, if you plan on leaving like the last one, do it now. Once the third stage begins, you cannot leave."
"...What do you mean?"
I stood up and stared down at her. She gulped and backed away slightly, her eyes falling to the floor.
"I am not threatening you," I said. "I'm just saying."
"I understand."
"You know those government conspiracies the loonies spread?"
She nodded.
"They're wrong....but they're so close it's sickening." I placed my hands on her shoulders and squeezed until she flinched. "Don't be a statistic. Don't be another corpse on the heap. Think long and hard before you come in to work next week."
Reed gave a sheepish smile and gently wriggled free from my grip. She took a pile of folders from my desk and excused herself. She hurried out the room, keeping her eyes to the floor.
"See you tomorrow," I said.
Reed mumbled a goodbye.


I am the brains behind the entire operation. Yes, that includes everything happening right now. The misery, the pain, the death. It's all my fault. Before you get angry...angrier, remember that I intend to finish what I have started. I will save us, if you let me.
Anyway, Cull is the centre of the operation. We brainstorm hundreds of ideas and choose the most and least controversial. The most controversial are the most effective, so they will happen. The least controversial is for the pussies.
Before we bring in the toughest changes, we throw in some minor ones. While the stupidest members of society argue over minor changes, we sneak in major ones. You would not believe how many laws have changed right under your nose. You might have heard about it, read about it, been told about it, but what did you do? Nothing! Good.
It's not that you're stupid. Of course not...You just had no idea what was happening until it was too late. Every government brings another change to crush you further, and soon you're overwhelmed by so much you have no idea where to start. Then you argue over which issue is major and which one is minor. More arguments mean more distraction time.
This is why I urge you not to kill me. More fighting makes them happier.
Don't let them win.


With an important job like this, there's no point in taking stupid risks. Focus on the usual suspects. In Cull, people have to keep quiet or our plans spread online in minutes. In Execution, they must be silent and invisible. They get in, execute, and get out. Sometimes even their fellow members have no idea they were involved. On the other hand, the Leaks must be visible, normal. They must blend in with the crowd. They are the people you see at the bus stop, and chat with before your next ride. They are the impatient few in the queue at the store, the nice ones who start a brief conversation. They are the new parents at school who know everyone, their children equally popular.
The Leaks have an important job to do. Some might say they're the most important chain in events. Cull could think of the most brilliant plan, and the Executioners could work their usual magic, but without a rock hard bridge between the two the public would fight back....Like you will now.
The Leaks have three stages: the problem, the majority's solution, and finally the minority's solution. I will demonstrate all three. Each stage usually lasts from one to three months.
I wasn't there when the Leaks began the second stage before the human cull. However, I heard enough to speculate on what happened.
Here is my version of events.


Leo McGregor

Leo McGregor slipped on the suit and snuck into the office at lunch time. He sat at a desk and typed away on the computer, his eyes skimming the crowded room. His mind marked the prime targets who would unknowingly aid the Leaks' cause.
The most powerful group: gossip lovers. By the water cooler were a group of women gossiping over a glossy magazine. They pointed at the celebrities strutting their stuff on the beach, a blonde, orange-coloured woman flashing a smile at the photographers. This was the perfect group to spread the word. A few words with them and the latest news would flood the entire office building within the hour.
The back-up plan? The quiet ones. They say little, but when they do it's worth waiting for. They say little in person but talk for England online. They browse many websites - forums and blogs - and find themselves in every conversation. With no inhibitions, they can speak their minds without fear of being judged. After a day spent bottling up their true thoughts and feelings, they can let loose online and with loved ones at home. Target them early so they have time to spread the news the only way they know how.
Leo hurried over to the gossipers before they returned to work. He filled a plastic cup with water and gulped it down, eyeing up the woman beside him. She tucked her reddish hair behind her ear and edged closer, her wide hip brushing against his.
"You new?" she asked, and licked her lips. "I can take care of you."
"I go by Leonardo, but gorgeous women like you can call me whatever you like."
The woman blushed and giggled, her friends rolling their eyes.
"My name is Samantha, but you can call me Sam." Sam pulled Leo away from the others before they could introduce themselves. "So, Leo, I haven't seen you around here. I'd remember someone so handsome."
Leo blew her a kiss, making Sam's face turn pink. She looked him up and down and then took out her mobile. She pressed a few buttons and thrust the phone into his hand.
"Your number," she said. "I want it."
Leo entered his number and took a picture. He saved the photo under his number and handed the phone back. He glanced over Sam's shoulder and saw her friends watching.
"Have you heard the latest?" he asked.
"Yeah, Sissy is dating Juno! Their reps denied it but, well, you know."
"No, not that." Leo led her away from the others, and glanced over his shoulder to make sure they were still watching. "Have you heard the latest real news?"
Sam shook her head.
"Well, I heard that...Never mind. It can't be true!"
"Let me be the judge of that!" Sam sat him down at her desk and edged closer on her seat. "Go on! Say it!"
"Don't tell anyone, but..."
Leo waited for the quietest worker to take his seat. The young man sat at the opposite desk and scrawled some notes on his notepad and then shuffled some papers. His eyes shifted upwards and met with Leo's before returning to his work.
"Don't say anything to anyone, all right?" Leo said quietly. "This is just between you and me."
Sam looked over at the quiet guy, who gave a nervous smile before looking away.
"What about him?" she said. "We'd better move."
"He won't say anything, right?" Leo offered his hand to the quiet guy. "I'm Leo."
"Hanh," was the mumbled reply.
"Come sit with us," Leo said.
Hanh hurried round the desk and Sam reluctantly made space for him on her seat.
"You ready?" Leo asked. "Remember, this is just between the three of us."
"Yes," Hanh said, his sweaty hands trembling with excitement.
"I won't tell a soul," Sam whispered, her fingers crossed behind her back. "I promise."
"My sister works at Cull. She's a consultant there, you know, the people who come up with the crappy ideas-"
"Like cutting the hospital budgets again," Hanh said.
"Exactly! Well, recently some new guy came up with the craptastic idea to...solve our overpopulation problem."
"There's space for everyone," Hanh whispered. "Not all foreigners are bad. My parents came over from China and did very well for themselves. No benefits, nothing!"
"See, but Cull doesn't get that." Leo shook his head. "Still, you can't deny that Britain is overcrowded."
"Too right!" Sam cried. "Why do you think I'm here? I didn't do years of project management training to end up back in admin. Those bloody foreigners took the jobs!"
Hanh rolled his eyes and crossed his arms. He looked over at his desk, so Leo shifted his seat closer to him. He placed his hand on Hanh's shoulder and gently pulled him closer.
"Hanh, don't get mad, all right? She's not racist!"
"I know, I know."
"You do get what she's saying, right? Your parents came over with nothing and made something. All that hard work and for what? Where is their business now? Why aren't you there instead of here?"
Hanh's shoulders drooped and he bit his lip. He shrugged and looked away.
"Because there isn't enough money to go around. The bankers keep the money for themselves and won't loan out anymore. How can you run a business without money?"
"They tried to save it," Hanh said. "We had to let it go or lose the house."
"If there were fewer people, the banks would have less money to pay out. Instead your parents had to compete with so many people for the same cash. Someone had to lose out."
Hanh and Sam nodded.
"Close the borders," Sam said. "I don't mind hard, skilled workers like Ham-"
"Hanh!" he grumbled.
"Yeah, whatever. I don't mind people like him, but everyone else should be restricted."
"The government tried that," Leo said. "Clearly it didn't work."
"So what does Cull have planned, then?" Hanh asked.
"Remember, you didn't hear this from me." The trio leaned in. "They want to discourage births."
Sam laughed while Hanh shook his head in disbelief.
"That's not so bad," Hanh said. "I can't imagine how they would do it..."
"It's Cull," Leo whispered, "what do you think?"
Sam stopped laughing.
"They had lots of ideas. It started years ago when they made childcare more expensive."
"Tell me about it!" Sam said. "My kids cost a thousand a month for that bloody nursery. Of course, it'd help if their so-called father helped out more..."
"How many kids do you have?" Hanh asked.
"Six."
"See," Leo said. "It didn't work. Cull had to go further...They had to go all the way!"
"It's bad, isn't it?" Hanh whispered.
"Oh, they'll just charge us more for childcare. They do it anyway!"
"Actually, they'll charge less," Leo said. He sat back and watched the smile creep across Sam's face. "That is, they'll tax less...for childless couples."
Sam cursed and Hanh chuckled.
"Singletons will get huge tax breaks! I heard the government will knock one per cent off their tax for every year they go childless. The infertile will make a killing!"
"Typical," Sam said, shaking her head. "That's not fair!"
She turned to Hanh, who was smiling broadly. He shrugged and said, "It sounds all right to me. Married couples get tax breaks, so why not us? I shouldn't get punished for not having a girl-"
Sam sniggered and Hanh blushed.
"There's more," Leo said. "To afford the tax breaks for the singletons and childless, they're charging others more....Much more."
"How much more per kid?"
"They'll bump up the price of IVF, reduce the money paid to fosterers and people who adopt. I heard IVF might cost at least twenty to thirty thousand per attempt."
"Sh-" Sam clamped her hands over her mouth. "Damn!"
"That's not fair on the poor," Hanh said. "Even with the health service, how can people who don't qualify afford that?"
"They can't. The point is to put them off. With foster payouts going down, they can't do that either. Any infertile, homosexual, etcetera people have to go without. They said it'll save millions spent on test tube babies and turkey basters."
Sam looked past Leo at the picture on her desk. She took the photograph and held it close to her chest, tears in her eyes.
"I can't imagine not having my boys. Everyone deserves the right to have kids. Everyone."
"Well, maybe it's for the best," Leo said. "With the school limits coming in, most won't get an education anyway."
"What?" Sam cried.
"Not only are they limiting the number of university places, they might-"
"Will," Sam snapped.
"They will limit college and school places too. They say smaller class sizes will make sure every student gets a fair chance, or some crap like that. Anyway, I hope your boys make it before the limit comes in or you might have to choose who gets educated and who doesn't."
"Over my dead body!" Sam slammed the picture down. "Who the hell does Cull think they are? Wasn't last month's bomb scare enough of warning? People are fed up, damn it! We won't stand for this!"
"I can understand restricting entry into Britain," Hanh said. "However, restricting the British population is one step too far. We have paid our taxes and deserve better treatment. Samantha is right. We won't take this lying down!"
Leo returned to his desk and typed gibberish into the computer document. Out the corner of his eye, he spotted Sam gathering her friends by the water cooler. Minutes later, their faces were pale and then turned red, their fists crushing the cups in their grasp. They dumped the cups in the bin and returned to their desks, stabbing the keyboards with their fingers.
Leo picked up the phone and dialled his superior.
"Hello?" I said.
"It's me, Leo. Stages one and two have commenced. Enjoy."


Leo McGregor snuck into the bustling hall and pushed his way to the front. Behind the podium was a black bearded man with cue cards. He placed the cards on the podium and tapped the microphone until he had everyone's attention.
"We're meeting today to discuss Cull's latest order," the man said. "They're trying to stop people from having kids or raising the one's we have. What are we gonna do about it?"
The hall buzzed with various suggestions, but everyone was drowned out by everyone. The speaker tapped the microphone so silence returned. He pointed at an old black woman at the back, so she shakily rose to her feet and someone held a microphone to her mouth.
"A petition," she said. "My grandson says we can start one on the internet for free. He drafted something with his friends, so we can go over it."
"Well done, Missus Greeves. Leave the document with me when we are finished...Any objections or other suggestions?"
Leo stood behind the others, quickly scanning the crowd. He spotted a chubby man tapping his foot, frowning in Missus Greeves' direction. Leo pushed his way over and stood behind the seated man.
"Not good enough, is it?" Leo whispered in his ear.
"Tell me about it!" The men introduced themselves and shook hands. "The old bat wants to sign a worthless piece of paper. The establishment doesn't listen to that crap!"
Jenkins dabbed his flushed face with a handkerchief until his skin's peach tone returned. After a deep breath, he apologised to Leo.
"We need to make a statement," Leo said. "A stupid petition is too easy to ignore!"
"Yeah, a statement." Jenkins shrugged. "But how?"
"I've never heard of any petition making the news..."
"Demonstrations do!"
Leo patted Jenkins on the back and they looked over at the speaker, who was flipping through his cue cards.
"I'll just tell everyone," Leo said, "even though it was your great idea."
"Now hold on a minute! It was my idea!"
Jenkins waved at the speaker and then stood up, nudging Leo out the way. Leo stepped into the background and looked over the crowd, his eyes stopping on a group of five teenage boys at the back. They pointed at Missus Greeves and sniggered. While Jenkins introduced himself, Leo made his way over to the boys.
"I say we hold a demonstration! We'll join forces with other boroughs and peacefully demonstrate in central London. If we bring London to its knees, the establishment will have no choice but to listen!"
"He's right," a young woman said. "Demonstrations always make the news!"
Others clapped and cheered as Jenkins bowed.
"It must remain peaceful," the speaker said. "Any trouble and we'll play right into the media's hands. Remember, they're not on our side."
People nodded in agreement, except one of the teenage boys who cursed. A woman turned back and whispered harsh words to him, so his friends laughed until the woman shot them a stern look.
"The sooner the better," Jenkins said. "They like to rush these laws! See how fast they cut the defence budget. No wonder our soldiers get bad treatment!"
The speaker took out a diary and scrolled down the first page. His finger stopped over something and he said, "How is next Saturday?"
"That's good for me," Jenkins said. "It'll give time for the police to get ready, and the media build up will be huge!"
"Good, then the date is set." The speaker waited for other suggestions, but no one else spoke up, so he declared the meeting over. "Spread the word across London, across Britain, across Europe. Cull won't get away with this one!"
The attendees filed out of the hall, leaving Leo alone with the teenagers. They wrestled each other to the floor and then stopped when they realised Leo was watching. One of them stood in front of Leo, his hands in his pockets. Leo looked down and saw the boy's hand clasping something solid, and smiled.
"You're tough, huh?" Leo laughed. "We'll see."
"What you talkin' about?"
"The peaceful demonstration. You're going, right?"
"Yeah, maybe. So what? Why do you care?"
"I can see it already. You and the others sitting around some tent, singing songs and holding hands. Typical hippies, or should I say, pussies."
The boy stepped closer to Leo, who laughed again.
"Calm down, man," Leo said. "Save your anger for next Saturday. You'll need it!"
"Why?"
"The police love young boys like you. You're an easy target! They always blame the youngsters at these demos. You go in there all peaceful and come out with battle scars. Mark my words, man. They'll get you, especially your black friend over there."
The black boy strode over and crossed his arms, looking Leo up and down.
"No one's getting me!"
"They will if you're not prepared." Leo looked over his shoulder and then led the boys back to their friends. "Let's kill two birds with one massive stone."
"Keep talking," the first boy said.
"We've got to protect ourselves from the police, yes? But we've also got to get our cause media attention. They don't like peaceful demonstrations. The press wants something a little more exciting..."


Ivory King

A woman was thrown to the ground and handcuffs were slapped onto her wrists. She kicked out and her foot knocked the policeman's helmet off. He cursed and backed away, slipping his helmet back on. Two other officers dragged the woman, kicking and swearing, into their police van and handcuffed her to the seat.
The officers rushed back outside and pulled out their batons. They knocked down a group of teenagers who were throwing molotovs at them, and then chased down a guy tossing firecrackers at store windows. At the end of the street, one of the officers tasered the man and stood over him as he contorted in agony, tears streaming down his cheeks. He fell still, breathing heavily, and then his eyes rolled to the back of his head.
There was a loud crash and glass rained down on the officers. They stormed into the shop and wrestled the looters grabbing electronics. The officers carted the rioters downstairs and held them until the sixth police van pulled up. The police men threw the rioters into the back of the van and handcuffed them together before they could escape.
A news reporter appeared on the street corner and waved over the camera crew panning over the peaceful demonstrators down the road. She ordered him to wipe out the footage and zoom in on the chaos ahead. The blonde tidied her hair and then counted down to one as the camera panned over the blown out store fronts and blood stained streets.
"Good evening, James. We are here in central London, which is the rioters' base of operations. This morning, the rioters began their march and met here in central London, where they chanted obscenities and threatening messages to the prime minister."
"What happened next, Lydia?" the newsreader asked.
"Complete and utter chaos. The rioters claim the police attacked first, but an eyewitness says otherwise. Understandably, the witness must protect her identity, but she agreed to risk her safety by speaking with us today." The reporter turned to someone off camera. "Madam, can you tell us exactly what you saw?"
"It happened so fast," Ivory said. "I was marching with a few others and then we got stampeded over when the rioters bumrushed the police van. I told them to stop, but they smashed the van windows and went wild."
"Were you injured?"
"Yeah, my arm got broken! The ambulance fixed me up, so thanks to them, and thanks to the police too! Without them, I can't imagine how bad this would be."
"Have you heard about the riots across Europe?"
"Yeah, I read about it online," Ivory said. "I've got friends in France and Belgium who almost got killed when the rioters went mad. I can't believe this happened in a civilised society! No wonder the government want to limit the numbers. If the world breeds mad men like this, I don't see how birth control is such a bad thing!"
"Speaking of the recent Cull rumours, what do you think of the suggested proposals? Do your fellow peaceful protestors have any alternatives to limiting child births?"
"I'm sure the prime minister will think of something," she said. "That's his job, not mine. The public has spoken and the government has heard. They probably won't backtrack, they never do, but they've got to do something! If not, this won't be the last riot...There will be more. Worldwide."


One rioter outran the police and dashed down an alley. He ducked behind a dustbin and watched the police officers run past. They stopped by the roadside and spotted a protestor smashing a bin into a store front. She gave them the middle finger, so they chased her down the street.
The rioter stepped out from behind the bin and reached inside. He took out a plastic bag containing a black tuxedo and a bunch of red roses, and changed from his dirty tracksuit bottoms. He dumped the tracksuit, trainers, and leftover flame throwers into the trash can and hurried out to the street.
The police aimed their pistols at him, so he raised his hands and dropped to his knees. They waved him across the street and ushered him into the police car nearby. He thanked them repeatedly as he fastened his seatbelt.
"You got a lucky escape back there?" the driver said. "You all right, mate?"
"Yes, officer." The man tidied his messy curls and then fastened his bowtie. "I did not plan on such an outing."
"Got stood up?"
"She called to inform me that she had been caught in heavy traffic. I told her to cancel our date so she could return home. It was for the best, you see."
"Of course! The traffic jam is backed up for miles!" The officer pulled away from the kerb and drove down the road. "I'll drop you off away from this crap."
"Actually, I would prefer that you escort me to my workplace. I have the keys to the office."
"You sure?" A troop of protestors raised their placards when they spotted the car, so the officer took a shortcut down a side road. "I'd get outta London if I were you."
"I will catch the next train when it is safe," the man said. "For now, I have some work to do. My project is behind as it is."
"I get it. My brother's the same. He never logs off!"
The man directed the driver deeper into London and they stopped close to King's Cross Station. The man slipped a twenty pound note into the officer's hand. The policeman grinned and shoved the money into his pocket.
"Take care," the officer said, and drove off.
The man crossed the street and entered the train station. He rode the elevator to the top floor and took a seat in a near empty cafe. The waitress appeared and handed him a sealed envelope.
"Some pretty mixed woman left this," the waitress said, steadying the tray on her hand. "She said you're dumped. Sorry, sir."
The man frowned and tore open the envelope as the waitress went to clear the other tables. He read the letter and then tore it apart. He stuffed the pieces into the bin and rushed downstairs to the street. There he waited on the corner, looking out for a pair of slender brown legs.
Someone tapped him on the shoulder, so he spun round. It was a biracial woman with waist-length curly hair. She pecked both his cheeks and then slipped her arms around him, pulling him closer. He forced a smile, struggling because she was squeezing so tight.
"What took you so long?" she asked through gritted teeth. "I've been waiting."
"Sorry, Miss King. I almost got arrested!"
"Mister Jackson, I am tired of your excuses." She grabbed his hand and they strolled down the street. "Do you understand what being an Executioner entails? Are you taking your job seriously?"
"Yes, Miss King. I just got caught up in the riot, that's all."
"Do not be late again, do I make myself clear?"
He nodded, so she kissed his lips, lingering long enough for his groin to tingle. He pulled away and reached into his pocket, where his wedding band was waiting. He slipped it onto his finger and she laughed.
"I heard about the rioters striking first," she said. "The shame! Didn't they realise what stirring the police would cause?"
Jackson smiled, the ring tightening around his finger.
"Well, until we meet again...Goodbye, Mister Jackson."
Ivory slipped her arms around his waist and pulled him closer. Her pert breasts rubbed his chest, making his groin ache again. When he pulled away slightly, she pulled him back. She lifted her head and rubbed her lips against his.
"Goodbye," she whispered, and strode away.


I snatched the remote control from Reed and turned up the volume. She apologised and scuttled into her office, closing the door very quietly. I reclined in my seat and turned on the vibrator, sighing happily as the chair massaged my middle-aged aches away.
On screen, the camera panned across the Thames to the Houses of Parliament on the riverside. It was a sunny day, but the hundreds of windows were dark with no signs of life. Slowly the shot moved to Big Ben and zoomed in on the large clock face showing 9am. Then it transitioned to Lydia, who was standing in the park across the street.
"Good morning to everyone at home," she said. "This morning, Prime Minister Richard Seldon will give a speech on Saturday's riots. He will address not only the rioters, but also Cull's latest report on cutting Europe's expenditure."
The news cut to three cameras inside parliament. One showed the opposition taking their seats to the right while the ruling party took their seats on the left. The second camera was fixed on the prime minister's seat at the front with a podium before it. The third camera was on the speaker's chair, which was higher up so he could oversee everyone.
The doors opened and the ministers hurried to their seats. Within ten minutes, the last ministers were seated on the packed rows of worn wooden chairs with the prime minister standing patiently by the podium, sheets of paper before him. He slicked down his wispy grey hair and smiled as the camera panned over the room. The men standing guard closed the heavy, black ironwood doors and turned to face the congregation.
The speaker started proceedings and then the prime minister rose to his feet. The ministers sitting opposite the ruling party jeered when the prime minister spoke, so the speaker demanded order until there was calm.
"Thank you, Mister Speaker. First of all, I would like to offer my condolences to every European who has lost their livelihood since Saturday's riot. I hope we can join forces to help them rebuild their businesses and reclaim their streets."
The ministers applauded and some shouted, "Yay! Yay!"
"Britain appointed me to this position, and I will do all I can to serve the British public." Opposing ministers laughed. "I will not let voters down!"
"You already have!" a woman cried, much to the amusement of the others. The prime minister sneered at her before looking down at his notes.
"During the election campaign, I vowed to listen to voters and always do my best for them. Last week, they spoke and, as promised, I listened. I heard their cries for equality. I heard their desperation. Despite the riots, I admire the unity of the European community."
The prime minister's party applauded while the others shouted their disagreement.
"However, I cannot give in to the demands of the violent minority. Britain, and Europe as a whole, is overpopulated. Due to popular demand, I passed last year's order to restrict entry to Britain to no more than fifty thousand skilled European foreigners per year. Still, the masses in Britain continue to flourish, crippling our free services.
"Cull advised me to start charging for those services! They told us to charge patients for the healthcare they receive for free. They told us to increase the cost of bus and train fares again. They told us to close down libraries, parks, community centres, and town halls. All this to save money!"
The opposing ministers leapt off their seats and barked at the prime minister, so the speaker stood up and threatened to remove anyone causing further disturbances. The ministers mumbled amongst themselves while the prime minister turned to the next sheet. He banged his fist on the podium and pointed straight at the camera.
"Cull, I will never turn on the public! I will never punish the British public for the previous administration's mistakes. I will never target families, homosexuals, the infertile, the poor, and, most importantly, the children."
There was riotous applause from most ministers, except for a few who sat shaking their heads. Even the speaker smiled, nodded his head in agreement until he spotted the camera on him.
"Unfortunately, Britain is overpopulated. Something must be done. Remember our party's motto: spread the pain, share the love. We must suffer and prosper together. If one falls, we must fall together. If one goes without, others must sacrifice.
"I will not punish this generation for their parents' mistakes, but change must come." The prime minister stood taller, his blue eyes on the camera. "From January next year, we will enforce a one child per family policy."
The prime minister kept speaking but his voice was drowned out by the collective gasp, followed by shouts and jeers from ministers on both sides. He glanced at the speaker, who shouted, "Order! Order! Order!"
When the room quietened, the prime minister cleared his throat and pulled the microphone closer. His eyes skimmed over the ministers before shifting back to the camera.
"This must be done," he said. "To help minority groups, particularly the poor and homosexuals, enjoy the sanctity of child rearing, we must all make some sacrifices. By adhering to the one child policy, we can provide each child with the very best."
"That's nonsense," a male minister cried.
"Where are we? China?" a woman shouted.
"Let me finish," the prime minister said. "If we focus on raising one child, that lucky child will have the very best of everything. His or her parents can give their all to that child instead of sharing love and money with many children. The teachers will have smaller classes, so each student will get more attention and intense focus, leading to higher grades as a result. Parents who make a career out of having children cannot continue any longer. By January next year, child benefits will be limited to one child, the youngest. If families need more money, the lower population will mean there are ample opportunities waiting for them."
The ruling party cheered and applauded the prime minister, who turned over to the next page. He waited for the cheers and jeers to quieten before continuing.
"I urge Britain to welcome this new policy. When you have a child, cherish them. Do not take for granted the ability to create life. Remember the minority who struggle to conceive, and be proud that you are helping their cause. The money saved by not supporting your growing family funds their chance to start a family of their own. Your sacrifice means lower taxes for your child, better healthcare for future generations, and ease of cheap transportation across Britain.
"No more overcrowded buses and trains. No more long waiting lists for healthcare. No more struggling to provide for your family. Get ready for a new Britain, where there is room for all. Affordable council housing available for every emergency, and reasonable waiting lists. Treatment for more sicknesses than ever before with the postcode lottery banished. Graduates will walk from education straight into the workforce, without years spent unemployed and inexperienced. This is the Britain we used to know and love. We shall meet again."


"Turn it off!" the group leader shouted into the microphone. "Turn that nonsense off!"
The teenage boy limped over and switched off the television while the others whispered furiously. The speaker tapped the microphone until he had everyone's attention.
"Ladies and gentlemen, we failed," he said. "Cull gets its own way yet again. All we get is another dead teenager who had his whole life ahead of him."
People nodded in agreement and a middle-aged woman sat sobbing at the back, a teenage girl dabbing her teary eyes. Leo sat by the woman and handed her a handkerchief, which she accepted with a smile.
"You chose me as your leader, but I must step down." The speaker lowered his head and released a heavy sigh. "Where do we go from here?"
"Your son was a hero," Leo whispered to the woman. "He didn't die in vain."
"Thank you." She patted his hand and then blew her nose. "It still hurts like hell."
"I said the demonstration was a bad idea," Leo said louder, a few heads turning his way. "Where's Jenkins? It was his brilliant idea!"
The crowed booed when Leo mentioned Jenkins' name. Leo turned back and spotted Jenkins sneaking out the back door, his arm in a sling. The speaker tapped the microphone again until the room was quiet, except for the mother's sobs.
"What do you suggest?" he asked Leo.
"Well, Tom's mother and I were just saying how he didn't die in vain." Leo slipped his hand into hers. "His death pushed the prime minister to backtrack on Cull's plans. If not for Tom and others like him, there would be so many childless couples in the future. At least this way, everyone has the chance to bring life into the world."
"He's right," the girl said. "Tom did good!"
There was a deafening applause and Tom's mother hugged the girl and then Leo. The speaker stepped down from the podium and made his way to the distraught woman. He took her hand and said, "Tom was a brave boy. When others wanted a useless petition, he wanted action. He is a hero, despite how the media portrayed him. You should be proud!"
"No more violence," the mother wept. "No more killing! I don't want to lose another child."
"She's right," Leo said. "We have done all we can."
"I never said-"
Leo pressed his finger to her lips.
"I heard that Cull has bigger plans on the horizon," he continued. "Something major is brewing. If we're busy with the child issue, Cull will sneak in other policies right under our noses."
"He's right," the speaker said. "Missus Greeves suggested the petitions. They are easy, and safe, to do. At least we'll see exactly how much support there really is."
"But petitions don't work!" Leo cried. "Are you sure about this?"
"We never gave them a proper chance. Maybe this time will be different."


Of course, the one child policy effect would take years to make significant changes. With so many people in Europe, we had to not only reduce the future population, but cut down the current one.
Someone had to go. Someone had to die.
I felt no guilt, no shame, no regret. I still don't sympathise with the first victims, if you can call them that. We all have to make sacrifices at some point. Those men and women were about to make theirs, whether they liked it or not...


The Death Penalty

Leo spat out the drink over the desk. Before I could cuss him, Ivory strolled in and sat on the dry patch. Her eyes were blue today. She looked over the wet desk and tossed a tissue into the puddle.
"I cancelled my cruise for this," Ivory said. "I could have been sunning naked on my yacht...Picture that."
I did.
"He's gone mad," Leo hissed. "If you thought the one child thing was bad, wait for this!"
"Do tell." She spread herself across the desk, her exaggerated breathing made her breasts dance before me. "Go on, darling. I'm listening."
I pulled myself closer to the desk to shield my groin from her gaze.
"Bring back the death penalty," I said.
Ivory frowned and sat up. She looked at Leo and he shrugged, shaking his head in disbelief.
"Why?" she asked.
"I say, you do," I reminded her. "Bring back the death penalty."
"Why?" she asked again, taking a seat beside Leo.
"Ivory, I need those prisons cleared by June this year. Do it or find another job."
"You want to kill every prisoner?" Leo gasped. "Every single guy?"
"And girl," Ivory said, a smirk on her face. "Now that's what I'm talking about! Finally, something to cement our legacy. It's about time Cull earned its title."
"Mass murder?"
"You didn't complain when the animals died," I said. "Didn't you kill your goldfishes?"
"Yes, but they were getting old, and expensive! That's completely different from killing people!"
"What about the riot?" I snapped. "You forgotten the hundred corpses lying in morgues across Europe, all because of the rumours you started and riot you caused?"
Leo rested his head in his hands and Ivory laughed.
"Leo, this is for the good of the continent," I said. "There are too many bloody people! Funds are drained faster than they're replaced. You heard the prime minister!"
"I know, but-"
"All the more reason to pay your own way," Ivory said. "Who cares about public transport when you're being chauffeured around? Who cares about long waiting lists when there's private healthcare?"
"It's easy for you to say!" I snapped. "Try getting the best private healthcare on a Cull salary!"
"Don't worry, darling." Ivory reached across the desk and stroked my smooth chin. "She'll get her treatment."
"Who?" Leo asked.
"Never mind!" I said. "Leo, get to work on the masses. Ivory, prepare for the executions."
Ivory and I got up to leave but Leo stayed in his seat, so she left without us. He crossed his arms and muttered something when I passed by. I spun his chair round, grabbed him by the shoulders and shook him until his blond moustache fell off.
"What's the point?" Leo asked. "Two hundred thousand dead is tiny in comparison to the total population."
"Reed, prepare Mister McGregor's letter of resignation."
"Yes, sir." Reed wrote in her notepad. "When will he leave?"
"I'm not going anywhere!" Leo spat. "I've worked damn hard to get this far. You're not getting rid of me that easily!"
"Then get over your conscience and get to work!" I released my grip enough for him to stop wincing. "They warned me you're hot-headed! I was the same at your age."
"Don't bring age into this," he said. "I'm not a bloody baby! I'll be thirty next month."
"Leonardo, now is not the time to piss about. Don't you get it? Don't you know why you were chosen?"
"Because I'm damn good at my job! I get in, ignite chaos, and get out." He wrestled me off and stood tall. "I've competed with people twice my age, twice my level of experience, and still got picked. It didn't take me another twenty years like it did you!"
I laughed in his face, literally. He flinched as if I'd punched him, and then picked up his moustache off the floor. He brushed it off and stuck it above his upper lip, upside down.
"Leo, I'm doing this for your own good."
"Whatever, man."
"You think you were picked for being the best? Sorry, son, but that's not the case."
"So I can't be good enough because I'm half your age?"
"I wasn't picked for being the best either," I said. "You, Ivory, and I were chosen for one reason: to prove a point."
"I don't understand..."
"People said women would be too emotional to handle the Executioners. They said Ivory would crumble when the going got tough."
I took the morning paper off my desk and thrust it into his hands. He looked down at the headline, the picture of a forlorn family on the front page. The mother was surrounded by her children, leaving a gap where their father would have been. The woman was pleading for the government to continue her child benefits, claiming they had supported the family since her husband died.
"How do you feel reading that?" I asked.
"Like hell."
"Don't."
I snatched the newspaper and tossed it into the bin with the others.
"If we backtrack over every sob story, Europe will be on her knees. We must think of the greater good. We must remember the majority."
"What did Ivory say?"
"She said, 'Good work'. She understands the money saved. She understands that coddling people doesn't work. That woman must go out and make ends meet! Other families shouldn't suffer for hers."
"What if that was your family?" he asked. "Would you sacrifice them too?"
"In a heartbeat. Europe comes first, always."
"I guess Ivory feels the same way."
"Without a doubt," I said. "They thought her ovaries would get in the way, but they didn't. I'd say she's tougher than any man I've ever met. She clocks in, does her job, and always leaves her personal thoughts and feelings at home."
I went to the filing cabinet and brought out a thick folder of job candidates. I opened to the first page and showed Leo the positive trend on the graph showing the number of female employees. His eyes traced the sharp female uptake since Ivory's start date five years earlier.
"She was the test rabbit," he said. "So I guess I'm one too."
"They want to see how youngsters fare in a position of power. If you throw a tantrum because the job is getting difficult, it'll be the perfect excuse to keep out other inexperienced candidates."
"Ah, so you're here for the minorities."
"Exactly," I said. "If I mess up, it'll be the perfect excuse for the recruiters to avoid other blacks and even the Asians if they feel like it."
"It's like our own little Cull. Mess up and we're out."
"Next time you want to throw in the towel, remember how many others you're screwing over. You are the minority. Think of the majority."
I turned over his moustache and sent him on his way.
When he left the room, Reed brought over an envelope addressed to me. I turned over the letter and anger surged through me when I saw the broken seal. She backed away slowly with her hands up.
"It was in the box with my mail," she said quickly. "I'm sorry, sir. I only read the first paragraph, I promise!"
"Pay more attention!" I turned away from her and pulled out the handwritten letter. "Leave me."
Reed took a stack of papers into her office and closed the door.
Letters? Who still writes letters? Why not? I say. If one nosy bastard or, in this case, bitch, reads my business then so be it. It is much safer than emails. They are scanned by computers and keywords are tracked. If you trigger a particular alert, you become a target.
Good luck with getting out of that one...
To be honest, it wasn't Reed's 'mistake' that angered me. It was Ivory. Somehow, she had found out about Kezia. Our Irish hideaway had been infiltrated. She wasn't in danger, but they knew about her.
I didn't like that.
I wish I had taken her away. I should have quit my job, left for Africa, and lived out our lives in hiding. I already hide during the day, so why not hide at night too? My parents thought I worked nine to five as an IT administrator. My sister, Danna, thought I was fighting for my job, not demanding another bonus. My brother is dead, so I might see him soon.
When I clocked off that day, I called Cardiff and had Kezia moved to Glasgow. I organised it myself, even though Reed offered to help.
"This is a private matter," I said. "If you want overtime, just ask."
"No, no, sir! I just thought you might need help, that's all."
"Do I seem incapable to you?"
"No, just very busy. If I sort everything out with Kizzy-"
"That's Kezia to you."
"Yes, of course. Sorry, sir. If I sort everything out, you can focus on work." Reed stepped closer and whispered, "Remember what you said: Think of the majority."
"I know what I said!"
"So let me-"
"Back off, Reed, or you'll be unemployed."
"Yes, sir," Reed said. "I'll stay out of it..."


We were in trouble.
The growing threat: conspiracy theorists.
When technology progressed, life behind the scenes became so much easier. It was easier to track people with biometric passports, ID cards, public transport passes, emails, and phone calls. I could log online and access your entire life story right now, including your thoughts and feelings. Life was grand with ear pieces replacing bulky walkie talkies, sleek touchphones pushing out the brick-sized mobiles, and intercepting emails was much easier than busting into the post office.
Unfortunately, technology advanced for the majority too.
Now the conspiracy nuts could infect millions of minds worldwide. Cheaper video software and online video websites meant they could easily spread their so-called research and stupid theories worldwide. Quick and easy access to public domain footage of major events in history meant they could pick apart every historical tragedy and accuse the unexpected of the unexpected. Blogs and online message boards meant they could form communities thriving on fear and stupidity.
So what has this got to do with our latest plans?
After the riots, the conspiracy nuts tore my plan apart. They saw the media's sudden switch from bashing Cull to supporting the prime minister's cuts. They knew about the Leak rumours spreading online, coming out of nowhere. Then they accused some rioters of being planted, but Execution's cover wasn't blown; they blamed the police instead. Lucky for us, the media didn't print those stories, so only the suspicious minorities thought any more of it.
Still, you have to be careful.
To throw everyone off the scent, I decided to disrupt our usual work pattern. This time, the Executioners would act before the Leaks. When I told Leo, he was disappointed.
"Is it because of last week?" he asked. "I won't play up again, I swear!"
"Business is never personal. Ivory goes first this time. End of."
I ended the call and contacted Ivory right away. The phone rang for two minutes straight before she answered.
"What colour?" I asked.
"My panties or my eyes?"
"...Are you busy?" I asked. "Didn't you hear the phone ring a million times?"
"I do not report to you. You have no authority over me."
"Anyway, the Executioners must go first."
"Why?" she asked. "Since when do Executioners go before Leaks?"
"Sorry, darling," I said. "I do not report to you. You have no authority over me."


Jonas dumped the toolbox on the floor and pushed the buzzer. He stuffed a stick of gum into his mouth and worked his jaws until the security guard opened the door. Jonas flashed his security pass and motioned to the van parked by the kerb, a hammer and nail pictured on the side.
"Guten tag! You're the handyman?" the guard asked. "You look different from last time."
"Who'd they send?"
"Bill...No, Max...I don't bloomin' remember, it was two years ago!"
"Yeah, Max is an ass," Jonas said. "No wonder they sent me over! Gotta clean up his friggin' mess...again!"
Jonas grabbed his toolbox and pushed past the guard. He marched past the other guards and stopped at the security gate, where a female officer took his toolbox. She tipped the contents into a plastic box and pushed it through the scanner.
"Step through the metal detector, please," she said.
Jonas walked through and grabbed his toolbox waiting on the other side. He shoved the tools back into the box and followed another security guard to the main corridor.
At the end of the corridor, the guard unlocked the door and ushered Jonas inside.
"The electricity meter's over there, the-"
"I know my way around!"
Jonas dumped the toolbox on the floor and threw open the closest cabinet. Inside lights flashed and endless tubing and wiring led from the control units into the wall behind. At the bottom were frazzled wires poking from a large tube.
"Effin' hell!" Jonas smacked the cabinet door. "Damn it, man! What was he thinking?"
"What's wrong?" the guard asked.
"Let me do my friggin' job!" Jonas went to the door and pointed outside. "Out!"
"But Max let me stay. What's your problem?"
"Yeah, and you see what that distraction caused!" Jonas looked back at the cabinet and cursed. "I don't do distractions! Out!"
"Why're you so eager to get rid of me?" The guard stepped closer to Jonas, who stepped back. "Planning something funny?"
"No..."
Jonas stepped past the guard and opened his toolbox. He took a screwdriver and fiddled around by the wires. When the guard moved closer, Jonas shifted over to block his view. The guard muttered under his breath and left the room.
Minutes later, Jonas peered outside and saw the guard waiting at the end of the corridor. Before he was spotted, Jonas went back inside and closed the door. He pulled out the mobile in his dungarees pocket and called the first person in his phonebook.
"Are you there?" the woman asked.
"I'm about to start," he said. "If you're having second thoughts, speak now!"
"Do it. There's no point in going back now."
Jonas ended the call and took a pair of pliers from the toolbox. He grabbed one of the wires and tugged hard until it came loose. The light above it went out. He slotted the wire into the wrong hole and fastened the screw over it.
"Damn, this is bloody dangerous!"
He took scissors from the box and cut several wires. An alarm went off and he dropped the scissors, backing away from the cabinet. He rushed into the corridor, where he saw two security guards wrestling a prisoner to the floor. Four prison guards rushed to their aid and pinned the prisoner down until a woman arrived with a taser gun. She shot the prisoner and he writhed on the ground.
"Good one, boys," she said, pushing a red button on the wall. The alarm cut off and the guards carted the prisoner away, ignoring the man's agonising cries.
Jonas returned to the room and closed the door. He took a dirty cloth from the toolbox and dabbed his sweaty face, waiting to catch his breath back.
"I've done enough," he said. "I'll come back tomorrow."
When he reached for the cabinet door, sparks flew from within. He ducked as the wires hissed and the smell of burning rubber filled the room. He crawled across the room and turned the door handle, but the door stayed shut. He banged on the door and pressed his ear against it. The alarm sounded, drowning out the commotion outside.
Jonas redialled the caller, but she did not answer. He rushed across the room and opened another cabinet, searching for the cut off switch. Instead there were more wires, a cluster at the bottom severed.
"Someone got here before me," he said. "Why didn't she say anything?"
Out the corner of his eye was a small black cabinet near the floor. He kicked aside the toolbox and tried to open the door, but it was jammed. He took the screwdriver and tried to pry open the door.
"Come on, you prick! Let me in!"
The door creaked before popping open. More sparks flew and the wiring caught fire. Jonas dropped to the floor and placed his hands over his head as sparks rained down on him. Quickly he reached out and flipped the switch.
"Ha ha!" Jonas stood up and brushed the dirt off his body. "Thought you'd got me, didn't ya?"
Someone banged on the door and then threw it open. The security guard shone a torch into the room and yanked Jonas out. He threw him into the corridor, where he was surrounded by guards.
"What?" Jonas asked with a shrug.
"You moron!" The guard grabbed him by the straps and shook him. "What have you done?"
"I had to turn the electricity off. I could've been electrocuted!"
"Lukas, forget him," the female guard said. "We've got bigger problems now!"
"What happened?" Jonas asked.
Lukas shoved him down and stepped over him. The woman led the guards down the dark corridor, where they met another group waiting near the entrance. Jonas joined them, and kept the distance between him and Lukas.
"The cells have opened," the woman said. "The prisoners are loose."
"Oh f-" Jonas threw his hands up. "Sorry! I didn't think!"
"You didn't think that turning off the electricity would be a problem?" The woman turned away from him. "Who hired this ass?"
"I did," Lukas said. "The company has never sent him before."
"Well, tell them we won't be needing their services anymore." The woman looked back at Jonas and cut her eyes. "Anyway, boys, forget him! Time to round up the offenders."
"I'll get the tasers," Lukas said. "You lot try and contact the patrol officers."
"Don't worry, they're tough." The woman patted Lukas on the back. "If any offender tries anything, we'll sort it out later..."
The woman led a group officers away while Lukas stayed behind to direct others.
Before they left, Lukas turned back to Jonas and said, "This isn't the end of it."
"I said I'm sorry! The wires were funny! I was gonna turn everything back on ASAP."
"Yeah, right!"
"What the hell, man? You got something to say, say it or shut up!"
The men stepped closer together, staring each other down. Jonas pulled out the hammer in his pocket and Lukas's fingers slid round the taser gun on his holster.
"The wires were funny when I got there," Jonas said. "You saw them!"
"Did I?" Lukas laughed. "They looked just fine to me."
"What? You saw the state they were in! Only a moron would think they looked right."
"As I said, they looked fine to me." Lukas took out the taser. "A bit untidy, but they worked until you got here."
"For flip's sake, what're you accusing me of?"
The others surrounded Jonas.
"This is a prison break, isn't it?" Lukas said. "Who are you breaking out?"
"Nobody!" Jonas cried. "You've gotta believe me! I came to work."
"So you didn't sabotage the wires?"
Jonas fumbled over his words before shaking his head. The others grabbed him by the arms and held him firmly as he tried to wriggle free. Lukas snatched the hammer and tossed it aside.
"You'll go down for this," Lukas said. "Who put you up to this?"
"No one!"
"Handcuff him to the radiator. We'll come back for him when we're done."
"Okay, okay! My boss put me up to it!"
"Give me her number."
"Her number's in the phone book," Jonas said. "She's at the top of list."
Jonas motioned to his pocket, so Lukas fished the phone out. He fiddled around with it before showing the screen to the others. Jonas gasped when he saw the empty phone book.
"You lying scumbag," Lukas spat. "You've got ten seconds to give me her number or I'll-"
"You'll what?" Jonas laughed. "You can't hurt me! I'll sue!"
"Oh, really?" Lukas leaned in. "I can do whatever I like now there's no one watching."
Jonas looked at the cameras dotted around the corridor, no red lights flashing now. He saw the control room across the hall, blank monitors watched by empty seats. He cursed and it was the guards' turn to laugh.
"We'll sort you out good and proper," Lukas said. "You blame us, we'll blame the offenders. You broke them out and they turned on you. Guess who the courts will believe? The lying, thieving murderers, rapists, and paedos busted out, or the security guards working overtime to protect Germany from scumbags like you!"
"What can I say?" Jonas shrugged. "I don't know it off by heart!"
Lukas took off the handcuffs and the guards dragged Jonas away. The handyman shouted out random numbers all the way to the radiator, where he cursed before falling silent.
"Lukas, I've got an idea," the youngest guard said. "Check the last calls he got."
"Good one!"
Lukas redialled the last call made and stepped away from the others. A woman answered the phone, introducing herself as Marie.
"This is Fynn Lukas. I am calling from Schutz Landshut Gefangnis."
"Guten tag, Lukas."
Lukas covered the mobile and turned back to Jonas.
"What's your name?"
"Jonas."
"Your first name?"
"Tell Marie it's me, Jonas! The man she hired last week! The man she paid extra to sabotage your electrics!"
"Why would she do that?"
"More work, more pay, she said."
"Boys, get the tasers and meet with the others," Lukas said. "I'll sort this nonsense out."
The guards rushed off to the weapons room and then took armfuls of guns down the corridor.
"Marie?"
"Lukas," she said. "The police are on their way. An informant told the media about the prison break."
"Already?"
"Remember, let some murderers and rapists loose. A paedophile would be a nice bonus."
"I know, Marie," Lukas said. "I suspected that he'd lied!"
"I told the truth!" Jonas shouted. "She's the one lying!"
"If the guards suspect anything, kill them."
"Cull ordered that?" he whispered.
"No, that's a direct order from me...Do it."
Lukas ended the call and crushed the phone under his foot. He turned back to Jonas, the handyman trembling as he approached. He pulled out the pistol from under his shirt and pointed it at the man's chest.
"You turned violent," Lukas said. "You came at me, trying to get my taser. I ran to the weapons room and grabbed a pistol, threatening to kill you in self defence. You called my bluff and fired, so I shot you...like this."
Lukas fired into Jonas's chest, and the corpse slumped over as blood spilled from his mouth. The guard removed the handcuffs and clipped them onto his trousers. He stood over the body, a pool of blood sliding towards him.
"One got loose!" the young guard shouted, dashing down the corridor. He stopped by the body and covered his mouth, heaving at the blood covering the floor. "What happened?"
"He said he'd stay calm," Lukas said. "He came at me, trying to get my taser. I ran to the weapons room and grabbed a pistol-"
"Screw him! There's a murderer on the loose!" The young guard reloaded his pistol. "Apparently we've got the right to shoot to kill."
"How many have escaped?"
"At least one hundred," he replied. "The press filmed offenders running across town! They might head for Austria or the Czech Republic!"
"How did the media get involved?"
"I don't know. We'll find out later!" The young guard cocked his gun, keeping his eyes away from the body. "You ready?"
"Don't worry!" Lukas said. "They won't get far."


Cull's Cuts Strike Again...Who Is Really To Blame?

Last month, three thousand prisoners - including one thousand robbers, two hundred rapists, and five serial killers - broke free from Schutz Landshut Gefangnis (Landshut Prison) in East Germany. The police warned citizens to stay home and lock themselves in. The nation was gripped by fear while they waited for each offender to be detained and re-imprisoned.
"It was terrifying," says Marie Dawson, a British exchange student. "I stayed at Halls of Residence with friends, but I've never felt so alone. It was scary every time we opened the door because we didn't know who was knocking. A robber? A rapist? A murderer? It was crazy!"
Dawson is one of thousands sharing their horror stories online. After five weeks of chaos, the country is finally getting back on her feet. Children feel safe enough to walk to school, young women venture out without male friends, and the evening curfews have ended. However, there is one great fear still in Europe's mind: Where are the missing prisoners?
"My kids used to ride to school alone, but I'm not doing that anymore!" says Mrs. Heath, a French mother of five. "Anyone can get across Europe because it's so open. Who knows where those prisoners went? Until the last five hundred are found, I won't relax." When I reminded her that the government announced the missing prisoners were in jail for minor offences like petty theft, Mrs. Heath laughed. "I'm not a conspiracy nut, but I don't trust them," she says. "Of course they wouldn't admit that a paedophile is running across Europe!"
The blame game led back to Schutz Landshut Gefangnis, where prison officers claimed they were under pressure to meet the targets proposed by the government. This quickly led to outrage at Cull, the division in charge of streamlining European operations. They have already cut funding to education, healthcare, and defence. Now organisations like Cull Cull are investigating more of the aftershocks of Cull's culls.
"The prison break is just the start of it," says Sharinda James. "Think of the patients dying because the hospital can't afford the right care. Think of disabled students and slow learners getting left behind because the teachers are under pressure to meet targets before they get fired! Don't get me started on the soldiers lacking equipment..."
Everyone hates Cull. What people seem to ignore is the reason for Cull's existence.
Before Cull, the public was angered by the country's expenditure. The government ministers spent millions on themselves under the guise of expenses, institutions charged more for public services because of inflation, and the country edged deeper and deeper into serious debt.
The election was looming, so the government acted before another party had the chance. They joined forces with governments across Europe to form Cull, the special division meant to streamline our services by removing the dead weight.
Contrary to popular belief, the division has done well. Europe's expenditure has decreased by almost 30%, but now reductions have slowed. With so many people on the continent, there is only so much Cull can do. In Britain, everyone has suffered somehow from the cuts, well, everyone except the prisoners. They still get their three square meals day - including all their dietary and religious requirements - fitness centres, high speed internet access, digital television with hundreds of channels, and a free degree complimentary of the taxpayer. As the population grows, so do the prisons. No wonder prison guards are under such strain.
"Most of my colleagues got fired," says a Spanish prison officer, who will remain anonymous. "No wonder the prisoners got out! The prison can blame some electrical fault, but why did they hire a cheap electrician anyway? Because of the cuts! Why couldn't they afford to repair the wiring sooner? Because of the cuts! Why did five prison officers get killed? Because the cuts meant they were outnumbered!"
Cull must do something about the population growth. Cutting resources is pointless unless the number of users also falls. For every pound saved, several more are spent as another child is born or immigrant enters the continent. As a result, the cuts have had little positive effect long term.
Make no mistake, this is not immigrant bashing. My parents came here from the Caribbean thirty years ago when Britain needed more workers. They settled down, started a successful business - that eventually folded when the banks refused extra loans - and invested in Great Britain.
Unfortunately, now we have the opposite problem. Europe needs fewer workers, fewer people. If we keep multiplying, resources will be under greater pressure. That is when the dangerous cuts come into force, cuts such as the decrease in prison funding that led to Stacia Roberts, a five year old Dutch girl, being brutally raped and killed by one of the escaped convicts. While her family suffers to pay their bills, he has gone back to live a comfortable life in one of Germany's cushiest prisons, where he will enjoy the very best life has to offer.
It is not fair or right.
Cull has been blamed for so much in recent years, but we have not looked at ourselves. The general public - citizens and politicians - are to blame for the recent cuts. We are the ones who spent money we did not have. We are the ones who had six children we could not afford. We are the ones who hire cheap labour from outside the continent instead of paying Europeans a fair wage.
I accept responsibility. Do you?


"Stacia Roberts?" I gasped. "What happened there? I said no kids!"
"I know, I know," Ivory muttered. "Don't worry. Her family were paid handsomely. The little darling didn't enjoy lying on TV, but her new pony made her feel oh so much better."
Ivory's hazel eyes glowed, her teeth grinding away the gum. She offered me the stick again, so I accepted. My eyes returned to the article before me.
"So where will this be sent?" I asked.
"There's an upcoming conspiracy theory website," she said. "They'll love an exclusive like this. Once the article is posted, Leonardo will work his magic in the comments section."
Ivory reached over the desk and slid her hand over my new fade. She hesitated by my ear before stroking my lobe. I clutched the article so hard it bent.
"So clean shaven," she whispered, snatching her hand away when Leo burst into the room. I handed him the article and he skimmed the page, pausing near the bottom.
"Miss Roberts is fine," Ivory snapped, shifting away from him. "The story is false."
"Thank God!" Leo gave a nervous chuckle. "Anyway, give me the blog details and I'll provide some great comments. How popular is the website?"
"An average of ten comments per article since the recent change in search engine algorithms...What good timing!"
"Oh, not great..." Leo rubbed his chin in thought. "I think one or two should be fine. I'll post more on other websites to link back. That should give the piece a nice boost!"
"Don't say, just do," I hissed. "We trust you to do what's right. We don't need any more information."
Leo gave me a salute, knocking his moustache off in the process.
When he reached down to pick it up, Reed rushed into the room and trod on it. He gently tapped her on the shoulder, but she brushed him off and dumped three newspapers onto the desk. Ivory grabbed the paper on top so I took the second, my heart racing when I saw the headline.
"Vigilante mob kills father of three," I read aloud. "A vicious gang pounced on Mister Peters during his morning jog to Victoria Park. He was wrongly suspected of being one of the escaped German prisoners, an estimated four hundred still at large. The alleged killers have been arrested and detained in police custody. Bail has been denied."
I threw the newspaper across the room and banged my fists on the desk. Leo leapt from his chair and backed away with Reed, but Ivory stayed seated, her plump lips curling into a smile.
"Who did this?" I shouted. "Who just killed an innocent man?"
"Not me," Leo said. "I just spread harmless gossip. No Leak was assigned to this."
"Actually, this was an Executioner job."
Ivory rose from her chair and strode round the desk, sliding her soft hands across the surface until it reached mine. In my mind, I pulled my hand away. In reality, it stayed beside hers, battling the urge to stroke her back.
"He was a father," I said.
"I know how you feel about children, darling, but remember the greater good. With the prisoners gone, children worldwide will be safer."
Ivory grabbed my shoulders and pulled me closer.
"Don't you want Kizzy to play safely in the park? Don't you want her friends to be alive and well?"
"How dare you!"
"This was a test," Ivory said. "We needed to see how the public felt about the prisoners. This shows there is hate brewing. It's so strong, blood was shed. Go on the internet and see the huge amount of supporters. Go on!"
"That doesn't make it right!" I grabbed the other papers and tore them in half. "Get out!"
"The Executioners are under my watch," she said. "We will act for the greater good. If you disagree, it does not matter."
Leo asked, "How did you do it?"
Ivory glanced his way before her eyes returned to mine.
"Every division is separate for a reason," she said. "There are three leaders in this room, not one!"
Ivory slipped on her rouge suit jacket and buttoned up until she reached her bosom, where she left the top of her breasts exposed. She plucked her black briefcase from the floor and strode between the others, forcing them to part to make way. At the door, she turned back to me and said, "Remember, we are being tested. Do not ruin this."
"I haven't ruined anything," I said.
"One strike and we are out! With all the information we have, they will not let us just walk out of here." She licked her rouge lips and smiled. "I cannot afford to lose my current lifestyle. Leonardo cannot afford to lose another job. You cannot afford Kizzy's treatment without work...Remember that, darling. Remember."


I should have walked out right then, but the bitch was right. I needed the money. Kizzy's treatment was expensive, too expensive for some part-time admin job to support. Even worse, the treatment was forbidden. Cull had cut it because it was not cost-effective, meaning the patients only got another few months to live.
It wasn't worth it.


The article worked its magic. For once, Cull wasn't the one to hate. It was someone else: the prisoners. As expected, the media had more stories of what luxuries the prisoners received. When the general public heard about fully equipped gyms, unlimited access to free education, social networking websites, shopping trips, and, the one that pushed people over the edge, jobs waiting for prisoners upon their release, the public was furious.
The prime minister had no choice but to reveal how much was spent on prisoners. He ordered Cull to perform a thorough investigation, which we gladly did. Around thirty thousand pounds per year were spent on each prisoner. The prime minister was publicly outraged to learn that each prisoner cost ninety thousand pounds per year.
Something had to be done fast!


When the prime minister announced his decision, Europe split into three groups.
One group, the largest but least vocal, was outraged. They feared for their safety. They wanted measures enforced to protect them, but the Human Rights brigade said this would stop prisoners reintegrating. When we worked out the cost, rehabilitation wasn't worth it.
A small but mouthy group was extremely happy about the decision. They tallied up the savings across Europe. They thought the billions saved would be spent on schools and hospitals and pensioners and...
Of course the third group was a bunch of happy prisoners who had their sentences quashed overnight. Yesterday they were robbers and burglars. Today they were free.
"Over eight billion pounds a year," Reed said, showing me the negative trend. "With fewer offenders, we could close many prisons and sell the land. This was a great idea, sir. Congratulations."
Reed clapped her chubby hands until she saw the serious look on my face.
"It's not over," I said. "Don't you understand?"
"But we've saved billions! Surely that's enough cuts?"
I wanted to smack her.
"For goodness sake, this is just the beginning. If billions were hiding there, where else could they be? They're out there, somewhere, sucking Europe dry!" I turned the page and circled the positive trend on the Benefits graph. "Leeches move around. We have not saved eight billion. The bastards are still milking Europe for everything they can."
"But-"
"There's only one way to stop them scrounging off the rest of us." I whispered, "They need to be removed."
"And put where?" she asked, her hands shaking.
"You know exactly what I mean," I said. "Don't pity a bunch of rapists and paedophiles! Think of the law abiding citizens out there. Protect them."
"But now they're in danger!"
"I won't let them get hurt. There will be victims, but not them. Soon the perpetrators will be the victims, and they deserve it..."


"The death penalty?" Cassie gasped. "Not in a civilised country!"
The hairdresser squirted a dollop of pink mousse on Cassie's hair and massaged the foam into her red strands. The hairdresser turned to the uniformed man sweeping the floor and asked, "That's what you heard, isn't it, Leo?"
"Yeah, man!" Leo propped himself against the broom, and wiped his sweaty face. "They're gonna kill dudes, man!"
"How?" Cassie asked. "The electric chair?"
"I heard it's painless, you know, like the injection and shit like that..."
"That sounds horrible!" Cassie cried.
"Nah, they just fall asleep and don't wake up!" Leo swept up some hair off the floor and dumped it in the bin. "They don't feel a thing!"
Cassie closed her eyes and shuddered. The hairdresser tied her hair up into a ponytail and wrapped foil around the ends. While she was pasting a strong smelling cream onto the ends, Cassie waved Leo over. The hairdresser nodded, so Leo sat in the seat beside Cassie.
"It's murder," Cassie said. "An eye for another eye is bad."
"I know, dude, I know!" Leo passed the scissors over to the hairdresser and took the bottle of mousse from him. "Still, it's better than being scared, ya know?"
Cassie nodded slowly.
"It must suck being a girl round here, knowing there's rapists on the loose!"
"They didn't release anyone dangerous," she said. "Didn't you see the news?"
"You believe the news?" Leo forced out tears as he laughed. "You're so dumb, man!"
"I'm not stupid, I already know about the media's lies!" Cassie crossed her arms and stared into the mirror, watching the hairdresser smooth out her ends. "They said they didn't release anyone dangerous."
"They meant really dangerous," Leo said. "Yeah, so they kept the serial killers and paedos, but what about the robbers, burglars, and con artists? You want them round here? I bloody don't!"
Leo took a quick look around the room, smiling when he saw many eyes on him.
"Babe, I'd rather they kill off the really bad ones and put the okay ones back in jail, ya know?"
Several people nodded, but Cassie shook her head.
"It's still murder," she said. "It doesn't feel right to me."
"Didn't another little girl go missing last week?"
Cassie nodded, her face turning pale.
"I wonder who got her...If he was still behind bars, he wouldn't of, ya know?" Leo shook his head a little too hard and his moustache loosened. He quickly stroked his upper lip, pushing the moustache back into place. "If you had to choose between that girl and the kidnapper, who would you save?"
The room fell silent, all eyes now on Cassie. She looked around nervously as the pairs of eyes stared into her, and a woman tutted loudly. One of the hairdressers muttered under his breath about "Human rights" and "morons".
"I...I...I'd kill him."
"Exactly," Leo said, patting her on the leg. "And don't you forget it!"


A white girl tied her blonde hair into ponytails and opened her jeans jacket to show the designer shirt underneath. She took the glittery mobile from the officer and turned up the ringtone to the highest volume. Then she skipped off down the street, singing loudly.
After a quick look around, she spotted a shifty teenage boy waiting in the marketplace, his eyes scanning the crowd.
"Choose a black person," she whispered to herself. "The darker the better."
The girl played a song on the mobile and slowly walked past the teenager, his eyes falling to the phone in her hand. She stopped close by him, flicking through the flashy functions on the high tech phone. When she peered over her shoulder, the boy was watching, his feet edging towards her.
The phone rang.
"Hey, Lu!" she squealed. "I just got a new phone! It cost a bomb! The dealer said it's worth at least six hundred pounds! I bet Carla's gonna be so jealous when she finds out. It's the latest model! It doesn't come out in Europe for ages. She's gonna flip when she finds out."
The girl glanced over her shoulder and screamed as the teenager lunged for her. He wrestled the phone from her grasp and ran off. The girl threw herself to the floor and screamed, pointing after him. Security guards from the stores nearby blocked his path and pulled his hands behind his back. They led him back to the girl, who was now cradling her arm. A stall owner rushed over and slipped her arm around the girl, who started to cry.
"I didn't hurt her, I swear! I didn't touch her arm!"
"Be quiet!" a security guard spat. "Tell us what happened, young lady."
"He slapped me, violently twisted my arm, shoved me to the floor, and then stomped over me when he escaped!"
"Say what?" The boy tried to wriggle free but the muscular guards held him firmly. "She's lying, man! I didn't do that!"
The girl tried to straighten her arm, but soon bent it again as she winced from the pain. She cried out and the stall owner stroked her messy blonde locks.
"It's all right, love," the owner said. "We'll call your parents and the police. Do you know your home number?"
"0208-5679-8825 is my mother's work number. 0208-2341-8569 is my father's work number...He owns Smouldering Greek."
The owner and guards gasped. The boy shrugged and asked, "What's that place about?"
"Lad, you're in deep trouble now," the guard said. "She's from one of Europe's most powerful families!"
"So what's she doing round here?" the boy cried.
"I came to meet my dearest friend Lucinda," the girl said, wearing a solemn look. "I love being with normal people instead of the usual snobs."
The owner pinched the girl's little cheeks.
"What's your name?" the owner asked.
"Joanna," she replied. "Joanna Chester."


"Lydia, we are hearing reports that Joanna Georgia Chester was involved in an incident this afternoon?"
"Yes, James. The assault took place over there." The reporter strolled into the marketplace and pointed at the handbag stall farther down. "Seven-year-old Joanna was meeting a friend after school when a nineteen-year-old black male robbed her. He snatched her new mobile phone from her school bag and viciously attacked her before fleeing the scene. Luckily, onlookers stopped him before he escaped."
"How is Miss Chester coping?"
"The Chester family's doctor says her arm is broken, there are several bruises on her body, and the girl is, understandably, traumatised."
"So the teenager is still in police custody?"
"He was denied bail."
"Moments ago, his lawyer released a statement claiming unfair treatment. He says his client is being made an example of because the victim comes from a wealthy background. Any comment on this?"
"The accused comes from a good background himself. He was privately educated, but fell in with the wrong crowd." Lydia pointed at the cameras dotted around the marketplace. "Stall owners and security guards have seen him lurking around before, so this may not be his first offence."
"Was he one of the prisoners released to cut spending?"
"Joanna Chester's parents claim he was, but the prison authority declined to comment."


The plan worked.
The media jumped on the story and obsessed over it for several months. They followed it through every stage, from the boy's arrest to his escape to his detainment and finally back to prison.
The fury was bigger than ever before. Across Britain was outrage at the burly, black buffoon attacking the blonde, blue-eyed, white angelic angel. Him, a thieving, scheming, scrounger taking what didn't belong to him. Her, an innocent, articulate schoolgirl eager to be involved in the lower-class world beneath her.
I remember meeting Joanna Chester, the best actress I had ever seen. She had this glow about her, something extra special. She spoke and you believed every word, even though you had written every word she said. She listened, her big eyes following your story from start to finish, but you knew she didn't really give a damn. She waved goodbye, and made you promise to see her again, but you knew she was happy to leave.
She reminded me of someone...


The prime minister rose from his chair and placed his speech on the stand before him. His eyes skimmed the full House of Parliament before he pulled the microphone closer to his lips.
"First, I would like to send the very best wishes to Miss Joanna Chester. She shows just how brave, honest, and decent today's youth can be."
There was a thunderous applause and then silence.
"Some say my recent policy unleashed that monster onto little Joanna." Ministers jeered until the speaker told them to be quiet. "They say releasing Britain's offenders was wrong, but I say it was right!"
The ministers behind the prime minister leapt from their seats and clapped, but the opposing parties' "Neighs" deafened the applause. The prime minister spoke but his words were silenced by the jeers, so the speaker threatened to remove ministers.
"Thank you, Mister Speaker," the prime minister said. "I gave the offenders the opportunity to change. I believed in them when no one else did. I gave them the invaluable opportunity to start afresh.
"Unfortunately, they did not. 60% reoffended, the police lost track of 30%, and 10% claim to have changed their ways. Meanwhile, the public has suffered from more burglaries, more robberies, and other horrific crimes against humanity. Britain lives in fear.
"Not anymore," he said. "To meet Cull's target, we cannot dump the offenders back in jail. They sucked twelve billion pounds from Britain's pocket every year. This money should have gone to schools, hospitals, public services, and our army fighting abroad to protect us. Instead, it went to paedophiles, rapists, and murderers. Not anymore! Never again! Not on my watch!"
Ministers on both sides cheered and even the speaker's eyes flickered with glee.
"From January next year, Britain will not house any more serious offenders. Britain will not coddle serial killers and rapists. Britain will not provide them with fancy full course meals, free housing, and job security while their victims and victims' families struggle to make ends meet!"
The applause was brief because the prime minister raised his hand to speak.
"Come January, the death penalty will return. Anyone convicted of a heinous crime such as murder, paedophilia, multiple rapes, and section18 grievous bodily harm will be given the harshest sentence we have."
Silence.
The prime minister looked around and saw the looks of horror on the ministers' faces. Even his own party were quiet except for someone muttering, "It's murder."
"No, this is not murder!" the prime minister hissed. "Murder is against the law. Death penalties are the law! Murderers kill for purely selfish reasons such as greed and hate. The death penalty is meant to protect the public from further harm. If repeat offenders like Mister Johnson Andrews had been severely punished, he would not have hurt innocents like Joanna. His sentence will deter others.
"I know what you are thinking, but there is nothing to fear. Britain and Europe will never resort to barbaric methods such as shooting, hanging, beheadings or stoning. Leave those to the dark ages. We are a civilised, developed nation!"
There was a brief applause by the prime minister's cabinet, but the remaining ministers muttered amongst themselves.
"Compared to the victims' suffering, the offenders will have a much easier death. The gas chamber is a painless way to die. They slowly suffocate after falling into a deep sleep. The lethal injection also puts them to sleep before a lethal dose is administered. Neither method causes pain or suffering. If only the criminals had been as accommodating to their victims."
The prime minister's party clapped while the opposition looked on.
"I urge you to vote in favour of the Death Penalty Act," the prime minister said. "We must protect law abiding citizens, not the perpetrators. We must protect women, not rapists. We must protect our children, not paedophiles."
The applause was louder with some of the opposition joining in.
"When you pass through those doors and vote, you must choose who to protect...Will you vote for little Joanna or Mister Andrews? The decision is yours."
There was riotous applause and the prime minister sat down, his allies patting him on the back. The speaker followed proceedings and soon the ministers were filing through the doors and slipping paper into the ballot boxes.
Three hours later, the speaker rose from his seat and called for everyone's attention. The parties all turned to face him, the prime minister crossing his fingers behind the stand.
"Opposition to the Death Penalty Act is fifty-six votes," the speaker said. "Those in favour of the bill number five hundred and ninety-four votes. The bill will be passed to the Palace for Royal Assent come midnight."


January couldn't come fast enough.
When the first prisoner, which was of course Johnson Andrews, was due for death, I got one of the best seats in the house. Five of us sat facing a one-way mirror in a plain white room with twenty chairs. A camera crew were filming from the middle rows with Lydia commentating every moment. In the next room were a hospital bed, heart rate monitor, and large bags of clear liquid attached to tubing.
"How exciting," Ivory whispered, rubbing her hands with glee. "It's like how the Americans do it."
"But better," I said. "This is reserved for the worst people in the world."
I turned to Ivory and she looked surprised. The look faded, leaving behind a sultry smile.
We turned in time to see Johnson being led into the room by six armed guards. I looked into his eyes and saw my brother, death reflecting in his pupils, so I closed my eyes until Johnson had been strapped down by a man in a white coat.
"Any last requests?" the man asked, pulling on plastic gloves.
"I said I'm sorry!" Johnson cried. "I didn't realise I hurt her so bad! I didn't mean to hurt Joanna Chester either! Please, I didn't kill anyone!"
The guards tied a strap over his mouth and then fastened him tighter to the bed. The men stepped back and the doctor brought over a needle. Johnson wept as the doctor slid the needle into his arm. Soon the youngster's eyes drooped and he fell asleep, breathing soundly.
"No going back now," Ivory whispered. "This is just the beginning."
The doctor pushed another needle into Johnson's arm and emptied the clear liquid into his body. He stepped over to the heart monitor and watched closely as the line on screen slowly fell until it was flat.
Joanna Chester's parents quickly left the room, the wife in tears. The husband shot me a cold look on the way out before following his wife outside.
"Guilt," Ivory mumbled. "They felt nothing when they received that cheque."
"Exactly." I glanced at the corpse one last time, absorbing every minute of it. "Lunch?"
The cull started and ended so fast. I wish we could cure people as fast as we kill them...
It was a belated Christmas present seeing those bastards carted back to jail. Sixty thousand were sent behind bars after the mass prison cull was over. Crime dropped dramatically overnight, which was a bonus. Over the next two years, serious crime decreased more so. Still, the death penalty worked its magic. Every corpse dropped Britain's expenditure. When the rest of Europe saw how successful the project had been, they brought back the death penalty too. With fewer prisoners, we started to close prisons down and sold off the land to good friends of ours.
How did I celebrate Europe's savings? I gave myself a raise.


"When will you be back?" Reed asked.
"I don't know," I said. "When I return, be here."
I slipped my work papers into the filing cabinet and locked them away. Reed held her hand out for the key and I laughed. She placed her hands behind her back, her face going bright pink.
"Take time off!"
"I cannot afford to...I need the money."
"Why? Planning some getaway?"
"No, sir!" She opened her briefcase and tucked her notepad and pens away. "Without the child benefits, I need more money, not a holiday."
"We don't have money for a pay rise," I said. "When the cuts end, you'll be the first in line."
"I understand...but I do need more money."
"Look, I just said-"
"Can I do extra work for someone else?"
"Who?" I asked.
"...Miss King, sir."
I froze.
"I'm not leaving you, sir, but I just need more money. That's all."
"Ivory, Leo, and I are the only way each department intertwines."
"I will not tell her anything," she said. "Please, I need the work while you're gone."
I returned to my desk and locked the cabinet drawers. Then I went to leave, but Reed was standing in the doorway, her big eyes pleading with me. She pulled up her skirt enough so she could kneel down, and clasped her hands.
"Please, sir! At least pay me when you're gone."
"Have you gone mad?" I glanced down at my watch. "Look, I've got to go!"
"Please, sir! I'll do her paperwork, file things, and answer the phone. Nothing confidential will pass through my lips, I swear!"
The minutes ticked on, my departure time creeping closer by the second.
"All right, all right!" I gently moved her aside and left the room. "See you in two weeks."
"Enjoy Jamaica, sir."


Jamaica? I wish.
I was off to Glasgow, Scotland. I never holiday far from work, just in case they need me. Besides, with the recent cuts, it wouldn't look good if the media caught me sunning on some golden beach.
Cull members had to set a good example.
I booked the entire floor of a Scottish castle, the perfect hideaway for me and Kizzy. The organisers decorated her room with four bouquets of white roses you could smell from the hallway. Her four poster bed was draped with shiny satin that shimmered in the dim candlelight. They placed her teddy bears by the pillow, and tied pink ribbons around their necks.
After the guided tour, I went downstairs to see Kizzy.
Kizzy had been dressed in her favourite gown, a silky white dress with perforated lace around the bodice. Against my wishes, the nurse had applied bright pink lipstick to Kizzy's lips, but I let it go on this occasion. Otherwise, Kizzy was a lot paler than her usual milk chocolate hue. There was a water bottle in her grasp, but her lips were dry.
"Come here, Kizzy," I said, running over.
I scooped her off the wheelchair and gently swung her around, nuzzling her bushy hair. The nurse brought over the chair and I placed her back down, and pushed her towards the elevator.
"How was your trip?" I asked.
"Hello, Daddy," she said. "Good girl."
"Of course you are." I ruffled her tiny afro. "You're such a good girl!"
"Missed Daddy."
"Missed you too."
Those were the best seven days of my life. We went for hilly walks and I showed Kizzy goats and cows. We went for a swim even though the nurses complained about the cold, but who cares when you're already sick? Terminally.
It was during that first week I found out what Ivory had been up to. No one from Cull called to inform me. By 'no one' I mean the traitor who goes by the name Reed.
Someone had unlocked my office and taken my seat. She was sitting at my desk, going through my files. She had ordered around my assistant, authorising the next stage in what had become her plan.
Or maybe it had been hers all along.


Ivory King is a smart woman. She learned from the best.
The public was on what the media dubbed 'Death Watch'. Every prisoner killed was beamed live over the internet. This was meant to reassure the public that the prisoners died painlessly, but soon the event attracted attention worldwide. We knew that would happen, and encouraged it by publishing screening times and commissioning more execution rooms. The more death people saw, the more desensitised they would become. This was Ivory's theory, and now we know why.
Ivory could not satisfy her bloodthirst. She wanted more cuts, so she sneaked in another policy when no one was looking.
Yes, no one includes me.
During the prison break chaos, Ivory had rushed through green and white papers on sterilisation law. When Joanna was doing the media rounds, the papers were passed into the updated Fertility Act. All this without me. All this without Reed noticing...
The Executioners must have lied to convince people that being infertile was the best option. For some, it would be. Maybe they couldn't afford contraception, so having their tubes tied was a good thing. Maybe they had enough children, and didn't want anymore. I presume some were guilt-tripped into doing it. They were blind, deaf or had genetic illnesses no one would want their children to inherit. Instead of risking their babies inheriting a tough life, they could be sterilised and adopt or foster; the poor could not afford this because we cut funding, but by the time they realised this, it would be too late.
What's the catch? Some sterilisation can be reversed. Come on, man! This is Ivory we're talking about. Do you think she would let them reverse it? Of course not! When they changed their minds, the doctor would tell them something had gone wrong with the operation. They were infertile, permanently. Some would sue, and rightfully so, but it could go either way. Would the jury compensate someone who was willingly sterilised? The poor souls took a risk and it didn’t pay off. End of. Even if the victim was paid compensation, it wouldn't cost as much as raising another benefit scrounger, providing for the disabled, or hospital bills for a diseased person. After a one-off payment, the victim would leave and the world would move on.
Case closed.
In the Fertility Act, Ivory also sneaked in another unexpected twist. It was a sub-section titled Secular Pro-Choice. I'm pro-choice, so I wouldn't have minded this. It's your baby. You want it gone, get rid. You want it, have it. As long as I don't have to pay for it, I don't give a damn.
But...I do feel Ivory went too far. The abortion timeframe was moved from four months to seven. And people did it. I can't imagine how they went through with it, but they did. I know that for a fact. I know the father and mother need time to decide whether to keep the child, but it shouldn't take long enough for the foetus to become a baby. Still, people did it. By the time the Pro-Life brigade swooped in, the public was already riled up over another change...


The nurse brought over a tray with a plastic cup on it. An old woman took the cup, a clear liquid sloshing around inside. She put the cup to her lips and stopped, tears in her eyes. Sitting opposite her was a man in a white coat, a stethoscope draped round his neck. He took her free hand and clasped it tightly.
"Beryl, you are doing the right thing. Just think about it..."
The old woman closed her eyes and the camera zoomed in.
When she opened her eyes, she was standing in a crowded hospital room. The doctor led her through the people and they stopped by the bed, where Beryl lay attached to a drip. Beryl's eyes skimmed over her double, her jaw dropping when she saw the amount of tubing, drips, and machines keeping her alive.
"Please, Mum," a soft voice said. "Just let go."
"My babies are suffering," Beryl sobbed. "Poor darlings!"
Beryl slowly turned and the camera followed her gaze around the room as she absorbed the tears and pale faces watching her double die. The camera zoomed in on a girl seated at the back, a baby doll in her arms. The girl wiped her snotty nose on her sleeve and burst into tears.
"Is Granny hurting?" she cried.
"No, sweetie," a blonde said, stroking the girl's curls. "She's going to God."
"I don't like it!"
"This is what happens when we die."
"I don't want to die like this!"
"No one does," the doctor said, stepping in front of the camera. "Yet time and time again, the old, sick, and suicidal put their loved ones through hell by suffering through long, drawn out deaths."
"What else can I do?" Beryl asked.
The screen faded to black and Beryl opened her eyes, once again seated opposite the doctor. Now the camera panned around the room, her loved ones standing around her. Her grand-daughter skipped over and Beryl pulled the girl onto her lap.
"It's quick and painless," Beryl said. "I won't feel a thing."
"At least we won't see Mum suffer." Beryl's daughter slipped her arms around her mother and the girl. "Just go to sleep. Rest in peace."
Beryl took the cup from the doctor and hesitated. She wiped her teary eyes, a wide smile on her face, and drank the liquid in one gulp. Then she lay back and closed her eyes, still smiling. Her grand-daughter snuggled against her and the room was quiet.
A moment later, the doctor placed the stethoscope on her chest and nodded.
The screen faded to white and the word euthanasia appeared on screen in black with the following tagline: Die with Dignity.
I switched over to a chat show, where the euthanasia advert was today's topic. The frizzy-haired Asian host strode down the aisle, waving at the guests on either side. She stopped by the camera and motioned for the audience to sit, so they quietened down and took to their seats. The host turned back to the audience at home and smiled broadly, showing off her perfect veneers.
"Hey, it's Morning with Margarita, and I'm your host..."
"Margarita!" the audience cheered before whooping and hollering.
"You tell 'em!" Margarita blew a kiss to the camera. "Today we'll be talking about euthanasia. We're gonna hear from both sides of the debate, people who are for or against, and then the audience will vote. Stay tuned to find out more about what's hitting British law at midnight!"
"Midnight?" I gasped. "Ivory's not wasting any time, is she?"
It was a smart move. Cull couldn't go back on its word now. Ivory knew that. Once the public knows about something, you've got to deny or confirm fast. You can't dilly dally or they'll form their own opinions, which is dangerous if they don't think as they should.
Ivory knew I couldn't go back and change things now. Once it's law, that's it. The public can bitch and moan and whine and complain and stomp their feet and protest and petition and riot, but it's too late. The other parties promise to change the law if they're voted in.
They won't. They don't.
"Please welcome our first guest, Cassandra Smith!"
The audience applauded as a scruffy redhead walked on stage, waving shyly at viewers. She sat down and was quickly joined by Margarita, who edged closer until she was in shot.
"Cassandra works at Fight for Foetus, the pro-life organisation fighting for the rights of foetuses worldwide. How did you feel about the new Fertility Law?"
"I was disgusted by the increase in murder! First the prisoners, who I believe could've been rehabilitated, are brutally killed."
"Lethal injection is painless."
"That's what they say, but last week one of the prisoners cried out when he was injected. Why? He didn't feel any pain, right?"
"So you're for rehabilitation?"
"Definitely! Instead of killing them, show them a better way-"
"But we did and they almost killed little Joanna."
"That was just Johnson Andrews-"
The audience booed until Margarita put her finger to her lips. The audience copied her, shushing people on other side.
"The government snuck this law in," Cassandra said. "It's bad enough to kill innocent babies, but killing adults too? Don't get me started on the sterilisation rumours!"
"Well, they are rumours!" Margarita faced the camera and said, "Please give a warm welcome to Darrin Armstrong, a long-time pro-life campaigner, and chief advisor to the recent euthanasia adverts."
Most audience members clapped but several booed when Darrin appeared. The smartly dressed Caucasian man offered his hand to Cassandra, who moved over to the other free seat beside Margarita. Darrin shrugged and gave a brief wave to the audience and viewers.
"Darrin, you support euthanasia and late term abortions. Can you tell my viewers why?"
"Let me just stress that I am a devout Christian, forever and always."
"Good one," I muttered as the audience applauded, even the few who had booed moments before.
"I know people like Cassandra want to protect foetuses, and so do I."
"How do you protect someone by killing them?" Cassandra asked.
There were some supportive shouts from the audience.
"Pro-life campaigners are very protective over the foetus, but they do not seem to care about the baby once it is born." Darrin turned to the camera, his piercing blue eyes clashing against his white skin. "Why didn't they complain when Cull slashed funding to adoption and fostering services? They tell people not to abort the foetus-"
"Baby!" Cassandra snapped.
"...and put the baby up for adoption or fostering, but has Cassandra adopted or fostered?"
All heads turned to Cassandra, who sank into her chair. She looked around but no one came to her defence.
"I thought not," Darrin said. "The thought of leaving more children in the system breaks my heart. I know how it feels to wonder where your parents are and why they left. Are they still alive? Do they want to see me? Do they even think about me? Would I ruin their lives by showing up? I don't know..."
Darrin blinked back the tears and the camera panned across the audience, who were dabbing their eyes with tissues and handkerchiefs. The shot moved to Margarita, who wiped tears from her eyes right on cue.
"Don't get me started on the children growing up with parents who cannot afford them. Most of my foster families were lovely people, but I have seen the horrors unwanted children live through. I've seen the rat-infested bedrooms and the cockroach-infested kitchens. I've seen the lash scars where so-called parents showed their children how much they loved them. I've seen the darkest, most deprived side of the foster and adoption world, and I refuse to send someone else there. I got out. Others don't."
Margarita stood up and clapped. The audience rose to their feet and Darrin blushed as the applause dragged on and on. Cassandra raised her hand and Margarita glanced at her before turning back to Darrin.
"What really upsets me is the hypocrisy," he continued. "Cassandra's wealthy family regularly goes fox hunting, and they supported the last two wars. Why didn't she complain then?"
Cassandra sprung off her seat and shoved her finger into Darrin's face.
"My personal life has nothing to do with this!" she spat. "I just want to protect those innocent babies. I would gladly improve the foster system, but killing others won't solve the problem."
Cassandra reached under her t-shirt and pulled out a silver crucifix hanging round her neck. She thrust it into Darrin's face and pointed at Jesus.
"You claim to be a devout Christian, but you kill innocent babies," she said. "God gives life and takes it away. How dare you play God!"
"How dare you parade that cross around knowing it was bought with blood money!" Margarita jumped between them and ushered Cassandra back to her seat. "You took lives when you killed those foxes. You bought that necklace, funded by blood money from wars that caused millions of deaths. Did God demand those wars or did your parents?"
The audience applauded, even the ones shaking their heads. Margarita clapped loudly, and edged closer to Darrin. She patted him on the back and he gave her a warm smile.
"Get a room," I mumbled. "Maybe they already did..."
Margarita strode into the audience and held the microphone to a man near the front. He introduced himself as George and then gave a quick shout out to his mother before continuing.
"I completely agree with everything Darrin said," Leo said. "I think euthanasia will help a lot of adults as well as the kids. My niece is severely mentally and physically disabled, and my brother always wonders what'll happen once he's gone."
"He doesn't know who will care for her."
"Exactly! Of course I'll take over, but I won't be around forever. I'm almost forty but she's only ten. When I'm too old to care for her, what happens then? At least with euthanasia, we could put her to sleep and know she's gone to a better place, waiting for us to join her."
"Thank you very much, George!"
Leo sat down and waved at the camera.
The prick waved at me.
Margarita skipped up the aisle and waved over an old man with a walking stick, who shuffled his way down the row of seats until he reached her. He gave her a brief hug before talking into the microphone.
"I agree with Cassandra," he said. "It was bad enough with my kids pestering me for the inheritance. I don't want them killing me off Death Trap style so they get the money sooner."
"Aw, I'm sure they wouldn't." Margarita gave him a wet kiss on the cheek. The man hurried back to his seat, blushing all the way. "Who's next?"
"Me, Rita!"
A teenage girl waved over Margarita.
"What's your name?"
"I'm Lizzie!"
"Go on, Lizzie."
"I just want to say I completely disagree with that last comment. I watched my grandma suffer for years as she lost her independence. She struggled to see, hear, move, and eventually eat and drink. I don't want to go out like that! I'd rather die young than live to see that kind of life."
"So you would've convinced her to die sooner?"
"She wanted to die," Lizzie said, tears trickling down her cheeks. "My grandpa died twenty years before her, and my uncle too. No one should see their kid go, you know? She didn't want to live anymore, but her body was too strong."
Margarita gave Lizzie a big hug and rushed back to the stage. Darrin raised his hand to speak, so Margarita nodded his way.
"Deepest sympathies, Lizzie," he said. "I think she deserves a round of applause for her bravery. I can't imagine how tough it must have been to watch her grandma fade away."
Lizzie wept into a tissue while the audience applauded.
"It's not just the elderly we must consider," Darrin said. "The terminally ill die miserably over time too. Our government denies them treatment because it's not cost-effective, so they've no choice but to die in excruciating pain. Even worse, their loved ones must watch them die."
"Death is a natural part of life," Cassandra cried. "We'll all die somehow, someway."
"That's a bit heartless," Margarita said. "Cassie, you should be ashamed!"
The audience booed Cassandra, who sank back into her chair. The camera cut back to Darrin, catching the smirk on his face. When he noticed the camera, he shifted uncomfortably until Margarita came to his aid.
"Don't worry, Darrin," she said. "Some pro-life campaigners can be a bit touchy."
"I know she wants to help, but helping people die in agony isn't help."
"They won't die in agony," Cassandra said. "We'll get them treatment. Instead of killing them, cure them."
"Is that God's will?" he asked. "Or is that yours?"
Cassandra fumbled over her response, so the audience laughed.
"We can't afford treatment for everyone," Darrin said. "Billions suffer because they can't afford treatment. If we put the terminally ill out of their misery, the money saved could treat others. The money could go to treatment to end terminal illnesses once and for all. Just look at the recent rise in HIV and AIDS. Let's put those poor Africans out of their misery once and for all! If that isn't pro-life, I don't know what is!"
The audience cheered so loud Cassandra's protests were drowned out.
I turned off the television.


"How many dead?" Ivory asked.
"Five hundred and eighty thousand," Leo said. "That's what I heard, anyway."
"That's a shame...I thought it would've been more."
"Well, the damn pro-life campaigners bombed another abortion clinic. It scared people off, obviously...The blast killed the baby."
"So she got what she wanted."
Ivory pressed a button under her desk and the blinds closed. Leo went to the light switch, but Ivory ordered him to stop.
"I need my afternoon nap," she said. "Leave me in peace."
"Can I ask you something?"
"What?"
"You know he'll be pissed, right?" Leo grabbed his briefcase and stopped at the door. "Maybe you shouldn't have gone behind his back."
"What about you?" Ivory pressed another button and classical music played. "I never said Damon was my friend. You two seemed quite lovey dovey."
"I'm thinking of my peers, just like he said I should. It's not my fault if he's too soft."
"Tell me about it," she said. "I suggested the Fertility Act years ago. We could have phased it in during the Cull riots back then, when the public was busy hating the protesters. He didn't like the euthanasia part."
"Because of his daughter."
"He is a hypocrite. He told you to remember the majority, but he won't touch any laws that might affect his daughter. Leonardo, always leave your morals at home. This is business. Don't ever make it personal or you will be gone too."
"Yes, sir."
Ivory smiled.
Reed rushed into the room and closed the door. She pushed past Leo and sat opposite Ivory, her hands trembling.
"He called," she whispered. "He's mad."
"So?"
"He wants to see you."
"I am busy doing his job." Ivory reclined in the chair. "Someone has to watch over things while he's trouncing around in Scotland...or was it Jamaica?"
Leo quietly opened the door but Ivory called him over before he left. He sat next to Reed, glancing over his shoulder every time someone walked past the office.
"Let him come," Ivory said. "I'm ready."


I stormed into the office building and spotted a free receptionist near the entrance. She was talking on the phone, so I stopped by the bell and waited. The blonde glanced up at me and then returned to her call.
I tried to be patient. Really, I did...
"Where is she?" I asked the receptionist. "Well?"
"Sorry, sir, who are you?"
I flashed my Cull security badge and she dropped the phone. Her green eyes shifted to the security guard by the door and then returned to me, a nervous smile plastered to her face.
"I will call Miss King," she said, her skin turning pale. "My associate will show you to the waiting room. There are tea and biscuits and-"
"Crumpets?"
"I don't know."
"I like crumpets."
"Me too, sir." Her smile wavered as I leaned in. "Is there anything else I can help you with?"
"Have you seen Mister McGregor recently?"
She quickly shook her head.
"I haven't seen Leo, I mean, Leonardo."
"First name basis," I said. "So you're the blonde he spoke so highly of."
Her cheeks turned pink and she giggled.
"Or maybe it was her."
I pointed at the other receptionist. They glared at each other before turning back to me.
"Please move to the waiting room," she said. "If there is nothing else, I have other visitors to attend to."
I strode right past the waiting room and rushed upstairs, ignoring the security guards shouting my name. I entered the elevator and pushed several buttons, giving the guards the middle finger as the door closed in their faces.
On the eighth floor, the doors slid open and I took the stairs to the tenth floor. I hid by the main doors and watched Leo leave Ivory's office, a bulky black package tied with silver thread in his arms. He went to the elevator and tapped his foot while he waited.
I slipped my fingers round the taser in my holster, but the elevator came before I could act. He stepped inside and the doors slammed shut.
I walked to the wide grey silver doors leading to Ivory's office, and peered inside. Two armed guards were patrolling the corridor, the lights on in the office. When the women turned away, I snuck into the corridor and crouched down behind a large flower pot.
"How long is she staying for?" one of the guards asked. "I've got a home to go to."
"Shut up or she'll hear you!"
"Out here? She's too busy getting dressed after her afternoon snack."
The women sniggered.
"I heard that boy's half her age!"
"Nah! I heard she's younger than she looks. No more than forty, I say."
She was close.
The glass office doors flew open and I ducked as high heels tapped the marble floor. I waited until the woman was close, and then leapt out.
"Sir?" Reed gasped. "You should have called. I was going to meet you at the train station."
"Airport. I flew in."
"Remember, sir, we are supposed to be frugal," she said, wagging her finger. "The public would disapprove of you jetting around while they're stuck on public transportation."
"Reed?"
"Yes, sir?"
"You're fired."
"Thank you," she said. "That saves me postage and packaging."
Reed thrust a paper into my hands and stood with her hands on her hips. I felt her eyes watching closely as I read the letter of resignation. When I reached the bottom, she snatched the paper away and skimmed over it.
"I hope there are no errors," she said. "I know you don't like mistakes."
"You were a mistake." I grabbed the paper and tore it in half. "A big, big, big mistake."
Reed sucked in her stomach and stood tall.
"Security," she barked. "Take out this nuisance."
"Please do!"


When I walked into Cull, the place fell silent. The receptionists, security guards, and regular visitors watched me as I marched through. I heard several whispers, but, lucky for them, none were loud enough for me to understand.
At the elevator, I turned back to face them.
No one cowered. No one looked away.
"Get back to work," I ordered. "Now!"
"Says who?" Duncan asked, plopping down at his desk. "Did Miss King give that order?"
I strolled over and pushed the papers off his desk. He reclined in his chair and chuckled. Mickey appeared from his desk and stood beside his friend, both men smiling.
"Did Miss King say she was in charge?" I asked. "And didn't I fire you?"
"I'm back. Where have you been, sir?" Duncan asked. "Someone had to take charge when you were sunning in Jamaica!"
"I wish I could go there," Mickey said. "Of course, earning what we do, we can't afford it."
"I had to cut your pay. Why should everyone get a pay cut except you?"
"Everyone except you, you mean!" he hissed. "You'd think five hundred thousand a year would’ve been enough!"
There were gasps and angry mutterings all around, so I quickly returned to the elevator. Before I entered, I turned back and gave Duncan my coldest stare.
He laughed.


My office wasn't my own.
It smelt of roses. The blinds were all shut. It was freezing cold. Stacks of papers were piled on the desk, so I rushed to the filing cabinet. I threw open the drawers and looked inside, cursing when I saw the messy papers. I took the cabinet key from my pocket and dumped it in the bin.
"What's wrong?"
I turned and saw the desk chair swivel round, Ivory sitting on it. She pushed a button under the desk and the blinds opened, the midday sun pouring in. Suddenly I saw Reed, who had been hiding in the shadows. She handed Ivory a cream envelope with my name written on it in thick capital letters.
"This is for you," Ivory said. "If you need more, just ask."
"I don't want it."
"Aw, darling, take it." Ivory tossed the envelope over the desk and it landed at my feet. "Goodbye."
I kicked the envelope away and marched over, but Reed stepped between Ivory and I. My former assistant raised her hand, a buzzer inside.
"Don't make me press it, sir," she said. "I will do it, if you make me."
I slapped the buzzer out of her hand and she cried out, clutching her wrist. Ivory sprung off the chair and slammed her hand over a buzzer under the desk. I heard shouts from outside and heavy boots stomping towards the office.
"What have you done?" I asked Ivory, who was leading Reed away from me.
"Mister Damon Janesh, you are now on compassionate leave. There will be tribunal with your peers. Expect a decision within seven days."
"Don't do this!" I shouted. "I can't lose my job!"
"We will compensate you well," Ivory said. "You will have enough money to care for little Kizzy for at least six months...if you're frugal."
"Six months? You don't understand! The meds stop the pain!"
"And you almost killed her to stop the pain."
Reed's eyes widened and Ivory laughed.
"Instead of smothering her with a pillow, take her to your local clinic and have her put down...It worked for the animals, didn't it?"
I lunged for her but something sharp embedded itself in my leg. I fell to the floor and writhed about, an unbearable burning sensation ripping through my body. I wanted to rip the prong off but I couldn't move. I lay there, frothing at the mouth, as Reed and Ivory rushed out.
Finally someone turned off the taser gun. Two guards propped me up and the third slapped my face until I couldn't hold my head up. He punched me hard.
"Don't ever hurt a woman," he said. "Only cowards do that."
They dragged me downstairs by the feet, my head banging on every step on the way down. I tried to claw at their legs, but my hands struggled to open and my vision was blurry from that hit.
We reached the entrance hall, where hundreds of employees were waiting. They lined up and laughed at me as I was dragged across the hall and dumped on the pavement outside.
"Goodbye, Demon Janesh," Duncan said, and spat on me. "Goodbye cuts!"


It was my fault.
Everyone hated me. If I'd been a better boss, they wouldn't have sided with Ivory. They would have had my back and told her where to shove her human cull. Instead, they fell for her act.
Ivory had promised to end Cull cuts. I'm sure you remember her on the news, announcing my resignation. I flicked through the channels and saw the mass celebration across Europe. People all the way from Wales to Holland to Italy where partying in the streets.
They thought they were free.
I knew Ivory had a dream. Our superiors had hired us to do an important job, and she would finish no matter what. Of course, her twisted mind had forgotten what that job really was.
We were meant to cut the dead weight. The 'dead weight' was anything that unnecessarily drained resources. But I scratched out the line between protecting the masses and harming them for the own good.
At the time, I had bigger problems than worrying about Ivory's next move. I was unemployed and needed a job fast. The nurses were due to get paid soon, and Cull was delaying my final payment. My investments were tied up in the company, I mean, organisation. When I contacted Cull for their release, my number was blocked. My letters were ignored. My visits were short-lived. Now I couldn't walk past the entrance without security threatening to call the police.
Get a job, then, you say. How? I had only ever worked at Cull, so no good reference for me! No one liked the cuts, and people who played any part in them suffered for it. Ivory had blamed all the cuts on me, so now I was the face of Cull, the old Cull, that is.
As you know, Cull underwent a change. It went from the cold, heartless organisation to a warm spirited, citizen friendly place to be. Rumour has it everyone got a raise, tiny as it was. Everyone except Ivory, she said...She was halving her pay. What she didn't mention was that her salary and quarterly bonuses totalled one million pounds.
Murder pays well.
"Fifty thousand a year is more than enough," she told the press, on her way to another pointless meeting with Reed. "I might reduce it again. It's only fair."
"So Mister Janesh received over five hundred thousand a year?" a reported asked, fighting his way to the front. "He's the one who cut people's benefits, correct?"
Ivory's eyes fell to the ground and she nodded slowly, her lips quivering.
"He's the one who cut everything," she said. "A pity people had to die before we cut him."


Homecoming

I moved to Liberia, West Africa.
The big three hadn't touched Africa yet, so it was the safest place to be. Of course, safety and freedom came at a high price. The continent was still rebuilding after a civil war, so resources were slim. There were no landlines, running water, a lack of hospitals and doctors, and the dirt roads and rickety bridges closed off most of the country. Monrovia, the capital city, was still a lovely place to be, despite being behind with the times. All I had to do was convince my family about the move...
Kizzy couldn't stand the heat, so I spent thousands on air conditioning until she was cool in every room. Still unemployed, the cheaper labour meant I could afford the local nurses. The British ones had left after my public humiliation, terrified someone would come after them too. It took some months before Kizzy was her cheerful self again.
My parents were ecstatic about returning to the Mother Land. They had planned on going home, so they were happy to enjoy their final years in Liberia. My older brother was buried on their plot of land, so the whole family spent several hours cleaning his gravesite.
We quickly built a four bedroom house on the outskirts of the capital city, Monrovia. Across the dirt yard was a two bedroom cottage for the servants, a young maid and her boyfriend, who was the gatekeeper and security guard. She kept the land clean and tended to my brother's gravesite while her boyfriend manned the gate, and kept watch late at night and during the early hours if there was civil unrest. Outside were a pen for the chickens, pigs, and goats, the water pump and well, and a small pond for Kizzy and Dad to fish together.
Danna didn't want to come, but she caught the first plane when she heard Kizzy was expecting her.
When Danna arrived at the terminal, she walked right past me and hugged her niece, kissed my parents, and then motioned for me to get her suitcase.
"Hello, Danna," I said.
"Hello, Damon...If that's your real name."
"Oh, don't be so stupid!" I dumped the suitcase on the floor. "I lied to protect you."
"No fighting!" Kizzy screamed, thumping her head with her fists. "Stop it!"
"You're upsetting her," Mum said.
I reached out to Kizzy but she smacked my hands away. Danna tried but Kizzy screamed louder, so she backed away too. Mum pushed Kizzy over to the sweet stand. Before he followed them, Dad turned back and said, "Talk like adults or don't bother coming home."
"It's my house!"
"On our land," he said, and walked away. "Watch it, Damon!"


Danna and I sat on the bench outside and watched the planes taking off. She licked an ice cream cone and I gobbled down a pack of rainbow candy. Neither of us spoke until the food was gone.
"I accept your apology," she said, tossing the empty cone into the bin. "Now give it."
"I shall after I receive yours."
"Oh, Damon, grow up!"
"Just get over it."
"Get over it? Are you serious? You're the one who cut the school funding? I had to quit my job because I couldn't afford childcare anymore. You did that!"
"I did it for the sake of everyone."
"You earned half a million a year and didn't offer me a friggin' penny." I offered her my handkerchief but she turned away. "I loved that job. Three interviews, two group sessions, and one bloody hard assessment. I kissed arse for five years and all for nothing!"
"I'm sorry," I said. "I've got money left over."
"I should hope so!"
Another plane took off and a buggy appeared between the parked aircraft. It stopped on the other side of the runway and the driver got out. He watched us through binoculars before taking pictures.
"Are you listening?" she snapped.
"Sorry!"
"How much do you have left?"
"I tied up a lot in Cull, but I've got some stocks and shares in various companies...When they respond to my letters, I'll release the cash."
"For flip's sake! Why're they ignoring you?"
"Because Cull has connections everywhere," I said. "The money's as good as gone. It's not mine anymore, if it ever was."
"How could you lie to us?"
"Cull doesn't just hire people. They want something in return. They want your life."
Danna's eyes widened.
"No, not like that," I said. "They just want something juicy to hold against you. They want to know everything about you so they can trace your entire history. I just felt it was none of their business."
"So you lied to us both?"
I nodded.
"So you stayed in that crappy apartment for nothing?" She laughed. "A multi-millionaire living with rats and cockroaches? So the admin, clerical, call centre, street cleaner jobs were all hogwash?"
"My Cull work involved some admin, and I manned my own phone, most of the time."
Danna smacked me round the head and laughed while I rubbed my bruised ego.
"I didn't want them to find you lot," I said. "Can you imagine the media circus? All the more reason to move out here with us."
"And do what?"
"Auntie Emma has government connections. She'll get us good work with western pay. Lots of income with little expenses? Sounds darn good to me!"
Danna took out her plane ticket and fanned herself, so I gave her my handkerchief. She tied her hair extensions back into a bun and wiped down her neck.
"I'll think about it," she said. "I can't just uproot Clive and Kelly like that. Give me some time."
Time saved her life.


Auntie Emma did as promised. She got me a supervisory role at the second biggest bank in the country, where I earned one hundred thousand dollars a year. I spent my days ordering employees around, always keeping focus on the biggest bank in the country.
"We will take over," I said, during our Monday morning meeting. "They weren't always the biggest."
The attendees nodded in agreement.
"How can we attract more customers?" I asked. "Judy, how did the questionnaires go?"
"Our competitors offer three things we don't," she said, her American accent strong. "Referral discounts, longer opening hours, and voluntary schemes for employees."
I heard some groans.
Judy handed me the questionnaire results and showed me the positive comments left by responders.
"You found us a scheme?"
"Yes, boss man." Judy pulled out a bunch of pamphlets from her handbag and placed them on the table before handing one to me. "It's the local-"
"Eighty per cent of Liberians can't read," I said. "I'm not one of them."
"Sorry, boss man."
On the front of the pamphlet was a pot-bellied black girl with tears in her big brown eyes. She was clutching a dirty doll with a broken leg. Behind her was a lifeless woman with flies swarming over her face. HELP was written in blood red letters above the girl's head.
"How much do they want?" I asked. "Ten thousand? Hundred thousand? We're not giving a million unless we can use the donation for publicity purposes."
"They want us to volunteer our time."
"Fuck."
"I think you should do it, boss," she said. "If someone high profile does it, it'll reflect well on the rest of us."
And so began my first ever volunteering stint.


"Put on these, boss man," the group leader, Uziah, said, handing me a pair of muddy dungarees. "Do they fit?"
I struggled to pull them over my muscular legs, the seams clinging on for dear life. The other volunteers chuckled quietly amongst themselves. Next was a damp jumper with HELP sewn above the red logo of a teardrop.
"Why is it wet?" I asked.
"The last group used it."
I looked over the others' dry matching grey t-shirt and shorts, several pairs of sneakers waiting by their feet. Beside me was a pair of hole-ridden boots with flimsy laces. Muttering curse words, so the orphans wouldn't hear, I done up the boots and grabbed my shovel.
"Don't worry, boss," Uziah said, wiping his sweaty bald head. "We'll rest soon."
"Do you know when the press will get here?"
"Dunno."
"Judy was supposed to call them!"
"Judy didn't call them?" He shrugged. "Oh well."
Uziah ushered the fifteen volunteers away to the hole in the ground. They took their shovels and began to dig away the dirt, dumping the mud in a pile further away. I decided to rest under the tree close by, sighing happily as the cool breeze met me under the shade.
"A reporter!" Uziah shouted. "Over there!"
I dashed over to the hole and started shovelling dirt, keeping an eye out for the camera flash.
There was none.
When I looked back, Uziah was doubled over in fits of laughter. He sat cross-legged in the shade and poured himself a cup of water.
"Cheers," he said, raising the glass. "Only seven hours to go."


I know what you're thinking. What does all this have to do with the human cull? It was all over, wasn't it? The evil Mister Janesh had gone, so the cuts were finished. None of the laws passed were changed back, even though the prime minister kept promising too. Still, I bet people were happy to see me gone. Things weren't how they used to be, but at least it wasn't how it could've been.
Ding dong, the evil prick had gone. Long live Queen Ivory, the future serial killer.


I couldn't wait to burn my boots.
No more mud. No more hot sun. No more Uziah chilling out while I slaved away.
Soon I'd be back in my air conditioned office surrounded by pie charts, presentations, and Judy rushing around after me. My bonus? Record profits once the press heard about my good deed. From now on, we'd be the people's bank. I had enough pictures to fill brochures for years to come. Now all I needed were some photo ops with our new happy customers.
"Where are the kids?" I asked, camera ready. "Their parents won't mind, will they?"
"Their parents are dead."
"Oh...So they won't mind some pictures, then."
I would get great publicity. They would get their well. Everyone was happy. If the well broke down, we'd hire some professionals to fix it, take more lovely pictures, and update our website.
Thirty children rushed from the rickety school bus and skipped over to the well. They hung the bucket on the hook and slowly lowered it into the water. Then they tugged the rope until the bucket had risen back up. When it reappeared, the children cheered and dipped their cupped hands into the water. They sipped it slowly, careful not to spill a drop.
"Take as much as you like," I said, looking for the cutest kid.
"No more," a chubby girl cried. "The others need some."
The children nodded in agreement before gathering around me. The girl pulled out a crumpled card from her pocket and handed it to me. I wiped off the chocolate smudge to see the stick drawing of a man out in the orange sun. He was surrounded by children, one in a wheelchair.
"Didn't spend much," the girl said. "We're saving up!"
"For what?" I crouched down beside her. "Dolls? A laptop? Nicer clothes?"
The children laughed.
"School books," she said. "Pencils and paper too."
The children gave me a group hug before moving on to the other volunteers, who also got cards and hugs. Uziah was last. He reached into his bag and pulled out a box of chocolates. The children squealed and carried the box back to the bus, where their teachers were waiting.
"School books," I whispered. "Pencils. Paper."
"They're close to their target," Uziah said. "Only ten more dollars to go."
"I could just buy it for them. Why waste their time?"
"It teaches them the value of money. The world won't just hand them things. We don't want the next generation to rely on aid. We'll do big things by ourselves."
"Teach a man to fish..."
"Exactly. Provide the support they need." He patted the bucket. "They'll help themselves."
"A pump would've been better."
"The Cull boss man wants to spend more?"
"I know, I know...So, anymore water projects?"
"I didn't think you'd be interested."
"Well, we'll need more publicity, so I might as well help..."
"We're expecting a cash injection soon," he said. "Bensonville Orphanage's well broke down again. Needs replacing. It'll be a long job, so you'd better think about it."
"If the bank donates money, can we install a water pump instead?"
"Don't you have enough publicity?"
I looked down at the drawing of Kizzy, a big smile on her face.
"It's not always about money," I said. "I just want to give back for a change. I'm used to taking away."
"Well, you've finally done good, son."
Uziah gathered the tools and stacked them in the shed. He locked the door and strolled over to his truck.
"That's it?" I asked. "Oh, come on!"
"What more do you want?" He shrugged. "We've built the well. We'll wait for more money and start again soon."
"Didn't you just say we shouldn't rely on aid? We can't sit around here doing nothing!"
"I also said we don't want hand outs." He turned his back on me. "We don't want your bank's money."
"Fine, then!" I threw my hands up. "Turn down millions if you want, but please don't screw over those kids."
"Like you care..."
"I do care!"
"Why?"
"Because...I don't bloody know!" I would've torn my hair out if it was long enough. "For flip's sake! Just do something!"
"Like what?" He turned back to me. "You're the new boss man in town. What do you suggest?"
"Back home, we do charity drives. We should start those. If the children can do it, why can't we?"
"The rich don't care. The government is too busy doing whatever it is they do. The foreign aid workers beg abroad. We're on our own."
"What about the people? Your people! Our people...If we get their attention, surely they'll donate whatever they can? Their time, their money, their unwanted goods. If it has some worth, we'll take it, damn it!"
"But how do we get their attention?"
"I'll make some calls," I said. "Leave everything to me..."


The mayor stepped onto the platform and took the scissors from the curvaceous long-legged brunettes behind him. The women flowed down the stage, their crystal white ball gowns glistening in the sunshine. Photographers rushed to the stage and took pictures of the mayor standing at the red tape hanging over the well.
"I declare this well open," he said, cutting the tape.
The crowd cheered, even Kizzy clapped. Mum dabbed her teary eyes and Dad patted me on the back. I held my head high, watching the children rushing towards the pump. They tugged at the lever and water gushed out, splashing the mayor. He laughed and stepped down, leaving the children to play in the cool water.
"Well done," he said, shaking my hand.
"Thank you, sir." There were bright flashes around us. "It's a good turnout."
"A pity it's the last."
The mayor waddled away with the photographers in tow. They took hundreds of pictures of him standing by the limousine with the gorgeous models.
I spotted Uziah by the truck, so I pushed over Kizzy to meet him. He smiled briefly before turning away, wiping his nose on his arm. I peered into the shed and saw the bare cupboards and floor.
"Where to next?" I asked.
"Home. No more wells, and definitely no water pumps."
"Aw, lots of towns need one," I said. "Now we're better skilled we'll work much faster."
Uziah spun round and slammed the shed door. He chained it shut and shoved the key into his pocket.
"What happened?" I asked.
"Our next project was cancelled."
"The disabled kids' pump? Don't worry. The bank will fund it."
"They're not disabled like her," he said. "They're sick..."
I shrugged.
"They've got AIDS."
I shrugged again.
"Aren't you scared?" he whispered.
"You don't catch it like the common cold."
Uziah gave me a quick hug and smiled with pride.
"Who cancelled the project?"
He pointed at the mayor.
"Don't worry," I said. "I'll take care of it."


Wow. Stepping away from the noisy, dusty streets into the mayor's office was like moving from a beggar's shack to the queen's palace. The receptionist escorted me to the waiting room, where two women in red suits brought in a tray of sweets with two glasses and a jug of iced tea. I accepted the drink, so one poured a glass while the other dropped in two ice cubes. The women stood over me while I took a sip.
"Thank you," I said.
The women hurried out the room before the mayor entered. He spread his arms and squeezed me tight while we hugged. The women returned and moved the cushions so he could sit beside me, and then rushed out again.
"Damon, how is Auntie?"
"Fine, man." I turned over the second glass. "Thirsty?"
"Sorry to be rude, but I'm a busy man," he said, suddenly sullen. "Is this about the water project?"
"How'd you know?"
"My eyes were watching and my ears were listening. Plus Uziah's been moping around like someone died."
"Someone could die if you end the AIDS water project."
The mayor flinched when I said AIDS.
"Something wrong?" I asked.
"We have to delegate resources very carefully," he said. "No one gets priority over anyone else."
"The kids aren't getting special treatment, they're being punished."
The mayor glanced at his diamond encrusted watch.
"Going somewhere?"
"Yes, my meeting starts in five minutes."
"Then we have five minutes," I said. "So, what will you-"
"You're not in the United Kingdom anymore. You westerners cannot come in here and tell Africa what to do!"
"You take our money, though."
"Not anymore..."
"What do you mean by that?"
"You caused this mess," he said. "If those children die, it's your fault."
The mayor stood up and sneered at me, his fists clenched at his side. I edged away as he leaned closer to me, his eyes locked onto mine.
"Don't you think I wanted to save those children? They are Liberia's future too, you know!"
"Then help them."
"I must think of the others."
"What others?"
"The rest of the country," he said. "I cannot lose funding for everyone to save a few."
The women opened the door and red suited men strode in, smiling at the mayor. He shook their hands and then went into entrance hall. I rushed after him but the women blocked my way. He wearily ascended the staircase, his hands trembling. At the top, he looked down and shook his head.
"I hope you sleep well at night," he said. "I know I don't."


Back home, Auntie Emma was waiting on the front porch, pacing up and down. I spread my arms and she smacked them down, her fat fingers stinging my hands. She pulled me down to the servants' quarters and barked orders I couldn't understand. The maid and gatekeeper hurried to the main house, leaving Auntie and I alone.
"What's wrong?" I asked. "Is everyone all right? Is Kizzy sick?"
"Heard 'bout the AIDS pump?"
I nodded.
"Know why the government cut funding?"
"I asked the mayor but-"
"No, fool. Your government!"
I gulped.
"I didn't realise-"
"People say they're cutting foreign aid. If you want more, you gotta follow orders."
"Like what?"
"Drop the dead weight...Whatever that means."
I took a deep breath before telling her.
"We can't cut anymore," she cried. "We have little as it is!"
"The mayor seems to have an awful lot."
"And who else?"
Mum came out the main house, so Auntie ordered her back inside.
"Damon, call your country right now. People say this is your fault! Fix it. Now!"
"I don't work there anymore."
Auntie pushed past me and marched into the main house. She ordered the servants out and then pointed at the mobile phone. "Use it," she said. "Call Great Britain."
"What's happening?" Mum asked. "Emma, wha rong?"
"Stupid boy killin' people, mehn!"
"What?" Mum clipped me round the ear. "Why?"
"I didn't kill anyone!" I said, rubbing my throbbing ear.
"Didn't change British law?" Emma kissed her teeth. "He's killin' us, mehn."
Mum took my hands and looked me right in the eye. She stared at me until I looked away.
"I'm sorry," I said, struggling to see through my tears. "Cull just did this to hurt me."
"What are they doing?" she asked, wiping my tears.
"Cutting expenditure. They did it in the UK and now they're doing it everywhere else. They're probably scared there'll be more riots if they cut more back home."
"What can we do?"
"The bank will provide the money, all right? The AIDS orphans will get their water pump, mark my words. They've suffered enough. People have suffered enough...because of me."
"Hurry, then!" Auntie said, shoving the phone into my hand. "Call your boss!"
The phone rang.
"Hello?"
"It's me, Judy. Boss, the orphanage is on fire!"


Children rushed from the bushes and jumped into the river. The carers joined them, washing the cool water over their skin. Uziah appeared from the forest and waved me over. He grabbed the bucket from my hand and pulled me into the woods. We ran ahead, a thick cloud of black smoke rising into the sky.
Hundreds of people were running to safety. Then there was calm until I heard the flames ahead, gusts of wind blowing the hot air into our faces, into our lungs. The next group of escapees were cradling their charred limbs, some collapsing to the earth. I stopped to pick a little boy up but a man got there first. He threw the boy over his shoulder and ran after the others.
"Come on!" Uziah shouted.
I followed him through the thickets, across a clearing, and through a village of five huts. A woman rushed from the hut and pulled Uziah away from the forest. He shook her off but she called after him.
"It's too late," she sobbed. "There's nothing left."
"Eh, mehn! Did they get everyone out?"
She shook her head.
Uziah fell to his knees and bawled. He raised his hands and howled at the clouds of smoke blackening the blue sky. The woman removed her bright coloured headscarf and used it to wipe his tears.
"It's okay, Pa," she said. "Maybe it's for the best."
"What?" He pushed her off. "Pardon?"
"Pa, they took the survivors."
"Who?"
"People from the city. They said the mayor cut the other programmes because of the ill kids. They wanna get rid of them."
Uziah rushed into the closest hut and emerged with two shotguns. He handed one to me and shoved bullets into his. His daughter tried to grab the gun but he shoved her to the ground. She scrambled back into the hut, crying out someone's name.
"You coming?" he asked.
"I haven't fired a real gun before..."
"Don't worry," he said. "Today you'll get some practice."


Uziah peered over the hedge and then dropped down beside me. My ear pressed to the dirt, heavy footsteps trudging our way. The gun was shaking in my hands, so Uziah snatched it away.
"Be quiet," he whispered. "Wanna die today?"
"I'd rather not."
He thrust the gun into my hands and peered out through the leaves. He raised his hand for a moment before motioning ahead. Staying low, I followed him through the woods, following the sound of drums beating and loud hollering.
Minutes later, I looked round the tree and saw five girls sitting with their hands tied. A man pulled one across the clearing and pushed her onto the pile of logs.
Five other men hovered round a large steaming pot. They removed their shirt and trousers and pulled on skirts of burnt palm leaves. The taller man dumped a handful of dirt and tossed it into the pot, black steam emanating from within. The other men dragged the girls onto the pile of wood and then one man disappeared into the forest.
"Him first," Uziah said. "Move!"
We dashed round the clearing, careful to avoid stepping on noisy twigs or leaves. On the other side, we stopped to look out, but the missing man had yet to return. The others were stacking more twigs and broken branches over the girls, who were screaming for help.
"Pay attention," Uziah said. "We can't let him spot us first!"
"Let's go!"
I crept onwards and Uziah stayed close behind. When he heard any noise, he grabbed my arm and we stayed still until it was quiet. Then we pressed on, keeping an eye out for the missing man.
Suddenly Uziah cried out and fell to the dirt. He pointed at his leg, a dagger poking from his knee. I reached for it but he smacked my hand away. I sensed another presence, so I slowly turned round.
The man held the dagger at my throat and grabbed the shotgun. He tossed it aside and then turned me round, pushing me back to the clearing. I glanced back and saw Uziah lying down, his eyes glazed over.
"Who's that?" the taller man asked when we returned.
"The westerner." My captor shoved me to the ground and laughed when I fell face down into the dirt. "The one who caused this mess."
"Oh, the Cull man."
I looked up but the man behind pressed his foot onto my head, pushing me back down. I managed to turn my head towards the taller man, who patted me on the face.
"You've heard about me?" I asked. "All good?"
"You're not bringing that abortion crap over here, understand? God has a plan and you're not messing it up."
"So God decided to kill these innocent children?"
He rolled his eyes.
"You don't understand."
"Explain, then."
"They've got the disease," he said. "It killed their parents. It won't be killing us!"
"You know we can't catch AIDS by skin contact?"
"I know that!" He shook his head in disgust. "They won't kill us like that."
The tall man snapped his fingers and the captor pulled me up. He held my hands firmly behind my back while the leader towered over me.
"Your country said we can't have aid unless we manage it properly. They said we're wasting it."
"How?"
"On sick people who can't be cured," he said. "In your country they kill sick people. It puts them out their misery, they said, so we're inhumane for keeping these kids alive. If they die, we get our aid back. Or they'll send in an army and take over."
"They're lying!"
"So we can cure these girls?"
I shook my head.
"Then what's the point? They can't get married, have kids, and grow old. What's the point?"
"They can still have a life. It's not a normal life, but so what? It's better than nothing!"
"So what do you suggest?"
"Let them live," I said. "Tell the UK to screw its aid! We'll raise the money ourselves. We've got the oil, the rubber, the gold, and-"
There was a loud bang and the ground violently trembled, toppling us over. The girls wriggled free and escaped into the bushes while I ran back to Uziah. The tall man chased me there and thumped me on the back of my head. I felt blood and sweat trickling down my neck.
"You're not going anywhere," he said. "Stay here!"
The tall man directed two men towards the explosion while the others retrieved Uziah from the bushes. His bald head was covered in purple and reddish bruises, blood trickling from his eye. Blood was still gushing from the sliced leg, so I removed my shirt and wrapped it around his knee. He cried out as I tightened the makeshift bandage around his leg.
"A bomb! The church!" One of the men rushed from the forest. "The Muslims did it!"
"How you know?" the tall man asked.
"One of their women delivered a package," he said. "She ran before the package exploded. The vicar is dead! His body's all over the damn church, mehn!"
The tall man cursed and pointed at the forest. His followers brought him the two shotguns and he slung them over his shoulders. The men ran into the forest, leaving Uziah and I alone.


Dad parked the van outside the house and waited for the gatekeeper to let us in.
"How foolish," he said. "You almost got killed out there!"
"I know, I know."
The gate slid open and we drove in. Kizzy was playing in the front yard with my mother. They were chasing chickens into the pens, but Mum stopped when he parked up. I got out and quickly apologised before she began her rant.
"I don’t want to hear it," she spat. "You could've been killed out there!"
"I know, I know."
I walked towards the house but Mum stepped in front of me. She pointed at Kizzy and said, "Do you want her to be an orphan?"
"We'll talk later," I said. "I don't want to upset her."
"Oh, but you dying wouldn't upset her?" Mum grabbed a chicken before it escaped. "Anyway, it's time for her afternoon nap."
"I'm going out," I said, hurrying into the main house.
Dad kissed his teeth and stormed past me into the kitchen, dropping the van keys at my feet. He poured himself a short glass of vodka, and gulped it down. Mum wheeled in Kizzy and placed her in front of me.
"Tell her goodbye."
"I'll see you soon, baby." I kissed her on the head and ruffled her hair. She giggled and blew me a kiss, so I caught it and placed it on my cheek. "Love you."
"Bye, Daddy!"
The servants brought me a clean t-shirt and baggy trousers, so I got changed in their quarters, but I could still hear Mum's ranting and raving in the main house. Then I hopped into the van and hesitated over the ignition. When Mum appeared on the patio, I zoomed out the gates and sped off to town.


Today I killed seven hundred million people, but I hope I saved billions more.
If not for those billions, I would go back in time and stay home. I would plait Kizzy's hair and play dolls with her. I would give her a hot bath and read her a story before bed. Then I would rock her to sleep, even though she was too big to hold.
Once she had fallen asleep, I would go out and watch Nigerian movies with my parents. Mum and Dad would fuss over which movie to watch first, and Mum would win...or so she thought. Dad would give me that all-knowing wink when the movie started. When the end credits rolled, I was the only one still awake.
Now I'm the only one still alive.


Cull

I didn't realise at the time, but Africa's human cull had begun. Actually, it started long before my time, but with relation to your story, it started today.
I parked outside the burnt out remains of the church, an ashy steeple blocking the doorway. I climbed over it and saw pitch black bodies littered around, smoke rising from their skin before the wind blew it away. Around each corpse were several loved ones holding hands weeping. A priest went to each body, doused them with holy water, and then joined the family in prayer, the water sizzling on the hot flesh.
"What're you doing here?" Auntie Emma appeared holding a toddler, his bloody head wrapped in a thick bandage. He peered out before burying his face in her chest. "Came to see your mess?"
"I didn't do this!" I whispered. "Stop saying that!"
"You killed his parents," she said. "I know you started this. You and the white men."
I threw my arms in the air and walked away but she followed me across the church. We reached the chancel, where I knelt down and clasped my hands in prayer before the charred crucifix overhead.
"He can't save you now," she said. "You're not going up there."
"Look, shut up!" I hissed. "I know it looks a little different, but don't you remember where you are?"
Auntie knelt down with the boy in her arms and bowed her head.
"Your people did this, you know."
"Auntie, please!"
Another bang threw me down the steps. The heat burned my skin. I couldn't get up. My ears were ringing, pounding so loud I thought I'd gone deaf. I saw lips moving and people running away and flames spreading above me, burning the shattered crucifix. I turned over and locked eyes with Jesus, his eyes glowing amber as the fire devoured him.
The boy crawled onto me and wept, his tears stinging the gashes across my torso. I reached down and pulled him closer, his body lighter than expected. A liquid was gushing down my legs, so I put my hand down to stop the flow. My fingers sunk into the mushy substance and the boy screamed.
"Jesus Christ!" I cried.
The boy rolled off me and fell to the floor, a blood pool edging towards me. I tore off my t-shirt and wrapped it around his leg stumps. He whined once more before the life left his eyes.
"Auntie Emma?"
"Here, mehn!"
I spotted her limp hand waving under the front pew. I rushed over and cursed when I saw the nail protruding from her neck. She coughed up blood and reached out to me, so I knelt beside her.
"Tell your ma I'm sorry for leaving," she said. "I'll see Ma and Pa and tidy up before she gets home. I won't go into her room, I promise."
"You'll tell her yourself!"
I retrieved the bandage from the dead boy and brought it to Auntie, but she mustered enough strength to smack my hands away.
"Damon, who did this?"
"They said it was the Muslims."
"What do you say?"
"Maybe they did."
"I know where you used to work," she said. "I know what you used to do. Your ma told me."
"She knew?"
"Except you, we're not a stupid family."
Auntie had a coughing fit, blood spilling from her mouth. I rested her head on my lap and stroked her blood stained plaits.
"So what're you saying?" I asked. "Please, just tell me."
"Don't believe everything you hear. I don't. The Muslims didn't give trouble before. Yeah, some street fighting and riots and...the usual. No bombing like in your country. Over here, we get along."
"It was a set up."
"You said it, not me."
Auntie took my hand and squeezed gently.
"You made this mess," she said. "Clean up after yourself, mehn!"
I pulled on my bloodstained shirt and gently placed Auntie down. I retrieved Jesus' head and rested him by hers. After a quick prayer, she was gone.
"Auntie dead?"
Wiping my tears, I turned to face the tall man from the forest. He dropped the shotgun by me and waved me over. My legs wobbly, I stumbled over and he propped me up.
"Wanna make things right, mehn?"
I nodded.
"Kill them."
"Who?"
"Those terrorists! They killed Auntie."
"The Muslims didn't do this! I think it was a set up.
"This isn't the first time," he said. "They've hit us before. Last time, they killed thirty. Today it's almost a hundred. No more!"
He snapped his fingers and a gathered a group of fifty men near the door. They huddled together, swapping guns, machetes and knives. When each one was armed, they climbed over the steeple and marched off down the street.
I raced outside and slipped down an alley. I sprinted across Monrovia, hiding from Christian fighters when need be.
Twenty minutes passed before I finally spotted a qu'ran. I approached the dark-skinned man with my hands raised, so he waved me into the mosque. He introduced himself as Iman Jamal, and passed me several leaflets on Islam.
"Have you come to pray for the deceased?" he asked.
"You heard about the bombing-"
A woman dressed in a red hijab pushed past us and rushed down the street, her quick feet causing a dirt haze around her. At the top of the road, she turned back and smiled before pulling the burka over her pale face.
"Is she white?" I asked.
"There is no discrimination here."
"What did you hear about the bomb?"
"A Muslim woman delivered my package to the priest. It exploded."
"Why did you blow him up?"
"I didn't," he said. "The package must have been switched."
"Who was the delivery girl?"
"A new member of the mosque, who's always eager to please...My wife warned me about her, but I always give people a chance. No one's perfect."
"I know...What did she look like?"
"Light-skinned, a red hijab, big grey eyes, and soft spoken."
"Thick lips?"
"Very."
"She flirted with you, didn't she?"
"Always, but I never gave in. Allah knows I was tempted, but there won't be three in my bed...I don't lie with devils."
"Wasn't that the woman?"
My memory goes into slow motion at this point.
There was a shrill scream and several women rushed from the podium, one of them clutching a bulky qu'ran. Jamal spoke in another language, and the farthest woman cried out in reply. Then he grabbed my arm and pulled me away, but it was too late.
I was lying on the floor when I opened my eyes. Pages of the qu'ran rained down on me, followed by limbs. My gut felt as though it'd been ripped out, but when I looked down everything was still there. Besides the gashes and burn patches, I was still intact. The arms, legs, and heads scattered around me showed the women didn't make it.
There were loud gunshots outside and fighters stormed the building, crucifixes dangling round their necks. One raised his machete over my head and I closed my eyes.
"He's safe," a familiar voice said. "Keep lookin'."
The tall man helped me stand and then hurried after the others, directing them around the mosque. There were more loud pops and screams, blood spilling down from the balcony overhead. A man jumped over the balcony and there was a crack when his head hit the floor. A Christian fighter leaned over the balcony and fired several shots into the man's torso, which convulsed as the bullets tore him to apart.
"They're coming," a man shouted. "Get outside!"
I looked out the window and saw hundreds of men and women marching towards the mosque, armed with machetes and pistols. The man leading was reading from the qu'ran, a gunshot slung over his shoulder.
I rushed the other way but a procession of Christians was descending upon me. They stopped near the mosque and raised their weapons, shouting at the Muslim party.
Someone behind me threw a rock, which hit a Christian woman between the eyes. She fell to the dirt, howling as blood trickled down her face. Two women carried her away while the men checked their guns and reloaded if necessary. I looked back and saw the Muslims doing the same.
A bullet whistled past my ear, so I ducked. Deafening pops bashed my eardrums. I curled into a ball as people rushed around me, bullets flying overhead and blood spraying on me. I kept my eyes closed and curled tighter.
You think you know, but you have no idea.
Viewers see landmarks they recognise and feel a buzz of excitement. Some get angry because they know they'll pay for the damage. I never felt anything, to be frank. It would all be over soon. It was the UK, after all, not some third world country. The police would come, water cannons and guns, shoot and beat the rioters into submission. The next day, boarded up store windows would be the only evidence of yesterday's madness.
Riots don't work. Revolutions do.
I was the only one left standing. I walked through the sea of bodies, some still gasping their last breath. There was a stream of blood flowing into the sewage troughs on other side of the street.
My mobile rang.
"Oh, thank God!" Dad cried, Mum bawling in the background. "Your Auntie's dead!"
"I know," I said. "She died in my arms."
"Get back here! We're leaving for Sierra Leone."
"I'll meet you over there. Stay near the coast in case you need to catch a boat."
"I'm not leaving you here!"
Mum howled louder and soon Kizzy joined in.
"Take the truck and go, okay? I'll meet you in Robertsport. If there's any trouble whatsoever, drive on. Cross the border and get to Uncle Samuel's house."
"Right, son," he said. "We'll meet you there."
Love you, Dad, I wish I'd said. Love you, Mum. Love you always, Kizzy.
"I've gotta go. See you in Sierra Leone."
When I ended the call, I felt another presence.
A live one.
I spun round and saw the Muslim woman, her red burka billowing in the wind. In her hands was a small black package tied with shiny string. She calmly walked towards me, stepping over the bodies at her feet. I backed away and ordered her to stop, but she moved faster and then started to run.
I glanced back and she threw the package, so I ducked as the bomb blew me to the ground. Glass from the front showered onto me, a large shard embedding itself in my thigh. I yanked it out and quickly tied my shirt around my leg, blood seeping through.
"Why did you do this?" I asked as she moved closer. "You could spark another civil war!"
"That's the point."
The woman tore the cloth from her face and slipped out the hijab. She tossed it over a corpse and straightened out her red trouser suit. She hurried into the mosque and returned with a white briefcase and ticket.
"Your family will not make it out alive," she said. "The roads will be closed once rebels hit the border."
"Sierra Leone won't shut us out! We helped each other during the war."
"They would if you endangered their people."
"We wouldn't...What have you done?"
"Right now, Executioners donning the Liberian flag are looting Sierra Leone's capital. Soon the media will report on the incident, and you know whose side they will take. Here's a clue...Not yours!"
The woman loosened her tidy brown ponytail and ruffled the edges. She shoved her hand into a corpse's gaping head wound and smeared the blood on her suit, and then rubbed blood into her fingernails. Then she took the dead man's machete and raised it over her wrist.
"It must be some huge bonus," I said, my vision blurry.
"Ten million dollars once I hit New York."
"New York? Don't you work for us?"
She laughed.
"I've got money, much more than ten million. Help me to the hospital and I'll wire it to you ASAP."
"Where do you think the money's coming from?" She brought the machete down and stopped before the blade hit her skin. "Ten million dollars...ten million dollars..."
"Isn't worth it."
"Says the man who killed millions for money and acclaim." She pointed the machete tip at me. "Don't judge me! I've hurt a few hundred or thousand, not millions like you have."
My whole body felt lighter. There was a pool of blood by my leg, but I wasn't sure if it was mine or the man beside me. I shivered, even though the hot sun was bearing down on me. I tried to raise my leg, but now my arms were limp.
The woman screamed and turned away, blood squirting onto my face. I cursed as I tasted her. She wrapped the headscarf around her stump and hurried away, sobbing loudly.
"I've got a daughter," I shouted. "Please! She's disabled! She needs me!"
"Only the strongest survive," she said. "Always remember the majority. If the weak must go, let them."
"I work at the bank. I'll withdraw all the money we have! Please, let me make sure she's all right. Let me see her again!"
"The bank will be gone soon. The prisoners won't let money sit there like that. You'd better hope your colleagues closed shop for the day or they'll pay..."
"She's too young to die!"
The woman turned back, her eyes bulging from their sockets. She rushed over and thumped me with the briefcase, splitting my forehead. I toppled over, landing face down in brain matter. She stabbed her heel into my leg wound and laughed as I burst into tears.
"Too young to die? You idiot! You killed all those babies and have the audacity to moan when it's your family's turn. People like you make me sick!"
She raised the briefcase over my head and brought it down, knocking me out cold.


"Judy, we've got to go!"
"No," she shouted. "We're not leaving him!"
The room shook and I smelt smoke. A man barked orders and people were running around. There was a hissing noise and the smoky smell faded. The room shook again and loud voices were outside.
"We're stuck in here," a woman cried. "What now?"
"We'll have to climb down," Judy said. "Remove your shirts and tie them together. Attach the end to the table."
"What about him?" a man asked.
I opened my eyes and everyone gathered around me. Judy dabbed a wet cloth onto my gashes and a strong burning sensation rushed through my limbs. The men held me down while she applied the rubbing alcohol to my leg wound. I bit down on a pencil until the pain subsided, the fiery feeling gradually turning into a tingly sensation.
Bandaged from head to toe, my male colleagues pulled me to my feet. They held me upright until my wobbly legs were steadier, and then escorted me over to the back window. I looked down and saw the three-storey drop to street level.
"What happens when I get to the bottom?"
"Run as best you can," Judy said, loosening her skirt. "Don't look back. Just move like-"
"My life depends on it. I know, I know."
Judy tied the makeshift rope around my chest and the men lifted my legs over the windowsill. Slowly they lowered me down, stopping every time a rebel was spotted. Near ground level, they moved faster and let me untie myself before pulling up the rope.
"Good luck," Judy said. "You're gonna need it, boss man."
"I'll wait for you."
"Don't bother."
Judy placed her cupped hands to her mouth and shouted, "A banker! A banker!"
An armed man appeared round the corner and pointed his machete at me. He shouted and others strode out from behind him, slotting bullets into their rifles.
"A banker! The boss man!"
Adrenaline doused my pain. I ran faster than ever, dodging bullets like an action star. It didn't feel real until a bullet grazed my leg, slicing through the bandage. I felt the blood spilling from my thigh, so I ran faster. The blood pumped harder, soon gushing from me.
I glanced over my shoulder and saw Judy and the others rushing from the bank via the front. When I looked again, a rebel shouted at them and fired, my colleagues falling down dead. Judy made it to her car, though, and sped off down the street.
Police officers and foreign soldiers appeared in the distance, charging towards me. One officer yelled at me but I couldn't understand him, so I kept running. Then he raised his gun and fired, the bullet slipping over my ear. I tripped over and landed in the dirt, dust clouds rising around me as bullets battered the earth.
The rebels fired back. Bullets, bombs, and blood were exchanged. Bodies fell and ambulance sirens blared. Two paramedics were shot before they reached the wounded. The remaining paramedics rushed back into the bullet-ridden vans and drove away, leaving their colleagues dying in the dirt.
Two rebels grabbed an officer and held him down while a third man used the officer's keys to unlock his handcuffs. His hands loose, he chained the officer to the police car, where the trio beat him beyond recognition. As the men walked away, two officers fired bullets into them and their lifeless bodies crashed to the ground.
Meanwhile, I stayed on the dirt, holding my breath whenever someone was close. I didn't trust the rebels or the police. I was on my own. I played dead until the gunshots died down and last machete had cut a life short. Even then, I lay with my eyes tightly shut and breathed only when it was safe to do so.
"Bring in the truck," a man shouted. He grabbed me by the wrist and dragged me over to the wheels. I heard loud bleeping as the vehicle reversed closer. Soon I was joined by bodies, their skin still warm, and soaked in their blood. Then bodies were piled on top of us. I turned my head so I could breathe properly, careful not to stir the bodies on me.
There was a loud thud and the heap felt slightly lighter. The men shifted the bodies onto the lorry and then shoved me into the back. Someone slammed the back door shut and thumped the side. The lorry pulled away and zoomed off down the street.


It was afternoon by the time we reached central Monrovia. The lorry had picked up many more dead on our way to the graveyard. I was so squashed I could barely breathe, but I had to keep still because a police car was behind us.
A gun was fired. The police shot ahead, cutting in front of the lorry. The truck driver swerved and several bodies toppled out the back. When he swerved again, I threw myself out and rolled under a parked car. I kept still while the workers reloaded the truck.
"Be careful," a woman said. "Don't forget any!"
"Shut up, mehn!" the driver shouted. "Lemme do my job."
I peered out and noted the street signs. Our van was parked near the church, which was at least two miles ahead.
"Let's go," the driver said. "She'll kill me if I miss lunch again."
The driver hopped into the truck and the police officers returned to their vehicle. They sped off and the woman went back into her house.
I let a few minutes pass before heading out. First, I was scared another lorry and more police would come by. If they saw me, bloody and bruised, they might assume I was a rebel fighter. Second, the adrenaline was wearing off and that natural high was fading. My body was heavier, weaker, and slower to respond, even though my mind was still working overtime.
I fished out my mobile from my trouser pocket, but it was soaked in blood. I pressed the keys and the phone gave a feeble bleep before a white line cut across the screen. It flashed and then shut off.
"Damn it!" I tossed the phone away. "I've gotta get out of here."
I slid out from under the car and hobbled down the street, keeping an eye out for more trouble. My nerves on edge, even a scraggly cat made me jump. I laughed it off, but my heart raced on until I reached the church.
I climbed over the steeple and found Auntie's body. The street was still quiet outside, so I carried her out. The van was parked round the corner. The plan was to drive her up north so Mum could see her before we left. We could release her into the ocean if need be, or somehow sneak her into Sierra Leone.
We loved that van.
Now the shiny white exterior was full of bullet holes. The thick tyres had been blown out, one slashed with a large knife. The seats had been ripped out with their stuffing scattered on the floor. There was a bloodstain on the carpet where the driver's seat should've been.
I placed Auntie in the back and closed the remaining door. Then I got behind the wheel and wept. My eyes were puffy and stinging, but I cried on. I didn't care who heard or saw me. The police, rebels, terrorists - the Executioners - could've struck me down right there, but I didn't give a damn anymore.
I was tired.
Then there she was, dressed in a flowing white gown, her afro tied back in a sparkly white shawl. She held out her hand, so I rushed over to take it. Hand in hand, we walked down the street. The police saw us, but stayed away. Rebel groups aimed at us, but didn't fire. Bombs hit the panicky capital, but we weren't harmed.
She stopped by a parked car and pressed her hand against the glass. It smashed and my hand throbbed.
"Get in," she said.
The keys were in the glove compartment. I locked the doors and sped off to Robertsport.


The sun hid behind the clouds as they released downpour. The rain battered the windscreen, the flimsy wipers losing the battle. I rolled down the window and saw the Robertsport sign.
"Almost there," I whispered. "We'll be-"
The woman in white suddenly appeared, so I swerved off the road. The car skidded across the mud and flew off the cliff, but the rocky edge caught the back bumper. I clung to the wheel as the rocks held on, my life in their hands. The car edged closer to the choppy waves below, the violent sea bashing into the shore.
"Help me," I whispered. "Help me, please!"
In the rear view mirror was a bright flicker. I looked over my shoulder and the woman grabbed the boot. She tugged and tugged and soon others helped, huffing and puffing as they pulled me to safety. I climbed over the back seat and fell to the ground.
"Thank you."
"It's all right," she said. "Let's go."
I rushed onwards, but when I looked back she was pointing towards Monrovia. My eyes followed her slender finger to the side road leading to home. I shook my head and walked away, but she appeared in front of me.
"Go home," she said.
"Why?"
"Go home."


Smoke billowed from the main house. The lights were on in the servants' quarters and the curtains were closed. I heard loud sobs from inside.
"Why're they still here?" I said. "They should've left already!"
I knocked at the door and the lights went out. The curtain shifted slightly and someone gasped before hurrying away. I knocked again but no one answered.
"The main house," the woman in white said. "Now."
Someone had cut the animals' throats and gutted them, flies hovering over their entrails. My subconscious flew into a panic, but denial held it down.
"It would be inhumane to leave them alive," I said. "They would've starved to death with no one to feed them."
My palms were sweaty when I slipped my key into the lock. I turned it slowly and paused before entering the kitchen.
I smelt it before I knew what it was.
Actually, I knew exactly what it was. I'd been surrounded by that awful stench all day. Still, I subdued the realisation creeping across my mind.
"Something's gone off," I said. "Why didn't Mum clear out the fridge?"
I walked past the fridge and stopped in the hallway. The smell was stronger now, forcing itself up my nostrils. I covered my mouth and crept towards Kizzy's bedroom. On the floor outside was a sticky substance. When I reached down to touch it-
"Don't."
That was me.
I knocked at Mum and Dad's, knowing they wouldn't open the door. I peeked inside, my parents lying cuddled up in bed. Their sheets were redder than usual.
My eyes were drawn back to the substance outside Kizzy's room. It had gone. Now there was a hole in the floorboard. I stood over it and saw the concrete foundation beneath.
"Go inside," she said.
Kizzy's wheelchair lay overturned in the ensuite bathroom. Her scrawny feet were poking from behind the door, violently shaking.
"It will be all right," the woman said. "It's over."
"No!"
I ran inside and turned Kizzy over. I heaved when I saw her face, a mushy mess sizzling away. I splashed her head with handfuls of water but it was too late. I knelt down and cradled the pulp in my arms, the acid burning through my bandages. I stroked where her eyes should have been and gently ruffled her hair.
The woman walked out the room, so I followed her, holding Kizzy close to me. I pushed open my parents' bedroom door and stood by the bed, finally seeing the soaked sheets. A bullet was lodged in Mum's head, a hole in Dad's temple. His arms were fixed tightly around her waist.
"Goodnight," I said, laying Kizzy next to Mum. I tucked them in and kissed them goodbye.
The woman came into the room and rested her head on my shoulder.
"What now?" I asked.
"Can you feel that?" She touched my heart and it burned. "It hurts, doesn't it?"
I nodded.
"Do you want that pain to go away?"
"No," I said. "I'm passing it on."
"An eye for eye."
"No, I won't retaliate like that."
I grabbed the stool under the bed and climbed into the attic. There was dusty box, my taser gun inside. I checked there was enough power and then clipped it on the holster.
"What are you going to do?"
"Cull." 
I slipped the gun into its pouch and went to the bathroom. After a long cold shower, I applied fresh bandages and slipped on dark clothes, a thick jumper and loose pants. Then I sat at the end of the bed and watched the sun set.
Hours later, the woman reappeared. She wrapped her arms around me and squeezed so tight my wounds ached. I wriggled free and escaped to the kitchen.
"The world doesn't need more death," she said. "Stop the madness."
"I will, but not lying down. I won't sit around and wait for them to get me."
I took out some plastic bags and loaded them with a first aid kit, more sweaters and trousers, and my heavy duty boots from the charity. I found Mum and Dad's mobiles and took a picture of their corpses.
"Why?"
"Because it's my job," I said. "It's my job to cut unnecessary things or people. Anything that drains society needlessly must go. No ifs or buts. Snip snip and we're better off."
"We're dead."
"I know, I know." I planted a kiss on her head. "And I'm sorry."
"Don't go! You'll die!" She stood in the doorway and spread her arms, so I walked through her. "Please, Daddy, don't!"
"I'm sorry, darling."


It was crazy, but I had to do it.
I needed help if I was going to storm Britain. I couldn't cruise in there without an army behind me. With the British public, Cull, Executioners, Leaks, police, and media against me, I'd be a dead man if I went alone.
Once I entered London, I would gain support. One of the aforementioned would aid my fight, but first I had to persuade them. If my plan succeeded, Ivory would be dead within twenty-four hours.


"Don't shoot!" I raised my hands and the rebels pushed me into the tent. Their leader glanced over his shoulder, his eyes widening when he saw me.
"You're still alive?" the tall man said. "Need help gettin' to Hell?"
"I'm not going there alone."
He motioned to the chairs and his followers shoved me down. The tall man sat down and pressed the shotgun barrel into my forehead. I maintained eye contact until he looked away.
"Why did you come, boss?"
"I need your help."
The rebels laughed.
"Our help?" He thrust his hands into my face, dried blood and other matter under his fingernails. "Need a helping hand?"
"I have lots of money, and no one to share it with."
"Keep talkin'."
"I've got at least forty million pounds in Britain. If you help me, I'll give every penny to you."
"And what's the catch?"
"Fly me to Britain. Help me access a television studio. Keep the police out. Simple."
"And...?"
"You can tell Britain about your suffering. Tell them about the bombings, the decapitation, the acid attacks."
"They know already," he said. "They don't give a shit."
"The general public doesn't know what it's really like! They think our government donates billions every year and expects nothing in return. Fifty billion pounds come here and hundred billion go there. It's all business, all profit. No wonder Africa's gone downhill."
"Then another war begins."
"We both know who really starts those. Tell Britain who trains the dictators. Tell Britain who bought the machetes and guns. Tell Britain who does business with both sides of the civil war."
"What happens when we get there?"
"I honestly don't know."
"So what's the point, mehn? What do you get outta this?"
"I want to start a European revolution."
No one laughed.
"Is this a joke?" he asked. "You know how much trouble you could cause? Liberia took fifteen years plus to escape from that madness! You wanna doom your people too?"
"I'm not dooming them," I said. "I'm freeing them."
"Another day, another cull." He shook his head and the others muttered amongst themselves. "You and your white people are always killin' somebody. Who's next?"
"On a personal level, three old friends of mine. On a business level, everyone at three organisations: Cull, Execution, and Leak. I'm clearing them out, every last one of them."
"And what about you?"
I shrugged.
"Maybe I'll go down with them, maybe I'll stick around...A pity that money will get whisked away by the government. Can you imagine the interest? Just picture how many hot women you could buy!"
The men cheered and the leader raised his hand to silence them. He sat back in his chair and mumbled to himself. I tried to catch what he said, but it was too quiet. He noticed me trying to lip read, so he covered his mouth behind his hands, his slit eyes watching me.
"Should I leave you two alone?" I joked.
No one but me laughed.
"I'm talking to him," he said, pulling out the cross hanging on his chain. "I need forgiveness."
The man closed his eyes and smiled, clutching the cross tightly in his grasp. Then he looked at me and said, "No."
"No?" I clasped my hands and knelt before him. "Please! You've got-"
"No, I don't." He pushed me away and two rebels grabbed an arm each. "Get out."
"You can't do this!"
I tried to wriggle free but their grips were strong. I kicked and lashed out, but they held me tighter, so tight it tore my bandages. The leader looked on from his seat, his lips curling into a smile.
I relented and the rebels loosened their grip. Then I tore my hands away and kicked one in the stomach, sending him crashing into the group behind him. The other got a punch to the eyeball. He fell down and lay motionless on the grass. The rebels grabbed their rifles and aimed at me before their eyes shifted to their leader.
"It's about time you got your hands dirty," he said. "I thought other fools did the dirty work for you."
"Not anymore."
"You need a ride?" he asked.
"...I've got my truck."
"It's our truck now." He opened his palm and I tossed the keys into it. "We're a team now, yes?"
"Yes, boss," I said.
"You ready to go home?"
"Yes, boss."
"Stop calling me boss. It's Baas!"


Baas waved over the rebels to the airfield. They scurried behind the luggage trolleys and one peered over the suitcase. He ducked and they fell to the tarmac as an armed soldier marched by.
"You ready?" Baas whispered.
"Let's go!" I said.
We ran across the runway, waving our guns over our heads. The armed guards pulled their guns from their holsters, but dropped them when rebels appeared behind them. The rebels pressed the barrels against the guards' heads, so they knelt down, placing their hands behind their heads.
"The plane's coming!" Baas shouted. "Back to the airport!"
We rushed back inside and gathered at the exit while the rebels tied the guards down by the check-in desk. The rebels removed the men's mobiles and smashed them to pieces. Then we stood together, one hundred rebels standing guard behind us.
The private plane had a smooth landing and slowly pulled up beside the fuel pump. The door opened and the pilot poked his head out, waving at us.
Baas pointed at four rebels and they strolled outside, their pistols hidden beneath their shirts. The pilot looked confused as the rebels approached, but he still shouted down orders when they reached him. They looked back us and Baas nodded.
"Come on," he said, nudging me. "Let's see our captain."
"I thought one of you would fly us there."
"No one taught us to read, let alone fly a plane!"
The two of us strode over to the plane as the rebels pulled the stairs to the door. The staircase locked into place and the pilot descended, smiling at everyone. He stopped on the bottom step and wiped his sweaty brow.
"It's bloody hot, isn't it?" he said. "I thought it was the rainy season?"
"How much fuel is there?" Baas asked.
"Rude," the pilot muttered. "Enough for Ghana."
"How about London, England?"
The pilot shook his head and backed away slightly, his eyes shifting to the airport and back. He laughed nervously and then pulled out the mobile lodged in his jacket pocket.
"Just need to call my wife," he said. "She'll worry if I don't."
"You're British like this one." Baas patted me on the back, his heavy hand knocking me forwards. "We can give your wife a message if you like?"
"No, I'm good!"
Baas snatched the mobile and crushed it under his foot. He collected the pieces and shoved them into the pilot's pocket.
"You're rebels, aren't you?" the pilot asked, his lips quivering. "Oh my God..."
"We won't kill you unless we have to," Baas said. "Do we have to?"
"Nope, I'm good!"
Baas pointed at the fuel pump and the pilot led the four rebels inside to refuel the plane.
"We can't just fly in there," Baas said. "Britain won't let us in!"
"Who was this plane for?"
"The mayor."
A young rebel rushed over and stood to attention until Baas looked his way.
"The mayor's car is close," the teenager said. "The army is here."
"How many soldiers?"
"Four bikes, six trucks, and two tanks."
"You'd think he was the president," Baas said. "It doesn't matter! There won't be any trouble."
"We're leaving?" I asked.
"We can't take on a tank!"
Baas waved the boy on, so he ran back into the airport.
"Get on the plane," Baas said. "The pilot will meet you inside the cockpit."
I ran up the stairs and into the cockpit. I ducked under the controls and kept low.
Ten minutes later, I heard the pilot and mayor speaking outside. Before they entered, several men charged upstairs and ran deeper into the plane. The compartments were opened and shut, someone rooted through the trolley, and then a gruff voice spoke over their walkie talkie.
"Let the mayor on," he said. "Hurry! Rebels have been spotted!"
I peeked from under the pilot's chair and saw the mayor step onto the plane, his flashy suit covered in dust with flecks of blood. The rebels helped him over to the front seat and fanned him while someone wiped his sweaty face.
"How much longer?" the mayor asked. "Get me to Ghana ASAP!"
"Your family are being driven over from the compound. We'll leave in twenty minutes."
"Well, go get them, then!"
"Yes, boss!"
Six soldiers rushed outside leaving the mayor with four others. They took seats around him, their rifles raised. He reclined in his chair and closed his eyes, soon snoring loudly.
There was a muted pop and one of the soldiers slumped over. The others leapt off their seats and pulled the mayor to the floor, shielding him from the entrance. The mayor pushed them off and crawled to the back of the plane, where he disappeared into the toilet and locked the door.
"Don't damage the plane," one of the soldiers said. "Move out!"
The men ran outside and exchanged fire with the rebels. Blood sprayed into the plane as the four men were struck by bullets. The men collapsed at the entrance and one tried to close the door, but Baas kicked it in and shot him point blank in the face. He dragged them out and pushed them downstairs.
"Mister Mayor?" Baas called. "It is safe to come out now. The rebels are dead."
"Thank God!" 
The mayor slowly emerged from the toilet, grasping a small pistol. His eyes followed the windows as he neared Baas. Then he stopped and looked Baas up and down.
"Who are you?"
"Baas."
"Oh...Anyway, when will my family get here?"
"Any second now," Baas said. "Give me the gun, please."
The mayor shook his head.
"Do you want Junior to see that?" Baas asked. "It sets a terribly bad example."
"You sound well educated. Where did you study?"
Quick as a flash, Baas raised his foot and slammed it into the mayor's face. The man crashed to the back of the plane, his head slamming into the open toilet door. The pistol flew out his hand and landed on the trolley.
"Come out," Baas said. "It's time to go."
I helped him drag the mayor to the back of the plane, and Baas used the man's belt to tie him to the seat. He removed the mayor's suit and shoes and tossed them over to me.
"Get changed, Mister Mayor."


Two air hostesses stepped onto the plane and waved at the rebels, who blushed as the slender redheads strutted by. Behind them were four security officers, all armed with pistols.
"Are you the mayor?" the skinny one asked. "Triple Travel Airways would like to send you our deepest condolences. We heard about your country's recent troubles, and wish your loved ones all the best."
"Unfortunately," the other said, "you were not cleared to enter British airspace. Liberia has not received the right accreditation to do so. We must ask you, again, to leave."
I spotted a rebel pulling out the gun from under his blanket, so I shook my head. He glanced over at Baas, who was quietly reloading his gun. One hostess followed my gaze and tapped her co-worker on the shoulder, who shook her off.
"When your country has the appropriate level of security measures at her airport, you may return if you wish. We look forward to seeing you again."
"Our country's at war and you're sending us back?" I asked. "Have you no bloody shame?"
The skinny one's plastic smile faded, revealing a sneer. She crossed her arms and leaned in, her slit eyes staring into mine.
"Sir, do you know how much trouble you are in? With the rise in terrorism-"
"Caused by your government."
"With the rise in terrorism, no one can take chances anymore. They could have shot you out of the sky. If you weren't related to your president, they may have done just that."
Eight rebels pounced on the four guards. I stayed in my seat, watching fists fly as every guard was knocked out. When the rebels raised their guns, Baas ordered them to stop.
All eyes turned to the women.
The hostesses screamed and ran to the back of the plane, and then screamed again when they saw the mayor sitting bound and gagged. The women rushed into the toilet and locked the door, so I pushed the trolley down the aisle, blocking their exit.
"Where to?" Baas asked.
"We can't just walk out of here bloody and bruised. We'll have to escape via the airfield."
"What's the security like?"
"I have no idea," I said. "I'm assuming there's a high fence and security guards on duty."
Baas looked around at the unconscious guards and muttered, "Security..."
The rebels closed the door and one smashed the windscreen. The pilot moved to the back of the plane and poured himself a glass of whiskey. He paused before drinking and then took a swig from the bottle. Before we slipped out, he raised his glass and said, "Cheers!"


The passengers rushed to the airport windows and cheered us on as we ran down the airfield. Security guards held the crowd back and blocked the airfield doors until their colleagues had arrived. The armed officers raced after us, threatening to shoot.
They wouldn't. Not with people watching.
We kept moving to the perimeter, a six foot high metal fence with barbed wire on top. I threw my jacket over the wire and two rebels gave the rest of us a boost. We landed on the other side just as the officers gained ground. The two rebels tossed their shotguns over, and then knelt down and placed their hands behind their heads.
"Keep moving!" Baas shouted, pulling me away.
There was a loud roar and four black vans zoomed towards us. The vans skidded to a halt, barely stopping before twenty heavily armed agents jumped out the back. Baas opened fire and the rebels quickly followed, striking the officers in their torsos. Puffs of their bullet proof vests flew off as the men were thrown backwards by the bullets' force. They reached into the vans and pulled out plastic shields, firing at us from their hiding place. We crossed the road and dashed into the forest, bullets hitting the trees around us.
"Keep moving," Baas shouted. "Don't stop!"
The adrenaline was back and my thoughts whizzed around my mind. Two rebels fell, one howling as blood poured from his leg while the other was lifeless on the ground. The rest ran faster, moving straight into denser forest.
Soon the bullets and officers' footsteps were quieter. Still, we kept moving faster until we had reached the road a mile from the airport. Vehicles were queued up to enter the car park nearby, horns blaring and customers cussing. When we stepped into the road, a driver pounded his horn and gave Baas two fingers.
"You plonker," the driver barked. "Does this look like the pavement to you? You bloody foreigners..." His voice trailed off when he noticed the blood splatter on our torn clothes. He sheepishly raised his hands to apologise, but Baas was already heading his way.
Baas opened the door and threw the driver into the street. He slipped into the driver's seat and bleeped the horn. The truck in front edged forwards, so Baas did a quick u-turn. We hopped in, the four rebels squashing into the back.
"Where to?" Baas asked, cruising away from the car park.
"London," I said. "I'm going home."


Too Late

"Let me go!" Leo yelled.
The thin wire was slicing into his skin, so he stopped trying to wriggle free. The front door creaked open, so he turned his head, cursing when he remembered he couldn't see.
"Hello, Leonardo," a soft voice said.
"Who are you?"
"Don't you recognise me?"
"Ivory? What're you planning?"
"I know what you've been up to recently," the woman said. "The Leaks told me everything."
Leo lost his balance, falling off the chair. He pressed his back against the dining room table and slowly rose to his feet. The woman's heels clacked against the marble floor tiles as she paced back and forth, lodging bullets into a gun. She stopped and he froze.
"Still there?" he asked, backing away to the window. "Hello?"
Something smacked into his stomach and landed on his foot. He cried out and fell backwards, crashing into the settee. The woman's bare feet pattered over and she knelt down beside him. He felt a sharp blade pressing against his neck, and then blood trickling down onto his dressing gown.
The woman ripped off the blindfold and shoved it into his mouth. She pushed him to the floor and three masked men jumped him. They tore off his dressing gown and tied him to the table. The fat man pulled out a pink glitter pen from his coat pocket and drew on Leo's face.
"I'm gonna kill you!" Leo mumbled, and then began to choke as the cloth lodged deeper in his throat.
The fat man pulled out the cloth and tossed it over to the Asian woman dressed in a black catsuit, who put the cloth in the washing machine. She sauntered over as the men backed away, and pulled off the cat claws attached to her waist.
"Leave him to me," she said, rubbing her firm breasts in Leo's face. "He's been a bad boy!"
Leo's friends waved goodbye and bustled out the flat, the fattest taking one last look before he closed the door. The woman bolted the door and then opened the briefcase on the dining table. She took out a leather whip, handcuffs, and an electric lighter.
"How naughty have you been?" she asked.
"Very."
She took the electric lighter and prodded his nipples with it, the spark singing his skin. He cried out, so she gently slapped his face.
"Be quiet," she snapped. "I didn't give you permission to speak."
"Sorry!"
She zapped him again, so he bit his lip and bore the pain.
"Time for your punishment," she said. "Get down on the floor."
Leo fell to his knees and bent over. The woman took the whip and gave him thirty lashes, hitting harder every time he flinched. He collapsed when he received the last lash, red sores on his buttocks.
The front door flew open and his landlord rushed in. The old woman gasped when she saw the scene, and shrieked when she saw the gadgets in the briefcase. Two burly men in black suits dashed past her and entered the bedroom, emerging with a shirt, trousers, and smart shoes. They handed them to Leo, who quickly got dressed.
"What the hell is going on?" he shouted. "Who are you guys?"
"Executioners sent by Miss King," the bulkiest said, flashing his badge. "We have orders to escort you from London."
"Why?"
"Mister Janesh has returned with armed men. You are in extreme danger."
Leo grabbed his wallet from the desk drawer and followed the men outside, where two black taxis were waiting. Sitting on the back seat was Ivory, her grey eyes almost glowing in the dark. Reed was also there, holding a bunch of files closely. Leo sat beside Ivory while the guards hopped into the other taxi.
"How did he enter the country?" Leo asked. "Wasn't his passport barred?"
"He hijacked an aircraft," Ivory said.
"By himself?"
"With true friends."
Leo blushed and looked away, staring out the window.
"What now?" he asked.
"Stop him," she said. "Do whatever it takes."
"What do you mean by that?"
"Kill him, if you must."
"You're joking!"
Ivory slipped her arm around Leo and pulled him closer, pressing her smooth leg against his. She rested her hand on his leg and rubbed slowly, her eyes travelling from his thighs to his eyes.
"Did you open the package?" Ivory asked.
"There were some wires and chemicals."
"Where did the packages go?"
"I don't want to know."
"It's your job to know! If you want to be an Executioner, you must be prepared to get your hands dirty. No one will respect you otherwise."
"Maybe I'll just stick to Leaking!"
"You mean hiding," she snapped. "Don't look down your nose at me! We finish what you and that bastard start!"
"Then I quit."
When the taxi stopped at a red light, Leo opened the door and stepped outside. He fished his Leak card out his wallet and shoved it into Ivory's hands. She chuckled as he walked away.
"It's not that simple," she called. "Just ask Damon."
"Leave me alone!" he shouted. "I'll email my resignation ASAP. You've got the Leaks, all right? You always wanted all three!"
"They were practically one anyway," she hissed. "Let's not play this separation of state crap! Everything was connected and we knew it. Don't act dumb now!"
Reed sunk into her seat, her eyes shifting from Leo.
Ivory snatched the top file and tossed it into the street. The folder opened and several papers scattered across the road.
"Nice stripper," Ivory said. "A pity she's fourteen."
Leo grabbed the pictures and rushed back into the taxi. The light turned green and the cars pulled away, cruising into central London. Reed handed Ivory another file, which had two contracts inside, Leo's name on one and Damon's on the other.
"Sign this," Ivory said. "This gives me control over the Leaks. You will stand in as the head of operations, but you will follow my orders."
Leo snatched the pen from Reed's hand and signed the document. He threw the pen onto Reed's lap and turned away from the women, muttering under his breath. Reed took the contract and slipped into the folder with Damon's unsigned document.
"Where are we going?" Leo asked. "America?"
"Of course not," Reed snapped. "You are going to meet Damon in London."
"Aren't you scared we'll join forces?" he asked. "Why not? We have a common enemy?"
"Reed, show him the pictures."
Reed passed over some glossy photographs of mushy peach goo spread across bloodstained floorboards. Leo turned the picture over in his hands and squinted before giving a shrug.
"What is this?"
"Don't you recognise her?" Ivory asked. "It's your big sister!"
Ivory quickly moved onto Reed's lap when Leo heaved. He opened the door and vomited onto the road. Ivory showed him another picture, where a dark-haired woman was sprawled on the floor, a knife poking from her cracked skull. The metallic kitchen cupboards and drawers were splashed with blood. Pieces of flesh were lying by her head. Leo smacked the pictures away and wept.
"Damon did this with the Africans," Ivory said. "Don't hold it against them, though. He told them his daughter was killed, but I have proof she is in Sierra Leone with his parents."
"Give me your gun."
Ivory reached into the boot and pulled out a shoebox-sized leather case. She removed the lid and Leo took the silenced pistol from inside. He aimed the gun at the pictures and flicked off the safety latch.
"You've used a gun before?" Ivory asked.
"Him?" Reed laughed nervously. "A taser gun fired at protestors is nothing!"
Leo slipped the gun under his shirt and tucked it in.
"Kill him only if necessary," Ivory said. "Remember this is business, not personal."
"It's just business."
"Good boy."


We burst into the television studio and rounded everyone upstairs. We locked the guards and strongest looking men into the meeting room, and then bombarded the door with tables and chairs. The scrawny men and women were forced into the main studio, where the cameras were rolling.
The main presenters, James and Alice, were speaking over the live feed to Lydia, who was at a peaceful street protest in central London. Alice's eyes widened when I walked on set, but she continued with the report, her voice as chirpy as ever.
"Has there been any trouble thus far?" Alice asked, her eyes pinned to mine. "Maybe some rioters have hinted on what they might be planning."
"No incidents as of yet." The camera followed the slow procession down the high street. "The protestors are unarmed, have stayed on the pavement, and kept quiet out of respect for residents."
The rebels aimed their guns at the cameramen, one worker almost dropping the camera when he saw the barrel. The men kept the cameras rolling as Alice slowly rose from her seat and then dashed for the exit.
James froze when he saw me, clutching his papers tightly. He began to tremble when I sat next to him and smiled at the viewers.
"Hello," I said. "I am Damon Janesh, the most hated man in Europe."
"Oh shit!" James gasped, dropping the papers. "What's going on?"
"I would like to apologise for killing you."
"What?"
"A long time ago, I made a fatal mistake. I set off a chain of events that destroyed your life. Events that killed everyone you love. Events that stole everything you worked so hard for. Events that will not go down in history. Events that have changed history, forever. Events I will share with you now.
"I know what you're thinking: I've heard it all before. You think you know, and you do. However, you don't know the truth. I am here to tell you the truth, the version that was hidden from you until it was too late. Until you were too weak to act, to fight back, but still strong enough to surrender.
"You've seen everything from an outside perspective. You've seen the media reports. The headlines. The front page. The chaos online. The madness on your street, outside your front door, in your home.
"They thrive on fear. When I explain to you what's been happening, you will still be afraid, if not more so. So what's the point? you ask. The point is that informed fear can be overcome, overpowered. When you know who your demons are, you can face them. Right now, you have no idea what you're facing. You will know soon enough.
"Once again, I'm sorry. I dreamed a monster, but I should have left it in my nightmares. Instead, I tore it from the inner workings of my mind. Awake, I shaped and moulded it, and then showed it to my superiors. I still remember the evil glint in their eyes. A week later, my monster was unleashed onto the world. It will kill everyone. Even me. I deserve it, I know. I am ready to die."
I began my story...


"Everything was planned?" James asked. "The riots? The prison break? The media support?"
"Everything. We had a mission, so to speak, to cull. It got out of hand. I'm sorry."
"How could the government cull people? We're not animals!"
"This isn't the first cull in history, is it?" I said. "Take the transatlantic slave trade, for example, where over one hundred and sixty million perished. The slave masters bred Africans like cattle, aiming to produce the best of the best and dispose of the weakest."
"Cull didn't go that far, though. We only have controlled measures like euthanasia and sterilisation. They aren't so bad."
"Sterilisation worked wonders for the Nazis. They didn't want those disabled, homosexual, weak people starting families. Even America had some sterilisation fun. North Carolina sterilised eight thousand people over forty years. It wasn't so bad if you were wealthy and white because you weren't a target."
"North Carolina Eugenics Law is a conspiracy theory."
"It's not. Their government confirmed it."
"But euthanasia helps people, right?"
"The public demanded euthanasia rights for decades. Why did the government suddenly change their stance?"
"For the people?"
"For themselves," I said. "The government works for the government. They brought in euthanasia to help themselves. They aren't the first government to do so. Hitler used forced euthanasia to kill over three hundred thousand people."
"But...But...So the sick should suffer until they die?"
"I support euthanasia, but I won't support government propaganda that guilt trips people into ending their lives. Die to escape unbearable suffering. Don't die to save money!"
"Why would they do this?" He shook his head. "I know we can't trust them, but this story just seems way out there."
"It's survival of the fittest. By fittest I mean the wealthiest and most powerful. The new laws and culls didn't apply to the rich, powerful or famous...They didn't apply to me. We had to sacrifice others to protect ourselves."
"Assuming you're telling the truth...Is it too late to stop this?" James asked, his hands shaking. "What will the government do now?"
"My superiors thrive on fear. It's easier said than done, but don't be afraid. Fear fed Cull's operations for the past twenty years. If people had stopped and thought about the changes made, they would've realised what was happening."
"So is it too late?"
"Not if Europe acts right now!"
"Petitions, peaceful protests, charity events-"
"Didn't you listen? They don't work! Violence makes them listen, not peaceful marches with a sing-a-long!"
"So it's pointless, then?"
"Doing nothing is equal to letting them win." I faced the camera. "Britain must rise up and overthrow Cull, Execution, and Leak. We must act before they commission the police and armed forces! By that time, it will be too late!"
"You're speaking to pro-life campaigners, right?"
"No! Everyone! This affects us all! Don't wait until they piss you off! If the majority turns a blind eye, they make Cull's job that much easier."
"Are you starting a riot?" he asked. "Let me stress that London At Seven doesn't condone violence."
"Riots fail where revolutions succeed." I pointed at the camera. "Whoever you are, they're coming for you. It might not be today or tomorrow, but soon they'll come for you and the ones you love. By then, it'll be too late..."
I let my tears fall, one for each of the people I lost. I took out my mobile and found the picture of my dead family. I showed it to the closest cameraman, so he zoomed in on the shot.
"Cull, Execution, and Leak did this to my family. They shot my elderly parents in the head and threw acid in my mentally disabled, paralysed daughter's face. Kizzy wouldn’t, couldn't hurt a fly! She was only nineteen, her whole life ahead of her...What will they do to the ones you love? What will they do to you?"
"Freeze!"
Everyone turned to face the entrance, where Leo stood, his pistol aimed at me. I raised my hands and slowly walked towards him. He rushed for me and knocked me down. I reached for the gun but he punched me in the face, sending my head slamming into the floor. There was a loud crack and blood oozed from my scalp.
"Get up," Baas shouted. "Get up!"
I rose to my feet and stumbled across the room, gunfire all around. My ears felt as if they were exploding as bullets whistled back and forth. I heard James scream and an explosion, which knocked me into the camera. It toppled onto me and the lighting fell down, crushing everyone.
There was silence.


Ivory pressed the buttons on the controller until she found the security cameras in the television studio. In the meeting room, police officers rushed in and ordered the employees to get down. Women crawled out from under the large table and placed their hands behind their heads.
"All is going well," she said.
The last camera was on the ground floor corridor, where armed agents were storming into the building. Several employees burst through the fire exits and disappeared down the dark street behind the studio.
Suddenly the street was illuminated by an orange glow. A fiery ball flew into the corridor and exploded, setting the police on fire. The attacker stepped into the doorway and looked up at the camera, a wide smile on his face. She nudged Reed and pointed at the blonde man on screen.
"Is that?"
"Leo."
"The bastard!"
"Hello, Ivory," Leo said. "I've been thinking about what you said, you know, about me not getting my hands dirty. Well, I think it's time I did!"
Ivory snapped her fingers and several guards rushed out the room with Reed in tow.
"Where are you going?" Ivory asked.
"I must prepare our aircraft," Reed said. "With him and Janesh causing chaos, a riot is imminent!"
Reed took the files from the desk and slipped her handbag over her shoulder. She took a long look around the office, smiling to herself.
"I spent so long organising this place," she said. "What a waste!"
"No rioter will make it here. Trust me."
"I wasn't talking about rioters or Damon's so-called revolution...Never mind!" Reed turned to leave. "Goodbye, Miss King."
"Stop being so negative," Ivory said. "We'll be fine, don't you worry!"
"I'm not worried."


A policewoman pulled the camera off me and two agents held me steady. The officer waved one hand in my face, but I saw five. She shrugged and handcuffed me. The men led me away from the rubble and they carelessly trod over the rebels' corpses. My vision started to clear, so I scanned the studio for him.
Leo had gone.
Baas had too.
"You have the right to remain silent..."
I closed my eyes and thought of Kizzy.
I had failed, but at least I tried to do the right thing.
I wasn't sure whether Danna would ever speak to me again. Now her family would be in danger, and all because of me. She was mad before, but that was nothing in comparison now. I had killed our parents and her niece. If we switched places, I'd hate her.
Maybe I should have called her. I wish I had. It's too late now.
I'm dead.


We cruised down the street in the police car, the siren blaring. I looked out the back window and the press were following in their vans, photographers flashing away when they got close enough.
There was a traffic jam ahead, even though it was almost eight o'clock. The driver turned on his pocket television and flipped through to a news station. On screen was the picture of a smartly dressed black woman in a pink suit, a microphone in her hand. There was a loud bang, so we all ducked. Then we chuckled when we realised it had come from the television.
"Did you hear that?" the reporter asked.
"We did, Eliza!" The studio presenter appeared on screen. "What happened?"
"They just took out the Houses of Parliament! We don't know whether it was terrorists or rioters, but someone just blew the building to pieces. There is nothing left!"
There was a skidding noise and Stephanie shrieked. Some men chanted in a different language and then it was quieter. The officer turned up the volume.
"What's happening now?" the presenter asked.
"We're heading for the airport," she said. "The road is blocked with Londoners fleeing the capital!"
"Do they know the riots are spreading across Britain?"
"Yes, but they want to take their chances elsewhere. Now the police fear rioters will hide in the countryside, possibly harming our wildlife and damaging their natural habitat. The force is-"
"Sorry, Stephanie, but we are going over to Robert, who is at Central London Airport. Robert, what's happening?"
"Good evening," Robert said, nodding to the camera. "There is chaos at every terminal. People are buying tickets like crazy, desperate to leave Europe tonight."
The camera panned over the bustling airport. The queues to the check-in desk reached across the terminal to the entrance. Armed security watched over the check-in desks, forcibly removing people who caused commotion.
"You must have tickets left," a woman cried as two officers dragged her away. "My children are waiting for me. I need to get home!"
"No tickets left?" a man gasped. "They're lying!"
Robert motioned for the cameraperson to move away from the crowd. He stopped by the fire exit and spoke to the camera, often glancing at the noisy crowd.
"Airports across Europe have bumped up security," he said. "People are leaving the continent in droves via land, sea, and air. Others have looted the stores for produce and barricaded themselves in."
"So how did the lucky ones get tickets?"
"Some bought expensive tickets from scalpers. Others arrived early enough to get the last tickets on offer. The lucky few already had tickets booked, like Mister Peters here."
The camera zoomed out so Mister Peters was in shot. The young man slicked down the floppy blonde moustache on his lip and gave a nod to the viewers.
To me.
"Mister Peters, where are you heading today?"
"To America," he said with a South American accent. "I came over for business, and a bit of pleasure."
Simon and Peters chuckled.
"How was your journey to the airport?"
"I came in my private helicopter, so it was a pleasurable journey. I saw the gridlock on the roads, which wasn't helped when rioters arrived. Poor souls."
"So a private jet for you, then?"
"Most certainly," he replied. "I must return to business back home. Britain doesn't require my services anymore."
An air hostess tapped Peters on the shoulder and whispered in his ear. He nodded and then took out the plane ticket from his pocket. She took his carry-on luggage and lugged it away as he followed. At the security gate, he looked back at the camera and gave his biggest smile.
"You bastard," I said. "You bloody bastard!"
"Quiet back there!" the driver shouted, banging the grate between us. "You started this mess!"
I watched Leo pass through security. He took the luggage from the hostess and strolled away, bobbing his head from side to side. The doors closed and he was gone. Minutes later, the camera showed the runway and a private jet took off. I willed the plane to crash and burn, but it only rose higher in the sky until its lights were tiny specks amongst the stars.
"He's gone," I said. "He's gone."
"Forget him," the passenger snapped. "You're the one we should worry about! You, King, and the other guy!"
"You believe me?"
The driver switched off the recorder on the dashboard.
"We work in the force, remember?" he whispered. "We know what happens on the down low! We know when they send us on wild goose chases. The inspector orders us around like he owns the place, but we see the fear in his eyes."
"Then let me go," I said. "Let me end this once and for all."
"How?" the passenger asked. "Another friggin' riot? You started this commotion, man! We're not letting you go!"
"Yeah, you just made our job a whole lot harder. Thanks a lot!"
The car violently shook sideways. The windows were smashed in and glass showered on me. I fell to the floor and buried my head behind the driver's seat. The driver grabbed a hold of the chair, but then rioters yanked him out and battered him in the street. The passenger fumbled over the car keys but he was spotted by other rioters. They dragged him outside and pummelled him until he handed the keys over.
Five rioters hopped into the car and started the engine. The ones in the back nudged me, so I dared look out. They were five girls, the youngest no older than ten. She took the keys and unlocked my handcuffs.
"See ya around," she said cheerily. "Don't get caught again, aight?"
"Thank you, little one."
I patted her on the head and slipped out the car.


London was no more.
The buildings were burnt out, smoke billowing from both the roof and chimneys. Bullet holes lined the store fronts, where products were on fire. Looters rushed out with expensive gadgets and designer clothes. Street gangs joined forces and rushed the police, who shot water cannons and live rounds. Flash bombs were thrown by police. Rioters retaliated with fire bombs. The armed officers raised their shields and marched towards the rioters from both directions, kettling them in. Peaceful protestors begged to be released, but the police pounded them with the others. People dashed for the underground stations, but the police gave chase and soon the trains and buses were diverted, the drivers emptying the carriages before they left. Thousands were stranded, caught between the rioters and police.
To escape the kettling, I went into an empty store and found the fire exit. I ran down alley after alley, but there were fires and fights everywhere. Finally I saw darkness in the distance, so I entered the quiet neighbourhood.
There was a derelict high street, so I looked around for a car dealer. Instead I found a bike dealer, where several bikes were heavily chained up outside. I smashed the glass in the front door and rushed through the building, the alarm blaring.
At the back of the store was a locked door. I kicked it down and searched through the desk drawers. Buried beneath a stash of papers was a safety deposit box. I smashed the box against the wall until it cracked. Then I pried it apart and grabbed the bunch of keys inside.
"There's so many," I muttered. "For flip's sake!"
I heard a police siren in the distance and blue lights flashed in the dark sky.
The three biggest keys unlocked the chains. I yanked the chains out and threw them aside. Then I looked over the bike models and picked the sturdiest one. I took the first key and slotted it into the engine, but it wouldn't turn.
"Damn it!"
I tried the next key. It failed me too.
The sirens drew nearer and I spotted the blue lights in the distance.
"Come on! Come on!"
I tried the third key and it turned, the engine purring. I kicked back the bike stand and sped off, but the police siren followed me. I drove on, pushing the accelerator to the limit. The car moved alongside me, the driver waving me down.
"Pull over!" he yelled. "You won't get away with this!"
There was heavy traffic ahead, so I drove on.
"I said-"
"I know, I know," I snapped. "My ears work just fine!"
The traffic was closer, so I slowed down and he did the same.
"Pull over, sir!"
"Shouldn't you be stopping the riots?" I shook my head. "Still protecting the rich while the country falls apart?"
"Don't judge me, Janesh! What about-"
I swerved onto the pavement and heard a loud crash. I stopped and looked back. The front of the police car had smashed into the back of a truck. The truck driver stormed out the vehicle and grabbed the officer by his collar, shaking his hat off. The driver's teary wife rushed out and pleaded with her partner to put the policeman down.
"You won't get away with this," the officer shouted. "Miss King is looking for you!"
"Good," I said. "I'll pay her a visit."


If Ivory was still giving orders, she must've stuck around. Moving abroad would arouse suspicions, so staying was the best option. She would be close to the armed forces, so she could control them with ease. On the other hand, she had to stay away from the rioters, and leave an escape route open, just in case. She couldn't fulfil these requirements on a plane or by car.
Her yacht.
If her cruises involved nude sunbathing, she must go somewhere warm. Sunny Spain, perhaps? Then her exit port was Dover. It was close to London, but also mainland Europe.
The ocean would be her sanctuary, or so she thought...


I ditched the bike close to the port and walked over the hills until I reached the ferry crossing. In the distance was a two-storey high yacht gliding to the shore, armed officers directing traffic away from the loading platform.
When the last passengers had gone, the officers closed the road and turned other cars away, except for one, a black stretch limousine. The limo drove through and stopped on the platform while the ship edged closer to land.
A biracial woman stepped out the limo and stretched her legs, bending over beside the two officers looking on. The men forced themselves to turn away and she laughed, strutting to the ship. She stood on the shoreline, her curly hair billowing in the wind.
"Hello, Ivory," I whispered.
Ivory spun round and looked my way, but only shrugged before walking onto the ship. The officers stood at the end of the platform, their guns at the ready. She reappeared and called out to them, so they hurried on after her.
I raced down the hill and threw myself behind the limo when an officer appeared. He paced up and down before getting into the vehicle. The limo slowly backed away, so I lay flat beneath it. Then it drove off into the night and the ship pulled away from the platform.
I jumped up and sprinted up the platform, praying that no officers would spot me. I leapt off the platform and landed on the deck, but slipped and fell backwards. I clung on, my legs dangling over the black ocean below.
An officer emerged from the cabin and marched my way, stopping in front of me. He looked from left to right and shrugged before going back inside.
I pulled myself up and crept across the deck. I peered through the window and saw Ivory lying naked by the television, watching the French riots. She sipped her red wine and giggled when a police officer smashed his shield into a rioter, breaking the woman's nose.
"Let's see who survives this," Ivory said. "Only the best. Fuck the rest."
By the door were two officers, their eyes glued to her toned body. I crept past the door and slipped down a staircase leading below deck.
A baggy-eyed guard was on patrol, walking up and down the dingy corridor. He stopped and yawned before marching away. He plopped down onto a chair and rested his head on the wall. A moment later, he was snoring quietly, hugging his gun.
I tiptoed down the corridor and peeked round the corner, where there were five doors. I waited to make sure no one came out and then slowly opened the first door. Inside was a shiny new kitchen with high tech appliances. Stacked on the dining table were bottles of red wine and boxes of Belgian chocolates.
The second room housed a queen-sized four poster bed covered in bright pink silky sheets and plush cushions. Portraits of Ivory decorated every wall, all nude paintings, of course.
Next door, there were three wobbly bunk beds with tattered sheets and saggy pillows.
The fourth room was packed with food and alcohol. When the guard stirred, I slipped inside and hid amongst the boxes. The guard threw open the door and flipped the light switch, cursing when the bulb blew. He rummaged around in the dark, his hands feeling the various boxes. I pressed myself against the wall and watched his hands sliding closer to my feet.
"What the hell?" Ivory cried. "Put the light on, darling!"
The guard turned and froze to the spot when he saw her body. She slipped her arms around his neck and swayed, the pair dancing in the dark. When his hands slid down her waist, she slapped them away and led him back into the corridor. Someone shut the door and I heard keys jangling.
"Don't bother locking it," she said. "We're out at sea!"
"Sorry, Miss King. Force of habit."
"It's all right, darling. You'll get used to it."
The corridor lights switched off, leaving me in total darkness. I rested my head on a box and closed my eyes.
I was screwed.
I was in the middle of the sea, unarmed, with a pack of dogs led by a bloodthirsty woman who wanted me dead. There was nowhere to run.  Tomorrow morning, the sun would expose my hiding place and doom me.
"Do something," I told myself. "You can't run. You can't hide. You can act."
The fifth room.
I peeked outside and waited for the guard to appear, but he didn't. There was no snoring and no footsteps, so I snuck into the fifth room. I searched through the cupboards and drawers, where I found a torch lying with a map. I turned on the torch and shone the beam close to the floor, checking over my shoulder in case the corridor lit up.
It was a long room but very narrow. Straight ahead was a laptop wired to a large computer system. I lifted the laptop lid and entered my username and password. The system logged me in and showed the American flag as the background before three black stick figures walked on screen. The man in the middle brightened until he was white, and then the other two fell down.
"Cull," a deep voice said. "Survival of the fittest."
"That's not our slogan...We don't have a slogan!"
"Don't you get it?"
I didn't bother turning round, so she spun the chair for me. Ivory slapped me across the face, so I kicked her down. She grabbed my foot and pulled me to the floor. I wrapped my hands around her throat and squeezed until she gasped for air.
"Help me," she wheezed. "Somebody help!"
No guards were in sight, so I squeezed tighter. Her eyes turned red and bulged from her skull, her tongue sticking out. She reached for my face but only managed to dig her claws into my cheeks. She raked her sharp nails across my face and laughed as blood seeped from my skin.
"Survival of the fittest," I said. "Guess what? You didn't make it!"
Her arms fell and her head flopped to the side, her tongue hanging out. Her glassy eyes stared at the wall, the vessels inside still protruding. I placed my hand over her breast and waited for a pulse.
"Miss King?" someone called.
I closed the door and lodged the chair under the door handle. The guard knocked and peered inside, so I quickly ducked out of sight.
"Miss King's hurt!" he shouted, running away. "Call the boss!"
I went to the computer and searched through the files, but there were only the usual documents and files on Cull's research findings and trends. Something drew me to the trends' folder. I opened it and saw the graphs Reed had shown me, my jaw dropping when I saw the results.
Negative trends. Expenditure across the board was down, from education and health to defence and lending. Europe had made massive savings, which grew when every cut came into force. I was teary-eyed when I saw the most positive result: Europe had been out of the red for three years straight.
It was all for nothing. Well, not quite.
The initial cuts had done great good. Morons had been spending like crazy, money they obviously didn't have. We wanted to make cuts and send the money elsewhere, but it never made it. Where it went, I can't say. Still, we kept cutting, following orders from above.
I'd get so frustrated seeing it was all in vain. The holes were plugged but the ship was sinking faster than the-
"Initialising the termination sequence," the computer said. "Please confirm."
Someone confirmed and a map of the world displayed on screen. Europe was flashing yellow with a black line around Ireland, Britain, and the mainland's borders.
"Closing all borders," the computer said. "Unauthorised aircraft, ships, and vehicles will be destroyed."
I clicked on the map but nothing happened.
"The map is in read only mode," the computer said. "Please contact the administrator for-"
"Shut up!" I shouted, thumping the keyboard. "Jesus, let me turn off the bloody bomb!"
I clicked the help screen and tried to contact the administrator, but my messages bounced back with generic email responses. Now the map was flashing orange and black crosses were dotted across the continent.
I called Danna.
"Danna, please answer," I said to the answering machine. "You need to..."
What could I tell her? Leave Britain and go where? If they left, they'd get blown into the sea or out the sky. If they stayed, they'd be bombed with the rest of us. Besides, the ships and planes were full.
I ended the call and slipped the phone into my pocket.
The map flashed red and more crosses appeared, so I closed the window. A microphone logo was in the main menu, so I started the software. I pressed record and began our story.


The Fittest

The American vice president clapped when Jennifer entered the room. She kissed both his cheeks and sat opposite him. She rubbed her round belly and laughed.
"Anyone mentioned you've gained weight?" he said, prodding her stomach. "Is it a fat suit?"
Jennifer yanked out the padding from under her shirt and tossed it onto his lap. He cringed and pushed it onto the floor, where Jennifer kicked it away.
"I could barely breathe in that thing! I might burn it."
"I'm in the mood for a barbecue," he said. "Some beef, wieners, and Cecil's spicy burgers. You'll love 'em!"
"Oh, your wife...Not right now." She raised her chubby fingers. "I need to shift some pounds first."
Jennifer gave him a stack of papers and he skimmed over several pages.
"Who survived?" he asked.
"Northern Ireland, Southern Spain, Switzerland, of course, and the French coast. Everything else is history."
"Excellent! It's about time we made a fresh start!" The vice president poured a short glass of whiskey and raised it. "In loving memory of old Europe."
"Here's to a new, improved one!" Jennifer raised her empty glass and placed it back down. "By the way, we've planted the missile documents in China."
"Good good!"
"So what was the point in all this?" she asked. "Why kill all those people?"
"We didn't, they did! We tried to help them drop the dead weight, but they didn't. It's not our fault if they went overboard...It just goes to show how incapable certain people are when it comes to leadership, no offence."
Jennifer rolled her eyes when he looked away.
"With Europe gone, there's only China and Russia next. Once they fall, the world will be mine, I mean, ours. We will be the only superpower. Then only the president will stand in my way."
There was a knock at the door and the vice president's assistant peered inside.
"Mister Vice president, you have another guest."
"Your brother is here," the vice president said. "Late as usual."
"Good day to you too!" Leo cried, planting a wet kiss on the assistant's cheek. He ushered her out and laughed when her cheeks turned bright pink.
Jennifer pulled up a chair and dumped it next to hers. Leo ruffled her blonde locks and sat down, giving the vice president his brightest smile.
"Sorry I'm late. I showed the wrong passport when I stepped off the plane!"
"Moron," Jennifer muttered.
"If you have something to say, spit it out!" Leo snapped. "You scared of me or something?"
"Yesterday, in the car with Ivory. Why did you mention America? You could've blown our cover!"
"Could have but did not!"
"It doesn't matter now," the vice president said. "Europe has crumbled and our little experiment was a success. Can you imagine the resources across Europe? All that oil and gas and...Cheap prices for all! Of course, when I say all I don't mean all."
"Of course not," Jennifer said. "You can't help everyone."
"Precisely my point. Get rid of the dead weight and do what you can for the rest."
"So Demon Janesh is dead?" Leo asked. "Did anyone see the body?"
"Of course they did!" Jennifer said, sinking into her chair. "He was in police custody when the station was blown sky high. We'll identify his body parts in due course."
"What now, boss?"
"Get ready for Russia. The Russians already have a Leak division, so work your way to the top ASAP! If you have any trouble fitting in, call me. You might need plastic surgery."
Jennifer sniggered and her brother huffed.
"Your sister will also show her versatility. The personal assistant role was too easy! Time to show your true worth."
The vice president went to the closet by the door and pulled out a broken wheelchair. He pushed it over to Jennifer and patted the seat. She shook her head when she saw the girl's name etched into the frame.
"Oh, go on! It's a memento!" the vice president said. "I always keep goodies from my trips."
Even Leo cringed when they saw the doll on the seat, her face melted. Jennifer picked up the doll and sat in the chair, keeping her hands off the handles. The vice president wheeled her around and she smiled on cue when he looked her way.
"You will be running the Leaks," he said. "Don't worry! You won't go the way of Miss King or Mister Janesh. Just follow the plan. It's worked before."
An officer burst into the room and saluted the vice president. He nodded to the siblings and then took the vice president to one side. The men whispered to each other, but Jennifer heard every word.
"The Chinese went to Europe," the officer said. "They're looting the place!"
"Why didn't we set some borders? For goodness sake, tell me we've got the oil!"
"The Scottish oil is under twenty-four hour surveillance, sir. Any unauthorised persons will be terminated."
The vice president returned to the desk for another swig of whiskey before going back to the officer.
"What have they taken?"
"On the Chinese news, they showed their soldiers loading trucks with trash that washed up in Calais, France. Nothing valuable. Just a soaked laptop, tattered clothes and shoes, and a ship full of corpses."
"I want to see the laptop," the vice president said. "You never know."
"Yes, sir!"


I Tried

All I can say is that I tried.
When others sat back and did nothing, I stood up. I rose to the challenge when my peers were too scared to make a mistake. I took the chance. It didn't pay off, but at least I tried. I tried to save my family. I tried to save Britain. I tried to save Europe. Now it's down to someone else.
My work here is done.
The bombs are dropping now. The waves are choppy. The guards are panicking. Germany is gone. I wonder why Reed lied to me. Did America do this? Why? Italy is no more. I'll never forget that smug look on Leo's face. He was like a son to me. Holland is dead. I wish my hands were around his throat. Maybe I'd swap his life for Ivory's. Ireland is terminated. At least she was honest from day one. Her tits weren't real but her bitchy side was authentic. Goodbye Norway, Sweden, and Finland. I wonder where Danna, Craig, and little Kelly are. Does she still hate me? Greece is next. Mum, Dad, and Kizzy, I love you all very much. I hope you're not too disappointed. I'll see you soon.
Here comes Britain.


####

Dear Reader

Hello, I hope you enjoyed my work. Now the story is over, here are three things to consider. It'll only take around five minutes, and I'd really appreciate you taking a look.
1. An honest review.
Could you do me a favour? I'd really appreciate a review. Whether you loved it, hated it, or thought my book was just okay, it doesn't matter. Just be honest. It doesn't have to be a long review, just a brief summary of what you thought. Thank you very much!
2. Exclusive subscriber goodies.
I have a mailing list on my website: www.zhanewhite.com. All subscribers will be the first to know when I publish a new book. Also, you'll know whenever my books are sold as a box set, discounted, or available for free. If you want to send me a message back, email me at contact@zhanewhite.com. I respond to everyone.
3. Keep reading!
If you enjoyed this book, why not try another? Here's what I recommend:

Cull Reborn
4 billion people. Target: 75%...
The Cull trilogy continues with Cull Reborn, dark science fiction with bouts of hard-hitting action. Kelendria Taylor, a British orphan, will infiltrate China's Cull division and face the toughest fight of her life. If she doesn't play the part, her cover will be blown. Will she sacrifice thousands to save billions, or risk her life saving them all?


About the Author

Dark fantasy and science-fiction come naturally to Zhané White. She loves the uncanny, the strange, and the eerie, always with an essence of the world we know. If she's not writing, she's thinking about writing. When you find her daydreaming, leave her be. Wait. In time, you'll see what she sees...

Pen Names:
Zia Black www.ziablack.com (crime and thrillers)
Zhané White www.zhanewhite.com (fantasy and science fiction)
Zada Green www.zadagreen.com (sarcastic self-help and general fiction)
Zuni Blue www.zuniblue.com (children's books)


Dedications

Thank you to my family. I appreciate all the love and support you have given over the years and in the future. I also dedicate this to the billions of lives who have graced this earth. Every one made a big difference. There was, and still is, room for us all. To you, the reader, never give up. It's better to try and fail, for now, than never try at all.
