
P.O.R.T. 101
• Book One •
Dark Horizon
By Jeremy Parrish
*****
Copyright © 2009 by Jeremy A. Parrish
Smashwords Edition
*****
All rights reserved. Without limiting the rights under copyright reserved above, no part of this publication may be reproduced, stored in or introduced into a retrieval system, or transmitted, in any form, or by any means (electronic, mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise) without the prior written permission of both the copyright owner and the aforementioned author of this book.

This is a work of fiction. Names, characters, places, brands, media, and incidents are either the product of the author's imagination or are used fictitiously.  The author acknowledges the trademarked status and trademark owners of various products referenced in this work of fiction, which have been used without permission. The publication/use of these trademarks is not authorized, associated with, or sponsored by the trademark owners.


Chapter 01, The Beach

The scent of the sea... salty, moist, and teaming with life, filled his nostrils. The sound of waves crashing into the shore, a few feet from his face, urged him to burrow deeper into his arms. The lapping water assailed his senses again and again, shaking him from sleep. Tucking himself into a fetal shield against the onslaught of sound, he struggled to find a few more moments of sleepless relaxation. It would all fade when he really woke up, he knew. Stretching, he opened his eyes, rubbing them lazily, inadvertently freckling his face with grains of sand. For a moment, he sat staring, shaking his head and batting at the sand fleas on his arms and legs. Crawling to his feet and he staggered as a wave crashed inches away from where he had lain. He gazed out at the sea, lining the shore. The sand stretched out to the horizon, running parallel to a tree lined coast. Splashed across the sand, small crystalline deposits freckled the shore, bathing the surrounding sand in a pale blue light.

The remnants of a shattered moon formed a broken path across the sky to the newly risen sun, hanging just above distant hills. A dream, he thought, but he hadn't remembered his dreams as being so vivid and so empty. Rubbing he eyes, he shook his head, trying to dislodge what must be an illusion or hallucination. As continued to stare in wonder, high pitched roar echoed across the beach behind him. He felt an overwhelming urge spurring him into action. The urge took root and panic filled his mind with one thought. Run! So he did. He ran. He walked. He rested. Then, he ran some more. Distant hills drew closer, as sand turned to sandstone, and finally sandstone to rock. What appeared to be distant hills were merely mounds of petrified sand. At the peak of each mound, transparent pillars towered over the shore. Evenly spaced and virtually identical, pillars rose out of sand and stone, as far as the eye could see. A faint, but distinctive hum filled the air. As he neared the first of many pillars lining the beach, his skin tingled and the air began to pulse with light, as his consciousness began to slip. All the feeling in his limbs melted away, as his legs buckled and warm sand pressed into his skin.  Just before he blacked out, he felt a hand settle on his shoulder and he heard someone speak.

Does he have it, it asked?
No..., not exactly. I think he is it... said another voice.  

Suddenly, all that he could hear was the beating of his own heart, which became increasingly difficult to hear as he lost consciousness. 


Chapter 02, The Experiment

Frustrated... he slammed his hands onto the desk next to the display. It wavered out of sight as Herb said, 'display out.' His face contorted with confusion. He said to himself... what happened? Display up! He shouted.

The date and time wavered into view. 48 hours earlier, Dr. Herbert Li had begun to make progress in his experiments. Years of hypothesis, theory, and experimentation were finally paying off.  In spite of the miscalculations and close calls, Herb knew that he was close, too close.  So he pressed on, refining, recalculating and knowing that he drew closer to what he was destined to achieve. 

Begin recording... Experiment T0097, he commanded.

Previous attempts to Port Beta object were marginally successful.  Upon achieving 75% output, Beta Object (an apple) was displaced from platform A for less than .5 milliseconds, re-appearing in perfect condition, just outside of the designated coordinates (platform B). Initial and current tests show that cellular integrity has remained constant. Despite the remnant chronyte levels, Beta object remains intact. 

The Chronyte core continues to steadily output, with minor fluctuations in intensity.  Based on recent results, a 10% power increase and the addition of the chronyte regulator should compensate for the re-occurring targeting errors. The power fluctuations occur within .25 milliseconds of initial transport. In theory, an increase in intensity and power should correct the targeting issues which have plagued this phase of the project.  If successful, upon confirmation, we should be ready for the initial phases of human testing.  Initial phases will utilize plasma samples from the national archives (human blood).

Initiating T0097...
The display flashed, "Initiating Port 0097 - Time/Date."

Display Up!
Begin Recording... Experiments T0098, 99, and 100 have been successful. All Beta Objects were Ported and maintain cellular stability.  Initial tests using the regulator resulted in overshooting of platform B.  Backing power down by 20% seemed to solve the problem.  No further targeting issues have occurred since.

Commencing, Gamma Phase. “Gamma One”, the first human plasma sample is in position and ready to Port. Thermals have been applied, normalizing Gamma One to body temp.  If successful, this could change everything.

Initiating T0101... 
The computer display flashed, "Initiating Port 0101 - Time/Date."
Staring at the readings on the display, Herb's eyes widened until one word exploded from his mouth.
NO!

In a flash, Gamma One was gone. Herb scrabbled to his terminal, checking the readings. Nothing appeared to be off. He searched the lab, praying that the test tube or a warm crimson puddle would miraculously appear. Nothing…  Herb sat at his terminal and called up the tracking system. 

Port CTS on!  Julius, Alert the retrieval team.

Previously, when items had vanished, Herb had discovered that when and where they reappeared, they emitted a distinct chronyte signature.  Satellites allowed for citywide scans, but they could only supply a location within 20 yards of the target. Eventually a retrieval team was outfitted with hand scanners, which allowed for tracking within inches.


Chapter 03, Alex

Every morning, the smell of fresh baked bread wafted through the air, closely followed by the aromatic beckoning of bear claws and crescents.   Alex never watched the clock.  Mr. Li's Bakery was the only clock that he needed. First thing in the morning, Mr. Li made bagels, bear claws, and crescents.  Mr. Li had been getting up to bake at 4am since the dawn of the deep fryer.   By 6am, you could smell baked goods for blocks. 

Lunch was easy, chocolate chip. If Alex inhaled long enough, he could almost taste the chips melting in his mouth. By 4pm, the air grew heavy with the sound of kids, cars, and latch keys. With kids emerging from academic imprisonment, power grids surged with the commencement of daily play this, and game box that. By then, Mr. Li's had closed and the aroma of deep fryer oil melded with exhausts and early evening commuters.  Alex lived across the street from Mr. Li's.  Even though he didn't eat there as often as he'd like, he never got enough of the smells. He always called baked goods, proof that god has a sweet tooth.

When Alex wasn't out on an audition or taking a class, he'd sit and watch Mr. Li's.  It was amazing how many people, how many kinds of people loved Li's.  Some of them were real characters, like Alex's 2nd floor neighbor, Ray.   Ray was a retired dog walker.  He spent 20 years walking dogs on the Upper East Side.  He got into it when he was a kid and never had a reason to stop.  Now he spends most of his time yelling "leashes aren't love" in Golden Gate Park.

In the darkness, Alex could smell the faint aroma of bread baking.  His head ached and he could hardly move, but he kept focusing on the smell.  Slowly, Alex clawed his way back to consciousness, looking forward to grabbing a bear claw at Mr. Li's.  Instead, he found himself strapped down to some kind of chair or table.

The restraints were paper thin, but he couldn't break them.  They appeared to be made of the same stuff that he was draped under him.  Images of dome headed aliens and anal probing started to flood his mind.  To make matters worst, he noticed a few sore spots on his forearm.

He shouted... Hello!?
I think that there's been some kind of mistake!!!  Hello?


Chapter 04, Displacement

Herb had just finished reading the report on their only patient.  He wasn't sure how, but some of what he'd read was all too familiar.  He needed the tests run again. What he was seeing couldn't be right and he prayed that it wasn't. He had to confirm the results.

Are you sure? He bellowed.  Did you take the sample yourself? Do it again! I don't care how much it cost.  Just do it! 

Simmons stood in the doorway shaking his head. He'd never seen the Doc like this.  If it weren't so distressing, he'd have found it hilarious. He'd been there when the capture was made and when the initial samples had been taking.

There's no mistake Doc...
Our scans led us right to him. We had to narc him. When we landed, he took off. We searched the area, but the signal followed him. When we finally caught up with him, he was the only clear signal we got. There was no sign of the test tube.  Herb looked up from the test results. Well, he didn't swallow it!  Did you get any readings that seemed out of the ordinary?

Simmons' head wrinkled as he started to explain, as he grew increasingly concerned by the Doc's persistent enquiry. Nothing other than the usual background radiation and the standard temporal resonance, said Simmons.  Although, unlike other Ports, the temporal resonance seemed to be lower in level, but scattered in every direction.

What do you mean, scattered? Herb Asked. Herb dropped the report, turning to fully face Simmons.
Usually, we get strong readings from a specific direct direction.  Since you added the regulator, most of it appears to emanate from the general area, around the lab.   But this time, it was as if we were getting readings from the beach, the ocean, and beyond.  It’s as if the tube exploded in the atmosphere and rained all over the western hemisphere.

Beads of sweat had started to build up on Herb's forehead. Starting to turn to the display, Herb returned his gaze to the report and spoke calmly.

Alright, get back down to the beach and make sure that the search team reports all analogous reads. I don't care how minute the trace. I want to know about it.

 Simmons nodded and darted from the room. Herb was determined to prove that what he suspected was not true, as searched through Simmons' data.

Julius, state progress on sample A1, A2, and A3, he said.

Julius made a sound that could have easily been interpreted as a sigh of frustration as he began to report his findings.

According to my analysis, aside from minute traces of chronyte emissions, Sample A2, type 'A' negative, human plasma... Sample A3, type 'A' negative, human plasma...  are identical to Sample A1, type 'A' negative, human plasma.

All DNA markers are identical.

As Julius recited his findings, Herb sank down in his chair, shaking his head in disbelief.  

That's not possible... He barked. Julius, initiate level 8 search... Identify donor, for all samples.

This time, prefixed with a sound that closely resembled a throat being cleared, Julius responded.

Herb sank back into his chair, wide eyed and eager.

Search aborted...  Identity known... Identification of Sample A1 was completed 4 days ago.   Identity of Samples A1, A2, and A3 are as follows.

Port 101 - Test Sample Gamma; Source of Test Sample Gamma is as follows.
Facility- National Genetic Archives
Collection location- San Francisco
Date - August 11, 2006
Donor - Alex Marsters
Age - 31

Herb licked at the salt left by the beads of sweat which had dried on his lips.  Sitting upright, he spoke in a calm whisper.

Check it again...  

The computer said nothing for a moment. Then in a booming voice, Julius spoke.  

Search confirmed...  Genetic markers and projected paths of development are consistent between all samples.

Would you like me to generate a 3DM?

Herb stood and paced back and forth in front of the display.

Yes, he said. Generate the model, maintaining average parameters, relative to the early 21st century, specifically, 2006.

Parameters confirmed... Julius bellowed, as the lab lights dimmed, except for a glowing spherical image that hung in the air above Herb's desk.
Julius continued speaking a billowy echo. "3DM ready... Projecting..."

Herb had used 3DMs in his research before, but it never ceased to amaze him.  Within the sphere of light, the image of dividing cells grew into an embryo.  The embryo grew into an infant, then from an infant into a boy, and finally into manhood. As it did, Herb knew that there was no doubt.

Julius, Herb called, compare the reconstruction to the patient in Observation 872.  State match percentage, allowing for a 10 to 20 pound variance in muscle mass and fatty tissue.

Not even a moment had passed when Julius responded.
89.25% match...
10.75% no match

Herb hadn't expected this.
Why the 10.75%? He asked.

Again, with a sigh, Julius answered.

Although unlikely, the patient could be an illegal synthetic.
However, the chemical content of Samples is consistent with the contaminants found in plasma of the 21st century.

Herb had considered this and he was pleasantly surprised to see that Julius had done the same.  The possibility was remote, but Herb needed to be sure.

Could those elements be synthesized and introduced to mimic Sample A1? Herb asked. 

No. Julius said, dryly. 

Why not?  Herb grimaced.

After a long sigh, Julius explained.
Required elements no longer exist. Synthesis of such elements would leave distinct markers, of which, I have found none.

Herb was not ready to concede defeat, so he pressed on.

Julius, could chronyte radiation be skewing your analysis?

Julius said nothing.  Herb asked again.
This time, Julius spoke with what Herb knew to be irritation.

Unlikely, chronyte radiation remains relatively inert unless subjected to high energy or stored in quantities greater than one thousand grams. 

Even then, my sensors function well within designated parameters.

Herb grinned.  
Ok... Julius, hypothesis...
Let's say that our patient is Alex Marsters.  Under what circumstances could he be sitting in Observation 872?

Julius, clearing his non-existent throat, responded.

Barring exceptional circumstances, none.  According our records, Alex Marsters was reported missing, more than 87 years ago.  Even with extensive cellular regen therapy and the regular use of stasis fields, Alex Marsters would be no less than 123 years 4 months 3 weeks 2 days, and 23.751 minutes of age.
The patient in Observation 872 scans at less than 32 years, 4 months, 1 week, and 2.1 hours of age.

Herb winced, a subtle smile spread across his face, sinking back as he challenged his assistant's definitive assertion.  

Julius, the patient in O.872 is giving off traces of Chronyte radiation.  Under what circumstances is that possible?

Julius responded without hesitation.

According to my readings, the patient in O.872 was Ported 29.72 hours ago. 

The smile which had spread across Herb's face withered, giving way to a look of desperation.

Julius, confirm analysis and compare to power fluctuations in Port 101.  Who is the patient in O 872?

Once again, without the slightest hesitation, the response came, no less certain than any other.  

Analysis confirmed.  Alex Marsters is emitting chronyte resonance consistent with estimated resonant levels for Port 101.   Scans are also detecting diminishing transphasic fluctuations in his cellular structure, consistent with Port re-integration.  Even if he had ingested the test sample, his present level of resonance would be substantially lower than it is now.

Julius, postulate a theory on Temporal Displacement, relative to the use of Chronytes.  

The lights in the lab cut through the dimness, washing out the vibrant recreation that hovered above the desk.  As the image shrank and faded, Julius presented his theory. 
Since their discovery in the late 21st century, scientists have theorized that if one could channel chronytes, thereby focusing them at one point in space, one could punch a hole in space time, either allowing for the traversing of great distances in an instant or of time itself. 

There is a 79.153% chance that the addition of the regulator and the increased power output through the chronyte core, has not only traversed space, but also time.  However, instead of just moving Gamma Object, the Port exchanged one object for another consistent with the genetic properties of Gamma object and its container.  According to the data gathered by the Retrieval Team, the scattered resonant energy is being emitted by particles of sand and several unknown sources.  My calculations estimate that in total, if gathered, the sand emitting the resonance would almost be enough to make a test tube equal in size and shape to the one transported in P.O.R.T. 101.

A bead of sweat rolled down Herb's left cheek.  He stared at the display for a moment, closed his eyes, and wiped the sweat from his brow.  Opening his eyes, Herb sat down at his desk as he addressed Julius.

Julius, contact RT 1.

A moment later, Simmons responded.

Simmons here... What can I do for you Doc?

Herb leaned forward glaring, with an intensity that Simmons hadn't seen before.
 
Commander, are you still picking up residual resonance from previous Ports? 
Simmons looked down at the pad in his hand, tapping, and then pausing before he looked up to speak. 

Yes... some... 

Herb's glare intensified as he sat back in his chair shaking his head.  

Roundup any objects in the area, still resonating.  Give me a list of any objects consistent with our test objects, including their basic components and materials.  

Simmons didn't like the look on Herb's face. He didn't like it one little bit.
His brow wrinkled and an obvious look of concern on his face, Simmons had to ask.

Herb, what's going on?

The intensity was fierce, but Herb managed a little smile.

I think that I know, but I really hope that I'm wrong.  Avery...  I know that I'm asking a lot of you and your men, but for now, you need to trust me.  Just hurry...

ASAP, Simmons barked.  Turning to the side, Simmons continued to bark at his men.

Okay! You heard the Doc...  Move out! DOUBLE TIME!!

As the image of Simmons and the beach blinked out, Herb's fearful intensity melted into adamant determination.

Julius, have you detected any climatic or atmospheric disturbances since Port 101?

Julius responded without hesitation.

Bringing it up now...  A low pressure system appeared over the ocean, just off the coast at the same time that P.O.R.T. 101 was initiated. 

I'm also detecting smaller pockets of atmospheric disruption over Europe, Bermuda, Japan, The Atlantic, and over the New Republic of California. Aside from their appearance, they appear to be having no effect on the climate in any region of the world.

Herb nodded, as if he'd expected what Julius had observed.

Keep track of their progress... Herb said.  Start monitoring local news and police reports for anything out of the ordinary.  Let me know when the RT transmits the results of their search.  Begin recording O-872 when I get there.  I've got to confirm your theory.

Julius responded. 

Understood... Recording on standby...  Monitoring global news and authorities…  I'll notify security that you're coming down.

Herb rushed down the hallway, trying to catch the lift before the doors closed.  He felt his heart racing. Beads of sweat lined his brow.  He stepped out onto the terrace, overlooking the beach.  The air was crisp and damp.  In the distance, Herb could see a dense fog bank building. 

The water seemed unusually calm.  Nothing seemed to stir above or below the surface.  Seagull, Stork, and sea life seemed to stand still.  The air was still, hanging silent, not ruffling a leaf or stirring a breeze.

Boop... the lift door opened...

Herb took a deep breath and rushed into the lift just as the door started to close.  Under his breath, Herb spoke. Dear God, let me be wrong. 
The lift doors closed. 

Chapter 05, Retrieval

The retrieval team continued to scan the beach.   Scattered along the coast, from arrival to capture point, earth, air, and sea were abuzz with activity.  Divers bobbed up and down in water, as they surfaced to deliver fresh samples to collection crews, skimming back and forth across the malevolent stillness of the sea.   In the sky, floater crews took atmospheric, magnetic, and chronetic readings of the ever growing visual disturbance in the sky.  Despite its ominous and chaotic appearance, the surrounding area was eerily calm.  

Beyond the swirling darkness, covering a tenth of the sky, it was a beautiful day. The sky was a soothing shade of blue, shrouded in a thin blanket of mist which hung just above the horizon. The Lunar belt, an asteroid belt that spanned the distance from the Earth to the moon, was just becoming visible, as the sun settled into its daily wane.

On the beach, men paced to and fro, scanning and scooping, carefully extracting any grain of sand or particle that gave off chronetic readings consistent with Port energy readings. 

Commander Simmons, who'd managed to be tall and stocky, bounded from one search to another.  Not really one to micro-manage, Simmons had heard the panic in Herb's voice, not to mention that Simmons felt a little uneasy about being so close to a silent hole in the sky.

Simmons, bellowed.
Rick!!  Rick!!!

That's Rich, sir...  
Right, Rich...  What's our status?  We almost done here?

Sea teams are reporting an all clear, commander.  They've gathered as many samples as they can find.  They’re just making a final pass, to make sure that they haven't missed anything.

Fine!
Rotate the sea teams... Different eyes, on different sections...  I don't want anyone to overlook something, just because they've been there before. I get the feeling that we can't afford to make mistakes this time.

Understood, sir…  The sky teams have already completed and transmitted their scans to the lab. They’re packing up and preparing to assist the beach crew with one final pass.  We're almost done here.  

Rich, is there any word from the Doc?

None, sir...
But we did get word from RT 3.

Earlier today, we picked up chrontye readings further inland. They were pretty strong, so I sent RT 4 in to check it out.

The signal led them to a re-purposing facility.  After sifting through tons of their stores, the signal seemed to emanate from a glass mug on the manager's desk.

What do you mean a mug? Simmons' face twisted, clearly doubtful and confused.

Yeah, but wait... it gets weirder... It wasn't coming from the entire glass, just parts of it. Rich said, as he directed Simmons' attention to the image on his com pad.

Now Simmons knew that something was off.
Parts of it, Simmons asked?

There's more, sir...
It was a glass mug that belonged to his father, the manager's father...  more than 40 years ago.
Apparently, it was one of the first products made in the facility.

Did they get the mug, Simmons asked?  

Yes, sir... It should be on its way to the lab right now. Rich grinned and continued monitoring the remaining search teams.

Under his breath, Simmons asked... What the hell is going on Doc?
Chapter 06, Displacement

Alex slowly came around. His head felt like it was caught in a vise and a strange ringing filled his ears.  At first, he couldn't focus on anything else. As the pressure and the ringing subsided, Alex tried to stand.  He felt a little dizzy, as he leaned forward to stand, but he couldn't move more than a few inches. 

Looking down, he saw that he was bound to some kind of chair or table.  He still wore his sweats and one of his sleeves was rolled up. It was too dark to see, but he could feel the breeze on his skin.  He could also feel a slight soreness in his forearm, where blood samples had been taken while he slept.

Alex couldn't help but feel like he was in a hospital.  He could smell the lemony fresh disinfected odor that usually hits you in the face once you cross the threshold of any hospital.  The air was crisp, but tolerable.  A faint sliver of light bled in under what must be the door.   It flickered now and then.  Maybe patients, doctors, guards? Alex wondered...  

He remembered a voice... no... voices and a hand resting on his shoulder, just before everything went black.  

Does he have it? Do I have what?
Alex asked himself.

The light dimmed below the door... A soft hiss resounded across the room as light flooded in from an open doorway.

Alex squinted, trying to see who'd come in.  As his eyes adjusted, two men entered the room, leaving the door open behind them.  

One was lean, a little bent, draped in what appeared to be a lab coat. Calling for the lights, his face emerged from silhouetted dimness.  He looked friendly enough, but there was something odd in his gaze.  His eyes were wide, his smile broad, and his manner pleasing. All the same, Alex got the slightest feeling of dread from the man in the lab coat.  

The other man was a mountain, not that he was much thicker than his companion.  He was only an inch or so taller than the other man, but his eyes were hard, piercing, and calculating.  Alex felt the eyes cutting into his skull, prospecting for any sign of deception and treachery.   He wore a black uniform, heavy with pockets, zippers, and comfort.  A little rod dangled from his belt.  He clasp the end of the rod as he crossed the threshold of the room. As the dimness faded, Alex could see a name tag on his chest which read, "Brock."

Take it slow doc. We still don't know anything about this guy. Brock said, gesturing toward Alex.

Herb smiled, stepping past Brock as he spoke.
Trust me Sgt., If I'm right, he's the least of our worries.  But I hope that I'm wrong.  Right now, I'd love it if our guest was just another industrial spy.

Alex got a little nervous when Herb said spy.  
Where... who... Alex stammered. 

Herb chuckled and rested his hand on the edge of the chair. 

Can you tell us your name?

Alex... said Alex, as his gaze shifted back and forth between the two men.

Alex...  Alex, what? Herb asked.

Mar... Marsters...  said Alex, the words catching in his throat. 

Well Alex, I'm Dr. Li, Herb...
This is Sgt. Brock.  Can you tell us where you're from?

Alex winced, eying them both as he responded.
Can you tell me why I'm being held prisoner?

Herb felt his cheeks flush with embarrassment.
You're not, not really, he said.  My men found you wandering along the southern tip of our facility.  We do some sensitive work here, so security gets a little suspicious when they see someone running along our private beach.
Can you tell us how you got there? A security barrier surrounds our facility. Every millimeter is monitored by computer.  A fly can't enter without us knowing, but somehow you did.  Can you explain that?

Shaking his head in disbelief, Alex glared at Herb.
I don't know where I am, but you expect me to know how I got here?  The last thing that I remember is going to sleep, setting my clock radio to go off about an hour earlier than usual.  Then I went to sleep.  When I woke up, I was on your beach.  

Herb continued to probe. He wasn't trying to aggravate the situation further, but he also couldn't just come out and ask Alex what year he was from.  So, he didn't.

And where were you when you went to sleep?

My apartment! Alex bellowed, more annoyed than he was angry.

Where? Herb asked, not reacting to Alex's apparent anger. 

Alex sighed, shaking his head in disgust, as he answered. 

In Chinatown... not far from downtown San Fran, said Alex.

Herb's face sank.  He felt like someone had just kicked him in the stomach. 
Did you say San Fran? Do you mean San Francisco?  Herb asked, clutching the phantom pang in his stomach.

Brock stepped forward when he saw Herb stoop over.  

Is everything alright, Dr. Li?  I'm fine Brock. I probably shouldn't have skipped breakfast.  

Brock relaxed and continued to eye Alex.

Alex's demeanor softened at the sight of Herb's sullen reaction.
Yeah...  San Francisco! Why? What's...? 

Alex's voice trailed of as he looked at Herb.  A look of disbelief and dread started to spread across Herb's face. His gracious smile had melted into numbness.

Herb, regaining his composure, turned to Brock.
Sgt. Brock... Please release Alex, get him some clothes, and something to eat.  

Brock nodded and stepped into the hallway. Alex could hear the Doc's order being passed along to another soldier who grunted a hardy "yes sir," as he marched down the hall.  Brock returned to the doorway, hand clutching the rod hanging from his belt.

Herb started towards the doorway, but turned to address Alex as he did.
Alex, Sgt. Brock will make sure that you get some food and a change of clothes.  I'll see if I can't get you out of here as soon as we clear up a few loose ends. 

Alex nodded.  Herb nodded in response and left the room.  Brock approached Alex and removed the restraints.  Alex rubbed his arms briskly, just realizing how numb they were.  Brock smiled, which made Alex shudder.  Brock stepped into the hallway and closed the door.  Alex made an audible sigh of relief, as the door closed.  Brock smirked and locked the door.

Herb burst into his lab, commanding his computer on.  

But before Herb could say "on," Julius began his report. 

Commander Simmons has just transmitted the latest RT reports.  His teams have retrieved as many of the port samples as possible.  One anomaly reported...
One of the samples appears to have merged with a mug that has been sitting on a man's desk for more than 40 years.  Despite its age, it appears to be emitting a stable level of Chronyte energy.  

Energy readings are consistent with Port101.

Herb's fearful desperation had turned into fascination.  Even though he feared what could happen, the fact that it might be happening was intoxicating.
Stable?  What is the status of the emissions from our guest in O.872?

A live feed of Alex blinked onto the upper left corner of Julius's display, accompanied by several lines of data to its right, as Julius responded.

Emissions from Alex Marsters have stabilized.  Cellular cohesion and chronyte radiation are no longer in flux. All readings appear to have leveled off to match those emitted by the mug.

That seemed to be further evidence of what Herb had suspected, but there was still more to consider. 

What about the disturbances in our atmosphere? He asked...

A cascade of video feeds from around the globe filled Julius's display, then Julius responded.

According to reports, they don't appear to be having any effect on weather, tides, nor tectonic plates.
However, concentrations of chronyte in the vicinity of each disturbance seem to be draining at an alarming rate.  Nothing appears to be absorbing it.  It just seems to be fading. As a matter of fact, unless you scan within a centimeter of the source, chronyte levels read as zero.

Herb could hardly deny the mounting evidence, but he had to be sure.    
Based on the current data, would you say that Alex Marsters and the residual traces of the test tube have experienced some sort of temporal shift?  And is there still residual activity, related to Port 101?

Yes, Julius bellowed... 

The word echoed in Herb's ears and stabbed at the phantom pang in his stomach.

Yes what? Herb demanded... Clarify!

The throat clearing sound preceded Julius's response.
Residual effects of Port101 continue to grow. 

Alex Marsters and the test tube appear to have shifted in time or to be more exact, they appear to have been exchanged. 

Herb hadn't expected this. Time shift, molecular reversion, maybe even some sort of genetic acceleration, but temporal exchange?
 Exchanged... exchanged... he said.

Herb's mind reeled... The possibility of traveling in time almost filled Herb with amazement.  It would have, if not for the overwhelming feeling of dread that was turning his stomach.  The phantom pangs had evolved into knots.

Time travel was dangerous enough, but exchange...  That could be disastrous.  It may already be.  Herb thought about the disturbances, how the chronyte energy was being drained away. By what, he wondered aloud?

Julius responded.
Please restate your query in a complete sentence.

Herb nearly smiled, but the pangs were keeping him on track.
Bring up a list of the locations where disturbances have been reported.  

How many of them are located near known chronyte fields? 

There are 127 known commonalities.  Blinking lights on the projection of a globe hovered above the desk.  

It only made Herb worry more. 

List all commonalities and search for any common aspects of each location, aside from the disturbance and the chronyte.

One moment please... said Julius.

Herb stared at the list, depicted by the globe.  Not one corner of the Earth had been left untouched.  The list read like a travel guide.  Even the seas were speckled with the swirling, silent, storms.  Despite their dark and ominous presence, the storms were silent and seemingly inert.
The computer chimed... as it competed its analysis, jerking Herb out of his ponderous daze.

Julius's reverberated across the lab.
Analysis complete...  Most of the locations have the following in common.

To the right of the globe, the commonalities were bullet pointed. Both the globe and the list were color coded accordingly.

1. sparsely traveled
2. common topic of folklore; legend; myth; superstition 

Herb's face twisted as he read the list. Not quite what he expected, but there was something...  Not unlike the locations, the list read like a travel guide, describing the points of interests for wide-eyed tourists. 

Next to each, the percentage of commonality was listed.  As Herb read, his mind kept wandering back to the mention of folklore and myth, but only for a moment.  

Julius, have we had additional reports from the retrieval teams?

No... However, there appears to have been an increase in police activity at all locations.  Julius brought a global listing of police departments.

Browsing the list, Herb said, no surprise there...  The swirls are probably causing some people to panic. 

Not quite, Julius said, deflating Herb's moment of frivolity.

According to reports, they are mostly noise complaints and reports about wild animals.  Some people have reported reptile attacks and ghosts.

Herb started to laugh aloud. 
Reptiles and Ghost, he asked?

Julius made the throat clearing noise and continued, prefacing his report with an "as I was saying."

The majority, yes... In general, they report monster lizards. Some say Raptor-like.  
There have also been dozens of reports about domestic disturbances involving people in period dress shooting at cars or running and screaming through the streets.  Most reports called them phantoms and spirits.

Herb's face had steadied.  He thought about Alex, the drained chronyte, the disturbances, and the ghosts...   

Have any of the people been taken into custody? Herb asked.

Some, but very few appear to speak any known language, at least, none that the police departments have tried.

Others appear to speak Old English, French, and what appears to be a dialect of Spanish or Portuguese.

Contact Simmons... Herb said.
The display blinked over to an image of Commander Simmons.

Simmons winked as he spoke. What's up Doc?
As soon as he said it, he regretted it. Herb did not look like he was in a good mood.

Commander... Herb said, in a disturbingly prosaic tone.
We may have a bigger problem than expected. 

The smile on Simmons' face evolved into a somber and sickly grin.
Bigger than swirling holes in the sky, he asked?  What's going on Doc?  I don't like this.  You've got to give me something.  It ain't exactly easy to keep doing my job when my men expect the sky to fall.

Herb smiled as his expression softened.  
Not yet Avery.  First I need you to check something else out.

Simmons tried to smile, but only a little. 
Still not liking this, Doc, said Simmons.
The smile on Herb's face receded. Get a team together and interview the people on the list that I'm sending to your comm-pad.  

Julius, send the list for our local precinct to Simmons.

Already done, Julius reported.

Got it! Simmons said, as the grave look on his face softened.

Make sure that you bring a linguist and the new guy, Rich...

I think you mean Rick... Simmons said, chuckling.

Whatever...  If I remember correctly, he's a sociologist and a history buff.  He should be involved in every interview or at least have him review the data caps.

Okay, got it Doc.

When you get there and start interviews, make sure that Julius has a live feed.  I want recordings, blood samples, and samples of their clothing.

Are we talking about some kind of outbreak? Simmons asked, with a look of deep concern.

No! Herb retorted.
Just get it done! We may already be out of time.

I’m on my way, Dr. Li.
Simmons out... 

Herb turned to Julius, staring at the lists and the latest scans of the swirling storms that speckled the planet. Herb slumped down in his seat, letting his arms fall limp.
What have I done?


Chapter 07, View Point 

Alex may have been displaced and locked up, but he was quickly adjusting to his new situation. Now that Alex had been untied, dressed and fed, he start to take in what the darkness had hidden so well. Except for Alex's chair, the room was mostly empty. The walls were a semi-glossy aluminum shade. There were no seams or squared corners.  Con-caved rectangular shapes were centered on 3 of the 4 walls.  The door was centered in the fourth, leading out into the hallway.  The shapes and the door had rounded corners.  A small panel next to the door had two keypads, one above the other.  The one nearest the top had your standard 0 to 9, but the second listed an assortment of icons abbreviations, and numeric combinations.

Assuming that the numbers are some sort of security access, Alex decided to give the second panel a go. On the first row, Alex pressed the Menu button.   The lights dimmed... Alex backed away from the panel, expecting Brock and a battalion to burst in.  None did.   His shadow bloomed, as a shimmering blue light enveloped him from behind.  Turning around, a list labeled, Main Menu, appeared in the rectangular panel behind him.  It must be some sort of flat-screen, he thought.

Alex read through the menu.  Environment, Entertainment, Appearance,and View, it read.  As he read, he unconsciously started to read aloud, first inaudibly, slowly rising to a whisper.  

Environment...  Entertainment…  Appearance... VIEW...

As soon as he said it, the menu shifted.  A voice echoed his command, whispering back to him... View... 
A new list sprung into view...  
Window... Roof... Wall... Observation... Audio...

Alex said... Window...  The background of the rectangular shapes on each wall faded...  Beyond the window ahead of him, Alex could hear the ocean, crashing over monstrously huge rocks that seemed to have been arranged to act as a defense against monster waves.    Looking to the window on the right, Alex saw the skyline of a small city.  He had no idea which city, but at least he hadn't been carted off to a secret research facility in the middle of nowhere. Even if he didn't know where he was, at least he had a concept of where to run, if he managed to escape. 

The menu still loomed over the window, displaying a cascade of crashing waves below.  Wall, Alex exclaimed.  Again, in a whisper, a voice echoed Alex's request. Wall...  followed by please specify...  as the words trail off, a compass appeared on the menu, with four prominent letters, N, S, E, and W.  Alex said W. Nothing happened.  Looking back at the compass with a puzzled look, his face quickly transitioned into an inaudible duh, as he became aware of his own stupidity.  Alex said, West correcting himself.

As the 'st' rolled off of his lips, the open window filled in.  Momentarily confused, Alex started to repeat his request just as the room was flooded with light.  The wall wavered, pixelated, and faded from view.  As it did, a menu item flashed in the corner of the wall. FG, blinked in and out.  Not thinking, Alex said FG?  As he did, the building, attached to his room also faded from view.  Now Alex could see the hills to the North West, a city, and the river that ran past the city.  As his gaze rolled back towards the hidden building, Alex could see a road leading up to and passed the base of the open wall.

Turning to the menu, Alex said Observation.  Just as before, the active view faded,  before transitioning to match the new request.  No more than a second after the West wall solidified, the walls, ceiling, and floor became a ghostly shimmer.  In a moment, the room is flooded with the dull light of a waning day.  Alex, his chair, the door, and its panel were all that remained.  Alex stumbled, falling backwards over and into his chair.  If not for the presence of the door and his chair, Alex would have thought that he was walking on air.   As before, the building had been hidden and replaced by what lay beyond the building and much of the grounds. He could see a fence and a few guards patrolling the perimeter, but the rest was hidden.  As Alex turned toward the north eastern shore, the sky seemed to twist and contort, forming a dark swirling hole in the sky.  Alex saw the same blue glow that he'd seen on the beach earlier.  Alex felt a chill run up his spine.  As he watched, the swirl seemed to swell, enveloping the room, the beach, the city, the river, and the hills beyond.  Alex's head started to spin. Beads of sweat rolled down his brow.   Alex yelled, OFF!  A disembodied voice said, View Off?  Alex, strained to maintain consciousness, grunted...  View Off!   The light dimmed, as the room regained its opacity and Alex slumped to the floor, unconscious.  


Chapter 08, Foresight

Alex...  Alex! Herb implored. Alex lay unconscious on the examination table. Are you sure that's he's alright? Herb asked Julius.  Julius remained silent for a moment, confirming his initial analysis. Finally, he spoke with absolute certainty.

Aside from a sudden increase in adrenaline, I'm not detecting anything unusual. However, his chronyte resonance has started to fluctuate.

Herb started at the news. Is it dropping or increasing?

Technically, both, said Julius.  From what I have observed, his levels stabilize and hold for 2 to 3 hours.  Then, they drop by 5 to 9 percent, leveling off and finally increasing by another 21 percent before the cycle begins again.

Herb's face flushed with anger, as he spoke. Why didn't you report it earlier?

Julius detected his change in temperament. So exhausting, he thought, as he answered.  I've only been monitoring him for a day. I noticed the pattern earlier, but couldn't be sure that it was a pattern, until it happened again.  He was most likely at the end a cycle when I started monitoring him. Reporting my initial observations would have been little more than a hypothesis, without at least one reoccurrence. Once, does not a pattern make.

Fine... Herb replied, as the anger in his face melted back into concern.

Although... Julius began... once he lost consciousness… I thought that it might be of some relevance.  Speaking of relevance... The swirl above the south eastern coast doubled in size just before our guest took his tumble.

Herb pondered, probably just the chronyte in his body.  Did anyone else pass out or have any physical reactions to the expansion? He asked.

One moment, please... said Julius. Searching... 
There were no reports from within the building, but several reports have come in from the police station where the retrieval team is setting up.

Herb turned to Alex. His eyelids pulsed.  He must be dreaming, Herb said. Have Simmons contact me as soon as he's ready.  Let's do a full sub-molecular scan on Alex before he wakes up. I want to have a few answers for him when he starts asking for them.


Chapter 09, Empty

There it was again, the pounding.  Alex pressed his hands to his temples, rhythmically kneading the throb in his head.  Water lapped over the sand and stones, as Alex threw his blanket over his head.  Whoever said that the sounds of the ocean were good for getting to sleep, never met Alex.  Alex sat up.  The blanket slipped down, clinging to his skin before it clumped in his lap. Arching his back as he stretched, Alex yawned, brushing the sand from his face, opening his eyes.  

Before him, a vast ocean stretched out in every direction. Behind him, a dense jungle blanketed the landscape, a twisted tangle of vine and leaf.  The sky was a dull blue, almost smokey. Alex thought about the wallpaper on his bathroom walls.   Aside from the color, the sky was empty... No clouds. No moon. No Sun.  As before, the beach was littered with the funny blue stones, but now they were no longer blue. They were just grey stones. The blue shimmer which had once flowed from their core was gone.   Even the beach seemed to have lost its luster.  The air was still.  Alex walked to the water's edge. There was no breeze.  Stepping into the surf, the water washed over Alex's feet. The water was very warm, too warm.  He stepped out of the water.  His skin tingled as he stepped out of the surf.  His foot seemed tanner, he thought.  

He started to walk, proceeding along the beach, like he'd done before.  As he walked, there was nothing, not a sound, other than the lapping of the ocean.  Even the jungle seemed to be silent, not even a breeze, nor the flutter of a leaf.  Lions, tigers, and bears... Oh my... Alex thought and chuckled to himself.  But there was nothing.  Even bugs seemed to be avoiding this place. Where are the birds, seagulls, something? Nothing...  Once again, he came to the place where the massive pillars once rose out of the ground, repeatedly as far as the eye could see.   Now there was nothing, nothing but an ancient series of crumbling stones, well overgrown and eroded by time.

Alex walked a little further, proceeding with more caution.   When last he'd tried to pass this way, he'd been rendered unconscious and woke up in a box.  Looking at it now, that must have been a very long time ago.  But still... better safe than unconscious.  As he walked, the jungle along the beach started to thin.  He'd remembered seeing a city beyond the hills to the west, so he climbed the hill to the thinning jungle that ran along the beach.   Reaching the top, the land beyond the ridge dropped off into a vast canyon that seemed to go on for miles.  The jungle seemed to grow along it's edges and only it's edges. The walls of the canyon seemed to be perfectly smooth, like glass. Around the edges, loose soil and rock sprinkled over the edge, lightly tapping as they scampered along the canyon wall before sinking into the vast darkness of this clay pot pit.  The crater extended well beyond the visible horizon, only reflecting the dull blues of the sky along the uppermost edge.   Alex looked to the north. No city, no hills to the northwest.  The western coastline, which once framed a city and the outlet of a river, had long since crumbled to dust.   

Beyond the coast, a small mound sat where the southern tip of the city had once been. Good thing this is a dream, Alex thought.  Otherwise, I'd be a little on the worried side, he muttered to himself.  As if on queue, the sky sank into darkness. Shadows grew and swallowed the ocean, the jungle, and the sand.  Slowly creeping over the western skyline, a swirling hole enveloped the horizon, sending a chill through Alex's body. His head started to pound. He clutched his head and the pounding continued to grow, as the swirl climbed into the sky.  The trees around the crater came to life and the ocean seemed to swell.  Leaves flapped into the air.  Waves crashed against the sand and ancient rumble.  Alex fell to his knees, kneeling before the edge of the glass canyon, that seemed to magnify the pounding which had spread to his spine and arms. 

Alex toppled forward, clutching his arms, as he slipped over the edge and fell into the canyon, slashing his ankle on the edge.  Shards of glass protruded from his leg, shattering as he spun and twisted his way along the canyon wall. Alex screamed as the glass in his leg tore and ripped its way out.  For a moment, the pounding in his head and arms had become a dull itch. But soon, his head and arms added their voices to the pain in his leg, forming a chorus, which sent Alex into unconsciousness, as his limp and twisted body sank into the shadows with a shower of glass and loose earth.


Chapter 10, Awake

Herb and Julius were busy at work, when Alex shrieked. The walls echoed and test tubes shook.  Herb turned to the examination table where Alex had been lain. Eyes still closed, Alex sat up and began scream. Herb tried to restrain Alex, but was shoved back. With his eyes still closed, Alex's screams became statements.

You did this. All of it is gone. Nothing, no one, just trees, wind and the hole in the sky. We are dead, all dead. Dead! 

No sooner had his voice faded, when he slumped back onto the table. His screams still resonated in Herb's ears, but Alex was motionless, still asleep. Approaching the table, Herb noticed that Alex's pant leg appeared to be wet.  Herb touched the dampness.  Warm, red wetness decorated the pads of his fingers.  Startled, Herb rolled the pant leg up, revealing a hideous gouge in Alex's ankle, which had started to clot.  

He's got a massive cut on his ankle, Herb shouted.

Not according the scans that I took a second ago, Julius insisted.

Well, forget what you scanned before. He's got one now!  Scan him again, while I patch him up. Herb scrambled around the table to a cabinet on the far wall. 

You're right, Julius bellowed.  He has a cut on his upper right ankle and a minor abrasion on his forehead.  His blood pressure has sky rocketed.  His pulse has become erratic and his adrenaline levels have doubled.  He appears to be in some sort of emotional distress. His head and arms are flushed with blood.

Herb rolled up one of Alex's sleeves. His arm pulsed, gorged with blood. Herb shouted, get medical up here!

Dr. Li, he appears to be stabilizing.  Heart rate is dropping.  The cut on his ankle is scarring over and the abrasion is fading. His chronyte levels have exceeded safety levels.  Activating containment field… Step back, Dr. Li.  It is for your own safety.

Herb stepped back. As Herb watched, Alex stirred. Sweat rolled down his cheeks. The red swell of blood in Alex's arm began to recede. I think he's waking up, Herb said, as he stared at what had been Alex's wound.

Chronyte levels are returning to safe levels, dropping containment field. You may approach, said Julius.  

As Herb wiped the blood away from the wound, a wound that only moments ago had stopped just short of the bone. Herb was overcome by amazement and terror. The cut was completely healed, except for a small scar above the ankle.

Alex opened his eyes and sat up on the table.  




Chapter 11, Effect

Cadet Dirk Smithy had been on the force for 3 days, 13 hrs. 11 minutes.  He still got a chill every-time he stepped through the station door.  Everyday held the promise of a new case, a new adventure, a chance to show his father that he was more than a well funded security guard.  It probably would have been easy to prove it, if anything good ever happened.   It had been years since anything more than a noise complaint had crossed the Sgt.'s desk.  These days, it was mostly noise complaints and domestic disputes over landing pads and airspace.  

In spite of the routine nature of police work, Dirk knew that something was about to happen.  He felt it in his gut.  If the ominous swirl over the coast wasn't a sign, he didn't know what could be.  From the moment that he'd rolled out of bed, Dirk knew that today would be the day.  Unlike everyday since his first day on the force, Dirk woke up with dry mouth.  His head ached, but not where it usually had.  It felt deep, like a faint memory crammed somewhere between where he'd buried his lunch-box time capsule and the code word that his brother had used when he wanted to sneak a girl out of the house before mom and dad woke up. 

As Dirk entered the station, toting his daily load of coffee and donuts, nothing appeared to have changed.  Sgt. Perkins sat dozing behind the reception desk, slipping from one elbow to the other.  Dirk bellowed a cheerful good-morning, stirring Perkins enough to hand him his Half Calf, Double Coco Moo and a scone.  Perkins dipped, bit, smiled, switched elbows, and dozed off.

The squad room was mostly empty. Most of the detectives had gone hiking, so a few desk jockeys and a few seasoned flat foots milled around the coffee counter waiting for Dirk to make his delivery.  Even before he could start his cheerful salutation a half dozen hands descended upon his load.  Dirk dropped the coffee onto the lounge counter and retreated to his cubical.  Just another day, he groaned.  Turning to the in and out baskets on his desk, Dirk began to sort stamp and sign his way into another ordinary day.

The day was dragging by, but Dirk had somehow managed to stay conscious long enough to get every report into the out pile.   After lunch, he'd dive into the wonderful world of digi-copying and filing, but now, he was ready for a little food and fresh air.  As usual, the station had emptied out except for Dirk, Perkins, and the old new guy, Neil.   Perkins was still dozing, but his scone was gone and his Half Calf had become today's pencil holder.   Neil usually skipped lunch, but today he'd setup a little picnic at his desk.  Dirk guessed that Neil had already copied and filed, because Neil usual freaked if you walked too close to his desk when he had files on hand and he never ate at his desk.  But like Dirk thought, today was different, at least for Neil anyway. 

Dirk swept by Neil, as Neil spread a linen napkin across his waste.  Dirk chuckled and shook his head. As Dirk headed for the door, he yelled, "back in a few." Perkins sat up, winked, smiled, and sank down onto his other elbow. Stepping onto the sidewalk, Dirk felt a stillness he hadn't felt before.  People on the street still went about their business, but they seemed to move with an ere of caution.  The sidewalks were lined with lunch comers and goers.  Cheerful cliques huddled, clumped, and lined the streets. They contracted and expanded as catastrophic clique collisions were averted.  Despite the wax and wane of office gossip and friendly banter,  the stillness seemed to grow.  Dirk shook it off and kept walking.  His favorite deli, "Grub 'N Stuff" was about a half block away.  Dirk could see the line just inside the door, from the station.  The line looked shorter than usual.  Maybe they're out of Mahi, Dirk thought.  Dirk shrugged and headed for 'Grub 'N Stuff.  The smell of the grill filled his nostrils. Dirk never ate the stuff, but those rice burgers smelled out of this world.  Dirk had given up most veggies years ago.  Everything you needed had been sequenced into the Stem farming process anyway. Dirk was almost a carnitarian, but he loved broccoli too much to give it up entirely.  Besides, it went great with Stem Fish and lemon.   

Feeling chipper after a nice Stem Steak and steamed broccoli, Dirk made his way to the door.  As he reached for the handle, the door flew open, slamming against the wall with a klunk. The glass at its center clicked, as a trail of cracks emerged from within.  Dirk grabbed the door, steading it, before it could swing back and shatter into a shower of glass.

In the streets, leaves swirled upwards, whipping around in autumnal funnels.  People scattered, running for doorways, cars, and hollows.  Cars shook, resisting the winds persistent pleas to topple over.  Dirk thought that he'd heard screams, but he couldn't tell over the rushing wind.  Suddenly, the wind stopped.  Leaves fluttered to the ground, confetti-d caricatures of fallen leaves.  People spoke, but there was no sound.  Dirk gestured for them to remain calm, as he stepped outside. The door swung open, slipping from his hands.  It struck the wall again and its glass exploded onto the sidewalk next to Dirk, who took no notice.  He'd wondered if they'd all gone deaf, because not a sound could be heard. People peered out into the street, first studying Dirk, but then following his gaze to the sky.

The sky had become an ominous grey-blue, almost glowing.  To the south, along the coast, the grey-blue seemed to trail off into a great swirl that hung just below the horizon.  Slowly, windows, doorways, and sidewalks were lined with people, gazing into the southern sky.  Again, the wind began to rise, breaking what had become a maddening silence.  Murmurs of relief resonated through the streets, but as the rushing wind became a roar, a wave of panic washed over them all.  Dirk could feel a pounding in his head. It wasn't painful yet, but he could feel it growing.   Some of the onlookers started to scream, while others fell to their knees and tumbled into the fetal position, with their hands grasping their heads.  Dirk was in pain, but he managed to stay on his feet.

Suddenly, a thunderous crash broke through the roaring wind.  Flickering points of blue light hovered, swirled, and blinked all around.  Some receded into nothingness, while others grew and started to take shape. Grey-Blue blobs wavered into grey-blue silhouettes. Some knelt and appeared to be praying, while others flailed and kicked, as if under physical attack.  Others merely clutched at their silhouetted heads.

While some shrunk away from the glowing phantoms, Dirk peered wide eyed into the glow of the phantom before him.  He was almost certain that it was a woman. The pounding in his head had begun to overwhelm him.  With each passing moment, it became increasingly difficult for him to stand, so  he sat down on the curb, still studying the grey-blue phantom in front of him.  His vision had begun to blur, but by then he was sure that it was a woman.

As suddenly as it had appeared, the swirl fell away to the west. The pounding in his head had receded to a stinging hum.  The grey-blue phantoms started to flicker.  They were no longer flailing or clutching their heads.  Some were reaching out and some of the onlookers were reaching back.   Dirk's phantom seemed to be returning his gaze.  Dirk tried to stand, but he was still dazed from the pounding. He found himself stumbling backwards, but not onto the pavement.  A pair of ghostly, glowing limbs were wrapped around him.  Looking down at the arms, they solidified.  Gently, the arms lowered him down.  Peering up, Dirk saw long amber hair, gentle brown eyes, and soft pouty lips smiling at him.

Sgt. Perkins burst out of the station and shouted at the top of his lungs. "What the hell was that?"   Dirk smiled, looking at the woman, and said "thank you."  The former phantom smiled and said, "sure, but can you tell me what just happened?"  Dirk shrugged. Still smiling, he sat up and said, "Something different." 


Chapter 12, Heinlein One

Simmons didn't know what to make of the sound he'd heard in Herb's voice.  He'd tried to cover it, but Simmons had heard something that he'd never expected to hear in Herb's voice. Fear...  And the look on his face was perplexing, innocence with a touch of panic.  It wasn't really anything about his face that got to Simmons, it was more about what he'd seen in Herb's eyes.  Whenever Herb was on the verge of his next miracle of science or whenever he had to save the world from impending doom, Herb always had a sort of glow about him.   But now, that glow was more like a furnace.  His eyes had been mad, fierce, and damned near horrific.   Simmons had seen a similar look once, but that was back when he was still a grunt.

Private Avery Simmons unfastened his restraints and stood up, bumping his head on the cabin ceiling. 

With all of this technology and research, they can't figure out how to give us a little headroom, he said, rubbing the back of his head.  

Private Simmons didn't really mind a little bump on the head, but the idea of spending his first day at a new post, in the infirmary, wasn't the first impression that he wanted to give his new C.O.  Pressurizing his suit, Simmons entered the airlock and realized that he couldn't remember being told the name of his new CO.  Closing the cabin door, a hiss and a click emanated from its edges. The red light above the hatch   switched to green.  A female voice bellowed in his ears.  

Cabin door secure. Proceed to external hatch. Disengage safeties to exit the craft.

With a ssssss....crackle, click... the voice fell silent.  Making one final check, Simmons flipped up the safety. For a moment, he thought that he'd done something wrong, because nothing happened.  Just as he was about to flip the switch again, the bellowed in his ears once again.

Safeties Off... De-pressurizing airlock.  Please Stand By...  
Simmons felt a little unsteady, as the air rushed out of the room with a hiss.  Just as the hiss subsided, a green light blinked above the outer hatch as Simmons felt a slight clunk,  just before the outer hatch slid open.  He'd already felt the change in the airlock, but once he took his first step out of the ship, he could really feel the difference.  It wasn't 0 G or as restrictive as being under water.  He felt like jumping, just to see how high he'd go, he'd seen enough bad movies to know that it wouldn't be the smartest thing to do.
A fish tank at NASA was one thing, but this was it, the real thing, Heinlein One.  He was on the moon.

He'd streamed video of the place, but being there was better than he'd imagined.  The base was massive. Most of it was labs and living quarters, surrounded by eight landing pads.  On his initial approach, Simmons had seen several buildings, set out a great distance from the base, but saw no visible system of transport to them.   He assumed that they were probably generators or test facilities of some kind.  They were big, but the main facility was enormous.  Emerging from an airlock in the main facility, two soldiers approached Simmons with caution. One held a stun rifle.  The other was holding a stun pistol and data pad.  Simmons saluted and stated his designation and assignment. 

Private Avery Simmons, reporting for duty at Heinlein One, sir! 

The two soldiers looked at Simmons, then at each other.  Suddenly, Simmons heard a snort and then laughter, as the two solders clutched their stomachs.  Simmons still saluted.  The soldiers approached, still laughing and directed him to the airlock.  Simmons' hand slowly slipped to his side and he entered the open doorway.  Much larger, with no shortage of headroom, the base's airlock door closed.  A red light, lining the ceiling's edge faded to green, as a voice calmly welcomed him.

"Welcome to Heinlein One, Private Avery Simmons."  

The inflection in the voice was warm and inviting, but Simmons knew that it had to be the new A.I. he'd read about in his mission briefs.  Once again, Simmons felt the click clunk vibration as the door sealed itself.  The voice spoke again.  

"Pressurizing airlock... This will only take a few seconds." 

Simmons felt his stomach contract as the air rushed into the airlock. The two soldiers leaned against the wall near the inner door.  Suddenly, the one to the right of the door, stood and motioned for Simmons to approach, so Simmons did.  Startling him, the voice returned. 

"Pressure restored. Safeties engaged. Feel free to remove your helmets. Sorry about the delay.  One of the secondary pressure systems was blocked."

The green light lining the ceiling turned blue as the inner door hissed and clicked, sliding open.  The door opened onto an inner chamber lined with hooks, lockers, and environment suits.  To the left and right, double doors capped the hallways leading into the main facility. 

As they entered, Simmons and his hosts removed their helmets. Simmons tried not to, but he smiled.  
The air was sweet and dry, not like the metallic sterility of an EV suit.  He knew that it wasn't fresh air.  More than likely, it was probably something of the recycled or purified variety.  He wasn't sure, but he could swear that he could smell the aroma of chocolate chip cookies and baked bread, which made his smile broaden even more. Primarily, Simmons was just happy to be in a room with high ceilings, at least one with ceilings higher than his head.  

The room was seamless, except for the doorways.  The walls were a semi-glossy aluminum shade, with a hint of blue.  Simmons had read about the basic specifications, but he hadn't realized how basic those descriptions had been.  What he was seeing was far beyond basic.  His shuttle was mostly plastic, composites, and ceramics.  Heinlein One was a marvel. He could only guess at what materials he was seeing. His companions chatted away, as they stripped off their EV suits and found empty hooks and lockers for them.  Simmons did the same.  As he undressed, he became suddenly aware that they were not soldiers.

One of them was a young woman, probably not much older than his older sister. She had to be at least 5'7, with a sporty build, long dark amber hair, and olive skin. The other was about her height, but younger. Probably my age, Simmons thought.  The young man's hair was short, straight, and dyed a pale blonde shade.  If not for is haircut and eyeglasses, he would have looked much older. Their appearance didn't give them away, it was what they said.  Grunts talk about their C.O., what the cook is serving for lunch, and the letter from the girl back home.  These two, they said things like trans-dimensional migration, molecular coherence, chronometric convergence, and things about strings and time.  

As soon as they saw Simmons watching them, they looked at each other, nodded and walked over to him.  All dressed in their space skivvies, introductions were made. The women reached out to shake Simmons' hand. Simmons took her hand and shook.  Hot for an egghead, Simmons thought, as he introduced himself.  

Hello...
I'm Simmons, Avery Simmons.   

She smiled and cupped her free hand over his.  It’s nice to meet you, Avery.  I'm Sonya and this brilliant young man is Herbert, she said.

Herbert clasped Avery's hand and shook.  Sorry about our reaction outside.  We usually aren't so formal up here, so when you saluted like that, we kind of lost it. 

No problem, said Avery.  I'm a little surprised too. I expected more of a military reception.

Sonya and Herbert smiled at him and chuckled.  I guess they didn't tell you, said Sonya.  Tell me what? Avery asked, eying them nervously.  

Even though Herbert and I are technically military, you were brought up here to be our military liaison and chief of security.  They didn't like the fact that we chose you, but you fit our requirements and theirs, so they agreed.

What requirements, asked Avery?

Well, first of all, Sonya said, you had to be up to the trip.  Second, you had to be military. Third, you had to be a munitions expert with knowledge of structural engineering.  Most important of all, you had to be a thinker, not one of those mindless attack dogs.

Like I said, we're scientists first.  We're smart enough to know the limits, but that doesn't mean that we succumb to them. That's why you're here.  We'll unravel the secrets of the universe, while you keep us from blowing it, and us, up.

For a moment, Avery just looked at them.   Sonya and Herb looked at him expectantly. He was pretty sure that they were out of their minds, but he knew that this could be a major career opportunity, if he decided to be a lifer.   After all, how tough was it going to be to keep a handful of techno geeks from killing themselves?  It’s not like their trying to blow up. 

Sonya took Avery's hand. Well, what do you think?  We won't order you to do this.  If you want something a little more militant, we'll just tell them that we changed our minds, but we'd hate to go through this again. 

Herbert stepped forward, putting his arm around Sonya's shoulders. At least give it a shot, said Herbert. As security head, you'll have the finally word in matters of personal and general security.  Regardless of rank, your word on security matters will be final.

Avery smiled.  Sonya squeezed his hand.  Excellent, said Herbert.  Let's get you inside and you can meet the rest of the team.  Once Avery had finished stripping off his EV suit, the trio entered the station.

Like the airlock and inner chamber, the facility walls were a cool metallic blue, passing from ceiling to wall with no visible seam or corner.  At the first intersection, they took a left.

Once you meet the rest of the team, we'll get you settled in the barracks, said Sonya, gesturing toward the opening to the right of the intersection.  Sonya locked her arm around Avery's leading him down the hallway.  

 At the end of the hallway the walls were capped by a large metal door.  A circular panel illuminated by a glowing green sensor, stood watch.

As the trio neared the door, the bases computer welcomed them.

Good evening Sonya.  Good evening Herbert.  Welcome and good evening, Private Avery Simmons.  I am the Central Interactive Neural Dynamic Intelligence, but I prefer CINDI.  Before I can allow you access to more sensitive areas of the facility, your optics must be scanned and tagged.  Please approach the panel and look directly into the sensor.  

As Avery approached the door. Beams of light scanned his body from the floor up. He'd had this done before, but the computer never bothered to warn him first.  A second beam swept across his eyes.  Scan completed, said CINDI.  Please specify preferred ID.  Avery looked back at Sonya with a confused look on his face.

She wants you to tell her how she should address you, said Sonya.

Avery nodded. Turning back to the door, he responded.   Avery, he said. You can call me Avery.  

Thank you, Avery.  Identity encoded and confirmed.   Welcome to team Heinlein.  Access granted. CINDI fell silent and the panel light dimmed.  Once again, the hissing sound swelled, reverberating through the hallway, as the door slid open.   Awash with light, Avery raised his hand to shield his eyes. A soothing grey-blue light flooded into the hallway and the trio entered the main lab.

Chapter 13, Exodus

He'd had his own quarters for more than 10 weeks now, but somehow he couldn't get over how quiet it was.  Avery had gotten use to the coughs, the sounds of restless sleep, the half sleep stumbling of a bathroom run, and the screech of a stubbed toe.  Two years of nocturnal nuance had tucked him in and kept him company, but now he was on his own and sleeping through the night.  So, he made do.  His quarters were small, featuring the same rounded corners that were a key component of Heinlein's architecture.  The room was boxy and just big enough for a twin bed, a footlocker, a small desk and a chair.  The entrance was just off of the main hallway, not far from the main the barracks. The desk sat against the opposite wall, beneath a large round window.  The Earth sat just to the right, hanging high above the primary test facility, located on the outermost edge of Heinlein One.  The bed sat against the wall, just to the right of the desk, with the footlocker to the left. It was small and a little too quiet, but it was home.

Avery had just lain down when CINDI called.
Avery.... she whispered...  Her voice reverberated from the comm badge on the desk.  

Avery sat up, straightening his shirt and hair as he spoke.  

What's up CINDI? He asked, searching the floor for his boot.

The supply ship has arrived. We are preparing to unload.  Lt. Perkins requires your authorization to proceed. I told him to refuel while he was waiting. I thought that it was best to occupy his time while I woke you. CINDI's voice trailed off...

Avery smiled. 

That's fine CINDI, it was a good idea.  You know how relaxed Perkins makes himself when we make him wait.  Let him know that I'm on my way.

From his window, Avery could see the landing pad airlocks.  Perkins' ship sat nestled on the same pad where Avery had arrived several years earlier.  

Avery chuckled, picturing himself saluting Sonya and Herb, as they laughed.  Putting on his boots, Avery turned and entered the hallway. The halls were barren. The bulk of the staff was down at the landing pad, off loading supplies.  The intermittent sounds of shuffling feet and the chatter of water cooler conversation echoed down the hallway.  As Avery approached the airlock locker room, Perkins walked into the hallway. 

Nice to see you again Tim, said Avery.   Perkins smiled and held the box he carried out to Avery.

I thought that you'd like to take care of these supplies yourself.  I know how long you've been waiting for these.  And don't worry… it isn't any of that new synthetic stuff.  Who knows what kinds of cancer that stuff will be the cause of in 50 years?

Avery's eyes widened as he took the box from Perkins.  Pulling back the seal, Avery caught the aroma of the contents. The grin on his face seemed to envelope his whole face, as he thanked Perkins.  Squatting down, placing the box on the floor, Avery pulled the lid.  As he did, CINDI's voice boomed in his ears, emanating from hidden speakers along the passage walls and from Avery's and Perkins' comm badges.

ALERT!  ALERT!  Radiation levels are nearing critical in the Heinlein Primary Test Facility. ALERT! ALERT!

Still clutching the box, Avery ran towards the main lab.  Perkins followed close behind.  Avery called out to CINDI, demanding to know what was happening.

CINDI!  Clarify!  Avery yelled, as he dropped the box and approached the access tube, leading to the primary test facility. 
You are entering a high security area. Authorization required, said CINDI.

 Authorization, Beta, 1, Omega!
Now open the damned door, shouted Avery, at the top of his lungs.  Perkins stood near by with a look of terrific confusion, the entire base started to shake.  Perkins staggered, falling over, accidentally flipping switches on the main control panel.  The main view screen switched on, displaying the surface of the moon, just beyond the base.  Perkins cried out to Avery.

Look!  Avery stepped back from the door as he turned to look at the screen.   Traveling down the center of the view, a massive crack traced the planet surface, approaching the base at a frightening pace. A strange grey-blue glow billowed forth as the crack crumbled and split to form a monstrous fissure. 

Horrified, Avery called out to CINDI.  

CINDI! Initiate Emergency Evac, Priority One!  Where are Sonya and Herbert?

Initiating Emergency Evac...
Sonya and Herbert are in the Primary Test Module, attempting to stop their experiment.  I've been trying to contact them, but fluctuating radiation levels have disrupted communications in the test module.  All that I can tell is that they're still alive.  Please Avery, get out of here.  I'll get them out, if I can, but I don't want to lose you to, said CINDI.

Avery grabbed Perkins.  Perkins was still fixated on the fissure outside. Avery shook him to attention. Tim, Avery shouted! Perkins' gaze drifted from the screen to Avery.

Avery's face was glistening with cold sweat, as he spoke.

Get back to your ship.  Grab anyone that you find along the way.  Give me as much time as you can, but if you don't hear from me, get as far away from here as you can. 

Perkins was about to argue, but the look on Avery's face told him that it was a bad idea.  Perkins turned and ran back towards the hallway, yelling back to Avery as he did.  

Watch yourself, Perkins shouted!

By then, Avery was back at the test facility access door. Passing his palm over the scanner to the right, the door slid open.  As it did, a blast of hot air rushed forward, making Avery feel a little light headed.  He staggered and stumbled into the passage.  The lights were out, but his path to the test facility was being lit by an intense blue glow, pouring out of the facility doorway.  Waves of heat washed over his body.  An unseen force pressed against his flesh, ripping the moisture away from his skin. Avery shielded his eyes, leaning into the searing heat.  As he neared the facility, he could feel his skin flaking off, as the newly exposed layers began to inch, burn, and cook.  Just as he was about to step through, Herbert tumbled out into his arms, send them both backwards onto the floor.  Sonya stood in the doorway, wearing a radiation suit, scorched and smoldering.  Sonya pointed at Herbert and then back towards the main lab.  Avery could scarcely see her face in the suit and mounting heat, but he could see that she had been badly burned.  He reached for her, but she pushed him back, smiled, and slammed the door shut, sealing it behind her.  Herbert cried out. 

Sonya! No!

Stop her, Avery! Stop her! Please... Herbert clutched at Avery's arm.

Avery could hardly recognize Herbert's face, which had been reddened by an eruption of bloodied sores and burns.  The look in his eyes was ghastly horrific.  Avery hefted Herbert to his feet and dragged him back to the main lab.  Stepping out of the passage, an explosion shattered the silence, as the facility door shuttered against the walls of the passage.  The passage door slid closed and hissed, as a shower of debris collided with it on the inside.  Herbert and Avery reached the main screen, just in time to see the Test Facility Explode in a blue ball of light and fire. 

Herbert fell to his knees sobbing, cursing Avery for not letting him die with Sonya and cursing Sonya for saving his life.  CINDI was in a panic. She screamed.  

Go, you've got to go!  Whatever happened in there has caused a chain reaction. Go! There's nothing I can do to stop it.  Please... go... Avery, go!

For a moment, Avery just stood there, looking at the blue vortex enveloping the remains of the test facility.  The ground around the facility cracked and swallowed half of the foundation.  Suddenly, he felt the salt of a single tear moisten and then burn his chapped skin and lips. Sonya... he said...

Then, remembering what he'd told Perkins, Avery forced Herbert to his feet and out into the hallway. Herbert continued to sob, but he was mostly walking on his own. The walls shook and strained against the bulking lunar surface.  As they hurried, walls creaked, seals burst, and the sound of emergency doors and barriers slamming shut reverberated down the hallways.   Explosions seemed to emanate from every direction, but they kept moving. The locker-room was just ahead and hopefully, so was escape.

Stripping off they're clothes, Herbert and Avery dressed in their EV suits. 

CINDI bellowed, Avery!  

Yes Avery, she sobbed... 

Are we the last? Are Herb and I the only ones left?

Yes, but there is a ship waiting.  The engines just powered up. I've already informed Lt. Perkins of your approach. CINDI sniffed, as if she had a runny nose.

Avery smiled. 

Thank you CINDI.  Thank you for everything, said Avery.  Herbert still sobbed.

CINDI let them into the airlock, sealing the door behind them, before responding.  

Don't thank me, just get out of here. Now go... CINDI sobbed...

The airlock opened and the inner airlock exploded behind them.  CINDI screamed, but her cries soon fell silent as the main lab exploded.  Herbert and Avery were thrown forward into the side of the waiting ship.  Herbert fell limp to the ground. Avery scrambled to his feet and dragged Herbert inside, as the foundation beneath the base crumbled into dust.  The blue glow rose all around them. Strapping Herbert into a seat in the rear, Avery strapped in next to Perkins as they lifted off.  As the glow rose, so did the temperature in the cabin.

Avery yelled... Get us out of here!  The rockets flared, sending the supply ship skyward. As they climbed higher, Avery could see that the entire Moon had been enveloped by the blue glow, flooding out of every crater, crevice, and fissure. Perkins looked back at Herbert and then at Avery.  Avery looked at Perkins and said she's dead.  Then, in a blinding flash, the Moon exploded, sending out a shower of blue-grey light, throwing the supply ship into an uncontrollable spin.  Perkins' eyes stood open wider than Avery had ever seen them.  His eyes were wild with fear and excitement, as flocks of lunar debris enveloped the supply ship. 

Herbert sat up and spoke, saying only one word. 
Sonya...


Chapter 14, Reunion

By the time Simmons arrived, the police station had been overrun by the press, sci-fi fanatics, and conspiracy theorists.  When they saw Simmons and his men, the crowds pressed in on them as they made there way to the door.  From every direction, questions and accusations flew.  Some accused them of chemical warfare, illegal experimentation, and of collaborating with alien invaders.  Simmons headed up the stairs, flanked by his men and several officers, who had been doing crowd control.  Two officers guarded the doorway at the top of the stairs.  Mounting the final stair to the entrance, Simmons turned.  Glancing over the crowd, Simmons marveled and shuttered.  Despite their reasons or reasoning, Simmons realized that the reporters, the nut jobs, and the conspiracists had a lot in common.  They were afraid and so was he.  Simmons sighed and shook his head at the crowd that pressed in on him, looking for answers that he didn't have.  Simmons slipped inside and approached the desk sergeant.  Perkins sat slumped over his desk, apparently asleep.  Simmons knocked on the desk, saying excuse me, in a stern but polite fashion.   Perkins merely slumped further away from him.  A little less polite, Simmons leaned in and shook the man, hard.   This time, the man groaned and started to sit up.  Simmons smiled, speaking under his breath.

Son of a bitch... Tim. Tim Perkins, he said.  

Perkins looked up at him and spoke in a semi-sleepy manner.

Well, well...  If you're here, we must be completely screwed.  The last time that I saw you, I needed a change of underwear and a good shrink.

Simmons' face became serious and grave, as he responded.

Nice to see you too Perkins.  I'd love to discuss your lack of bowel control and your psychiatric needs, but we're here about your spook problem. 

Perkins stood and gestured for Simmons to follow him.

Right this way Avery. I'm guessing that you're still baby sitting mad science and cleaning up the mess.  Are these glowing blue ghosties one of you're side effects or are they lost lab rats?

Simmons followed Perkins into the station room.  Most of the flat foots were out front, but a few had stayed behind to process the blue ghosties, as Perkins had so elegantly dubbed them.  Simmons asked where his guys could get setup.  Perkins showed them into a large interrogation room, while Simmons looked around.  He'd never spent any time in jail, so he was surprised how small the station was compared to the ones in old cop shows.  As he looked, he saw a young woman dressed in a short red leather jacket, jeans, and an old Apple Intel t-shirt, talking to a very green looking cop.  A newbie, he thought.

Simmons loved vintage t-shirts.  Not long after his return from Heinlein One, he'd become obsessed with them.  At first, he only collected car T's, but eventually he'd expanded into cartoons, and computer companies.  He hadn't been able to find and early Apple t-shirt, so while his guys got things ready, he decided to indulge his obsession.   

As he approached, Simmons couldn't help but think that he knew her.  As he drew closer, she glanced in his direction, having noticed him when he'd arrived.   She had been talking to the newbie, but now their eyes were fixed on Simmons.  The officer stood, introducing them both.  

Hi, I'm Officer Dirk Smithy. I assume that you're one of the special ops guys that called about our blue ghosts.

Simmons stopped mid-stride, less than 6 feet away from Dirk's desk.  His face had become drawn and pale.  He felt a little unsteady.  His knees seemed to have become gelatin.  He steadied himself, sitting back on the desk next to Dirk's.  Simmons couldn't believe his eyes.  The young woman stood and put her hand on Simmons' shoulder, asking him if he was alright.   Now, his heart was beating so hard that it was all that he could hear.  In silence, he looked at her, thinking how impossible this was and that he must be hallucinating.  Dirk offered him some water.

Simmons took a sip of water, ran his hand down his face and said, "I'm fine.  It's been a long day. Thank you."   

Simmons still felt the woman's hand on his shoulder.  He looked at her and asked her who she was.  Dirk quickly apologized.

Oh, I'm sorry.  This lovely young ghost, my personal savior, is Ms. Riley. Dirk smiled, as he gestured in her direction.  Simmons' face almost went pale again upon hearing the word ghost.   He took another sip of water, asking savior?

Yes, said Dirk. I would have cracked my head open on the sidewalk if she hadn't caught me.  She blushed, shyly smiling in Dirk's direction. 

Would you stop saying that? All I did was steady you.  You wouldn't have gotten more than a bruised ego.  And stop calling me miss. My name is Sonya.

Simmons unconsciously parroted her name back to her.  She patted him on the shoulder.
See,  Mr. special ops can say it, said Sonya.

Trying clear up the growing amount of confusion that he was feeling, Simmons started to ask questions.

Dirk, you referred to Sonya as a ghost?  So, she just appeared out of nowhere? 

Yes and no, said Dirk.  
It was more like she faded in.  At first, the sky got all swirly and weird. Then the next thing that I knew, there were a bunch of blue glowing blobs floating in the street.  The one nearest me turned into Sonya, when it, I mean she reached out to catch me.

Sonya nodded, confirming Dirk's story, suffixing it with but.

But what, asked Simmons?

I saw it a little different, said Sonya.  I was walking home from a night class in theoretical physics when I saw Dirk.  I was crossing the street and he just appeared.  I've seen ghosts before, so it didn't really freak me out, but it was kind of freaky.  It was the same street, but it was broad daylight where he stood.  It was like he was glowing.  It was like I was looking into a hole. I could see him, the builds, and even the daytime sky.  As I moved closer to the hole, he backed up.  When I saw that he was about to trip, I warned him. But he couldn't hear me, so I tried to grab him.  When I did, night was gone.  It was daylight and people started telling me that I appeared out of thin air.

Simmons wondered how this could be and why Perkins hadn't mentioned Sonya.  But he realized that Perkins had only met Sonya a few times and it had been years since Heinlein.   She was younger than when he'd first met her, but after listening to her speak, he was sure and he wasn't losing it.  It was her.  Somehow, it was Sonya, alive.


Chapter 15, Revelations

Simmons slowly regained his composure. Quickly draining one bottle of water after another, he listened to Sonya's tales of science camps and college classmates.  Cadet Smithy was obviously smitten with the younger Sonya, whose flirtatious fingers had the tendency to rest upon his hand, arm, and knee.  The dreamy eyed glaze had spread all over his body.  Simmons wondered if Smithy had heard a single word, as he mindlessly nodded and chuckled when Sonya stroked his forearm with her hand. Herb use to react that same way, Simmons thought.  

Suddenly Simmons realized that Sonya's hand was on his.  Are you alright, she ask.  Simmons smiled, placing his other hand on top of hers. I'm fine.  I was just thinking about an old friend.  He sent me here to find out what happened here, what happened to you and the others.  Something amazing is happening, something that may destroy everything if we can't stop it.  Sonya and Dirk stared at him. Sonya's gripped tightened on his hand.   For a moment, Simmons saw the Sonya that he had known. Her eyes grew narrow, probing Simmons' face.   What is it, she asked?  What's this all about?  How did all of this happen?  Why do I feel like you know me?  Sonya's probing eyes cut into Simmons like a dagger.  The smile that had adorned her face since he'd first noticed her was now a pensive and impatient grimace. 

I can't, said Simmons.  Sonya dropped his hand, ripping hers from his grasp. Cadet Smithy's glazed eyes had cleared.  Now he merely sat back eagerly awaiting Simmons' response.  He'd seen the look in Simmons' eyes when he'd gotten a good look at Sonya, not to mention the fact the she'd come into his life out of a glowing blue energy blob.  If it had just been Sonya that had appeared, Dirk would have thanked God and let it go, but it had happened everywhere.  And based on the reports, not everything that had appeared was human.

Simmons looked at Dirk and then back at Sonya, who stood in front of him with her arms crossed.  

I already have an idea of how, what I want to, no, need to know, is why... Why did this happen? Sonya plopped down into the chair next to Dirk, who looked at her and then back at Simmons.  Sonya stared at Simmons, expectantly.  

Like I said, I can't tell you that. Not because I don't want to, I just don't know.   Simmons bellowed.

Then why do you look at me like you know me? She asked.

Because I do, did, will... said Simmons.  

Sonya continued to grimace. Her eyes began to bore into him again.  Simmons leaned forward and took her hand.  A tear rolled down her cheek.  Simmons took her hands in his.  I knew you a long time ago, when I was just a kid, fresh out of boot-camp.  Her eyes showed confusion, which mirrored the look on Dirk's. She didn't notice. Simmons had her full attention.  

Not mentioning her relationship with Herb or the specifics of their research, which he didn't know, Simmons told Sonya about the moon, the base, the explosion, and about her death.  Dirk's face had grown pale.   Simmons saw Dirk's lips form the words, my god. While Sonya, drew away from Simmons.  I blew up and I broke the moon... she said, as a sea of tears moistened her cheeks.

Sonya ran to the station door.  Dirk stood to go after her. Simmons blocked his pursuit.   The protesters, reporters, and press had finally dissipated.  The streets were barren.  A curfew had been imposed since the ghostly materializations had brought ancient and not so ancient ancestors and prehistoric species to town.  There had been several sightings and a growing number of confirmed attacks.  Fortunately, there hadn't been any fatalities reported yet.

Sonya stood in the doorway.  A cool breeze wafted through the station.  The newspaper on Perkins' desk fluttered behind her.  For some reason, Sonya found it comforting, as she looked skyward and saw the moon and the tail that use to be part of the lunar surface.  Even in a thousand pieces, strewn across the heavens, it glowed and filled her heart with as much warmth as it did sorrow.   Scanning the sky, her eyes fell upon the edge of an ominous swirling darkness, looming beyond the city limits.  Her mind drifted back to the window, through which she had been drawn.  From her side, it afforded a view of a distant time.  From Dirk's perspective, it appeared as a silhouette of the onlooker. She wondered what was looking back from beyond the swirl and if it was going to cross over as she had.  She shivered at the thought or maybe it was just the chill of the night air.  Trails of tears dried upon her cheeks, as she turned and saw Simmons waiting for her at Perkins' desk. He was flipping through the paper. Sonya walked over and sat on the edge of the desk, with her back to him.    Simmons leaned back and turned the page. 

So... he said.  Would you like to talk to the people that I work for?  I'm sure that they wouldn't mind hearing your account of what happened, first hand.  Besides, you've got questions that I can't answer, questions that we both want answers to.  Sonya still sat with her back to Simmons, staring out at the street. Simmons sat forward and folded the newspaper, as he set it aside.  They'll probably want to run a few test, but nothing more invasive than a scan or two.

Sonya slid off of the edge of the desk, taking a few steps forward.

Simmons got up and walked up behind her. Sonya was still scanning the sidewalks outside.  Simmons moved passed her to the door. He looked out towards the area that Sonya appeared to be staring at.   At first, he saw nothing. Then, something blinked. Its eyes were a vibrant sickly shade of yellow. They blinked and disappeared down the alley with the lanky silhouette that surrounded them, followed closely by several others that he hadn't noticed before.

Sonya walked up next to him.  I take it that those aren't your average alley-cats.  If we're going, we should probably go before they decide to come back, said Sonya.

Simmons just nodded, still looking at the mouth of the alley.


Chapter 16, Access

The pain in his stomach head and stomach had subsided, but a burning sensation still lingered in his leg. When he opened his eyes, Alex found himself back in room 872.  He'd remembered waking up in the lab after his dream.  But he had to wonder. Was it a dream?  How many dreams left you with a waning headache and a receding burning sensation in one's leg?  He rolled up his pant leg and eyed the bruised redness of the skin on his inner calf.   It was eerily close to where he'd felt the ridge tearing at his leg in the dream.  Images of a massive swirling abyss filled his mind and a fearful dread reverberated through his body.  He stood, carefully testing his bruised leg.  Aside from the slight burning and the discoloration, his leg was fine.  As he approached the door, it slid open.  Alex immediately stepped back, expecting Dr. Li or Brock. Brock, the rock, he mused. He chuckled, ready to spring the idea on Brock, who'd probably been called much worst thought Alex. But after a moment, he realized that the door had opened for him and that he'd have to save nicknaming for later. Once again, he approached the doorway. The door stood open, as if it was waiting for him. He envisioned a cartoon rabbit, tapping its foot, impatiently pointing at its watch.  A sarcastic grin spread across his lips. 

Prefixed by a metallic clearing of the throat sound, a disembodied voice filled the room with a coldly pleasant tone as it spoke. 

Good evening Alex. I am the Central Interactive Neural Dynamic Intelligence, Series 3.  I am Dr. Li's assistant.  You may call me Julius.  If you feel up to it, Dr. Li would like you to come down to the lab.

Alex approached the doorway, peering out into the hallway.  There was something different, something ominous in the air.  Aside from Julius's voice, there was silence. When he'd first met Dr. Herbert Li, the hallways had been teaming with activity. But now, there was nothing.  Stepping into the hallway, no guards, soldiers, doctors, nurses, nor orderlies seemed to be around. The halls were barren. As he stepped out of his room, Julius's voice directed him towards the end of the hallway, where Alex entered the lift, which immediately closed behind him.  Looking around, he could see no buttons or obvious panels, until Julius spoke.  As Julius spoke, a luminous display appeared on the rear wall.  A map, showing his current position as the path of the lift, blinked into view at its center. 

When the lift doors open, proceed down the passageway. I will provide access to the test facility once you reach the door.  Is that clear? Julius asked.

Alex smiled and said yes.  As the lift came to a stop, the door hissed and opened.  Alex peered out into a dimly lit passageway, at the end of which he could see a door.  A light blinked at its center.   From the end of the passage, a voice echoed.

Whenever you're ready, said Julius.  

Alex shook his head and stepped into the passage. The lift door closed, hissed, and fell silent.  Alex walked toward the blinking light.  Each step echoed in his ears.  He still hadn't seen a soul.  This made him a little more than uneasy, but no more than waking up a few decades in the future.   One of the lights flickered, making the shadows dance along the floor.  Unlike the rest of the building, the passage was dark.  It wasn't just the level of light, it was the walls.  They seemed to be made of a very dark metal, maybe some kind of lead, running his hand over the surface as he walked.  Despite their color, they were just as smooth and pristine as the rest of the facility's walls.   Reaching the door, with the blinking light, Alex saw that it sat in the center of a panel which he hadn't noticed from the lift.  Julius made the clearing of the throat sound again.

Before I can allow access, your voice print must be submitted to the security database. Please state your name and preferred designation. 

Alex looked at the panel, which had come to life after Julius spoke. He started to reach for the panel, but he was quickly repelled by Julius's voice.

Please refrain from touching the panel, once more clearing his nonexistent throat. State your name and preferred designation, now! Julius demanded. 

Alex Marsters... I prefer Alex, said Alex.

Julius hardly gave him time to say "I prefer," before he responded.
Identity captured and confirmed. Access granted, please enter. Welcome to Particulate Omni Rapid Transit.  Dr. Li has been eagerly awaiting your arrival.  

The sounds of heavy bolts sliding and a massive hissing filled the air. Alex stepped back as the slid open, revealing another hallway, I identical to those with which he’d become familiar before entering the lift.  Well lit and welcoming, Alex found himself overwhelmingly anxious to get out off the dimly lit passageway. A lone hallway trailed up to a pair of double doors, one of which stood ajar. Alex was a little surprised to see a door that he'd have to open himself.  Stumbling through the opening, Alex hurried down the hallway toward the open door.   

Stepping inside, Alex saw Dr. Li seated in front of a large display that hovered above a smooth metallic desk, with a purple sheen.  Without turning to meet his gaze, Dr. Li asked Alex to have a seat, gesturing toward the chair to his right. 

Alex entered and sat, scarcely lowering his gaze from the display to find his seat. He was transfixed by the flood of images and data that danced across the screen.  At first glance, Alex assumed that Dr. Li was studying weather patterns and storms.  Videos and live feeds showed desolated landscapes and, swirling clouds.  As he watched, each video cut or panned to a nearby disturbance in the sky.  They were smaller, but he was sure. They were almost identical to the one on the beach and the one from his dream.


Chapter 17, Origins

Alex looked at Dr. Li, whose hands still moved across the keyboard in a blur, while his eyes remained fixed on the display. Just as Alex was about to ask, Dr. Li started to speak.

I know that you must have questions about what is going on, about how, and why you're here.  At first, so did I.  I'd hoped that it was something simple. Maybe you were a tourist or what Sgt. Brock likes to call flash bulb hippies.  But nothing checked out.  How could it?  I let Brock pursue this route for a while. I wanted it to be true, even though I knew that it wasn't.  Where and how they found you told me that. 

Alex remained silent.  Dr. Li's fingers continued to dance across the keyboard, not missing a step as he continued to speak. 

I didn't want to be the one responsible for what's happening. I didn't want to believe that it could. But there it is. For years, decades, scientists have argued about the effects that such an undertaking could have.  Theoretically possible, but not plausible, impractical, dangerous they said. But I did it... and I wasn't even trying. I thought that i could get it right this time.  What happened on the Moon would never happen again...  I promised her that.  The concentration of material is a fraction of what we had then, but here we are, not better for my efforts, but worst. 

Alex's eyes were fixed on Dr. Li.  What are you saying? He asked.

Dr. Li turned to face Alex. The pleasant and consoling face had taken on a madness which made Alex cringe, as a barrage of accusations erupted from Dr. Li's mouth.

You know better than anyone. You saw what's going to happen. You probably think that it was a dream. I saw what happened to your leg. When we found you unconscious, we brought you down here for some tests.  All of a sudden, you started to scream and thrash around. Then your leg started to gush blood.  Before I could do anything, it healed and you sat up and started to ramble on about a giant hole and death, saying that it was my fault. You know what is happening, you just don't know why.

Dr. Li's madness melted into utter despair. Tears welled up in his eyes.  Alex looked up at the display and then turned back to Dr. Li.

Fine Doc…  I really don't remember screaming at you or anything, but yeah. I know what, but I would really like to know why. 

It’s you, said Dr. Li! When I brought you here, the way that I brought you here, caused this. But this started long before the PORT project, the 'Particulate Omni Rapid Transit' project. You saw the Moon, didn't you?

Alex thought back to the shattered moon, with its glimmering celestial tail of lunar debris. A look of horrific amazement spread across his face. 

Yeah... that's right, I was part of that too. I was just a kid, in my early twenties when it happened. The moon was going to lead us into a new renaissance.  On some of the early missions, astronauts brought back samples of moon rock.  Most of it was your common feldspar, but some showed potential for generating astounding levels of energy. Several scientists were called in to study the samples. Not long after their research started, two of them were killed in an explosion.  No one was sure what happened, so it was ruled an accident. But this didn't halt the study.  In fact, soon after, a new research project was established to pursue the matter at its source.  That's when I was called in and that's when I met Sonya.

Dr. Li's cheeks flushed and he began to sob.  Alex sat quietly and waited for him to continue.  After a few minutes, Dr. Li wiped his tears away, apologizing as he did, saying that he shouldn't have let her do it and that he should have done more. He wiped and sniffed, as the tears dripped from his chin. Alex leaned forward and rested his hand on Herb's shoulder.

Doc…? We don't have to do this, said Alex.

Dr. Li looked at Alex. No, you need to know why, he said.

Sonya and I were assigned to the project and sent to Heinlein One, the world's first Artificially Intelligent Moon Base. Since the discovery of the original samples, eventually dubbed Lunarium, there had been several missions to the moon, all in secret.  Using these missions, the highest concentrations of Lunarium were pinpointed.  Heinlein was built on top of the main vein, giving us access to more than we would ever need.  Most of the base was automated or controlled by CINDI, an ancestor of Julius. She wasn't just built to run the base, but to help in our research, security, and to keep us company.  There was a small contingent of support staff, but they were mainly there to keep CINDI's systems sharp. After all, CINDI was someone else's project.

We studied the Lunarium for two years before we discovered a way to safely charge and discharge its energy flow. At this point, the military decided to take over, but they still needed us.  To protect their interest, they decided to send a military team to watch us, but politics and a few deleted research reports afforded us the right to choose our watchdog.  That's when they sent Commander Simmons.  He was one of the men who brought you in.  Of course, in those days, he was Private Avery Simmons. Anyway, he was with us for about two years before the end.

Once again Dr. Li paused and a tear cascaded down his cheek, as it fell to an absorbent demise on his lab coat collar. Alex remained silent until Dr. Li Continued his tale.

During that final year, Sonya and I hardly saw the outside of our lab. Once we'd found a way to charge the Lunarium, we started to discover some unexpected and unbelievable side effects. Once charged, the energy flow seemed to be perpetual and unstable. As a precaution, we kept the majority of our samples in storage. Once one sample was charged, it gained the ability to jump-start others. We had a smaller containment unit for active samples. CINDI often lost contact with us when the containment unit was open.  Fortunately, the ambient radiation seemed to have no effect on us, at least none that we'd noticed.
As we worked, the days seemed to pass slower than normal. We'd enter the lab on a Sunday and spend a day analyzing data, only to emerge to find that CINDI had only noted a passage of one or two hours at most. Once we realized what had happened, we found that charged Lunarium was disrupting the flow of time. Or to be more precise, the charged samples had acquired the ability to accelerate or slow the flow of time for things and people in close proximity to them. In honor of her favorite myths and the father of the Greek Gods, Sonya dubbed charged Lunarium, Chronium, named for Chronos. So, our research took a new turn. We experimented with clocks, liquids, and food.  The affects were too inconsistent. No matter how many times we tried, nothing seemed to regulate the flow of time. There was one good thing about our research. We discovered that modified spacesuits slowed down the affects of the radiation. We also found that its affects could be minimized by decreasing the concentration of samples in a common area.

That's when we decided to attempt to use Chronium to bridge space, therefore decreasing the perceived travel time from point A to B. Sonya had a few theories on how we could do this, but we knew that we had to find a way to regulate the energy-flow first.  It took weeks, but we eventually managed to create a working regulator. Many of our designs  were purely theoretical, but we had to try. Much of the regulator was primarily used for containment. Only a few components were design to direct and to control the chronetic energy. During our first test, we attempted to move a paper cup from one end of the lab to the other. The cup made it. It had also aged by at least 50 years. It flaked and crumbled when we touched it. This happened over and over again, until we learned how to constrict the field with a low level magnetic pulse. The pulse seemed to successfully restrict the aging affects long enough to allow the cup and 
many other objects to safely traverse the temporal field.

On the day of the last test, I'd decided to take a nap. I slept for about an hour and was on my way back to the lab, when I heard and an explosion from inside. Forgetting to grab my suit, I entered the lab. The regulator and half of the lab were in flames. The containment chamber had ruptured and the resulting explosion had breached the storage facility. Half of the Lunarium had been charged by the time I'd arrived.  Sonya was sitting against the wall to the right of the doorway. I took her hand to help her to her feet and started, as a heart wrenching cry of pain emanate from her lips. She was wearing her spacesuit, but half of it had been charred and fused to her skin. She screamed for me to get out. She told me that the chronium had become dangerously unstable and that she had to seal the breach.  Just then, the panel behind me exploded and threw me to the floor in front of the regulator. As I lay there, a wave of energy threw me backwards, slamming me into the wall. Then, I lost consciousness.

The next thing I knew, Simmons was carrying me and Sonya was locking us out of the lab. By the time we reached the control room, the lab had been engulfed in blue flame. Somehow, we made it to a ship and escaped into space, just before the base and the moon exploded. Our ship was enveloped in debris and a wave of chronetic energy. When the debris cleared, we found ourselves on the opposite side of the planet and more than a day had past. To us, it had only been minutes.

Later, I discovered that the pulse had caused another change in the Chronium. With each test and each pulse, the Chronium had begun to compress together into one lump.  Eventually, that lump compacted, increasing in density until it reached critical mass. That much I know, based on the final data stream transmitted by CINDI, before she exploded.  
Chapter 18, Fallout

The explosion unearthed and charged tons of Lunarium.  A substantial amount of it burned up in Earth's atmosphere, but some still rained down all over the planet.  Some of it found its way into the Atlantic and the Pacific.  Fortunately, only a small amount made landfall, mostly in isolated locations around the world.  For years after the Moon exploded, scientists collected and analyzed samples of charged lunar fragments, but they no longer seemed to have any effect on time or on our perception of it. No one is really sure, but we can only assume that the explosion caused another change in the chromium, resulting in what we now call chronyte.  In time, I managed to start this project.  Since the chronyte no longer exhibited the instability of its predecessor, finding funding without government ties was easy.  After all, what businessman wouldn't want to be responsible for groundbreaking advances in transportation and distribution?

Early on in my research, I discovered that the same magnetic fields that Sonya and I had used to control chronium radiation could now unleash it. So, I continued my research.  I had to do it. I wouldn't let Sonya's sacrifice be forgotten or written off as another misbegotten government experiment.

Alex could no longer remain silent.  His frustration had been growing beneath his mask of fascination.  He felt sorry for his loss, but Dr. Li still hadn't given him the answer he'd hoped to find in the doctor's ever growing diatribe.  Alex interrupted Dr. Li.  

Doc... Please... Alex implored.
I'm getting to it, said Herb, continuing.

Since your arrival, things have started to unravel in ways that I could never have predicted.  Time is like a river.  Like a river, time flows. Our experiments on the moon acted like a stone, skipping across the face of time and space. Each test sent out a ripple, disrupting the flow of time in a fraction of our perceptible view of linear time. Like a river, those ripples didn't just fade. They merely spread out until they were too small to see, not that we would have known what to look for.  Based upon recent events and data, the original ripples created weak points or fractures in time. When you throw a stone into a river, it doesn't just vanish.  It sinks to the bottom, but the additional mass continues to displace water as it flows over that stone.  The same was true of the fractures.  Once I started the second experiment, more fractures started to form.  With every test, a new fracture was thrown into the flow of time.  However, even though the flow had been disrupted, it was on a very small scale. At least, that was until the last test.  An unforeseen power surge punched a hole through that flow, opening the fractures and causing time to collapse into that hole and the present.

So what does that mean? Alex asked.  

Time is pooling, randomly spilling people and animals into the present.  The flow of time is repeating that last test unchecked.  So far, most of the transports are incomplete.  Many of the people and animals appear as phantoms, which fade in and out of our time period. But some remain, anchored by contact with someone or something from the present. If our past and present finally merge, we could cease to exist.  Without a past, there can be no present, nor a future.


Chapter 19, Daring

Closing his eyes, Dirk took a deep breath, pressing his palm firmly against the handle of his sidearm.  He pictured the yellow eyes and the shadowy forms that he'd glimpsed upon approaching his new friends near the station doors.  Simmons and Sonya had gotten a better look at them, but they couldn't imagine to what those eyes had been attached. It didn't matter. Dirk wasn't going to let anyone get hurt if he could help it, especially not Sonya.

Despite what they'd seen, they were determined to get to the lab. There was no doubt in their minds that Herb could answer an ever increasing number of questions.  Simmons had landed only a few yards from the alley.  Dirk volunteered to take point when they were ready to head out. Sonya would follow Dirk, while Simmons watched their backs.  Simmons primed his sidearm as Dirk gave one to Sonya and taught her the basics. He was surprised by how quickly she took to it. Simmons chuckled as Sonya readily leveled her sidearm and powered the injectors.  Entering the main office, Simmons drew his comm pad from his pocket and contacted Herb.

Herb, this is Simmons.  Sorry that I didn't call in sooner, but I got a little side tracked by one of our ghosts.  She's a scientist from the recent past. I thought that you might like to hear some of her observations first hand.  Besides, she's got tons of questions that I definitely can't answer. 

Good, said Herb. Most of what I've been getting from these interviews is deeply rooted in superstition.  I can hardly find more than a few crumbs of useful information. 

Well, we'll head out as soon.  We saw something strange outside, so we're taking it slow, said Simmons.  We aren't too sure what they were, but we all agreed that they probably haven't gone very far.  

Be careful out there Avery.  

I will Doc.  Simmons, out!

Simmons returned to the front of the station.  Dirk and Sonya were staring out into the street. 
Are you ready, he asked?  Are you ready, said Sonya?  Let's do it, said Dirk.

Dirk drew his sidearm and slipped outside. The streets were barren, except for a few stray scraps of paper, being scooted along by the wind.  A curfew had been instituted, which everyone initially ignored, but with an ever increasing number of disappearances and ghostly sightings, the streets had emptied by dark.  Dirk let the station door close behind him, gesturing for Sonya and Simmons to stay put.  Making a quick sweep of the area, Dirk beckoned for Sonya and Simmons to follow. Dirk could see the car on the landing pad less than ten yards from the alley where they'd seen the yellow eyes disappear. 

For the moment, the sky was clear and even though it was fragmented, the moon provided an ample amount of light.  Sonya inched up behind Dirk, followed closely by Simmons whom was noticeably on edge.  We've got to go, said Simmons.  Now! Something's back there.  I can feel it.


Chapter 20, Prey

It was cold.  Since he and his clan had entered the shimmering ring, the warmth and brilliance of their home had faded.  Now, they huddled together as they moved, sticking close to the shadows.  The hunting had been good at first.  There was prey at every turn, but they frightened him and many of his clan. They were smart, but not always quick.  We are always quick, quiet, and smart.  We always hear them first, he thought, snorting as saliva dripped down his chin.  

It had only been a couple of days since he'd last seen his home, his sky, his hunting grounds.  The jungle was lined with fire capped mountains. The skies blazed with light, blue, gold, and red. The forests were thick with a crawling mist that blanketed the jungle floor.  Each night, when the sun sank out of sight, beyond the fire hills, his clan awoke and hunted in the waning time. He didn't know why, but it was always the best time to hunt.  The big herds often had stragglers, too proud to ask for their clan to wait.  Fortunately, his clan was not too proud to attack them.  This filled their bellies, but it did little to feed their thirst for the hunt.  But that thirst was often filled once the sun had set.  At night, they hunted by scent.  Smaller prey slept in packs, smelling of fear and pulsing with blood.  Finding them was easy. But, that wasn't the fun part.  Catching them after they scattered, always made their mouths water.  The thump of a still beating heart, bursting in their jaws, was the perfect way to end the night and a hunt.  

The new lands were different. He hated hunting just by sight and sound, but something was wrong with the air.  It made their lungs burn.  None in his clan had been spared this affliction, but they made do.  It was worth it.
Hunting here is good, his brother grunted, gesturing to where they'd heard movement earlier.  He looked and saw something emerging. It was tall, but seemed to stoop down as it moved.  He could see the heat radiating from its body. His clansmen saw it too.  Their eagerness grew as two more emerged to join the first one.  The clan fanned out, sticking to the cover of shadows.  The hunting had been slow that night.  These three would not escape.  Despite the burning that he would feel, he searched for their scent.  The air was thick with air and sweat.  The three that they stalked had stopped and seemed to have sensed the impending attack.  Their scent had become a tidal wave, washing over and inflaming his clan's hunger.  Soon their hunger would grow into an unquenchable lust for blood.  Soon they would no longer care about stealth.  Soon there would only be the smell and the taste of their blood. 

There was little time left.  The others had already begun to inch closer and closer to the prey.  His brother and sister still held their ground, flanking him on either side.  One of his prey was looking right where they had been hiding.  The other two drew close together, trying to hide behind a strange boulder, but their scent exploded into the air.  He felt his claws tear into the earth, as his teeth dripped with anticipation, he flung himself out of the darkness to claim his prey.


Chapter 21, Predators

From every direction, they heard the sound.  A high pitched raspy roar reverberated from the shadows. Beneath the roar, there came the thud click of a dozen rushing talon clad claws. Simmons' eyes grew wide as three pairs of blazing yellow eyes pierced the darkness, lunging forth from the shadows.  Before he had a chance to think, he fired, not aiming until he'd already fired a third round.  Their speed was terrifying, but he dropped the one right away, dividing a pair of the eyes with a single shot.  To his left, Sonya and Dirk followed his lead, firing into the shadows at nearly a dozen pairs of yellow eyes.  Simmons took out another one of the creatures attacking from their flank.  The remaining flanking attacker let loose a high pitched squeal as is pounced onto Simmons.  The creature's razor lined jaw clamped down on Simmons hand and the sidearm in its grasp, crushing the barrel. Simmons locked his arm around the creature's neck. They toppled back on to the grass.  Simmons could feel the creature's tongue probing and coiling around his fingers as they struggled.  He knew that the barrel of his sidearm and his hand had been crushed.

Seeing their clansman entwined and wrestling on the grass, the creatures charged in a circled around Sonya and Dirk in order to attack Simmons.  Dirk and Sonya pressed in against the car they'd been hiding behind. Tears welled up in her eyes, but Sonya kept firing.  No longer underestimating their prey, the creatures ducked and sidestepped her shots easily, darting away and returning with bared fang and claw, one of which tore through Sonya's left arm. She shot the claw's owner through the eye, which exploded from the back of its head.  A shriek rang out to her right, as blood splattered across the side of the car.  Dirk slumped to the ground next to Sonya, as blood gushed from the stump that use to be his right arm.  One of the creatures tore at Dirk's lifeless body and detached limb.  Through a mask of blood and tears, Sonya fired. Several of the creatures had died, but not enough to make them retreat. Some of the creatures held their ground, while others turned on their dead, dragging them off into the shadows. The remaining creatures continued their assault.  One lunged for Dirk, embedding its teeth in his neck and ripping out his throat.

Simmons continued to struggle with the creature which had led the attack. Trails of blood streamed from the claw anchored in his back.  Blood dripped down from the barrel of the sidearm in his hand, which was still firmly lodged in the creature’s jaws.  Simmons could feel his hand starting to go numb. So, before he lost full use of whatever remained of his hand, he pulled the trigger of his sidearm.

Click!

A hum filled the creatures head. The burning sensation in his throat was gone.  His entire body felt warm and tingly.  He savored the blood on his tongue, as he bit down harder and harder.  Simmons screamed and the creature’s head exploded along with Simmons’ mangled hand. The creature’s headless body wrenched and flopped to the ground.  The claw anchored in Simmons’ back, fell limp to the ground. The rest of the creatures scattered and fled, snatching up pieces of the dead as they did.  Simmons lay back on the ground, cradling his shattered hand.  Sonya sat with her back against the car next to Dirk, crying. Dirk’s body lay motionless with blood pouring from his throat.

Simmons sat up and looked at Sonya.  We should go before they decide to come back, he said.

What about... Sonya started to ask?

There’s nothing that we can do for him, whispered Simmons.  He’s gone.

Chapter 22, Ripples

Alex wasn’t sure how to take what Herb had just told him.  Going to sleep and waking up a few decades later, seemed trivial by comparison.  Herb had returned to his work, muttering as he did.  At first, Alex couldn’t understand a word of what he was saying.

What’s the connection? Why myths and legends? Herb muttered these questions over and over. Alex thought Herb had snapped, when the muttering stopped.  That's it, shouted Herb.  Alex stood and took a few steps back towards the lab doors.  My God, that's it, Herb repeated.  What's it? Alex asked.  Herb turned to face Alex.  It all fits, said Herb. 

Behind Alex, the lab door crashed against the wall, as Simmons stumbled into the room, leaning on a gorgeous redhead.  Simmons cradled a small mass of bloody rags in his arms, cloaking his tattered hand.  Aside from being notably upset and the clotted gash on her arm, the redhead seemed to be fine.  Alex helped her get Simmons into a chair.  All the while, Herb sat motionless, unable to take his eyes off of the redhead. Alex could see tears in his his eyes.  Sonya, he whispered.  Herb repeated her name again and again.  Sonya walked up to Herb, who fell to his knees and took her hand, and sobbed.  

Herb, she's not your Sonya, said Simmons.  She's from at least ten years before you met, our Sonya. Herb looked at her.  She was different, he thought.  She smiled awkwardly.  Her cheeks and face grew red with embarrassment.  Herb relaxed his grip on her hand and sat in his chair. Nice to meet you, she said.  I'm Sonya, Sonya...  Riley, said Herb, finishing her sentence.  She smiled as her face reddened once more.  Hi Herb.  Could you do something for Avery, she asked? We were attacked outside of the police station.  Tears started to roll down her cheeks, but her face stayed serene as she spoke.  Avery shot the ones that led the attack, but they came from everywhere.  I kept shooting and shooting, but they wouldn't stop.  All of the serenity drained out of her face, unleashing a tide of despair, but she continued.  And Dirk... Dirk... they killed him. They killed him.

Her words melted into an incomprehensible stream of tears.  He put his arms around her.  Seeing her so anguished and lost, Herb's self-loathing and despair receded.  All that he could see was that she needed him and she was alive.  Simmons looked at them and smiled.  Herb was the elder now, but it still seemed to fit.  He hadn't seen Herb look so at peace since before Sonya's death. Despite the dire circumstances, Simmons was happy to see him happy, if only for a moment.
Alex tended to Simmons, while Herb comforted Sonya and told her how he knew her. What did this to you, Alex asked?

If I didn't know better, which apparently I don't, I'd say that it was a pack of dinosaurs, said Simmons.  He winced, as Alex started to clean the blood from Simmons' mangled hand.  They were about five to six feet tall, with long necks, clawed hands and feet, and long narrow skulls. That sound like dinosaurs to you? Simmons asked. 

Simmons smirked and dropped a severed claw on the table in front of Alex.  Alex stepped away from the oozing artifact.  Herb had been listening to their conversation.  Herb ran over to the table, where Simmons had dropped the severed claw. Using a pen, he poked and prodded at the claw.  Shaking his head, Herb started to mutter again. It can't be too late, not yet, said Herb.

Too late for what? Sonya asked.

To stop it, to save us all, said Herb.

Years ago, when you and I started these experiments... the other you, we opened Pandora's Box. Sonya, how would you describe time? Herb Asked.

Like a river or a stream, she said.

Right, said Herb.

Well, our early experiments had unforeseen side-effects.  When you drop a pebble into any body of water, a ripple is created.  Our experiments did the same thing to the flow of time. These rifts or ripples in time were inert and relatively harmless, at first.  But once the Moon base exploded, the resultant release of chronetic radiation changed everything.

Julius, display the global chronyte grid. Maximize, commanded Herb.  

The cluster of virtual windows on the display, shrank and aligned themselves to the right, as a transparent map popped into view. As it did, small blinking spheres faded into view all over the map.  

Gesturing towards the areas highlighted by the spheres, Herb continued.  As indicated by the map, the explosion scattered chronyte all over the surface of the Earth.  Eventually, it accumulated in various locations around the world.  Once the accumulation occurred, many of the ripples were drawn to these concentrations, which focused and magnified their forces.  This magnification turned these ripples into rifts or windows in time.  Even though they drew their power from specific regions of the globe, they remained adrift in time.

Julius, overlay the grid with the geographical map of famous locations depicted in myths and folklore.

Simmons let loose a snort, trying not to laugh out loud.  Alex remained quietly curious, while Sonya remain noticeably intrigued.

Throughout human history, there have been tales of magic, monsters, and mysterious disappearances.  Most of them can be chalked up to paranoia, superstition, and insanity. But there still remain those that we can't or couldn't explain, until now. Sonya, you said that you saw our time through an opening in space, a window that appeared in the street. 

Yes, that's right.  I see what you're getting at, she said. But could chronyte really possess that kind of power?

If you'd seen what I saw on the Moon, you would have no doubts, said Herb. 

Alex cleared his throat, interrupting.  So, you're saying that these ripples are traveling upstream, against the flow of time?

Herb smiled. Not exactly, but you could say that. Imagine that you're walking through the forest.  You're a citizen of the middle ages.  You don't even have a fundamental understanding of temporal mechanics and science.   All of a sudden, you see an opening in the woods.  Beyond it, you see a strange forest and a massive reptilian beast.  What did you see?  Did you see a dragon, a demon, or a mystical guardian of the forest? In that time, you might have said yes to all of this.  But what if it was something a little more complex and infinitely simple by comparison? What if what you really encountered was a window... a window in time, a window that allowed you to see into the distant past, one in which dinosaurs roamed and ruled the Earth?

Simmons interrupted this time.  So, you're saying that your experiment is responsible for Big Foot, the Loch ness Monster, and alien abductions?

Alex chuckled, but only for a second.

Well, think about it, said Sonya.  Have you taken a good look at where those chronyte fields are? Just look...  Stonehenge, Loch ness, The Bermuda Triangle, Easter Island, Egypt, Machu Picchu, the Nazea Plateau...  All of these places are deeply rooted in myth and legend.  The existence of temporal distortions and chronyte in the same locations is too much of a coincidence to be a coincidence.

Exactly, said Herb.  But there's more.  In general, I believe that the windows initially functioned as viewports, allowing for the occasional glimpse at the past, present, and future.  However, it is my belief that my second set of experiments initiated and active state of temporal flux. Basically, the windows became doorways and finally funnels, draining past present into our present, the source of the temporal distortions.  If the process isn't stopped, we could all cease to exist.  Even if we manage to stop it now, it may already be too late.  Either way, our entire solar system could devolve into a massive black whole.

What can we do Doc?  You wouldn't be explaining all of this unless you already had a plan. So spill it, said Simmons.

I do, said Herb.  Since this whole thing started, all of the worlds chronyte has been seemingly inert, all except for the chronyte in the P.O.R.T. power chamber.

And how exactly does that help us? Transporting stuff caused this, said Simmons.

Yes, it did, said Herb.
But it may also be the only way to save us.  Or should I say, Alex may be the only one who can save us. 

Whoa, there... Exactly how am I supposed to do that? Alex asked.  Oh I know, I can drink time under the table or bore it to a standstill with my impeccable study skills.

I wish that it was that simple, said Herb.  Since you're accidental arrival was part of the catalyst, I believe that your return home is a key component in undoing this all.

Going home sounds good to me, but what's the catch, ask Alex?

Well, since I'm pretty sure that the generator is partially fueling time's collapse,  taking it with you might reverse the process.  The test that brought you into the present was only partially successful, said Herb. He cleared his throat as he did.  
As if on cue, Alex, Simmons, and Sonya responded all at once.

What do you mean partially successful, they asked?

He looks like he's in one piece to me, said Simmons.

In a sense, he is, said Herb.  When Alex was drawn out of the past, his molecular structure was temporarily converted into energy.  If you recall, the experiment was conducted with a small amount of human blood, Alex's blood.  Unfortunately, our systems hadn't been calibrated to handle much more than that.  The fact that he materialized at all was a miracle. Based upon our tests and on recent events, Julius and I believe that part of you never materialized, at least not here.  Herb smiled.

The dream? Alex asked.
Is that scar on your leg a dream? Herb Asked.

Wait... wait... I'm willing to consider the possibility of windows in time and dinosaurs downtown, but time hopping twins... Come on Doc, please.  Get serious, said Simmons, shaking his head in disbelief.

Alex closed his eyes, picturing the desolation and emptiness he'd experienced in what he'd once called a dream.  Is that what the world will become, he wondered?

Sonya approached the display. Julius, she said. 

Yes , Dr. Riley. How may I be of assistance? Julius asked.

The “doctor” caught her off guard, as did the very strong sense of comprehension and recognition in the voice.

Do you know me, she asked?

Only by reputation, said Julius. Dr. Li has told me a great deal about the past future you. Also, prior to my I.A.D. I was...

Julius's voice trailed off, as Herb whispered in Sonya's ear.  Initial Activation Date, said Herb. Sonya smiled.

Julius paused, making the throat clearing noise, when he heard Herb speak. Sonya laughed.

Excuse me. Please continue, said Herb.

As I was saying, on my I.A.D., many of the research reports and personal logs from the Heinlein Project were encoded into my memory. So, I am very familiar with you and your potential achievements. Now, how may I assist you? Julius asked.

I assume that you and Dr. Li have been taking regular medical scans of Alex and the distortions, said Sonya.

I have, said Julius.

Alex and Simmons laughed.  Herb smiled and shook his head.

It is standard procedure to regularly scan test items or subjects to be sure that residual radiation dissipates and to confirm that the subject's molecular structure has fully stabilized.  Since Alex was and is our first human trial, we were not sure what to expect.  We'd hoped that his scans would exhibit the same patterns as previous tests, but no such luck.  Despite his limited exposure to it, Alex continues to emit high levels of intermittent chronyte resonance. Furthermore, his molecular structure tends to loose cohesion, fluctuating from a material state to energy and back. To date, every time the temporal distortions grow or show new activity, so does Alex.  Without realizing it, Alex bent over and rubbed the leg he'd cut in his dream.  It no longer throbbed like it had a few hours earlier, but it had been itching for awhile.

How's that leg? Herb Asked.

It's fine, just a little itchy, said Alex.

Maybe I should take a look at that, said Herb.

Alex sat on the table next to Simmons, rolling up his pant leg as he did. The cut had completely vanished. Not even a scar remained. The lights dimmed.

Please keep watching Mr. Marsters, said Julius. 

As the lights dimmed, Alex's skin appeared to be radiating a very distinctive blue-grey glow. Simmons slid away from Alex and got to his feet. Just like chronyte, he whispered.

Oh my God, said Sonya.

One of them maybe, said Herb, smiling.

Alex's levels have been steadily increasing since you're arrival, as have the temporal disturbances around the world. People are no longer appearing. Now, entire populations are starting to vanish, said Julius.

Herb's face went pale as he turned to face the display. What are you talking about? What cities? He demanded. 

In order to monitor global activities, I've interfaced with dozens of key systems around the world. Recently, I've started to notice a growing number of discrepancies between my database and theirs. Initially, they were primarily consistent with my records, but now they're off by millions. Also, at least 30 percent of the systems that I originally contacted have ceased to exist. Aside from my own records and logs, there is no evidence that they've ever existed.

Herb approached the display. Dancing effortlessly over the keyboard in front of it, he searched. Data and images flashed in and out, census, voter registrations, data stream distributions, and more. One after another, he compared Julius's database with information siphoned from the global net.  Alex sat staring at the ever increasing glow emanating from his skin. Sonya and Simmons stared at the display.  Herb muttered and cussed after each soul crushing comparison.

After a few minutes of searching, Herb stepped back from the keyboard.  Julius... you're sure about this data? Herb Asked.

If I were not certain, I wouldn't have called it to your attention.  But perhaps you require a little more than a few terabytes of illuminated information.  Sighing, let's see..., said Julius. Here's an easy one.  Anyone, who's heard of Canada, please raise a hand?

A fluttering flag, featuring a red maple leaf appeared on the display.

Making the throat clearing noise, hands please, Julius demanded.

Simmons pounded his fist and yelled. No one cares or has heard of a Canada. What kind of game are you playing? 

It was a country, said Alex.

Yes... was, said Herb.

Canada faded just before Commander Simmons and Dr. Riley entered the compound, said Julius.

Sonya was amazed by the arrogance in Julius's tone, but she was more interested in what he'd said, not how he'd said it.  So, how is it that you and Julius still remember?  If Alex is somewhat unstuck in time, that might explain his memory. But what about you two, she asked?

I can't be sure, but its possible that our proximity to the chronyte generator is protecting us somehow, said Herb.

More likely, said Julius, the ambient radiation from the generator is interacting with the facility's security barrier, creating a temporal displacement or stasis field.

Yes... or something like that, said Herb.

Sonya smiled.  Alex just shook his head.

I love watching you kids bicker, but maybe we should find a way to bring Canda back and stop anything else from going bye bye, said Simmons.

Let's do it, said Alex. Some of my favorite actors are from Canada. Alex stressed the word Canada and smiled at Simmons.

Sad, you really are from a different time, said Julius.

Chapter 23, Gone

We're only going to get one shot at this.  Once the initial charge enters the regulator, I can only restrict the particle conversion process for a few seconds.  By a few, I mean 15.31675 seconds. If I delay the transport any longer than that, a sizable chunk of the Earth will become about a thousand smaller chunks.  Before that happens, Dr. Li will have to detach the chronyte generator, hand it to Alex, and be clear of the departure zone before conversion.  Once the generator is detached, it is very likely that the field protecting us from the changes in the timeline will fail. There will be no time for a second chance. Time is almost up. Population densities have dropped from the billions into the millions.  Is everyone clear? Julius asked.

Where do you want me? Alex asked.

Herb directed him towards a tarp covered object at the far corner of the lab.

Alex removed the tarp to reveal a small hexagonal pad, with a glowing disc at its center.

That's the Port Pad that I designed for human testing, said Herb.  Just stand in the center and we'll handle the rest.

Not a problem, said Alex.  Just one thing... What am I suppose to do with the generator once I get home?

Nothing, said Julius. If all goes as predicted, the generator will invert the funnel effect created by your original port. The system is only programmed to send you through. The generator should be absorbed into the time stream, theoretically repairing it.

Okay, said Alex.

And what are we suppose to do while you three are saving the world? Simmons asked.

Herb smiled and said, well... Sonya can help monitor the Port systems and you can get the generator into Alex's hands before he's converted into energy.

Yes sir, said Sonya.

You've got it Doc, said Simmons.

Sonya walked over to Alex and kissed him on the cheek. That's for luck, she said.

Initiating Port…  Good luck to us all, said Herb.

Sonya positioned herself at the panel next to Herb.  Simmons positioned himself near the generator across from Alex. A dull blue glow emanated from its surface.  Julius started the final countdown.

Charging particle converter in 5, 4, 3, 2... go!

Herb ran over to the power chamber and began uncoupling the leads from the generator.

Sonya, how are the readings? Herb Asked.

Overload in 9, 8, 7... Sonya continued to countdown.
Just as she said 6, Herb yelled. Done! Go! 

Simmons grabbed the generator. 

Hurry! 4 seconds, screamed Sonya!

Simmons scrambled up to the pad and hefted the generator into Alex's arms.

Clear, shouted Julius! 

The conversion field pulsed into view. Simmons cleared the pad and Alex faded into a stream of shimmering white.  As the light grew brighter, they all shielded their eyes. Suddenly, the light pulsed and blinked out. Alex and the generator were gone.  An eerie silence filled the lab. Herb tried to speak, but nothing came out. Sonya tried to scream, as she point towards the empty port pad, but the silence remained.

At first, it was small… floating just above the center of the pad, but in an instant it filled the lab.  It touched Simmons first.  Arcs of light speckled dark energy enveloped his arm and body. As he turned to smile at them, his body exploded into a shower of black pulsing orbs, which faded into nothingness. Wrapping his arms around Sonya, Herb kissed her on the forehead and they too exploded and faded in a shower of black pulsing orbs. In moments, the entire facility was enveloped and vanished, leaving a superheated crater of molten earth.

Chapter 24, Back

As the light intensified, Alex closed his eyes, but it made no difference. For a moment, he looked for his friends beyond the beam, but they were gone. Everything was gone. He could still feel the generator he'd been holding.  Despite his best efforts, he could feel it slipping away. With each passing moment, it seemed to diminish, lessen in size.  The time stream appeared to be doing exactly what Herb and Julius had guessed. Before very long, the generator was completely gone.

Alex had been asleep during his initial trip, so he was surprised by how long it seemed to take. After all, it is time travel, he thought. Suddenly, he felt a surge of pain run up his leg. He opened his eyes.  For a moment, he saw his lifeless corpse twisted and slashed, near the base of a glassy crater.  Arcs of black energy enveloped the body and it exploded into a shower of pulsating black orbs.

In an instant, Alex found himself looming over the edge of the glassy crater.  Framed by a single strand of sky, an ominous swirling mass swelled overhead. The wind began to rise, lifting leaves, wafting waves upon once wistful sand. Above, black bolts arced and blazed across the sky. The swirl thundered and bulged at the center. The swirl rumbled, roared, and erupted. Alex fell to his knees, protecting his ears from the assault.  Once again, the swirl bulged, pulsed, and burst at its center. Bolts of black struck the earth all around, preceding and explosion of blue-grey light along the crest of the horizon.  The crater bloomed with light. The roar of thunder trailed off into the lapping wake of an ocean breeze. 

The light from the crater grew into a blinding blue-grey light, as arcs of black energy enveloped Alex's body.  Alex closed his eyes.  The sound of the surf filled his ears and the salt air filled his lungs, as he exploded into a shower of blue-grey orbs that dissolved into the sand.

The sound of the surf faded. The salt air became sweet. The smell of freshly baked filled his nostrils.  He heard the fall of feet on stone. Footsteps... cars... conversation…  Alex opened his eyes. He was in an alley. Ahead of him, people passed by on the sidewalk at the mouth of the alley.  Taxis, trucks, buses, and beeping horns bathed Alex in the familiar. He was home, across the street from his loft. By the odors emanating from Mr. Li's, it was almost time for lunch and he couldn't wait.  The aroma of chocolate chips flooded his nostrils.


Chapter 25, George

He hated the city in summer. Even though he was one himself, he hated tourists. It was nothing personal. He just didn't like waiting.  Tourists meant lines. During the summer in San Francisco, especially around the 4th, getting around took time.  But today, he would grin and bare it. His mom was taking him to visit his grandpa.

George! Are you ready to go?
Ready Mom! I was ready to go the last time you asked! Is dad coming, he asked?

No, he's got a meeting downtown, but he'll meet us there later.

Figures, said George, punching the pillows on the couch.

Come on... we'll do some sight seeing on our way to grandpa's. By the time that we get there, your dad should be on his way. His mom hugged him and stroked his hair.

Alright, but can we go to the Museum of Torture Devices again? It's on the way...  George looked up at her, wide eyed and pouty. Please, he whined?

His mom kept stroking his hair and gave him a big hug.

No, but I may buy you a candied apple if you give up on the puppy pout, she said.

Deal, said George, smiling.


Chapter 26, Beginnings

By the time that they'd finished touring the Embarcadero and Union Square, it was almost noon. George's dad paced back and forth on the sidewalk near his father's shop.  George and his mom came around the corner across the street. George's mom waved to her husband.

George, there's Dad. I told you that he'd make it.

George saw his dad waving. George let go of his mom's hand and ran out into the street. He hadn't seen the taxi speeding to make it through the yellow light. His father called out for him to go back. George mistook his urgency for encouragement, so he kept running.

Alex walked out of the alley. The smog filtered sun felt good on his skin. It was nearly noon, so most of the morning haze had been obliterated by the noon day sun.  He loved summers in SF. It might start off cold, but each day offered a new opportunity to lounge in the sun, dine on a new delicacy, or accept a smile from a beautiful stranger. He hadn't finished the thought when he saw a true beauty waving in his direction.  She had a small boy in tow. As the boy started to wave, Alex realized that the man reciprocating their jocularity was their true target.

Suddenly, the man yelled out. Georgie, wait!

Alex turned and saw the boy dashing out into the street and he saw a taxi barreling through the traffic light at the corner. Before he knew what he was doing, Alex ran to the curb and snatched the boy out of the way. The taxi never stopped, nor did it slow down, but no one cared. George was alive. George's father ran over and threw his arms around the boy, muttering warnings of concern. 

Jesus Georgie... what were you thinking?  George's father looked at Alex and said thank you. 
George's mom ran up with tears in her eyes. She took the boy into her arms and kissed him. Herbert George Li, what did I tell you about running off like that? 

Alex's face went pale. He backed away from the frantic family reunion.  Mr. Li came running out of the bakery and threw his arms around the family.  A moment later, the boy dropped to the sidewalk and walked up to Alex. Fidgety and still a little shaken, little Herb Li said thank you and offered to ask his grandpa for some free cookies. Alex thanked him, but declined the offer. He still couldn't believe what just happened and who he'd just saved. I guess it worked, he thought. I really am home.

George cocked his head to one side, squinting like he'd seen his father squint. Are you okay mister, he asked? 

I'm fine, said Alex.

You're looking really blue mister, said George, still squinting.  George turned to call his parents and grandpa over.  As he did, a blinding flash lit up the alley.  A shower of pale blue-grey orbs rained down around him and faded from sight. George turned to look back and Alex was gone.  George smiled, as he turned and ran back to his parents and Grandpa Li.
