
DeniseZen

A Novel


Jamie Antonia Symonanis

Copyright © 2011 Jamie Antonia Symonanis
Smashwords Edition
All rights reserved
No part of this book may be used or reproduced in any manner whatsoever without written permission, except in the case of brief quotations embodied in critical articles and reviews.
Published by Symonanis
This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only.  This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people.  If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient.  If you're reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to Smardwords.com and purchase your own copy.  Thank you for respecting the work of this author.



The author can be contacted at
garbovatwins@gmail.com



This is a work of fiction.  Characters, corporations, institutions and organizations in this novel are the product of the author’s imagination, or, if real, are used fictitiously without any intent to describe their actual conduct.



A very grateful thanks and acknowledgement is given to the following artists, listed in the order of their appearance.

Neko Case
Beatles
Laurie Anderson
Cream
Florence and the Machine
Blues Magoos
Brian Eno
Buddy Holly
Morrissey
The Smiths
Eric Clapton
Frank Zappa
Fever Ray
Sergio Mendes and Brasil 66
Ramones

For my part I know nothing with any certainty, but the sight of the stars makes me dream.

Vincent van Gogh

The Earth is just too small and fragile a basket for the human race to keep all its eggs in.

Robert Heinlein 

After one look at this planet any visitor from outer space would say, “I want to see the manager.”

William S. Burroughs

However vast the darkness, we must supply our own light.

Stanley Kubrick


This book is dedicated to my father and his loving memory. He was a great man and a loving father. I can still hear his song.


Chapter 1
Mustang

The smell was something she never could forget as she began her descent to the subway. It was not as deep as some other subway lines she’d been on but it still reeked of cold, damp, and mold that had settled everywhere in the tubes that the trains sped through daily. This was a part of the Chicago subway system, which meant it was simply a means of getting from point A to point B, forget about how it looked or smelled. There are so many other subway systems in the world that are gorgeous in comparison to this town, even in countries that had been completely leveled by war. They are works of art in comparison; some even have artwork hanging at the stations, but this town, Yeeech!
Today she was heading up to the mechanic shop the father of one of her friends owned to pick up her first car, and not just any car. This was a vintage 1964 Ford Mustang that had undoubtedly seen better days, but it had been completely overhauled mechanically to run well. She had lied when asked if she knew how to drive a stick shift and hoped that when the time came for her to drive away with the car she did not make a complete fool of herself.
The A Train pulled into the station, along with it a wash of the smell of the tubes that always engulfed the passengers on the platform. It could be worse; it could be diesel bus exhaust. She found a seat easily as the train lurched forward.
Here comes the nostalgia train. Whenever she passed her old neighborhood she remembered her early days. She lived in this neighborhood for the first seven years of her life. She loved it then and she loved it still. It had a wonderful vibe that let you know it was always going to be a good place to live. Her family left when she was seven because the building they lived in was probably going to have to come down, and rightfully so. It was built at the end of the 19th century and the way investors were buying up property, at times offering more than what it was worth, it was simply a matter of time before they were out. So, her parents bought a home of their own nearly a mile west. It was not as easy to get around the city from there, even though in Chicago a bus would get you most places, even to the Rapid Transit Systems. With a little fixing up it was home to her parents and her fellow siblings, but she did miss this old neighborhood, and the ease with which she could zip around town on the trains.
I loved the smell of the subway roaring through the tubes when I was young. Around the corner from her home on Milwaukee Avenue, the sidewalks had gratings built into them in front of certain addresses on nearly every block. When you walked over them you could feel the cool air from the tubes rising out of the darkness along with the smell of the tubes. She and her friends would wait for the subways to pass on a warm summer day to feel the wash of cool air and the smell, that almost otherworldly smell of the tubes that would gush out of the dark hole when a train passed. It was strong enough to blow your dress or skirt up over your head just like Marilyn Monroe in The Seven Year Itch. If you were wearing baggy trousers, they would fill up with air giving you the appearance of an inflated balloon that could easily float away.
“Division next stop, next stop Division,” the conductor announced. That meant that she would be leaving the tubes to climb up for the elevated leg of the journey. The guy that sat down in front of her smelled like he might have slept in his clothes the night before, maybe more than one night. She could hear the Ramones emanating from his head even though she could not see any evidence of headphones or wires through his matted jet-black hair that pointed in every direction.
I like the Ramones. He can’t be that big a mess if he likes the Ramones. She noticed her foot tapping along to the sound of Sheena Is A Punk Rocker. Well she’s a punk punk, a punk rocker, Punk punk a punk rocker. I love singing along to good tunes that appear out of nowhere. If I had to have a tune stuck in my head all day, Sheena was cool.
Only two more stops. She liked sitting backwards on the train. For some reason, to her anyway, it was easier to check stuff out, like coming back from a place rather than going there. North Avenue. Look at it. It’s the same design they started with more than a century ago. As a matter of fact, some of those dingy wooden planks look like they are the originals.
As good as the quiet music was coming from the guy in front of her who was now most definitely snoring, she stood up to make her way to the door to exit at Milwaukee Avenue, or was it Western Avenue. She could never remember which it was then stopped thinking about it when she realized it simply did not matter.
She decided to walk from the L stop it was such a nice spring day. Since she was still a little early she popped into Arturo’s for a couple of chicken tacos. The waitresses were always friendly, the cook always working too hard so she left them a nice tip in the bottle on the counter after paying. Good karma, maybe it will come back to me.
Oh wait, this is the odd side. She crossed the street to the honk, squeals and what she was sure were sexual comments she was happy she could not understand, coming from a small very noisy car jam packed with young Puerto Rican boys that was equipped with unfortunate odd sized tires and an exhaust system that sounded like it would wake up the entire neighborhood when the kid driving it came home at four in the morning. “La cucaracha, La cucaracha,” she started singing to herself. A young mother with two children in tow looked at her and laughed.
“Finally,” she uttered under her breath.
She started to walk into what looked like a mechanics office when someone called to her. “Excuse me Miss, can I help you?”
He was wiping his hands with a red rag. The smell of oil and sweat seeped out of the space.
“Yes, I’m here to see Mr. Ramirez.”
“You must be Gabe’s friend. I’m Tony. Phillip is out picking up some parts but should be back any minute.”
“Denise. It’s nice to meet you Tony.”
“Would you like something to drink, coffee or a pop?”
“No, I’m good. Stopped at Arturo’s on the way here.”
“Good choice. Good food.”
“Yeah. Love their chicken tacos.”
“Whoa, here he is.”
A black GMC pickup truck pulled up in front of the shop. She had never met Gabe’s father and was surprised that he was so tall. Actually she was always surprised when someone was taller than she was having sprouted to a height of 72 inches in high school.
Tony walked over to the truck to help him get some parts out of the back.
“Hello, Denise?”
“Yes. Nice truck.”
“Thanks. I hope you haven’t been waiting too long.”
“Nope, just arrived actually.”
“Well, just let me toss these in the office and get the keys.”
She followed him through a few doors, the final one leading to a garage where a few cars were parked. Phillip pulled a large canvas tarp off the car she was standing next to revealing a deep burgundy Mustang, her Mustang. She knew she was wearing a huge grin, never expecting it to look this good.
“She’s running like a champ,” Phillip said.
“Wow. I am blown away. Gabe told me it ran like new but was pretty beat up and covered in dark grey primer.”
“That sounds like my Gabe. No, actually, I was amazed from the start at how clean it is. Just a little rust you’ll never be able to find.”
“It must be pretty obvious I am beaming huh?”
“It’s a classic. I’ll have Tony move this one over so you can be on your way. The tank is full by the way.”
“Thanks again.”
They moved back to the office where he signed the title of the car over to her. “Denise Zen, is that Asian?” Phillip asked.
“No, actually it is shortened from Zensulitis. I’m Lithuanian. My grandparents shortened their name. Kind of wish they hadn’t. One day I may pay to have it changed back since I always loved the ring of it.
“Lithuanian. That would explain your looks, tall and beautiful.”
“Thank you,” she blushed.
“Well Denise, she’s all yours. Have fun in school. Gabe tells me it is beautiful down there with roads just built for a car like this.”
“It’s pretty nice. I’m really excited.”
He handed her the keys and the paperwork she needed to have notarized before going to Motor Vehicles to make ownership official.
“You’re covered on my insurance for every driver until tomorrow at the end of the day so be sure to get your insurance in place.”
“I will, thanks.”
She followed the instructions Mary had given her about driving a stick shift. After pressing down on the clutch and moving the shifter on the floor into neutral, she turned the key to hear the soft purr of her very own eight cylinder Mustang kick in immediately. Let the clutch out easy, EASY. She did not care how foolish she looked; as a matter of fact no one seemed to be watching as she pulled away down the alley honking the horn once as a parting gesture of thanks. It smelled clean because it was clean. The odometer showed almost 70,000 miles. Damn, it is almost like a new car. She was in heaven.


Chapter 2
Two Lane Heaven

Denise made it down to school in Southern Illinois early just as planned, enrolling in the summer term because her sister Mary had told her it was the best time to actually learn something since the term was short and the classes met every day for longer periods. “The professors for the summer term were absolutely the best,” she had said. “It’s intense but you will love it.”
She also wanted to work for the school between the Spring and Summer terms. She was awarded a student job working in janitorial on campus. “It sounded like a lowly job but it paid the most,” she had told Mary. “Artists need moolah,” she laughed.
The trailer she rented to live in was south of campus, midway between Carbondale and Giant City State Park. It was not in a trailer park. They reminded her of trailer projects for some reason, cold, with gravel or pavement outside your door. No, the two-bedroom trailer she was lucky to find was tucked away under a few oak and hickory trees that afforded shade from the hot sun on summer days, just off Highway 51. The owners of the property lived in Anna, a sweet old couple that had lived in Southern Illinois all of their lives, except for Smokey’s stint in the navy back in World War II. She loved the fact that it could not be seen from the highway. There was also room for a garden if she had the mind to start one, if she had the time with the full schedule of in-depth art classes and work.
She had gotten out of the shower and was working on her second cup of coffee when she heard a light knock at the door. It was Saturday, her first week behind her, and she wondered who would be stopping by this early since she really had not met that many people yet between terms.
“Just a minute,” Denise said. She put on a pair of black jean shorts and a long green tank top before opening the door.
“Hi,” a young woman said. “I am sorry to bother you so early. I hope I didn’t wake you.”
“No, it’s ok. I’m an early riser. What can I do for you?”
“I’m Layla, I live just past those trees over there,” she said, pointing south. “I have to get to work, really can’t afford to lose this job, but my car needs a jump. Do you think I can get a jump from you so I can get into town, drop the car off to have them replace the battery, AGAIN, and get to work?”
“Do you have cables?”
“Oh yeah. I never did until I moved out of town. I’ve needed them six times in the past year since moving out here.”
“Sure. I’ll get my things and be right out.”
“Did you just get down here?” Layla said while opening the hood of her Focus.
“Yeah. Working over break and then I jump into a summer of intense Art classes.”
“You’re an artist?”
“Yeah, well, I paint and draw. I’ve always loved to draw, just getting started on painting.”
“I’m not in school now. Haven’t been since last fall. Just been living down here, working. I fell in love with the area.”
“Layla, that’s a nice name. Don’t hear it often.”
“Yeah. My parents named me after the Clapton song. I get the impression I was conceived when the album was playing,” she laughed.
“Denise. My mother was convinced I was a boy when she was carrying me but. They had planned on naming me Denis after one of my father’s good friends, so they just added the e for me.”
“Follower of Dionysius.”
“Who?”
“That’s the meaning of your name. It’s kind of a hobby of mine, studying the meaning of names.”
“What does Layla mean?”
“Night beauty. I think my acquiring it may also have had something to do with the fact that after six hours of labor, I arrived around 11 p.m.”
“Ok, what do we do now,” Denise said after Layla attached the final cable.
“Just start your car and let it run. Is your battery in good shape?”
“Yes, I think it’s new.”
“That’s good. I swear, sometimes I think this area is part of some battery killing vortex,” Layla laughed.
“If we are maybe I should invest in a pair of cables.”
“Might not be a bad idea.”
Layla’s car started right up. She hopped out of the Focus and disconnected the cables then tossed them in her trunk. “It’s alive,” she laughed.
“Success.”
“Hey, let me pay you back for your kindness.”
“Oh, that’s not necessary.”
“I know, but you seem like a really nice person and I’d really like to. I’m going to throw some burgers or a shish kabob on the grill after work, why don’t you stop by?” Layla said, handing her a piece of paper with her phone number on it.
“Shish kabob. How can I refuse,” Denise smiled.
“Thanks again.”
Upon returning home she put another pot of coffee on and moved out to the yard under the shade of a big oak tree to enjoy a cup while she read the Friday edition of the Daily Egyptian. It was still only late spring but it was already warmer than she was used to in Chicago. The breeze filled her nose with the scent of pine from the trees on a neighboring property.
“What to do today?” she asked herself. “Hmm, It Came from Outer Space is playing at the Student Center. Only fifty cents to get in, and it’s in 3-D, such a deal.”
Denise headed out for some groceries and a bottle of wine to bring with to the barbecue. Which wine goes with a shish kabob? The guy in the liquor store wasn’t sure so she bought a bottle of red and white wine.
After shopping she decided to lie out in the sun sans tan lines. She fell asleep on the cotton blanket. She loved to nap in the sun especially when there was a nice breeze like there was this day. It wasn’t the Chicago lakefront but it was private and the conditions were ideal.
For Layla, work was finished and she was back on her way home after stopping to pick up a few things she needed for the barbecue. She passed by Denise’s place slowly. Even though it appeared to be quite secluded and private, to someone who had lived in the area for a while, it was easy to peek through the holes in the foliage. Doing so she noticed Denise’s tall slender frame lying on a blanket nude. She smiled and continued on her way home.
The shish kabob was delicious, chunks of chicken, bell pepper, sweet onion and pineapple charred to perfection.
“The secret is in the marinade,” Layla said.
“It’s amazing. Where did you learn to cook so well?”
“Who else, mother and grandmother. I used to love watching them cook. This is my mother’s marinade. It’s easy to make.”
“I’m thinking of taking in a fifty cent movie at the Student Center tonight, feel up for a movie, my treat?”
“What’s playing, not a love story I hope?”
“It came from outer space, in 3-D.”
“Ha. I love old creature from outer space movies so yeah, I’ll tag along.”
Denise had found out that Layla lived alone. She did not give the details, but she suspected that it was a romantic breakup.
“I’m going to stop at home and freshen up. I’ll be back to pick you up in a little bit,” Denise said.
She picked Layla up in fifteen minutes.
“Nice ride. Very well kept, my compliments.”
“Thanks. I was so lucky to get this from a friends father who fixes cars.”
“It is almost Saluki color.”
“Yes come to think of it, it is.”
Denise parked in the Student Center parking lot and they made their way up to the theater on the second floor.
“Need anything before we go in?”
“No, I’m good,” Layla smiled placing her hand on her stomach.
The movie was surprisingly crowded for being between terms with most of the student population gone. They found some seats about four rows from the back. “These 3-D glasses look like they are from the fifties,” Denise laughed.
“I always feel ridiculous wearing these,” Layla giggled.
“Oh yeah.”
A few minutes into the movie when the space ship crash lands, Denise heard quiet laughing coming from behind her. She did not want to be rude and turn around in case it was a couple making out. She breathed in deeply, I swear I can smell the subway on Milwaukee Avenue, she thought. In a few minutes it was gone so she didn’t bother to turn around to see what it might be. Maybe I’m a little homesick or just shish kabob’d out.
The soft laughing continued throughout the movie. At one point Denise got up to go to the bathroom just to see who was behind her. Dammit, I should have picked a daytime scene to leave. It was too dark to make out what they looked like. She waited outside the door for the theater to brighten before she walked back inside. When she did a couple dressed in black or some other very dark colors with what appeared to be jet-black hair were looking right at her with smiles on their faces. It caught her off guard and freaked her out a little, but she managed to put on half a smile back at them.
Just before the end of the movie she swore she smelled the subway again right when the two people behind her got up to leave laughing as they left. And I thought that kind of strange stayed in the city.
How about a latte, my treat,” Layla said. “I’m pretty sure they are still open downstairs.”
“I could use a little kick.”
“Oh wait, they close early. If we hurry we can get a McCafe at MCDonald’s.”
“Let’s hurry then.”
They bolted down the escalator and zipped over to the cafeteria area. “Open ‘til ten, we made it,” Denise laughed.
Sitting in a corner of the cafeteria were two people wearing black with jet-black hair. Denise placed her order for a large McCafe Mocha. “Sounds delish, I’ll have the same,” Layla told the young man waiting on them.
“Here you are, for both,” Denise told the young man.
“Thank you again.”
Denise glanced over her shoulder and the two dark figures in the corner who were now both sitting on the same side of the table checking out everybody coming in after the movie. They both smiled at Denise when she made eye contact. Nice hair actually, she thought.
They left the cafeteria and made their way to her Mustang.
“This is quite good Denise.”
“Yummy,” she giggled.
“Oh, it’s such a beautiful crisp clear night,” Layla said, inhaling a deep breath through her nose. “Smells wonderful.”
“After just a week I’ve noticed I can smell again. I think living in a city like Chicago really impairs one’s sense of smell.”
“I know what you mean. It is just one of the hooks that has kept me down here.”
“Speaking of smells, did you notice any peculiar odors in the theater when we were watching the movie?”
“No, can’t say that I did. What exactly?”
“I know this is going to sound crazy, but around the corner from the first house I lived in, on Milwaukee Avenue some of the sidewalks had metal gratings on them over the subway system. It smelled just like that, like the smell the trains would force up out of the tubes when they came roaring by.”
“Is it a good smell or a bad smell?”
“I’ve always loved that smell, but only from the time when I was young. It’s changed. Now I really don’t like the smell of the subway in Chicago.”
“It came from the Chicago Subway,” Layla laughed.
“Haaa. Totally.”
“Look, even here in town you can see so many stars.”
“Love star gazing. It’s next to impossible to see stars in Chicago.”
“I liked that last line in the movie, There’ll be other nights and stars for us to watch.”
“I caught that too. It’s a date.”
The mustang cruised south on Highway 51.
“This is such a fab car for the roads down here,” Layla said.
“Yeah, it truly is a two-lane heaven.”


Chapter 3
Fort Starlight

Denise began classes as planned with no complications. She loved her professor for the drawing and silkscreen printing classes. He taught them both. He was from somewhere near Boston and she really loved listening to him talk. He knew his craft well and he had what she thought was fabulous taste in the artists he admired.
The summer heat was settling in as it did every year, hot and humid. Trying to live in a trailer without an air conditioner even under the shade of a few large trees could be intolerable. As much as she hated to use air conditioning for her own personal Mother Earth reasons, the day she tried to make do with a fan on a hot summer night in the trailer was something she could not bear. It reminded her of the sweatbox torture scenes in The Bridge on the River Kwai.
Between a full schedule of summer classes and work every evening for a few hours, her weekdays were pretty full so she did not get out and about as much as she would have liked to.
She found herself spending lots of time with Layla who had become her closest friend since moving from Chicago. Like Layla, she was falling in love with the area, but that was an easy thing for her to do. The region was gorgeous with lush farmlands, and the Shawnee National Forest being the dominant lay of the land. Humans had not yet impacted the forests that always made her dream of what it must have been like before anyone arrived from Europe or elsewhere, what it was like when Native Americans were the only humans living there.
 It was another Saturday, and she and Layla had a day planned of exploring around the Mississippi River. When Layla told her of some of the cool places to visit it was a date. They packed up a cooler full of beverages, water and snacks and got an early start. Layla considered herself an amateur photographer, “Well, maybe a semi-professional photographer,” she laughed when she first showed Denise her collection of cameras and photos.
After stopping at MCDonalds for coffee, they headed west on Highway 13. She loved passing through Murphysboro and could never figure out why. Perhaps it was for the way it had endured since it was established before the Civil War. Even though they were decades apart, Category 5 tornadoes leveled the town, but they rebuilt. The place had a good vibe, a survival vibe, something Denise felt she had.
Leaving Murphysboro heading west on IL 149 left Denise breathless. “I told you there was going to be some of the most beautiful scenery down here, hell some of the most beautiful scenery in America,” Layla smiled.
“It’s breathtaking,” Denise giggled as she steered the Mustang along the smooth two-lane highway taking them up and down steep rolling hills with lush farmland and the Forest surrounding it. “Makes me want to learn how to fly.”
“Really?”
“I’m serious. I would love to learn how to fly.”
“Well we could learn right at the university little lady,” Layla said before taking another sip of her coffee.
“I’m going to look into it. Nothing fancy, I mean I don’t want to do it for a living.”
“Let’s.”
“Which way,” Denise asked when they reached the intersection of Highway 3.
“I think left first.”
There was very little traffic at all as they cruised leisurely south.
“The Trail of Tears,” Denise said, pointing to a wooden sign.
“Now that would be interesting. There’s a State Park across the river in Missouri in the thick of the Shawnee.”
“Shall we?”
“Sure I can show you Cape Girardeau. Very French with lots of French style architecture.”
“Sweet.”
They turned right on IL-146 west across the Mississippi River on a very long and high bridge.
“Wow. We’re really up here. Glad I don’t have vertigo,” Denise said.
“The first time I came over this bridge was in a tiny European car, something British I think, with four adults plus the driver in the car. One of the guys was terrified going across it. Heaved his guts up once we got across. Never knew he had a fear of crossing water from great heights. That was pretty freaky. We had to put a blanket over him laying across the laps of the two other people in back for the return to Illinois.”
“I can relate. It’s a freaky bridge to cross.”
“Well, we’re in Missourah now.”
“Ha. Missourah. Must try to sound like the natives.”
“Turn right here at 177 North,” Layla said. “We have a little way to go. The name of the turn off is moccasin something, we can’t miss it.”
After crossing roughly eight miles of sweet smelling farmland they made a right on to Moccasin Spring Road. Denise drove slowly as it took them into the dense thick beauty of the Shawnee Forest.
“It feels good to stretch,” Denise said.
“The driver always gets stiffer.”
“Glad my legs are not any longer,” Denise laughed.
“How about a shot with you and your baby?”
“Sure.”
Layla snapped a few images of her posing like a model. “Perhaps you missed a calling,” she laughed.
“Yes, well I certainly have the height, but even though I am by no means heavy, I love to eat.”
“Haaa. Come one, let’s take a walk.”
They strolled through the beauty of the park, so much of it undoubtedly just as it was when the horrible march of near genocide took place. “It is so fucked up what they did to these people,” Denise said. “I never knew Andrew Jackson was such a prick.”
“Yeah,” Layla sighed as they looked out over the Mississippi River. Roughly a thousand miles south of here in New Orleans he defeated the British, then shit like this. Sometimes I feel so guilty living in America.”
“I know. Come on, let’s mosey back. Much more of this is just going to piss me off. It’s so beautiful here though.”
“It is indeed.”
“Feel like driving?” Denise asked.
“Really? Oh yeah.”
“I’m insured for whoever I let drive. Do you have your license with you Miss?”
“I sure do officer,” Layla laughed showing her license.
“Ok. Make it so.”
As they drove out of the thick of the forest, they turned onto 177 South. When they came around the first curve Denise noticed three people dressed in black off to the left standing in the shade of a thicket of trees. “Slow down,” she said.
“Do you know them?” Layla asked, looking over at the figures that were watching them with smiles on their faces as they approached.
“They are dressed like those two in the movie and Student Center cafeteria when we went to see It Came from the Chicago Subway, but not the same cause they had black hair. Must be a cult down here.”
“Maybe they are in a band. They kind of have a rocker look about them,” Layla said, waving at them as they passed.
The woman with flaming red hair lifted her hand and mimicked Layla’s wave. The blonde woman and the brunette male did the same following her lead.
“I don’t know, they look a little stiff to be rockers,” Denise giggled. “Want some water or a snack?”
“Water is good. I think I am going to save Cape Girardeau for another outing. There is something very cool I’d like you to see.”
“You’re driving. Love all the French names around here.”
“Then you are going to love where we’re going, Layla smiled as she turned left and headed back over the Mississippi into Illinois where she turned north on Highway 3.
At times the scenery was like something out of a Tolkien novel with thick forest rising over hills to the right and huge swaths of rich farmland on the left framed by the Mississippi River.
“I understand why they call this region the Fertile Delta,” Denise said.
“Little Egypt.”
Before entering Chester Layla turned left and pulled up at a statue of Popeye overlooking the River. “I have a few images of him already, but none on such a glorious day as this.”
“How cool. Donated by some Popeye fan?”
“The person who created Popeye lives in Chester just up Highway 3.”
“Really?”
“Yes, and he is very reachable. Years ago a friend of one of my sisters who had attended school down here actually called him up to clarify something about Sweet Pea that he had bet on. He won the bet.”
“What better place to get the info than the creator hey?”
After spending some time with the cartoon character, they continued their way up Highway 3.
“This goes all the way to St. Louis. We are only going about half way but it’s a good thing to know since practically everyone who attends SIU winds up going there for a concert. They have a fabulous zoo, not to mention that incredible Arch.”
“Sounds like another reason for a fab outing. I would use any excuse to pass through this area.”
“And there is so much more on the Missouri side.”
They stopped for a late light lunch at MCDonald’s in Chester after cruising around for hours on secondary roads, stopping at old cemeteries, abandoned shacks and historical sites to take pictures.
“Is Jesse James’ hideout very far?” Denise asked.
“It’s a ways, on the other side of the river in Missouri.”
“Another day perhaps.”
“There is something much more historical and it is not far at all.”
“Still feel like driving?”
“Sure.”
They headed further north after eating, then turned off heading west to the small town of Prairie Du Rocher.
“Time warp,” Denise laughed. “Oh we HAVE to stop for gas at that pump.”
Layla pulled the car up to the pump and laughed. “Wow, a service station with a ding.”
“I vaguely remember those from my childhood,” Denise giggled.
A middle-aged man came out to serve them.
“Can you fill her up?” Denise asked.
“Sure can Miss. Don’t see too many of these on the road anymore.”
“I got lucky.”
“How old are those pumps?” Layla asked, watching him clean the windshield.
“Circa 1945,” he replied. He was obviously very proud of his pumps, and well he should be. The little station with two pumps was spotless, as were the pumps.
“Probably don’t see too many of these anymore do you?” Denise said pointing to his red pumps that almost had a human or visiting alien quality to them compared to modern day pumps, tall and slim with round lights at the top for heads or helmets, and they actually worked.
“Been in my family since they were put in.”
“They are amazing,” Denise said catching view of a car passing by that she swore had the three people who were dressed in black in it, only this time they were not looking her way and smiling.
“You look like you’ve seen a ghost,” Layla said.
“I’ll tell you about it when we are underway.”
“Ghosts huh? Still a little too early for all the yearly ghost hoopla that occurs around here,” the man said. “Oh yeah. Every year on the 4th of July.”
“What happens?”
“The Phantom Funeral. It’s a long story. You can read all about it in one of the brochures down the road a piece at Fort de Chartres. Basically every year a bunch of psychics and such converge on this area hoping to see The Phantom Funeral, a procession of ghosts in covered wagons and such.”
“Really? We were headed to the fort actually, thanks,” Layla smiled.
“Fourth of July is little over a week away. Maybe we should stop back?” Denise said, turning to look at the car that had just passed disappear around a curve.
“You’re welcome back anytime ladies. Of course, there won’t be a full moon on the 4th of July again until 2014. See, that is one of the pre-requisites for actually being able to see the funeral.”
“There’s got to be a full-moon?”
“Yes.”
“It’s been a pleasure talking with you,” Denise smiled.
“Have fun at the fort. Drive safely.”
“Thank you,” they both chimed.
“So, what did you not want to talk about in front of that gentleman?”
“You were busy talking and did not see the large black car go by that I am certain had the same three people in black we saw earlier inside, you know, the one’s you waved to that waved back.”
“Really? Maybe they are out exploring like we are on such a gorgeous day.”
“Perhaps.”
“Then again, maybe we’re being followed.”
“It’s a pretty big car. I’m not so sure we could outrun them,” Denise said, turning to see Layla smiling at her.
“I don’t know. This Mustang might give them a good run for their money if needs be.”
“You’re right. It’s a Mustang.”
They drove slowly to the fort. It was built a short distance from the original that at one time was within gunshot of the Mississippi River. A wide-open area surrounded the fort with a tree line towards the west and farmland everywhere else. There were only two cars parked in the lot, one silver Toyota and a black two door 1968 Oldsmobile 98. It looked brand new.
“What a coincidence,” Denise said as Layla parked the car.
“We could come back another time. What a car. Maybe they are a band.”
“No, this place looks amazing. Don’t forget your cameras.”
They strolled along the long narrow paved walkway that led from the parking lot to the front gate of the fort.
“Do you feel any eyes on you?” Layla laughed, snapping a picture of Denise marching behind her.
“Oh yeah. Look at this area, so open. We should come back here some day at sunset and star gaze.”
“It would be amazing on a clear night,” Layla said.
“It’s a date then.”
Upon entering the fort Denise felt like she almost had to duck to get in through the entrance. There was a young family walking towards the exit. Great. Now if they are some sort of sick sacrificial cult we are in here, alone, with them, she giggled to her self.
“So, what do you think about our fort?” Layla asked.
“I’m blown away. It’s pretty amazing. I marvel at what they were able to do back then. This has outlasted anything made in the 20th century.”
They covered most of what there was to see, Denise posing on a canon like she was riding it so Layla could take pictures of her.
“I am going to treat you to dinner,” Layla smiled.
“Yum. Want to get rolling?” 
“Yeah.”
“Tired of driving yet?” Denise asked. The Oldsmobile was gone.
“Not at all. I have an idea. It is going to be a clear night, what say we go to dinner around here and come back to star gaze for a bit?”
“That might seem like a better idea with some good food in me.”
“I know of a place that has home cooked meals not far from here,” Layla said.
“Make it so.”
Layla drove to a family restaurant called Pioneers Cabin in Percy.
They sat down to a meal of fried chicken, mashed potatoes, fresh veggies and flowerpot bread.
“This food is great.”
“Yeah, I knew you would not be disappointed.”
After dinner they made their way back to the fort. The sky was ablaze with glorious shades of yellow, orange and ochre, the horizon already black as they headed west.
The parking lot was empty when they arrived, the stars beginning to fill the night sky.
“It smells so sweet,” Denise said.
“Yes. It’s a gorgeous night.”
Denise took out a blanket she had in her trunk. They walked halfway to the fort and spread the blanket on the grass.
“Wow. What a perfect night,” Layla said, the sound of all the night life seemed to be serenading them.
“I’ve never had many opportunities to stargaze growing up in a big city,” Denise said.
“Growing up in a smaller town I did. Can you see the Big Dipper?”
“Oh yes,” Denise laughed. “That one’s easy.”
“Can you make out the Little Dipper from there?”
“Hmm, kind of summersaulting back towards the Big Dipper?”
“Very good,” Layla smiled. “Your hair glows even in the dark,” she said reaching out to touch her hair. “The starlight loves you.”
Denise smiled back at her nervously. “So what else is up there?”
“Well, I’m up there. Follow the line the stars are making on the outer portion of the Big Dipper cup downward until you get to those three forming a triangle.”
“I see them.”
“That and the six stars above it are the constellation Leo.”
“Of course, you are a Leo. I noticed that on your drivers license.”
“Yes. You’re up there too.”
“Really?”
“Yes. The tip of the triangle in Leo is pointing to you.” Layla stood up to strike a pose. “See the group of stars it is pointing to that look like this?” She stretched out her arms and legs mimicking what she wanted Denise to find.
“Got them. Perfect pose by the way.”
“That is Virgo, that is you,” she said returning to the blanket next to her.
“Thanks for the tutorial,” Denise said.
“I am really happy you can finally see all that you were missing living in the big city.”
“Me too.”
Layla laid down on the blanket. “Come on,” she said gently pulling Denise down next to her. “It’s easier to point things out if you’re lying down.”
“I have to confess. I don’t see a virgin in Virgo.”
“You have to use a little imagination just like you do with all the others.”
Layla pointed out the Libra constellation and turned to notice that Denise was looking at her rather than the sky.
“My mom’s a Cancer. Is Cancer up there somewhere?”
“The head of Leo is looking at it,” Layla said, turning to find Denise’s lips meeting hers. They kissed for what seemed like too short a time to Denise. “I think we should go.”
“Sorry,” Denise said, sitting up.
“Sorry? Don’t be. Perhaps you misunderstood. This isn’t private enough,” Layla said, sitting up to take her head in her hands and kiss her again.
“Of course,” Denise smiled.
They stood up and folded the blanket before walking back to the car.
“What’s that one?” Denise asked, pointing to an area under Leo.”
“That one is moving,” Layla said.
“You’re right, it is moving.”
What appeared to be a star was heading towards the Virgo constellation. It stopped in the center of the constellation where it flashed brightly, changed color to a bright shade of blue and took off in the direction of where they started their day at incredible speed until it simply vanished.
“Come on. It’s been a marvelous day of wonderful and weird, so that was a perfect way to end our star gazing session,” Layla laughed.
“They come in peace.”
“I’m sure they do.”
“We won’t see quite as many stars from my yard, but it’s much more private, and there is plenty of room to spread a blanket over the soft grass,” Denise said.
She got back in the drivers seat for the trip back to Carbondale.
“It has been a marvelous day,” Denise said.
“Good night Fort Starlight,” Layla said as they drove away.
Denise brought the car to a stop, put her arm around Layla and kissed her deeply. “One for the road.”
Layla smiled and turned on the stereo.
“Fort Starlight. I like it.”
Laurie Anderson came on, Let X=X. “It’s a sky blue sky. Satellites are out tonight. Let X=X.”
What they could not see was that the light that had vanished in the night sky was now back to resembling a star moving slowly directly over them as they headed south down Highway 3.


Chapter 4
Who Are You?

Morris Library had become one of Denise’s favorite places on campus since her professor had ended class early one day sending everyone there to find books on at least two artists that appealed to them. They were to do a study of a drawing from each and bring it to class with them on Monday. That day she found a three volume rare collection of all the works of Edgar Degas. She fell in love with Degas and drawing after finding them. They could only be checked out one at a time because of their value. She found it hard to believe that each time she went to the library the two remaining books were always there.
Her iPhone buzzed in her pocket. She pulled it out and spoke in a whisper. “Hello, Morris Library, can I help you?”
“Well you’ve already answered my first question. How’s your day going,” Layla asked.
“I’m in library heaven. You know me and libraries.”
“Oh yeah, and if I did not need to be at work I’d be searching for you shortly.”
“Work sucks but it pays the bills.”
“Yeah. I’m making some pineapple vanilla ice cream.”
“Mmm.”
“Should I stop by with some later?”
“Yeah. I should be home at the usual time. You don’t have to wait, you can just let yourself in.”
“See you later,” Layla said and hung up.
Denise wanted her to move in so they could save money, share one rent, but was afraid to ask. She had yet to find out or dare to ask why she lived alone, convinced it was because of a past lover.
She sat at an empty table, her backpack and other things on the table around her along with nearly twelve books she had been looking through. Still having nearly a full charge, she plugged her headphones into the iPhone and started up the Fever Ray album. She was looking through a book of drawings by Cezanne when the song Seven came on. Midway through the song her head slowly moved upwards from what she was reading after smelling once again the scent of the Chicago Subway from her childhood. Hmmmm, she thought, breathing in a slow deep breath. The scent seemed stronger when she did.
Without removing her headphones, she lowered the volume, slid the iPhone into her pocket and, after seeing nothing near her that could be creating the scent, stood up and took in another deep breath. This way I think. She had a theory.
She slowly walked back toward the section housing Art Books, pausing as she came to first aisle to find it empty but for shelving and books. She quietly walked down that aisle to the next cross aisle and turned left. When she did, she saw the same three people from her outing a week earlier looking at a book that the woman with red hair was holding. She smiled at Denise before the three walked away. The scent of the subway was stronger here.
I’m nervous.
So am I.
What if she asks the wrong questions?
Distance for now.
Be vague.
I’ll try.
It’s important that we act soon.
Absolutely.
Denise stopped to look at the shelf they had taken the book from to find it was a section on the British painter Francis Bacon. She reached out and picked up the book simply titled Bacon. It was the same one the red head was holding, she could tell from the cover.
Bacon. Oh my, this stuff is incredible. You’ve got good taste my mysterious redheaded darling.
She reached into her pocket for her iPhone, slid the Bacon book under her arm, and sent Layla a text message, TEXT ME WHEN YOU CAN, DON’T CALL.
She rounded the corner to make her way back to the table she still had all her things at. When she passed one last shelving unit bringing the table into view, the redhead, blonde and brunette male were sitting at the far end of the same table she was at.
She sat down where she was earlier, took the headphones out of her ears and placed her iPhone on the table in front of her. She glanced over to see the redhead looking at the book Denise had just put on the table, the same one she had unopened in front of her.
Her iPhone vibrated on the table. She picked it up and leaned back in her chair in a position to read the incoming text that had the phone pointed at the three sitting at the other end of the table. It was from Layla. WHAT’S UP?
Denise tried to make it look like she was reading a longer message when she turned her camera on and snapped an image of the three, choosing to send it as a text. THEY’RE HERE.
OH MY, DO YOU WANT ME TO SEND THE CAVALRY?
NOT YET, TEE HEE.
THEY’VE GOT GOOD TASTE IN PAINTERS. YOUR IPHONE TAKES SUCH FAB IMAGES I MUST LOOK INTO GETTING ONE.
INDEED. WISH ME LUCK.
GOOD LUCK. BTW, YOU ARE GOING TO LOVE THIS ICE CREAM.
SEE YOU LATER.
SMOOCH.
Denise was about to put her headphones on, glancing over at the three when the redhead spoke. “Hello.”
She sounds human, Denise giggled in thought. “Hi.”
“I couldn’t help noticing that you have the same book that I do on your stack.”
“Yes. His work looks amazing.”
“I’m sorry, how rude of me. I am Nola, this is Pyta,” she said reaching over to touch the blonde woman’s hand. “And this is Cyfer,” she smiled touching the arm of the brunette male.
“Denise,” she said, laying her right hand on her left. “It’s a pleasure to finally meet you.”
“Finally?” Cyfer asked.
“Yes. I remember seeing you a week ago west of town.”
“It was such a beautiful day for a drive in the country,” Pyta said.
Yes, except your tinted windows were rolled up with the air-conditioning on more than likely. “Yes, yes it really was,” Denise said. She smelled the subway again when Pyta spoke.
“I like your car,” Cyfer said.
Again, the scent of subway. She composed a text.
WHAT IS THE MEANING OF THESE NAMES. NOLA. PYTA. CYFER.
“I really like your car too,” Denise said.
“Thank you. It serves its purpose,” Nola said.
“Excuse me,” Denise said receiving a text message.
NOLA MEANS WHITE SHOULDER. PYTA MEANS STONE. CYFER MEANS A CODED MESSAGE. SHOULD I SET THREE MORE PLACES FOR ICE CREAM?
Nola giggled after Denise read the message.
NOPE. I WANT TO EAT YOU, I MEAN EAT MINE ALONE, WITH YOU.
After sending that text all three giggled quietly.
“Well, it was a pleasure meeting you. I’ve got to get going to my job,” Denise said, packing up all of her stuff, including the Francis Bacon book she planned on checking out.
“It was an entertaining pleasure finally meeting you,” Nola smiled.
“Thanks for turning me on to Francis Bacon.”
“You’re welcome Denise. Enjoy your ice cream.”
Denise smiled and walked towards the elevator. How the hell did she know that, was I reading the text out loud?
“Well I’m out, on my way to work,” Denise said talking on her iPhone.
“You sound a little stressed,” Layla said.
“Yeah, well there is definitely something off with our friends clad in black.”
“How so? Did she try and hit on you?”
“Not really. The last thing the redhead said to me as I was walking away was enjoy your ice cream.”
“Interesting. Is it still a date tonight?”
“Oh yeah. I may leave early if we are not too busy,” Denise said before hanging up her phone and strolling over to the Neckers Building she worked at to find it had been evacuated because of a chemical fire in one of the labs.
“No work tonight Denise,” Ed said. Ed was her supervisor.
“Tomorrow?” she asked.
“I’ll call you and let you know honey. Last time this happened we were closed a few days. I’ll call early if that’s the case so at least you can have a longer 4th of July weekend.”
“Thanks Ed. Talk to you tomorrow.”
She made her way back to her car and cruised home slowly. How did she know about the ice cream? Were they listening to my conversation with Layla somehow? The next time I run into any of them I am going to get some answers.


Chapter 5
More Than Four

Ed had called Denise early Friday morning to inform her that the labs would be closed until Tuesday the 5th of July. 
“Long weekend,” she said to herself. 
She had no classes scheduled but Layla had to work so, what to do with the day?
I will cook a good meal for the two of us.
I’M COOKING DINNER SINCE THE LABS ARE CLOSED TIL TUESDAY, she texted to Layla. Texting was good, a nice way to communicate with someone at work without them being called to a phone all day, which usually put one’s position in jeopardy.
I TAKE IT IT’S A SURPRISE?
YEP.
After a small bowl of bite size shredded wheat and a second cup of coffee, Denise got dressed and headed over to the Kroger grocery store on Giant City Road. Since the weather was only in the 80’s with a nice breeze, she decided to cook a pan of lasagna. One of her Italian neighbors back in Chicago gave her the recipe that she claimed had been in her family since the Renaissance. Did they even have pasta yet during the Renaissance?
Yes.
Denise dropped the can of crushed tomatoes she was reaching to place in her cart when she clearly heard the word yes in her brain. She looked around and didn’t see anyone dressed in black in her aisle or the next. No scent of Chicago subway, at least not yet, she thought.
She turned into another aisle and added a container of Italian lemonade from the freezer to her cart. I know they did not have Italian lemonade during the Renaissance.
Correct.
“How can you be so sure?” she whispered very quietly to herself. She heard no answer in her head, and proceeded to the bakery for some bread. “Layla has never had Panaderia bakery bread so this will do,” she whispered again.
She’ll love it.
“Did you ever think you were going out of your mind?” she asked a guy walking in her direction with a cart full of cartons of pop.
“It’s a little too early in the semester to feel that,” he laughed. “Remember to breathe.”
“Yes, must remember to breathe.”
Breathe.
She went to the checkout and realized she did not have her checkbook, which meant she would need to pay with her ATM card. My pin! 
She tried to enter her pin when she paid by thinking of how hot it was in the bleachers when she was last at a Cub game in Chicago.
“Do you need help out to your car miss?” the young man packing her bags asked.
“Oh I think I need help alright, but I should be able to manage getting this in the car myself,” she laughed.
“Thank you for shopping at Kroger,” he smiled.
“Thank you.”
691869.
“Just fucking great. Am I going to have to keep my money in my mattress or something?” she said to herself while loading the bags in the trunk.
We don’t need your money, but we have a lucrative offer for YOU.
Not interested, she thought, her hand shaking a bit when she put the key in the ignition. I think.
She did not hear another voice in her head for the rest of the day which she attributed the success of her lasagna to. Every couple of hours she would log onto her online banking to see if the account had been drained of funds.
“This is absolutely amazing,” Layla said after tasting the lasagna. “Where did you learn how to cook like this?”
“I am not sure, it may have been Leonardo da Vinci who taught me,” Denise giggled.
“That sounds sinister.”
She went on to tell Layla about where she actually got the recipe from, and the mysterious communications that took place in her head while shopping.
“And you haven’t heard any voices since this morning?” Layla asked.
“Nope.”
Let me try. Anything? Layla thought, squinting like she was trying really hard when she did.
“You were thinking that you want to have the desert in the nude out on the front lawn?” Denise asked.
“Haaa. Not even close, but it sounds nice.”
“Yeah, but what about the prying thoughts that almost certainly have prying eyes?”
“Oh baby, today really got to you huh?”
“Today, this week. Layla it’s like having a little person in your head, or a couple, and they can touch your brain. Hopefully it’s just some one or some thing trying to communicate and nothing sinister.”
Layla got up and took Denise in her arms. “Honey, nothing is going to happen to you if I can help it.” She lifted her head to kiss her deeply.
“Thanks lover.”
Saturday passed in mental silence. She mowed her own grass that afforded her a discount on the rent. She did not mind since her landlords were so old, and she loved the smell of fresh cut grass. Even through the barbecue at Layla’s and the movie that evening, no further voices popped into her head.
Sunday it rained lightly all day so they spent most of it in bed at Denise’s trailer, refusing to get dressed and eating whatever there was around the place.
Monday morning they awoke to a sunny day with a forecast for clear skies, which meant it promised to be a perfect 4th of July. 
“I am NOT going to miss the city today, that’s for sure,” Denise said starting the pot of coffee.
“And why is that?” Layla asked.
“My neighborhood, the entire weekend, has been building up to the war zone it will become tonight at, oh, about seven p.m.”
“That bad huh?”
“Oh yeah, and get this, fireworks are illegal in Chicago, but you won’t see a single cop the entire battle.”
“Not like that down here. If they don’t like you for some reason, they will arrest you.”
“I won’t light anything heavier than sparklers,” Denise laughed, pouring each of them a cup of coffee.
“And snakes,” Layla laughed.
“Love the snakes.”
“I’ll take her as far as Chester than she’s yours okay?” Denise said getting into the car, throwing towels on the seats before she got in because they would undoubtedly already be very hot and she and Layla were wearing short shorts.
“For sure. Driving will help me take my mind off the heat since you do not have air conditioning in this baby.”
“Yeah. Wonder if they were invented yet?” Denise laughed.
“They were. I did a paper on air conditioning once. The first air conditioners were in cars in the thirties.”
“I knew you would know,” Denise giggled as she turned out of the driveway and headed north on Highway 51.
When they finally arrived at the Popeye statue in Chester Illinois, Denise pulled over, posed for a picture as if she was pulling her hair out, and hopped in the shotgun seat. Layla pointed the Mustang west, down what was left of the road in Illinois, across the bridge, and into Missouri.
“It’s about ninety miles so pump up the volume on those tunes, sit back and enjoy the scenery,” Layla said.
“Make it so.”
After passing patches of rich farmland that stretched to the horizon, the forest and hilly winding roads filled the landscape the rest of the way to Meramec Caverns.
“You know, the first time I thought it was cool to read minds is when I read one of my mom’s books that she had read for the first time in college. It was titled Stranger in a Strange Land. I thought Michael Valentine Smith was beyond cool in that book,” Denise said.
“I helped cater a psychic fest once. Thought many of the people that came to it looked sickly, like they needed to exercise and get some fresh air.”
“We’re getting plenty of fresh air at least today.”
“Well we did get some exercise most of the night,” Layla laughed.
“Oh yeah.”
They spent hours exploring the magnificent Meramec caves before finally making it to Jesse James’ Hideout.
“What a magnificent cave. I was just wondering, do you think JJ as they call him down here really hid out here?” Denise asked.
“Yes I do,” Layla giggled.
“Think he ever shot anyone in here, ever fired his six gun in here?”
“Yes I do.”
“Should I get a six gun just in case? I am pretty good with one you know. My brother used to have one when we were little I used to spin it around on my fingers and into the holster. I was a real Annie Oakley,” Denise laughed.
“I bet you were. Getting hungry yet?”
“I think you read my mind,” Denise said looking at her with wary eyes.
“Oh behave,” Layla said. “I know what you’re thinking and it will have to wait until we’re alone. It’s kind of bible belt down here.”
“Ha. C’mon, let’s go get some grub. Think any of those smorgasbords are open today?”
“I checked before we left and yes they are.”
“Let’s git.”
Layla piloted the Mustang back to Pioneers Cabin in Percy where they feasted on home cooked fried chicken and all the trimmings.
“Déjà vu,” Denise said exiting the restaurant.
“I know. What would you like to do now?”
“Stay on our déjà vu course and head over to the Mobil pump for gas before visiting the Fort.”
“The déjà vu course it is.”
There was a young woman working the pumps at the Mobil station when they arrived.
“So happy you are open,” Denise said.
“We do it as a favor to the tourists coming in today. If they are getting low on gas they would need to travel back Chester way to gas up.”
“Tourists?” Layla asked.
“Well they moved the ringing of the bell that happens every 4th to the site of Fort Kaskaskia. That, and the funeral procession visitors.”
“Oh yes, that is tonight huh? No full moon today though,” Denise said.
“Yeah, but they are going to come anyway.”
“Here you are,” Denise said, handing her a twenty-dollar bill.
“Happy Fourth,” the woman said.
“Thanks, you too.” Denise said.
“Perfect timing,” Layla smiled as dusk was rapidly setting in. She pulled the Mustang into the Fort de Chartres parking lot and parked next to a van with a bumper sticker that read Pseudo Psychics.
“Well, I had a feeling it was not going to be a private night here like last time,” Layla said.
They noticed a few tents set up. “Come on,” Denise said.
“Hello ladies,” a woman sitting outside the tent said. She was smoking a long pipe.
“Hello,” Denise and Layla chimed.
“Come for the procession?” the woman asked.
“Not really. We were in the neighborhood and heard about it for the first time last weekend,” Denise said.
“Out at Merramec Caverns today huh? Really nice out that way,” the woman said.
“Is it that obvious we were there today?” Denise asked.
“No. You just told me what you did today.”
Layla gave the woman a hard look. “But she did not say anything about what we did today.”
She did not have to SAY anything, the woman’s voice softly chimed in both of their heads.
“So, does my brain have a built in telepathy loud speaker or something?” Denise asked.
“No darling, not at all. I am Miriam, and it is a pleasure to meet you Denise, and a pleasure to meet you as well Layla. That’s a beautiful name.”
“I’m intrigued,” Layla said.
“Pull up a chair. Would you like something to drink?”
“Scotch on the rocks?” Denise sighed.
“How about a nice cold Rolling Rock instead? You look like you’ve seen a ghost.”
Layla looked at Denise and smiled. “Can you make that two please?”
“Help yourselves, they are in that large green cooler.”
Miriam explained to them how she had gotten hooked into coming to Southern Illinois every 4th of July. “Sally is from New Orleans, and needless to say, New Orleans is the American capital for ghosts, voodoo, psychics, and so much more.”
Denise and Layla listened attentively to Miriam who it turned out was an authority on all things paranormal.
“Most parapsychologists agree on several different forms of telepathy. Latent telepathy is seen as the transfer of information through Psi with an observable time lag between delivery and receipt.”
“That’s not what you did. You knew immediately,” Denise said.
“Retro cognitive, precognitive and intuitive telepathy is the transfer of information through Psi about the past, future or present state of an individual’s mind to another individual.”
“That’s getting warmer hey?” Layla said.
“Emotive telepathy is the process of transferring kinesthetic sensations through altered states.”
“Like after say, six more beers?” Denise laughed.
“Not beer. Super conscious telepathy is tapping into the super conscious to access the collective wisdom of the human species for knowledge.”
“Hmmm.” Denise said.
“What about pets and plants?” Layla asked.
“Every living thing communicates telepathically, at least that is my take on it,” Miriam smiled.
“Be nice if I could at least figure out how to turn my LOUDSPEAKER on and off,” Denise laughed.
But you can. 
“Is there like a handbook or something?”
No, unfortunately
My baby looks so hot in this light. I can’t wait to get her home, Denise heard in her mind. It was Layla’s thought.
Oh my, Denise thought.
You’ve just read your first thought Denise, Miriam whispered.
“Ha. Well, as you well know, we’d better get going what with school tomorrow. I’m sure YOU understand Miriam,” Denise giggled.
“Yes, it is getting late and you have a little drive ahead of you to get home.”
“It’s been an absolute pleasure talking to you Miriam,” Layla said, handing her a card with their phone numbers and email addresses on it. Miriam handed each of them one of her cards with contact information.
“Call me if you have any questions. I can see that you both have untapped psychic abilities that will manifest themselves one day.” Especially you Denise Zen.
“Thanks for everything,” Denise said, giving Miriam a big hug.
They headed out to and down Route 3, Denise now at the wheel. I wonder which of those four types of telepathy I might some day be able to tap into? she thought.
There are more than four and you Denise Zen have them all within you. It was the voice of Nola.
Really? That’s easy for you to say.
I’m not SAYING anything.
Do you mean I am reading your mind?
No.
Then how?
Can you meet me in Makanda tomorrow morning.
I know it. Say 10 a.m.
The timing is perfect.
“I don’t feel like sleeping yet. What say we stop for a caffeine nightcap?” Layla asked.
“Absolutely. I don’t think I’m going to get much sleep tonight anyway.”
“Really?”
“Yep, and neither are you.”


Chapter 6
Makanda

It was just getting light outside when Denise finally slipped out of bed. She’d been up for an hour trying to stop all the thoughts racing through her head, trying to get to that place she could usually find, that thoughtless void, nothing but the rhythm and sound of her breathing, to lull her back to sleep. Today it seemed impossible.
She put on a pot of coffee and hopped in the shower, donning a loose fitting t-shirt when finished. She poured herself a twenty-ounce cup of coffee, woke up her Macbook, and started searching for information on telepathy and other forms of the paranormal.
Ghost and spirits, unknown, she thought.
Extraterrestrials and UFO’s, unknown, but.
ESP? Not yet.
She put her headphones on and tuned to the local radio station to help distract from all the mental noise in her brain and continued her query.
Demonic possession? Unlikely.
Telepathy. Oh yeah.
Witches? Why not? I think I’m one.
The weather report that came on was preceded by the news. “Well, 4th of July revelers got more than the usual fireworks displays to view through three counties here in Southern Illinois last night. Police in Jackson, Randolph and Perry counties took more than three hundred reports of lights traveling mysteriously across the night sky. A Randolph county police officer followed the mysterious lights to the Mississippi River where they had to give up their pursuit. In other news, the Big Muddy Music Festival has added three new bands to the lineup.” Denise turned the radio off.
Mmm, something smells good. Coffee. she heard Layla’s voice whisper in her head.
Would you like a cup? Denise thought.
No response.
Would you like a cup? Denise thought again.
“I heard you the first time sweetie,” Layla smiled upon entering the living room.
“I’m going to make some breakfast, hungry?” Denise asked.
“I would LOVE some breakfast. I’m going to hop in the shower real quick.”
After breakfast, Denise left the dishes soaking in the water and headed out first. She drove down to campus, parking at the Student Center before running over to see her drawing professor. He was out of town one more day and a student teacher fill-in would be taking the class into a two-hour session of nothing more than drawing. She told the teacher she needed to miss class and would be back on Wednesday.
“Starbucks first,” she said to herself on the way back to the Student Center.
The puffy clouds beginning to fill the bright blue sky this early told her that they were in for a thunderstorm later in the day. The temps were to climb into the lower nineties and that always meant the risk if storms. Denise had butterflies in her stomach like she usually felt when she had to go to the dentist or fly on a plane. She did not have a fear of flying, just a great disdain for what they put you through at the airport just to fly on one.
She turned left just before the Smiley Face Tower and slowly twisted and turned her way into Makanda. There was nothing but a pale blue pickup truck parked outside the infamous Boardwalk when she pulled up in front of it and parked. Damn, she didn’t say where in Makanda, Denise thought.
She took out her iPhone and was surprised that she had a good signal.
IN MAKANDA, WAITING, FEELING LIKE AN IDIOT, she texted to Layla.
“Hey now baby, get into my big black car,” she sang, taking a sip of her latte between lyrics. “Hey now baby, get into my big black car. I wanna just show you what my politics are.”
AW, DON’T BEAT YOURSELF UP BABY. DID YOU PUT THE BAT IN THE TRUNK AND THE TIRE IRON IN THE BACK SEAT LIKE I TOLD YOU? Layla texted.
OOPS. IT’S TOO LATE NOW SINCE THE BIG BLACK OLDS JUST PULLED UP BEHIND ME.
Hello Denise.
Hello.
Can you follow me?
Sure, lead the way.
SHOULD I BE JEALOUS? Layla texted.
NOPE, BUT YOU’RE COMING WITH ME NEXT TIME.
The Oldsmobile pulled up in an area used for group picnics and concerts, under the cliffs formed by glaciers so long ago. A large field of grass separated them from the tree-covered crown swaying atop the cliffs. Nola exited the vehicle from the driver’s door before closing it and turning to smile at Denise who had just turned her engine off. A small formation of tiny green insects whirled by as she returned the smile, Nola gesturing for Denise to join her at a picnic table.
“I understand you love lattes,” Nola smiled.
“You understand correctly.”
“I want to apologize for the mystery, and the distance since you arrived here in Southern Illinois,” Nola said. “I can assure you there is a perfectly good reason for it, one that is in no way sinister, at least not from us.”
“Us?”
“Yes. You’ve seen us and wondered about us since It Came From The Chicago Subway as you put it.”
Denise snickered. “It has been all of you dressed in black creating that scent has it not?”
“Yes, but it is physical rather than a mental manifestation.”
“Physical?”
“It is OUR bodies expelling toxins from your atmosphere, from your environment. I am pleased that it takes you back to a pleasant memory when sensed.”
“Our atmosphere? Let me guess. You are from another world?” Denise said, eyeing her latte she had not yet taken a drink from.
“Yes we are, and I can assure you it would be a waste of a perfectly good and delicious latte if you did not drink it.”
“Why me?” Denise asked, removing the lid of the latte and taking a gulp.
“You Denise are not only one of the infinitesimally small number of your species with the powers needed to help us, you are here, now,” Nola said, removing the top of her cup before taking a sip of her latte.
“Powers? Help?”
“Yes.”
“Before we get to the powers thing, help you with what?”
“Help us find crew members and dear friends.”
Denise looked at her warily. “Forgive me, and I mean no disrespect,” she said, reaching into her handbag for her sunglasses and her iPhone, “but this morning’s sun sheds its grace a little too brightly for these rather sleepless eyes.” She also made it quite obvious that she turned off the recording device on the phone that she had activated in the car prior to sitting down with Nola, before deleting the file of the recording made.
“Thank you.”
“If you can find me, find out all about me, a single human female, why would you find it so hard to locate your friends?”
“A very good point. As advanced as we may seem being able to travel from a distant star, we do not have the means to communicate with or locate them. We are certain of a few things. They were taken, but we do not know by whom or where they are being kept. We can sense them occasionally but it disappears quickly. I suspect they are being moved when this occurs, but we have no way of pinpointing the location it is coming from. What we can be certain of is that they are being held within a four hundred mile radius of where we are sitting.”
“Where would I come in? What could I possibly do that you are not capable of to assist you?”
“You can lie.”
“Lie?”
“Yes. You can lie, and will need to be able to do so convincingly to assist us.”
“Are you trying to tell me you cannot lie?” Denise said.
“That is correct. Our species has no concept of lying. We have evolved quite differently than yours on this world. We could not lie, or be taught to lie convincingly in time to find and save our friends.”
“I’ve yet to understand how one lying human female is going to be able to help you secure the release of your friends even if they can be found. If the government is involved it would be hard enough, but down here, in Southern Illinois? They would stand out like a sore thumb.”
“Perhaps.”
“On the other hand, if it were someone else. Well, I dread thinking about that possibility since the faction of my species capable of such is twisted beyond trust or one’s personal safety.”
“You speak of what you call your private sector?”
“Yes, well that’s the politically correct version. I prefer to refer to them as greedy ruthless, heartless bastards.”
“We are a peaceful space faring group of explorers and scientists. The members of our crew were taken not far from here. I can fill you in on the details if you agree to help us.”
“I am still at a loss for why me?” Denise pondered, the sound of a woodpecker hammering away in the distance.
“Because of what you are capable of with little training in little time.”
“Capable of? You can read my mind. I can read my friends mind, sort of, and I can lie. How can that help you?”
“I cannot lie. When I say that with a little training you will be able to help us, it is true.”
“I’m enrolled in an intensive summer schedule at school, and after that, I need to head to work, everyday, to pay the bills. Where would I find the time to be of any use to you?”
“Excuse me a moment,” Nola said, walking over to the Oldsmobile, returning with a large canvas shopping bag from the back seat. She placed it on the table between them.
“Nola, I,” Denise started to say before Nola spread open the top of the bag and pointed it in her direction.
“This is but a down payment if you agree to help us.” The bag was full of banded new one hundred dollars bills.
“You’d be asking me to in essence drop out of school, quit my job obviously?”
“Yes. You would be well compensated, to the point of not only being self-sufficient but independently wealthy for the rest of your life.”
“Or dead, taking all things into consideration, that has to be an option.”
“I cannot rule out the possibility of danger, or the need for excessive force. That is where the training comes in. Actually, it is more of an awakening.”
“And where exactly is this facility for Advanced Extraterrestrial Rescue?”
“Very near, and very private.”
“I have to take this,” Denise said, seeing from the caller-id that Layla was calling her. “She’s probably concerned I have not even sent a text to her since Makanda.”
“Let me give you some privacy,” Nola said, standing up and walking over to the Oldsmobile.
“Hey,” Denise answered.
“Are you ok?” Layla asked.
“Yes. I am being propositioned.”
“Should I be jealous?”
“At this point in our relationship you should NOT be jealous,” Denise giggled. “It is all very interesting to put it lightly, and I am seriously thinking of taking her offer.”
“Does that mean I have to return the key to your trailer?” Layla sighed.
“Only if you want to.”
“I think I’ll hang on to it for now. Ooh. I have to run. Old fart blossom is giving me the evil eye and you know how they feel about unscheduled breaks.”
“Go, go, I’m alright, I’ll be alright. I’ll see you at home.”
“Nola,” she called, motioning that she was through with her call. The Cardinal that was resting in her hand flew away, and she walked back to the picnic table.
“There is an abundance of beautiful life on your world,” Nola smiled. She looked like she had just returned from mentally being miles away.
“That was my love interest, as I am pretty sure you already know. I’m going to have to be honest with her about MOST of what I might be doing; well maybe a few little white lies would not hurt if needed. Does this meet with YOUR approval?”
“You are a bright woman who after your training, is going to get much brighter. We trust your judgment and yes, it does meet with our approval if you agree.”
“And if, before we leave this beautiful place, I do not agree to help you?”
“You will leave here not remembering a thing about this conversation or ever having met us, and you can go about your summer higher learning existence.”
“Will I ever know where you are from?”
“Of course you will.”
“When do we start?” Denise grinned.
“You will need this day and the next to put your life in order. Thursday morning?” Nola smiled.
“Thursday has always been my favorite day of the week, especially for getting things done or making important decisions.
Denise stood up, as did Nola. She walked over to her and gave her a hug. “You must really love your friends. I know it’s what I would do.”
“Yes we do love them, very much.”
Denise turned to walk to her car. I’m sure you’ll be in touch, she thought.
Denise, you’re forgetting something.
She turned to see Nola pointing to the bag full of money still sitting on the picnic bench.
Nola picked it up and brought it over to her. “I believe this now belongs to you.”
“It will make it easier,” Denise said, folding the handles over the top of the bag and placing it on the floor behind the drivers seat.
“I hope I can make a difference, and soon.”
“As do I,” Nola smiled.
Denise noticed the Oldsmobile behind her when she drove down a steep hill that would take her back into Makanda, but it was no longer there when she reached the bottom of the hill.
“This is going to be one hell of a training session,” she sighed, waving to a few people sitting on the boardwalk in Makanda as she drove by. “I think I am going to need to rent a good sized lock box at my bank,” she giggled.
Good idea, she heard Nola whisper.
Til Thursday


Chapter 7
Independence

Denise was sitting on the couch in her living room taking a drink of ice water when Layla opened the door and walked in.
“It’s too early for lunch no?” Denise said looking up at an unhappy face. Heavy in your Arms by Florence and the Machine was playing on the stereo.
“The fat fuck fired me,” Layla said.
“I am sorry to hear that, I know how much you loved that job,” Denise grinned.
“Yeah, well it paid the bills, and jobs are few and far between down here.”
“I just quit my student job today. Gave good old boy Ed a full day to find someone but he said I need not worry since the labs are closed for another day, and there is an abundance of students waiting for a position.”
“You quit your job? Why?”
“The same reason you need not worry, at least about money. Come here darling,” Denise said tapping on the cushion next to her on the couch.
“I have some money in the bank so I am good for a few months, vacation money I’ve been saving.”
“I’d like to hire you,” Denise smiled. “Here, you look like you need a cool drink.”
“I was more than a little hot at tub of guts I can tell you,” Layla laughed. “You want to hire me?”
“Yes.”
“Is she a Madame?” Layla laughed.
“Honey, you’re not going to believe this.”
“Really?”
“I want you to keep half of this in a lock box in your name for me,” Denise said, opening the shopping bag she’d been leaning against showing Layla the contents.
Layla drove them into town in her car where they each chose lock boxes in separate banks, keeping one banded stack of hundreds each for expenses. Denise explained as best she could what she had agreed to do and why. Surprisingly to her, Layla was not only supportive but also willing to help in any way.
With the banking business out of the way they both felt a tad less stressed and headed over to La Bamba’s for a Mexican lunch.
They both agreed not to talk about what was going on in public, or private, if it was even remotely possible other human beings were around that might be listening.
After downing their burritos, they headed back home where they could speak in private. As they chatted, Denise ordered each of them new Macbook Pro computers. “Don’t worry, I think we are REALLY going to need them,” she laughed.
“Do you believe everything she told you?” Layla asked.
“Yes. I got the impression that she would truthfully answer any question I put to her, unless of course she simply declined answering at all.”
“Powers? I can hardly wait. I hope you don’t get too buff, I kind of like you the way you are,” Layla giggled.
“Then again.”
“Go on.”
“When I asked her what if I refused her offer she said I would simply have left Giant City without remembering the conversation or ever meeting her.”
“Flashy thingie, do you think she has a flashy thingie,” Layla laughed.
“No, I have a flashy thingie,” Denise cooed leaning over to kiss Layla deeply.
“Indeed you do.”
After hours in bed and the need for another shower, Denise decided the best thing for her would be to remain occupied doing ‘stuff’ as she put it, to keep her from dwelling on the coming events and what she had agreed to be a part of. Question after question kept rushing in, and without some distractions she knew it would drive her bonkers. She did not want to be a sleepless wreck on Thursday morning. A movie.
“Loved that movie. I wish our travels had us working out of Paris,” Denise said as they walked down Main Street to the Dairy Queen.
After a few banana splits they returned to Denise’s trailer and settled into an air-conditioned lovemaking session. They slept in each other’s arms like newborn babes.
Denise turned the air conditioning off when she awoke and opened the windows. She loved the sweet smell of the country air, especially in the pre-dawn hours. She put on a small pot of coffee and got in the shower. Midway through shampooing her hair the image of a blonde female flashed in her brain. It resembled a washed out image like those she would create at times when experimenting in Photoshop with exposure and filters. Who are you? she thought as she rinsed her hair and stepped out of the shower. She reached for a towel and began patting dry her hair when the image flashed in her mind again, this time accompanied by a single word she clearly heard, under.
Denise planned on letting Layla sleep in. She poured her first cup of coffee for the day in a mug, packed up her backpack and headed out the door.
The sun was just coming up, a glorious orange and golden sky. She headed into town for breakfast at Mary Lou’s. It was not yet packed with customers, but undoubtedly would be soon as it was every day. The restaurant served up nothing short of the very best breakfast she could imagine anyone creating.
“Good morning sweetie. Coffee?”
“Oh yeah, good morning.”
“Need some time?”
“I’ll have an order of biscuits and gravy, two eggs over easy with wheat toast, and I’d better wait on a dessert decision,” Denise smiled.
The woman poured her coffee and gave the order to the cook.
She heard two truck drivers eating at a table behind her talking about the mysterious lights on the 4th of July that no doubt had people buzzing at breakfast, lunch and dinner tables across the area. Hope I get a ride in them, she thought, sipping on her delicious cup of restaurant coffee.
The biscuits and gravy plate arrived first, three homemade biscuits covered in Mary Lou’s own gravy, and cooked with 100% love. Mmm. I hope the food is good at this training facility, she thought. Her eggs and toast were delivered still steaming, and her cup of coffee topped off. Midway through buttering her second slice of toast a different image flashed in her mind, clearer this time, accompanied by one word as clear as if she were in the room speaking, Nola. There was clearly a gridded shadow on the woman’s face in this image. Bars? Denise thought.
“Something wrong with your toast honey?” the waitress asked.
“No, the toast is perfect as usual. I was just thinking about all I had to do today.”
“We try,” the waitress giggled.
“I’ll have a slice of peach cobbler if you please.”
“You bet.”
She finished eating, left a twenty-dollar bill and told the waitress to keep the change. Where are you? Try to focus on letting us know where you are. I can see and hear you. I am a friend. I am, pausing for an instant, Denizen, she thought as the Mustang pulled away from a red light and headed towards campus. “Denizen. The name fits and doesn’t reveal who I really am,” she said to herself. “I am Denizen.”
She sat in the television room on the main floor of the Student Center waiting for the library to open.
FINALIZING THINGS ON CAMPUS TODAY. she texted.
TRACKING SHOWS OUR MACBOOKS WILL ARRIVE THIS MORNING BEFORE 10. SIGNATURE NEEDED.
The scent of pine was lusciously overwhelming as she walked to the library. She deposited all the books she had taken out and was about to stroll across campus to the Campus Lake when she thought, Bikes, we need bikes.
She left campus and headed over to get an oil change, then stopped to get a few lattes before she drove back home.
“They’re here,” Layla said as Denise walked in the door.
“Here, when don’t we need a latte?”
“I did not touch them, wanted you to pick yours out first.”
“I think we need bikes, what do you think?” Denise asked.
“It’s a great bike town and campus that’s for sure.”
“I know. Actually when I was finished on campus I wanted to head over to Campus Lake but I did not want to drive or walk all the way there.”
“There  are a few decent bike stores in town.”
“Would you like to accompany me into town in a little while?”
“Sure. You seem a little distant. Are you ok?” Layla said.
Denise went on to tell her about the vision and names she experienced earlier. “I think that for some bizarre reason, they are able to communicate with me. Perhaps there is something to it, you know, everything I was told yesterday.”
“I’d be a little spooked, but I’d get use to it and would undoubtedly find a strength and resolve to find them. I can only imagine the people who took them. Or, to put it another way, I would get really pissed off, as I am simply listening to you.”
“My sentiment exactly.”
“Well, I’m going to hop in the shower quickly. Wanted to wait until the delivery arrived.”
“I’ll be here. Have you become attached to either of those?”
“Nope. Leaving it up to you.”
Denise reached in her bag for the trusty Olfa Touch Knife she kept in it and carefully opened the 17 inch Macbook Pro whose serial number ended in a odd number. This may be one of the wisest purchases I’ve made in a long time, she thought.
In the middle of creating a name and password for the computer in the setup process, she heard a voice in her head again. Denizen.
I am here, I am Denizen, she replied.
An image of a person strapped to what looked like an operating table flashed before her. Who are you? Who is that on the table?
I am Myla. Must…
Myla. Who is on the table?
Nothing.
Denise heard Layla singing in the shower, got up and stepped out into the yard for some fresh air.
Nola. Nola are you there?
No one.
“Fuck. Am I doing this right? Do I even know what I’m doing?”
She heard the shower stop. “I don’t want to have to explain right now.”
Nola. Who is Myla? Is one of your friends a male with black hair? Nola.
Yes. Yes to everything.
The male was strapped to what looked like a surgical operation table.
He is Aren. Thank you. Was he?
Yes, he was moving. He is alive. Let me know where to meet tomorrow. I have a lot to share.
I will. Thank you.
“Did you say something?” Layla asked when she walked back into the living room wearing black panties and a black tank top.
“I had an incoming message, nothing to speak of.”
“Do we have time to make ownership of these official?” Layla asked.
“Yes, yes of course.”
Name: Denise Zen
Password: denizen
She finished registering her computer, put it to sleep and plugged it into a power strip connected to a bedroom outlet to fully charge.
“I’ve got software we can install later,” Denise said.
“Ok. I’m ready when you are.”
“Feel like driving?”
“Sure.”
“Layla, what is the meaning of the name Myla?”
“Pretty sure it is intellect.”
“How about Aren?”
“That one is easy. It’s a guy’s name. Means Mountain of strength.”
“They contacted you with their names didn’t they?”
“Yes,” Denise said handing Layla the keys to the Mustang.
On the way to town Denise described the last image she saw.
“That does not sound good.”
“Yes. I am going to need to get an early start tomorrow.”
“That’s understandable. Wish I could come with you.”
“I will ask.”
“Thanks.”
Layla decided on a Schwinn Le Tour Sport in white, and Denise chose a color that matched her Mustang, a Schwinn Le Tour Legacy. The manager of the store arranged for the bikes to be delivered to Denise’s trailer the next day at no charge.
They came home with a pizza and settled in to a restful evening with each other and their new Macbook Pro computers.
“What do you think you can expect tomorrow?” Layla asked, giving Denise a foot rub.
“I’m not sure. The real start perhaps of a strange trip, hopefully not a LONG strange trip.”
“I think one of them is her lover. My guess would be Aren, don’t ask me why, I just do,” Layla said.
“I think so too. I think we should put some of the cash in a few other banks, what do you think?”
“Two million dollars, less what we have spent. I was thinking the same thing earlier today.”
“Well then maybe you put the suggestion in my noodle,” Denise laughed.
“I don’t know. I am certain that if you received a suggestion to spend the evening at home together naked, or as close to naked as possible, that would have been me.”
“Oh, I KNOW that one was you,” Denise laughed.


Chapter 8
First Day

Just before dawn Denise was awakened by the soft voice of Nola in her head. If you do not object, it might be best if I pick you up today.
I have no problem with that. How soon?
Is one hour ample time for you to get ready?
One hour is perfect.
Excellent.
Once again she started her day by putting on a small pot of coffee before heading to the bathroom. She turned on the clock radio she kept in the bathroom, and showered to the sound of Blues Magoos singing We Ain’t Got Nothing Yet. How appropriate, she thought between lyrics as she sang along. “One day you’re up and the next day you’re down, You can’t face the world with your head on the ground, The grass is always greener on the other side they say, So don’t worry girls life will be sweet some day, Oh oh oh oh.”
She simply threw on a red thong for her first cup of coffee, getting online to check her email and send a few messages of love, Just in Case, not knowing what to expect.
After rinsing off her mug, she slid into a pair of black Capri jeans and black leather sandals then stepped back into the bathroom to put a touch of makeup on. I’m outside. “Hmm, I did not hear a car pull up.” She put her iPhone into the black leather handbag she had cleaned much of the ‘crap’ as she put it out of, turned off the lights and walked out the front door.
The big black Oldsmobile 98 was parked in front of her trailer already facing the exit.
“Good morning,” Denise said as she got in on the passenger side.
“It is a lovely morning Denise. I took the liberty,” Nola smiled pointing to the Starbucks cup closest too her.
Denise snickered softly. “You’re quite a host Nola.”
“I’m learning.”
Nola steered the Oldsmobile east on Boskydell Road. The car did not make a sound, moving down the road as if it were standing still. “I wanted to thank you again,” Nola said.
“You’re welcome, but I haven’t really done anything. I’ve listened. I’ve seen. Please save your thank you’s that I know are sincere until we get your friends back.
“As you wish.”
“It throws me off and makes me feel uncomfortable, so please take no offense.”
“None taken.”
“I’ve been confiding in Layla. I trust her implicitly. It helps me keep it all in perspective somehow. Her feedback is valuable. What has happened to your friends makes us both very angry, and anger is an energy that is good to release.”
“She’s fallen in love with you.”
“I know.”
The Oldsmobile turned right at Giant City Road and sped south. Sunlight of the coming day filled the sky and clouds with shades of violet and soft power blues, yellow orange scumbling across the bottom of the wispy puffy clouds. Denise wished she had her window open and could take this glorious morning in with all her senses, as she wondered on the technique she might use to paint those clouds. Denizen we are both ALI, she heard scream in her mind. She lurched forward in her seat hanging on to the dashboard. “They’re alive. It was a males voice this time. It was as if he was here in this car with us shouting,” Denise sighed.
Nola did not say a word. Denise saw a tear streaming down her cheek. “You are in love with him, in love with Aren?” she asked. She reached into her bag and handed Nola a napkin.
“Yes, very much in love.”
I am Denizen Aren. Please try to describe WHERE you are being held. Denise thought.
Like a broken digital signal interrupted by a passing storm, two words sputtered in her mind seconds apart, under ter.
“Please focus on the road ahead of us,” Nola said.
They were just west of Little Grassy Lake when she noticed that the Oldsmobile was slowing down. Appearing directly in front of them was a door clearly opening into a ramp, the light within whatever the door belonged to seeming to mimic the sunrise. The door swallowed the Oldsmobile to the sound of a soft deep hum and a gentle thud.
“Welcome to our ride to the training facility as you put it,” Nola said.
“Where are we?” Denise asked.
“You’re on our, I believe you might call it a shuttle craft.”
“Shuttle craft?”
“Come, I’ll show you.”
They exited the Oldsmobile and Nola guided Denise through a walkway dimly lit in a pale violet hue. The wall in front of them shimmered and silently disappeared revealing a room that undoubtedly controlled the vessel.
“I believe you have met our pilot today informally, Cyn.
“Hello Denise, it is a pleasure to meet you,” Cyn said spinning in her chair to face her.
“It Came From The Chicago Subway,” Denise smiled. “It’s a pleasure.”
“If you would have a seat Denise, we will get under way,” Cyn smiled back.
Nola sat next to her in seats away from what Denise thought looked like important controls for the vessel. “We are traveling to our main vessel. In lieu of the many pieces of information you’ve been able to obtain so far, I thought it important that you meet with the other members of our crew.”
“Of course. And where would that be?”
Cyn activated a screen above her station that showed them moving rapidly, heading west was Denise’s best guess. “The Smiley Face,” she said softly. “I’ve always felt Makanda was one of the most important spots on the planet,” she snickered.
They appeared to be picking up speed, still heading in the same direction. When it was clear there was nothing but Shawnee Forest beneath they came to a near complete stop before the craft accelerated at what Denise thought an impossibly fast speed, straight up.
“Very near and very private?” Denise said as the craft left Earth’s atmosphere.
“Relatively,” Nola said.
“I wonder if we are going to be on You Tube?” Denise laughed.
“At the moment our vessels cannot be detected by any current devices on your world,” Cyn said.
“Cloaking?”
“An apt description.”
A rapidly growing light shimmered on the screen before it filled the screen and changed color to the same pale violet hue Denise had seen earlier. She sensed a low-pitched hum subside at the same time she felt a mild vibration. Nola led her past the Oldsmobile and down the ramp they had arrived on, into a much larger space. The craft they were exiting was not touching the floor. There were two other similar craft attached to what she could only guess were docking clamps in the circular space.
“I’m not in Kansas any more,” Denise said.
“Kansas?” Nola asked.
“It’s a movie, The Wizard of Oz,” Denise smiled.
“Come and let me introduce you to the rest of the crew.”
She was led through the same type of vanishing doorway that sealed behind them, then down a corridor that she could tell lead around the craft in a circle.
“We’re in a saucer shaped craft?” Denise asked.
“You will be given a complete tour when we have finished our meeting. I felt it important to have you explain the past few days to the crew first,” Nola said.
They were greeted outside another doorway that vanished before her eyes. “Welcome, I am Trepa.” She had short blonde hair and was as tall as Denise.
“Hello.”
Trepa led them into a room with a circular table that resembled polished steel yet was not touching the floor. Around it were seated seven other crewmembers.
“Please be seated,” Trepa spoke in a gentle voice, her hand extended palm up to an empty seat.
“Where are we, how far from Makanda?” Denise asked.
“Approximately nine thousands kilometers,” Cyn said.
“Straight up?”
“That is one way of looking at it,” Cyn said.
A tall female with long black hair entered carrying, or guiding, a tray filled with cups. “Hello Denise, I am Mari, and this one is yours,” she said before walking around the table positioning tall cups in front of seats around the table.
“It’s a latte,” Nola said. “Let me know what you think.”
Wow. Perfect. Better than Starbucks perhaps, she thought.
There were a few giggles around the room.
“It’s perfect,” Denise said.
“Thank you,” Mari smiled before taking a seat opposite Denise.
When all were gathered there were nine members seated at the table along with Denise. Nola introduced them all. “You’ve already met Pyta, Cyfer and Cyn. Artand, who was the first male you met in the Student Center theater, Mari of course who seems to have acquired a passion for lattes as well. Trepa who you will be spending most of your day with once this meeting is over, Kinsa, Vido, and Senn.”
“Hello,” Denise said, lifting her cup in the air before taking a sip.
“As I explained to all seated here, you’ve been in communication with our crewmembers for the first time since their disappearance. I wonder if you could relate your experiences as they happened and your thoughts that are most insightful,” Nola said.
After explaining in detail what she had seen and heard the past few days, Denise continued. “I believe they are being held not by members of our government, and this I find especially disturbing. It is embarrassing to have to admit this being a member of the human race, but there are a growing number of humans that will stop at nothing to satisfy their greed. Greed is the number one reason for all of mankind’s problems. It is a sickness that most humans in power suffer from, an uncontrollable desire, more like an addiction, to gain more at any cost. This is what disturbs me the most about the who’s and why’s.”
There was silence for a moment.
“Denise,” Trepa said, “the latest messages you received today, you said they were much stronger.”
“Yes, they were. For what it’s worth, I have seen or heard nothing since leaving the ground.”
There was communication between the crewmembers taking place that Denise could not tap into.
“I believe they are being held under the location they are at, and that it is near water, perhaps under water. This is just my theory based on this mornings last message of course which doesn’t give us a lot to go on within a radius of four hundred miles from Makanda. Wherever they are it is not a ground level structure, of that I am convinced, theoretically anyway.”
Denise sensed a beam of hope in Nola’s expression.
We have agreed to allow your friend to accompany you the next time we meet,” Nola said.
“Thank you. She will be most pleased.”
Nola, where is the uhm, ladies room? Denise thought.
“My apologies. I am about to turn you over to Trepa, she will show you.”
The meeting broke and Denise followed Trepa out the vanishing door and down the hall to another door on the opposite side of the hall that opened into a room filled with ambient golden light. “This is your personal space, one of our guest quarters. I trust you will find the accommodations suitable,” she said pointing gracefully at another smaller door that opened into what she suspected was their equivalent of a bathroom.
“I won’t be long.”
“Simply think the function you wish to perform and the appropriate device needed will appear.”
“Much easier than an in-flight toilet,” Denise smiled.
Hmm. Tinkle. Nothing appeared.
Pee pee. Nothing again.
Try toilet, Trepa whispered in her head.
Thanks. Toilet. A silver disc she could only assume was a toilet bowl appeared before her that did not seem to be connected to anything. “It it’s not, oh well, it’s only a tinkle,” she giggled before sitting on it to get rid of the morning’s coffee.
You are NOT going to believe where I am, she thought, directing in to Layla.
She stood up and looked down at a bowl that was empty. “Interesting. Let me try something.” Finished. The bowl vanished when she did. Sink. A silver sink appeared where the bowl had just been. She put her hands under what appeared to be a faucet and a stream of water began to flow. When she pulled them away the stream stopped and her hands were already dry. “So much for requesting a towel.” Finished. The sink disappeared.
Let me guess, she is a Madame and you are making a fortune with your looks. It was Layla’s voice.
Let’s just say I will be back in Kansas in a while.
Can’t they make it Southern Illinois, I miss you?
“That is some bathroom,” Denise said upon exiting.
“Thank you,” Trepa said standing by the doorway to the hall. “Much of your training will take place in this room.”
“I can’t wait. Were you able to sense my friend’s thoughts a moment ago?”
“No, I was not. She is handling your brief separation well?”
“Yes, she is.” Denise weighed her answer. If they could not lie, she just communicated with Layla in private.
“You have a lot of questions. Today is simply an orientation and tour. Tomorrow is when we really get started, at which time you will undoubtedly receive answers to the many questions you have.”
“May I bring Layla tomorrow if she is willing to come?”
“Yes.”
“May I speak to her about this day?”
“It is recommended. It will afford her a more favorable start to her day.”
The tour continued past living quarters and what could only be deemed a small dining area. Trepa pointed out an area that for now at least was off limits to visitors. Denise suspected it lead to areas critical to the overall function of the ship.
When they arrived at what Denise termed ‘the bridge’, she gazed out at the Earth through what appeared to be a large window. “That’s one clear picture if that is a video screen,” Denise said.
“It is the equivalent of a window,” Cyn explained. “Certain sections of the hull of the ship will become transparent at will.”
“You have one in your room if you need to activate it,” Trepa said.
“I feel like such a child in your presence,” Denise said.
“As do we in yours,” Nola said, entering the room.
Denise just turned to her and smiled.
“Shall we?” Nola said.
“I have finished our tour. I will see you tomorrow,” Trepa smiled.
“Til tomorrow.” Denise smiled back.
Nola led her back to the shuttle with Cyn. The Oldsmobile was facing the ramp now. “Please,” Nola said, opening the passenger side door of the car.
The ramp closed before her eyes and Nola got into the drivers seat. “We’ll be taking the fast route back, so being in place is advisable.”
Denise heard the start of a deep hum before the quiet thump of what she could only assume was the release of the docking clamp. She thought she sensed movement but could not say for certain.
“I was able to communicate with Layla from the guest room, for what it’s worth,” Denise said. “I have seen or heard nothing from Myla or Aren since this morning.”
“That could prove to be important.”
Within what seemed like less than a minute, Denise sensed a strange pull on the ship.
“We have entered your atmosphere. You will notice a subtle change in the movement of this vessel when we do.”
“I know I’m going to get that question right if it’s on the final,” Denise giggled.
“Final?” Nola laughed. “It is a delight having you near Denise.”
“The feeling is mutual.”
Nola started up the Oldsmobile just as the doorway and ramp opened before their eyes. The craft appeared to be standing still when Nola put the car in gear and they were heading north on Giant City Road on the way back to her trailer.
“You’re a good driver,” Denise said.
“Thanks.”
“Trepa said it was ok for Layla to accompany us tomorrow if she is willing.”
“Indeed it is.”
“We are going to find your friends,” Denise said as the Oldsmobile turned into her driveway.
“I am starting to believe we will, in time.”
“Til tomorrow.”
“Same time and place then,” Nola smiled as Denise got out of the car.
“Yes,” she smiled before closing the door and walking into her trailer.


Chapter 9
Flying

“Yes I will come with you. I wouldn’t miss it for the world,” Layla said.
“It still sort of feels like a dream,” Denise said, stroking her cheek as they lay on the couch looking at their bikes, the clothes they had been wearing strewn about the room.
“Is it like flying?”
“Yes and no. It is more like watching a movie of flying it is so smooth. I may ask for a window seat next time,” Denise laughed.
“Those bikes smell so new.”
“Yes they do. What say we break them in and head to town for something to eat?”
“I thought you’d never ask,” Layla laughed.
How is your bike functioning, Layla thought as they zipped north on Highway 51.
Like a charm. How does Pagliai’s sound for a pizza?
Yummo.
They ordered a thick and crispy veggie pizza and a few cokes.
“I honestly don’t know how I went this long without eating today,” Denise laughed. “My world usually starts bottoming out a few hours after not having something.”
“You, I was at home with a fridge full of food and could not eat.”
“How long have you lived down here exactly?”
“Lived, five years, but I used to visit here often.”
Do you think it possible to make a list and map all of the bodies of water between here and, oh say, Lake Michigan, in every direction? Denise asked.
Should be quite easy. I know where most of them are. Have you seen how Google Earth looks on these new Macbooks?
We must find time to compile the list this evening before, ahem.
“Ahem?”
“Yes. You know, ahem,” Denise grinned rolling her eyes before reaching to touch her left hand.
“Ahem can wait, but not too long.”
“Absolutely.”
After dinner they rode down to the Dairy Queen and sat outside having dessert before making their way back home.
Roughly a quarter mile south of Arnold’s Market Denise, who was in the lead, heard what sounded like a loud slap followed by a males voice shouting “NICE ASS,” followed by Layla shouting, “GEEK ASSHOLE!”
Are you ok? Denise asked.
Some asshole in that pickup just smacked me on the ass, Layla roared. 
Layla watched as the back window of the pickup exploded outwards into the bed of the truck before the head of the man sitting in the shotgun seat repeatedly banged into the dashboard about a half dozen times. The driver stopped the truck in the middle of the road in a panic, not knowing what was happening.
Apology accepted, Denise calmly said as they cruised by the dazed truck occupants.
How did you do that? Layla laughed.
I’m not sure.
I simply MUST learn how to do that.
Me too.
Once back home they hopped in the shower together before settling into a quiet and productive evening at home.
“Well,” Layla said while she whipped up a few iced lattes, “just off the top of my head there are Crab Orchard Lake, Devil’s Kitchen, Little Grassy, Kinkaid Lake, Cedar Lake and Rend Lake.”
“Can you believe I was able to type all those down as you were saying them?” Denise laughed.
“You’re good baby.”
“Thank you.”
“Oh, and then there is Lake Murphysboro,” Layla said. “Here, let me know how it is?”
“Mmm,” Denise moaned after taking a sip of her chocolate latte.
“I’ll take that as a compliment.”
“Ever heard of Debwin Plant Cooling Lake?”
“Nope. Where is that?”
“Not far from our favorite Fort.” And then there is the entire Mississippi River.
The morning came with barely enough time to freshen up and get a cup of coffee down before Pyta was waiting outside the trailer with the Oldsmobile.
“I’ll sit in back if you don’t mind,” Denise said. You’re just going to love this ride.
“Good morning,” Pyta smiled. She did not have lattes waiting.
“Good morning,” Denise and Layla chimed.
Pyta drove the Oldsmobile out to Highway 51 and headed south.
“I’ve never been in such a smooth ride before,” Layla said.
“We’ve made a few modifications to it,” Pyta said.
Look straight ahead. Denise thought.
Less than a half mile away from Denise’s trailer this time, the same ramp opened up and swallowed the Oldsmobile and its occupants.
“I feel like a V.I.P. already,” Layla said.
They exited the Oldsmobile and Pyta led them to their seats for the jump ‘upstairs’ as Denise put it.
Layla looked on in astonishment at the view above Cyn. “To boldly go where no SIU student has ever gone before,” she giggled.
They arrived to the same low hum and thud of the docking clamp taking hold. Denise led Layla back the way they had came followed by Pyta and Cyn.
“Welcome Layla to the Tyrine,” Pyta said.
“It’s pronounced Tchareen but it is spelled T-y-r-i-n-e,” Denise whispered.
“You’ll meet most of our crew throughout the day,” Pyta said as the door opened into the same room Denise had her first meeting in. Nola was the only one in the room. Kinsa followed them into the room with latte refreshments and left after bidding them hello.
After the introductory formalities Nola felt it necessary to welcome Layla to the ship. Denise started in with an update, and provided Nola with a map showing all the lakes in the region.
“I’ve had no communication with Myla or Aren overnight. It may be a good thing since the last few times they did so they sounded rather stressed,” Denise said.
“You think we should focus on these bodies of water first?” Nola asked.
“Yes I do. I am still convinced that water is a key in finding their location.”
“I’ve been on all of these lakes at one time or another,” Layla said. “As small as they are, there are many places to hide, especially if someone’s operation was sophisticated enough.”
“May I suggest that after Layla has finished her brief tour you utilize our shuttle to get a closer look at these lakes?” Nola said.
“A good idea Nola. Maybe we will get lucky and find some clues, or them,” Denise said. “On that note, I’ll be in my quarters.”
Layla looked at her and almost laughed out loud.
“Of course. Trepa is anxious to discuss a few things with you.”
Mari entered the room as Denise exited to take Layla on a tour of the ship.
Denise sat in a chair in her guest quarters when she finished up in the bathroom. A soft voice emanated from the walls, “May I enter?” It was Trepa.
“Yes, of course.”
While Trepa explained how some of her training would proceed, Denise told her what happened the previous day with the guys in the pickup truck. “I did it. I knew I was doing it. I wanted to do more to them initially but I stopped short of doing so. I controlled it. I watched as I controlled it.”
“Our word for this is Kinez, the ability to control the physical world with your mind. It is one of the powers you have Denise, one of the reasons you were chosen.”
“I’d love to know more.”
“Nola has informed me that Layla’s tour is drawing to a close, and that you will be spending part of the day with Cyn and Senn in the shuttle.”
“Oh Layla is going to love that,” she laughed.
“Come, they are almost ready.”
Cyn led them to a different shuttle than the one they arrived in. It was different on the inside and had more seating, as well as being slightly smaller, at least it seemed that way. At any rate, Denise was certain they would be experiencing a new way of exiting the craft since the Oldsmobile was not onboard when it separated from the clamp and departed the Tyrine.
“Senn is the closest thing to what I believe you would call a detective on your world,” Cyn said. “He has a remarkable ability to ‘read’ if you will.”
“I hope we can be of some help,” Layla said, seeming highly entertained by the view of the rapidly approaching planet they called home.
“You are our tour guide on this outing,” Denise said. 
“Ok, let’s start with the most popular and northernmost then work our way south. That would be Rend Lake.”
“Probably the least likely on the list,” Denise said.
“I take it we cannot be seen?” Layla said.
“That is correct,” Senn said. He was busy working at the controls of something that appeared to be mapping certain areas they passed.
“I’m getting nothing here,” Denise said.
“Next would be here, Crab Orchard Lake,” Layla said, pointing to a map. “The entire lake is browned out on Google Earth. They claim it is simply different satellite imagery that causes it but I’m not so sure.”
Cyn already knew where to steer the craft.
“This is most definitely a point of interest that deserves snooping at the ground level,” Denise said. “I cannot explain, but I feel something.”
“It is a historical place.”
“What are all of those uniformly laid out buildings doing in the middle of a Wildlife Preserve?” Denise asked.
Nooooooooo! Denise heard in her mind. It faded in and out.
It was not now. It’s a memory, she thought.
“Stop!” Denise shouted. “Can you stop?”
The craft came to a complete stop.
“Give me a moment.”
They are too valuable to release.
It is only a matter of time before we are found.
Then we will have what we want.
What if they get away?
He will tell you nothing.
Let her go and I’ll give you what you want.
Noooooooo.
Denise turned on her iPhone, selected voice recorder and spoke verbatim the words, full sentences, she had just heard in her mind. “I believe these to be fragments of conversations that took place here. Each sentence is a different voice. Two of the voices are clearly Myla and Aren.”
She looked up to see three faces staring at her.
“They’re here, or they have been here. This is a good place for us to have a closer look on the ground.”
“You said this was a historical place?” Senn asked.
“Yes,” Layla replied. “During one of the darkest periods for our species on our world, this entire area was a massive armament complex that employed more than ten thousand workers. It was during our Second World War.”
“All of that down there?” Denise asked.
“Ordinance for the war effort. Located in the heart of the country so it was less prone to attack, plenty of water, an abundance of unemployed help due to the depression, it was perfect. Its nickname was Ordill.”
“Can you bring us in for a closer look without being detected?” Denise asked.
Denizen…were…top is deception, Denise heard in her mind, words, all part of broken sentences.
“Senn. Can you get us far away from this place quickly?”
Cyn shot the vessel straight up and within moments they were more than fifty miles south of Crab Orchard Lake.
“What is it Denise?” Layla asked.
“There is something down there. I believe something was scanning, for us.”
“I did record an anomaly seconds after you asked that we leave,” Senn said.
“Can you contact the ship and ask Trepa if I can have a crash training session as soon as possible?”
“She asks what kind of pizza do you want for dinner?” Senn said.
Denise was wearing a grin when she looked at Layla. “Bell peppers only will do just fine, and ask her to make it large enough for two. You’ll be having two overnight guests.”
 “My bed is large enough for two unless we are pulling an allnighter” Layla whispered.
“We’ll find time,” Denise smiled.
“Yes.”


Chapter 10
A Natural

“Quite an experience to live in fear isn’t it? That’s what it means to be a slave. It’s one of my favorite quotes by a favorite author, Phillip K. Dick. I suspect that Myla and yes, even Aren as strong as he is, have much to fear at the moment.”
“I believe you are right Denise. Come, we are almost there,” Nola said.
Denise and Layla had spent the night in intensive training. Most of Layla’s training was to be in the art of self-defense until they found out that she had studied kickboxing for nearly two years. After besting her holo-opponents, she was given training to fine-tune her telepathic abilities.
Denise was coached and trained alongside Trepa the entire night. She discovered that she had the ability to send and receive messages mentally. She could read impressions left by someone mentally. She could, with refinement, control other humans mentally. Although it was still latent, she would be able to see into the future. Her ability to move objects, including sentient beings was profound. It was as if a full-power switch had been turned on when they were accosted on their bikes on Highway 51. Size simply did not matter. She was able to move, stop, and even destroy objects at will. With some training she would be able to teach Layla this ability that was still dormant in her.
“We have arrived,” Nola said.
The ramp opened to reveal Denise’s front lawn. It was still dark out.
We will be in the region most of the day, Nola said.
Good to know in case we need you quickly. Denise said.
The ramp closed and immediately the craft that had just carried them roughly nine thousand kilometers could not be seen.
“I’m going to cook us breakfast,” Layla said.
“Yum. I am hungry,” Denise said, deeply breathing in the sweet smelling country air.
Denise put on a pot of coffee and took a shower while Layla cooked them omelets with hash browns and seven-grain toast topped with raspberry preserves.
After breakfast Layla got her shower out of the way. Denise was nude when Layla exited the bathroom. She took her by the hand and led her to the bedroom.
“We never had time for ahem,” she giggled.
“Mmmm,” Layla cooed.
“I’d like to go to campus for a while if you don’t mind,” Denise said while she washed the breakfast dishes.
“Sure. I love campus. I especially love campus with you cause being on one makes you horny,” Layla giggled.
Denise put on a white tank top with blue jean shorts and brown sandals. Layla wore a green tank, blue jean shorts and green sneakers, “In case I have to kick something,” she giggled.
They took the Mustang to campus and parked at the Student Center.
After picking up a few lattes, they headed to the upstairs lounge on the other end of the building. Resting on an available couch, Denise practiced some of the powers Trepa had explained to her.
“I don’t want to hurt anyone,” she said.
“I’ll practice catching them if they fall,” Layla smiled.
Two girls walking up the back stairway reached down to hold hands. “That was easy enough,” Denise said before taking a sip of coffee. “You try.”
A male student started to skip when he got off the escalator. “Very good. I’m beginning to wonder what you might have done to the slapper,” Denise laughed.
“If this one works I’ll know I wasn’t dreaming last night,” Denise said. When a female student was poised to sit down on a chair Denise moved it just enough to where she would sit on the arm and not the seat.
Layla giggled. “I wonder who’s been doing that to me most of my life?”
They decided to walk over to the Arts Building. There Denise was looking in on the drawing class she had been a part of when her instructor came walking down the hall.
“Denise,” he said. “How are you?”
“Hi. I’m good. Was hoping to run into you. I was wondering if you are teaching here during the regular school year?”
“Yes. I am going to be sticking around. Someone it seems put in a good word for me.”
“Great news. I really enjoyed your classes, while they lasted.”
“I hope everything is ok.”
“I have a feeling it is going to work out just fine, thanks.”
“Well, I have to get back inside.”
“Sure. Take care.”
“You do the same Denise.”
Layla drove since she knew the area so well. She decided to take the ‘back door’ into the area they flew over the day before, just in case there were unseen surveillance cameras around the area. She suspected there were, which is why she brought along a few cameras so she and Denise could easily be mistaken for tourists or students out snapping images for a class.
They drove around the Spillway where in the early spring you could see fish leaping out of the water as it poured over the side. It was a real attraction to students. “Where do you think these roads lead that have these movable barricades across them?” Denise asked.
“Can’t say. Much of this area is still off limits to the public for a variety of reasons. All the stuff they did here during the War. It is, theoretically, a wildlife refuge and some of it could be in place to keep hunters and poachers out.”
“Really? They’d risk coming here to hunt?”
“More like poach. There are a lot of endangered species that wind up in this region every year. I’d imagine some sick fuck would pay a lot to have their own baby Bald Eagle.”
“Indeed.” Denise cringed. Layla was right. This was all about greed, she just knew it. She was overwhelmed with the thought that it may just be the start of this odyssey, that those holding Myla and Aren were holding out for the highest bidder. If in the process they could acquire a few more visitors or better yet, their advanced technology, then so much the better.
“Why does that say Industrial Entrance when there is nothing here?” Denise asked.
“Good point.”
“Quite a few No Trespassing signs. That’s not very friendly.”
“People who put them up don’t care what other people think.”
“Are there any private residences right near here?” Denise said.
“I would have to say no. I never realized how odd this area really is,” Layla laughed.
“We will come back and go down all these roads that are not blocked.”
“Sure thing.”
“Pull in over here on the right,” Denise said.
Layla pulled up to what looked like the headquarters of the Wildlife Refuge. “Want me to come with?”
“Yes. I’ll need you to remember. I have too much on my mind.”
They parked the Mustang in the driveway and walked into the office.
“May I help you?” a uniformed male asked.
“I hope so,” Denise said. “We were hoping to get lucky and perhaps get some photos of an eagle or other wildlife. Would you be able to direct us to any locations that might be possible this time of year?”
Ditzy students. I get why you stopped. Layla said.
The officer explained that the best place to see eagles might be Little Grassy Lake and all areas between it and the Spillway they passed earlier.
Denise thanked them and they walked back to the Mustang. “We need to go down that road right across the street, you know, to get lost.”
“Indeed,” Layla said as she pulled the Mustang out of the driveway, pointing at the road looking a bit confused in case anyone was watching.
You’ll be lucky to get out of this alive unless you cooperate, Denise heard. It was a male’s voice, but not Aren.
“Now there’s a fab first photo opportunity,” Layla said, pulling up shortly after turning down the unmarked road across from the headquarters.
“Yeah, it’s really something,” Denise hesitated.
You’ve heard something haven’t you? Layla said.
Yes. Let’s just say these people are not nice.
“How old do you think this is?” Layla asked.
“Late 1800’s?”
“Very good.” Come on darling and pose for a few photos. We must stay in character.
Denise posed in front of the old wooden structure. “It’s not larger than our living room,” she said peeking inside. When she touched it the words she had heard the day before whispered in her head again, but this time the words were not broken. Were at this site. Top is a deception.
They were here. Fuck. They’ve been moved, Denise said.
This place is creepy, Layla said.
Yes. It’s a cinch we are not getting in there in broad daylight, she said, rolling her eyes towards a formation of buildings up the road.
“No eagles out this way,” Layla said.
“Let’s go find some eagles. I need to think.”
Denizen. It points directly to us.
What? What points directly to you?
The arrow ----ts -- -- ---- -bove.
Myla, is Aren with you?
Yes Denizen. At times I can see --at yo- see.
Get us away from here, away from prying eyes. We need to talk.
“I think I know a quicker way to the area they told us to go to,” Layla said.
She turned the Mustang around and slowly drove back the way they had come. This time a white van approached in their direction. Denise smiled like a bubblehead and the two men inside wearing mirrored sunglasses smiled back. Denise memorized their plate number as Layla steered the Mustang out of the area and back onto Highway 13 heading west.
Nola, are you around?
“I’m going to stop for some water,” Layla said pulling into a gas station.
“I’ll be right here.”
We are not far, Nola answered.
They were here. The message was as clear as speaking to Myla on a telephone. She went on to relay the words she heard, Top is a deception. It points directly to us.
Did she say what points directly to them?
Yes. When she did it was broken. She said The arrow then a pause ts then a longer pause and bove. I believe she was saying The arrow points to us from above.
We will be back in the area shortly.
We’ll be out somewhere between here and Giant City by the lakes.
“Here you go,” Layla said, handing Denise a large bottle of water.
“Poor Nola. She is going through mental hell and covering it up so well.”
“Come on, let’s go look at some eagles.”
Hurry Denizen. I think they plan on moving us again soon.

Chapter 11
Eagle Flies

“It was Aren this time,” Denise said.
Layla put the Mustang through so many twists and turns on country roads Denise simply laughed. “It is just so gorgeous down here I haven’t been watching where you are going. I could not tell you where we are if my life depended on it.”
“We’ll be coming out to Giant City Blacktop in a little bit, and we won’t be too far from Little Grassy and Devil’s Kitchen when we do.”
“It will be good to take a breather.”
“I think I’d be starting to feel like a Band-Aid by now if I were receiving all these messages. I wonder why I can’t?”
“Be glad you can’t,” Denise sighed. “Whoever has them in custody sounds sick and dangerous. One of them had more of a southern accent than you normally hear around these parts.”
“These parts? You’re catching on,” Layla smiled.
“Ha.”
“Why do you think we can only receive limited messages, bits and pieces?”
“I don’t know. Perhaps they are being sedated? I could not say for certain.”
“We’re going to have to remember to eat,” Layla said.
“Yes. Brain drain takes it out of you.”
The Mustang cruised south on Giant City Road.
“That’s a big bird flying over yonder,” Denise said.
“Could be an eagle. Then again, it could be a buzzard.”
“Really?”
“Yes. They can be hard to tell apart from a long distance. We are heading in that direction.”
“I’m really happy you came into my life,” Denise said, reaching over to play with Layla’s light brown hair.
“Thank you. Love you too darlin’.”
They parked the Mustang as close to the shore as possible. Layla chose to park at Devil’s Kitchen Lake, since it is the lake with the coolest water in the summer, and where swimming is strictly prohibited.
“It’s really beautiful here,” Denise said.
“Yes. It remains relatively unspoiled since they created it.”
“Another man-made lake?”
“Yes.”
“What do you think we should do about the latest information?” Layla asked.
“I’m not certain what it even means yet.”
Denise brought a blanket with that she kept in the trunk and spread it out on the grass near the shore. “Come on, take a breather.”
Layla joined her on the blanket watching the puffy white clouds gently roll by.
“You know something I noticed before?” Denise said as a shadow from a passing cloud blocked out the midday sun.
“What?”
“See this shadow we are in now? Well when I used to lay out at the Lakefront in Chicago, I would notice that the smaller clouds passing by never seemed to get in the path of the sunlight to cast a shadow, ever. Much larger ones would but the smaller ones, even though they appeared to be on a path to do so, would not.”
“That’s interesting. Can’t say that I ever noticed.”
Denise shifted to rest her head on Layla’s stomach.
“That one has an obvious facial profile.”
“It looks angry, it’s mouth wide open as if it is screaming or getting ready to swallow something,” Layla laughed.
“Yeah.” An Image of a blonde female and a rather muscular looking male with black hair seen from above flashed in Denise’s head.
Nola.
Denise.
Is Myla a slender blonde?
Yes.
Is Aren kind of buff, you know, fit, muscular, with black hair?
Yes. Her voice was filled with longing.
I will get back to you.
Denise stood up to have a look around. She noticed a large bird sitting atop a dead treetop near the waters edge on the other side of the lake. “Layla, is that an eagle?”
“My guess is yes, but I can’t be certain from here. Hang on.” She stood up and walked quickly back to the car and brought her cameras back with her. “It is indeed,” she smiled, looking at it through a telephoto lens. “Here have a look.”
Denise sat down and braced the long lens between her knees. When she found the eagle, its head turned so that it was in profile. A dimly lit series of images showing Myla and Aren being loaded into a white van at dawn or dusk flashed in her mind. Even in the darkness they were clearly visible. “The fucking white van. We need to go back.” Denise stood back up and an image of what clearly appeared to be an arrow pointing appeared in her mind’s eye. “It’s the terrain, the arrow is the terrain from above,” she said, falling back to her knees.
“But where?” Layla asked. “Where are you getting this information from?”
“From her,” Denise said, pointing to the eagle that spread its wings and flew off towards the south.
“Magnificent,” Layla giggled.
Denise opened the Google Earth application on her iPhone to the saved place marked Old School House. Slowly zooming in from there she clearly noticed the arrow formation. “We were right next to it,” she said showing the screen to Layla, slowly zooming out to reveal the old Armament Complex and Schoolhouse next to it, “and so were the people who have them, driving a white van.”
Nola.
Denise.
How fast can you get over the area we were at yesterday?
I can gather a crew member and be there in less than a minute.
Do it. It’s urgent. From where we are we cannot get there in less than thirty minutes.
What are we looking for?
A white van.

Chapter 12
White Van

There is a white van. Check your phone map program.
Denise turned her iPhone on and opened Google Earth to find another pushpin on the map she had not put there titled ‘van’.
“How did she do that?” Denise giggled.
“I love it,” Layla laughed, steering the Mustang at much higher than usual speeds towards the location of the van.
A male walked from the building to the van and back less than a minute ago.
We’re traveling as fast as possible in our gas combustion vehicle. Let me know if anything changes.
I will.
“I wish this Mustang could fly,” Denise said.
“She is flying,” Layla laughed. “Don’t worry honey. If they are on top of it we don’t need to kill ourselves getting there.”
Denise leaned over to kiss her on the cheek.
Denise.
Nola.
Two males came out of the building, each pushing two-wheel motor vehicles.
Motorcycles?
Yes. They have left the complex and are ready to turn onto Highway 13 heading west towards Carbondale.
Nola. Keep me updated on where they are at 30-second intervals.
I will.
“They are at Route 149 and Highway 13 about to head towards town.
“Tighten your seat belt,” Layla said, as she flew down the smooth two-lane surface of Spillway Road towards Highway 13.
They are roughly one half mile from Spillway Road.
We are here waiting for them.
“Fuck. I knew we should have filled up earlier. What if they just keep heading out of town, like way out of town?” Denise said.
“That’s them,” Layla said.
We have them in sight. Please continue to follow.
The motorcycles came to a stop at Spillway Road.
Layla turned left on to Highway 13 and drove just under the speed limit in the right lane. Within minutes the two bikers were in the left lane passing them. They did not seem to notice it was the same Mustang and the same two ‘chicks’ they’d seen at the complex earlier.
“I’d know those mirror sunglasses anywhere,” Denise laughed. “How much gas do you have?”
“Little over a quarter tank.”
They stayed a few cars back anticipating catching the stoplight at the east end of the Mall.
“To make matters worse, I really have to pee,” Denise said.
“Me too.”
“Let me try something.”
Denise massaged the biker’s brains with a suggestion. Boy, could I dig a tall cool one.
Not seeing a reaction, she tried again. I HAVE to get a beer.
They watched as the biker on the left turned towards the other and said something, the other nodding in agreement.
“Fingers crossed,” Layla said.
“And legs crossed,” Denise laughed. “I REALLY have to pee.”
They headed straight into town and turned left on University.
“PK’s. I bet they’re going to PK’s,”Layla said.
“I have a feeling they just might be.”
They were. The two bikers pulled their bikes up to the front of PK’s and parked them on an angle facing the street.
“Ok, now what?”
“Let me try to make them REALLY thirsty,” Denise smiled. “I have a plan.”
Nola.
Denise.
We are going to give them the chance to get a bit intoxicated and get back to you.
I understand.
Denise did not know if she was responsible at all for their decision to stop at PK’s, but she added a suggestion that they had time to kill and would hang out there a while.
They parked the car about a half block south on Main Street and waited.
“I don’t turn 21 until August,” Denise said. “Think they’ll let me in?”
“You shouldn’t have a problem with that,” Layla said.
“Shall we?”
When they walked into the bar the smell of alcohol, beer, a strong disinfectant and cigarettes wafted over them. Denise went directly to a table and sat down. Layla sat at the bar and ordered two Bud Lites. The bartender looked at her, then looked at Denise, then popped open two long neck bottles of beer and took the twenty-dollar bill from Layla. She left a dollar tip on the bar and walked back to the table to join Denise.
“One of them is shooting pool, the other one is talking to those other two guys,” Denise said. She lifted the bottle and took a long drink. It tasted good going down, cool, carbonated. “I hope alcohol does not impair my thinking,” she smiled.
“If it does they may be in big trouble.”
“I am going to burst if I don’t pee.”
“I’ll be right behind you. Now shake that money maker,” Layla laughed.
“Behave.”
Denise crossed the bar and walked into the woman’s bathroom. She found it surprising clean, but the smell of disinfectant was so strong it made her eyes water. What a relief she thought.
Hurry or I’m going to piss my pants, Layla giggled. 
Denise walked back to their table and suggested to the biker at the bar to size her up as she did.
When Layla returned she sat back down just long enough for them to finish their beers. Denise noticed the biker at the bar checking her out and smiled. “Let’s leave slowly,” Denise said. Follow us. You know you want my name and number.
They walked out the door into the fresh hot summer air. By the time they got to the end of the building they heard a voice.
“Excuse me,” the biker said.
Denise and Layla turned to look at him. He had a southern accent, definitely from somewhere further south.
“Excuse me, but I couldn’t help noticing how beautiful you two girls are,” he said. He was directing his words to Denise. She smiled at him, as if she wanted to hear more.
“Would you like to have dinner or see a movie sometime?” he asked, now clearly talking to Denise. His friend opened the door and looked out, a fresh beer in hand, and laughed when he saw him talking to Denise. The door closed with him still in the bar.
“What’s your name?” Denise asked.
“Phil,” he answered. It sounded like he said Feeyull when he did.
“I’m Monica Phil,” Denise said. Phil, I want you to have a seat on the curb with me.
He moved to the curb and sat down.
Smoke em if you got em.
He took out a Marlboro cigarette and lit it up.
Phil, I am going to ask you three questions, is that ok?
“Sure, ask away.”
Please smile when you answer.
“Ok,” he smiled.
Question 1. Are the two creatures you are holding captive still together?
“That one’s easy. Yep.”
You’re doing great. You are so hot.
“I get that from chicks a lot.”
Question 2. Where exactly are the creatures being kept?
“Oh, about 150 miles straight southeast of here, not far from where I grew up, down by the abandoned granary in the lake, do you know where that is?”
No, but I can’t wait for you to show it to me.
“We’re heading back down there tomorrow if you want to tag along, shit, I don’t think Johnny will care.”
Johnny is your friend inside?
“Yeah, he’s he guy inside, but friend? Yeah, I guess he is a friend.”
I love it when you exhale that cigarette smoke.
Phil smiled widely showing too much of his nicotine stained teeth. “Would you like one?”
No, I’m good. Question 3. What time are you leaving for Tennessee and will you be taking the white van?
“You know, that’s really four questions. You see, I can count. Might not be able to write that well, but I can count.”
You’re great with numbers. What time will you be leaving and will you be using the white van?
“We leave as soon as they call, sometime tomorrow I think, usually late in the afternoon, and yes, we are taking the white van, that big ass white van.”
Denise let out a laugh as though she were really enjoying his company.
“Can I buy you and your friend another beer?” Phil asked.
No, but you can stand up, go back inside and buy your friend and yourself another beer. When anyone asks about me just say I was a stuck up bitch not worth wasting time on. You will not remember a thing we discussed. You will not remember my friend or me.
“I can see I’m just wasting time here, shit,” Phil said. He stood up and walked back into the bar.
“Let’s disappear,” Denise said, walking back to the Mustang quickly with Layla.
“I know this sounds crazy, three days in a row and all, but I would love to sit down to a Quattro’s Deep Dish Pizza. I’m starving,” Layla smiled.
“Sounds like a marvelous idea,” Denise smiled back.
What they could not hear when they rounded the corner to head to Quattro’s was Phil inside of PK’s. “Aw, that stuck up bitch was not worth wasting time on. Let’s shoot a game of pool?”

Chapter 13
Quiet Night

Denise and Layla were relaxing in Denise’s trailer after eating. It had been an eventful day for all involved. The days ahead might prove to be much more so.
“I hope you understand why I must try to get this out of the way before we, ahem,” Denise grinned.
“Oh, I do,” Layla whispered in her ear.
“I’m starting to search for vacation spots rather than some rats nest in Tennessee with you nibbling on my ear that way,” she cooed.
“I’m with you baby,” Layla breathed after sliding her tongue into Denise’s ear before moving to the other end of the couch.
“Baby’s on fire,” Denise said.
“Better throw her in the water,” Layla grinned.
Their clothes came flying off and they spent the better part of the next hour in the tub with the shower on.
“We need a much larger tub and shower, don’t you think?” Layla asked when they returned to the living room refreshed and somewhat spent.
“Oh yeah. Now where was I?”
“Rats nest in Tennessee?”
“Oh yeah.”
Denise once again opened Google Earth on her Macbook Pro and searched in the direction the arrow was pointing. “Thanks for the new perspective,” she smiled.
“Don’t mention it. How about an iced tea?”
“I’d love one.”
“Have you searched for Granary in the Lake yet?” Layla asked from the kitchen.
“You think it exists?”
“Baby, south of here ANYTHING is possible.”
Denise keyed in Granary in the Lake, TN. The search brought up nothing.
Layla returned to the couch with their iced tea. “Let me see.”
“See. It just brings up a pack of Inns and historical sites from here to the Atlantic Ocean.”
“Let’s see, how did he put it? I might not be able to write that well but I can count. Try misspelling it.”
Denise tried spelling it a variety of ways with nothing to pinpoint where it was.
“It’s got to be here. This is Tennessee and look at this body of water,” Layla said, pointing to an area the correct distance roughly southeast of Carbondale. “They’re here. It’s got to be in this area here.”
“Is this all part of Kentucky Lake?” Denise wondered.
“More like the Tennessee River. Kentucky Lake was created by a dam back in the Depression Era when they were building stuff to get people back to work.”
“You are quite the walking history book. I like it,” Denise said, kissing her on the cheek.
“Yes, but does it make you horny?”
“Yep. Give me ten minutes, that’s all I ask, ten minutes,” Denise laughed.
She zoomed in a little and more icons for images appeared. A little more and a few more appeared. She let her mouse hover over images that would show the title of the image.
“Untitled, nope.
“Portal to nowhere,” I certainly hope not.
“I think I stepped through it once,” Layla giggled. She turned on the radio.
“Butterfly field. Beautiful,” Denise sighed. “Well, it splits into Paris Tennessee and kind of dead ends there.”
“Keep following the other one.”
“A few tiny islands, historical sites.”
“The area looks kind of remote.”
“Yes, it. HELLO. Thank you Elvis,” Denise grinned. Her mouse hovered over a photo icon titled, Abandoned Granery in the Lake. She clicked on it to reveal just that, an abandoned granary in the water. She clicked on it again, for a larger image, and again for a larger image still.
“Don’t think we are going to find many more of these my dear,” Layla smiled.
“Look at it. It’s obviously been a place of interest for the locals with all the graffiti.”
“They would not be too hard to scare off,” Layla said.
She searched along the landmass on either side of the granary. “Hmm, there is an airport in the neighborhood,” Denise said.
“That MIGHT be a coincidence,” Layla said.
There was a light knock at the door. They each slid on a pair of shorts before answering the door.
“May we have a few minutes of your time?” It was Nola and Trepa.
“Yes, of course, please come in,” Denise said.
“Would you like some tea?” Layla asked.
“Please, have a seat,” Denise said.
“We’d love some tea,” Trepa said after turning her gaze from Nola.
“I wanted to come here and thank you personally for all you have done for us,” Nola said.
“You’re welcome Nola, but they are not back in your arms yet,” Denise smiled.
“Yes. I know. I cannot however ask you to endanger yourself when the time comes for us to retrieve our friends,” Nola said.
“Nola, one way or another, we are following those two biker thugs to their destination using that van,” Denise said.
“And it is NOT negotiable,” Layla added, leaning against the kitchen counter.
“I thought you would say that, which is why I have a gift for you from the entire crew,” Nola said. She took a sip of the tea. “This is delicious,” she smiled at Layla before standing up. “Come.”
Trepa stood up and she and Nola opened the door and stepped outside the trailer. Denise and Layla followed them out the door. The sky was aglow with a deep red setting sun. “Red sky at night, sailor’s delight,” Layla said.
“We wanted you to have this,” Nola said, moving her arm towards an exact replica of Denise’s Mustang, but this one was black with darkened windows. It spotlessly stood there like a Mustang version of the Oldsmobile.
“This one is not going to need keys to start,” Trepa smiled.
“And you will NEVER have to worry about running out of gas as long as you own it,” Nola said.
“Wow. Nola I am deeply touched.” Denise said.
“Might I suggest you start your day tomorrow with this vehicle as our guest?” Nola said.
“You mean I get to drive it up the ramp?” Layla said.
The three others standing outside the trailer laughed.
“Oh. Sorry. Freudian slip,” Layla giggled.
“Yes, you can as long as Denise agrees,” Nola said.
“I think you are the perfect person to take it up the ramp for the first time,” Denise smiled.
They all exchanged hugs.
“Come on, I’ve something very important to show you,” Denise said.
Nola followed her back into the trailer. Trepa showed Layla the basics for operation of the modified Mustang.
“This, is what we believe the creature Feeyull was talking about.” Denise zoomed in on and showed her the image of the abandoned granary. “The area is rather remote. It may be a coincidence, but there is an airfield, right here,” she said, moving over to show her the airport. “I don’t think I have to tell you the implications of that scenario.”
“No. You found this yourself?”
“No, Layla did. I just clicked on a picture in the lake.”
“Well, Vido is going to give a more detailed tutorial tomorrow, but I have the basic hang of it,” Layla said walking back into the trailer.
“Excellent,” Denise said.
“We will be going,” Nola said.
“Do you have a ride?” Layla asked, following them out the door with Denise, obviously wanting to take the new Mustang for a spin.
“Yes,” Trepa said, as the Oldsmobile materialized before their eyes.
“Has that been there all this time?”
“Vido will explain it all in the morning. Goodnight Denise, Layla,” Nola said.
“Goodnight,” Denise and Layla chimed.
“Quiet night,” Trepa said before getting in on the passenger side.
Quiet night. What a nice thing to say.
“Quiet night,” Denise and Layla said.
The Oldsmobile pulled out of the long driveway and turned right heading north on Highway 51.
“Shall we?” Layla beamed.
“Quiet night? Denise giggled.
“Maybe not that quiet,” Layla said, taking Denise by the hand leading her back into the trailer.

Chapter 14
Waiting

The original Mustang cruised north on Highway 51 heading into town. “Thanks for letting me drive,” Denise giggled.
“Well is it your car,” Layla huffed before laughing out loud.
“I think you are going to get your fill of driving if there is such a thing.”
“I hope so. The new ride is a mysterious dream.”
“Who knows what this day will bring? Nola said she can still hear one of them snoring inside,” Denise said.
“Really? Did she call it snoring?”
“No. Intense audio rhythmic breathing,” Denise grinned.
“Perhaps she was right when she said they were literally on top of them when they monitored the call Johnny took saying they were not to move until late afternoon.”
“That gives us plenty of time for biscuits and gravy,” Denise said.
“Love Mary Lou’s.”
“Then I want to pick up a few new bats for the new ride.”
“Oh yeah.”
Breakfast was the usual ‘keep you feeling fed most of the day’ feast at Mary Lou’s. Afterward, they headed over to Dick’s Sporting Goods.
“Since we are heading south, these Louisville Sluggers will do just fine,” Layla grinned, gripping a black bat in her hands.
“You’re the bat expert, let’s grab four of them,” Denise said.
“Four?”
“Two for each Mustang. I never put them in the trunk yet because I lied. I never purchased any, and I know you have two in your trunk already so,” Denise said softly, rolling her eyes.
“Are you ok? Your eyes are rolling back in your head,” Layla laughed.
“Here, give me two of those to carry.”
The Mustang cruised south on Highway 51 heading back to Denise’s trailer.
“I think we should pack for a few days, just in case,” Denise said.
“Excellent idea. Please stop at my place first.”
“Ok.”
Nola had informed Denise and Layla that Johnny had taken another call informing them that it would definitely be today and to get loaded up so they were ready to move when they got the call.
Back at Denise’s trailer they had just finished packing a few basics for an overnight stay, extra clothes, shoes and toiletries.
“I like that top you’re almost wearing,” Denise giggled.
“What a sweet thing to say.”
“Come here, look at this.”
“Ok. I have a feeling we will be getting a closer aerial view of that later,” Layla smiled.
“Yes I suppo.” Denise stopped in mid sentence being suddenly bombarded by images of a struggle between Myla and two men. 
..la b..ng …en now. It was unmistakably the voice of Aren. Noooooo.
Silence. No images. No sounds.
“Something really bad has happened,” Denise said, her voice shaking.
Nola.
Denise.
Do you have anyone in the area south of here?
Not at the moment, but they could be very shortly.
Yes, yes, as soon as possible.
She explained what she had just seen and heard to Nola. There was no answer from her for a few minutes.
Denise, I, she started only to be stopped in mid sentence.
Nola, we are not waiting for these two biker fucks, pardon my Earthling potty mouth, to lead us where I am convinced we are going.
Denise.
Layla and I are leaving now for the granary area in the new Mustang.
Be careful.
We will be.
Layla was already loading up a cooler with water, juice and a few snacks when Denise walked out to the car and put what she was carrying on the ground. Layla walked out behind her carrying the cooler. Denise looked at her frustrated. “Do you know how to open the trunk?”
“You’re going to love this,” Layla smiled.
“I yam?” Denise squinted.
“You simply place any part of your hand on the trunk and think or say, trunk open. Give it a try.”
Denise did what she instructed and the trunk hissed as if hermetically sealed and opened slowly. “That I like.” She closed it by thinking it closed.
“We should be going.
The trunk opened again after Denise simply willed it to open mentally. “That I like better.”
“Show off.”
They finished loading up the trunk with bats and bags full of clothes. The cooler went in the back seat.
“Well, she’s all yours,” Denise said, letting her sunglasses drop on to her nose. As she walked around the car to the passenger side the doors opened. “Ooh, that new car smell.”
“Oh yes,” Layla smiled.
When they were both inside the doors closed as if they were now hermetically sealed inside.
“You know how to get there?”
“Yep. Roughly 135 miles and normally about a two and a half hour trip, but in this baby, we should be there much sooner.”
“Make it so.”

Chapter 15
New Mustang

Layla piloted the New Mustang south on Highway 148 right past the area where the two bikers awaited their instructions.
“Let’s make some time,” Layla said.
Nola can you see us?
Denise. Yes.
Layla touched a control that put the vehicle in stealth mode.
Nola can you see us now?
Yes, but we designed it that way. It is highly unlikely anyone else can yet.
“Hit it,” Denise grinned.
In no time they traveled the nine miles that took them to I-57 south where they really made time. They would watch as some drivers looked surprised when the gush of air from the Mustang flying past them could be felt but the reason could not be seen.
“I am really impressed with your driving abilities,” Denise said.
“Aw, thanks, but it’s nothing really.”
“How fast are you going at the moment?
“Only 220 m.p.h. It’s starting to get a little crowded.”
“What are all of these for?” Denise asked, pointing to an array of controls under a panel she pushed aside.
“I was told we should absolutely NOT touch any of those until we receive the full tutorial on what this baby can do.”
“Glad I asked. Wouldn’t want to wind up in orbit at an inopportune moment,” Denise giggled.
“That might be embarrassing.”
They had just gotten onto I-24 east when Denise heard from Nola again.
Denise.
Nola.
The two men are loading a large container into the van.
How large?
By your measurements 84 x 48 x 36 inches.
Let us know when they are on the move.
I shall.
“Do you think those two biker delights are being well paid for what they are doing?”
“Well enough by their standards,” Layla said.
Denise explained to Layla what she had seen and heard earlier. “What do you make of it?”
“I did not want to say until you asked me, but I get the distinct impression that crate is needed to transport one of them. It seems too small for both of them, but where to? Your guess is as good as mine on that one.”
Layla put on a CD she titled Cruising Mix hoping it would brighten the mood. Denise had been quiet for the past ten minutes staring at Google Maps on her iPhone. She could read the concern on her face because of what she saw and heard earlier.
“Oh look. Paducah is that way,” Denise said seeming to snap out of it.
“Nice town. Good town for the arts,” Layla said.
“We must go some day.”
“We can,” Layla laughed.
“They have a television station there we get,” Denise laughed.
“Ha. Yes they do.”
“I wonder if it can fly,” Layla giggled as they zipped past a Kentucky State Trooper parked in the middle of the highway traveling more than 150 m.p.h.
“I would not rule it out,” Denise said. The country sure gets thicker with foliage the further one travels south doesn’t it?”
“Yes. It is going to be thick as a brick where we are going.”
“I hope so.”
Layla had to slow down on the final leg when they hit the two lane sections of highway. “It’s going to be like this the rest of the way, I’m sure,” she said.
“You’ve made marvelous time.”
Layla pulled over onto the shoulder to get her bearings. “May I see your map?”
“No, get your own.”
“Ok, well I think I saw a gas station about 50 miles back,” Layla said.
Denise handed her iPhone to her.
“You said you wanted to get on the other side of the river where the airport is yes?”
“Yes.”
“Then we’ll need to cross it here, and then it’s going to get hairy. We’ll be in an area where everybody knows everybody else and this car obviously ain’t uh one uh them.”
“We’ll use our female charm.”
“Oh, I can’t wait to see this.”
Denise.
Nola.
Layla is to be commended for her masterful piloting skills in your new vehicle.
“She says you’re a good pilot,” Denise said.
“Who?”
“Nola.”
“Thanks.”
I told her. She said thanks.
Senn and Mari have you in sight.
That is nice to know.
The van is moving. It left ten minutes ago.
In what direction, Denise said just as Layla pointed to a sign that said Paris Landing Bridge.
It appears they are coming to you.

Chapter 16
Other Side

Denise opened a cold bottle of water and handed it to Layla as they approached the Paris Landing Bridge. “Do you think they built this one when the other one collapsed?” she asked.
“I don’t think so.”
“We can’t be from Southern Illinois if anyone asks.”
“I know. We can say we are from my home town of Danville on our way to see your brother in Memphis and the granary was on a list of cool photo opportunities along the way.”
“I’ve never been to Memphis.”
“It’s a very cool place. Did you know Elvis lived there?”
“Yes, and they have a Pyramid.”
“Yes they do,” Layla laughed shaking her head.
After crossing the bridge they zigzagged down TVA road heading towards the granary. Denise thought it was more like they were being pulled to the partially submerged old structure. The entire area looked like one of painful recent pasts for too many. The collapsed bridge near McKinnon seemed to invite them out onto the water. She could not stop wondering where exactly Phil and Johnny were heading with that crate in the van. They’re coming here but where exactly? 
“My take is that they’ve been separated, that Myla might already be gone or that crate is for one or both of them,” Denise said.
That is too many if’s,” Layla said.
“How long will it take our biker boys to get here? I can only assume they will want to stay at or under the legal speed limit so they do not attract any attention.”
“Less than two hours.”
“This area looks a lot like Southern Illinois,” Denise said.
“Don’t let looks fool you. Imagine we are trespassers until proven otherwise. Another hour’s drive and we’d be in Mississippi and believe me when I tell you, that crossing that imaginary line that divides states between Tennessee and it dumps you in the middle of another world all together.”
“Really?”
“I’ll show you when we make it to Memphis one day. A short drive just a few miles up the highway and you cross over into Mississippi, greeted immediately by the confederate flag on the state sign. As a matter of fact they are everywhere.”
“Really, after all this time?”
“Yes. It is obvious you are not from there. It’s really freaky. Like invasion of the body snatchers for all the wrong reasons,” Layla laughed.
“I can hardly wait. I bet the Pyramid is nice though.”
“Memphis is very nice,” Layla smiled.
When they passed Hurricane Creek, two men on large motorcycles came out of one of the small gravel roads that led from where they were driving back out to the river. They turned onto the highway in front of them heading in their direction.
“Coincidence?” Denise asked.
“Lots of bikes in the south. Let’s see where they are going. Layla turned the stealth mode back on and followed them.
The bikers turned down Airport Road when they got to it and Layla followed slowly. “This is not the road to the airport only, it’s also the road to the runway,” Layla said.
“Well I’m not going to watch them until the van gets down here. Mari.
Denise.
Can you see these two men on bikes at the airstrip?
Yes.
Please let me know what they do. I believe they are meeting someone here.
We will. Denise.
Yes.
There are two more male humans that could fit the description of all we follow that have appeared atop the granary in the last few minutes.
Thank you Mari.
Denise.
Yes?
Be careful.
We will.
“Let’s get out of here. Mari has these guys covered.”
“Ok, where to?” Layla asked.
“Here,” she said, pointing to her iPhone. “We’re going to rent a boat.”

Chapter 17
Female Charm

“So let me get this straight,” Layla said slowly making her approach to the Cane Creek Boat Dock. “We are going to just walk up and ask someone if they would rent us their boat for about an hour or two?”
“Yep,” Denise grinned.
“Female charm?”
“Yep.”
Layla pulled up near the Boat Dock and turned the car off.
“Think it will be ok here for a bit?” Denise asked.
“Yes. That I was shown how to do,” Layla smiled.
“Bring your camera bag.”
“Got it.”
“Hi,” Layla smiled, walking towards a middle-age male getting off his boat. “Are we okay parked over there?” she asked pointing at the Mustang.
“All depends,” the man said.
Denise could see the airstrip across the inlet. Although she could not see it with all the trees in the way, she knew the granary was out there off to the left. It seemed to be screaming for her presence.
“Is there any boat rental in this immediate area?” Layla asked.
We are so sweet, innocent and honest, Denise suggested.
“Naw, nothing right here. There are a few places over on the other side of the lake.”
“Oh, that would probably take too much time, thanks anyway,” Layla smiled.
Ask her why we wanted a boat.
“What did you need a boat for?”
“We’re from Danville, Danville Illinois,” Layla said, pouring on the charm with just enough of a touch of southern in her voice. “We’re on our way to Memphis to visit her brother, and this place was on the list of amazing photo opportunities. I’m a photographer as a hobby.”
“Well there ain’t much that is amazing around this dock that’s for sure,” the man laughed.
“It’s out on the lake,” Denise smiled. “The granary.”
“Oh that thing. Yeah well it usually attracts the wrong kind of folk. Think there is somebody out on it now planning on removing it or something.”
“I just wanted to get some nice images of it before it’s gone. Probably not another thing like it in the world,” Layla said.
She is so sweet. You don’t want her to have wasted the trip here.
“Well, I’d run you out there myself, but I need to go pick up the wife from her doctors appointment. Have you ever driven a boat?”
“Oh yes. Danville is a sportsman’s paradise. Learned how to drive a boat before a car,” Layla laughed. I really did by the way.
I wish I could have seen it.
“Well, I guess we better get going,” Denise sighed. “Don’t think we are going to be able to put some cash in anyone’s hands just to get out there and snap a few pictures.”
Cash. We are offering you plenty of cash for the use of your boat.
“Yeah, I guess you’re right. It was a pleasure talking with you,” Layla smiled. “Would you mind if I take your picture?”
“Naw, not at all. Can’t imagine why you’d want a picture of me,” the man laughed.
“Thanks,” Layla said after snapping a few images of him by the boat.
“Girls, you look like a couple of honest folk. I could let you use this boat to get out there to take your pictures.”
“Really? You’d be well paid,” Denise smiled.
“Aw I’m not that concerned about money.”
“Would five hundred dollars be enough to use it for about an hour?” Layla asked.
“Fi, five hundred dollars? Naw, that there is way too much,” the man laughed.
“Tell you what. Consider it a small gift for your kindness,” Denise said.
“Aw, I couldn’t.”
It would make us both so happy if you accepted. Buy something nice for your wife.
“It’s nothing to us but money,” Layla said.
“Alright. I can see I ain’t gonna win this argument,” he laughed.
“That is so sweet. I’m Loni, and this is Diane,” Layla said.
“Henry, Henry Waters. It’s a pleasure to make your acquaintance.”
Denise handed him five hundred dollars in fresh new bills. Henry handed Layla the keys and pointed out a few things on the boat. “She’s got a full tank, not that you’ll need it. Just head that way about a mile and you can’t miss it,” Henry said.
He stayed around just long enough to see if Layla could handle the boat. When it was obvious she could, he walked over to his truck and drove off to pick up his wife, as the ‘Sweet Thing’ slowly glided across the water with Layla at the steering wheel heading straight for the granary.

Chapter 18
Granary Boys

The outboard motor on the boat purred as Layla steered it towards the granary. “None of the images online show this view,” Layla said. 
“No they don’t. We should have brought our bats,” Denise said.
They could see no one on it. “Here, get the feel for it just in case,” Layla said, bringing it to a stop.
“I suppose you’re right.” Denise sat in the pilot’s seat and Layla slid the controls forward.
“Steers like a car mostly.”
“Yeah it’s smooth.”
“I’m going to start snapping a few images. I have a feeling we’re being watched.”
“How do I stop?”
“Just pull back on those.”
“Got it.”
Denise pulled back on the handles and the boat came to a stop. “Take a few images of me with that in the background. Don’t look now, but what looks like a cargo plane has just landed at the airstrip.”
“Here,” Layla said handing her the camera with the telephoto lens on it. “Make like your snapping an image of me and see if that’s what they’ve been waiting for.”
Denise braced the camera between her knees and zoomed in to see the two bikers waving to the plane.
“Affirmative,” Denise said, handing the camera back to Layla.
Nola.
Denise.
We are going to attempt to board the granary. How far away is the van?
Not far. Approximately fifteen minutes.
Be ready for anything.
Denise, be careful.
Yep.
Layla continued to snap images of the structure as Denise steered straight for it now at a slightly faster pace. She killed the engine with ample room to coast to a safe stop. “Showtime,” Denise said.
Layla grabbed the rope and tied the boat up to the side of the granary.
“Isn’t this just too incredible,” Layla shouted as if excited.
“Oh it is. I’ve never seen anything like it.”
“Come on, it looks strong enough. Let’s get on it.”
“Hold it right there girls,” one of the men on the granary said as he stepped out of the shadows of an open dark doorway.
“Hi. Wow. Never expected to find anyone out on this thing,” Layla said.
“This here’s private property, whatcha want?”
“Oh, well, we just wanted to take some pictures of this before it is gone. Probably not another one like it in the whole world,” Denise smiled. That was a sexy smile but you really like her.
“Look, I can’t let y’all on here.”
“We’ll be gone in ten minutes or less. Won’t you please just let us snap some pictures before we get back on our way to Memphis?” Layla asked.
I know you’re there watching us. Come out and say hello.
“Larry, come here a minute.” The gruff voice came from inside shadows.
“Wait right here a minute,” Larry said. He walked back through the darkened doorway. They were both visible now, darkly lit but visible.
“Well, I guess if we can’t get on to take some pictures, we just can’t get on,” Layla said loud enough for the two men to hear.
“Some is better than none. Maybe we should be going?”
This time both of the men walked out. “Ok, you’ve got five minutes and that’s it,” Larry said.
“Well that’s all we’ll need,” Denise said.
“You have to stay outside or on this level. The roof is too dangerous,” the other man said.
“That’s Joe. He’s kinda in charge at the moment,” Larry said.
“Must be a popular place with all this graffiti and all,” Layla smiled.
“Yeah, kids like to come out here and get high and what not.”
“You girls said you’re heading down to Memphis?” Joe asked.
“Yes, to see my brother,” Denise said.
Aren. Myla. Can you hear me?
“Is it ok for me to take your picture?” Layla asked Larry.
“Sure,” Larry said, crossing his arms. When he did Layla saw the pistol tucked in his belt. He noticed her look at it. “Oh this. We’re security guards.”
They walked quickly through the darkened interior. “It really stinks in here, no offense,” Layla coughed.
The floor had dirty old mattresses strewn about along with broken glass from countless bottles slammed against the walls.
“Whew. I have got to get out into the fresh air,” Denise gagged.
“Yeah, it’s pretty nasty in here I guess,” Larry laughed.
“How deep does this thing go down into the lake?” Layla asked.
Myla. Aren. This is Denizen. We are at the granary in the lake.
“Not very deep. It’s all submerged though,” Joe said.
“Well, I guess we’ll be going,” Layla said.
Myla. Aren. This is, Denise said before she was cut off.
Denizen. I am Myla. I am no longer there. Aren is sedated on the upper level.
Myla. Where are you?
I do not know. We are in a flying machine.
“Yeah. I guess we should be going. It was so nice of you two big strong men to let us take our photos. I wish there was some way we could pay you back before we left,” Denise said.
Layla looked at her with a shocked expression. Aren is upstairs. Nola. Where are you? Aren is upstairs.
Denise. The van is turning onto the road to the airstrip.
Aren is here. Myla is on a plane somewhere. Give me five minutes before you act.
Denise be careful.
“Are you sure there is nothing we can do for you both to show our appreciation?” Layla smiled.
Larry looked at Joe. “Whatcha think homeboy?” he asked.
You both want us so bad. You’ve been cooped up here on this hot wreck so long. Denise said, directing her thoughts at the two men and Nola.
“Just what did you have in mind?” Joe asked.
“Whatever you like,” Layla said.
Strip down to your shorts, Denise said. 
Larry and Joe removed their t-shirts and tossed them on the ground.
You are doing just great. Now take those pants off and throw them in the water. You’re both so strong and sexy.
Denise.
Nola.
They have all met up. The crate is being loaded into the plane.
“Can you boys swim?” Denise asked.
“Everybody growing up around these parts can swim,” Larry grinned.
“Which one of you is faster?” Layla asked.
“That would be me,” Joe chuckled.
Listen to her closely and do exactly as she says.
“Let me see you race to that bridge and back,” Layla said.
“When?”
“On the count of three. Oh by the way, the winner gets me,” she winked at Larry.
Do it boys. Swim as hard as you can. The winner gets her.
“One. Two. Three,” Layla shouted.
Larry and Joe dove into the water and raced towards the collapsed bridge.
“Come on, we’ve got to hurry. The van is here,” Denise said.
“The ladder,” Layla shouted. She climbed the ladder up into the second floor where a body lay on a filthy mattress. “Stay down there. He’s unconscious. I’ll slide him down to you.”
“Can you handle it alone?” Denise shouted. She saw a pair of bare feet appear through the opening in the floor. Layla pushed a little harder until his torso was at the ladder. “Grab his legs and take it slow. Denise wrapped one arm around his legs and moved down another rung on the ladder. When she did his face appeared out of the darkness, bloody and dirty, but clearly Aren.
“Can you just hold him in place til I get down?” Layla asked.
“Yes but you can’t get down the ladder with him on it.”
“I wasn’t planning on it,” she said before she swung herself out away from the ladder, landing on the floor beneath Denise still standing on her feet. “Kickboxing,” she laughed.
“I am impressed.”
Together they lowered Aren down to the main level, then carried him slowly out to the boat.
Nola.
Denise. Her voice quivered.
We have him in the boat. He’s alive.

Chapter 19
Sweet Thing

Layla steered the Sweet Thing for shore. Denise grabbed an empty plastic container from the floor of the boat and reached over the end to fill it with some water. She poured the water over Aren’s face. He let out a moan.
Denise. 
Nola.
There is another boat speeding your way. Mari saw where it originated from.
Denise turned to see a larger undoubtedly faster boat speeding towards them. “Layla, we got company. Let’s see what Sweet Thing can do.”
Layla turned to see the approaching boat. “Oh shit.” She pushed the throttle forward causing the boat to lurch forward.
The muffled crack of gunfire could be heard over the purr of the boat engine. “Where did that come from?” Layla shouted.
“Not sure. Whoever it was I think we’re still too far away.”
The rapidly approaching boat roared by Larry and Joe swimming in the water. “You fucking idiots,” they heard someone shout at them as it passed. “Hey, we’re in the middle of a race here asshole,” Larry shouted back.
Nola. We are being fired upon.
I’m on it. The voice was Mari’s.
CRACK. Another shot, this one landing in the water in front of them.
Layla weaved the boat through the water trying to make them a more difficult target.
CRACK. Another shot. This one hit the front of the boat.
Mari.
“Keep your head down Layla,” Denise shouted.
CRACK. They could not tell where that one landed. “Look,” Layla shouted. One of the shuttle vehicles appeared over the airfield. The bikers and aircrew on the ground started firing at it. Denise watched as the ripple of some sort of energy pulsed out of the shuttle sending everything beneath it flying in every direction. The C47 burst into thousands of smaller pieces. It did not explode, it simply burst.
Good show Mari. Now about this boat.
Oh I’ve got them. It was Nola.
Aren opened his eyes to see Denise in profile watching the approaching boat. “Duck,” she shouted as she saw the muzzle flash. The Sweet Thing was sprayed with a half dozen bullets.
“Are you ok?” Denise shouted.
“Yes but this is the longest mile I have ever been on in my life,” Layla said.
Denise looked down to see two dark blue eyes looking at her. “Aren. You’re going to be okay.”
“Denizen?”
“I am Denizen.”
Layla roared the engine into reverse as it quickly coasted and slammed into the dock.
Denise turned back to see the boat that had been chasing them was now a splintered wreck in the water, its occupants nowhere to be seen.
Good show Nola.
Denise. Mari will collect you and the Mustang just before the Airport Road on Highway 574.
Got it.
“We’re getting a lift,” Denise grunted as they carried Aren, his arms around each of their shoulders, feet stumbling trying to function. The doors to the Mustang were open before they got to it. Denise pushed the passenger seat forward and hopped in the back seat, pulling Aren inside as Layla pushed and lifted his legs. “The Oldsmobile might have been more appropriate for making a quick getaway with a body,” Denise groaned as she squeezed by Aren back out the door and into the passenger seat. “Get us out of here.”
“My pleasure.”
Layla started the car and sped out of the parking area to the shocked expressions of a few residents.
“Mari is going to pick us up just before Airport Road on Highway 574.”
“This is 574 coming up,” Layla said. She threw the car into stealth mode when she turned off the small road they were on.
The Mustang flew down the highway.
“You need to slow down considerably to board,” Denise said.
“Affirmative,” Layla smiled at her. “Any more of that cold water left?”
Denise reached back to grab a bottle of water. “Still cold baby.”
“You were pretty magnificent today,” Layla said.
“Me? You did all the heavy lifting,” Denise laughed.
Aren groaned from the back seat.
Myla. We have Aren. He is safe. You will be next. Be strong.
She did not receive an answer.
“There it is,” Denise said.
The shuttle materialized above the road directly in front of them. Layla slowed to the perfect speed and drove up the ramp that closed behind them as the shuttle vanished from view.

Chapter 20
Healing

Denise and Layla enjoyed a pizza in her quarters aboard the Tyrine. “They make an excellent pizza up here,” she said.
“I did not realize we had not eaten since Mary Lou’s,” Layla said.
“Yes. It’s a good thing we got the most important meal of the day in there.”
“How is your leg?”
“It’s going to show a mark,” Denise giggled, lowering her capri pants to reveal a large bruise on her outer left thigh.
“May I enter?” the voice of Trepa softly announced.
“Yes,” Denise replied.
Trepa could not help but notice the large bruise on Denise’s leg as she squinted while trying to pull her capris back up. “You are injured?”
“It’s just a bruise. I’ll survive.”
“Please allow us to treat your injury. Layla, you have injuries as well.”
“Just a few scratches, I’ll be okay.”
“How is Aren?” Denise asked.
“Aren will make a full recovery.” Trepa continued to move her eyes from their injuries back to eye contact with them. “Please, won’t you let us tend to your injuries?”
“You win,” Denise said.
“Lead the way,” Layla smiled.
Trepa led them to a section of the ship they had never been to before. The large space was obviously an infirmary. “Please,” Trepa said softly as she guided both of them to their own bed. A male walked into the room and smiled at Trepa, the two of them having made some mental connection.
“Denise. It is a pleasure to finally meet you,” the male said. “I am Suar and was away during your previous visits.”
“Suar is the dytoj on the Tyrine,” Trepa said.
“Let me guess, you’re the doctor?” Denise said.
“Yes Denise, that is correct, Suar smiled.
“If you would be so kind as to disrobe,” Trepa said, before she started for the door.
“No hospital gowns, sweet,” Layla said before removing her soiled clothing, stripping down to her thong.
Oooh baby, Denise thought. She did the same, stripping down to her thong.
“Please lie back and relax. This will check for internal injuries,” Suar said. The flat device the width of the bed hovered over Denise giving a readout that Suar could see on the device he held in his hands. A similar device began its scan over Layla as well.
“Am I going to make it doc?” Denise grinned.
“You have no serious internal trauma I am happy to say.” He walked over to a wall where a section vanished showing shelves. He walked back over to Denise first, activated the device he had returned with and asked her to remain still during the treatment. The device hovered over her nasty bruise.
He returned with another device he slowly moved over Layla’s cuts and scrapes. Within minutes there was no sign she had been injured.
“How sweet. No scabs,” Layla laughed.
Trepa returned with some clean clothes that looked exactly like the soiled clothing they had been wearing. “There is a shower just through that doorway,” she said, as one appeared on the far wall.
“Great,” Layla said before sliding off the bed and heading for the shower. Why don’t you join me if you finish in time?
Ha.
“I don’t see Aren, is this the only infirmary on your ship?” Denise asked.
“Aren is healing in his quarters,” Trepa said.
“How does that feel now?” Suar asked.
“Great. Good as new,” Denise smiled.
Suar returned the device to the compartment in the wall and it closed behind him.
“Goodnight Denise,” Suar said before walking out the door.
“That is some shower,” Layla said coming through the doorway wrapped in a towel.
“Nola has asked the both of you to join her for dinner in her quarters if you feel up to it,” Trepa said.
“Sure,” Denise said.
“You know your way back to your quarters. Someone will come for you there.”
“Trepa.”
“Yes Layla?”
“Thank you.”
Trepa smiled and left the room.
“My turn.”
“You know if the one in your room is like that one we may need another shower later on,” Layla grinned.
“That good huh?”
“You’ll see what I mean,” Layla winked.

Chapter 21
Thank You

Mari announced herself at Denise’s door.
“Come in, please,” Denise answered.
“Hello Denise, Layla.”
“Are you our guide to dinner?” Layla asked.
“Yes.”
“We’re ready,” Denise smiled.
They followed her to yet another area of the ship that had previously been designated temporarily off limits.
“You both performed magnificently today. I am honored to be in your presence,” Mari said.
“As did you,” Denise said.
“Thanks for your help saving our butts,” Layla said.
“Thank you.”
Mari stopped at a doorway. Denise could tell she was announcing herself mentally.
The doorway shimmered away revealing a larger quarters where they were greeted by Nola. She appeared stronger, more sure of herself, less stressed.
“Come in, please,” Nola said.
“I like your hair that way,” Denise smiled.
Nola smiled and took one of each of their hands in hers. “I’m going to get this out of the way. Thank you.”
“You are most welcome,” Denise said.
“Likewise,” Layla said.
“My hair? I’d say thank you again but I would not want to risk it,” she said, remembering what Denise had told her about holding off on the thank you’s.
“Nola I can’t ask you to not be yourself. You can say thank you as much as you like,” Denise smiled.
“Thank you. Come, have a seat.” She directed them to a dining area where dinner was already laid out.
“I’m happy things worked out and we’ve been able to retrieve one of your loved ones,” Denise said.
“You would both make magnificent additions to our crew. We are all in awe of the way you have handled everything since our paths have crossed.”
“One down and one to go,” Layla said. “This is really delicious, what is this?”
“It is a cajab, a vegetable from our world.”
“And this, let me guess, it is a fruit?” Denise asked holding up a pale green morsel.
“Correct. It is a wabrat, perhaps the closest fruit on our world to your strawberry.”
“I think it is much sweeter,” Denise giggled. “Really, you must try one,” she motioned to Layla.
“Shall we,” Nola motioned when they had had enough to eat. Denise and Layla sat down together on a couch. “We are on your news after what happened today.”
“Really? Are WE on the news?” Denise asked.
“No. None of us or our vessels.”
“Let me guess, bizarre accounts that are just about totally inaccurate,” Layla laughed.
“Yes. Someone did come forward with a very blurry image of Mari coming to our aid over the air field,” Nola said.
“Nola. I am deeply concerned about Myla. I am getting nothing from her since earlier today. I have a feeling she may be in the hands of people that will be much harder to penetrate than those we have dealt with so far,” Denise said.
“Go on.”
“I think that what she is trying to say is that those who hold her captive now are far more sophisticated with many more resources at their disposal,” Layla said.
“But who and where is an unknown. If they want something from you in exchange for Myla, technology, whatever, they must be pretty confident they are going to be able to reach you to negotiate,” Denise said.
Nola listened intently.
“I think we can expect them to be far more ruthless, and willing to risk much to get what they believe you might have,” Layla said.
“Your words echo what Aren has already told me. The reason he was beaten and tortured is because he had to remain silent, remain silent or tell them the truth,” Nola said turning her head to look away.
“Is Myla being treated the same?” Denise asked.
“She was,” Nola said.
“How were they captured?”
“When he is healed I will let Aren give you the details.”
Denise changed the subject away from the bleak prospect of finding and rescuing Myla, discussing the similarities between their species. Layla had questions about lovemaking. Denise was curious about humor and comedy on her world. It was a joyous communion until Denise was knocked nearly to the floor with a vision of Myla. She was violently thrown against a wall and beaten when she was down. The words were barely audible as the images of Myla faded to black. Denizen. Texas.
“Denise, baby are you okay?” Layla asked helping her back onto the couch.
“Nola,” Denise started, her words barely audible over her heavy breathing. “I think Myla is in Texas.”
Layla saw that Nola was communicating with someone. After a brief moment the doors to her quarters opened. Kinsa and Mari were back to help Denise back to her quarters. When they were certain both she and Layla were settled comfortably for the night, Mari returned to Nola’s quarters.
“Focus our efforts on this area,” Nola said, pointing to a map. “They call it Texas.”

Chapter 22
Plan And A Gift

Denise awoke to the sound of soft moans in her head. Coming out of a deep sleep she could not tell at first if it was she, or Layla lying next to her. “Myla,” she said softly. Myla it is Denizen. The moans continued. “Am I still connected to her somehow since last night?” she asked herself as she walked into the bathroom. Could she have been unconscious all this time? Myla.
Wh, who -re you?
Myla I am Denizen.
Denzn. Yes.
Myla we are going to find you.
Yes. Texas. Den.
Texas. I hear you. We will find you.
Nothing more. “Those fucking rat bastards who did this to her,” she half shouted as the toilet then sink disappeared. It was loud enough to stir Layla from her slumber.
“You ok?” Layla asked.
“Yeah. Just another short Myla connection. Nothing new, but I am so fucking pissed off at whoever is doing this to her.”
“What time is it?”
“So easy to get a peaceful nights rest in space, but it’s hard to tell what time it is,” Denise said. She walked over to her bag and turned on her iPhone. “Thank you Apple Computer. It is almost six in the morning Carbondale time.”
“What would you like to do today?”
“What I want to do today I will not ask you to come along for.”
“And what might that be?” Layla asked.
“I could use some coffee. How about you?”
“Sure. Give me a minute in the bathroom and let’s go find a cup.”
Layla finished and joined Denise in donning the clean clothes provided by Trepa before they walked down to the dining area. They had been shown how to order up their own meals and beverages. “You want to try?” Denise smiled.
“Sure. Two coffees, large, hot, little cream and sugar.”
“Very good.”
“Not bad at all.”
“Tastes like restaurant coffee. Ever wonder why restaurant coffee is always delish?”
“Yes I have.”
They moved to a table and sat down.
“Back in the room, you were saying?” Layla asked.
“Yes, well, for starters, I want to pay old Henry for the damage done to Sweet Thing. I don’t think the $500.00 we gave him is going to cover it.”
“I was thinking the same thing.”
“There’s more. Remember that side road those two bikers came out of that we followed to the airfield?”
“I do.”
“Well, that road leads to the somewhat secluded complex the boat came from that chased us to shore.”
“I follow you,” Layla said before taking another long sip of her coffee.
“I want to go there. The connection to where Myla has been taken is there. I’ll take my own hostage for questioning if I must but the key is there.”
“And why would you not want me along?”
“For what should be obvious reasons. It will be dangerous. If anyone is even there, his or her guard will be up after yesterday. They had their asses kicked in seconds and are probably wondering if we are coming for them.”
“Payback paranoia.”
“Yes.”
“Well if you go I am simply going to follow you,” Layla said. “I’m going to have another cup, would you like another?”
“Yes I would.”
After Layla was seated across from Denise with two more coffees Mari walked in. “Good morning.”
“Good morning Mari,” they both said.
“I’ll have what they are having,” Mari said. “May I join you?”
“Please do,” Denise said.
“I hope you are feeling better this morning.”
“I’m good. Mari, I’d like to ask you something,” Denise said.
“Of course.”
“You know the complex the boat that attacked us launched from?”
“Yes.”
“How difficult would it be to get us near it undetected, without the Mustang?”
“It can be accomplished with ease, why do you ask?”
“We are going to pay them a visit in hopes of obtaining any information that might help us find Myla,” Layla said. I guess our previous discussion is settled.
Okay, you’re coming along.
Trepa entered the room. “Good morning everyone.”
“Good morning,” all three said.
“I think I am going to have a morning meal. Biscuits and gravy sounds good. Would you like some?”
“Yes, please,” Denise said.
“Count me in,” Layla smiled.
They turned to look at Mari. “Make that three,” she said.
“Wonderful,” Trepa said.
Over breakfast they told Trepa of their plans to return to the scene of the crime.
“I will consult with Nola for final approval of course. How is your breakfast?” Trepa asked after hearing a few quiet ‘it’s delicious’ moans emanate from Denise, Layla and Mari.
“As delish as those made with 100% love back in Carbondale,” Denise giggled.
“Great,” Layla said.
“It is a taste I could easily get used to,” Mari smiled, “especially alongside a delicious cup of coffee.”
“Yes. The coffee is a must,” Trepa said.
“May I ask a question?” Denise asked.
“Yes,” Trepa said.
“Who cleans the dirty dishes?”
Mari laughed. “Apologies.”
“No K.P. huh?” Layla said.
“It is a system that recycles them into sterile clean utensils,” Trepa said.
“Fascinating,” Denise said.
“I must be going, much to do,” Mari said excusing herself from the table.
Trepa followed her but not before helping clean the table.
“Alone again,” Layla smiled.
“How about a latte for the road?”
“Sure.”
They returned to Denise’s quarters. Nearly an hour passed before Cyn was at the door. “Nola requests your presence.”
They both slid off the bed and pulled themselves together before following Cyn back to yet another part of the ship they had not had access to. The door opened to a large room, an obvious work area, in all likelihood the very space where the Mustang was created. Standing near a far wall was Nola and Artand, still dressed in a black suit.
“Good morning,” Nola said.
“Hello and good morning to you.” Denise and Layla said. Denise thought her cheeks had more color than they’d had in the past. Probably just from having Aren back and safe, she thought to herself.
“I have been in discussion with Mari and Trepa about your plans. They, no, WE want to do all we can to help. Artand.”
“From the measurements given me by Trepa, we have fashioned suits for you to wear,” Artand said. A door on the wall shimmered open to reveal two black suits that did not look too unlike what Artand and company were wearing the first time Denise and Layla saw them in the Student Center.
“Basic black. Nice, but won’t they make us stand out in the remote reaches of Tennessee?” Layla asked.
“Quite the contrary,” Artand said. When he was certain he had their attention, he vanished from sight.
“Magic?” Denise smiled.
“The suits afford you the ability of stealth.” The voice was Artand’s coming from behind them now.
“I am impressed once again,” Denise said.
Artand reappeared standing next to Nola.
“Hopefully these will give you an advantage today,” Nola said.
“Thank you.”
“Oh yeah,” Layla laughed.
“I suggest you meet with Mari and Senn to coordinate your plans. Cyn will be in a second craft if needed with Vido.”
“Lead the way,” Denise said.
Cyn led them back to the conference room where everyone else was already gathered.
“We need to act before they have time to disappear with the information they might have,” Denise said.
“We will be ready to move within the hour,” Cyn said.
“Wonderful. The sooner the better,” Denise said, the image of a battered Myla still all to clear in her mind.

Chapter 23
Question

Layla was so angry she was shaking. They stood right in front of Henry but he could not see her or Denise seething with anger at what they saw. Henry’s face was badly bruised from an obvious beating. He shifted his weight on the seat and stared out across the inlet at the crews cleaning up the mess there. They retreated up the road and materialized before calling his name.
“Henry?” Denise said.
He turned toward the familiar voice to see Denise and Layla walking towards his boat dressed in black. He shook his head and looked down at his feet.
“Henry, what happened to you?” Layla said.
“Never mind what happened to me, what happened to my boat?”
“It’s hard to explain. We were on our way back to dock when the gunfire started erupting everywhere. They were shooting at each other from boats, from that airfield, and we got caught in the middle,” Denise said.
“Really?”
“Yep.”
“Well now your version makes more sense than those two bikers that visited me late yesterday.”
“Bikers?”
“Yeah. They wanted to know who I rented the boat to? They did not believe me when I told them the truth. Told me I was full of shit, can you believe that?”
“Did they do this to you?” Layla asked.
“Yeah, it’s a bitch getting old, pardon my French.”
“What did they look like?”
“Ugly, that’s what they looked like, ugly.”
Denise saw clear images of the biker’s faces in her head.
“Here Henry, we want you to have this,” Layla said handing him an envelope filled with cash.
“What’s this here?”
“We feel really bad about what happened to your boat, and now seeing you, well, it isn’t like us to cheat anyone,” Denise said.
“Fix your boat,” Layla smiled.
“That is mighty generous of you.”
“Yeah, well it just does not seem like enough,” Layla said.
“You girls be careful. Those ugly bastards really want to find you bad. Not sure you’re safe sticking around here much longer.”
“We’re going to be leaving today. Only hung around long enough to see you,” Layla said.
“Take my advice and get lost.”
“Thanks, we will,” Denise smiled.
“How did you get here? Don’t see any car parked?”
“We have someone picking us up.”
“Bye Henry.”
“Thanks again girls. Be careful.”
As they walked away Denise whispered in Henry’s mind. Forget this meeting Henry. Forget what the two girls looked like.
He looked down and opened the envelope to find it full of one hundred dollar bills. When he looked up to see where it came from Denise and Layla were nowhere to be seen.
“Cyn reports that there are two somewhat damaged motorcycles at the complex. Three men left minutes ago in a silver truck.”
“Any left inside?”
“They believe the owners of the motorcycles are in the main building.”
“Ok, we’re in your hands,” Layla said.
“Your suits are functioning perfectly. Is the fit comfortable?”
“Very comfortable, thanks,” Denise said.
They approached from the southeast, Mari assessing the damage she did the day before as they flew past the airfield.
“Such a waste. Some humans are pretty vile,” Layla said.
“Yeah. That was actually a nice plane,” Denise said.
“Was.”
Denise did not want to waste time just in case that pickup truck returned soon.
Denise and Layla took their place at the exit. “We’re getting pretty good at this,” Layla smiled.
“Activating,” Denise said as she vanished from Layla’s view, only to come back into view when she activated her suit.
“Downright amazing,” Layla said.
“Ready when you are Mari.”
“We are in position. We will be right here. We will not move.”
“Okay.”
They exited the shuttle and made their way to the side of the building. Both bikers were seated watching cartoons on the television.
What a picture, just look at them. Denise said.
Are they the ones that did Henry?
Yeah, they’re the ones.
Repeat after me handsome, Denise said.
She planted the suggestion in the biker furthest from her sitting on the couch. Ask him if he thinks they know where the creature is being held?
“Do you think they know where the female creature is being held?” he asked.
“Quiet, I’m watching this. Who gives a fuck anyway? I’d like to meet up with those two broads who helped the real money get away.”
Ask him what the name of the place is she is being kept at.
“What is the name of the place she is at again?”
“I don’t know, something with an O,” he said before laughing at the cartoon he was watching. Something was getting beaten to the usual cartoon sound effects.
Ask him what city she is in?
“That’s in Houston ain’t it?”
“What the fuck is your problem? What’s with all the questions? The bitch is in Texas, and that’s more than you should know, but she won’t be there long.”
Repeat after me. What the fuck is your problem?
“What the fuck is your problem?”
The biker looked away from the television at the other biker. “What the fuck did you just say? It was your idiot friends who lost the big money, now shut the fuck up about it all.”
You got a big fucking mouth you know that?
“You got a big fucking mouth you know that?”
“Sammy I’m warning ya.”
You’re not warning me about shit. Kiss my ass.
Layla was having a hard time keeping from laughing.
“You’re not warning me about shit. Kiss my ass.”
The biker got up from the couch and walked into the kitchen, stopping in front of the other to stick his extended middle finger in front of his face. “Fuck you.”
You are NOT going to take that shit from him. Pick up that lamp and hit him in the head with it when he comes back in the room.
The biker came walking back towards the living room with a bottle of beer in one hand and a pistol in the other. SMASH! The other biker broke the lamp over his head just as he walked into the room. He fell to the ground moaning.
“A gun? You pull a fucking gun on me?” he said, bending over to pick up the pistol he dropped.
Put the gun against his head and ask him again what the name of the company is in Texas.
“I’m only going to ask you this one more time,” the biker said putting the gun to the others head. “What is the name of the company in Texas where the bitch is being kept?”
“Omega something, that’s all I know I swear.”
Go get yourself a beer and turn off his favorite cartoon show and watch what you want.
He walked into the kitchen, returned with a beer and sat down to watch anything else but that cartoon show.
Behind them, the pickup truck turned the corner approaching the house.
Give your friends coming back this message. IF YOU PUT ANOTHER FINGER ON THE FEMALE YOU HAVE CAPTIVE WE WILL KILL YOU ALL. Now could you repeat that message back to me?
“If you put another finger on the female you have captive we will kill you all.”
Great. Now sit back and enjoy your beer.
The biker took a long guzzle of beer and stopped at some movie where someone was killing someone else.
Denise and Layla waited until the others got out of the truck and walked inside getting a good look at their faces.
Let’s get out of here before I decide to stop being nice.
Yes, let’s.
They walked back to the ramp that was in the exact same spot it had been when they exited.
“Are you ready to depart?” Mari asked.
“Mari, could you repeat what you did at the airfield yesterday to the building they are in without killing all inside?”
“Yes.”
“They REALLY don’t deserve to have such a nice house after what they did, and may still be doing to Myla.”
“I could not agree more,” Layla said.
Mari moved the shuttle up and over the house with a smile on her face. A split second after a sound that reminded Denise of an intense and violent gust of wind was heard, the house beneath them exploded into pieces scattering in every direction, water spewing out of ruptured pipes.
Denise directed one final message to the five men lying in the rubble below. IF YOU PUT ANOTHER FINGER ON THE FEMALE YOU HAVE CAPTIVE WE WILL KILL YOU ALL.
“Ready to depart,” she grinned at Mari.
“Back upstairs?”
“Yes.”

Chapter 24
iPad

“We need to pay in advance for a few months I think,” Denise said.
“Good idea, just in case,” Layla said.
After finishing up in Tennessee, they spent the rest of the day laying plans with the crew of the Tyrine on how to proceed in the recovery of Myla. It was going to be more difficult. After the events in Tennessee those responsible now knew that it was only a matter of time before she was found. Hopefully the warning given by Denise would make her captives think twice about harming her further, but the downside is that they would take greater precautions to keep her unable to communicate with those who searched for her. Since they did not know how that communication was even possible, it was going to be difficult for them to figure out how to keep her off the grid, completely concealed.
When that was settled, Mari returned them with the Mustang and suits stored in the trunk to Southern Illinois.
“Texas. What a cesspool of corporate greed and corruption. Why did it have to be Texas?” Denise asked, researching possibilities on her Macbook.
“I know. I’ve been there before. Wasn’t the most pleasant experience. Austin is a good place for music but the rest of the place you can have.”
Ex…8…b… dr…mer…186..fl…t…mem.
Myla
Phish…as.
Myla. What is it? What is the meaning? MYLA.
Silence.
Denise quickly typed what she heard into an email and sent it to her own nine accounts and Layla.
“We need to figure out what this means?”
Layla studied the letters and numbers she’d typed. “Let’s try doing this on a full stomach.”
“Great idea.”
“Pagliai’s ok?”
“Yep.”
Denise printed out a copy of the letters and numbers and stuffed it in her bag.
“Low profile Mustang or?” Layla asked.
“Why burn gas and pollute? Let’s eat and get all the ‘have to’ stuff out of the way tonight.”
“Yes,” Layla smiled before kissing her.
“Well, if you put them together it would make one hell of a password to crack,” Layla said, looking at the letters and numbers.
“What’s your best guess?”
Layla studied the numbers as she took another bite of pizza.
“It must be important, otherwise, why?”
“Memphis,” Layla nearly shouted cutting Denise off. “Oops. Memphis,” she said softly. “Here. Mem then phish then as.”
“So she is going to Memphis next?”
Denise took out her iPhone to check a few incoming emails.
“Let’s shoot over to Best Buy when we get out of here and pick up an iPad. Larger screen, easier to read a map,” Layla said.
“So, my iPhone is not good enough for map reading?” Denise giggled.
“No, it is not that. A larger screen is going to make it easier to get the picture on a map, cause my take on this message is it is broken driving, not flying directions TO Memphis.”
“Really?”
“Ex could mean exit. Mer could be merge. 186, well there is a 186 in Tennessee. I know cause I think I’ve been on it before, some friend I knew that I accompanied down there to buy a gun.”
“You sold me.”
“But why give us this message when we know she is in Texas somewhere?”
“Let’s go shop for an iPad.”
After finishing dinner they headed over to the Best Buy on Main Street. Layla parked the Mustang away from the crowd of cars under a pole in the lot, and then went into the store to make their purchase. What they did not notice was Phil and Johnny who had pulled over on Highway 13 to watch them park and head inside to shop, each on their still undamaged motorcycles.
“Yeah, we’re going to have to activate the 4g with your cel provider,” Layla said as they paid for their iPad.
“I’ll take care of it when we get back to the trailer.”
“Do we have enough water and stuff because I strongly suspect a road trip to Memphis?”
“Let’s stop for more on the way back.”
“Ok.”
“Glad one of us is thinking.”
They exited the store and walked back to the Mustang.
“Oh oh, we’ve got company,” Layla said. “Here, you hold the bag.”
“They must have seen us in Tennessee,” Denise sighed.
“Let me try to handle this, for Myla,” Layla said.
“Huh?”
“Trust me.”
“Well, well, well, if it isn’t the boat babes,” Johnny said.
He and Phil stood between them and the Mustang.
“You really are as stupid as you look,” Layla said.
“You’re at the shopping mall in this car that everyone is looking for and you call me stupid? You’re the stupid bitch, bitch.”
Who have you told about us so far? Denise asked Phil.
“Lucky for you our phones are in a hundred little pieces after yesterday and we have not let anyone know where to find you yet.”
“Stupid is as stupid does. I rest my case,” Layla said.
“You have a real smart ass mouth for a little bitch you know that?”
“I don’t think it’s a good idea to call her a bitch again,” Denise said.
“I am sure you can see just how scared we are,” Johnny laughed.
Layla’s first kick landed in Johnny’s groin knocking the air out of him forcing him to bend forward. With blinding speed her second kick was a roundhouse to his mid section that made him fly about thirty feet. Layla watched him fly through the air in disbelief.
Phil lunged at Denise with a look of panic on his face. She quickly moved towards Layla who was already flying through the air with a kick when Phil flew through the air slamming into the light pole before collapsing in a groaning heap on the ground. “Did you do that? Layla asked.
“No. You did.”
Layla looked at her and smiled. “Really?”
“You’re pretty amazing. I wouldn’t mess with you,” Denise laughed, looking at the two men lying on the ground in agony.
Layla looked at their motorcycles, extended her arms and waved her hands slightly. When she did the two motorcycles wobbled. Denise smiled. “Stop being so nice,” she said.
She moved her hands together again and the two motorcycles slammed into each other then fell to the ground in a tangled heap.
“See if you can move Johnny back over here by Feeyuhl so he don’t get runned over,” Denise grinned.
Layla made a movement with her arms to do so and Johnny flew across the pavement stopping next to Phil.
“Let’s get in the car and turn on the stealth. Don’t want any security cameras getting a better look at us when we leave.”
They got into the Mustang and it vanished from sight.
“Just a second,” Denise said.
Listen up you two morons. You do not know who did this to you or why. You will not remember the two women in the boat or the car they drove away in down in Tennessee. And, since you obviously missed our earlier message, IF YOU PUT ANOTHER FINGER ON THE FEMALE YOU HAVE CAPTIVE WE WILL KILL YOU ALL.

Chapter 25
Road to Memphis

Layla sat outside Denise’s trailer looking up at another glorious Southern Illinois sunrise painting the sky and numerous clouds with a brilliant palette of blues, greys, pinks, violets and bright yellow near the horizon that still held the trees in black silhouette. She took another drink of coffee and smiled. With another wave of her hand she returned the heavy boulder on the far end of the yard back to its original position she had just moved it from. Am I a mutant? she thought. She lifted the heavy boulder, holding it in place in mid air. She twirled it. She hurled it at the trunk of a tree stopping it inches from impact, before she once again returned it to its original place in the yard.
Breakfast is ready my dear, Denise said.
She walked back into the trailer and they sat down to a breakfast of ‘Ham and Eggs ala Lithuania’,” as Denise put it, scrambled eggs with small slices of ham heated to perfection, slightly browned, before the eggs were cooked to a juicy consistency along with the ham. Layla loved them.
“I think I may like this breakfast of yours more than Mary Lou’s biscuits and gravy,” Layla said between ‘delicious’ soft moans.
“Why thank you.”
“It’s a glorious morning. Great day for a road trip.”
“I wish we had room for our bikes,” Denise said.
“I bet if we asked Mari they would have a solution.”
“Oh, speaking of Mari. She will be around Memphis later today. I told her I’d keep her updated on our whereabouts and findings.”
“That is comforting.”
“There are eight airfields around Memphis. I’ve highlighted two of them.”
“Highlighted?”
“Yes. One is literally a small airfield in the forest. The other is right next to a couple of drag strips.”
"What about the other six?”
“They are there if we need them. I just have a feeling we won’t.
“Any idea what we’re looking for?
“What or who?”
“Indeed,” Layla said.
After breakfast and cleaning up the kitchen, they hopped in the shower and got dressed. Once the Mustang was loaded up, with Layla once again at the wheel, they headed north on Highway 51.
“Stealth or no stealth?” Layla asked.
“You know I’ve been thinking. It might be dangerous for us to be driving all over Southern Illinois and Tennessee in a Mustang that is being looked for by some rather barbaric thugs who would love nothing more than to beat and torture us to death,” Denise said.
“Ok, I get it, stealth.”
“On the other hand, it is dangerous I think, unless absolutely necessary, to be on America’s crowded roads invisible, I mean how are other drivers supposed to know we are there so they can stop in time?”
“I thought about that twice since we’ve been using this vehicle.”
“So,” Denise said, looking at Layla as her left hand slid the panel back revealing the controls they were not supposed to touch yet.
“Am I going to have to watch out for birds when you do what you are about to do?”
Denise imagined a red VW Beetle and pushed a button, feeling a slight tingle in her finger and another in her brain. “Now, pull over and get out for a second.”
Layla followed her instructions to see that the black Mustang was now bright red and looked like a VW Beetle. “Well we are going to be seen now that’s for sure,” Layla laughed. When she got back into the driver’s seat, the view from the Mustang was that of a black Mustang hood.
“That button will create the outer illusion of the image you send it that you visualize in your mind. I’ve always liked the VW Beetle. It’s a real girl car don’t you think?”
“Mari?”
“Yeah. Early morning tutorial while you were tossing boulders around.”
“Ha. Can’t wait to try that again.”
“No, you cannot practice with either Mustang,” Denise laughed.
“Was my brain screaming that loudly?”
“Yep.”
They decided to head to Cape Girardeau to hook up with the rather boring four lanes of I-55 that would take them to Memphis simply because it was such a beautiful ride. When they turned south on Highway 3, Denise received an image of two hands, obviously those of a female, with bruises on the extended arms attached to them. They reached for a faucet at a small sink and turned on the water, moved together to form a bowl and once filled with water brought it up towards the image blocking it out.
Layla was singing along to a Neko Case song on the radio and did not notice the type of trance Denise was in.
The image in Denise’s mind continued as the hands reached for a towel, opened it and brought it up to her view once again blocking it out temporarily. “She’s washing up,” she whispered. The hands moved out of sight and Denise was now looking at the face of Myla in a mirror. It was as if she were there in front of the mirror looking at her own face. Myla assessed the damage done from beatings. Her right eye was half closed, lower lip swollen and split. She noticed bruises around her neck as if she had been strangled.
Recovery. Apology. Doctor. Guarded.
Myla.
Denizen.
I can see what you see.
Moved.
Are you still in Texas?
Yes.
The view changed to the room she was in. A comfortable bed. A chair. A pitcher of water with unmelted ice on a tray with a few glasses next to it.
Overheard.
Yes, overheard what?
Message received. No further abuse.
Is that all?
Thank you.
Myla walked to the bed and laid back on it. New keepers. Her eyes moved to a door opening. In walked two men, one in a dark blue suit with slicked back black hair, the other wearing a shirt and tie under a white lab coat with blonde hair that was cropped short and stuck out in all directions.
“A smile. Two smiles. I can see them but I cannot hear them,” Denise sighed.
Rest for now.
The images stopped. Myla.
There was no answer.
“Message received, no further abuse?” Layla smiled.
“I think they got our message,” Denise smiled back. “Look, I’m going to be lost in thought with Mari for a few minutes so please replay that Neko Case song. It will help me relay this news accurately.”
“Yes commander,” Layla said in a stiff voice.
“Make it so Number Two.”
“Ha. You want me to sing along again.”
“Yes please,” Denise giggled before she leaned back, closed her eyes and connected with Mari.

Chapter 26
Memphis

“She’s singing to me,” Denise said.
From lake to lake we flew, Myla’s voice whispered before it sang. It’s so easy to fall in love, it’s so easy to fall in love.
“Really? What is she singing?” Layla asked.
“Uhm, Buddy Holly I think. Yes I’m certain it is Buddy Holly.”
“Let’s hear it,” Layla said turning off the radio.
“It’s so easy to fall in love, it’s so easy to fall in love.”
“Yep. That’s Buddy Holly alright.”
“Before she started singing she whispered, from lake to lake.
”Oh they have got to have her on something heavy.”
“Let’s find a Starbucks, get a latte, I need to get some fresh air and figure this out.”
“Let’s see, there is a Starbucks at the Westin Hotel in the downtown area,” Denise said. “I’ll give you directions.”
“Well, we’re here, and I don’t think we are going to get out of here today,” Layla said.
“I’ve been thinking the same thing. Will they rent us a room here with cash do you think?”
“I always HAD to use cash when renting a place before,” Layla laughed. “I’d guess hell yes, as long as you show identification if that is needed at all.”
“Yeah. I don’t know how much getting a hotel room has changed since 9-11. Let’s just stay here, I brought along more than enough to cover expenses.”
“Ok, let’s.”
They walked up to the woman at the desk and Denise asked her if they could pay with cash.
“I am sorry, but a credit card is required,” she said sizing them up as she spoke.
Are you going to zap her or can I, Layla said.
“You know, the ONLY thing that brought us here was the Starbucks and I can see that this is not a place I want to leave my hard earned cash simply because they were SOOOOO benevolent and rented me a room,” Denise said so calmly it was almost a whisper, her eyes squinting into two slits so tiny they looked like wrinkles. “Come on baby,” she said in a deep sexy voice before pulling Layla against her and kissing her deeply.
“Oh baby, let’s go find a room,” she cooed.
They walked out of the hotel and called a few other hotels. One took any form of payment but had no rooms. The Best Western took cash with a hundred dollar deposit so they settled into a room there.
“What would you like to do today?” Layla asked.
“Visit stuff and plan for an early start tomorrow.”
“You can see the Pyramid from here,” Layla said, pulling aside the curtains.
“Sweet.” “Well, I guess we can’t come to Memphis without at least seeing Graceland can we?”
“The King might never forgive us,” Layla said in a southern accent trying to sneer like Elvis.
“Let’s.”
They shot across town to Graceland, parking the Mustang that still appeared to be a VW Beetle in the parking lot behind the Car Museum. As late as it was getting Denise wanted to pass on the mansion and get to the cars.
“All Cadillac’s should be pink or black,” Denise said.
“This all gets to be too much don’t you think?”
“Yeah. If anyone flaunted their wealth like this now, I don’t know how it would fly on this shrinking planet we are destroying.”
“Let’s get some fresh air.”
“Yep.”
They strolled a few blocks north and came to an area that had the planes he owned on display.
“Now these I could see owning as a rock star,” Layla said.
“Hound Dog 2. That’s us, a couple of blood hounds.”
“Amazing he didn’t live somewhere right next to an airfield for them,” Layla said.
“I guess he flew into the main airport and one of those expensive cars was waiting for him,” Denise said.
“Not all the time,” a tall thin man who spoke with a local accent said. He had a young girl with him holding his hand.
“Oh?” Denise said.
“Memphis has a few airports and airfields. Quite often he would land at those, like most rich folk that don’t want to be bothered.”
“Any near a lake?” Denise asked.
“Well now, Memphis International is closest to Lake McKellar, not by it but closest.”
“The big one,” Layla said.
“Shelby airfield is right on a lake. Two of ‘em depending on how you look at it.”
Denise thought he reminded her of the guy in Close Encounters that said he saw Big Foot once.
“Now that sounds like an Elvis airfield.”
“He used it a few times but only in his smaller planes.”
“Thanks for the history lesson,” Layla said.
“Any time. Have a nice time in Memphis ladies.”
“Well thank you very kindly,” Denise smiled.
“Hungry yet?” Layla asked.
“Yep.”
“I’ve got a taste for Mexican.”
“Mexican would be perfect,” Denise smiled.
While Layla piloted the Mustang out of Graceland, Denise searched for a restaurant.
“Which way?”
“Head back towards the room. I found one that is pink,” Denise laughed.
“Pink Cadillac, pink Mexican restaurant hey?”
“Yep.”
They sat there eating their taco dinners at Molly’s La Casita.
“Molly makes good stuff,” Denise said.
“The meal is delicious.”
They could not help overhearing the conversation going on at the table next to them. “My grandmother can sense them, she knows when they are near,” a woman said who appeared to be in her thirties.
“And she senses them now?” a teenage boy asked. Everyone at the table was Hispanic.
“Si. Extraterrestre,” an old woman said. She was a tiny thing, with grey hair and numerous wrinkles that created a landscape on her face, no doubt from many years working out in the hot sun. She wore brushed silver Cat’s Eye sunglasses.
“Wow,” two other children chimed along with the boy who asked the question.
“If they were here now, if they were here at all, don’t ask me how, but she knows,” the woman said.
“Wow.”
Ask her how she knows little one, Denise thought.
“How do you know grandma, what is it that makes you so sure?” the young boy asked.
“Los oigo y me pueden ver,” the grandmother answered.
“Really? You can hear them and see them?”
We are not alone, Denise said.
Never thought we were, Layla thought.
After their exchange the grandmother turned to look at Denise and Layla and smiled.
How can you tell where they HAVE been little mother? Denise asked, thinking that if she did hear her she may not speak English and would not understand.
Ayudarle a buscar a sus seres queridos? the grandmother thought.
You help them search for their loved one? Denise heard softly in her mind.
Yes. Some very bad people have taken her.
You will know where she has been and is by what she has seen and heard.
Yes, I understand.
When you are near where she has been, it will come to you.
Thank you.
And there is the smell. There is always a trace of their scent.
Really?
Yes. Our world is toxic and even deadly to some. Their scent is always present. You only need to identify it.
Denise took a final sip of her Coke.
“Excuse me,” Denise said turning to the woman sitting at the table.
“Hello.”
“Forgive me but I could not help overhearing the conversation you were having.”
“Ah, the children and the UFO’s,” the woman smiled.
“It was fascinating and most enjoyable. Please allow me to pay for your dinner, my treat,” Denise smiled.
“Oh, that is not necessary.”
“Please? It would make me very happy if you agree.”
“Who am I to stand in the way of happiness?” the woman laughed.
“I will let your waitress know your entire bill is paid for.”
“Thank you.”
“Oh no, thank you,” Denise said turning to smile at the grandmother.
“Tenga cuidado en su busqueda,” the grandmother smiled.
“I am sorry, but what did she say?” Denise asked.
“She said to be careful in your quest,” the woman said.
“We will, and thank you beautiful mother.”
You will see the future soon, the grandmother thought.
So I’ve been told. Denise thought.
When you do you must act quickly.
Thank you.
Denise gave the waitress a hundred dollar bill and told her to keep what was left after their bill was paid.
“That was one interesting meal,” Layla said as they got into the Mustang to head back to the hotel.
“Loved her sunglasses,” Denise said.
“Me too.”
“Let’s go get REAL comfortable,” Denise smiled.
“Yes.”

Chapter 27
New Car

Layla awoke to find Denise sitting at the desk on the iPad. “Good morning beautiful,” she said.
“Hey. Here you are,” Denise said, handing her a latte.
“Need I ask where these came from?”
“Nola. She just showed up at the door with a gentle knock and these.”
“How are things upstairs?”
“I think they’re counting on us,” Denise said. “Good news is Aren is up and about and fully healed.
“That is good news.”
“Yes. He’d like to meet with us soon, to thank us personally.”
“You look like you have a lot on your mind this morning,” Layla said.
“No more than usual. I’ve just been sitting here with the iPad thinking about how to put this together.”
“Have you heard any more from Myla?”
“No.”
Layla slid out of bed and walked over to Denise hugging her from behind. “Let’s get out of here, have a good breakfast, and see where this day takes us.”
“Let’s.”
After showering they packed, and checked out of the hotel.
“And here is your deposit Miss Smith,” the clerk smiled.
“Thank you again,” Denise said.
“Can you recommend a good breakfast and coffee nearby?” Layla asked.
“The Cupboard. You won’t regret it,” the clerk said. He handed them a flyer for the restaurant.
“Thanks again,” Denise smiled.
“Tired of a VW yet?” Layla asked when they got in the Mustang.
“I am going to let you push the button later. Keep in mind that we are going into the country shortly.”
“I will,” Layla smiled turning to see Denise in one of her ‘incoming’ trances.
Denise heard distinct footsteps against a tile floor and saw a view of what she suspected was the room Myla was being kept in. The view blinked on and off as if she were opening and closing her eyes. She heard Myla’s voice softly singing again. You say you’re gonna leave me, you know it’s a lie, Cause that’ll be the day when I die.
Myla, it is Denizen.
Leaving soon.
Denise’s view now showed a guard open her door and look in on her before closing the door and locking it again.
Leaving soon? Myla, how soon?
Just soon.
Do you know where?
No yet.
How do you know this?
Som… .elp..g me.
What? Someone is helping you?
Nothing.
“I’m not sure if they are live or memories or if she’s dreaming,” Denise told Layla as they walked into the restaurant.
“It is frustrating.”
They sat at a table. The restaurant was half full of what looked like business people and tourists.
“A waitress came and poured them coffee, handed them each a menu and said she’d be right back.
“Biscuits and gravy. Dare I?”
“Pancakes for me.”
“Ooh, pancakes does sound good, it’s been a while.”
They filled up on a large order of food not knowing where this day would take them.
After breakfast they sat in the Mustang discussing where to go first.
“I’ve ruled out this airport because it has been closed due to flood damage that occurred weeks ago,” Denise said.
“Makes sense.”
“This one, and it’s one of those mentioned by the man at Graceland, is my first choice, but seriously, I get the impression we may not have to go further than this in Memphis.”
“This second Buddy Holly song Myla was singing. There has got to be a connection,” Layla said.
“I think she is relaying what those around her have been saying, or singing. When the guard opened the door and looked in on her, his mouth was moving and his face gave me the impression he was singing.”
“This airport in the sticks. What do you make of it?”
“We are going to stand out no matter what we do, unless we go in stealth. If we do that however I cannot interact with whomever we encounter. The area appears to be one you need big money to be living in or around. All roads in lead to locked gates, including the airport, all but one that I can see.”
“Then let’s go in like big money. Shopping for a place in the neighborhood and we would be very interested in the private use of the airfield from time to time,” Layla said.
“My thoughts exactly,” Denise giggled. “See, you can read minds.”
“Our clothes are ok, but what type of vehicle will be looked at without suspicion?”
“Well we don’t want to be followed like celebrities.”
“Then Miss, I would recommend the basic black Lincoln Town Car with the darkest privacy windows,” Layla said, sounding like a car salesperson.
“Perfect. Now, let’s find another latte first that is NOT at that hotel.”
“Absolutely.”
“This one is a bit out of the way, but it will give us some time to plan our day and get a feel for our new car,” Denise grinned.
“We are still in a VW.”
“Pull over there.”
Layla pulled over and Denise told her what to do to change the outer appearance of the Mustang. “It’s going to tickle.”
She visualized a squeaky clean black Lincoln Town Car and pushed the button. With a zap and a tickle, from outside, they were now in a Lincoln.
“Where to Madame?” Layla asked.
“Latte driver, I need a latte.”
“Ha. Shouldn’t you be in the back seat?”
“I will be,” Denise said as the Mustang Lincoln Town Car headed towards the Starbucks on Union Avenue.

Chapter 28
Sound and Vision

“We are not going to sneak in the back way honey,” Denise said.
Oh?”
“We’ll get in using your talents. I am not wasting half the day driving on back roads to be gawked at by rich hicks.”
“You can give me directions?”
“Absolutely.”
Denise directed Layla through the Shoemaker Shelby Forest on paved roads that would take them to the front gate of the airfield.
“It’s an unincorporated community. That is the only description to be found for this area.”
“Very private indeed.”
“It stinks. I’d say I smell a rat, but some of the people we’ve come across so far that are behind this are so vile, that would be an insult to rats,” Denise laughed.
The Mustang cruised down Benjestown Road at a leisurely pace when once again Denise had incoming messages. I will tell you a story.
Myla?
Yes. Short.
Short?
Story.
I am Denizen Myla. I am here.
From lake over lake to lake.
Ok. Can you be more specific?
You will see very soon.
You are still in Texas?
Risk. Myla said. An image of her looking in the mirror appeared in Denise’s mind again. The image turned to show a Latina woman changing her beddings. She risks all.
Myla. Any word on where you go next?
Questioning continues. Cannot answer. Must not answer. Frustration. New methods needed. Soon.
Myla are you being sedated? Is that why we lose connection?
Yes. Not today. Will try to….
Yes? Will try to what?
Nothing.
“We should step on it. She is being sedated and is up now, at least I think it was now,” Denise said.
“That is kinda good news no?”
“She is being helped, I’m not sure how, by a Latina woman. I saw her.”
“Not surprising after meeting grandma the other day.”
“If Myla is moved again, perhaps we can find her,” Denise sighed.
The Mustang continued down Benjestown Road.
“There is going to be a road that turns off to the right. It may not be labeled. It is called Chaser Road and it will lead up to the closed gate.”
“Chaser Road, Now how’s that for an appropriate name?”
“I know. That is what I thought when I first saw it.”
“Is this it?” Layla asked coming up to a small road.
“Yes, this is it.”
Layla turned right and proceeded down the road slowly.
“Lot’s of pickup trucks so far,” she said about the vehicles parked in front of some houses.
“Yeah, but we’re on the wrong side of the gate, Denise giggled.
“No cameras past the gate today ok?”
“Nope.”
Soon they were not passing any houses, and both sides of the road had chain-link fences erected.
“Street lamps,” Layla pointed out.
Denise could see the end of the line ahead.
“Ok baby, do your thing,” she said.
Layla put her left arm out of the window and made a motion toward the locked gate. They heard a loud pop as the gates swung open, but not enough for the car to pass through. Layla gave it another push.
“Perfect,” Denise smiled.
The Mustang that appeared to be a Lincoln from the outside passed through the gate.
“Straight ahead is the landing strip. The road leads to the right but that is going to take us to buildings I would hope to deal with next,” Denise said.
“Oh well,” Layla said. She accelerated straight down the landing strip. “Don’t think we have to worry about anything landing here at the moment,” she laughed.
“Brat. Just love it.”
As they zipped down the airfield Layla noticed Denise lean her head back on the headrest with her eyes closed. Incoming, she thought.
It was as if Denise was watching a motion picture the imagery was so clear. The view was that of looking out the small window of a private plane as it zipped down the runway. It was off the ground now as the view showed it climbing and turning in an abrupt sweep to the right. It then passed over another lake. The view watched it until the plane was so far past the lake it could no longer be seen.
Myla.
Nothing.
Myla.
Denizen.
From lake over lake to lake.
Yes.
I have seen your departure.
Yes.
You are in Texas, near a lake?
Over lake points directly to here.
Rest Myla. We will find you.
It’s so easy to fall in love…
She continued singing another line and then nothing.
“Buddy Holly again.”
“We got company,” Layla said, parking by a building at the end of the runway.
“Follow my lead. Park it and let’s get out.”
“How did you get in here?” a woman said, getting out of a silver Jeep Cherokee. She was not alone. There was a man still in the vehicle behind the wheel on the phone.
“Why through the front entrance of course,” Denise said.
“No one let them in,” the man said, as he stepped out of the Jeep and slid his phone into his pocket.
“Your gate was wide open when we arrived,” Layla said.
“What are you doing here? What do you want?” the woman asked.
“We came to see this airfield, see if it was secure enough to meet our needs,” Denise said.
“Your needs?”
“Yes.”
“And what needs would that be?” the woman asked.
The man took another call on his phone.
“Privacy. Security. I must confess I do have my doubts being able to drive up right through an open gate,” Denise said.
“There is no damage to the gate. It is functioning properly. No damage to their vehicle either,” the man said.
“Haa. Do you think we just blasted through the front gate like something out of an action movie just to have a look at this place,” Layla said.
“Why would you need an airfield near here?” the woman asked.
“We were thinking of becoming one of your new neighbors, you know, on YOUR side of the fence. We entertain a lot of people who relish their privacy and security.”
“Well, I hope we have not given you the wrong impression with this questioning,” the woman said. “We’ve never had anyone back here, let alone speeding down our airfield.”
“At least you knew we were here and questioned why. That’s a plus I guess,” Denise said.
The woman did not answer. The man was texting something, undoubtedly their license plate number.
“And on that note, since your gate was malfunctioning and this is private property, please accept our apologies for disrupting your morning. We will take our leave,” Denise said.
The two watched as Denise and Layla got back into the Mustang that appeared to be a Lincoln. The man and woman got back into their Jeep Cherokee and followed them back down the runway where they came to the closed gate.
“I’m leaving us enough room in case we need to blast out of here. The gates opens our way,” Layla said.
“I bet you could make it open the wrong way if you wanted to,” Denise giggled.
The Cherokee was stopped about twenty feet behind them.
“Ok, open the gate,” Layla said and honked on the horn.
It still did not open.
Layla laid on the horn longer this time, honking twice.
“That’s strike two bitches,” she said.
“I wonder how much a new gate like that costs?” Denise asked.
“Hmm. Perhaps enough to bite into what they were paid to fly Myla out of here,” Layla said.
The gate swung open finally.
“Think they’ll follow us?” Denise said.
“You know, I kinda hope they do,” Layla said.
They did not follow. The Mustang zipped down Chase Road until it was out of range of any security cameras or neighbors after turning back onto Benjestown Road.
“You know, they got off pretty easy,” Denise said.
“We didn’t even make them sweat,” Layla said.
“Which button is stealth again?” 
Layla simply smiled and pointed to the control.
The Mustang sped back to the locked gate. “It’s all yours Supergirl,” Denise giggled.
Layla ripped the fence outward so hard it wrapped itself around the brick walls on either side of the road that housed it.
Mari.
Denizen.
Are you in the neighborhood?
We can be in a few.
May we be your guests?
Of course.
I’d like a view from above.
Indeed.

Chapter 29
Salamander

Mari met the Mustang on Benjestown Road a few miles away from the airfield. They were still in stealth mode when Layla drove up the ramp and it closed behind them. “I really hope our species is around long enough to have one of these,” Denise said.
“I have my doubts,” Layla smiled.
Denise updated Mari and Nola on all she had learned since their last meeting.
“Mari. Can you simulate what I saw from a higher altitude,” Denise asked.
“Of course.”
Denise and Layla watched the screen that showed the view described by Myla from ten thousand feet. They swept over the runway and banked right sharply. When they were above Poplar Tree Lake Denise asked Mari to stop. “From lake over lake to lake,” she whispered. “This lake is the key. What does that look like to you?”
“A salamander,” Layla said.
“Yes, it does resemble a salamander. Look at the top tip.”
“An arrow head,” Layla grinned.
“Arrow indeed. Myla said over lake points directly to here,” Denise sighed. “
“Mari, can you be Google Maps for us?”
“Tell me what you would like me to do.”
Denise pulled out her iPhone and searched Buddy Holly. “Can you proceed forward in a straight line please?”
“Yes.”
She continued to read info on Buddy Holly. “Fuck. Oops, excuse me.”
Layla laughed. “We can go to the car.”
Mari giggled.
Denise turned on Google Maps and zeroed in on Poplar Tree Lake. She aimed the arrowhead directly towards the top of the screen and pulled out until Texas was in view as well. “Well I’ll be,” she shouted after searching in and out for a moment. Look. The arrowhead points directly to Lubbock Texas. It’s where…”
“It’s where Buddy Holly is from,” Layla shouted.
“And where he is buried,” Denise grinned. She keyed in driving directions from Memphis to Lubbock. “Eight hundred miles. Mari, take us eight hundred miles on your present course and stop.”
“Will do. How soon did you wish to arrive?”
“Soon. Let’s see what this baby can do,” Layla said.
“There are only a few lakes in or around Lubbock, and a few airfields that are out in the sticks,” Denise said.
Mari accelerated the craft headed in the direction of the arrowhead towards Lubbock. Layla watched in awe as they arrived in less than a minute.
“Lubbock,” Mari said.
“Honey. It looks like we might need some cowgirl duds,” Layla giggled.
“Cowgirl duds?” Denise asked.
“Yeah, to fit in.”
“I’m not wearing a skirt unless I absolutely must.”
“Haa. Boots and hats should be more than enough,” Layla laughed.
“You have been invited to dinner, upstairs,” Mari said.
“Probably a good idea. We’ve a lot to discuss,” Denise said.
The shuttle accelerated straight up and headed for the Tyrine.

Chapter 30
Dinner 

Aren presented Denise and Layla each with a gift. The box, if you could call it that, felt strange to the touch.
“They open like our doors,” Aren said.
“I see. Hope there’s no liquid inside,” Denise giggled.
Layla looked at her. “I’m ready if you are,” she said wearing a huge grin.
“Open,” they said.
The top of each box vanished showing a pair of cowboy boots in each container.
“Red. The perfect color for me,” Denise smiled. Her boots were a warm red with Earth tone patterns.
“Great choice for a Leo,” Layla said. “Thank you.” Her boots were a variety of earth tones.
Leo, that’s right, you have a birthday coming up. Lucky girl, Denise said.
“Yes, Thank you very much,” Denise said.
As do you baby, Layla thought.
“It was my understanding that you thought you might need them,” Aren smiled.
“Yep,” Layla laughed.
“Shore do pardnuh,” Denise said and winked.
“Thank you both for risking so much to rescue me.”
“You’re welcome,” Denise and Layla chimed.
Once again, Nola had a feast laid out, this time in yet another room they had not been in. Multiple adjoining sections of the wall were open affording them a panoramic view of Earth in the distance.
“Your world is so beautiful from here,” Aren said.
“Yes, from here it is a gorgeous jewel in the heavens, Denise said.
“It’s beautiful down there as well, the further one usually gets away from our species,” Layla said.
“Ah, but your species did produce the two of you,” Nola smiled.
“Forgive me if I am being too forward, but where in the cosmos are you from?” Layla said.
“Not at all,” Nola said. She directed their attention to a large screen that materialized on the far wall. “I believe you will recognize this view.”
“Oh wait, I can get this one,” Denise grinned.
Layla’s eyes widened as her grin did.
“Virgo,” Denise said.
“Very good,” Layla smiled.
The view zoomed in on an area between the head and the arm of the Virgin and continued past until it stopped, offering a view of a spiral galaxy.
“We were in your news not too long ago,” Aren said.
“Really?” Denise said.
“You’ve been in the news recently too,” Layla said.
“Certainly not by our choosing,” Nola smiled.
“Someone on the other side of your world discovered a supernova in our galaxy,” Aren said.
“Our galaxy itself was discovered by an astronomer hundreds of your years past,” Nola said.
“Must have had a telescope yes?” Denise smiled.
“Yes. His name was Barnabus Oriani.”
“Hmm. Italian. You must let me treat you to my lasagna one day,” Denise said.
When dinner was finished they retired to yet another room never seen that was a lounge with a view.
“Aren, how did they catch you?” Denise asked.
“The two entities you left unconscious in the Mall parking lot were out hunting. They along with two others that were armed had been watching us from under the dense canopy of vegetation. When Cyn dropped us off she returned to an area much further south to pick up two other crew members.”
“There is not legal hunting in June,” Layla said.
“Consider the source,” Denise said.
“They came out of nowhere seemingly. One of them, I believe his name is Johnny, fired two shots at us that hit innocent trees next to where we were as we tried to flee. I believe they would have had no problem killing us if we did not listen.”
“I think I’m going to have to pay Johnny another visit,” Layla said.
“He’s not worth it,” Denise said.
“We were forced to walk back to where their vehicles were. There, using the weapons they had, they beat each of us into unconsciousness.”
“That piece of shit, pardon my human, hit Myla with a weapon?” Layla said.
“Yes. When we came to we were tied to beams within the structure that housed the white van. This is where a new set of men questioned us. We would not talk, could not talk, for obvious reasons.”
“Can I change the subject for a minute?” Layla asked.
“Certainly,” Aren said.
“How did you know I would prefer lower heals on the cowboy boots?”
“Nola. She said you were both built for comfort, not fashion.”
“Thank you Nola,” Layla laughed. “Ok, so Jackoff Johnny beat you both into an unconscious stupor, took you to the old armament sight, and this new group of people questioned you. What did they want?”
“They never really said. They were trying to gather information about us, our crew, our ship, our technology, where we were from. When we did not answer we were beaten and tortured.”
“Who did the beating and torturing?” Denise said.
“A variety of Johnnies.”
“Who did the sedation?” Layla asked.
“Someone else, a new small group of men. They did not even speak to us.”
“How did they know it was safe or that it would even work using our sedation methods on you?” Denise said.
“Our biological makeup is amazingly similar, enough to where they undoubtedly assumed it would work,” Aren said.
“They did not ask any questions?” Layla said.
“No, but I got the impression they had done this before.”
“Pros? Corporate or government men attempting to see if you were worth the bother, or if Johnny and the boys claims were true?” Either way, the fate of Myla is of the utmost importance now. We cannot allow her to be taken deeper into their maze,” Denise said.
She gazed out the window at Planet Earth and focused on the area in Texas where Lubbock was. She pulled out her iPhone and keyed in Lubbock Texas. She clicked on a link about a well-documented period of UFO sightings before she was born.
“Nola. Let’s pay Lubbock a visit. It’s time to make more news.”

Chapter 31
Lubbock Lights

“We need to wind up on the front page of every newspaper and on every cable news station,” Denise said.
“That should not be difficult,” Nola said.
“What we need to remember,” Layla said after reading a brief history of the original UFO sightings dubbed the Lubbock Lights, “is that now as opposed to back then, every cel phone camera, digital camera, video camera and news camera is going to have footage if we create a visible showing.”
“That is exactly what I am hoping for. I want them to know that we know where they are and that they cannot hide from us indefinitely. I want to spook them into making a move. There isn’t time for us to go door to door looking for Myla,” Denise said.
“Nola. Can whatever craft you use be made to appear as simply bright lights in the sky, but with a definite mass behind them?” Layla asked.
“Yes.”
Denise and Layla remained on the Tyrine overnight. The following day they coordinated their plans for the fly over. Denise had heard from Myla again showing views of new faces coming to visit her, ending again in a Buddy Holly song.
They would be using six craft for the show. Denise and Laya simply shook their heads and laughed when Nola told them they had only seen one of the Tyrine’s shuttle bays. “We probably haven’t even met the entire crew yet right?” Denise laughed.
Nola just smiled at her. “I like your cowboy boots. Are they comfortable?”
“Very,” Denise smiled.
The six craft appeared above Idalou Texas just northeast of Lubbock. They traveled in a V pattern at high speed on the first pass heading southwest, which surprisingly took them as far as Roswell New Mexico. They felt it important to give a display that would make perfectly clear to those filming on the ground that these were indeed UFO’s above the skies of Lubbock and not something from the military, flares, weather balloons or birds.
After the first pass, just after flying past Roswell, they went into stealth mode and could no longer be seen. They monitored the buzz of communications on the ground. Special Reports began airing on televisions. Cellular networks were inundated with traffic, quite a bit of it images of them flying by in formation being sent by text and email. 
“Good things come in threes,” Denise said.
On the next pass they came in from the northwest, again in a V shaped formation, flying by at a higher speed, and remained visible until they flew across the entire state of Texas being well documented, at least visually, in Houston.
The final pass approached from the south traveling at a high rate of speed and stopping over Lubbock. They stayed in a V formation above the city for ten minutes. They could actually see tiny flashes occurring all around the city coming from cameras. Watching images of them live on CNN Breaking News, the six craft broke from the V formation and formed a perfect circle.
“Your military has scrambled aircraft to this location,” Aren said.
Each of the craft fanned out across the city where they swept and stopped over pre-designated areas based on what Myla had communicated to them. When over these sites bright flashes could be seen as each craft made visual records of the areas below them from Ransom Canyon to Reese Air Force Base. Denise and Layla were in the craft that stopped over Buddy Holly’s grave and the immediate area.
All six craft returned to a V formation and headed northwest at speeds no craft built on Earth could travel at. It took them directly over Area 51, now in stealth mode where they paused long enough to get a detailed lay of the land in that area before returning to the Tyrine.
Back upstairs, Denise and Layla settled into a bell pepper pizza while they watched themselves on the news.
“Wee dogies they put on one hell of a show,” Layla shouted as she watched them break from their V formation before zipping around town flashing images.
“One of the craft apparently stopped over the grave of Buddy Holly,” one of the news anchors said.
“He has a lot of fans, why not,” the other news anchor laughed.
Layla took Denise by the hand and stood her up, took her in her arms and started singing. “Hold me close and tell me how you feel, Tell me love is real, Ummmm, ummmm, ummmm.”
“I know that song,” Denise whispered as they danced slowly.
“It’s one of my favorite Buddy Holly songs,” Layla whispered in her ear before she continued singing. Their clothes were nearly completely off by the time they landed on the bed, Layla still singing. “Darling I love you, umm, umm, umm, Ah, ah, ah…..”

Chapter 32
Cowboy Hats

Overnight, Denise had an intense dream. She was convinced they were headed to the desert. She had seen herself and Layla in a desolate mountain area, with nothing around them but open spaces, sparse vegetation that was prevalent throughout the Southwest, bright sunlight and backpacks full of water.
“I’d like to buy us a couple of hats, she asked Kinsa, who came to call on them to see if they were ready for coffee and breakfast.
“Hats?”
“Yes. I can provide the design, something to keep the hot sun off our heads. I think we’re going to need them.”
“I will see to it. Please bring your designs to breakfast.”
“I will Kinsa, thank you.”
“Hats?” Layla yawned.
“Yep. When you’re ready, pick yourself out a hat design,” Denise said, handing her the iPad. “I need to have a tinkle.”
“One of these. The Prospector. I like the beads,” Layla said before going to the bathroom.
“Do you know the size of your head?” Denise asked.
“Yes, twenty-four inches with all this hair. I have a big head.”
Denise remembered her size from when she was looking for winter hats up in Chicago. That seems like it was another lifetime ago, she thought.
After leafing through the hats she chose one with less of a pointed top. “I’m a gonna git me one of these here Montana Peaks,” she said when Layla came out of the bathroom.
“I sure hope we don’t wind up in Montana,” Layla laughed.
“Why not?”
“Frank Zappa. Some song about dental floss, just brings back unpleasant memories for me.”
“Would you like me to choose another?”
“You could just rename it.”
“Yes, I could, but then every time you look at it I will think you are bummed out remembering unpleasant memories.”
“You’re probably right.”
“So I am going to take this one called Amber.”
“Amber is good,” Layla laughed.
They arrived at breakfast with the iPad and Denise showed the hat designs to Kinsa and gave her the measurements.
“So, you are anticipating being out in the sun?” Nola asked, motioning for them to be seated with a smile.
“Yes. Don’t ask me why exactly, but I had an intense dream last night that I believe was more than a dream.”
“Oh?”
“Yes. The words an old Latina woman said to me in a restaurant were ringing in my head, about being able to see the future and the need to act on it quickly.”
“These biscuits and gravy are actually better than the first time if that’s possible,” Layla smiled.
“So is the coffee. My compliments to the cook,” Denise grinned.
“We are the talk of the town on Earth,” Nola said.
“Yes, I figured we would be. I’d like us to be dropped off on the outskirts of town east of the city,” Denise said.
“Aren is already there with a few others monitoring all activity, especially all flights in the area.”
“Yes, well I don’t know where this day will lead us. I have not heard from Myla overnight.”
“When you are ready Cyn will be your chauffer and standby if you need her.”
“Great. I guess we can have someone drop off the hats we ordered, or just head into a western wear store in Lubbock,” Denise said. “That was REALLY good coffee Nola.”
“Oh yes. Mighty fine breakfast,” Layla said.
When they stood up to go back to Denise’s quarters Kinsa walked in the door carrying two cowboy hats. “I hope you like the material,” she said.
“Kinsa, they’re perfect,” Layla said, putting her hat on.
“Perfect, just like the boots, and they match,” Denise smiled.
“The material will block the sunlight and heat, but they should feel as though you are not wearing a hat.”
“If someone were to analyze the material in a lab would they think the materials are not from our world?” Denise asked with a grin.
“Definitely.”
“Well on that note, we shall go pack it up and get ready to depart.”
“Be careful,” Nola said.
“Thank you, we will,” Denise smiled.
Within the hour they were aboard the shuttle with Cyn on their way to Texas.

Chapter 33
Mercedes

Cyn dropped Denise and Layla off heading north on Vetch Avenue just east of Ransom Canyon, which was just east of Lubbock. Denise allowed Layla to choose the exterior of the car. She chose a tan 1969 Pontiac GTO. They were both wearing their boots, a good idea Layla thought if they were going to be walking around anywhere that had the risk of snakes or other desert creatures that could ruin your day if bitten.
When they turned left and headed west on 66th Street, Denise heard a female voice in her head utter one word, Mercedes. It did not sound like Myla.
“Could it be the woman helping her?” Layla asked.
“I don’t know. She is not answering.
The Mustang that now appeared as a GTO continued west until Layla brought it around to Foothill Drive. “There is a definite lack of the color green around here,” she said.
“Yeah. It’s kind of depressing.”
“Well there’s some money in these parts,” Layla laughed.
“I really like this car you chose. I wonder if we’ll have anyone offer to buy it?”
“I’ve always loved GTO’s.”
“Wonder how many folks are going to be looking up tonight?”
“Really?”
They drove along the winding roads through the area. It reminded Denise of a poorly designed Chicago suburb. When they turned off Ransom Road onto County Road 6900 heading west, Denise heard the sound of two female voices softly singing in her head. Everyday it’s a gettin’ closer, goin’ faster than a roller coaster, love like yours will surely come my way.
“I’d know that look anywhere,” Layla giggled.
Denise started singing the lyrics to her.
“Buddy Holly again. What say we go visit his grave?” Layla said.
“After last night, if we can get near it, let’s.”
Denise turned on the radio and moved through the Lubbock area radio stations. “Lot’s of good Christian radio down here.”
“You know you can tell a lot about a place by the music they listen to.”
Denise turned the CD back on. “Somewhat depressing.”
“Well darling, we’re officially within the Lubbock city limits,” Layla said.
“What’s it like driving a GTO?”
“Sweet.”
Buddy Holly’s grave was not hard to find. The road alongside it was lined with vehicles. There must have been around 250 people gathered there, mostly talking about the night before.
“Come on, bring your camera,” Denise said.
They parked the Mustang GTO on the drive and walked over to the grave. No one seemed to give them a second look. “Pennies and guitar picks,” Layla said, snapping a few images of his tombstone.
Denise was trying to imagine the plane crash that killed him. “So sad. Imagine all the great music he might have recorded had he lived longer.”
“Yeah, but what interest do THEY have in Buddy?” a man in his twenties asked, pointing up to the sky above.
“Maybe they just came to pay their respects, as fans,” Layla said.
“Well, at least they didn’t steal the tombstone. They can take people but please leave the tombstone,” another guy laughed.
Let’s get out of here, Denise said.
When they walked back to the car there were two Latin men leaning against it, a young woman standing between them. Denise recognized the woman as the person who was helping Myla.
“It should be ok,” she whispered to Layla who was already getting into kick someone mode.
“Excuse us, but we were leaving,” Denise said when they go to the car.
The woman said something quietly to the two men and they walked over to a car about a half block away. “Denizen?” the woman asked.
“Yes. Mercedes?”
“Yes,” she smiled.
Layla felt a bit uneasy and continued looking around waiting for the bomb to drop.
“Can you direct us to where Myla is being kept,” Denise asked. For some reason she felt a sudden sense of urgency.
“I would have, but she is gone. They left in the middle of the night after last night’s visits.”
Layla still looked around expecting someone to try taking them into custody.
Denise weighed what Mercedes just told her. She had no reason to believe the woman who helped her get her messages out, who sang along with Myla to get her to come to this place, was lying for whoever had her.
“How did you know I would come here?” Denise asked.
“I saw you before you even heard our song, just as you have seen part of your future.”
“Did they leave any clue, anything, a word, a thought, anything that might help us know where they’ve taken her?”
“Perhaps. It may be nothing, it is not much.”
“Yes?”
“I heard one of the men telling someone on his phone that they were moving to a place in the desert smack dab between the green eyes.”
“Between the green eyes?” Denise sighed.
“They left by car, two black large SUV’s,” Mercedes said.
“I can’t ask you to risk more than you have Mercedes, but is there any way you can direct us to where she was being kept?”
Layla relaxed a little convinced there was no attack coming.
Mercedes handed her part of a menu for a Mexican restaurant holding it with a napkin.
“Roswell New Mexico?” Denise asked.
“Turn it over. That is where she was. The menu is from a restaurant you need to go to for a good dinner and more,” Mercedes smiled.
“Thank you.”
“I work out of a pool that is sent many places to clean. I knew something important was coming into my life,” Mercedes said.
“I believe you,” Denise smiled.
“Try to act quickly on your dreams Denizen. The future for Myla may be very bad if she is not found soon.”
“Yes, as will the future be of those who hold her if she is harmed in any way.”
Mercedes turned to walk to the car the two young men waited at.
“Mercedes,” Denise said.
She turned to Denise.
“One moment, please.”
Denise reached into the back seat of the Mustang and took out one of the envelopes she had pre-filled with various amounts of cash.
“Here, I want you to have this as a token of my thanks,” Denise said.
“I did not come here for a reward.”
“It is not a reward, it is a thank you. Please,” Denise said handing her the envelope.
“Thank you Denizen. Good luck and be careful.”
“We will, thanks.”
Their car did a U-turn and was gone in a blink.
“Well baby, what’s next? Layla asked.
“We need to find a place to change clothes,” Denise said getting into the Mustang and closing the door.
“Sweet.”
Denise keyed the address into Google Maps, 3162 18TH Street. “Texas Tech?” she asked.
“A good place to hide someone, in the middle of a campus, and not just any campus, but one that has faculty and staff who could be tapped into for a price to examine her,” Layla said.
“It’s a fucking dorm from what I can see.”
“Well maybe we won’t need to change after all.”
“No, I think we’d better. No telling what we are going to find.”
Denise sat back to relay the information they had gathered to Nola as Layla steered the Mustang west across town to campus.

Chapter 34
18th Street

“So, I wind up in a dorm anyway,” Denise giggled as the Mustang GTO turned on to University Avenue heading north to campus.
“I loved and hated the dorms when I was in one for my entire first year at school. Neely was a real party dorm when I was there,” Layla said.
“We can park at their Rec Center and it is just a short walk from there,” Denise said.
Layla drove the Mustang past the address on 18th Street before driving around to park. “I think we can blend in without the suits, what do you think?”
“Yeah, I think we can. Hey, there’s a Starbucks at the Rec Center,” Denise said.
“Let’s hit it on the way out.”
They parked the Mustang and strolled through the Center. “I guess if you’ve seen one you’ve seen them all,” Layla said.
“I like our Student Center in Carbondale, especially after the night of It Came From the Chicago Subway,” Denise laughed.
They exited the building. The bright sun was beating down on them as they walked across a field heading south. “Let’s get some Texas dirt on these new boots,” Layla laughed.
There was a surprisingly ghost town feel to the Dorm as they approached it.
“Summer term. The building is not being used I’ll bet due to the lower attendance now,” Layla said.
“Suits?”
“Nah, let’s rough it.”
When they got to the front door it was open. They walked in and were stopped by a student whose job it was to make sure whoever was let into the building was authorized to be there. “Can I help you?” the young woman asked.
“Yes. We’re supposed to report to the sixth floor to clean,” Layla said.
“Great. Just sign in here. I’ll need to see your student I.D.’s.”
“Sure,” Layla smiled. She signed in as Abigail Albatross.
You’re not really going to need to see our student I.D.’s, Denise thought.
“At least it’s nice and cool in here,” Layla said.
Denise signed in as Jenna Bushkowski.
“Ok. The elevators are just beyond the door,” the woman said buzzing them in.
Many of the doors to the rooms were open providing the only light as they walked down the long dark hall.
“Room 602,” Layla whispered. She listened at the door for any sound in the room. After nodding to Denise that she did not hear anything, she tried the handle. “Locked.”
“Go Supergirl,” Denise giggled in a whisper.
The door created a loud pop when Layla forced it open with a twisting wave. They waited in silence for a moment to see if the loud noise alerted anyone who might be on the floor that they could not see. The sound of their breathing was all they heard.
When they entered the room it was dark inside. She tried the light switch and it did not work. “Must be out on the entire floor from the looks of things in the hallway,” Layla said. They walked inside and closed the door behind them. Denise pulled out her iPhone, turned it on and activated her Flashlight App. She made her way to the window and raised the blinds just enough to light the room.
There were beddings and towels strewn about the room. It had the appearance of someone leaving in a hurry.
Denise walked over to the sink Myla had stood at and looked at her own reflection in the mirror. Where are you Myla?
Layla found a few caps that cover the tip of a new syringe on the floor and handed one to Denise. “Small wonder why you’re not getting anything from her. They’ve probably got her so dopey she does not know where she is or is completely unconscious.”
“Yeah. Looks like they kept this place pretty clean up to the last minute. I can’t really explain why, but let’s take the bedding,” Denise said. They wrapped up a sheet and pillowcase inside a second sheet on the floor. “Let’s check the bathroom.”
“Ugh. Dueling bathrooms?” Denise asked, trying to see her way around the room with her iPhone. She tried the door to the adjoining room but it did not open.
“Check the lock,” Layla whispered.
“You lived like this for a year?”
“Yeah, but it was worth it for all the romance,” Layla giggled.
When Denise opened the door, a blow to the head that sent her reeling back into the bathroom greeted her, landing on the floor with a splat, dropping her iPhone that dimly lit the room. At the same time that she landed on the floor, the door to the room Myla was kept in flew open.
Denise could taste the blood in her mouth as she reached to grab the iPhone. A boot came down on her hand when it was over it. “I think we’d all just love to have a look at that fancy phone first.” It was the deep voice of a male. She could not see his face but judging from the size and feel of his boot he was not small.
Layla stood outside the bathroom in Myla’s room holding the beddings. “Help her up off the floor and go sit on that bed,” one of the men in the room said to Layla.
Layla reached down to help Denise to her feet.
More fucking bikers? Denise said when back in the room.
“More fucking bikers. Indeed,” Layla said.
“Watch your mouth bitch,” one of the other men said.
Are you ok?” Layla asked.
I’m from Chicago, I’ve had fat lips before.
“Put those sheets down and empty your pockets on to the bed, the biker said who walked out of the bathroom holding Denise’s iPhone. “Let’s see here,” he said looking down at her phone. “Password? What’s the password?”
Denise just stared at him. Her lip and hand were both throbbing now. “Eat shit,” she said softly.
One of the three pulled out a black handgun and cocked it. “In case you haven’t noticed, you’re in a bad situation so I’d watch what you say to that guy holding your ex-phone,” he said.
“I’m not fucking around. The password.”
“Apologies, I left part of it out. Eat shit and die.”
“And I told you to drop those sheets and sit on the bed.”
I need them conscious, Denise said.
I’ll try. Layla said.
The one holding Denise’s iPhone motioned to the others. They started walking towards them standing by the bed.
Shoot him in the left foot, Denise said to the biker approaching with the gun in his hand. He turned to his left and shot the other biker in the left foot.
Layla swung the tied up bundle of sheets in a waving motion across the room sending the two approaching bikers flying into the walls and doors. “Oh, you said to drop the sheets not you,” Layla said. The one holding the gun had dropped it. When he reached for it Layla kicked him into a state of unconsciousness. She reached down and picked up the weapon and sat down on the bed keeping it trained on all three men.
You will answer our questions, Denise said.
“Who hired you to wait here for visitors?” Denise asked.
“Some guy,” the biker bleeding said.
“Does some guy have a name?”
“Brownsville.”
“What did he look like?” Layla asked.
“We never met him. The information was given to us by a member of our club.”
“What’s his name?”
“Johnny.”
“Fucking Johnny again huh?” Layla spoke through clenched teeth.
“Where have they taken the being you are holding?” Denise asked.
“I don’t know. None of us knows. We were just told to come here.”
“And what were your orders if someone showed up?” Layla asked.
Denise walked over to collect her iPhone. “You cracked my screen you miserable piece of shit.”
“I asked you a question. What were your orders?” Layla said.
“To eliminate you any way we saw fit.”
“Do you believe them?” Layla asked.
“Yeah, all things considered, I do.”
“How did you plan on eliminating us?” Layla asked.
“Aw hell, we were going to fuck the shit out of both of you and put a bullet in each of your heads when we were through.”
Now you can put them to sleep. Denise said.
Layla simply flicked her fingers at the two that were still conscious and in an instant they were lying on the floor out like a light.
“I know this sounds gross, but should we check them for identification?” Layla asked.
“Not necessary. Empty that gun into the walls and shoot out the window. I want this place swarming with police.”
“It’s going to be loud.”
“That’s what I’m hoping.”
Not knowing how many rounds were in the gun, Layla fired three shots into the walls before shooting out the window. She then emptied the weapon into the walls around the room.
They quickly wiped anything they thought they might have touched to be free from fingerprints. When Layla finished with the gun she left it lying on the floor between the three men.
Layla opened the door quickly and they bolted out the door closing it behind them. She led the way walking quickly to the stairwell. They hadn’t gotten more than fifteen feet when they heard something whiz by their heads just before they heard the gunfire. Instinctively they dove to the ground. “I can’t see anyone,” Layla said.
“Yeah, well hopefully they can’t see us either,” Denise said.
“Can you find your way to the end of the hall and the stairwell in the dark,” Layla whispered.
“Yeah, I think so.”
“Get ready to move.” Layla forced all the doors shut that were the only source of light in the now completely black hall with a fury.
They dashed for the stairwell. “I hear someone coming up behind us,” Layla said as Denise slammed into the fire door and bolted down the stairs with Layla right behind.
“Just keep going,” Layla said. She stopped between the first landing and the second waiting for whoever was following. A large man wearing a headband to keep his long brown hair in place, dressed in the basic biker garb of worn too long dirty denim came bolting through the door and started down the stairs. By the time he saw Layla it was too late. She had him bouncing off the walls before slamming him to the hard floor writhing in pain. She kicked his handgun down the stairs and flew down them to a waiting Denise.
“I hear voices out there,” Denise said.
They stood silent for a brief second. “Police,” Layla said. “I’m going to run out the door freaking out like someone is up there having a gun battle. You do your thing to convince them and let’s hope it works.”
“Go,” Denise said.
Layla ran out the door ahead of Denise screaming about someone upstairs having a gun battle.
Help us. They are shooting at everything. They are going to kill us all, Denise thought.
A parade of six police officers made their way up the stairwell. An ambulance crew was tending to the girl who was working at the front desk when they arrived.
“Girls, are you okay?” a paramedic asked.
“Yeah, we’re fine, just completely freaked out. I don’t like firearms,” Denise said.
More police and SWAT teams were arriving when they walked out the front door, still trying to look timid and terrified.
No one gave them a second look as they quickly made their way to the Mustang, Layla still carrying the sheets.
“Do we have time for that latte?” Denise asked.
“Those lattes, I want a couple before I need a drink,” Layla laughed.
“You are Supergirl.” Denise smiled moving over to stop her and give her a kiss.
“If only bullets could bounce off me,” she smiled.
“No really. You’re amazing.”
“How’s your lip besides obviously swollen?”
“Throbbing. I’ll survive.”
“Come one, lattes are on me,” Layla said.
“Thanks Supergirl.”

Chapter 35
Roswell

Once they got off campus, Denise had Layla pull over so she could change the outer appearance of the Mustang. “It’s my turn. I loved the GTO but no telling who saw us leave in it.” She pushed the button and the outer appearance of the Mustang was now that of a Ford Galaxy two door circa 1969, in metallic green with a black vinyl top.
“Okay. The parent’s car. It’s kinda perfect actually.”
“Ha.”
Layla drove the Mustang Galaxy at a leisurely pace to Roswell. They were happy to get out of Texas, and checked into a Holiday Inn when they arrived. Denise wanted to clean up before going out to a Mexican Dinner.
“Bring up the beddings,” Denise said.
Layla stuffed them into her bag and they made their way up to their corner room on the second floor.
“It feels good to shower off Texas,” Denise said coming out of the bathroom.
“How’s your lip?”
“Fat. How are you? Did you acquire any nicks, cuts or scratches?”
“No, I’m good. My foot is a little sore. That guy had a thick skull,” Layla laughed. “Well, I’m going to get in the shower.”
“Enjoy.”
Denise plugged in her charger on the iPhone and unlocked it. “I have to replace this.” The screen was cracked and the home button was unresponsive. “I guess I’ll have to do it the hard way,” she sighed. She took out the Yellow Pages and looked for places that might sell iPhones. “Hate wasting my time on this but I need a phone.” There was a soft knock at the door. She looked through the peephole to see Cyn and Suar standing in the hall.
“Come in, please,” she said.
“Oh my. I am sorry you were injured,” Cyn said.
“Oh, it’s nothing really. Still have all my teeth and wits,” Denise giggled, flinching a little when she smiled.
“Please, lay down on the bed and I will make sure you have not sustained any other injuries,” Suar said.
She heard the shower stop. Honey we have guests so don’t freak out, she said.
From upstairs?
Yes.
The doctor opened a bag and took out a similar but smaller device to the one he used to treat her bruise on the Tyrine.
“Luckily you have no internal injuries from your fall. Tell me, does this hurt?” he asked doing something to the device he had in his hands.
“Oooh, yes it does,” Denise said.
“Please lay on your stomach,” Suar said.
Denise flipped herself over. When she did she noticed the pain he pointed out hurt more.
“You have a bruised vertebrae,” he said.
Layla walked out of the bathroom with a towel wrapped around her. “Hello. How’s the patient?”
“Hello,” Cyn said.
“Hello. She’ll be fine in a moment.”
Suar used a device that hovered over her back for a few minutes and the pain was gone. “You can turn back over and get comfortable.”  When she did, he used a smaller device that tingled quite a bit. Layla watched in amazement as the fat split lip Denise had moments ago changed to perfectly normal.
“That tickled.”
“It may continue for a few minutes,” Suar said.
When the doctor was finished Denise propped up the pillows and sat on the bed.
“I am sorry we were not close enough to assist you earlier today,” Cyn said.
“Yeah, well, no sense in leveling an entire dorm over a few scumbag bikers,” Denise laughed.
“Oh, there are many other ways to assist you,” Cyn said.
Layla sat in a chair and sighed. “Your lip looks so kissable again,” she giggled.
Denise just shook her head and smiled.
Cyn walked over and handed Denise a small box. “I heard you needed a new one,” she said.
“How could you possibly have known mine was broken?” Denise asked opening it to find a new iPhone.
Cyn simply smiled. “May I have your broken one?”
“You want my broken iPhone?”
“Yes, very much.”
“Well, I’ll have to activate this one and load up all my programs and other stuff.
“Oh, that’s already done.”
Denise turned on the iPhone to discover it was exactly like the broken one.
“I’m not even going to ask how you accomplished all of that,” Denise laughed.
“You know, when the time comes for me to upgrade, I would like to order my iPhone from you Cyn,” Layla laughed.
“No need. I have one for you as well. Of course you will need to configure it to your liking.”
“Wow. Thank you very much.”
“It is you who have our thanks,” Cyn smiled.
They sat around for nearly an hour as Denise and Layla brought them up to speed on the day’s events.
“We’re going out for a Mexican dinner, would you like to be our guests?” Layla asked.
“Perhaps another time. We’ve a lot to work on with your latest information.”
“Oh, wait, before you leave. Layla can you get the beddings?” Denise said.
Layla walked to her bag and took out the beddings and one of the syringe caps. “Here. We are convinced Myla was on and covered in these. Perhaps they will be of some use to us.”
Myla took the bundle in her hand. She closed her eyes for a moment as she brought them to her face and breathed deeply. “Thank you again.”
“Cyn. There aren’t any buttons on this iPhone I need to not touch until they’re explained to me are there?”
Cyn chuckled. “No Denise, not this time.”
They parted ways, and Denise and Layla prepared for dinner and a tour of Roswell.

Chapter 36
Mexican Dinner

“Always a good idea to know what the police cars look like in a new town,” Layla said as they drove past someone stopped for a traffic violation.
“I always thought so,” Denise said. “It should be up here on the right, yeah there it is, Tia Juana’s.”
“How can we be sure today’s the day?”
“We can’t, but when she handed me this it felt like an ‘If you come they will be there’ moment.”
The restaurant was not very crowded, so they chose a table along a wall. A waitress brought them menus and water.
“It’s hard to find a restaurant with good enchiladas,” Denise said.
“Really?”
“Yes. I am spoiled. One of my neighbors made the best enchiladas. Never found any to compare.”
“Taco dinner might be safe.”
“I think that’s what I’m leaning towards.”
They each dined on taco dinners and a few Margaritas.
“Well, we’re sure we are in the right restaurant. Perhaps this is just the wrong day,” Layla said.
“Yeah, well, I needed a good meal more than anything and we found one here.”
“We could order a few more drinks, wait a little longer,” Layla said.
“Don’t tempt me,” Denise laughed.
“Ha.”
“I haven’t had a hangover in a long time.”
“Let’s take a tour of Roswell, I mean we’re here,” Layla smiled.
“Yes let’s.” Denise motioned for the waitress and asked for the bill. She handed her a fifty-dollar bill and told her to keep the change.
“Gracias,” the waitress smiled.
They finished up their drinks and left the restaurant.
When they walked into the parking lot they saw two Latina women sitting on their motorcycles in front of a sign that read PARKING FOR HOGS, HORSES & MOTORCYCLES.
“Oh my,” Layla whispered.
They walked slowly to the Mustang Galaxy.
Denizen? Denise heard in her mind. She turned to look at the two women with long black hair who were staring back at her.
“Hang on baby, I think they’re here to see us,” Denise said softly.
Layla put on her sunglasses and followed Denise to where they were standing.
“I am Denizen.”
“I am Eva, this is Rose. I did not want to interrupt your dinner.”
“Layla. That was nice of you.”
“Mercedes is a good woman. The one you seek is lucky that she was assigned to that job.”
“Yes she was.”
Eva could not help seeing Denise looking at their motorcycles warily. “You don’t have to worry. I know you’ve had some trouble with a few male bikers.”
“Trouble. No trouble at all,” Layla said.
The sun was starting to set, the light harsh that seemed brighter than Denise was used to. She wished she had not left her sunglasses in the car.
“It is just transportation, like your vintage car. Here,” Eva said, handing Denise a folded up piece of brown Kraft paper. She opened it to find a drawing. “Between the eyes. Not visible on most maps. Plain as day in Google Maps, especially when you have seen it from up there,” she said pointing straight up.
“You’ve been up there?” Denise asked.
“Not recently, but your friends have, and their thoughts speak loudly at times.”
“We’re close then.”
“Close? It’s all relative I suppose.” Eva slid off the seat of her bike and stood next to Denise. “This is where you are now. These are the eyes, roughly mid way between here and the Grand Canyon. It is not far from Gallup. The area around there is rough, hewn, gorgeous, and treacherous. They’ll be able to see anyone coming for miles.”
“Thank you,” Denise said.
“When I was a little girl in Mexico, I met friends from another world. It’s been hard for me to deal with humans since. Find your friend. Act quickly on your visions. It seems pretty clear they are close to making some deal with the direction they are heading.”
“The government corporations,” Layla said.
“Do not underestimate these people Denizen. They will try to make it harder to impossible for you to simply take their prize without something in return, and from here on they won’t be using slobs on motorcycles.”
“Have you eaten?” Denise asked.
“Not yet.”
“The food inside was pretty darn good. May I treat you and Rose to dinner and a few Margaritas?”
“That would be nice.”
Denise reached into her bag and pulled out one of her pre-filled envelopes of cash. “Here you are Eva. Consider the rest a tip for a tip after you’ve paid for your dinner.”
“Thank you.”
“We’d better be going. I have a lot to think about.”
“I really dig your bikes by the way,” Layla smiled.
“Thanks.”
“It was a pleasure to meet you,” Denise said.
“Likewise.”
Eva and Rose headed into the restaurant and Layla and Denise headed out for a quick tour of Roswell and another meeting at the hotel with their friends from the Tyrine.

Chapter 37
Outside Encino

Denise and Layla got an early start despite the fact they were up well past midnight discussing the possibilities with Nola, Aren, Mari and Cyn. They had brought with them detailed imagery of ‘The Eyes’ that Myla was allegedly somewhere between.
“My gut feeling is telling me we need a good breakfast before we hit the road,” Denise said.
“That and a lot of water and snacks. I’d stock up on that driving through this region even if I wasn’t looking for someone that may very well be out in the desert,” Layla said.
“We need to change cars. What would you like to drive today?”
“Something that won’t get a second look, and something newer than the vintage vehicles everyone has seen us in so far. I don’t know, how about a 1999 Ford Taurus in silver?”
“We’ll make it so somewhere inconspicuous.”
They checked out and decided to eat at the IHOP down the street from the hotel, pancakes, eggs, sausage, hash browns and lots of coffee.
“There’s a Wal-Mart on the way out of town we can hit for water and goodies. Might be a good idea to pick up some nice size back packs too just in case,” Layla said.
“You know what’s best,” Denise giggled, a small dribble of syrup traveling down her chin.
“Your lips look great.”
“They survived you all night,” Denise laughed.
When they left the restaurant Layla pointed the Mustang north up Main Street. She then changed the Mustang to a Taurus before they parked in the Wal-Mart lot. Inside they purchased a few cases of water, a shopping bag full of snacks that would not melt or perish in the heat, two large backpacks, a pair of Nikon binoculars and a car charger so they could keep their iPhones charged just in case.
Their suits were not in the trunk. Nola took them back to the Tyrine to have them modified, but promised to deliver them later in the day.
“Which way?” Layla asked.
“We’ll be coming up to 285 on the left and stay on that for 140 miles.”
“A little driving music please.”
Denise chose a CD of songs by Morrissey and The Smiths.
“Ooh, haven’t heard these in a while. Good choice.”
The scenery was flat and full of wide-open spaces. Denise would focus on trying to contact Myla to no avail.
“Lots of places boarded up, looking like they’ve been out of business for a long time,” Layla said.
“Yes, I noticed.”
“Some of these places are pretty cool looking though,” Layla said as they drove slowly through a town called Encino.
“Why do you think they did that to those two huge trees?” Denise asked pointing to two trees in the front of a home with all the top branches sawed off.
“Firewood maybe.”
“Oh my. See anything wrong with that sign?” Layla asked.
“New Menagement. Seen any schools yet?”
“Nope.”
They passed an old abandoned and broken down house that had a fresh looking sign leaning against the front porch that read Drive Cautiously Ahead.
“Ah, 70 mph,” Layla said as she picked up the pace once again.
Roughly ten miles out of Encino they noticed a man sitting on the tailgate of his old Chevy pickup truck. When he saw them coming he held up a sign that read DENIZEncino.
They slowed to a crawl when passing him. He waved as they did. “That’s got to be more than a coincidence. Stop.” Denise said.
Layla pulled the Mustang over on the shoulder and they both got out and walked over to the back of the truck.
“Do you need help with your truck?” Layla asked.
“No,” the man laughed. He looked like he was in his sixties. His long silver hair was tied back in a ponytail. “It is you I think that could use my help.”
“And why do you say that?” Denise asked.
“Because I saw you coming.”
“You saw us coming, like just now, down the road?” Layla said.
“No,” the man laughed again. “I have seen you coming for days. I am happy to see your lip has healed.”
“Thank you. I am Denizen.” Denise said.
“Yes. I am Ahtun. What I have to say will not take long.”
“Ahtun. You are a Native American. What does it mean?” Layla asked.
“One who lives below.”
“So have you met anyone from up above?” Layla asked.
“Yes, when I was a young man. They have not returned in a very long time, but they said they would in my lifetime.”
“I will miss our friends when they leave,” Denise said.
“Here, look at this,” Ahtun said pulling out a map he or someone else drew. “You are to meet another guide but they will not be there until tomorrow.” Places to stay are far and few between west of Albuquerque, so if you need a place to stay until tomorrow, I would recommend doing so there.”
“We are meeting someone in Albuquerque?” Layla asked.
“No. If you choose to stay there, I recommend the Hotel Andaluz. The staff there is very friendly and the accommodations are superb.”
“Ok. So where are we meeting the guide? Does the guide have a name?” Denise said.
“Her name is Yoomee. It is roughly ninety miles west of Albuquerque. You will exit Highway 40 here, 412, Pillowcrest Road, and continue on it until you arrive here, at Bluewater Lake.”
“What does her name mean? It’s a hobby of mine,” Layla asked.
“Star.”
“Sweet.”
“Are you from around here?” Denise asked.
“This is my home planet. I move often.”
A black and white State Police car cruised past them, slowing down to see what was happening.
“Directions if he asks,” Ahtun said. The police car simply continued down the highway.
“You said you saw me coming,” Denise said.
“Yes, as shall you if you have not already started to see the future.”
“I think I have, it may have been a dream, and yet here we are, in the New Mexico desert.”
Denise excused herself and walked back to the car to get an envelope of cash. When she handed it to Ahtun he kindly refused it. “I have more money than I can spend in six lifetimes,” he laughed.
“I hope I haven’t offended you,” Denise smiled.
“Not at all. Being able to see the future makes it easy to invest in your independence,” he smiled.
“Yes, I suppose it would.”
“Thank you,” Layla said.
“Yes, thank you. Will we ever see you again?” Denise asked.
“The future is unwritten. Anything is possible.”
“Indeed.” Denise smiled.
They each gave him a hug before they got back into the Mustang and headed for Albuquerque.
A few miles up the road, Layla looked back to see if he was behind them but she could not see his truck anywhere.
“He vanished,” Layla said.
“He may have never REALLY been there at all.”
“Albuquerque has to be one place I may have never chosen to visit in this lifetime,” Layla said.
“Want to know what it means?”
“Of course.”
“White oak.”
“Let’s have pizza for dinner.”
“Pizza sounds nice.”

Chapter 38
Albuquerque

Hotel Andaluz was the nicest they had stayed in so far. What made it even nicer was the fact that around the corner was JC’s New York Pizza Department. The menu looked wonderful, at least online.
Mari, Senn and Kinsa came to their room on the fifth floor to talk about the following morning. Layla could not help but be a little wary of everyone they’d been meeting along the way, and the directions took them well off the beaten track into the New Mexico wilderness on secondary roads.
“I felt a sense of trust with Ahtun,” Denise said.
“We will be over the area all morning tomorrow,” Mari said.
“Let me explain the new feature in your suits,” Senn said. “They work by the same principle as that built into the car that alters its outer appearance. Kinsa’s suit is fitted with the modification. Kinsa if you please.”
Kinsa activated the suit and in a blink Layla was standing in her place. She changed it again to be Denise, then the man working at the front desk who checked them in, before returning to herself.
“Fascinating,” Denise laughed.
“I am impressed. No side effects?”
“A tingling sensation upon activation and deactivation,” Mari said.
“I know, I know, you have a lot of preparations before tomorrow so you cannot join us for a pizza,” Denise said.
“Not just any pizza, but a New York style pizza,” Layla grinned.
“Actually, Senn is the only one who cannot attend. Mari and I would be delighted to join you for dinner,” Kinsa said.
“Yes. Girls night out,” Layla said.
Great. We’ll be ready in a jiffy.”
“Is being on our world offensive to you, in lieu of all that has happened?” Denise asked Kinsa as they walked to the restaurant.
“No. Although most of the inhabitants of your world are illogical and cruel, the percentage that is not makes it tolerable. Then of course, there is you and Layla, the closest to us, the easiest to call friend.”
Layla and Mari walked ahead of them like an advance guard.
The restaurant smelled wonderful, a blend of baking and all the ingredients that went into good Italian cooking. It wasn’t overly crowded, so once again Layla asked for a table along a wall.
“What do you think of the pizza,” Denise asked. She ordered two Little Italy pizzas, peppers only on a thin crust.
“I don’t have much to compare it to,” Kinsa said. “I never tried pizza until I met you. But, compared to what you chose for us as a addition to our menu just after we met, I can see now our menu can be improved upon.”
“I’ll take that as a compliment,” Layla giggled.
“Yes,” Mari smiled. “And, I’ll be taking what we don’t eat with us so we get it right. This pizza is delicious.”
“So, it’s a nice evening, would you like to walk off dinner?” Denise asked upon exiting the restaurant.
“Yes. It is a nice evening,” Kinsa said.
They strolled west up Central Avenue Southwest that took them through what appeared to be a blend of old original architecture and new, full of shops and restaurants.
“What are restaurants like on your home world Kinsa,” Denise asked.
“On our world, the equivalent of your restaurants are places for social gathering and dining, but at them you can dine on anything in our growing menu. Today’s pizza will be added to that menu. They don’t exist to compete or for profit. We did not evolve with the concept of personal riches. The spaces are all individually styled and creatively so.”
“No tips?” Layla asked.
“No. Money does not exist on our world,” Mari said.
“How fantastic. We really fucked up didn’t we?” Layla laughed.
“The path your species chose was not the best path perhaps,” Kinsa smiled.
When they got to the corner of 5th Street Northwest Denise asked how they were holding up to all the car exhaust from vehicles passing by.
“We will be emitting your ‘Chicago Subway’ in a little bit,” Mari smiled.
“Come on. One more block and we’ll come around and call it a night,” Denise said.
In the middle of the block Denise noticed an Indian Jewelry and Craft Store. “I’d like to stop in here real quick,” she said, pointing to the store.
“If you wish,” Kinsa said.
Once inside, since neither Denise or Layla were big on jewelry, and no one from the Tyrine ever wore any, they gravitated to the huge selection of pottery.
“Oh my look, a salamander,” Denise said, pointing to a gorgeous orange pottery with a black salamander on it adorned with white dots. “This one is for me. I’ll use it as a planter.”
“I hope it survives our journey,” Layla said.
Denise turned to see Kinsa holding a small figurine and walked over to where she was standing. “She’s a rain goddess, well, it looks like a female to me anyway,” Denise said.
“It’s beautiful,” Kinsa smiled.
“A souvenir for you, of a part of our species that manages to dream and be creative in spite of the direction we chose,” Denise said, taking it gently out of her hands. She walked over to the cashier and paid for her pottery and the figurine.
Once outside they strolled back to 5th Street and turned left.
“It’s a lot less crowded here for you to make your departure,” Denise said.
“Where’s your ride?” Layla asked.
“Right above us, now,” Mari said.
“Mari, can you take my pot with you for safekeeping?” Denise asked.
“Of course.”
“Cyn will be in touch with you early tomorrow. Have a restful night,” 
When they turned the corner onto Copper Avenue Northwest, Kinsa and Mari activated their suits and vanished from site.
“Sweet dreams,” Denise said.
“Come on baby,” Layla said. “You’ve been driving me crazy walking in front of me for blocks.”
“Time for love?”
“Time for love.

Chapter 39
Enlightened

After a breakfast of apple cinnamon pancakes, scrambled eggs, hash browns, sausage and nine-grain toast, Denise and Layla checked out of the hotel and loaded up the Mustang, securing the modified suits.
“Out of season for Apples, but that was a delicious breakfast,” Denise said.
“It was indeed. Definitely the best hotel yet,” Layla said.
Back on Highway 40, about ten miles out of Albuquerque, Layla put the Mustang into stealth mode and slowed to the required speed to board the shuttle piloted by Cyn.
They had a few hours before they were to meet up with Yoomee. Cyn took them on a slow flight over the area where the meeting was to take place. From there they focused on the area ‘Between the Eyes’.
“Amazing. They do look like eyes from above,” Layla said.
“We’ll be staying in Gallup tonight,” Denise said.
“Great Native American hub.”
When it was time, Cyn dropped them off on a barren stretch of Highway 412 that would take them to Bluewater Lake, still in the Mustang silver Taurus.
“Think she’ll be alone?” Layla asked.
“Yes,” Denise said. She cracked open a bottle of water and handed it to Layla.
“Should I bring along a backpack?”
“Don’t think it’s going to be necessary on this trip.”
Denizen. The name sounded so subtle in Denise’s mind she did not know if was just her thoughts.
Myla. Is that you? I am Denizen.
Yes. Awake. Visitors. Soon.
They have you awake, conscious, for visitors?
Yes. Will try to show you. Unsure if I can. Feel so weak.
We are close Myla. Stay strong.
Yes.
Denise did not bother her with details about Myla’s last journey or where she was. It seemed pretty clear she’d been sedated since Lubbock.
“You’ve heard from her?” Layla asked.
“Yes.”
“Are you sure it was her and not our star we’re going to visit?”
“Yes. She’s awake and weak. They have her conscious to meet someone.”
Denise relayed the information to Trepa who passed it on to the Tyrine.
“Houses. This is a rugged area but quite beautiful in its own way,” Layla said.
“It’s not far after we veer to the left somewhere up ahead.”
Once on the stretch of road that curved to the left, Denise looked at the map Ahtun had given her. “The third road on the right. Follow that until it ends very near the lake.”
“There nothing soft in New Mexico is there,” Layla noted.
“Sand is soft.”
“Yes, I guess it is,” she giggled.
“You’re here and you’re soft,” Denise smiled.
“Not now honey. I’m in heat on this trip.”
“Ha.”
“This is the third road on the right,” Layla said.
“Yep.”
Denise wondered where Cyn was in the shuttle and sighed in amazement.
They parked where the road ended. “It’s just a short walk from here,” Denise said.
She slid her iPhone into her left front pocket and they walked across the uneven rocky surface towards the lake.
They saw a woman sitting on one of a few rocks that descended like steps. From behind, her jet black straight hair was so long it touched the ground where she sat.
“Yoomee?” Denise said.
The woman turned her head to see who spoke and smiled. “I am Yoomee. You must be their friends.”
“They?” Layla asked. She couldn’t get over how young she looked.
“I’ve been listening to them. They are very close this morning.”
Yoomee stood up and motioned for them to follow her. She wore a light beige long tunic with a deep v-neck over what appeared to be a white tank top, boot cut blue jeans, and suede flat cowboy boots that matched the color of her top.
I feel so awkward, like a child, always being shown what I cannot see. Denise thought.
Don’t. Yoomee said.
“With and in all things we are relatives. I heard her speaking to you. If I have, I am certain others have as well,” Yoomee said. She motioned for them to be seated on rocks that appeared to be remnants of an old dwelling.
“Is that a good or bad thing?” Denise asked.
“Neither, it just is.” Yoomee turned towards the northwest. “She is out there,” she said, lifting her head. “She is not far at all.”
“I have wondered if there is a way to pinpoint a thought, like finding a cellphone that is turned on,” Denise said.
Yoomee had turned towards Layla and stared at her for a few minutes, as if pondering the question. “There is, but neither you or I have the ability to do so,” she said standing up. Neither Denise nor Layla noticed that when she did, she had a rock in her hand about the size of a golf ball. She took a few steps towards the lake. “Do you know what this place is?” she asked.
“No,” Denise said.
“Some of the oldest human life that existed on this continent lived throughout this region. Back then we were not only visited often by friends such as yours, but we were greatly influenced by them. Each time they returned, or new ones arrived, human existence seemed to advance. It did so then for all the right reasons. Those that have your friend, Myla, want what your friends have for personal gain, for harm more than good.”
“I believe you are,” Denise started to answer before she stopped speaking abruptly when Yoomee turned and hurled the stone in her hand as hard as she could at her and Layla. Instinctively, Layla threw her hand up to protect them. When she did the stone careened off in another direction, as if bouncing harmlessly off an invisible shield.
“That was not your friends who did that Layla, you did.”
“I did?”
“Yes.”
Yoomee beckoned Denise to join her. They gathered a few stones and took turns rapidly throwing them at Layla. Each time she deflected them before they even got near her.
“You are Supergirl, I told you,” Denise laughed.
Layla stood up humming music from the old Superman television series with both her arms up in the air flexing her muscles. “Yoomee, there isn’t any Kryptonite in these hills is there,” she laughed.
For the first time Denise saw Yoomee smile. Her hand was shaking after throwing the rocks at Layla that were clearly sailing at her head and may have caused some damage if not deflected.
“You’ve a rare talent, a level of telekinesis if you will that is rare, and you can control it with ease. It will only improve the more you use it.”
“Keep practicing my dear, you may not be at the ‘stop a bullet’ level yet,” Denise smiled.
“Ouch. Wouldn’t want to willfully test that out,” Layla sighed.
“The area just behind us, to the west, is an area Native Americans call The Love Dancers,” Yoomee said.
“And why is that?” Denise asked.
“Will your phone work here?”
Denise took out her iPhone and it indeed had a connection.
“Search for Bluewater Lake on your Google Maps,” Yoomee said.
Denise did as she asked and showed it to her.
“Zoom out a bit.”
Denise zoomed the view out.
“That’s good. Can you see the dancers in this area, wearing headdresses with their arms in the air?”
“Yes I can,” Denise said.
“Now notice that the area they are in forms the shape of a heart.”
“That’s pretty clear,” Layla said, looking at the same view on her own iPhone.
“Now zoom out a bit. You will note that this entire area is part of the left eye.”
“Between the eyes,” Denise said.
“This lake points to where Myla is being kept. Your plans were to travel to Gallup. A good choice, and one that you made some time ago yes?”
“Yes, days ago,” Denise admitted.
“You said Native Americans called this area by that name. How did they know, I mean you cannot tell from down here,” Layla smiled.
“You are not the first humans to go upstairs and return,” Yoomee laughed.
“Never thought so,” Denise said.
“I will not take up any more of your precious time. Your friend is here,” Yoomee said, pointing to a spot on the map near Gallup. “They are making preparations to move her again. I have seen it happen, and I have seen you in pursuit. Be careful, and use every tool at your disposal to rescue Myla.”
“We will, thank you,” Denise smiled.
“You will need them all before this is over.”
“I did not see a vehicle nearby, do you need a ride?” Layla asked.
“No.”
They hugged and said their goodbyes.
“One more thing Denizen. Do not take a room on the ground level while in Gallup. You will see clearer.”
“Never liked the ground level,” Denise smiled.
“Love and dance,” Yoomee smiled.
“We cannot stop love,” Denise said.
“And we love to dance,” Layla smiled.
They walked back to the Mustang and made their way back to Highway 40 that would take them to Gallup.

Chapter 40
Gallup

Since their backpacks were certainly large enough, Denise and Layla decided to take their suits from upstairs along with them to the hotel room and on any excursions in the area.
Denise chose a room at the Hampton Inn since it looked like the tallest hotel in Gallup, and each floor had a laundry room.
“We better stop for laundry detergent when we go out later,” Denise said as they made their way up to their room on the top floor after checking in.
“Oh, we’re going out later?” Layla asked.
“Yes. I’m asking you out on a date.”
“A date? Ok, where?”
“You know, we’ve been in the arid, wide open southwest for what, the better part of a week now? The weather has been clear with little or no clouds in the sky, and we have yet to head out somewhere to gaze at the stars.”
“Ooh, that kind of date. I accept.”
Denise dragged her to the bed after they settled in. “Time to chill.”
“Sweet.”
“Hey. There’s a bit in the news that women who wear less clothes actually live longer, up to twenty years longer,” Denise said to Layla coming out of the bathroom.
“I wonder if they could make these suits something smaller, you know, like a medallion we could wear around our necks,” Layla laughed.
“Then we’d never need to wear clothes,” Denise laughed.
“What should we eat?”
“Something with a drive-thru. I’m not up to a restaurant. Let’s gets some burgers and multiple Café Mocha’s and go see what we can see.”
“Ok.”
In regards to Layla’s suggestion for something to wear rather than a suit, we are working on it. Kinsa said.
Thank you. Denise said.
Layla changed the appearance of the Mustang to a 2010 VW Beetle, this time in silver.
“We’ve been lucky with silver. Silver Beetles and all luv,” she laughed.
“Good girl car. Oh yes, Kinsa said they are working on an alternative option to the suits.”
“Sweet.”
“Don’t you ever want to drive this beautiful vehicle?” Layla asked.
“Sure I do. I’m just too busy thinking. Wonder why I did not hear from Myla again?”
“Yes, we must not lose focus on why we are out here.”
They pulled up in the drive-thru at McDonald’s.
“Let me get four cheeseburgers, two large fries, and four Caffe Mocha Lattes cold please,” Layla said.
The young woman taking their order was a Native American. “That will be $19.20.”
“Can you recommend any place not to far to get away from the city lights and star gaze?” Denise asked.
“Yes. Out where I live the sky is full of stars. It’s near Red Rocks State Park.”
“Sounds nice.”
“Take I-40 to 566 north, turn left there to the Park. It is only about nine miles.”
“Well thank you very kindly,” Denise said.
“Yes. Thank you,” Layla said handing Denise the food.
“If you are going to pick a spot to lay down, pick one away from any brush or other vegetation, and rocks.”
“Snakes?”
“And scorpions.”
“Thanks.”
They pulled over to eat before heading out of town.
“Wonder how many critters are out in that field alone,” Denise said when they were traveling north on 566.
“Maybe none. We could stay by the car if you like.”
“Never had to worry about scorpions in Southern Illinois,” Denise laughed.
“Yeah, well honey we ain’t in Southern Illinois that’s for sure, that’s for dang sure.”
There were a few cars and vans in the parking lot. The Red Rock formations loomed overhead nearby. Denise stuck her head out the window. “Maybe we should ask for a convertible?” she said.
“I wonder?” Layla said. She thought about a VW Beetle convertible, with the top down but it did not take. “Didn’t think so.”
“Are we getting spoiled?”
“Nope.”
“Come on,” Layla said, removing a blanket from the trunk. “There’s a picnic table over there.”
“Yay, no scorpions.”
“It really does look like more stars are visible in the sky,” Layla said.
“Here, let me help with that.” They spread the blanket out on the top of the picnic table and laid down on top of it.
“Oh look, a shooting star.”
“Make a wish.”
“Layla stared at her with a grin on her face. “Done.”
“Now that we’re here, it would be quite a hike up to the top of that mountain,” Denise said. “They don’t look that high when driving on the highway.”
“Yes it would.”
Denizen. Watch.
Myla.
Can you watch?
Yes.
Denise saw at least five men and one woman coming and going in her room. It did not look anything like the dorm room in Lubbock. This looked like somebody’s bedroom that was cleaned out and being used to keep her in. She focused on each of their faces in detail. Denise’s photographic memory would remember each one. She shifted to the view of one of the men standing at a window. When he moved the drape aside she saw the headlights of cars going by, and a large rock formation in the distance that looked a lot like those they had passed coming into the park.
“She’s near, here, very near,” Denise said.
“Really?”
“Wait.”
We could move the whole trailer if we need to.
Not necessary. It .. … far.. …wnsville.
Just want .. …. her. We’ll ne… … a ..tter price.
WHEN? Did they say when Myla?
No. Moving again. I feel you close Denizen.
Can you move about your room?
Only when others here.
You are in a trailer?
Yes.
Stay strong Myla. We are very close.
Denizen.
Yes Myla.
Be careful. They see all.

Chapter 41
Red Rocks

Denise was up for hours on her MacBook Pro, marking spots in Google Earth where they planned to search at first light. She made arrangements with Nola to be picked up on Highway 566.
“Ok with you if we just hit McDonald’s again for a quick breakfast and coffee?” Denise asked.
“But of course.” Layla was filling the backpacks with water, snacks and the suits from the Tyrine.
“I’m not feeling so optimistic that we should check out,” Denise said.
“Me neither.”
“Let’s stop at a gas station on the way to McDonald’s.”
“Did we forget something?”
“Nope, I just need to get something.”
Denise came out of the gas station with some chewing gum and a Bic lighter. “I read somewhere last night it is good to chew gum in the wilderness.”
“Ha. I need coffee.”
They passed through the McDonald’s drive-thru and left with two Egg McMuffins, and two large coffees with extra cream and sugar. After downing breakfast they made their way to the rendezvous.
“Feeling a sense of Deja-vu?”, Layla said as they cruised east on I-40 towards 566.
“Yeah. Just look at all those red rocks,” Denise said pointing across the highway.
“She’s near one of them and that certainly narrows it down.”
“And near one of them in a trailer. Cyn is going to give us a close look.”
“Wonder who else will be along on this trip?”
“I know Kinsa for certain, with Cyn in the driver’s seat.”
“I wonder if they can make lattes on the shuttle?”
“I’ll be sure to ask, they are SO good.”
Cyn and the shuttle were waiting right where they said they would be, between a large red rock mountain on the left and open fields on the right.
“You are really getting good at this,” Denise laughed once they were safely docked.
Senn greeted them, and it was not surprising to Denise that they would bring some muscle along just in case. But, aside from seeing them pushing buttons that smashed things into oblivion in some mysterious way, Denise was yet to see any signs of hostility or anger come from any member of the crew they’d met so far.
On board were just three crewmembers, Kinsa Cyn and Senn. “Get comfortable,” Cyn said.
“Cyn.”
“Yes.”
“Does one have to go upstairs for one of those delicious lattes?” Denise asked.
Cyn laughed. “No. Kinsa would you?”
“But of course,” Kinsa said.
“Well, now that you are comfortable and lattes are in hand, Senn has something for you,” Kinsa said.
A case Senn was holding opened to reveal two medallions, round and silver in color, attached to soft black leather-like necklaces. Each was two inches in diameter with an X pattern vertically aligned and a button in the center. Circular patterns detailed the background in relief.
“They’re beautiful,” Layla said.
“It is too hot perhaps for black suits in the desert,” Kinsa said.
“These will do what your suits do, and can easily be programmed to do much more,” Senn said. He gave them a demonstration with the one he was wearing, disappearing from view, reappearing as Layla and Cyn before returning back to his own form.
“You sure deliver,” Denise smiled. “We will leave the suits with you.”
“Thank you,” Layla said, sounding genuinely touched.
“Thank you,” Kinsa said.
“I’ll go get those suits,” Layla said after placing her medallion around her neck.
“Is there a name for this device?” Denise asked.
“Fowun. It means Four Directions,” Kinsa said. “It was inspired by your Native Americans.”
“A great name for it indeed.”
They all focused into the business at hand. The shuttle slowly passed over one Red Rock Mountain after another.
Must eat. Denise heard in her head.
Myla. Must eat?
Told I must eat, must get strong.
I am with Kinsa. We are searching for you. An image of a man that looked like he was in his thirties brought her a bowl filled with food.
Eat Myla.
Yes. Hungry and weak.
Are these the people who have been with you all the time?
No. Don’t know. Since conscious, no.
Is it safe to speak to them?
I choose not to. Perhaps think I cannot understand.
Two more men entered the room and were speaking to her smiling. Must eat. Get strong. Going home soon.
“If they’re smiling they’re up to something no good,” Denise said.
“Yep.”
They are feeding her, telling her she must get strong.”
“Fix up the package before you sell it,” Layla groaned.
“Cyn, head east slowly. There are more trailers in that direction.”
Cyn turned the shuttle east, passing over the very spot Denise and Layla were the previous evening.
Myla.
Yes.
Are they sedating you?
Not now.
We may very well be passing over where you are and cannot be sure. Try to send as much information as possible.
Yes.
Any time day or night.
Yes Denizen.
Where you are being kept, can you tell if it is day or night?
Yes.
“Kinsa, is there no way for her to know we are very near, to know we may very well be right over her?” Denise asked.
“There was. They removed it.”
“Would they know how to use it if they wanted to?”
“Unlikely.”
Denizen.
Yes Myla.
Important visitors tomorrow.
Great. Thank you. Stay strong Myla.
“Important visitors tomorrow,” Denise said.
“Some obvious movement?” Layla said.
“Perhaps.”
Denise laid out a grid for them to keep searching from above. “We may not have much luck today if there is no movement. Trailers are easy to find. Cyn, please get us back on the ground. I want to get some visuals while it is still day from all of these places I have marked on the map.”
“Where do you want to be dropped first?” Kinsa asked.
“Anywhere safe near here,” Denise said, pointing to the White Cliffs Mobile Home Park.
“This looks good here.”
“Ready to do some driving sweetie?”
“Oh yes,” Layla grinned.
“We’ll be at the hotel later, probably not until after dark. Can we have more than one craft here tomorrow?”
“Yes.” Kinsa said.
Denise and Layla made their way back to the Mustang to prepare for their drop off.
“I could really get used to one of these,” Layla giggled speaking of the shuttle.
“Me too. Sometimes though, there’s nothing like being on the ground.”
Cyn dropped them off about three miles north of the trailer park.
“We need to come out dressed for hiking and climbing tomorrow,” Denise said.
“We should wash some clothes later.”
“Yep.”

Chapter 42
Meeting

Denise awoke suddenly from a dream and sat up trying to put it all together. The sun was up already, and the rhythmic breathing of Layla next to her was the only sound in the room. Was it a dream? She thought.
Meeting Denizen. Leaving.
Myla.
Yes.
She saw a woman who was smiling at her enter the room and put clothes on the bed. She said something to Myla, smiled wider, and left the room.
“Layla, get up, we gotta move,” Denise said, shaking her into consciousness.
“Baby, what’s, something wrong?”
“I thought it was a dream but it’s happening now. They are moving her TO the meeting,” Denise said, nearly falling when she tried to slip into her jeans.
She saw an image of Myla looking in the mirror buttoning her shirt. “It’s a man’s shirt,” she said.
“A man’s shirt?” Layla asked zipping up her jeans.
“Yeah. She is dressed in a blue flannel shirt, pale jeans and what appeared to be some sort of slip on sneaker in white.”
“Good to know. Any idea where they are taking her?”
“Fuck I wish we knew where she was. No, but she looks a lot better.”
“That’s good news. Just one question, how are we going to know which direction to go?”
“Not sure yet, but I do know I need coffee.”
In short order they were in the MCDonald’s drive-thru again ordering exactly what they had ordered the previous day. Upon receipt of their order they parked in the lot to quickly eat their breakfast.
Must eat.
Denise saw an image of the same woman who brought her clothing enter the room carrying a small tray with what looked like a breakfast on it.
You are eating first. That gives us a little time.
Eat then leave. Not far to go.
We have a great connection Myla, keep broadcasting.
Yes.
“They just brought her breakfast,” Denise said, taking the last bite of her Egg McMuffin.
“We still need to know where to go. Oh this is frustrating.”
“They better hope you don’t get your hands almost on them,” Denise laughed. “I’m gonna tap into upstairs.”
“Yep.”
Denise relayed all the information thus far to Nola. 
We’ll be on the scene shortly with three vessels,” Nola said
“Great.”
“Be careful.”
“We will.”
More images started to come in. The same woman entered her room, walked over to the window and pulled aside the drapes before turning back towards Myla, a large smile on her face. It is such a beautiful day for a drive. Let me take that, it looks like you’re finished.
Denizen.
Yes Myla.
I do not know why, but I am frightened.
Be strong.
Myla shifted to the end of her bed giving Denise a clear view of the mountain outside her window. “It’s so close, the mountain is so close it is like they are right next to it,” she said.
“I wish I could see what you could see,” Layla said.
“Me too.”
Leaving Denizen.
Denise watched the images as Myla was taken from the room and led through the trailer to the exit, her hand in the woman’s with two men waiting outside and two behind her and the woman. She turned to show a clear view of the trailer, and looked around in all directions before being put in the back seat of a black SUV.
“What direction, what direction?” Denise said.
You were told to blindfold her. Why? Just do it.
Denise watched as the face of the man to her right smiled and spoke before everything went black. Blindfold Denise. Sorry.
“FUCK,” Denise screamed. “Honey get us back to what was it, 566 over by the Red Rock Park fast as you can.
“With pleasure.” Layla peeled out of the McDonalds’s parking lot and sent the Mustang into stealth mode as she drove down the block. She flew down I-40 as fast as she could without hitting anyone. There was a lot of early morning traffic.
Layla sped towards the Red mountains in the distance once they turned onto 566. Denise scanned the moutains from left to right. Closer. They were closer, she thought as they passed a turn off to the right. “They all look like houses,” she said. The next two turnoffs were to the right as well. “Nope. There were not a lot of homes around them.”
“This is the turnoff to the park on the left,” Layla said.
“Turn right here.”
They sped down Challenger Road. “Trailers. We’ve got trailers,” Layla said.
“Slow down. Keep going though, this is the wrong angle and they are too far away from the mountains.”
“Right next to a school, and down the road from a State Park?” Layla said.
“That’s it. Let’s park the car right here, but turn it around so we have a clear shot on getting away quickly if we need to. Park it just off the road in case anyone comes.”
“Affirmative.” Layla said.
“Don’t want any dents in this baby.”
“I wonder if it can be dented?”
“Ha.”
They activated their medallions, slipped out of the car and walked the short distance to the trailer. Denise looked into the window and found herself gazing at the very bed Myla sat on moments ago eating breakfast. They walked around the trailer and peeked into the other windows. I can’t see anyone inside. Denise said.
Better safe than sorry. Were you ever a girl scout?
Nope.
You’re gonna be today.
They walked around the trailer away from any windows. Layla activated her medallion first and Denise found herself looking at a young girl scout with red hair and lots of freckles. Your turn.
Ok, I have to stop laughing first. It’s those freckles. A moment later Layla was looking at a girl scout with long black pigtails. We’re gonna have to sound like little girls.
I suppose we could have them work on altering the voice if needed.
They knocked on the front door, Denise turning to look at the looming red mountain behind them. There was no answer. Layla knocked again, much harder this time. No answer.
“Well Supergirl,” Denise said trying the front door that was locked. “Do your thing.”
Layla popped the lock with ease. They entered and closed the door behind them. The place still smelled like breakfast. “Let’s get the beddings,” Layla said. They walked to the bedroom Myla had been kept in and gathered up the beddings she had been sleeping on. The trailer looked clean, too clean for Denise. She walked to the kitchen to find the refrigerator empty. There was no garbage to be found. It looked as though someone had lived there and had just moved out.
“What is it,” Layla asked, seeing the look of rage forming on Denise’s face.
“Fuck. It’s all too clean. They’re not planning on coming back,” Denise said through clenched teeth. She stormed out of the trailer and used the medallion to get back into stealth mode, Layla doing the same. “Let’s not give them anything to come back to, just in case.”
“You mean?”
“Yep. Demolish it Supergirl.”
Denise followed Layla to a safe distance from the trailer.
“It’s so big.” Denise watched as Layla left the trailer in a mangled heap rather effortlessly.
Airport. Denizen, airport.
Myla.
Did they say which airport?
No.
“Get us out of here,” Denise said once they were safely back in the Mustang.
The image in Denise’s mind was that of Myla’s blindfold being removed to reveal two men and a woman looking in at her through the opened dark window. “Asian. They’re Asian,” Denise said.
“That can’t be good, Layla said.
Leaving. Denizen we are leaving.
Tell me everything they say.
You will accompany us to Brownsville where we will finalize the deal.
“What airport, WHAT FUCKING AIRPORT?” Denise screamed.
The image showed the dark window going up and the SUV moving through many turns to a waiting plane. Terry, take the SUV, pick up the others back in Lubbock, and get to Brownsville quick as you can.
Myla was escorted onto the plane with all but Terry. Denise watched as the plane taxied to the runway and took off. The sun was behind them. When they left the ground the sun briefly glared strongly through the window Myla was looking out of as the plane banked and turned, eventually climbing to a height of not being able to make landmarks out clearly.
Myla.
Denizen.
We know what direction you are heading in. We are not far behind.
Yes.
“We need to find every thing or place that calls itself Brownsville from here to the tip of Florida,” Denise said.
“Palm trees. You know I’ve been seeing images of palm trees since Lubbock.”
“So have I,” Denise said.
Cyn, Nola, anyone?
We will be in the area within a minute.
One of you, come and pick us up. The others, see if you can find a private plane heading southeast with Myla aboard.
We will pick you up in the same place as yesterday, Cyn said.
We are on our way.
“They’re picking us up in the same place as yesterday.” Denise took out her iPhone, opened Google Earth and searched for ‘airports Gallup NM’. There were six. She ruled out four of them immediately as two were owned by the Navajo Tribe, and two were labeled for the same larger Municipal Airport. “Black Rock or Mystic Bluffs.”
“Airfields?”
“Let’s try to find a black SUV heading for Lubbock.”
“Oh joy,” Layla sighed. “Not fucking Lubbock again.”
“Fucking Lubbock, again.”

Chapter 43
Hot Lotto

After a search of an area Denise and Layla felt was as far as an SUV could have traveled in the time Myla took off and they were in the air produced no results, they had Cyn drop them off back near Gallup. She would return when they were finished to get them far enough down I-40 where they could travel in stealth in hopes of spotting the SUV.
They returned to the hotel room to shower and pack before checking out. Denise sat on the bed with the iPad in her lap while Layla showered. She keyed in New Mexico Lottery, and checked the winning numbers for the Hot Lotto ticket she’d purchased the day before at the gas station. 3-6-9-12-21-18 stared back at her. She could not help but giggle with delight at what she saw, not so much that she had the only winning ticket for the $2,520,000.00 prize, but that she had ‘dreamt’ the numbers, clearly saw them the night before. The words of Mercedes, Ahtun, Yoomee and the old woman in the Mexican Restaurant rang in her head. Act quickly on your dreams.
“These are not just dreams,” she said, looking at the iPad screen.
“Did you say something?” Layla asked, stepping out of the bathroom drying her hair with a towel.
“Yes. Let’s have Cyn drop us off near Albuquerque. We can have a good lunch there before hitting the road to nowhere.”
“Oh, I know. I cannot eat another McDonald’s meal unless absolutely necessary for a while.”
“I know what you mean.”
She took a screen shot of the address in Albuquerque where she had to go to claim her prize. Unlike her home state of Illinois, a winner only had 90 days to cash a winning ticket in. She had no idea when or if she might be back in New Mexico.
In short order they were back on 566 and in the friendly clutches of Cyn and the shuttle. She dropped them off close to where they were picked up days earlier, assuring them that she would be moments away if needed.
“Ok, what’s for lunch?” Layla asked.
“Mexican. I definitely have a taste for Mexican,” Denise smiled. “I’ll direct you.”
“Studio 6, are you planning to stay in Albuquerque?” Layla asked when Denise told her to turn right off Osuna Road Northeast.
“Follow this around to the left.”
She instructed Layla to park outside the lottery office.
“Ok, do you have something to tell me?” Layla grinned.
“I acted quickly on one of my dreams yesterday, when we stopped for gum, but it turns out it was not exactly just a dream.”
“Really?”
“I saw all the winning numbers as they were chosen for the Hot Lotto. So I played them just to see, and I won.”
“You won? YOU WON?”
“I saw the future. I’ve BEEN seeing the future and have not been able to tap into it fully, at least not yet.”
Layla gave her a big hug and kiss.
“Let’s get this over with. I’m starving.”
They went into the office to cash in her winning ticket. It was rather easy, all things considered. They informed her that the verification on large prizes such as hers took up to three weeks.
“I’m splitting it with you Supergirl,” Denise said.
“Why?”
Denise just smiled and got in the Mustang. “How about Padilla’s Mexican Kitchen, they have a solid five star review?”
“Sounds great.”

Chapter 44
Dust Storm

Layla flew down US 84 traveling east to Texas. “The food was delicious but I’m getting a little sick the closer we get to Texas,” she laughed.
“Yes, I know what you mean. When we come out of stealth just leave us as a Mustang. I want to be seen,” Denise said.
Denizen.
Myla.
Earlier. We need to change course due to a rather large dust storm in Texas.
Dust storm?
Yes. Going back to Texas Denizen. Going to Brownsville Texas.
Yes Myla. I am going to try and find out where exactly. Your friends are in the air between here and Brownsville trying to monitor all air traffic.
Arriving from south.
From the south, okay Myla.
Thank you Denizen.
Stay strong Myla.
Denise turned off the music and switched to the AM-Radio trying to tune in any reports about a dust storm.
“Myla said they had to change course to avoid a large dust storm over Texas. We might run into it.”
“Never been in a dust storm,” Layla said.
“Have a feeling they are going to be pretty common down here, especially with this horrible drought and heat they are having.”
“I’ll take the lushness of Little Egypt anytime.”
“Me too.”
Just over the border between New Mexico and Texas they ran into the dust storm. At first it was not much worse than a bizarre fog, but that changed.
“Going to take her out of stealth and slow down,” Layla said. “It looks pretty thick up ahead.”
“Make it so,” Denise giggled.
They were just southeast of Anton Texas when the blur of a vehicle traveling in the left lane got clearer the closer they got to it. “Is it black?” Denise asked.
“Hard to tell in this dust fog. It’s like driving through some bizarre blizzard.”
“Well, they’re not in a hurry. Get alongside them nice and slow.”
“Don’t startle them, got it. I don’t suppose Myla happened to transmit the make or plate number did she?”
“She may not even be aware of such things.”
The dust got thicker the further they drove. The few vehicles they saw on the road were either stopped and pulled over on the shoulder with flashers on, or they were driving slower than they were.
Layla pulled alongside the vehicle. “It’s impossible to tell who is inside with all this dust and their darkened windows,” Layla said.
Roll down your window. We are beautiful and we need help. Denise thought.
“If they roll that window down tell them their right rear tire is going flat,” Denise said.
The window seal opened then closed.
“Maybe your thoughts are not getting through the dust,” Layla giggled.
“I hope I didn’t lose that for being able to see the future,” Denise cringed. “Honk at them.”
Layla laid on the horn and motioned for them to lower the window. It remained up and the vehicle sped up only to slow down again because the visibility was close to zero.
“If they didn’t know this car most anyone would check to see what was wrong. How fast can you go in this mess?”
“Why?”
“I’d like to get far enough in front of them to shift into stealth. If they see us take off ahead of rather than behind them, and don’t see us anywhere, they might believe we just took off and are long gone.”
“I’ll lose them.”
Layla sped up and continued until she was sure they were far enough ahead of the SUV that they could not be seen.
“Switch us, it seems to be clearing up ahead,” Denise said.
Layla set the vehicle to stealth and pulled over on the shoulder. The black Ford SUV came cruising by, still taking its time in the clearing haze.
“It could be dangerous following him in stealth in this stuff,” Layla said.
“Silver Beetle and two giddy female college students?” Denise asked.
“Haa. Perfect.”
Layla switched the Mustang back to a Silver VW Beetle and they each activated their medallions to change their appearance.
The SUV was now driving in the right lane. “Is that smoke coming out of his window?” Denise asked.
Layla rolled down her window far enough to catch a whiff of cigarette smoke. “Yep. They have the window open.”
“Quick, pass them nice and slowly before they close it.”
“Quick and nice and slowly?” Layla laughed.
“Perfect. Give the appearance we are just two girls having a ball on the road when we pass.”
“Well, we are aren’t we?”
“Ha.”
The haze from the dust had cleared considerably, as if they had crossed some imaginary line where the storm ended.
“I may be wrong but I think that is sunshine,” Layla said as the Mustang Beetle passed the SUV. Denise was laughing and smacking her legs gently when they drove past. She looked up to see the face of Terry staring back with a cigarette hanging out of his mouth.
Denise laughed at him and Layla as she drove past the SUV and got in front of it. Eventually they slowed down enough to where he swung around and passed them.
“Great. Now let’s see where Terry leads us.”
“You got it. That’s a sexy body you’re wearing there,” Layla said.
“You don’t look so bad yourself toots,” Denise laughed.
The Mustang Silver Beetle continued to follow the SUV, eventually passing a sign that read Lubbock – 12 miles.

Chapter 45
Lubbock

A single level white house in a secluded area just northeast of Canyon Lake #6 on 19th Street is where Terry stopped with the SUV, gassing up before he did.
“Motorcycles. Bikers again,” Layla said.
“Do you get the impression these are NOT the brightest bulbs in the box?” Denise said.
Layla grimaced with anger. “You want to go in there and just beat it out of all of them?”
“Yes, yes I really do, but what would prevent those who flew away from disappearing? No, as painful as it may be, we have to follow these assholes.”
“How can we be sure they won’t do with Myla what they plan on doing with her before we even get there?”
“I’m acting quickly on a dream. I’ve seen Terry with Myla and the Asians.”
“Well they’re not waiting around.”
Three bikers accompanied Terry out of the house and into the SUV. One of the others got behind the wheel and Terry hopped in the shotgun seat.
“How are you holding up? Want me to drive for a while?”
“I think I’d like that,” Layla said, reaching in back for a bottle of water.
“Let’s wait until they start down the road and switch.”
“Okay. You pick the outside model today.”
Denise got in the driver’s seat, and switched the outer appearance of the Mustang to a Toyota Prius in Silver.
“How green,” Layla giggled.
“Always.”
“We have a LONG drive ahead of us honey, 666 miles to be exact per Google Maps,” Layla said.
“Why do you think they have these biker boneheads driving all the way down to Brownsville in this SUV anyway?” Denise asked.
“In case the deal falls through. Either that or they plan on not honoring the deal, and plan on leaving with Myla and a whole lot of cash.”
“Leaving with her or worse.”
“All the possibilities are pretty fucked up.”
“Yes they are.”
Hours later the SUV stopped at a Sonic in Eden Texas.
“Perfect choice,” Layla said. She pulled the Mustang up to a stall on the other side of the restaurant where they could still see the SUV.
“I’ve never eaten at a Sonic,” Denise said.
“They are edible, especially when you are on the road and desperate,” Layla laughed.
Denise ordered two Sonic cheeseburgers, two medium fries, two large onion rings and two large chocolate shakes.
“I gotta go peepee,” Layla said.
“I’ll wait for the food and go when you get back.”
Layla returned and Denise went to use the bathroom. She walked back to the car passing one of the bikers who was on his way towards the bathrooms. He did not even give her a second look. Damn he’s a big mother. She thought.
The bigger they are the harder they fall, Layla said.
They were back on the road again in short order. Denise changed the Mustang to a Pontiac Grand Am in white.
“Up for a little adventure Supergirl?” Denise asked.
“It’s been a long boring drive so far.”
“Open the iPad browser to the bookmark tsp.”
Layla opened it to see a site of Texas State Trooper cars and troopers. “Oh you are bold.”
“The car will be easy. Let’s try the uniforms with the baseball caps.”
Layla went first and was a slender male in a trooper outfit. “How do I look?” she asked.
“Good. Just don’t talk. We have to have them modify voice on these. My turn.” Denise said, changing herself into a heavier female trooper with dark brown hair. “Ok you do the car, wait until we are out of sight when they go around the next turn.”
Layla turned the Mustang into a black and white Texas State Trooper car. “How we going to get the lights to flash?”
“Try holding the button again and making them flash.”
That worked. Denise came speeding up behind the SUV and pulled it over on the small narrow shoulder of US-83. She and Layla both opened their doors and stepped out of the vehicle. “We look official,” Denise said.
“Yes, we do.”
Denise walked up to the SUV. “Somebody is in a big hurry tonight,” she said. “Can I see your drivers license and registration please?” She looked inside the car to see Terry going through the glove compartment for the registration. He pulled out a plastic packet and handed it to her. She could not help but notice that the two bikers in back kept looking down, not wanting to look her in the face. “Randy Clements. Did you know your drivers license expires in two days?” she asked.
“Thank you for reminding me m’am, I mean officer.”
She almost laughed in his face. “Where are you boys heading, and which one of you is Samuel Phillips?”
“He is the owner of this vehicle and our boss. We are picking him up in Brownsville,” Terry said.
“Boss? What does he do?”
“Imports and exports.”
“That might explain you meeting him in Brownsville.”
“It’s a very busy port. Lots of his business is conducted through there.”
“Randy, and this goes for the rest of you as well. I’m going to let you off with a warning this time, but if I catch you speeding in my neck of the woods again, I will issue you a citation.”
“That’s mighty nice of you officer,” Randy said.
Denise handed the packet back to Terry and the license back to Randy. “What’s the best pizza they have in Brownsville?” she asked.
That would be Gatti’s Pizza in the mall round back from where we’re going,” Randy said.
“Where exactly is that?”
“The Resaca de la Palma complex right behind the mall. Nice place,” Randy said.
Terry cleared his throat and Randy realized he was offering up too much information.
“Drive Safely.”
Denise walked back to the car. “Can you hop in right quick and turn off those flashing lights?” 
“Shore can Officer Pretty,” Layla laughed.
They watched the SUV pull away and continue down the highway. As soon as they were back in the car, a real Texas State Trooper car came down the Highway in their direction. “Just drive honey,” Layla said.
Denise steered the Mustang Trooper car off the shoulder and accelerated down the highway. The real State Trooper car slowed to a near stop, pulled over on the shoulder and turned its flashing lights on. “Let’s see what this baby can do,” Denise said. “Can you stealth us?”
“Affirmative.”
Denise gunned it to find them coming up on the SUV rapidly. She flew past them and continued down the highway until they were at least a mile ahead where she slowed and pulled over on the shoulder. The SUV came driving past first. “Keeping the speed limit like good boys,” she laughed. The State Trooper came flying by next, passing the SUV that was still following the Rules of the Road.
“Can we change now?” Layla smiled.
Denise changed back to herself and Layla followed.
“Pick a car, any car,” Denise said.
“You deserve a nice ride after all of that officer. She turned the appearance of the Mustang into a red Corvette.
“Oh baby. Do you just love me for my car?” Denise giggled.
“I think I’ll start looking for a place to stay in Brownsville,” Layla laughed.
“Yes.”

Chapter 46
Brownsville

Terry and company led Denise and Layla to a white house off Coffee Port Road. Denise was convinced this was not the house Myla was being kept at, since it was in the middle of a grassy field, with the nearest neighbor a double trailer, which, by the way, had four motorcycles, parked outside of it. Myla had shown Denise a brief view from her window. She was definitely not on the ground level and the view showed water that reminded her of Lincoln Park Lagoon in Chicago, with an open grassy field of empty lots across from her. She had also told her that a further meeting was delayed until arrival by boat.
“Arrival by boat?” Denise said, as they pulled out of the Motel 6 parking lot after checking in to a third floor room.
“Can’t let them sail with her,” Layla said, as she steered to a pickup point on Torres Boulevard.
Docking was becoming routine for Layla. She boarded the waiting shuttle piloted by Mari. Before the trip upstairs, Mari was directed to the house Terry and the boys were staying at. She hovered the shuttle a few hundred feet over the house and marked it, the SUV and two other cars parked outside of it with tracking signatures.
“Do that place next door too,” Denise said.
“Yes, and do the bikes parked outside too,” Layla giggled.
Mari marked them as well. “Nola has informed me that pizza is on the menu. Shall we?”
“Make it so,” Denise giggled.
The shuttle shot straight up, their view the shimmering vastness of space in what seemed like an instant.
No sooner did they get to the Tyrine did Myla start sending images of those watching her. The same woman from Gallup, two men Denise had never seen before, all looking very friendly, smiling. Their smiles disturbed Denise more than a kick. They are going to arrive too late to leave port. They will receive a strong advisory to ride the storm out in port. If they leave too late they run the risk of losing their vessel.
Myla. I am receiving you. Every message helps.
More Denizen. I wanted them to be gone before the storm hits. If they are damaged it alters their plans and ours. Why ours, if we are paid she is their problem. Perhaps.
Denise and Layla were led to Nola’s quarters to dine and plan. “You’re getting really good at these pizzas,” Denise said.
“Thank you. I will pass the compliment on to Kinsa,” Nola said. “Your alternative to the suits, they are functioning well?”
“Yes they are, an amazing convenience and most useful, but it’s funny you should ask about them because we were wondering if they could be programmed to alter our voices,” Denise said.
“Yes, make us sound like a male or little children,” Layla said.
“If you leave them with me I will see what we can come up with. I believe it is possible.”
After eating, they moved to an area of Nola’s quarters set up for lounging. They sat on a comfortable couch watching the Earth that filled the large window in the hull.
“She is being treated well. Eating. Getting stronger,” Denise said.
“This is good news.”
“They are speaking about a storm, and possible delays because of it.”
“I believe this is what they speak of,” Nola said, activating a screen on another wall. She pointed to an approaching storm in the Atlantic. “It will hit land within thirty miles of Brownsville.”
“Do you have any personal message you’d like to give to Myla?” Denise asked.
“Yes. Tell her Mele. Jumus nao grecia.”
Myla.
Myla.
Denizen.
I have a message for you from Nola.
I am being allowed to bathe. 
Oh yes.
Ahhhhh.
Nola says Mele. Jumus nao grecia.
Tell her Asneg laukad grit. Nalecia yran kainojamas.
I will. Enjoy your bath.
“She is bathing. I am sorry I disturbed her,” Denise said. “I gave her your message.”
“Bathing for us is an act of deep relaxation and meditation Denise, and personal gratification, although under the circumstances she may not choose the latter.”
“It is for us as well. She had a message for you. Asneg laukad grit. Nalecia yran kainojamas.”
Nola smiled, and walked over to give Denise a hug. “She says you are priceless, irreplaceable. I could not agree more.”
“Thank you. That means a lot to me Nola.”
“I know you are weary from your long drive, but a few members of the crew have gathered in the lounge. They have something for the both of you.”
They followed Nola to the lounge to find every crewmember they had met thus far standing around the table.
“We’ve never done this before, but understand it is customary on your world,” Kinsa said. She waved her hand over the table to reveal a large cake with two lit candles on it. “I believe tomorrow is your birthday Layla, so,” she paused until all could join in to shout, “Happy Birthday.”
“Wow. Thank you,” Layla grinned. “It is my birthday tomorrow after all. Thanks for reminding me I’m another year older.”
“I can’t imagine a nicer place for you to camp out overnight than our quarters,” Denise giggled. “Happy Birthday Baby.”
“I believe it is customary to make a wish and blow out the candles,” Nola said.
“Yes, yes it is.” Layla made a wish and blew out the candles.
“Yay, the cake survived,” Denise laughed.
“Oh my. I didn’t even think of that other possibility.”
They had a short party of cake and coffee before retiring to Denise’s quarters for the night.
“We know where Terry and the boys are, and they are marked. We don’t yet know exactly where Myla is, but we are in the same city and we know what part of the city she is being kept in. We need to thoroughly think out all possibilities, especially with a storm coming.”
“Your storms in this region can be intense,” Nola said as she walked them back to Denise’s quarters.
“Yes. I am not sure what the tolerance is of your shuttlecraft. If humans can build planes that fly into the eye of a hurricane for research I bet you can too. There is no force greater on our world that those created by our world,” Denise said.
“We will take great care, and hope for the best. Goodnight.”
“Goodnight, and thanks for the party,” she whispered before closing the door to her quarters behind her and Layla.
When she turned from the door closing she saw Layla getting into bed in her birthday suit. She held her arms out, “Come, give me my present,” she cooed.
Denise quietly sang Happy Birthday to her seductively as she undressed. When finished, she joined Layla on the bed and the lights went out.
“Happy Birthday Supergirl,” she said before showering her with kisses.
“Yes.”

Chapter 47
Doorbell

Biscuits and gravy were on the menu for breakfast. Nola, Pyta and Cyfer joined Denise and Layla to eat.
“I have a question for you,” Denise said.
“Yes?” Nola said.
“How, or should I ask why do you think they are proceeding with a transaction for Myla with the Asians? How can they be certain that she is not simply a human?” Denise asked.
“I have wondered about that too,” Layla said.
“It is evident from the first set of sheets that you brought to us from Lubbock, that she was administered at least two drugs your species uses as a form of truth serum,” Pyta said.
“So our drugs work on your physiology?” Denise said.
“Most would have some effect. These particular drugs would have a rather thorough effect of making a member of our species answer any questions we knowingly had an answer to. If we did not, obviously we cannot lie, so we simply would not answer.”
“So, is it safe to assume that they know about you, your ship, perhaps even Denise and myself?” Layla asked.
“We cannot speculate on that,” Nola said. “If they ran tests on her DNA they would know she is not human.”
“I will offer up a theory from our species. We must assume that they know of your crew, your ship, at least some of your technological possibilities, where you are from, perhaps they may even know you have no concept of lying,” Denise said.
“Assume?”
“To take for granted, without proof,” Layla offered. “It is not at all unusual you would not know the meaning of this word, as it is a form of lying to oneself in a way, even though you may be absolutely correct in your assumption.”
“It is flawed, at times dangerous, and even illogical to assume, but on a planet like ours, where humans find it so easy to lie, it is necessary,” Denise sighed.
“Or, as the saying goes, Never assume, it just makes an ass out of u and me,” Layla laughed.
Nola and the others took this in with looks of fascination.
“You want to head back down this morning?” Nola asked.
“Yes. We’ve been thinking of a few things to try in hopes on pinpointing where Myla is being kept,” Denise said.
Kinsa walked into the dining area with Senn. “Voice modification is now possible on each of your medallions,” Senn said. He used Kinsa for the demonstration. In an instant Kinsa was a male and speaking like one, the next a small girl with the voice of a child.
“Great. That will come in handy for us to finish our fact finding mission with Terry and the Biker Boys,” Layla giggled.
“We will have two craft in the immediate area constantly,” Nola said.
“Great,” Denise said, placing the medallion around her neck. “We need to get back to our hotel and extend our stay come to think of it, we only paid for one night.”
“Mari is ready to take you back whenever you are ready,” Nola said.
“Ok. Thank you for the delicious breakfast,” Layla said.
“It was our pleasure,” Pyta said.
“We’ll just pack it up and meet you at the shuttle,” Denise said.
“Be careful,” Nola said.
“Thanks, we will,” Denise smiled.
After being dropped off by Mari, they drove back to the Motel 6 and paid in advance for two more days.
“Whatcha wanna do today?” Layla asked.
“I’ll let you know in a minute, but in the mean time you can head back towards Terry and the boys,” Denise said.
Layla drove the Mustang VW Beetle down Coffee Port Road.
“Just drive on by slowly,” Denise said. “Good, three bikes parked at the neighbors trailer. Do you want to be the Girl Scout or the Mother driving her around?”
“Oh, I’ll be the Girl Scout and do the talking, you can do the motherly smiling and probing.”
“Good plan.”
They continued about a mile up the road and did a U-turn, parking on the shoulder. “Here is a picture of a uniform. Don’t forget the medals,” Denise giggled.
“Nice short skirt,” Layla said.
“Not too short, these are creatures that are easily aroused.”
“Whoa, look at you mumsy,” Layla said, turning to see a different Hooters style woman sitting next to her with long black hair.
“We need to change places and cars. Anyone who looks like this would not be caught dead in a VW Beetle.”
“You looking for a date?”
“Precisely.”
They traded places and Layla changed the appearance of the Mustang to a black 1999 Pontiac Bonneville. “I love Pontiacs, I wish they never would have stopped making them.”
“Me too. Ok, do you know what kind of cookies you’re selling?”
“Ha, like they are going to buy cookies,” Layla laughed.
“We’ll do the trailer first.”
Denise pulled the Mustang Bonneville onto the gravel driveway between the house and the trailer with bikes parked in front. They both got out of the car and slammed the doors loud enough for anyone inside to hear. “Ok baby, do you’re thing,” Denise said in a southern accent, now chewing on a stick of gum.
Layla walked up to the door of the trailer and knocked on it. Denise saw a drape move but no one came to the door. “Maybe no one is home mom,” Layla said.
“Knock again sugar, I just saw one of the drapes move.”
Layla knocked again. This time a large biker came to the door. “Hello. Would you like to buy?” Layla started before being cut off.
“We ain’t buying nothing,” the biker said.
Layla put on as sad a face as she could imagine. “Come on mom,” she said.
“Wait a minute honey. Is that any way to talk to a child?” Denise said.
There were now two bikers in the doorway looking at who said that.
“Well, if you were selling something else we might be interested. Take a look at me baby, do I look like I need or want your cookies?”
“You look familiar,” Denise said. “Maybe it was a bar or restaurant, but I think I know some of your friends.”
“We don’t get out much and when we do it’s usually somewhere biker friendly like Jackie’s over in Pharr,” one of the other bikers said.
“That could have been it. Well sorry to waste your time fellas. Maybe I’ll see you around,” Denise said, really pouring on her swaying as she and Layla walked back to the car. “Hey, would it be ok to leave my car parked here just to see if they want anything next door?”
“Sure thing. What’s your name?”
“Candy, what’s yours,” Denise asked.
“I am Les, and these two monsters are Joe and Pat.”
“Pleasure to meet you.”
They walked over to the house next door where someone was already waiting by the front door. “Can I have you ladies, I mean help you ladies?” a biker asked.
“Would you be interested in buying some of our Girl Scout cookies,” Layla smiled.
“Let me ask,” he said, smiling away at Denise who was acting absolutely obscene flirting with body movements and smiles.
Terry came to the door. “We would really love to buy cookies from you, but we are only in town for a few days,” he said.
“Gee, that’s too bad,” Denise smiled. Terry, stop by Jackie’s in Pharr tonight and let’s have dinner and some drinks. You can bring your friends if you like, or not.
“What’s your name?” Terry asked.
“Candy. Come on honey, let’s try down the road.”
“Ok mom. It was a pleasure to meet you mister,” Layla said.
“Good luck.”
They walked back to the car. Denise had a hard time controlling her laughter as four grown men in front of the house and three in front of the trailer watched her get back into the car.
She carefully turned the car around and made a left on Coffee Port Road in the direction she said she was going to go in front of Terry.
“Baby, you were spectacular,” Layla laughed. “Those boys would have done ANYTHING for you, but buy cookies that is.”
When they were out of view, she pulled over on the shoulder. “Throw us into stealth would you sugar?” She made a U-turn and headed back past the house and trailer. “They do know each other,” she said, as she stopped in front of all of them no doubt still talking and joking about her. “Do the bikes Supergirl, but leave them usable if you would.”
“With pleasure.”
The bikes tipped over and crashed onto the ground.
“What the fuck?” a few bikers shouted heading over to pick up their bikes.
“Great. Now wait until they pick them up and do it again,” Denise said.
When they returned to the air-conditioned relief of the house and trailer, Layla once again sent the bikes tumbling.
“Come on darling. We got us a date tonight,” Denise said.
“Goddess give me strength,” Layla sighed.

Chapter 48
Bar And Grill

Cyfer sat on a chair in the Motel 6 hotel room. “It is something I will have to discuss with Nola. I will have an answer for you within the hour.”
“I think it is necessary. They are suggesting evacuation start today. It seems the track of this storm will hit land closer and sooner than expected,” Denise said. “With the size and intensity of the cloud cover, it may be impossible to monitor anything from the air.”
“It is not predicted to be your highest category,” Mari said.
“It is still going to be bad enough. Mari, I don’t want to lose Myla again, or for good. I suspect plans within plans here, and I keep seeing us,” Denise said, motioning to herself and Layla, “in the desert, and it does not look like we are on vacation.”
“You know your species better that us. We will get back to you as soon as we have an answer,” Mari said.
“Thanks.”
Cyfer and Mari left for their rendezvous with their shuttle.
“Do you just want to eat at this place?” Layla asked.
“There are a few things on their menu that look edible, but no, I don’t want to eat there. I’d like my food to stay down.”
“Great. Shall we then, I’m a little hungry?”
“There’s a Whataburger across the street.”
“Yes, let’s.”
They sat down to a meal and discussed the possibilities of what they had planned for the evening. When finished they noticed the wind picking up considerably.
“Never been near a hurricane,” Denise said.
“Me neither. Always wanted to experience one though.”
“You just might get your chance. This is going to start getting hairy tomorrow, I can feel it in my young bones.”
“Come on, let’s pick out a couple of nice outfits for us to wear,” Layla said.
“Yeeehaw.”
When it was time, they made their way to Jackie’s in Pharr. Occasionally they would feel a strong gust of wind hit the Mustang Bonneville broadside making it shimmy. Layla parked the car in the lot away from the building, backing it in in case they had to get away in a hurry.
“Looks relatively innocent Candy,” Layla giggled.
“Shore does Tammy,” Denise laughed. “C’mon sugar, let’s go have us a drink.”
“We don’t have to drink beer do we?”
“Honey, we are ladies, we can drink whatever the hell we want.”
The place had a bit of a dive feel too it, like a slightly cleaner PK’s in Carbondale without a bar and much better food. After their second Margarita Denise had incoming from Myla.
Denizen.
Myla.
Visitor returns from trailer.
She watched as Terry and Les walked towards the place where she was being kept. They were not in any of the vehicles that had been in front of where they were staying, so they had not been tagged for tracking.
Something happening as early as tomorrow night.
Myla, I understand. Try to find out as much as you can.
I will.
Are they treating you well?
Yes. Locked up but yes.
Stay strong Myla.
Yes.
“We gotta go,” Denise said.
They each took one last sip on their drinks and walked out of the bar.
“Leaving already honey?” a blonde biker said who was leaning against the driver’s side of the Mustang Bonneville.
“Get off my car,” Denise said.
“Well ain’t you the friendly bitch?” the other one said.
“No. We’re not friendly at all,” Layla said. In one sweeping motion she had the two bikers hovering roughly thirty feet in the air. They hit the roof of the restaurant with a crashing thud when she released them. She got into the driver’s seat and sped away back to Brownsville, putting the car into stealth a block away.
“Where to exactly?” Layla asked.
“I’ve lost my ability to control the thought and actions of another. Layla, this sucks.”
“Maybe there is a reason. I can hear you fine. Try it on me now.”
“You sure?”
“Yes, but remember I am driving.”
Squeeze your left breast in your hand and ask me how to say breast in Lithuanian. Denise thought.
“How do you say breast in Lithuanian?” Layla said, squeezing her left breast in her hand.
“I guess I do still have it. Could someone like Terry be immune?”
“How do you say breast in Lithuanian?”
“Kruties.”
“It sounds fab in any language,” Layla laughed.
“It’s going to take a while to get back. Let’s go straight to the house and the trailer.”
“Lay it on me.”
Denise explained what she wanted to do if Terry and Les had returned.
They cruised past the house slowly still in the Mustang Bonneville. “I don’t see the car they arrived in,” Denise said.
“That doesn’t mean they weren’t dropped off.”
Layla turned the lights off and backed into the driveway. They both exited the car, Denise as Candy and Layla as herself. Layla knocked on the door of the trailer. It was either Joe or Pat that opened the door. “Hey there, is Les around?” Denise asked.
“Les, looks like you were the lucky one she chose to be first,” the biker called.
“Hey now, what brings you back here at this hour?” Les asked, stepping out of the trailer walking towards Denise who was standing about ten feet behind Layla. “Why you sugar.” It’s him Supergirl, do your thing.
Layla slammed the two bikers still in the doorway into each other knocking them out.
“What the fuck?” Les shouted, turning to reach for Layla. He was too slow. With a flick of her hand he was lying on the ground unconscious.
“Damn he’s a heavy fucker,” Layla moaned as they carried him to the car and loaded him into the back seat.
“He’s going to get a lot lighter if he does not cooperate,” Denise said.
Layla sped down Coffee Port Road where they rendezvoused with Mari who collected them in the shuttle.

Chapter 49
A Ride

Denise, in her own form, sat in a chair across the room from Les aboard the Tyrine. He was secured to the chair he was on dressed in his underwear only. She could not imagine how he was being held in place, but Kinsa assured her he would not be able to move.
“Still sleeping?” Layla asked, entering the room with a latte for Denise and herself.
“He’s stirring.”
There was a bright light shining on Les from above, the rest of the room in an ambient light that made those in it visible, but the spotlight was obviously on the captive.
“Hnngghhh,” Les moaned, moving his head back and forth.
“Was it a bit too much?” Layla whispered.
“No, perfect timing.”
His eyes finally opened. “What the fuck? Where am I?”
“You’re not here to ask questions Les,” Denise said.
He struggled to get free but could not move. “What? What have you done to me? Where am I?”
“You’ve been taken for a ride Les,” Layla said. “You know what a ride is don’t you?”
“Of course I do. Whatta ya want?”
“Now that is a good question Les, because there is something we want.”
“Oh yeah? What is it me?” he asked, motioning with his head down to his lack of clothing.
“You’re not in Texas anymore Les.”
“Yeah, right.”
“Where is our crew member?” Denise asked.
“You’re what? “
“I want to know where you are keeping our crew member.”
“I don’t know what the fuck you are talking about.”
“Les, I want to call your attention to the wall above our heads.” Layla activated the window in the hull to reveal Planet Earth in the distance.
“Great. You’re going to show a movie. Is it porn?”
“That is no movie Les. It is a window, of our ship, in orbit, far above your planet.”
“I’m not buying it.”
“Do you remember what you were wearing when we brought you here tonight Les?” Layla asked.
“Course I do.”
Layla opened three more windows in the hull. “Pay close attention now.”
Trepa.
Denise.
Eject the pants.
Of course.
Les watched as the pants he had been wearing slowly floated by all four opened windows, passing over the view of the Earth when they floated by the fourth one.
“Recognize what just floated by Les?” Layla asked.
He did not answer.
“Can you tell where Texas is from here? No, of course you can’t. It’s nighttime in Texas, so let me help you,” Denise said. She got up, walked to the window, and pointed to the area of the globe where Texas was. “That is Texas right down there Les, and that right there is Brownsville.”
Les remained silent.
“Les, where is our crew member. We know you were there, tonight, with Terry.”
“I don’t know no Terry and I don’t know nothing about no crew member.”
Trepa.
Denise.
The left boot this time.
Ok.
“Les, do you recognize what is going to be coming by the windows in a few seconds?” Denise asked.
“This is not an Imax Theater,” Layla said.
Les watched as his left boot tumbled slowly by, again spilling over the view of Earth in the fourth window.
“Where is our crew member being held Les?” Denise asked again.
“I told you I don’t know about no crew member.”
“Do you know what happens to the human body when it is released, unprotected, into the vacuum of space Les?”
He did not answer.
“Did you ever see Total Recall?”
“Yeah.”
“Well that doesn’t happen when an unprotected human body is released into the vacuum of space. No. If you hold your breath you will damage your lungs. If you don’t hold your breath, exposure for oh about a half-minute with produce permanent injury to your lungs. You do not explode. Your blood does not boil. You do not freeze. You do not lose consciousness immediately.”
Les was listening intently.
“It’s nice to see we have your attention. After about ten seconds the light from our sun will cause extreme sunburn to exposed skin causing swelling to underlying tissue. Mind you now Les, you are still conscious for about twenty seconds or more before you lose consciousness, and that Les, is when you start dying. The limits of how long it actually takes for you to die are still unknown.”
“What you telling me this for?”
“Where is our crew member being kept Les, where did you go with Terry tonight?”
“I can’t remember.”
“Les. You are one boot away from us watching you float by those windows. We will bring you up here one at a time, and one of you will talk. Someone always talks. Where is our crew member being held?”
He just sat there staring at the floor.
Trepa.
Yes.
Send the other boot.
Ok Denise.
“Les this is your other boot, the right boot to be specific, that you see tumbling past the windows now.”
Les raised his head and watched as his boot slowly passed all four windows.
“I am ONLY going to ask you one last time Les. Where is our crew member being held?”
He returned his gaze to the floor.
Trepa, send in the muscle.
Okay.
The door shimmered open and in walked two male crewmembers Denise had never met. They each took up a position on either side of Les.
“He refuses to tell us what we want to know,” Denise said. She motioned for them to remove him. They activated something and Les and the chair he was bound to hovered above the floor. They started for the door.
“I can’t tell you. If I do I am a dead man anyway,” he screamed.
“You may have a chance if you return to Earth. You will have absolutely no chance of surviving when we spit you out into space.” She motioned again for them to take him away.
“I’ll tell ya, I’ll tell ya. I’ll fucking tell ya,” he cried. “Just don’t do this to me, please.”
They released whatever hold they had on his chair and returned it to the ground.
“Bring him closer if you will please.”
Layla activated a screen that showed a detailed image of Brownsville Texas. “Release his left arm please,” Layla said.
Denise zoomed the image in to the Resaca de la Palma housing complex. “We know she is being held here,” she said pointing to the map. “I ask you one last time Les. Where is our crew member being held?”
Les lifted his shaky left arm and pointed to a house that Denise at least was able to confirm by the location of the water behind the house and the empty grass covered lot across from it.
“If I discover that you have lied to us, we are going to find you and bring you right back here, only this time there will be no questions asked. You will be sent traveling through space for eternity bare ass naked,” Denise said.
“In case you think you can hide, don’t. We have placed a device in your body that can track you anywhere on your planet. We can find you in minutes,” Layla said.
Tears. I see tears, Denise said.
He might be human after all, Layla laughed.
“Can you please give him something to wear for a long walk,” Denise said as she and Layla headed towards the door.
“With pleasure,” one of the crewmembers smiled.
The door shimmered closed behind them as they walked to a meeting with Nola.

Chapter 50
Storm Clouds

Nola pointed to a map of the Gulf region. “The storm is growing in intensity and rapidly approaching the area.”
“We could move now, I suppose, but I would rather confirm that Myla is there and safe before we show our hand,” Denise said.
“That is understandable. When this hits land, even though it should hit between Brownsville and Corpus Christie, we may not be able to offer you assistance from above,” Nola said.
“My Virgo brain has thought about that. We’ll be able to move, in stealth, with Myla. We will travel the shortest fastest route to get out of the storm area.”
“Is that safe?”
“Safer than any means of flying that’s for sure. You’ve put together a magnificent vehicle. I think we’ll be fine.”
“Will you have the extra medallion ready by first light?” Layla asked.
“Yes, as a matter of fact.” Nola summoned Senn. “Senn has made an interesting discovery.”
Senn arrived quickly. “Here you are,” he said, handing the medallion to Nola. She motioned for him to give it to Layla. He also handed each of their medallions back to them. “The reason your mind control was not effective was being caused by the activated medallions. It creates a rather powerful field around you that prevents those thoughts from getting out. You can however, communicate with each other when your suits are activated. I cannot modify them to allow you to use that power when you have them activated, but I will continue working on it.”
“All activation?” Layla asked.
“Yes unfortunately, stealth, change of appearance, voice, all of it. To use that power you must deactivate your medallion.”
“Well I’m happy you got that figured out. I was concerned that I was losing it,” Denise smiled.
“Good luck,” Senn said.
“Thank you.”
“It’s been a long day. Can we put in a wake up call for five a.m.,” Denise asked.
“Of course,” Nola said.
“We want to go over the growing possibility we’ll be on our own on the ground until we meet you out west. We can track the exact path of the storm in the morning and plan from there.”
“Have a peaceful rest.”
“Sweet dreams,” Layla said.
They left the meeting and made their way back to Denise’s quarters.
“I wonder how Les is doing?” Denise asked.
“I heard they put him to sleep so he did not get into trouble,” Layla grinned.
“Sleep sounds nice.”
“Sleep sounds fabulous.”
Five a.m. came too fast. Denise and Layla showered and dressed, then made their way to a biscuits and gravy breakfast.
Nearly every member of the crew they had met was present for breakfast with them.
“Judging from the intensity and location of the storm, we cannot risk losing a shuttle, especially after all you have been through,” Nola said.
“That is understandable, and Layla and I have been preparing for this day, indeed for this scenario for some time,” Denise said.
“I offer myself and everyone seated at this table to be there with you on the ground tonight,” Aren said.
“That won’t be necessary. Your presence outside the storm area is far more important.”
They discussed what Denise and Layla had planned and agreed that at this late stage in the game, they would be better off working alone. “Less is more,” Layla smiled.
“We shall be there for you tonight and tomorrow in full force,” Mari said.
“We know you will. It ends tonight,” Denise said.
The rest of the breakfast meeting passed casually and with some humor. When they were finished, Denise and Layla packed it up and headed to the Mustang where Mari would take them back to drop off Les and get them as close as possible to Brownsville without endangering the shuttle.
Les was restrained in his seat but now conscious.
“Would you like a view of what I certainly hope is your last trip in space?” Denise asked.
Mari activated the screen showing a rapidly growing Planet Earth. She headed to the coordinates Denise picked in New Mexico. She released the restraints that kept Les in his seat.
“This way Les,” Layla said, pointing to a door that opened in a way that had Les shy away from it. “Don’t worry, we are on the ground, well almost anyway.”
They walked through the doorway and down a dimly lit corridor to the ramp. The Mustang was cloaked so he could not describe it. The ramp opened and Layla led him down followed by Denise. “You are one day away from any civilization no matter what direction you choose to walk in,” Denise said, handing him a backpack. “There is water and some food in this, more than you will need unless you choose to walk in circles.”
“Thank you.”
“You are not going to remember any of this Les. You will be able to claim whatever you like for your disappearance.”
“I would suggest you keep walking towards those mountains on the horizon. That will take you to Roswell,” Layla said.
Les, kneel down and place your hands over your eyes. 
Les did as Denise suggested.
You will remember none of what has happened to you. You will not remember us, you will not remember any of it. Count to 100. When you are finished you can put your hands down, get up, and start walking.
They quickly got back on the shuttle that left without a sound. Denise had Mari drop them off outside San Antonio. She did not want to risk any detection or damage to the shuttle, and it was a short enough ride that would help her think and try to reach Myla.
“I have a good feeling about tonight,” Layla said.
“I wish I did. I hope they think Les went out with some babe and haven’t beefed up security at the house.”
“There is a factor that might be at play tonight that I really hope is not.”
“And what would that be?”
“The Asians,” Layla said, as she turned the Mustang into a silver Ford Taurus and sped south down Highway 37 into the gathering storm, in the opposite direction of a steady stream of vehicles with their headlights on heading in the opposite direction.

Chapter 51
Riders On The Storm

The rain was falling heavily by the time they reached Brownsville. “I don’t like that these gates can close. They may close them or they may be closed to keep looters out during the storm,” Denise said, looking at a view in Google Earth of the building Myla was being kept in.
“How is she doing?” Layla asked.
“She seems good. Says she is a little weak but anxious to try just about anything to be freed.”
“How does it look outside the gate?”
“Good. I grew up in Chicago. One had to learn how to hop fences at a young age, especially around Halloween.”
“Yeah. Halloween. It used to be so much fun.”
“I still like the candy,” Denise laughed.
“Me too.”
“I think we should go straight to the hotel, pack it up, try to hang out as long as we can before checking out.”
“I agree. They may kick us out if a mandatory evacuation has been ordered.”
“Should we put on the radio to find out?”
“Nah. We’re not going anywhere too soon anyway.”
The wind was whipping the rain into a horizontal frenzy. They almost got hit by a garbage can flying across the street and could not help laughing hysterically.
“Hey, are they open?” Denise asked, pointing to a Popeye’s Chicken Restaurant.
“Sure looks like it. Mobile cooked food, you know it’s going to get pretty hard to find something to eat.”
“Well darling, let’s get us a big bucket and some sides before we go back to the hotel.”
“Sounds good.”
They left with a shopping bag of food and put it in the back seat.
“Can you do your thing while driving Supergirl?” Denise asked.
“I think so.”
“Pull over and let me drive.”
“Okay.”
Denise piloted the Mustang in stealth around to Coffee Port Road. “It should be right up here. That chicken sure smells good.”
“Yes it does.”
“This is it. They are left of this entrance,” Denise said, slowly moving by a rusty Earth tone house. There was a construction crew securing some equipment in the large lot to the right of the house. “Bracing for the storm no doubt.”
“Yep.”
“Judging from the view I have seen, she must be in that tower of sorts,” Denise said.
“Kind of peculiar that the house in windowless no?”
“It is a bit odd. Reminds me of the gangster houses near Sox Park in Chicago. All windowless or long thin windows that do not open, like gun ports.”
Myla.
Denizen.
We think we are close to you.
Five others here now.
Are you in the small tower on the top floor?
Yes.
“Do your thing Supergirl, gently.”
Layla opened her window and forced a small burst at the windows in the tower forcing them to rattle.
Myla, did you hear that at your window?
Yes Denizen.
“Again Supergirl.”
Layla again lowered her window just long enough to send another small burst.
Myla did you hear that again?
Yes Denizen, but I have company and they heard it too.
It is ok. They will think it was the storm.
Yes. That is what he just said.
I will contact you shortly about tonight.
Yes.
Denise pulled away slowly and made a U-turn to exit the complex. “We’ll park right there tonight, what do you think?”
“It looks good.”
“Make us a VW again sweetie,” Denise said as they rode down Coffee Port Road towards the hotel.
“Not a lot of traffic is there?”
“You could say the conditions are perfect.”

Chapter 52
Bucket

“The roads are clogged. There are only two main highways out of here,” Denise said between nibbles on her chicken wing.
“We can hunker down here until it blows over,” Layla said before dipping her mashed potatoes into the coleslaw.
“I thought about that. It might be best, but do you really feel like spending a night in the car?”
“Emergency centers?”
“Absolutely, positively, NO WAY.”
“We could head south. Look at the path of the storm,” Layla said, getting up to walk over to the television and pointing to the swirl. “Most of the heavy rains fall on the east side of the storm.”
“South huh?”
“Yes. We can head for Mexico City. Normally we would stand out like a sore thumb, but with these medallions we can avoid that.”
“At least we’d be moving. You don’t think it is clogged.”
“Well, these other main highways are a mess. We’ll be going nowhere fast.”
“We can’t stay here huh?”
“Hotels and emergency centers will be some of the first places they will send their goons to look for us.”
“I think these windows are going to blow out,” Denise said listening to the roar of the wind rushing by outside.
“So do I.”
The television picture kept cutting in and out. Anyone who had not already evacuated was being told to seek shelter and remain inside.
Denizen.
Myla.
They plan on making the exchange after midnight, in the middle of the storm.
Myla. Do not worry. Follow the plan we discussed and I am sure we will get you out of there tonight.
Yes Denizen.
Myla.
Yes.
Keep your shoes on.
Yes.
The phone rang in the room. It was the front desk telling them that if they were planning on riding out the storm at the hotel they would need to come down to the lobby so they could be directed to the safest part of the hotel complex as soon as possible.
“What time is it?” Denise asked.
“Ten fifteen,” Layla said looking out the window. “It’s getting crazy out there.”
“Ok, thank you. We’ll be down in a few minutes to check out and rush over to a friends house.”
Denise hung up the phone and slid off the bed. “I guess it is show time honey.”
“Let’s get this over with.”
They grabbed their packed bags and double-checked for all they would need. “Don’t forget the bucket, she might be hungry.”
“I feel like an emergency worker,” Denise laughed. “A person’s got to be nuts to go out in this weather.”
“I feel like a Ninja,” Layla said. They both were dressed from head to toe in black.
“You would Supergirl.”
Layla just grinned and got on the elevator. “Let’s go get our crew member.”
“Let’s.”

Chapter 53
Hurricane

The walk to the car was a somewhat painful experience. The wind whipping the pouring rain would sting bare skin. “You said it, this is crazy,” Denise shouted as she fell into the passenger seat of the Mustang, the wind slamming the door shut when she did.
“Well, I got my wish,” Layla laughed.
“To experience a hurricane? Right. I’m from the Windy City and I’ve never experienced wind like this.”
Layla started the Mustang and pulled out of the Hotel parking lot. 
“I’ve been thinking, pull over in that empty lot for a second, under the street light that is swaying in the breeze,” Denise said.
She got out of the car and stood in front of it. Tell me if this weather affects the medallions. She activated stealth and vanished. The water landing on her created a shimmer.
I cannot see you, but I can see an effect of the water landing on you.
That is what I was afraid of. How about now? Denise activated the medallion to look like Layla.
You have a sparkle effect happening, like tiny jewels the color of the light hitting you. Nice body though.
Oh yeah.
She got back into the car. “Let’s do this thing. Time’s a wasting.
“I know.”
“We must assume we will not be invisible outside.”
“Got it.”
Layla drove the Mustang in stealth to the Resaca de la Palma complex.
“The gate is still open,” Denise said.
“I am not that worried about a gate luv.”
“Pull up a little and back up on to the grass. Take advantage of as much shade from that tree as possible. We will be glowing too brightly under that street light.”
“You got it.”
“Perfect. We’ve been through this a dozen times. Let’s do it.”
“Be careful.”
“You too Supergirl,” Denise said, pausing to kiss her before they quietly and quickly exited the Mustang.
Stay in the shadows as much as possible.
I saw some movement in that window, Layla said, pointing to the small sentry like structure between the gates to the complex.
Let’s enter on the other side where the wind is blurring their view the way it is raining.
They quickly entered the complex slipping past the guard, staying in the shadows until a large pickup truck drove past and exited the complex.
Myla.
Denizen.
Are you alone?
Yes. There is a guard outside my door.
We will be there any second. Myla, just do what we discussed and you will be fine.
I am ready Denizen.
Let’s do this Supergirl, take me for a ride.
Layla battled the wind and driving rain to stay on her feet. She lifted Denise up above the house, bringing her to rest on the roof to the right of the tower.
Are you ok? She asked.
Yes. Bring it.
Layla first blew open the front door with such force it was ripped off its hinges. She watched it fly across the room and slam into two men sitting on a couch. Next she blew out all the windows in the building.
When Denise got to the window Myla was there waiting. She quickly slid the medallion over her head and activated it before pulling her through the window. I got her Supergirl.
YES.
Denise had her arms wrapped around Myla, and turned to see two men looking out the blown out windows in the tower as Layla brought them to rest on the ground to the right of the building.
Stay here. Layla said.
She moved to the edge of the building where she saw three men outside carrying assault weapons. We got company, heavily armed.
Can you take care of it or shall I?
I got these.
Layla lifted them high up into the air and slammed them into the roof of the tower where two other men were still in the windows.
Come on, let’s get out of here, Layla said.
When they started crossing the street the sound of automatic weapons firing could faintly be heard over the roar of the storm.
They’re shooting. Stay close to me.
Bullets went flying in every direction off the force field Layla had put around them.
Thanks Supergirl.
I think the guard can see us.
He can see something, but not us.
When he pointed his weapon in their direction Layla blew the small structure to pieces, sending the guard flying out to the shoulder of Coffee Port Road.
Quickly they put Myla in the back seat of the Mustang and got in. They did so just in time as two black SUV’s pulled up on the drive on either side of where the guard shack once stood. Men spilled out of them heavily armed.
“Now would be a good time to get us out of here darling,” Denise said. “Myla, stay down.”
“Whatever you say Denizen.”
“Denizen?” Layla asked.
“I’ll tell you about it later, go.”
Layla pulled slowly towards the road. “Asians.”
One of the men noticed new tire tracks forming on the grass and shouted something, pointing directly at them.
“Step on it,” Denise shouted.
Layla gunned it, flying down Coffee Port Road, a hail of bullets trailing behind them as the Asians fired in the direction they thought the vehicle might be.
“Are they following us?”
“Oh yeah,” Layla said.
“Stay down Myla. Oh, how rude of me. Myla this is my dear friend Layla, who has been with me since the beginning of this odyssey. I could never have gotten this far without her.”
“It is a pleasure to meet you Layla,” Myla smiled. “Your vehicle has some familiar features to it.”
“Indeed it does, as does the medallion around your neck. Please keep it there.”
“Shit, they’re still coming up behind us,” Layla said.
“Can you go any faster?” Denise asked.
“Are you in stealth?” Myla asked.
“Yes Myla we are, but the mass quantity of driving rain is creating a watery image of the vehicle as it lands on it, so it gives them something to see, and shoot at unfortunately. In answer to your question Denise darling, with all this water on the road we are hydroplaning. It is not safe to go much faster now or we may end up in a wreck and that is something I won’t let happen after coming this far if I can help it.”
“Can you define hydroplaning?” Myla asked.
“So much water on the surface. Our wheels are not touching the ground. We are riding on the water at the speed we are going and it is easy to lose control if we are moving too fast over it.”
“May I see your control panel?” Myla asked, as Layla slowed down to turn onto Old Port Isabel Road. She studied the console closely. “Have you used all of these controls yet?”
“No. There are a few we were told it is best not to touch yet,” Denise said.
As they sped down the highway there was so much water on the pavement it would slow the Mustang down when they plowed through the deepest puddles.
“One would not want to travel in the air with the intensity of this storm?” Myla said.
“That is precisely why everyone from the Tyrine is out of the area waiting for the storm to subside or for us to come out of it, whichever comes first.
“Yet it is unsafe to go faster touching the ground and water? Would you object to traveling just off the ground?”
Denise and Layla looked at each other and smiled. “Not at all,” they chimed.
“May I?”
“Please do,” Layla said.
Myla activated the feature that allowed the vehicle to travel off the ground. When she did they could no longer feel the road, the puddles no longer a factor.
Layla could still see the two SUV’s behind them. “So, it is safe to go faster?”
“Yes,” Myla smiled.
“Make it so,” Denise giggled.
Layla accelerated to a speed the SUV’s could not keep up with as they made their way to the border.

Chapter 54
Mexico Way

Once they crossed the border, it was slow going until they were able to get through the border towns and onto the open highway. In some places the roads were flooded but Myla adjusted the controls to pass over them. The further south Layla piloted the Mustang the more the rain and the winds eased up.
Denise reached into a small cooler on the floor behind Layla and grabbed a few bottles of water. “Here, you must be thirsty, I know I am,” she said, handing a bottle to Myla.
“Thank you Denise,” she smiled.
“Yes, that is my name. It sounds good hearing you say it.”
“Have you been able to reach anyone from the Tyrine?” Layla asked.
“No, which is odd. I’m just going to write it off as another thing a hurricane disrupts or destroys.”
Myla was genuinely interested in Denise and Layla, and their world.
“We’re not all like those that put you through this, but there sure are enough of them,” Denise said. “Take this country we are in. There is a lot of human on human violence and murder down here, evil humans rotten with greed and hatred to the point of murder.”
“Why did you agree to help us?”
“More than any reason, I just don’t like what was done to you, I don’t like the type of people who value riches rather than life. I would not have been able to refuse what I was asked to help do,” Denise said humbly.
“And you Layla?”
“I wouldn’t have missed it for the world. I’ve been helping people who are abused and bullied all my life it seems. It was just the right thing to do. Of course, meeting Denise and being able to take this adventure with her has made it a lot easier. Seeing you sitting in that back seat is the best sight of the trip so far.”
Myla smiled at Layla looking up at her in the rear view mirror. “On my world you would be called Malangis.”
“What does it mean?” Denise asked.
“A being having the qualities of beauty, purity and kindness.”
“Well thank you Myla.”
“We still have a few hours until the sun comes up in case you would like to get some sleep,” Layla said.
“Thank you Layla. I am happy to be awake after being unconscious for so long,” Myla giggled.
“There are some power bars and other snacks in that bag on the floor next to the cooler if you are hungry?”
“I could use one,” Layla laughed.
“What would you like?” Myla asked.
“Anything will do, thank you.”
“Do you think they are still following us?” Denise asked.
“Well, there are not that many ways out of Brownsville, especially during a hurricane. We should stay prepared for the possibility that at least one of them is heading south. They don’t really know where we are, but better safe than sorry,” Layla said.
Layla drove through the night deciding to stop in Zacualtipan just after first light. “It’s about 200 miles to Mexico City if we even have to go that far. Anything from the Tyrine?” she asked.
“No. I’m dumfounded. Something is wrong, with me again more than likely. Oh could I use a coffee,” Denise said.
“What is a coffee?” Myla asked.
“Hey, you’re awake. Coffee is nothing short of the best drink on our world. I cannot start my day without it,” Denise laughed.
“It is addictive?”
“Not really, it is a beverage brewed from ground up roasted coffee beans, something this region and further south of here is famous for, some of the best there is. It is a mild stimulant that can be brewed in many delicious combinations.”
The morning sun was shining brightly. “Doesn’t look like they got a drop of rain this far south,” Layla said.
“Yes, it sure looks that way.”
“Don’t let it bother you, I can see the concern in your look. We’ll hook back up with the Tyrine soon enough.”
“They should be able to track this vehicle whether I can contact them or not,” Denise said.
“Well it was one hell of a storm, so I’m not panicking yet.”
“Hey slow down. A panaderia, and they look open,” Denise smiled.
“A bakery, sweet.”
Layla pulled off the highway and parked on the far side of a white VW Camper Van. “Oh it feels good to stretch. Hey, that restaurant looks open too,” she said, pointing across the dirt covered lot.
“Come on Myla, let’s get a meal in us.”
Upon exiting the car they could not help but notice the bullet holes in the left rear quarter panel and trunk lid. “Damn, that was close,” Layla said.
“It would explain the inability of the Tyrine to locate you. These holes, if I am not mistaken, are where that tracking ability might have been placed. When is the last time you tried stealth mode on the vehicle?” Myla asked.
Denise opened the trunk to give the appearance they were talking over doing something other than counting bullet holes.
“Not since we crossed the border,” Layla said.
“Great, but that does not explain why I cannot reach them,” Denise said. “Come on let’s eat.”
They walked up the handicapped ramp and through the door to the El Rincon del Sabor. There were only two men sitting at a table eating.
“Do you speak English?” Denise asked a woman who was wearing an apron and pouring coffee for the two men at the table.
“Si, please have a seat.”
Myla found everything fascinating. “Your food is prepared while you wait?”
“Yes, although your way is much easier, faster, and at times more delicious,” Denise said.
“Can we start with three coffees,” Layla asked when the woman came over to the table with a menu.
“Of course.” She returned with three cups and poured their coffee.
The menu was in Spanish, but Denise and Layla had been in enough Mexican Restaurants to know what to order. “Let’s keep it simple. How about three orders of Huevos Rancheros?” Denise said.
“Good choice, they are delicious here,” the waitress smiled.
Myla watched as both Denise and Layla added cream and sugar to their coffee. Denise handed the one she had mixed to Myla. “Try it this way,” Denise smiled.
“Thank you.”
“Careful, it’s a little hot,” Denise said moving Myla’s unmixed cup to her side of the table.
When the food was brought to them, Denise asked for a refill on the coffee. “Ready for your second cup?” she asked.
“Yes, please,” Myla said.
The meal was delicious as was the coffee. When they finished eating Denise gave the waitress a twenty-dollar tip.
“You are too kind, thank you very much.”
“Thank you,” Denise smiled.
Exiting the restaurant they noticed that the doors to the white VW van were open. Sitting in the back with the side door slid open was an old woman. “They are waiting for you ahead,” she said, talking directly to Denise.
“I beg your pardon?”
“Those that did that to your car, they are waiting for you between here and Mexico City.”
Denise knew better than to ask how she knew this.
“May I ask you a question?”
“Si.”
Can you hear me speak to you like this?
Nothing.
“You cannot speak to me that way,” the woman said. She asked the two people with her to step back into the bakery and buy more bread. “Your friend used a very powerful force to shield you, no doubt saving your lives. It has dampened your ability to do so.”
“I am Denizen,” Denise said.
“I know. I have been expecting you. I am Maria. You are being tracked. The first thing you must do is give her a complete change of clothes. The device is hidden in what she wears.”
Denise and Layla looked at each other, expressions of shock on their faces.
“She can change in here. You must then discard these clothes as soon as possible.”
Layla quickly went to the trunk and pulled out a pair of capri pants and underwear, a top, and a pair of sandals. “These should fit,” she said, handing them to Myla.
“Go ahead Myla, change quickly. Remove anything they gave to you to wear,” Denise said.
Myla climbed in the back of the van and immediately began removing her clothing. There was still a trace of bruising on the side of her torso. She appeared to show no sense of modesty, as if being nude in front of someone else was perfectly natural.
“My guess would be the shoes, but it could be anywhere,” Layla said as she collected what Myla had been wearing. She folded the pants and laid them in the open shirt along with the panties and shoes before wrapping the shirt around them and tying them with the sleeves.
“You must get off this road. They are coming for you from the north and from Mexico City. It is a beautiful morning for a drive through the mountains. I am going to visit my sister. Her niece may be able to help you get your mind spirit back.”
“Mind spirit. I like that,” Denise said.
“It is not far from here, in Zoquizoquipan.”
“We should dump the clothing here before we head off in another direction,” Layla said. “Wait here, I’ll be right back.” She walked about two blocks down the road and sent the clothes Myla had been wearing flying far over and beyond the roof of what looked like an abandoned mechanics shop.
“You still got it Supergirl,” Denise whispered when she returned.
“Follow us but be patient. Our van climbs the hills slowly,” Maria said, as the young man driving started the van up to the familiar sound of an older VW engine puttering.
With Myla in the back seat and Layla driving, they followed the white van back the way they had came before turning left onto a narrow paved road that would take them west into mountainous terrain.

Chapter 55
Broken

Denise felt better being off the main road. Nothing good would come their way on the main roads, of that she was convinced. She had that gut feeling along with an inner voice in her head telling her this was not over yet.
“She wasn’t kidding when she said it was hilly,” Layla said.
“Does any of this remind you of your world Myla?” Denise asked.
“Yes, quite a bit.”
After passing an open stretch of land being used for farming on one of the hilltops, they started seeing houses scattered here and there. The driver got out of the white van when it stopped and motioned for Denise to come over.
“I’ll be right back.”
She walked over and opened the side door. “The town is not very large, but everyone there will be friendly towards you. We are taking this road a little further to my sister’s house where you will be leaving from on your own when you decide to leave. If you still wish to make it to Mexico City, it is longer but will be safer if you take this route,” she said, handing Denise a map she drew.
“Thank you. We will follow you.”
A few miles further down the secondary road they came to a two-story house overlooking a gorgeous valley with mountains reaching to the horizon.
The van parked away from the house under a shade tree. The girl who was riding in the passenger seat of the van got out and ran over to the Mustang. “Follow me. You can park behind the house. It will be safer.”
Layla followed her to a grassy spot behind the house. There was ample room to park, and get away if necessary. “Nice place, what do you think?”
“I think we’ll be alright,” Denise said.
They got out of the car, locked in up and followed the young girl around to the other side of the house.
“Maria, you’ve brought guests,” a woman shouted from the doorway to the house.
“Si Marilyn, very special guests. Where is Anna?”
“She is upstairs. Bring your guests inside.”
“She will serve us something cool to drink. She always has fresh juice when I come over,” Maria said.
They followed her into the house where they sat down to a delicious blend of mango and orange juice. Anna came down the stairs and smiled at them. She looked like she was in her late teens, with long straight black hair to the middle of her back. Denise could tell she was conversing with Maria mentally.
“Denizen, it is a pleasure to finally meet you,” Anna said.
“You saw us coming I take it.”
“Yes. The information highway has been busy since you started your adventure. I am pleased to see the worst part is over, but you are by no means safe yet.”
“I kind of figured that.”
Anna said something to her mother in Spanish. “It’s a beautiful day. Come, take a walk with me.” They walked with her to a spot away from the house with a marvelous view of the valley and surrounding mountains. “Have a seat, please,” she motioned to an area of thick grass under a large tree.
“Has Maria told you about the problem I am having?” Denise asked.
“Yes, right after you agreed to follow her here.”
“Can I be fixed?”
“Yes, she can fix you,” she smiled pointing to Layla. “First, let me welcome your guest and friend from the heavens.” Anna reached over to Myla and gave her a hug.
“Thank you,” Myla said.
“So many visitors from other worlds have come to this part of our world. We are an extraterrestrial magnet,” she laughed.
“Our mechanical means of finding our friends is out of order,” Denise said.
“As Maria explained to you, Layla dampened your ability to communicate. The solution is quite simple. She need only remove the force field, but if she never has done so before it can be tricky.”
“What do I have to do?” Layla asked.
Myla watched with utter fascination.
“You must find the shield before you can remove it. What you did was very powerful, and it is still in place.” Anna threw a rock as hard as she could at Denise’s head and it careened off the shield in another direction.
“Well now, that is fascinating,” Layla said.
“Now the way to remove it is to join her inside of it.” Anna motioned for her to get close to Denise. It is like refreshing the page on a web browser. You cannot refresh it until you go to it and know it is there. She threw another rock at them both and it bounced off the shield. “Now, remove it.”
Layla stood there for a moment wondering how to do that. She remembered thrusting her hands out to create it. She smiled nervously and swiftly moved her hands in a downward motion.
Denizen.
Anna.
You are back online, Anna laughed.
You’ve given me my mind spirit back.
Ha. That Maria.

Chapter 56
Fixed

Nola, Mari, Cyn, Aren, ANYONE.
Nothing.
It’s not like a cel phone connection is it Anna?
No. Keep trying.
Don’t let Myla out of your sight, Denise said to Layla.
I won’t.
“Come on darlin’s, I’m back online,” she said to herself, standing on a large rock facing west.
Anyone from the Tyrine. Anyone at all.
Denise?
Mari? Mari is that you?
Denise. We thought you were. We have not been able to reach you or see the Mustang.
Yes, well it got hairy and we took some automatic weapons fire getting away but we have Myla. I say again, we have Myla.
There was silence for nearly a minute. She guessed they might be rejoicing at the news.
Is everyone safe?
Yes, we are all in one piece. Mustang is damaged. Myla suspects the hits we took damaged your ability to track us, and the stealth feature.
Where are you?
We are in Mexico.
Can you tell us where?
I could tell you exactly where if there was such a thing as a satellite signal where we are. We are in a remote part of the country, about 200 miles northwest of Mexico City near a very small town called Zomquizomquipan. It is a very mountainous region.
Denise, can you stay where you are? We will find you?
Oh does that sound familiar. Yes, I think we can if nothing changes.
What can change?
We were being tracked. They know we are somewhere in this region. There was a tracking device in Myla’s clothing. We have since discarded it far from here, but when they find it they will start searching, and I don’t know how many there are.
Try to remain where you are. There is a way to pinpoint your exact location, but it is a drastic measure I would rather not take.
How drastic?
It would leave you without your vehicle.
We will try to stay here. If we have to move I will keep you informed.
I will keep checking in with you. Denise, be careful.
Yes.
She walked back to the house to find Anna explaining something to Myla holding an ear of corn in her hands.
“She is so easily entertained,” Layla said.
“Innocent, like a child.”
“Yes. I wonder how old she is?”
“I made contact. They are on their way I hope. I gave them the region and the name of that little town we passed.”
“Well as fast as they travel they should be here any minute no?”
“NO,” Denise shouted wearing a painfully disturbed look on her face.
Denizen, we have unwelcome company heading towards the town, Maria said.
Denise could read the look of panic in the face of Anna who was trying to keep it from Myla.
How many?
Dozens Denizen. They are on motorcycles.
How soon?
Fifteen to thirty minutes at the most.
“Baby we got company coming and lots of it. Bikers.”
“Fucking bikers again?”
“Fucking bikers again.”

Chapter 57
Meeting

Denise stood under the large shade tree with Layla and Myla. “We must flee,” she said. “But before we do, we have some decisions to make.”
“Oh yeah.”
“Speak, please,” Myla said.
“Well, we cannot get out of here going back the way we did without a battle. It may be safe to assume that more of them are coming this way on mountain roads from the south. These are ruthless people. Undoubtedly there is a large price on our heads since that is just about all that motivates these people.”
“How do they know we are anywhere near here?” Layla asked.
“They stopped at the bakery where we met Maria and beat someone badly who works there. The other person working there told them we left following Maria. Apparently they know where she is from.”
“And my people?” Myla asked.
“They will undoubtedly be in this area very soon if they are not already searching from up there, but they have no way of pinpointing our location unless.”
“Unless what?” Layla asked.
“Unless we destroy the Mustang,” Myla said. “It will emit a very strong signature that can be detected showing them the exact location.”
“There’s that,” Denise sighed before continuing. “I don’t want to leave these kind people here, alone. There is no telling what they will do to them to get information.”
“So, do we turn their home into the Alamo and fight here?”
“I cannot do that to them. If there is that many and they are heavily armed as I suspect they will be, the risk is too high that someone will be harmed or dies. Then there is the damage to what little they own and the memories of it all to carry with them.”
“Myla, do you know how to destroy the Mustang to make this work?” Layla asked.
“Yes. May I offer an option?”
“Of course.”
“Unless it too is damaged, and I suspect it is not since we have used it, we do not need to take roads to make our exit.”
“If the vehicle can fit through a space without anything blocking its path like a tree or a rock, we can travel where there are no roads.”
“Can we fly?” Layla asked.
“No. As a safety precaution, they did not build that option into this vehicle. We can, however, travel roughly as tall as we are standing off the ground if necessary.”
Denise stared out at the mountain range and pondered what Myla had just said.
“Damage to their property, to their belongings, this can all be replaced, but we cannot allow them to be harmed.
“You’ve still got me,” Layla said. “The car is visible and slightly crippled, but Myla seems to think we can get out of here. Let’s leave our medallions with them. Kinsa told me that if I was holding someone and activated it, they too would be in stealth.”
“A perfect suggestion,” Myla said.
“There are five of them. Come on, time is wasting,” Denise said.
“Time is wasting?” Myla asked.
“We should act and stop talking because this time could be better spent.”
“I understand.”
They headed back to the house where everyone was gathered inside.

Chapter 58
Getaway

Anna and her family led Denise to an area behind their house that would have made it hard enough for anyone to find them. She put a medallion around the neck of Maria, Anna and her mother Magdalena. “It is important that you hold onto each other when this is activated to be cloaked, invisible,” Denise said.
“What are you going to use?” Anna asked.
“We have other plans,” Denise said, handing Maria six envelopes she had pre-filled with hundred dollar bills. “This is for you. It should be more than enough to cover any damages these bastards might do to your property. Consider it a gift.”
“Gracias Denizen,” Maria said.
“It is we who owe our thanks to you, and Anna.”
“What will you do?”
“We will leave. We have a plan that we think will be successful. Forgive me for not giving you the details.”
“We understand,” Anna said.
“If we get a chance, we will stop back to make sure you are ok.”
Maria simply nodded and smiled. “You have your mind spirit back. It is the fools on bikes that should be worried.”
“Yes, and thank you. Ok, Maria, you hold Jackie, and Magdalena you hold Paulo. Anna, you get your own since you can be most mobile.”
“Thank you Denizen.”
She showed them how to deactivate the medallions when it was safe. “It is important you hold onto each other tight, and be perfectly silent until they leave. Since you will be able to see each other it is easy to forget and speak or make noise.”
“Go now, they are very close,” Maria said.
Denizen gave each of them a hug before activating their medallions one at a time.
“Remarkable,” Anna said as she watched her family members disappear from view.
“You’ll be able to see them when I activate yours.”
“I hope to see you again Denizen.”
“I have a feeling our paths will cross again,” Denise smiled before activating Anna’s medallion.
“Remember, hold on and be silent.”
“Good luck Denizen,” Anna said.
She ran back to the house where Layla and Myla were waiting by the Mustang. “Come one, we got to go. Maria said they are very close.”
They could hear the roar of large bikes in the distance.
“Myla once again slipped into the back seat. Layla pulled out from behind the house and continued further up the road that brought them to it.
“If you notice a good spot to do this just say so. We want to head that way,” Denise said pointing west.
“This looks like a good spot, not too steep or cluttered,” Layla said.
“Myla, what do you think, does it look doable?”
“Yes.” She opened the console and activated the control that moved them roughly three feet off the ground. “A safe height to start with.”
“Feel like I’m on a ride,” Denise laughed.
“Or a boat,” Layla said once they started moving.
“Take it nice and easy Supergirl. We just need to get far enough away, hide, and let the Tyrine know where we are.”
“Yes Captain,” Layla giggled.
Myla looked genuinely amused watching the two in the front seats.
“Make it so,” Denise said before cracking up.
It was the first time either of them had heard anyone from the Tyrine laugh.

Chapter 59
Invisible

Maria and her family could hear the deafening roar of the motorcycle engines pulling up at their home as they remained cloaked and hidden behind the house.
“Six of you continue down that road and make some time. Search the house, search that van. The rest of you, search the woods,” a biker shouted in Spanish.
The family was close enough to the house that they could hear glass breaking as the bikers searched for them.
“No one in this van,” one of the Bikers shouted.
“Check under it.”
A few bikers came out of the house, one of them eating a piece of bread. “No one here,” he said.
“Well they didn’t pass us, they’ve got to be around here somewhere.”
“No sign of the Mustang, but there are tire marks leading down the road you sent Pepe down.”
The lead biker sat on his bike assessing the situation.
“Call everyone back,” he barked.
There was a clamor to get everyone back. The lead biker walked over to another and removed his assault weapon from his shoulder.
“Sense, stop eating and get out of that house,” one of the other bikers shouted.
The lead biker walked over to the side of the house and opened fire on the thick vegetation beyond it in a sweeping motion from right to left and back. “Callate,” he shouted before pausing to listen. When he heard no one he loaded another extended magazine and walked toward the back of the house.
“Down, get down on the ground everyone. Lay as flat as you can,” Anna said.
They heard rounds zipping through the vegetation, whizzing over their heads as he emptied another magazine before stopping to listen.
Don’t be frightened little one, Maria whispered to Jackie.
When he was satisfied there was no one out there hiding, he walked back to his motorcycle and tossed the weapon to its owner.
“Where to now?”
“You said tire tracks went down that road, we go down that road, but first,” he said, pointing to the VW van, “Bonnie and Clyde that van.”
To the sound of crazed laughing the family heard a long loud stream of automatic weapons fire that lasted for what seemed like an eternity. The laughing continued when the firing stopped, and was soon drowned out by the sound of twenty motorcycles starting up.
Having been driving with the widows open, Layla stopped the Mustang when they heard the long steady rhythm of weapons firing in the distance. “Are they ok?” she asked.
“Yes, they’re ok,” Denise smiled. “Oh oh.”
“Let me guess, they’re coming this way.”
“Good guess.”
“Guess?” Myla asked.
“To form an opinion without having sufficient evidence to support it,” Denise said.
“I understand.”
The sound of roaring motorcycle engines could be heard in the distance.
“Time to go Supergirl.”
“Yep.”

Chapter 60
Visible

The noisy parade of motorcycles came to a stop where one of their friends stood next to his bike.
“Tony, what do you have?”
“The tire tracks end here,” Tony said.
“End there? Did they vanish into thin air?” The lead biker walked over to see what he meant.
“They don’t go off in any direction, see, they end here.”
“Did they tell you exactly what we are dealing with when they hired us?”
“Three women. Find them. Bring them back alive if possible. No harm is to come to the small blonde. The others are expendable.”
“Three women, from America, alone in the remote reaches of Mexico. Accidents happen.”
One of the bikers Tony had sent on ahead came speeding back. “Tony, Eduardo, come. We found something.”
“The rest of you, stay here,” Eduardo shouted. “Turn those engines off and keep your eyes and ears open.”
He and Tony followed their friend up the road about a mile and stopped.
“Look, out there, do you see anything?”
Tony and Eduardo shielded the sun from their eyes and looked west.
“There, there, do you see it?” he shouted, pointing far down the valley in the distance.
Eduardo took out a powerful pair of binoculars and scanned in that direction. “Sammy, you have the eyes of an eagle.” He could not only see the trail of dust left in the wake of the Mustang, he could see the car.
“What do you have Eduardo?” Tony asked.
“We found them,” he said, handing the binoculars to him. “Sammy, go back and get the others. Tell them to get over here quick.”
“Three lost American chicks hey? We can see you,” Tony laughed.
“Are we going to be able to follow them?”
“We’re on bikes. Wherever that car can go, we can go and faster.”
Eduardo pulled out an elaborate satellite phone and dialed a number. The roar of the approaching bikes forced him to wait to make the call. “Can’t you see I’m on the phone? Shut those fucking engines off.”
An American answered the phone. “Eduardo, you have news for me?”
“Si. We found them. They won’t get far now that we know where they are.”
“Remember, no harm must come to the small blonde. If she is harmed it will go very badly for you and any others responsible. These people are hideous serious.”
“Send a chopper. We may need one. You’ve never been in these mountains. There is a million places to hide, but not in a car.”
“We’ve had one on the way there since you called earlier. They should be very close to where you are by now. Get your exact position and send it to me and I will have them contact you with an E.T.A.”
Layla stopped the car again to listen. They could hear the roar of motorcycle engines and weapons fire. “They are closer,” she said.
“Yes. Myla, how long does it take to destroy this car and send that signal?”
“It will self destruct in one minute once activated.”
“Really? You think we’ve reached that point?”
“Not yet, but we’re almost there,” Denise said, pointing to a mountain to the right.
“Our last stand?”
“Let’s make them come UP to us.”
“Always a good idea to take the high ground.”
“Why?”
“I don’t know, I heard it in a movie or two,” Layla laughed.
“Myla, how big a blast will it be?”
“We will need to be shielded from it since we cannot get far enough away in one minute if out in the open to avoid injury.”
“Mountain climbing time Supergirl.”
“Never a dull moment,” Layla said as she steered the Mustang towards the Last Stand.

Chapter 61
White Flag

The Mustang climbed to the top of the mountain effortlessly. Denise had been in contact with Mari and Nola regarding their situation and position. If you are not here soon, we are going to have to fight.
Denise. Blow the Mustang as soon as you can so we can pinpoint your location.
I will let you know when we do.
We must be very close.
I know.
“This looks perfect. Myla thinks we will have enough time to get over there,” Layla said, pointing to a place where the ridge narrowed
“I need the binoculars,” Denise said.
Layla dug them out of a backpack and handed them to Denise.
“Holy crap,” she said, noticing multiple dust wakes from the motorcycles as they sped towards their position. “They haven’t started to climb yet, they’re still traveling through the valley.”
“Let’s get all our stuff over there fast,” Layla said.
They unloaded the trunk and back seat of the Mustang and left it all where they would ride out the demise of their car.
“Come on, it’s not going to take them long to get here,” Denise said.
They rushed back to the car where Denise again used the binoculars. “Well, well, well, someone wants to talk,” she said, looking at Eduardo and another waving a white flag tied to the end of an assault rifle. “What do you think?” Denise asked, handing the binoculars to Layla.
“I think they got here a lot faster than I expected they would. They’ll need to travel the rest of the way on foot, it’s too steep. Let’s see what IT has to say.”
“Myla stay here and prep the Mustang to blow. Stay out of sight.”
“Yes.”
Denise and Layla made themselves visible to Eduardo. “What do you want?” Layla shouted.
“Right to the point, I like that,” Eduardo shouted. He started to advance towards them.
“Don’t come any closer, I won’t warn you again,” Layla shouted.
“Get to the point, or get off my mountain,” Denise said.
“You’re mountain?”
“It is now.”
“We only want the blonde girl you took. Send her to us and we will let you leave in peace, let you live.”
“No.”
“You cannot leave this place. You are surrounded and more of us are on the way. Your situation is pretty hopeless.”
“I don’t see it that way at all,” Denise shouted.
“If I were you I would thank whatever god you pray to that I am being so nice,” Eduardo said, even though he had no intention of letting them live if they returned Myla.
“I have a counter offer for YOU,” Layla shouted.
“And what is that?”
“Take yourself and your sleazy friends back to whatever hole you crawled out of while you can. If you don’t, you will all die here today.”
Myla, are you ready?
Yes Denise. As soon as you get back here I can activate it.
We are on our way.
“This conversation is ended. Leave or die,” Denise shouted, noticing Eduardo on a phone when she did.
Layla saw the puffs of smoke from the corner of her eye and raised her force field, but not in time to block all the rounds from the burst of an automatic weapon. One of the bullets found its target grazing Denise’s left shoulder knocking her to the ground. “MOTHER FUCKER,” Layla shouted to the sound of more weapons firing from below. She focused a pulse at the spot she saw the shots come from. It blew the rocks and whoever was hiding behind them into oblivion. “Are you ok?” she asked looking down at Denise.
“No, it fucking hurts like hell.”
“Can you move?”
“Yeah.”
“Don’t get up yet.”
Layla lifted more than a dozen rocks and sent them flying into an advancing group of bikers to the right of where Eduardo was standing with blinding speed. They passed right through most of them splattering body parts to the sound of their screams.
“Come on,” she said, helping Denise up. Bullets bounced in every direction off the shield she had raised until they were out of the line of fire.
“What the fuck is that?” Layla asked.
“It sounds like a helicopter.
“Fuck.”

Chapter 62
Mustang’s End

Myla walked from the Mustang and got under Layla’s protective shield. “Denise, you are hurt.”
“I think I’ll make it. Has the countdown begun?”
“Yes.”
They sprinted to the spot where their things were.
“Layla, remove the shield,” Denise said.
Layla did and Denise called to Mari.
Mari.
Denise.
Countdown has begun. Watch for it. We need to get out of here, and fast. Now they are coming at us from the air.
We are ready.
“Ok baby raise it again, just in case.” Denise said. She could now see the approaching helicopter coming from the north.
“Do not worry,” Myla said. “It is too close and will not survive the blast.”
“WHOOOMPH!” The sound was loud even with their ears covered, as the Mustang self-destructed in a huge explosion. Rocks and pieces of trees flew in every direction. Denise watched, as the helicopter appeared to stop in mid air for a brief moment before tumbling to the ground nose first where it exploded, undoubtedly killing all on board.
“Are we in danger of radiation?” Layla asked.
“Yes. But if we make it back to the Tyrine we will be fine,” Myla said.
Layla crept up to the edge of the ridge they were behind to have a look. “A baby mushroom cloud,” she laughed. “Oh shit, some of them made it to the top. Stay down.” She lifted a large boulder and sent it rolling at the lead six bikers with such velocity it knocked them over like bowling pins.
“What is that?” Denise shouted.
“Uh-oh. Hand me the binoculars,” Layla said.
Myla handed them to her.
“That my dear is two more helicopters coming at us from the south, and fast.”
Denise sat there looking up at the sky as Myla put pressure on her wound. How did she put it exactly? she thought.
“Honey we have less than a minute. Gunfire sprayed the shield protecting them, coming from an area on their side of the ridge.
You have your mind spirit back. It is the fools on bikes that should be worried, Denise remembered.
“Layla. Lower the shield and raise it again on you and Myla.”
“What?”
“Trust me.”
“No.”
“Lower it now.”
Layla did as she asked.
TURN YOUR WEAPONS ON EACH OTHER AND FIRE, she screamed at all the bikers she could see.
Bullets stopped zipping by them when she did. There was a lull in the firing before all hell broke loose. The sound of dozens of automatic weapons firing did not last long, as the bikers turned their weapons on each other and fired.
“I need to get you back under here now, they are almost here,” Layla shouted.
“Make it so Supergirl,” Denise groaned.
Layla saw the look of anguish on her face before she saw the rapidly forming pool of blood.

Chapter 63
Flying

“NOOOOOOOOO,” Layla screamed as she tore herself from the image of Denise lying on the ground bleeding to death. She ripped a towel she’d taken from one of the hotels they stayed in out of a backpack and handed it to Myla. “Keep pressure on the wound.”
Myla looked as though she knew exactly what to do without being told.
“Try to keep her conscious,” Layla cried, tears pouring from her eyes.
“Yes.”
Layla stood up and looked at the two helicopters that were almost upon them. She poised herself to smash them into oblivion when suddenly one, two, six, shuttlecraft appeared out of nowhere. The two above the helicopters took them in tow and swiftly deposited them into the side of a neighboring mountain.
Mari’s shuttle hovered above them. When the ramp opened Aren and two other crewmembers they had never met rushed to their side to help them on board.
“Father,” Myla said, embracing Aren.
Father? Denise thought before she slipped into unconsciousness.
“She is dying father, we must hurry.”
Quickly, they carried Denise into the shuttle with Layla and Myla still applying pressure to her wounds.
The shuttle accelerated straight up with lightning speed. In moments the sky was black and filled with stars, as the image of the Tyrine grew rapidly larger on the screen over Mari.

Chapter 64
Dreaming

Denise could see her reflection in the water between two large black circles.
“What’s down there Denise?” Brenda asked.
“I don’t know Brenda but I can see me down there.”
“Really? Where?”
“Come here and look.”
Brenda got on her hands and knees and moved her head closer to Denise’s head until they were touching.
“Hey, I can see me and you down there.”
“It’s our reflection.”
“Look, I’m waving to us,” Brenda giggled, watching the reflection of her hand waving.
“Denise, where are you honey?” It was her mother calling.
She stood up and ran to the corner. “Here I am mom.”
“Come home honey, lunch is ready.”
Ok, be right there.”
She ran back over to where Brenda was now standing. “I have to go home for lunch.”
“Wait a minute, what’s that?” Brenda asked hearing a sound building beneath them.
“I’m not sure.”
“Maybe it’s a dragon. Maybe you woke it up when you yelled to your mom.”
The sound continued to build in intensity. “Nope, it’s not a dragon.” Denise stood above it looking down.
It was now a ripping, screaming sound that was so loud they would not have been able to hear each other speak. The dress she was wearing was blown up into her face. “That smell. Brenda I know what it is.”
“What is it Denise?”
Suddenly she was in the Student Center at Southern Illinois University. “I know this is going to sound crazy, but around the corner from the first house I lived in, on Milwaukee Avenue some of the sidewalks had metal gratings on them over the subway system. It smelled just like that, like the smell the trains would force up out of the tubes when they came roaring by.”
“Is it a good smell or a bad smell?”
“I’ve always loved that smell, but only from the time when I was young. It’s changed. Now I really don’t like the smell of the subway in Chicago.”
“It came from the Chicago Subway,” Layla laughed.
“It came from the Chicago Subway,” Denise said softly.
“She’s coming around,” Layla said.
“Yeah, that’s right, it came from the Chicago Subway,” Denise said.
“Hey baby,” Layla said when she saw Denise’s eyes open and focus on her face.
“It came from the Chicago Subway,” Denise smiled.
“I know, I was there with you.”
She turned her head to see Myla’s face smiling down at her.
“Am I dreaming? I still smell the subway.”
“No baby. We did it, and that smell would be Myla still expelling toxins from our world.”
“You are on the Tyrine and safe,” Myla said.
“How long?”
“Two days. You’ll make a full recovery. They wanted you to rest so they sedated you,” Layla smiled.
“Two days?”
“Yes, and Myla hasn’t left your side.”
“Father? Did I dream that too?”
“No. Aren is my father.”
“And Nola?”
“My mother.”
The door opened and Mari came in. “How’s the patient doing?” she asked.
“I’m still here, unless this is all a dream.”
“It’s no dream,” Mari smiled.
“Has anyone checked up on Maria and Anna?” Denise asked.
“We have. They all live and are unharmed.”
“Sweet.”
“We collected the medallions from them and left a gift,” Mari said.
“A gift?”
Mari activated a screen on the wall to reveal a very futuristic new home that looked like it was made of metal, and next to the riddled white VW Bus was a brand new VW Bus.
“Wow. The VW Bus sure has changed hasn’t it?” Denise laughed.
“It sure has. Does it hurt to laugh?”
“No, not at all, why?”
“Oh nothing other than you were shot, twice.”
“How did all that go?”
“One of your organs was damaged beyond repair, your spleen. Our surgeon cloned another and replaced it. He says it will last much longer than the original,” Myla smiled.
“So, how large is the scar? You won’t find me attractive any more,” Denise sighed gazing into Layla’s eyes.
“See for yourself.”
“If you’ll excuse me,” Myla said before she stood up and walked out of the room with Mari in tow.
“Giggling? Did I hear Myla giggling?” Denise asked.
“She’s been laughing and giggling a lot.”
Denise lifted the garment she was wearing to reveal an abdomen that looked like she remembered it. “No scar?”
“No scars,” Layla said emphasizing the plural, touching her gently on the left shoulder.
“I love you Layla,” Denise said, tears filling her eyes.
“And I love you Denise.”
They made out like schoolgirls, on an alien bed, in an alien infirmary, on an alien ship, and it felt like home.

Chapter 65
Returned

Once again Denise and Layla found themselves in another part of the ship that had previously been deemed off limits. Gathered before them were the complete ships complement of the Tyrine, less a few personnel needed to monitor and run the ship.
“I know that I speak for the entire crew of the Tyrine when I say that your presence in our lives has been one of the most loving, moving, compassionate, intense and downright crazy experiences we have ever been a part of. On behalf of our crew, our species, and especially Aren, Myla and myself, Thank You, for everything.”
A resounding THANK YOU came from the sixty crew members gathered before them.
Denise and Layla smiled and took a bow. “Thank you,” Denise said, “for coming into our lives, and giving me hope for our species, and for our world. Just knowing that beings as wonderful as yourselves are out there makes fighting to survive, and change, seem so worth it.”
“Thank you, for teaching me to love again, and find love,” Layla said.
The goodbyes lasted for nearly an hour before they made their way back to Aren, Myla and Nola.
“Will me ever meet again?” Denise asked.
“Anything is possible, you’ve proven that,” Aren said.
“I believe we will,” Nola smiled.
“I KNOW we will,” Myla giggled before giving Denise a big hug.
Mari approached and waited so she did not interrupt them.
“Mari is ready whenever you are,” Nola said.
“I think we’re ready.”
“Ilga ventu remil,” Nola said.
“And the meaning?” Denise asked.
“Live long and love,” Myla said.
“Goodbye,” Denise and Layla said.
“Goodbye.”
They followed Mari back to the shuttlecraft where Trepa was already waiting. Within minutes they were on their way back to Denise’s trailer in Southern Illinois.
She brought the shuttle down right over Denise’s yard. They both hugged Mari and Trepa and said their final goodbyes before they walked down the ramp that closed behind them, the hum of the shuttle departing the only sound around them.
“Fresh cut grass,” Denise said, breathing in deeply.
“Love it.”
The Mustang was right where they left it before they headed south.
“You know what I’m really hoping for?” Layla said.
“What?”
“Your ham and egg breakfast.”
“We have nothing here but coffee and condiments and canned goods,” Denise laughed.
“I’ll run out in the morning and pick up what we need.”
“It’s good to be back,” Denise said.
“Oh yeah,” Layla said as she kissed Denise deeply then led her by the hand into the trailer, the sounds of a Southern Illinois night once again filling the air.
Denise was up before Layla. She put on a pot of coffee and hopped in the shower.
“Where did you leave the car keys?” Layla asked when she walked out of the bathroom wearing a short robe.
“Oh, here,” she giggled, pulling the keys out from under the mattress.
Layla shook her head and laughed. “I slept so well I never felt a thing. I’ll be right back.”
She put on a pair of sunglasses and walked out the door. In a few moments she walked right back in through it. “Someone stole the car,” she sighed.
“What?”
“Seriously, it’s gone.”
They both walked out into the yard. The original Mustang was gone.
“I’ll walk over to my place and go get what we need. Are you going to call it in to the cops, cause if you are, I don’t want to be here when they show up.”
“I guess I will, later,” Denise said.
As soon as she finished speaking two Mustangs materialized facing each other on the lawn, one black and one deep burgundy, the color of the original.
“Well I’ll be,” Layla laughed.
They walked over to the black one first and opened the door. When they did a message began. “Dear friends. Please accept these vehicles as gifts of thanks from the crew of the Tyrine.”
“Sweet. And I thought I was going for groceries in my Focus,” Layla laughed.
They then walked over to the burgundy one and opened the door to another message. “Denise. By now you know these are a gift from us to you. We took your original Mustang as a souvenir for Myla. You forgot your backpacks, cooler and pottery. They are in your trunk. Have fun flying. Ilga ventu remil.”
“Have fun flying?” Denise said. She reached over to the console to see a new assortment of controls and smiled. On the drivers seat was a package wrapped in black material. She opened it to find a small stack of DVD’s titled Learning to Fly 101.
“Looks like we’re going to need a completely different flying class than we had originally planned,” Layla laughed.
“Come on, screw making breakfast this morning. Let’s go to Mary Lou’s, you drive.”
“Yes.”

Chapter 66
So Many Stars

Weeks after their return, Denise and Layla sat on a blanket in the open field outside Fort de Chartres.
“Here you are. Happy Birthday,” Layla said, handing her a small package.
“Aw, you shouldn’t have,” Denise giggled.
She opened the gift to reveal a replica of the medallions they used to help them in their quest. “I had a friend who creates jewelry make it. There’s not another one like it anywhere, on Earth at least.”
“I love it, thank you.”
“So you can legally walk into a bar and order a drink now.”
“Yep. You know, ever since I was a little girl, on my birthday I have always given a gift to one person in my life who I love, who is special to me.” She handed Layla an envelope.
“Really? How sweet. What a wonderful tradition to keep.” Layla opened the envelope to reveal one Illinois Lottery ticket. “Powerball huh?”
“Yes. It’s not that high today, only sixty-six million before taxes,” Denise giggled.
Layla hugged her and kissed her deeply.
“Is it dark enough?”
“Yes, I think we’re good to go.”
“Let’s see, that was between the arm and head of the Virgin yes?” Denise said.
“I think we have it,” Layla said, stepping away from a telescope on a tripod. “Here, have a look.”
Denise looked through the telescope to reveal M61, the spiral galaxy and home of all on the Tyrine. “It’s beautiful.”
“I wonder what we look like from there?”
“The Milky Way is phenomenal. I’m sure we look beautiful as well.”
“Well honey, what would you like to do, it’s your birthday?”
“I know this may sound corny, but I’d like to head back and have a cocktail, my treat.”
“Haa. Sounds perfect.”
Layla packed up the telescope while Denise stared up at the night sky. “So many stars.”
“Love it.”
Denise folded the blanket and they put everything in the trunk of the burgundy Mustang.
“Look, a shooting star,” Layla said.
“Yes. Wish time,” Denise said before getting in the drivers seat. She piloted the Mustang south on Highway 3, popped in a CD and sang along to the first song that came on, “The dawn is filled with dreams, So many dreams which one is mine, One must be right for me, Which dream of all the dreams, When there’s a dream for every star, And there are oh so many stars, So many stars.”
Neither of them noticed the light in the night sky moving slowly in the same direction they were traveling.



Connect with me online at 

garbovatwins@gmail.com

http://grevali.wordpress.com/

