Desert of Ice
By M. Marinan


Across Time & Space book 4
Smashwords Edition

Copyright 2018 M. Marinan 
This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only.  This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people.  If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient.  If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your enjoyment only, then please delete it and purchase your own copy.  Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.

Dear Reader,
Desert of Ice completes the story arc begun in book 3, Desert of Fire. 
I recommend that you read the series in order.


This book is dedicated to Teresa, because I forgot with Breaking the Glass Slipper. (Silly me.) 
Also thanks again to Kate and Anne-Marie for helping to shape and polish this story.
Table of Contents

Prologue
1 – Old Friends
2 – The Accidental Informant
3 – Dangerous Secrets
4 – Hidden Paths
5 – The Sleepers
6 – The Great Escape
7 – Needle in a Haystack
8 – Theft and Propaganda
9 – Defeat
10 – Switching the Tracks 
11 – Hiding in Plain Sight
12 – Face-off
13 – Worthy of Fear
14 – The Source of the Fire
15 – Transition
16 – Resolution 
Epilogue

Afterword
The Hidden Door excerpt
Prologue

Bethel Insane Asylum, the outskirts of Lunden, 1818 AD

George awoke with a start. His face was squashed uncomfortably against the stone wall of his small cell, and he had a crick in his neck, an ache in his head, and a bruised backside from the inhospitable seating. How had he even managed to fall asleep?
“By Jove,” he muttered in dismay. “I was hoping this had all been a dream.”
But no, he was still in the insane asylum. The one his own dear family had put him into, and he had no way of getting out. Ashlea didn’t even know he was in here. In fact, his twenty-first-century mobile phone had been misplaced somewhere, most likely back at the Lunden townhouse.
Oh…dear.
So it was with desperation that George turned to the one person who might just be able to hear him even in the depths of this dreadful dilemma, alliteration aside.
“Amaranthus,” he whispered hoarsely. “Are you there?”
There was no answer, but instead perhaps the sense that he wasn’t quite alone. Or that could have been the headache and wishful thinking working together. Outside his cell, George could hear the faint sounds of an argument – either the asylum guards, or some poor mad soul losing their temper.
“Amaranthus?” he tried again a little louder. “If you can hear me, please respond!”
There were two seconds of silence, and then someone shouted from down the hall, “TELL HIM HE’LL HAVE TO BLOODY WELL WAIT UNTIL IT’S READY!”
“Oh, I say,” George muttered to himself, taken back by both the vehemence of the shout and its timing. “Mind your language, chap.”
There was no way that those having the argument down the hall could hear his quiet murmurs, although they had reduced to a more reasonable volume. He tried it one more time, very quietly. “Amaranthus…?”
Down the hall, someone shouted again, “I said WAIT! Don’t you speak Anglish?”
George went very, very quiet, just as an asylum guard stomped past the barred door to his cell. He then heard them further down the hall, banging on the cell of whoever had been holding the odd part-conversation with George. 
“Talking to yourself again, Warrocks? That’s a good way to get a cold-water treatment!”
The shouting faded into snivelling, with the inmate – for that was surely who it was – muttering, “Wait, he’s got to wait. He thinks these things can happen in an instant, does he? Should wait.”
George slumped back against the wall of his cell, hope and confusion warring inside him. Very well. 
He’d wait. It wasn’t as if he had any other choice.



Somewhere in the future

After being woken from a virtual reality nightmare by little Elspeth, Ash had been given the chance to complete a task for Amaranthus here, wherever here was. She now stood outside the shimmering remnant gateway that led back to Lunden, 1818 AD, and a rather smothering existence. She’d argued with George, his family didn’t like her, the corsets crushed her ribs, and she’d been told to do embroidery!
The horror. Twenty-year-old girls from the twenty-first century did not do embroidery.
But now she had a choice. She could swallow her pride and go back to 1818, or be immature and have fun while searching for a mysterious blue-eared girl. To lend assistance, Elspeth had said, as well as a few other things Ash had noted in her phone. Bad circulation or bad fashion? Who cared! 
Ash took the middle ground between the two choices. She poked her head through the gateway just long enough to ascertain that yes, it was the way back to Lunden, then stepped back into wherever she was now. 
She looked around with interest. Her surroundings were a bit grubby and neglected in appearance, and the buildings went up and up and up, higher than anything she’d seen before, with blocky connections between their upper levels far above her head. She still couldn’t see anyone around, but she could hear the faint roar of what sounded like many, many vehicles.
Ooh, this must be a big city, Ash mused. And it was far enough in the future to have virtual reality: fingers crossed it would have flying cars too. Much more fun than smelly old Lunden, where she couldn’t even go into a men’s bookstore.
Speaking of smelly old Lunden… Ash pulled out her mobile phone and dialled George’s number again. He hadn’t responded to her voice message, but that didn’t worry her too much. Chances were he just hadn’t checked the phone. But this time it just rang once then went to voicemail. 
She sighed. “Hi, George. It’s me again. I’m still through the new gateway, you know, the one by Tolliver’s bookstore.” In case he’d forgotten. She lowered her voice, feeling excitement course through her. “I’ve got a mission! It’s a weird one, but I’ll give it my best shot. Just…give me a call when you can, OK? Love you.”
Ash ended the call, then studied the phone with a brief frown. Was there something wrong with George? Their fight yesterday hadn’t been that bad, but something wasn’t sitting right…
But she dismissed that last thought, instead focussing on what was ahead of her. Adventure hoy!
“I,” Ash said to herself, because there was no one else around to talk to, “am going to be extremely helpful.” 
Once she’d found this girl with the blue-ears, anyway. There couldn’t be that many of them around.



Somewhere across time and space…

Anne followed the sentinel through the gateway, steeling herself for the shock of whatever lay on the other side. Every gateway was a little startling, for she would find herself in yet another change of garb, and with any kind of surroundings. But then she had chosen to follow the glowing, flickering bug from gateway to gateway rather than retracing her own steps, thinking it would be a faster route back to the Mountain of Glass.
Hmm, mayhap she had misjudged, for this must be the seventh remnant gateway, and the Mountain was nowhere to be seen. She could not regret her actions in leaving in the first place. She had gone alone, had followed the gate-bug-sentinel until it had enabled her to save a man’s life, but now…
In this new location the air was cool and mayhap a little damp. The sentinel had vanished once more, and she stood alone in a stone-built hall, light streaming through high, narrow windows to her left and falling onto a wooden floor lightly scattered with rushes. She smelled the faint mixture of crushed herbs and rot indicating the rushes were overdue for a change, and suddenly she felt rather weighed down in cloth.
“My garb,” she breathed. “My garb.” ’Twas the gown she had worn upon leaving her own time, one in green and gray with a wide velvet skirt, and the usual corset that now felt unnecessarily restrictive. She quickly pulled up the skirts, noting with relief that her sparkly purple slippers were still in place.
But ’twas going to the window that showed the truth of her location. She could see only a little, but the outer bailey wall was as familiar as ever, as were the fields beyond it.
“By the Rood,” Anne said in dismay. “I’ve come home.” 
Just then a maidservant came around the corner, her arms full of linen for the upstairs room, for that was where this hall led. She was gray-haired and full-figured and sour-faced, and when she saw Anne she froze.
There was no time to escape, no time to find the gateway again, nor another for that matter. “Maura,” Anne said heartily. “Good morrow. I trust you are well?”
Maura screamed.




1.     Old Friends

Lile City, the Secular Republic of Lile, Eastern Europa, early 2598 AD

“Two hundred credits?” Coryn echoed in disbelief. “But you said yourself, it’s a miracle the thing still runs.”
“It has a valid permit,” the man repeated staunchly. “That makes it worth two hundred. If you don’t want it, I know plenty of others who do.”
Coryn pretended to be reluctant. “Oh, I suppose I’ll take it.” Inside she felt exultant. Two hundred might be the sum total of her savings (all the more for not having to pay rent) but she didn’t care. Finding a working air vehicle that also had a permit for within her admittedly stingy price range seemed like a miracle.
It was small and open-topped, with two stubby wings, three sets of old-fashioned jets to match the number of seats, and was painted a faded orange-red. She loved it on sight – although naturally she’d made the seller (whose name might have been Bob, Tomas, or Kim, she still wasn’t sure) fly her around over the city to make sure the thing actually worked.
He scanned her chip, and a moment later the payment was through. He handed her the key – more of a formality, since now the vehicle would be cued to her chip and no one else’s – and she pocketed it. “So, what’s a girl like you need with one of these?” the seller asked casually.
She shrugged. “That’s my business, isn’t it?”
A knowing expression came into his eyes, and then he turned them intentionally blank. “Of course.”
He left without Coryn ever knowing his name, and she knew that he thought she was up to no good. Why else would someone want a small three-seater air vehicle in the city? 
The truth was, of course, that she was up to no good for a good purpose. A burning resolve had set in over these last few weeks, one to avenge Trennan and Kamile’s murders, and to complete the task her lover had been set – all of which broke multiple Secular laws. 
But she’d grown up in an anti-Sec, supernaturally inclined cult Compound, and she knew that the Sec government just didn’t understand. They didn’t know about the Other realm, full of fantastically powerful beings that were oh so ready to help – or hurt – humans. They didn’t know about the Fey (or Creatures, as their name varied depending on who you asked). They also didn’t understand that using alter-power or the supernatural wasn’t bad for humanity. It was just another gift that people could master, just like art or mathematics. So they passed laws against alter-power and the religions that came from it, and they arrested or executed anyone who crossed the line.
Even though Coryn’s best friend and her fiancé were now dead and life was an inch short of miserable, she wasn’t quite ready to end up in a pile of ash herself. She planned to be quiet and careful… oh, and to use the air vehicle to spy on the Chosen Compound. By air was one of the few ways to get a look in without them knowing it was her. When she’d barely escaped with her own life a few months earlier, her former mentor, a powerful Fey named Brosca, had wiped any memory of her existence from the minds of her friends and family. They no longer knew who she was, and she no longer had a home amongst them. It was a vicious, nasty thing to do, but then Brosca and the Elders who ran the Compound had also turned out to be vicious, murdering blood-drinkers. It just showed you never really knew a person, did you?
But here and now, three minutes after whatshisname had left, she was staring down at the console in dismay. “What do you mean, I need a license?” she echoed. “The plane has a permit.”
“Coryn Regindotir requires an air license before she is permitted to fly the vehicle,” the console’s pleasant, gender-neutral voice repeated. “This can be easily acquired by registering at a local bureau-station, and then passing a brief test conducted by a trained official. Your nearest bureau-station is-”
“I know,” Coryn interrupted. It was about half an hour’s walk, but the fact that she had to go at all dismayed her. So much for her plan to avoid enforcers. But what else was there to do? 

“Goodness, what were the chances that I would be on duty when you came in?” Daniel said cheerfully from his seat beside her in the air vehicle. “Almost like it was meant to be.” And then he laughed, because to him, of course the universe had no rhyme or reason.
“Ha,” Coryn agreed politely. But seriously, what were the chances? Better than she’d thought, obviously. It wasn’t that she disliked this particular bureau-enforcer, it was more that his increasingly clear interest in her made her very uncomfortable. If he knew what she was really like…
“So, what made you want to buy an air vehicle?” he asked. 
She shrugged. “I’ve always wanted to fly.”
“You could just use the anti-grav wings. They’d be about the same price, wouldn’t they, and unlike the air vehicle, their use isn’t restricted to the outskirts of the city,” Daniel persisted.
“I don’t know,” Coryn demurred, ignoring the fact that she had a pair hidden back with the rest of her belongings. “Wings seem very insecure. I know they’ve been tested a lot, and there are very few accidents, but there’s nothing between you and the ground except air. The idea makes me uncomfortable.”
“And having an inch of plasti-metal seems like an improvement?” 
Coryn flicked the engine on, then abruptly pulled up off the ground, fast enough that the enforcer was knocked back in his seat. “Yes.”

Ten minutes of fairly good flying later, Coryn was wondering why Daniel had volunteered to be the tester. He clearly didn’t like heights – although she knew she had flown smoothly (alright, fairly smoothly) he was white-faced and sweating. 
“We’re coming up to the borders of the city again,” she told him. “Do you want me to do another loop?”
“Ah…no, no, that will be fine,” he replied hurriedly. 
“So that was enough? I passed?”
“Yes…yes, you passed. Shall we just go down now?”
“Alright,” Coryn agreed cheerfully. She took the air vehicle back down to the landing area near the river’s edge, perhaps a little too fast, but came to rest on the paved ground without so much as a jolt.
Daniel just sat in the seat for a moment, eyes closed, before carefully climbing out. “Where did you learn how to fly?”
Er… she’d been taught in ten minutes by the man who’d sold her the thing? She shrugged. “Oh, here and there. Why?”
He shook his head. “No problem. It’s just that…”
“What?”
“You might want to think about flying a little…slower.”
Coryn frowned at him in confusion. “If I go too slowly we’ll fall out of the air. Besides, I didn’t do anything wrong, did I?”
“Not technically,” he muttered to himself, then gave her a weak smile. “If you wait a moment, I’ll get my scanner and give you your license.”
“Sure.”
What that meant was scanning her embedded chip, leaving the information in it that would connect with the console and enable her to fly independently. 
“There you go, all done.”
Finally. Coryn felt herself smile, one of the first genuine smiles she’d had in a long time. She hadn’t had any reason to do so earlier. “Thank you, Daniel.”
He looked a little dazed for some reason, but he smiled back. “You’re welcome. Um…I was wondering, would you like to-”
But Coryn had seen something over his shoulder, something that made her heart skip a beat in fear.
“Er…are you alright?”
She glanced at the enforcer, then back at the street corner where she’d seen that tall, muscular figure, with fair hair and facial scar evident even from here. The space was empty – she’d imagined seeing Aras again. “Sorry. What?” 
“Never mind,” Daniel said dejectedly.
“Oh. Sure. Well…thanks again,” Coryn said politely. “I’ve got somewhere I need to be, so if you don’t mind…?” She gestured at her brand new (to her) vehicle.
“Go ahead.”



Lunden, Angland, 1818 AD

“Will you come with me to the meeting? It looks to be most interesting. I’m told there’ll be a new speaker.”
Olivia Seymour, wife to the fifth Viscount Morley, looked up from her tea with a start. She still sat in her friend’s tastefully decorated parlour just as she had for the last twenty minutes, but her mind was miles away. As far as Bedlam Asylum, to be precise. “I’m dreadfully sorry, Elaine. Were you saying something?”
The slender brunette rolled her eyes, albeit in a restrained, dignified fashion. “The biannual meeting of the Society for the Exploration of Alter-power, Occult and the Supernatural, naturally. It’s at midday, so shortly. I know you’ve chosen to miss the last few, but really, I think this could be worth attending.”
Olivia thought of her brother-in-law George, and of his insistence that his obviously low-class wife was in fact some sort of time traveller. That was when one had an interest in the unusual, and took it far beyond the realms of the socially acceptable. As for herself, she’d just been curious to see what the world held outside the borders of the everyday and the obvious. But then some of the last meetings she’d attended with Elaine had been…well, disturbing. 
In the silence Elaine added, “It won’t be at all like the séance we attended. I know you didn’t like that, but this is a mere lecture. Held during daylight, even. No dabbling with dark powers, I swear it.”
The last was said with a hint of sarcasm, because Elaine hadn’t felt the same way Olivia had at that last meeting. The promise had been to contact some of the dearly departed, and Elaine had found the darkness and the candles and the mysterious words to be an amusing game. But Olivia… She still couldn’t shake the feeling that they hadn’t been alone in that darkness; that they’d welcomed in something less than friendly and less than human, and even now the memory made her shudder. So she’d pushed it all away; had told herself it had all been her imagination, and to focus on the here and now.
But life had been so very dry and thankless lately, even before the dilemma with poor George, and she found herself wavering. “Just a lecture, Elly?”
“Just a lecture, on my honour.”

A mere hour later the two ladies found themselves in the second row of chairs in a good-sized room. A wooden podium sat up the front, with the society’s name painted on an enormous cloth banner strung up along the wall behind. As promised, the meeting looked closer to a lecture than anything summoning dark spirits. A subtitle under the society’s name read ‘Alter-power and the metaphysics of time travel’.
“Time travel,” Olivia groaned. She just couldn’t escape it!
“Hush,” Elaine scolded her. “It’ll be a laugh at the very least.”
Olivia wanted to slump back into her straight-backed chair, or perhaps even dramatically storm out of the room, but she didn’t. She loathed drawing attention to herself, and besides, perhaps she’d learn something new that could assist with freeing George from his delusion.
But then the room filled up, and the speaker was announced, and then up he came to the front of the room. He was a man perhaps a little older than Olivia’s husband Edward; in his early thirties at most. He had regular, unassuming features and a full brown moustache that curled up at the edges. In fact, Dr Pennysworth looked almost exactly as he had the previous day when he’d convinced Olivia that her brother-in-law was insane for his apparent belief in time travel.
Well, well. And here he was.
And then the good doctor began to speak. He spoke with enthusiasm and energy and yes, just a little spittle about how with the right mechanics and the right location, one might be able to escape from the bondage of time. One might in fact be able to visit a past or future era, or prevent terrible disasters from occurring, or stop oneself from ageing, or-
“Or go back fifty years and make a good investment!” someone called out from behind Olivia. “So your present self can live like a king!”
Dr Pennysworth laughed. “One might do all manner of things,” he began. But then his eyes met hers and he blanched. “Er…questions at the end.”
Then when the lecture ended, Olivia made certain to wait until the small crowd of curious Society members had lessened. “One moment, Elaine. I have a question for the good doctor.”
Elaine seemed less than interested, as she’d already made her way to the door. Perhaps the lecture hadn’t been quite as fascinating as she had anticipated. 
Then finally, finally Olivia had the chance to speak to him alone. “Good day, sir,” she said coolly. “I was very interested to see your topic of discussion today. I was under the impression you were a man of science.”
“Science, yes, very much so,” he agreed, his eyes darting away from hers. “But is alter-power not simply a branch of science as yet little understood?”
“Perhaps.” That was what she had always assumed, or had hoped, anyway. If it could be understood it could be harnessed – if one could avoid looking like a fool while doing so. “And yet you advised me that a certain person must be veritably insane for proposing similar ideas. I aided you in having him put away for that very reason!”
“Lady Morley,” Dr Pennysworth began, then drew himself up to his full, not very impressive height. “There is an infinite difference between suggesting what may be possible, in a perfect world, and insisting that one has in fact performed fantastical feats daily while being unable to prove such a thing. Your brother in law suffers from the latter condition. While I have yet to draw conclusions about how he may be treated, rest assured it is of the highest priority!”
“I’m sure it is,” Olivia started to say. She was a little taken aback by his sudden change in manner. “But-”
“My apologies, my lady. I have an appointment.” He bowed neatly, then abruptly turned and left, taking his hat from beside the door as he did so.
Olivia was left alone in the now-empty room, feeling confused and a bit foolish, and as if she might have made a dreadful mistake.  



Lile, 2598 AD

Having disposed of Daniel the Overly-friendly Enforcer, Coryn climbed back into her new air vehicle and set off towards the west of the city. Before, when she’d been taking her test, she’d seen something that needed closer examination. There’d been a blur of colour off in the distance, and the sense that something wasn’t right. Something not purely physical; something that he wouldn’t have noticed. But of course she couldn’t have checked it out when he was with her. 
So now she headed back out as quickly as the console would let her fly, not worrying too much about crashing or flying smoothly. After all, the console was the thing which stopped her crashing into mountains (there were none, since Lile was very flat) tall buildings (also none nearby – it was against the law to fly over densely populated areas) and other air vehicles (very few, since private air vehicles were often more trouble than they were worth).
Reaching the furthest place she’d flown with the enforcer, Coryn went even further. Within minutes her suspicions were shown correct. Unlike what she’d been taught by the Chosen, the Borderlands of the Other weren’t just in one neat little area near the Compound far below her. Of course she’d known that their territory had grown just from what Kamile and the other girls had told her earlier, but not like this…
There were patches of wrong-feeling atmosphere, places metres wide that she’d fly through in an instant, or which showed as dark blotches in her peripheral vision. Most people wouldn’t see them, but she could, and the patches went further than she realised, further in every direction. Perhaps her unusual heritage had some uses after all.
“I don’t understand,” she said aloud. “How can there be all these little entrances to the Other?”
“To the other what?” the console asked politely.
In a moment of incredible coldness, Coryn realised that every single word she spoke would be examined for potential treason or criminal activity, and sent on to the government. It was the same with the links they all so often wore, but she’d forgotten, just for a moment. “What?”
“To the other what?” the console repeated. 
“How should I know?”
“You just said, ‘How can there be all these little entrances to the other?’ and I asked, ‘to the other what?’”
Of course she couldn’t confuse a computer. “I was thinking aloud, and my thoughts were jumbled,” she lied. “Ignore that.”
The console went silent, and Coryn marvelled that she was monitored even on this old clunker. Was there some way she could get around that, make the computer ‘deaf’? But no, that would cause suspicion even if there had been none.
She flew around the area a few more times, then went further into the countryside, just for her own interest. The strict city-limit laws had been in place for centuries, and a good thing too. With how high Lile City had been built, and with how she could see various smaller towns off in the distances, also rising high into the air within their very confined spaces…if the buildings had merely been houses, there wouldn’t be an inch of green space left. What an ugly picture that would make.
Sigh. 
Coryn wondered briefly again why she had bought this machine, but then decided it didn’t matter. Worst case scenario, she’d sell it for scrap. Best case, it would save a life.
Ha. As if.

“I can’t believe you bought an air vehicle,” Magdalene said excitedly. “When are you going to take us for a ride?” 
“When have you got free time?” Coryn answered. They were sitting out in the fresh air of level seven, the sun shining between the gaps of the higher levels. The area was practically uncovered, and the small square of grass grew lushly around the bench where they sat not far from an elevator that led down to the lower levels.
The other girl slumped. “I’m working late for the next five days. When do you start?”
“6 a.m.”
“Oh.”
“If you’re working late, I hope you’re not walking home alone,” Coryn said worriedly, remembering the disaster of the week before. A man with a paragun had taken a roomful of people hostage, including Magdalene. No one had died, but Coryn had found she had a new skill. She was immune to paragun pellets. Oh, and she still had a target drawn on her own chest, even as peaceful as her life now seemed. “I know the man is in custody now, but still…”
Then Magdalene did something unexpected. She blushed. “A friend from the Mall has been walking me home.”
Coryn’s eyebrows shot up. “A male friend?” 
Magdalene shrugged self-consciously, and her blush deepened. “Karl is nice,” she replied a little defensively. “He’s fifteen, and works at the shake-palace across from the ice-shop.”
“Good. I wouldn’t want you to be walking with anyone who wasn’t nice.” The other girl kept blushing, so Coryn decided to give her a break. “Does that mean you can’t come into the antique film exhibit with me?”
“I can’t. I’m meeting someone.” 
Coryn didn’t even have to ask who, because Magdalene’s blush suddenly flamed up again. “Ohh…well, I’ll see you later.” 
She waved goodbye, then watched in curiosity and a little envy as Magdalene greeted a dark-haired boy at the other side of the square. The pleasure on both faces was evident, and Coryn was reminded once again of Trennan. No wonder they hadn’t been able to hide their relationship, if they’d looked at each other the way these two had. The memory hurt, of course. When did thinking of Trennan not hurt?
“Coryn.”
She turned and looked up towards the source of the voice, then stopped cold.
 Aras. 
And this time she knew it truly was him. The massive man looked even bigger when he was standing in front of her, and he was exactly the same, right down to the shoulder-length fair hair, white scar on the left side of his face, and silvery prosthetic arm. The expression on his face was different though; somehow more open, but she couldn’t read it. She didn’t try.
Without even thinking, Coryn reached up and pushed him hard. He stumbled backwards, teetering on the edge of the platform, and after an agonising moment where his shocked eyes met hers, he fell backwards.



Bethel Insane Asylum, the outskirts of Lunden, 1818 AD

A new day in this place; another dose of the same questions.
“Tell me about your wife. Where is she from? When is she from? Tell me about the future. How does one travel through time? Do you have any other friends from the future? Have you ever been to the past? You can tell me, Mr Seymour. I do believe you.”
By early afternoon when Dr Pennysworth came in yet again, flanked by two burly asylum guards and began to run through the same list of questions, ignoring all of George’s very reasonable queries, George lost his temper.
“Very well, you wish to know about time travel? I’ll tell you. It shall be invented around the turn of the twenty-second century, but will be quickly made illegal for obvious reasons. A few scientist types like yourself will retain access to it, hence my own travels. That’s where I met my now-wife, along with a young Tudar woman named Anne of Covington. 
“I also discovered there an abundance of alter-power, and those who misused it in attempts to become gods. I have met supernatural beings, flying men, giants, shapeshifters, and all manner of awful and interesting creatures, and I’ve met a man who is just about as close to a celestial as I believe is possible to find on this earth.” George placed his hands in his lap and stared up at the doctor defiantly. “Are you satisfied, sir?”
Dr Pennysworth seemed a little stunned, but then his expression changed to glee. George braced himself, waiting for whatever painful ‘cures’ would no doubt come now that he had revealed his ‘insanity’, but instead the man turned to the guards. “Wait outside. I shall need to speak with Mr Seymour privately.”
For the first time it seemed as if ‘Mister’ was being used politely rather than as a sarcastic insult, and George finally realised something. The moment the other two men left the room, closing the door after them, he turned to the doctor in shock. “My word. You do believe me, don’t you?”
The other man had an expression of such glee that George was taken back. “Oh, I do, how I do. Did I not make that clear?”
George stared at him in condescending disbelief. “I’m in an insane asylum, sir! So no, I did not expect to be taken seriously.”
“Well. You have been. You’ve come to my attention,” Dr Pennysworth declared, pausing for an ecstatic hand-wringing, “…and now that I have your cooperation, I believe we can work together very well, very well indeed.”
As the man spoke, various thoughts came together in George’s mind, realisations one after the other like puzzle pieces fitting together. Click. Click. Click. “Was it my brother or sister-in-law that wanted me in here?”
“Does it matter?”
“Yes,” George replied emphatically. “It does. Very much so.”
Dr Pennysworth lifted his chin. “Very well. It was your sister-in-law, the Viscountess. In spite of her interest in alter-power, she lacks true faith in such things.”
“And she told you that she suspected her brother-in-law was mad,” George prompted.
“Yes…may I remind you that I am questioning you?”
“You talked her into getting me committed,” George continued, his anger increasing. “And I’m supposed to help you?”
The doctor stared at him frankly. “Well, you hardly have any other choice, do you?”

It took both guards several well-placed punches to pull George off the doctor. When they finally left his head was ringing from the blows, and he thought perhaps he must have convinced them he was mad after all. Probably not the best move, but he had been so angry.
That illegitimate son of a swine! How could he have been so devious?
Even as he thought it, George corrected himself. Of course he could be so devious. The world was full of both men and women who would do anything and use anyone to get what they wanted. As for what the doctor wanted…perhaps recognition for proving time travel? Or power of his own? That seemed to be the most common desire.
Oh, George simply should have played along until he was freed, and just made sure not to give away any actual information. Like where Ashlea was, as the doctor had asked many times…as if George would tell! His wife might drive him mad at times, but he certainly wasn’t going to let her get into the hands of such an unscrupulous man. 
Fretting a little, he wondered where she was, if she’d gone back to her own time after all. Or perhaps to that other gateway she’d told him about, the one outside the bookstore. Even though it was infuriating to think that she’d defy him so openly, he rather hoped she had. At least there she would be safe. Perhaps she’d been right after all about their preferred location. Perhaps it was a better choice to stay in her time, in spite of all its moral and social idiosyncrasies and stupidities. If he ever got out to make the choice, that was. Insane asylums were locked up tighter than most prisons.
Oh Chaos, how did he end up in these situations? Back when he first travelled and had the run-in with the ‘Nobles’ back in Iversley, 2155, he had been under the mental control of their queen, Seyen Johannis, and had ended up in what seemed like a very similar situation. He might not have been physically chained like he was now, but his mind had been so twisted that he may as well have been. And then, the first time he went into the Other, he ended up trapped under a rock fall in a cave. And now it was here, in his own time, in a madhouse.
Why, why, why could he not have a normal life?! Why did these things always happen to him?
George considered banging his head repeatedly against the wall, but decided he was bruised enough as it was. Besides, if his foolish brother and his easily-led wife should happen to stop by (and by Jove was he furious with those two!) he didn’t want to look as though he belonged here.
 “Amaranthus,” he murmured again, desolately this time. “There better be some reason for this mess.”
 


Lile, 2598 AD

Coryn watched as Aras teetered on the edge of the platform then fell out of sight. She didn’t wait to see if he’d been injured. Instead she turned and ran for the nearest buildings, slowing down to a fast walk when she spotted an enforcer. It was a three credit fine for running in public areas, and she didn’t need any more fines, especially not now. 
Glancing over her shoulder, she saw that Aras had climbed back up onto the platform. Her heart skipped a beat – in a bad way – and she picked up her pace.
How how how had he found her!? What tremendous bad luck! 
No, it was worse than that, Coryn told herself as she stepped in through the first set of doors, not caring where she went. She’d always thought that he’d had something to do with what had happened to Trennan and Kamile, that it had been a sort of revenge for tricking him into handfasting with Kamile instead of her…and clearly he’d been sent after her now. There was no reason he’d be here otherwise, and Coryn had always thought that Brosca would send someone after her eventually.
Damnatus. Why did it have to be him?
“Welcome to the National Museum. Today’s exhibits are…”
The holo-greeter startled Coryn for a moment before she walked right through it, ceasing its spiel. She’d stepped right into the biggest public-access building in the city – what were the odds? Feeling slightly cheered at her increased chances of escape, she glanced again over her shoulder to see that Aras was nowhere in sight, then turned and ducked into the nearest room. 
It was large with red velvet curtains, a big grey screen, and a series of booths where people were queuing for their turn. She realised a moment later that it was the ancient cinema reproduction which she had planned to visit anyway, with or without Magdalene. 
Coryn wandered casually over to the side of the room, then slipped into a seat, moving down low and turning her head away from the door to look out of the high windows. Through a gap in the curtains she could see paved ground not three metres below, as well as a distinct, ornamental ledge around the edge of the building. The Museum had been built about fifty years before to replicate the style of old Lilluania, to show that the Republic of Lile was as much a part of their history as anything else. The style copied was that of the early 1800s, with white stone, elaborate detail, and even the occasional pillar. It would make a good escape route if she needed it – if Aras found her again.
Suddenly the low hum of chatter in the room rose to a peak, and Coryn turned to see what had happened. Half a dozen men and women had walked into the room, arrogance and perhaps even malice written on their faces – or what could be seen of their faces over the scarves wrapped around their noses and mouths. But her honed senses picked up something else about them, something not right. 
But why the scarves? It looked very old-fashioned, and surely there were better ways to avoid spreading illness if that was what they were worried about…
“This is a stick up!” the man in the lead shouted, waving a dull grey pistol in the air. A toy, no doubt, but it looked more like a paragun than an antique weapon – too modern to fit with the rest of their outfits. “Everybody on the ground!”
Coryn rolled her eyes, irritated in spite of her anxiety. It was clearly part of the museum’s display, trying to recreate the old days where robbery happened in person rather than by simply transferring credits without permission. Of course, people did still get robbed personally (like how that man tried to steal her light-wand in her first week here) but everyone knew that stores kept their money electronically. Coming into a place like this and waving a gun was pointless.
Still, getting down on the ground seemed a good idea if she was trying to hide from Aras. She threw herself down on the far side of the seats, right next to the high, curtained windows, then watched carefully through the gaps in the seats.
The ‘robbers’ began to walk from person to person, demanding valuables and waving around those ridiculous old guns. The visitors to the museum mostly laughed as they handed over odds and ends, and even the ‘ticket sellers’ behind the booths handed over bags of what seemed to be old paper money.
But it was the expression on one of the ticket seller’s faces that caught Coryn’s attention. The older man, resplendent in his red uniform, handed over a velvet bag full of…something, but he didn’t look bored or amused like the others. He looked confused, and perhaps a little angry, like he hadn’t been expecting this at all. 
That was when one of the women walked over to where Coryn lay, prodding her in the side with a booted foot. “Give me your valuables, now!”
Coryn barely looked at her except to note that she was short, lean, and wore a blue scarf over her nose and mouth that seemed to reflect onto the rest of her face. “I don’t have any valuables.” 
It was true. All her remaining credits were of course on her chip, Trennan’s bag of clues was back with the light-wand in the secret room in the mobi-home, and she didn’t exactly wear much else…
“What about that ring?”
Trennan’s ring? Coryn wasn’t going to hand that over to some stranger, game or not. “Sorry, you can’t have it,” she said flatly. “Move on.”
Suddenly the woman’s gun was shoved right up against Coryn’s neck, and Coryn finally raised her eyes to look at her. There was something strange about the robber. Now she was so close, Coryn could feel the aura of power that radiated from around her, and see that the strange blue tint to her skin and hair wasn’t from the scarf. This wasn’t a museum stunt.
This was alter-power, and this woman wasn’t entirely human. Not anymore.
“Fey,” Coryn whispered in horror. “You’re a carrier for a Fey.” She had met various Fey- correction, Creatures while she had been back with the Chosen, back with Brosca. Most of them had seemed wise and kindly, but Coryn now knew that must have been all an act. Anyone who was friends with Brosca had to be as monstrous as she was.
The woman snarled a grin through her sheer scarf, pressing the gun harder against her skin. “I think we could do with a hostage. Come on, girl.”
“Hurry up, Shu,” one of the men called from across the room. “Time to go.”
“But when will we get our things back?” one of the visitors called in confusion.
There was no answer, and a murmur began to grow in the room. Shu looked panicked, and Coryn didn’t move. She was stunned. How could she meet two people from her old life in just one day? First Aras, now a carrier…and only a week after a similar incident at the fifth level Mall. There was no way that the Chosen weren’t behind this.
“Do it!” the carrier shouted, waving her weapon threateningly. “Get up!”
But Coryn didn’t move. Then all of a sudden the carrier was jerked backwards, and Aras was looming over them both like a human mountain, holding the carrier up by her neck. He had her gun in his other hand, and he looked as angry as Coryn had ever seen him. “What in Hades did you-” he began, but then there was a pop sound as one of the guns belonging to the other robbers proved itself to be an actual paragun, and shot a gob of parapellet onto the side of his thick neck. 
For a moment Aras just stood there. But then he began to sway and collapse as the pellet took effect, and the carrier woman slipped out of his grasp to the floor. Coryn leapt into action, jumping to her feet and grabbing for the now fallen paragun. She reached it just ahead of the carrier, picking it up then running for the window. In what would in hindsight be a poor move, she threw it out onto the pavers below, then climbed out onto the ledge and moved around the side of the building.
From her precarious perch she briefly saw Shu poke her head out of the window, curse, then withdraw. From inside the room she could hear shouts and the distinctive sirens that meant enforcers were on the way. It hadn’t been a staged robbery after all.
Damnatus, how did she keep getting caught in these things?
Coryn quickly made her way to the other end of the ledge where it turned into a rounded window frame, and edged her way around. On the other side, detailed ornamentation on the outside of the building meant it was almost as good as a ladder. She climbed up carefully, then reached the barrier on the level above. Then it was just a case of getting over the old iron fence, walking across the balcony and through the door (which proved to be an old fire exit) until she was inside the museum on the level above.
There was a loud, screeching roar and a whiff of sulphur. No, it wasn’t Hades – it was a holographic dinosaur exhibit. On the bright side, Coryn mused, that meant a lot of foliage to hide in. 
She crouched down in the middle of some semi-transparent greenery, and as the holographic creatures moved around her, she felt her heart rate slowly go back closer to normal. There was no doubt in her mind that Aras had been sent by the Chosen, or even by Brosca. They couldn’t have Coryn running around knowing what she knew. But then there’d been the carrier too, who’d tried to kidnap her in plain sight – but Shu clearly hadn’t been on the same team as Aras, or he wouldn’t have attacked her. 
It seemed like the carrier had tried to take her only after she’d seen Trennan’s ring. Coryn glanced again at the small ring with its three blue gems, and after a moment of thought, turned it upside down so that the etched silver base showed instead. 
It was a small act, but either way it was clear that Coryn couldn’t let herself be found. She’d have to wait here ’til the end of the day at least, or else find some way to sneak out that didn’t involve going past the main doors.
Just then Coryn heard footsteps. They were quiet and careful, but audible even over the manufactured sounds of the environment. And they were close…
She shot to her feet, dashing further into the holographic foliage. 
“Coryn!” she heard Aras call out. “Don’t run!”
As if. She ran even faster, dashing through holographic trees and gigantic, reptilian beasts, getting roared at by strange feathered lizards, then realising with a start that she’d come to the end of the room. Because of the exhibition, it seemed as if the landscape went on forever…until it didn’t. 
Oh Chaos, he was right behind her. “Coryn,” he called again, and over the sound of her own heart beating in her ears, it seemed as though he was panicked. 
No, she was the one panicking. He was taller, stronger, had links with the Chosen who had killed her lover and her best friend!
Breathing heavily with fear, she ran straight at the low wall that separated the exhibits, then grabbed onto its flat top and catapulted herself over. Ahead of her was another wide room: a children’s play area designed to replicate the city as a whole. It was blocky with many levels, and it went up and up, past half a dozen floors and right up to what seemed like the top of the building.
Coryn began climbing. She went up levels, around, over…it was like that old children’s game. Can go over it, can go under it…or whatever. People watched her curiously as she went past, but no one cared enough to stop her. She couldn’t see Aras anymore either. 
Maybe something was going right today.
She climbed up and up until she reached the top level of the museum where the inner city monorail had a covered stop. There was a small queue of people waiting to get into the open seats (which resembled an old rollercoaster, only much more sedate). She forced an apologetic smile, then skipped the queue and slipped casually into one of the nearest seats. Pulling her hair out from behind her ears, she let it fall forward to cover her face, tapping her fingers nervously as she waited for the cars to move.
That was when she noticed Trennan’s ring had turned itself so it was face up again. She quickly turned it again so the blue gems were hidden, and then the cars began to move. Oh stars…she was going to get out of here. The cars began to slide slowly forward towards the edge of the building, and once they were clear they’d shoot forward like a rocket.
Three, two-
Suddenly, right before the cars slipped over the edge of the building, Coryn felt strong arms wrap around her and she was forcibly pulled from her seat. 
One of them was silver. 



Renwick Castle, Angland, 1558 AD

“WITCH!” Maura screamed, throwing her hands in the air and backing away from Anne. “Witch! Murderer!”
Anne’s jaw dropped, and she watched as her former maidservant turned and ran back the way she had come, screeching like a startled goat the whole way. 
“Forsooth, that was an overreaction,” Anne muttered, feeling rather hurt. Maura had been present ever since Anne was an infant, as she had originally served Anne’s mother. Anne had never felt that the woman particularly liked her, and now she knew for certain ’twas the case.
Half of Anne wished to disappear at once. The other half was incredibly curious about seeing her home just one more time, and that was the part that ruled long enough for her to creep down the hall after Maura and peek around the corner, down to the great hall below.
’Twas a mistake. A good dozen or so men and women turned and stared up at Anne in horror. 
“I told you!” Maura shrieked from her place down in the hall. “I told you the witch had returned!”
Anne turned and raced back the way she had come, heading directly for the gateway, but there was someone in her way. Sir Robert, who’d been steward over Renwick ever since Anne’s first husband’s death, stood there with his face an oval of shock. He seemed older, mayhap even grayer than she recalled, but surely ’twould be just her memory playing tricks.
“Lady Anne?” he asked hoarsely. “Where have you been these last two years? And where is your husband?”
Two years? Mayhap her memory had not played tricks after all. 
Just as shocked, Anne found she could not answer at first. But what was there to say? She’d last seen Edgar Lespenser mayhap two months earlier (by her estimation), and he’d been left alone with terrible lizards large enough to swallow him whole.
“Er…”



Lile 2598 AD

Coryn turned on Aras the moment she was free of the monorail car, swinging her fist right for his face. He held up a hand to block her, saying, “Coryn, Coryn, stop,” and that was when she saw something which stopped her in her tracks.
Tears.
“Aras,” Coryn asked in disbelief, lowering her fist. “Are you crying?”
“Nooooo….” But he covered his face with both hands, too slow to hide his expression of naked misery, and unable to hide his shaking shoulders or the sound of sobs.
Yes, Aras the Great and Terrifying was sobbing. Stars, the world must have come to an end. 
But now they were starting to attract attention – from the same people who hadn’t cared that Coryn was almost abducted – and she was beginning to feel both panicked and embarrassed. She grabbed him by the arm and dragged him over into a quieter corner. “What in Hades is going on here?” she hissed. “Are you trying to keep me busy while the others come?”
“The others?”
“The other Chosen who are out to get me! Don’t pretend you don’t know what I’m talking about!”
He lowered his hands and stared down at her, his blue eyes looking even bluer under the glaze of tears. “I’m alone, Coryn. You think I’m trying to hurt you?”
“Are you saying that you’re not?”
Aras shook his head. “Of course I’m not trying to hurt you! Coryn, you’re the last person in the world I would hurt. All this time I thought you were dead…and then I saw you here in the city and I thought I had imagined it all. Then again today, and I knew it was you, and I just had to find you, to talk to you. But you ran from me as if I was some kind of monster…?”
It was hands down the longest she’d ever heard Aras speak in one go, and certainly a hundred times more emotion than she’d ever seen him display. Coryn relaxed a little, her fear receding. “Aren’t you with the Chosen?”
He shook his head again. “Not in months. Not since…”
“Since what?” she asked, inclining her head curiously. Whatever he said next would be very telling.
He lifted his head, meeting her gaze unblinkingly with those now much-warmer blue eyes. “Since everyone forgot that you and Kamile existed.”

2.      The Accidental Informant

Coryn went with Aras to his apartment. It would have been beyond stupid to continue that conversation out in the open, and by this time she had decided that he was telling the truth, and wasn’t with the Chosen any longer. So they took the trip to his old, stone-built apartment in the third level of the Northern District, and they talked. 
“Someone told me that you and Trennan had gone into the Other to be handfasted,” Aras said from his place on the large, comfortable couch. Thankfully he’d stopped crying, but he didn’t meet her eyes; just rubbing one hand over the other as he spoke. “I was upset. I went off for two weeks, right into the forest highlands of Lile. It was while I was there that I realised how stupid I was being. Had I really got so attached to you that I’d leave the Compound over a handfasting that would last only a year? It went against all the values of the Chosen.”
“You were attached to me?” Coryn asked in disbelief. “I didn’t think you got attached to anything.”
He shrugged, looking a little embarrassed, but not as much as she would have expected. “I’m good at hiding things. It’s the way I was raised. But even if you couldn’t see it, I was so jealous I was fuming.”
Coryn was unsure of whether she wanted to pursue that conversation (and remind him that she’d tricked him into handfasting with Kamile instead) but he carried on.
“But when I came back to the Compound and asked where you were, I got blank stares. Even from your mother, Coryn. It was like no one knew you had ever existed. And when I mentioned Trennan, I got exactly the same thing. And then I went looking for Kamile, since she should know…” His voice petered off into nothing.
“Did you find her?” she whispered. The Other never kept bodies. Sooner or later they’d appear at the border, looking anything between minutes or months old.
“I couldn’t find her anywhere. And when I asked people where my handfasted partner was, they just looked at me like I was crazy and said I didn’t have one. That was how I knew something terrible must have happened, and that someone was lying.” Aras looked up again. “What happened to you all, Coryn? Where did you go?”
For a moment Coryn genuinely thought she was going to be sick. It might have all happened yesterday, for how hard the grief and anger hit. “Jurgis killed her,” she choked out. “He’s a blood-drinker. All the Elders are. They cut- killed her out in the castle, and then Brosca killed Trennan. I barely escaped with my life.”
Aras was silent, and she knew he was taking it in. He didn’t look surprised, and a steely resolution set in, the type she had always seen in him and that had scared her so much. “Why would they do that?” 
“We knew what they were really like,” she replied dully. “We were going to leave the Chosen.” She quickly explained what Trennan had learned about the Fey – that they were really blood-drinking Creatures, and the Elders were almost as bad – and he listened in growing anger and acceptance. 
“But where have you been all this time?”
Coryn shook her head. “That’s the question, isn’t it? I fell into a pit in the Other, and next thing I’m staggering out on the borders of the Compound. That was a few months ago. I lost five months of my life, and I have no idea what happened.”
Aras frowned, but didn’t look surprised by that either. “That recently?” he murmured. “I’m so sorry.”
Sorry didn’t cover it, but what else was there to say? She shrugged a shoulder. “So am I.”
“But I’m so glad you’re alive.”
Coryn shrugged again. “Sometimes I’m not so sure about that.”
Aras looked at her, and again she saw that deep, unfamiliar emotion in his eyes. “I am.”
Right then the moment became so awkward that she had to turn away, and that big question that had always plagued her came spilling out. “What did you see in me, Aras? Why did you want me so much?”
His long silence made it obvious that he hadn’t expected her to ask. Then he was the one to shrug. “I don’t know,” he said helplessly. “I just knew that I did. I couldn’t even put a name on it.”
“So what, you wanted to handfast with me for a year?” she asked sardonically. “Would that have helped?”
“Yes,” he replied frankly. “But you didn’t want to, clearly. Because of Trennan Halfling.”
Was he jealous of a dead boy? “It wasn’t because of him.”
“Then that makes it worse! Why? Why did you not want me?” Aras looked genuinely confused. “Women find me attractive. I’m not boasting when I say that, it’s always been true. Why didn’t you? Is it the age difference?”
“I never really thought about your age. My mother thought you were handsome,” she admitted. “But I was always scared of you.”
“Why?”
It seemed cruel to say it now. “Because of your reputation, your size and build, and because I’d never seen you smile.”
“Oh.” There was a long silence where Coryn wondered if now he was going to get angry – or worse, cry – but instead he just sighed. “It may as well have all been in another life, now. I left, deciding never to go back. I went to visit some old army friends in other cities, then only got back to Lile City last month. Then when I saw you, I thought that my eyes were playing tricks on me. But here you are.”
“Here I am.”
In an unexpectedly hospitable gesture, Aras got up to make them both drinks. While she waited, she looked around the room. It was a typical apartment for this area of the Northern District, old enough to be made entirely of stone, and with only a few rooms. It was still big enough to be comfortable, and while it lacked a few homey touches, it seemed very lived in. Two couches, even a landscape painting on the wall…
“That’s Erasia, where I served my military duty,” Aras told her, placing the cold cup down in front of her. “I got that painted from a holograph I took while I was there.”
“It’s pretty,” Coryn said sincerely. It was much browner and rather wilder-looking than Lile, but still had its own charm.
He shrugged. “It relaxes me to look at it.” Then seeming a little nervous, he asked, “How’s your drink?”
For the first time she glanced down into her cup and noticed that the pale liquid looked curdled. Schooling her face to stay neutral, she took a sip. “It’s quite good,” she said in surprise a moment later. “What’s in it?”
“It’s my own recipe,” he replied. “But I can’t stop the eggs from separating.”
“You need to add them first along with the sugar syrup,” Coryn told him. 
“How did you know that?”
She shrugged a shoulder, taking another sip. “I’ve been working at an eatery almost since I left the Compound, and we make lots of this type of drink. Not as nice in flavour, though.”
Aras studied her contemplatively. “How much do you like your job?”
“It’s not bad. Why?”
“I’ve got a business idea…”
He explained he was opening his own mobile eatery which focused on serving drinks and quick meals, one of the few of that kind in the city. He needed someone to staff it, and was beginning to panic a little before she had turned up. Would she want to work for him?
“I’m surprised you managed to get a permit,” Coryn confessed, rather than answering him straight out. She didn’t know if she wanted to. “How did you manage that?”
“A bureaucrat owed me a favour. I saved his life back when we fought together.”
Naturally. It occurred to her then that of all the people to run into from her old life, Aras was actually one of the best in the sense that he seemed to care for her, and he was well and truly able to look after himself. “Sorry to be going back over old ground,” she said, “but do you remember that time you asked me if I knew where the spirit’s blood emblem was?”
“Of course,” he replied. “It was the last time I ever spoke to you. After that, I thought you had died.”
“Who told you that I knew?”
He frowned. “It might have been… You know, I’m really not sure.”
Damn. “Well,” Coryn began, “I don’t know who started that rumour, but it really is believed. Brosca is after the emblem, and she thinks I know where it is as well. And I can’t be sure of how, but I think she’s been trying to find me all this time. I’m certain that was why those people tried to take me in the museum. And before that, I was attacked twice by someone looking for the emblem.” She told him about the man with the ram’s head tattoo on his neck, how he’d managed to find her twice, how he’d managed to hide his identity the second time. The enforcers had him now, but still… 
Aras listened in sombre silence, then nodded. “Then you’re in danger whether you have the emblem or not. Where are you staying?”
She glanced away. She hadn’t told him about Trennan’s bag of clues or even the light-wand she’d been unexpectedly gifted, but should she keep the mobi-home secret too? It was her only real refuge. “Oh, here and there. At friends’ places.” That was sort of true. She stayed with Poli and the other girls every now and then, since the trip out to the Empty Zone was quite a long one.
He saw right through her dissembling. “That’s not good enough. Don’t you know you need a fixed address? Not just for safety, but by law. If the government finds out you don’t have one, then you won’t be able to work anymore, and where would you be?”
“Thank you for the lecture,” she snapped, “but I can’t afford a place, not on what I earn.”
“What do you earn?”
She told him.
“I’ll give you half that again if you’ll work full time at my new eatery,” he said quickly. “That includes rent.”
“Rent?”
Aras looked a little flustered. Now Coryn knew what to look for, she could see it. “I have a spare room, if you want it. No expectations.”
She studied his face narrow-eyed, trying to work out if he was telling the truth. “Really, truly no expectations? Because for me, it feels like Trennan just died. I’m not interested in even casual relationships, not at all.”
He made a crossing motion over his chest. “I swear it, there’ll be no expectations. Just that you’re a good roommate – and that you’re a good worker. In return, you can stay here, and I’ll keep you safe.”
Coryn looked at him sitting there, all six and a half feet of him, still bulging with muscle even though he must be coming up thirty. His silvery prosthetic arm glinted in the artificial light, and she found herself frowning at it. Any reminder of the Fey made her stomach turn. “OK,” she found herself saying. “I just have one question.”
He raised his eyebrows expectantly.
“How old are you?”
“Twenty-six. Why?” This was said in a slightly nonplussed tone.
Yeesh. That made him only nine years older than her, but he didn’t look it. “I thought you were closer to thirty. It must have been all that hard living you’ve done.”
Aras scowled. “Good thing there are no expectations then.”
“Good thing.” But Coryn couldn’t stop herself smiling a little.



Follow her. Don’t let her get away!
Of course he wasn’t going to let her get away, Mortimer thought irritably. He’d spent over a month searching for the girl, hadn’t he? The Creature’s constant yabbering in his ear was just irritating now. It had promised true immortality, as well as revenge on that time traveller who’d ruined his life back in Iversley, if he’d agree to be its eyes and ears in the normal realm. But if he’d known that becoming even its temporary carrier would be so annoying, he might have chosen differently.
Too cocky, that’s your problem. Pride will be your downfall when dealing with our enemies.
Learned the hard way, had it? 
Yes. Do not underestimate them in this situation. It may look like she is alone and helpless, but he is always watching.
“As am I,” Mortimer muttered. ‘He’ was another Creature – or non-human, anyway – that this one seemed overly wary of. And the girl was hardly alone: look at the size of that man with her!
When has perceived strength ever bothered you, Morty? Are you afraid?
He wasn’t afraid of anyone! 
Good. The protector is not what he seems, although I would avoid letting him see you.
What was he, then?
But the Creature remained silent on that point. Typical for it to be silent when he had a question, but to feel quite free to butt in on Mortimer’s VR gathering sessions. It had continued its terrible habit of speaking up for him, especially if it thought there was something of interest, and every time that happened he’d find himself in the backseat of his own mind. Luckily it was only VR, but it was making him want to use it less – even the ‘special programmes’ he’d created to bring in alter-power. 
But that was then, and this was now. Now he had a target right in front of him, and he wasn’t going to lose her. It had been a stroke of pure luck finding Coryn Regindotir here in this shopping complex. In spite of the Creature’s assurance that it could find her and that it had people close to her watching, it had given nothing but a series of false leads. Every time Mortimer had gone to where it said she would be, he had just missed her. At the eatery, at the shopping centre, at VR… But now he knew where she was, he was not going to lose her. Not when she was his ticket to true immortality…and to revenge.
He watched as the girl climbed into a wheeled vehicle alongside the very large blond man, and began to drive away. He was ready, though; his anti-grav wings already strapped on and active. Gently and quietly he began to follow from above as they drove through the busiest parts of the city, down, down to the lowest levels, and then finally they were driving on the ground.
They drove all the way out to the Empty Zone near the Western District, were briefly stopped by enforcers presumably wanting to know what they were doing, but then were left to drive on. Mortimer wasn’t seen at all. He generally wasn’t noticed if he didn’t want to be. He hunkered down on the roof of a nearby half-ruined building to watch and wait.
The big man stopped the vehicle outside an almost completely empty section, near a tired old mobi-home surrounded by the refuse of centuries, with only a few brave plants encroaching on the greyness. The girl climbed out of the vehicle and walked inside the mobi-home, and a minute later she reappeared with a couple of small bags, seemingly full of clothes and other possessions. She put them in the car, and then turned to walk back into the mobi-home.
He could do it, he could take her now, and the big man wouldn’t have a chance. He could use his power to blind the man, then steal the vehicle…
No! 
Why in Hades not? Mortimer thought angrily.
Wait. Look…
He waited, and that was when he saw the other man. Small and wiry and definitely suspicious-looking in shades of grey and brown, he crept along almost on the ground below, unseen by either target. When he reached the vehicle he pressed something against the underneath of the car, and Mortimer knew with certainty what it was. A small bio-bomb, enough to kill all living things within a two metre radius. It would kill the big man, leaving the second free to take what was left of the girl.
Over his dead body.
It will be, the Creature hissed, if you don’t move. 
That was when he realised that the other man had seen him too, and had thrown something his way. The small sphere hurtled through the air towards his hiding place, and unable to do anything else, Mortimer threw himself aside, falling off the roof and only managing at the last moment to pull up enough alter-power for a forcefield. 
Even so, the force of the second bio-bomb was bone-shattering. He felt the waves ripple against his prone body for a full twenty seconds, and he knew that even with the forcefield, he was going to feel that. Chaos. Chaos and Hades, he swore. 
She’s escaping! the Creature screamed. She’s getting away!
But the first bio-bomb…
It hasn’t gone off! They’re just driving away!
Swearing to himself, and coldly furious, Mortimer waited until the last ripples of the bio-bomb faded, then he stood. One of his wings had been shattered by his fall, which made it if not unworkable, then definitely unglamorous. 
He came around just in time to see the other man leaping onto a hoverbike to follow the vehicle, the same look of baffled fury on his face. The man drove for barely two metres before he pulled to a stop, and bent down to pick up something small off the ground. Mortimer read his expression as clearly as if he’d spoken aloud: What’s this? Oh no, the bio-bomb fell off the vehicle! Then, ohh-
The failed bio-bomb exploded in the man’s hand, and Mortimer had just enough wits to throw up another forcefield. When it cleared, the man’s body was a pile of ashes being disintegrated by the wind, and the vehicle had long gone. He couldn’t see it in any direction, not even when he went back to the shopping centre.
You lost her.
Oh, come on! How was he supposed to have foreseen that? “You said that there were others looking for her too,” he said accusingly to the unseen Creature. “Was he one of yours?”
No, he was not, it hissed back. As it grew angrier, it sounded less and less like the young girl it had pretended to be at their first meeting, and more like a big…strong…scary thing. Not that Mortimer was afraid. And when I find out who sent him, they will pay…
Mortimer sighed internally, not really caring past the fact that the man had almost killed him. Fair enough: Mortimer would have killed him too, once he had found out who he’d been working for. But for now…stake out.



Renwick Castle, Angland, 1558 AD

Two years. Anne had been missing for two. Entire. Years. ’Twas no wonder that they all stared at her so, that she saw the fear and wonder in their eyes at her sudden reappearance. Oh, and that Edgar, her swinelike second husband, had not reappeared along with her. How could he, when he was dead?
“Lady Anne,” Sir Robert said again. Her silence seemed to have lent him more urgency. “We have not seen you since that day you vanished from a sealed store room in this very castle. Wherever have you been? And where is Lord Longford?”
“Lord Longford?” Anne echoed, finding her voice. In this case Sir Robert was referring to Edgar Lespenser, the fifth Earl of Longford, rather than Wilbert. “Er…” There was another remnant gateway on the borders of the estate, she recalled. Forsooth, if she could not return through the same one in the upper room, mayhap she could ‘make a run for it’, as Ash would say…
For that matter, why wait? Anne turned and dashed back for the stairs, but Sir Robert reached and grabbed her arm. “My lady,” he said again. “’Tis no light matter, and not one you can avoid in such a manner. Where is your husband?” 
She looked down at his large hand on her small, velvet-clad arm, and pondered whether she’d be able to fight her way free. But by now the others were surrounding her, from below and from above, and she let out a heavy sigh. “He was eaten by dragons.”
“Dragons!” Maura shrieked. “The witch has been to the very pits of Hades in her foul bid to kill her lawful husband!”
Suddenly annoyed enough to overcome her fear, Anne turned on Maura with a scowl. “By my trowth, Maura! You ever were a superstitious pigeon-wit! I am no witch, nor have I ever visited Hades!” Although with some of her travels, she thought mayhap she had been close. She lifted her chin, and said with dignity, “’Twas fairyland.”
Groans or shock or disbelief sounded around her, and a young, round-faced man shouted, “You mocked me before for suggesting such a thing, milady! And now you say ’tis the truth!”
It was Sir Jasper, she realised a moment later. And she had mocked him, as a means to escape this place with George, Ash and Elspeth, her base-born sister. It had been a most difficult day. Elspeth had been very ill, and then Edgar had tried to kill her, may his soul burn in Hades. And not a soul had believed her story! But then George and Ash had appeared suddenly – all the more suspicious to these ignorant folk – and they had the Eternity Stone. All they’d needed was a private location in which to use it, so that their sudden exit would not be seen.
She’d talked her way into a storage room, saying that no harm could be done – did Sir Jasper think she would open a portal to fairyland? But then of course they’d used the Stone to escape as soon as could be done. Except that Edgar (the gibbering, slime-encrusted hedgepig) had somehow managed to come along…
Anne let out a heavy sigh. “’Tis true I mocked you, and verily I do apologise,” she told Sir Jasper. “And there is quite a tale to be told, if you but have ears to listen.”
“We’re listening,” Sir Robert said grimly.
Oh. Good. “Then I shall require a chair,” Anne said snootily. “After all, ’tis a long tale.”

They found her the chair in short time, shoving her down in it by the shoulders in a most impolite fashion. Anne sniffed irritably, then shrank back a little at the sight of their furious, frightened faces. ’Twas not the time to make enemies, but friends.
“Dragons, Lady Anne,” Sir Robert said. “You were saying?”
“Ah, yes.” Anne took a deep breath, then told them almost everything in the manner they would best understand. She told of how on the eve of her marriage to Edgar, she’d been snatched away from the woods by the wicked Dr Walker into an entirely differently realm. She told of meeting the two others who were also stolen, and that they’d worked together to defeat a dreadful villain, and to free themselves. Then finally, finally she’d been able to return home, and her own wicked husband had attempted to kill her! And none had believed her.  
“’Twas most upsetting,” Anne sniffed. “But then Ash and George returned with a means to travel between, er, realms, and offered to take me back along with Elspeth. For they could heal her twisted foot, you understand. But then Edgar came with us by mistake, and we found we’d gone to the wrong place. ’Twas a terrible, dangerous place full of terrible, dangerous beasts. And then Edgar ran too slowly, and was eaten by a dragon.”
She’d gathered quite an audience by this time, and their expressions varied from sceptical to scared to fascinated. 
“A dragon?” Blanche echoed. She was Anne’s sister-in-law from her first marriage, and she had never been overfond of Anne. The feeling was reciprocated. “A fire-breathing dragon?”
“Oh, no,” Anne explained. “’Twas a great lizard that stood on its two hind legs, with small foreclaws and jaws vast enough to swallow a man whole. ’Twas most terrifying.”
“Ooh,” said someone from behind Anne’s shoulder. They sounded more gleeful than frightened – but Edgar had not been well-loved. “And what did the fairies look like?”
“They were over-tall, with skin as brown as a Moor, and wore little clothing in the brightest colours.” Anne gave a mental apology to the very handsome Islo for describing him in such a way, but ’twas true, was it not?
“They sound like brownies,” Blanche suggested, her expression just a touch less sour than before.
“Quite what I thought,” Anne agreed confidentially. She was rather enjoying herself now, especially as she was not being accused of murder-most-foul or practising witchcraft. ’Twas most satisfying to tell one’s experiences to those who thought the same way. Why, Ash was always saying ‘you don’t understand, Anne!’ and so forth. Anne rather thought that she merely understood differently. “And some of the villains had skin and hair as green as grass, or as blue as a summer sky. Some were quite beautiful, but also most treacherous.”
There was a combined ‘oooh’ from some of the audience, as they could all agree that excessively beautiful people were not always excessively kind or trustworthy. 
“’Tis true that all that glitters is not gold,” Sir Jasper agreed earnestly, and rather unoriginally.
But Sir Robert looked less impressed. “Indeed,” he said flatly. “’Tis quite a tale you have spun, Lady Anne. Do you have any proof of such things?”
“I do.” And here Anne shuffled around in her chair, then drew back her skirts just a little so that her feet were showing in their beautiful sparkle slippers. “A gift from the fairies.” Or a department store in twenty-first century Angland. Same thing.
“Oooh,” the crowd said again, and Anne gave a humble nod of acknowledgement. 
“Yes, they are beautiful above all things, are they not?”
“They’re purple,” Blanche breathed, her eyes as wide as a child’s. “They look fit for a queen!” Then her eyes narrowed. “Are you allowed to wear those, Anne of Covington?”
She referred to the sumptuary laws decreeing what colours, fabrics and fashions each class might wear in this time, Anne realised. She’d forgotten all about them – or had chosen to forget while she was in the future. She flushed a little, tucking her feet back under her skirts, then lifted her chin. “I am a lady born, am I not? And besides, ’tis only purple cloth that the rules apply to.”
“And are those shoes not made of purple cloth?”
“No, they are but purple seek-wins! ’Tis not at all the same thing!”
“Who cares about shoes!?” Sir Robert roared. “This is about whether or not her ladyship is innocent or guilty, and ’tis a matter of life or death!”
Everyone went silent. Then Anne asked, “Guilty of what, precisely?”
“Murder. Witchcraft. Heresy.”
Ugh. None of those crimes had gentle sentences, not at all. She pondered her options for a while. Murder? No, she had not killed anyone, although she was not at all unhappy about Edgar’s passing. Witchcraft? She had certainly not communed with the devil or dark spirits, although she rather thought Ash and George had met a few in the Other, calling themselves ‘Creatures’. 
As for heresy…that merely meant adhering to beliefs other than those decreed by the Universal church. And now knowing what she knew, ’twas difficult to pretend that she still felt the same way – if she ever had. “I’m no witch nor murderer,” Anne said staunchly. “I’ve merely been shown a world that I never knew existed.” 
“A world free of dark spirits and witchcraft? A world in line with the teachings of the church?”
Well, there were the Creatures, were there not? But the second sentence had caught Anne’s attention. In Ash’s time she’d read about Tudar Angland – about this time’s future – and she knew that Queen Marian’s reign ceased this very year along with her death. Forsooth, it may have done so already, and if ’twas the case, then the national religion would also have changed… “Which church are we referring to?”
There was a long silence, then someone burst out, “The Universal Church, of course! Which else?”
“Well, a mere five years ago this nation was Protestor under King James,” Anne pointed out reasonably. “And when- if Queen Marian dies without an heir, then her sister Eliza shall take the throne. In that case Angland shall most likely revert back to the Protestor church…” Anne’s voice petered into silence as she realised the faces around her once again wore appalled expressions. “Well, I do not see that the Eternal One minds overmuch,” she muttered. 
“Doesn’t mind!” someone squawked.
“And Queen Marian is in perfectly good health!” Blanche snapped. Her brother, Anne’s first husband, had been executed for heresy at the beginning of Marian’s reign. Since then, Blanche had always been most careful to support the current monarch in word and deed.
Unlike Anne. Oops. “But of course she is!” Anne agreed, her tone over-hearty. “’Tis not as if she would die this very year of influenza. No, not at all! Er…what is today’s date?”
 There was a stony silence, and Anne began to rise to her feet. “If you might excuse me, I feel a pressing need for the privy.”  
Strong hands pushed her back into her seat. “’Tis too difficult to make a decision,” Sir Robert said. “We shall consult the cardinal of Worthington, who is currently in residence.”
He was? He was the same one who’d sentenced Anne’s first husband Wilbert to death.
Oh, help!



Lile, 2598 AD
Two weeks later

Daniel still couldn’t believe he’d found out Coryn’s address on the very evening she was having a party. He was gate-crashing incognito – minus the badge, and in a rather nice trouser-tunic combo sure to impress – and he wanted to make sure she realised he was more than just a stuffy bureaucrat-enforcer. This time of the new year, when most people were still celebrating and on holiday, seemed perfect. 
As he was approaching the stone building she lived in, he saw across the street a plump young woman who he’d grown up with, but hadn’t seen in years. By the smile on her face when she saw him, she either didn’t know he was an enforcer, or she didn’t care. 
“Hello, Marta.”
“Daniel,” she exclaimed. “What are you doing here?”
He shrugged casually. “It’s a party.”
“Oh, so you know Aras then?”
Aras Morison would be the man who owned the house, the one Coryn had come up on the system as occupying so recently. Daniel was pretty certain that there was nothing romantic there – after all, housing was expensive, Aras was a fair bit older, and she was now working for him too – so he was going to give them the benefit of the doubt. “Mm. And Coryn.”
“You know Coryn? Small world.”
Daniel looked at her curiously. “How do you know her?”
“Oh…here and there,” Marta said breezily. “She’s the new girl living with Aras, so of course I’m going to notice.” She let out a dramatic sigh as they approached the outdoor elevator.
“Why the sigh?”
Marta gave him a disbelieving look. “I’m disappointed that Aras is off the market. I know you can be a bit clueless with girls, but surely you realise that we must find him attractive?”
Stung, Daniel lifted his chin. “I thought he was a bit of a grunting caveman, myself. And anyway, what makes you think they’re together like that?”
“You think they aren’t?”
“She works for him. It would be unethical. Besides, they haven’t registered as a couple.”
She glanced at him sidelong. “Been checking up, have you?”
He shrugged again, and the lift reached the top opposite Coryn’s door. Already he could see through the nearby window that the room was very full. That was probably good, he decided, because it would mean Coryn would also be on her best behaviour. “I like to be informed.”
Marta laughed loudly, and he was reminded that he had never really liked her. “Yeah, me too. Let me know if Aras is free, right?”
He barely stopped himself curling his lip. If this Aras was as handsome as Marta claimed, then she surely didn’t have a chance. She wasn’t ugly, but she was definitely overweight, and with her habit of loudly saying anything that went through her head, he found her very unattractive. Funny to think she was barely a year older than Coryn, but so very, very different. “Of course.” 
“Hey, what’s this, Danny?” She’d noticed his custom-made link where it hung from the pocket of his tunic.
Argh, and she still insisted on calling him Danny as though he was a child! 
But he answered politely anyway, holding up the small gold and leather item so she could see it better. “It’s an old oil flask that belonged to my grandfather. I had it made into a back-up link so I could always carry it with me.” Of course he hardly needed to use it since he could just communicate through the link embedded in his ear and jaw, but it did look good. He’d never been able to open it, and neither had the craftsman he’d commissioned to alter the thing. They’d ended up just building the gold-link design onto the side. He liked the finished outcome – modern convenience with traditional dignity. Like him.
“Aw, that’s sweet. But I thought those things were for alcohol?” 
“No, this is definitely for oil.” He’d hardly carry around a flask filled with spirits, or even one that had been in the past. That was not the impression an enforcer wanted to create.
But Marta’s attention had already wandered, and she waved her hand in front of the door, trying to get the sensor to notice her. 
Daniel waited in silence, noticing for the first time the pot plants growing on the porch. They were green and lush, with the buds of large, pink flowers beginning to bloom. Roses. Now they weren’t allowed to be grown without a permit, since they carried certain diseases, and he strongly doubted that this area with its air of faded grandeur would be the sort to have permission.
That was when Coryn saw him from her place just inside the doorway. He saw the moment where she realised he’d seen the roses, and the dismay on her face as she recognised him.
“Nice flowers,” he said pleasantly, then leaned down to give her a friendly kiss as he walked inside. “Don’t worry,” he whispered in her ear. “I won’t say anything. It’s just a small thing, isn’t it?”
He saw the relief on her face, and she gave him a cautious smile. Luckily it was too busy for her to stop and actually ask him what he was doing here, so he slipped past to a seat on the couch, and set about acting friendly. 
Marta plopped herself next to him not ten minutes later. “They’re not together,” she announced loudly. “Guess you’ve got a chance then, eh Danny?”
Thankfully no one heard her, and he was torn between irritation at her lack of tact, and pleasure that he’d been right in his guess. “What do I have to do with it?” he asked coolly. “Should I go and ask Aras if he’s interested on your behalf?”
She just laughed. “Phew! I think if he actually talked to me, I’d explode from the heat!”
Lovely. Carefully holding back his reaction (and rejecting the mental image), Daniel probed, “So, how do you know Aras?”
Marta launched into a spiel about the man which lasted several minutes, covered several topics, and ended up with a single-minded discussion on politics. None of it really was important – since it didn’t reveal Aras as being a murderer or a heretic, or anything which would enable him to be arrested – and Daniel found himself drifting off. He had a talent for listening while his mind wandered, so he kept one ear on Marta’s chatter, while his eyes scanned the room. 
Coryn was standing over the other side, talking with a couple of younger girls, although he barely noticed them. Tonight she was wearing blue, and she looked better than he’d ever seen her before. Her hair looked more golden, sort of streaky, and it was very shiny. With a start he realised what was missing. She didn’t look as perpetually sad as he was accustomed to seeing…
Luckily, he now knew that it didn’t have anything to do with the enormous man watching her like a hawk from close by. Marta was welcome to him if she wanted – he couldn’t think that Coryn would like him like that. Aras might be a mountain of a man, with a chiselled chin and all those things that girls apparently wanted, but he was a cripple too. One of his arms was a metallic silver, revealing that it was prosthetic, and what girl would want that? Besides, he was old. He had to be at least ten years older than Coryn, Daniel estimated.
A word from his right caught his attention. “What did you say?”
“I said I’ll have to go soon, that there’s a meeting tonight,” Marta repeated.
“You haven’t even been here half an hour,” he answered in confusion. Not that he actually wanted her to stay, but it made it seem like he’d come with her, as opposed to being a complete gate-crasher.
She shrugged. “Already committed, didn’t I? And I thought it was better to show for a bit, than not at all.”
“Oh. Where are you going?”
Suddenly she looked furtive. “Nowhere in particular. To see some friends.”
A meeting, nowhere in particular, to see some friends…and a look of guilt. Hmm. Suspicious.
“Well, why don’t I come with you?” Daniel suggested lightly. “If you don’t mind the company.”
Marta looked torn, but then she leaned in close (definitely closer than he was comfortable with) and whispered, “You can come, but it’s got to be top secret.”
Oh, this had to be good. He looked as innocent as he possibly could. “You can trust me.”

Outside Marta looked a little relieved, but then the moment they were free of the building again, she began to talk. “I was worried you might be an informant,” she admitted. “But I thought to myself, not Daniel, I’ve known him for years, he’s not the type.”
“Mm,” Daniel agreed, keeping his face sincere. How could she be so, so oblivious?
“So,” she confided, “it’s a Deias meeting. You know what that is?”
Of course he knew what that was. It was a jackpot of treason for the Secular Republic, that’s what it was. All religion had been banned for decades, since it was about the most destructive thing for humanity since the invention of the bomb (and had been around far longer), but sporadically they would find out about small groups of people trying to resurrect the old, dead ideas…
“I’ve heard of it,” he replied neutrally. “I’ve always been curious to go to one.” And the next time they met, in would come the enforcers, and they’d be shut down. Oh, yes.
“Well, you can come with me. But you have to swear – and I mean, swear, that you’ll keep it a secret. This is very serious! You know people die for such things.”
Lies didn’t count when they were for the greater good. “Cross my heart.” 
The relief showed all across Marta’s face. “Great. Well, come on then. If anyone asks, we’re out for the evening on a romantic walk.”
“Sure.” In her dreams.
As they walked, Marta kept talking about this and that, and how they’d grown up, and the people he hadn’t seen in decades. He would almost feel sorry for her, if he had liked her at all, and if she hadn’t been involved with such foolish, beyond treasonous ideas. So it was really her own fault, wasn’t it? She was an accidental informant, not even smart enough to cover her crimes. After the assassination of the late Premier by alter-power-wielding religious zealots, there had been a crackdown. No more would these things be counted as ‘harmless, as long as they kept it private’ as the now-deceased Premier used to say. No, they would be dealt with swiftly and strongly, to show others what would happen if they went down the same path.
The ‘Deias meeting’ turned out to be nothing more than half a dozen idiots, pathetic enough to gather in the remains of an ancient stone church to repeat long dead dogma…at the risk of their lives. Why? Daniel wondered as he stood there. Why risk your life for something so foolish, which gave nothing back? 
For the dream of something better beyond this life, perhaps. The irony was, they’d give up their real life for the hope of one which would never materialize, and they wouldn’t even know it. They’d just be dust. Sooner rather than later, probably. 
Of course Daniel had contacted his fellow enforcers on the way, telling them to show up after twenty minutes. Unexpectedly, after they’d been there only ten, Marta said she was feeling ill and needed to go home. So naturally he took her, and missed the raid by only minutes. Funnily enough, now her fellow Deiates would think she was the one who’d told on them – not that they’d get the chance to pass that on. She’d said to him before he left her at her door, that she’d get in touch if there was another meeting, but she never found out where they’d be held until the previous day. They had to be careful, you see, after that ‘faked assassination’ which was an excuse to persecute all non-Sec groups…
Ah, yes, Marta. Very careful indeed.

3.     Dangerous Secrets

After the party had finished and everyone had gone home, Coryn stood in the kitchen doing dishes. She’d said that if Aras had gone to the trouble of giving her a birthday party (the first one ever!) then he shouldn’t have to clean up. He’d given in.
“That was lovely,” she told him honestly. “I’ve never had anything like that before. And the cake with the candle on top? What a novel idea.”
Aras gave her a strange look. “I forget the Chosen don’t do birthday cakes. Coryn, that’s normal. You’re supposed to have one candle for each year, but I wasn’t sure how old you were.”
“Oh. I’m eighteen.”
“So young,” he murmured.
“Not really,” she retorted with good humour. “It’s just that you’re so old.”
“Well, let me just get out my anti-grav wings,” he replied with an entirely straight face. It was a joke, she knew, referring to the fact that the elderly used such things as a moving aid. It was a sign of how comfortable she’d become with him, that she could tease him like this and not take his serious expression at face value. He didn’t show a lot of emotion, but it was there.
“And some girls gave me this amber hairclip,” Coryn continued, turning her head to show him. The decorative gem was the size of her thumbnail and was shaped like a little owl. She’d loved it immediately, and had decided it would be her new favourite hairclip. It was her only hairclip.
“Pretty.”
Yes, she thought so too.
“So, who was the guy in the blue outfit?” he asked casually.
Coryn’s head snapped up from where she had been inserting dishes into the wash-drier. “You mean Daniel? Didn’t you invite him?”
“Of course not,” he replied in surprise. “I thought you must have.”
Frowning down at her hands, she tried to make sense of that. “No, of course not. He’s an enforcer, why would I?”
Aras went onto high alert. “You think he was spying on us? You think he knows about the Chosen?”
“I think it’s worse. I think he’s got a crush on me.”
Aras scowled, and Coryn rolled her eyes in exasperation. “Don’t worry, he’ll give it up soon enough when he realises I’m not interested. I don’t know what it is about me that attracts men who I’m not even slightly interested in…” Her voice petered off as she realised that she was describing Aras to a tee.
“Perhaps that’s it,” he said with a hint of humour. “Wanting what we can’t have.”
She turned away, blushing. It would be flattering, maybe, if it wasn’t so annoying and awkward. “I think he might have come with Marta. I’ll have to talk to her about inviting people to places without checking first.” 
Marta was a sweet girl, plump and pretty and very extroverted, and of course she was one of the ‘sisters’. She was at least Coryn’s age and had been introduced to the group by Poli, as they’d once lived in the same orphanage. Coryn was still very surprised she would have been spending time with an enforcer. 
Aras said the same thing. “I’ve only met her a couple of times before, but she didn’t seem the sort to take up with an enforcer.”
“Mmm.” 
He reached up to scratch his head, and Coryn was distracted once more by the sight of his silvery prosthetic arm, moving like normal skin and muscle. “Is that the same one you’ve always had?” she asked. “The arm, I mean.”
Aras looked surprised. “Sure. Why?”
She shrugged, frowning. “Just curious. I guess…” 
“What?”
“I was just thinking that if it’s Fey-made, then perhaps it would be better to get rid of it. Just in case.”
“This is the best prosthetic available,” he replied flatly. “I do have a spare, but I never use it. This one feels like my own arm.”
Coryn shrugged again. “As you like.” 
She finished the dishes, then changed into her most comfortable walking shoes. It might be late at night, but she still had plans. She’d just about made it to the front door when she glanced into the leisure-room to her left and saw that Aras had fallen asleep in front of the old-fashioned home VR set. The three large screens were flashing bright ‘pause’ colours onto his sleeping face, and the sensor-kits were still active on his hands and head. He was muttering to himself in his sleep, his face twisted in agitation. “Ric.” He frowned, clenching a fist. “Ric.”
Interesting. Coryn watched him curiously, waiting for him to say something else, something explanatory, when his blue eyes suddenly popped open. He looked at her, and she looked at him, a little embarrassed. “You fell asleep,” she said redundantly.
He sat up and the VR screens launched back into life. It was some kind of action/adventure game, but his attention was on her. “Why are you wearing those shoes?” 
Feeling her cheeks flush pink, she said, “I have to pop out for an hour or so to see a friend. Don’t wait up for me.”
He just stared at her. “You wanted to stay with me for protection, and you’re going out at night, alone?”
“Not very far,” she replied defensively. “I’ll be back by curfew.” Hopefully.
“Where are you going? I’ll walk you, if you must go.”
To the Empty Zone, which was forty-five minutes each way even with her new wings. She was going to hack into VR for a group session with the girls. “Thanks, but I’ll be fine. I’m quick and quiet when I want to be.”
“You think that will be enough if one of the Chosen spots you?” Aras looked appalled in his very understated way.
“I also have a weapon.”
“What kind?”
Coryn went to her room and retrieved the small paragun that she’d accidentally borrowed several weeks before. She’d been attacked by a man with a ram’s head tattoo on his neck. He’d been after the emblem – thinking she had it, the idiot – but she’d escaped the encounter all in one piece. As for the attacker, he’d been taken away by the enforcers, never to be seen again. Well, so far, anyway.
But when Aras saw the paragun he didn’t ask where she’d got it. He just studied it briefly, then held it up and pulled the trigger. Pop. He made a grunt of what might have been satisfaction when a small blue blob suddenly appeared on the far wall. “I can’t stop you going out. Just see that it doesn’t get used on you,” he said ominously.
She didn’t bother telling him that she was likely to be immune to the pellets’ effects, because then he’d want to know why, and she didn’t want to tell him. Not after everything she’d learned about the Chosen, and the Creatures. Any advantages that she’d gained from them were to be kept secret, especially the way she’d got them. 
She was keeping a lot from Aras, Coryn mused as she set out towards the Empty Zone with her anti-grav wings. He didn’t know about the clues, nor the secret entrance to the Other in the mobi-home. And he certainly didn’t know about her non-Sec meeting. She doubted he would care (since he was emphatically non-Sec himself: he wouldn’t have been with the Chosen otherwise) but she wanted to keep her secrets close to her chest until she knew without a doubt that she could trust him. There was still a part of her that feared that when he realised there would never be anything between them that he’d turn on her; or that all of this was some elaborate trick to get revenge for the handfasting swap with Kamile.
Even though it was late, the whole city was bathed in shades of pale blue from the new, low energy streetlights. They’d be on all night, creating an ice-like environment where even the occasional trees were bleached of life. Like an urban desert, if deserts of ice existed. It was the part of the government’s new initiative to keep control of city nights as well as days. Coryn wasn’t a fan of the lights or the government control, but she was also careful to at least look like she was following the law. That was why she’d make sure to be home before curfew started at midnight. That gave her enough time for a fifteen-minute chat in VR, then she would have to head right back. 
It almost didn’t seem worth it, except that these meetings were the highlight of her week. Poli, Magdalene, Marta and the other girls were mostly younger than Coryn, but they were similarly searching for something that couldn’t be found in the non-Sec boundaries that the law provided. 
Coryn had stumbled across their illegal, joint VR session a few months earlier, when she’d been in a very low place right after Trennan and Kamile had died. She’d just had a dream where Trennan had told her to find their ‘sisters’. She’d thought it was just her own grief giving her strange ideas, but then Poli had been in that VR session, and she’d known about Kamile, and suddenly Coryn had found herself in a new, odd little sisterhood. A family, almost, considering that her real one had been forced to forget her.
She spared a moment of grief for her mother, Regina, and her brother, Ladon, back in the Chosen Compound without any idea of what they’d lost. Still in danger from the predatory Creatures they thought of as benevolent Fey, and from their own leadership.
Can’t fix that yet, Coryn thought grimly, and turned her thoughts back to the present. The streets grew quieter as she slipped down to the lower levels, then out amongst the roads that led to the Empty Zone. She could hear animals now: the occasional owl, and the rustling of small night creatures amongst the thin undergrowth. Although the Empty Zones were hardly overgrown, the forest was finally beginning to encroach again. In spite of the darkness, the sounds didn’t bother her. Animals wouldn’t hurt her. It was the human kind that were the problem.
Coryn floated along through the darkened streets, her silver light-wand held out in front of her. Its glowing tip seemed to emit only a faint light, yet it seemed enough to see her surroundings clearly. It had been a gift from a stranger: a tiny, redheaded teenager with a strange accent. Coryn still didn’t know why she’d been given it, but the redhead had helped her, once upon a time. She’d directed Coryn to find Trennan’s special bag full of clues, then had vanished. Supposedly the clues led to the location of the spirit’s blood emblem, but Coryn hadn’t been able to make sense of them. She’d left the bag in her old mobi-home, behind a secret door, and as far as she knew, it was still there.
“It better still be there,” she muttered fiercely. She paused, hovering a few feet above the cracked concrete, and looked down a narrow side road in the direction of the mobi-home only a few blocks away. Perhaps she ought to check on it. 
A moment later she dismissed the idea. There was little time to go there as well as to VR, and she’d miss half the session if she wanted to be back in time for curfew. She thought she could probably make it back, but it wasn’t worth the fine, or more seriously, the questions if she was caught.
Coryn reached the tall, narrow VR box and stepped inside, closing the door after her, then sat down and quickly strapped herself in with the old-fashioned headset and handpieces. One of them was broken, which meant in VR she seemed to have a numb left side, but that didn’t matter. When she was illegally sneaking into the edges of someone else’s fantasy, she’d take what she could get.
She switched on the power, waited for it to boot up, then closed her eyes. For a moment the VR set tingled on her wrists and temples, and then the scene changed.
Virtual reality. It was daylight, and now Coryn was standing outside the front door of a big old wooden house, the sort with an ornate veranda. It was pretty and wooden and painted white, but it existed in a void. The ground only appeared under her feet as she walked, otherwise everything was grey. To one side she could see flashes of colour: oranges and reds that suggested a sunset. On the other was swirling white and green – perhaps a winter scene, or an alien planet. The setting was defined by whoever was controlling the VR session. Hint: not her.
But who cared? Coryn just took a moment to orient herself, then went in through the front door as she’d been doing regularly for months now.
Upstairs she could hear voices, and recognised some of them already. Magdalene’s laugh was unmistakeable, and of course Poli would be with her. Then there would be Jessica, and either Natalia or Marta had hopefully been able to make it. Last time Marta had said she might have to miss a few weeks, perhaps even longer. She had another meeting to go to – a Deias meeting.
What a bloody stupid idea, Coryn had thought. She didn’t rule out the idea that something like Deias existed, but it was the height of stupidity to meet in person to talk about it. If they got caught, it was the work camps or even execution. If Coryn got caught even here in VR, it would be the same. 
But who could catch her when it was all happening in her own mind?
Just then a noise sounded nearby; a faint, rustling sound that didn’t belong. Coryn’s head snapped around with a frown. “Who’s there?”
There was nothing, just the empty hall, and she turned to walk up the stairs again.
Another rustle, but this time it sounded distinctly…slithery. Coryn felt the hairs on the back of her neck rise, and as though her fear had called it up, out it came. Materialising from nowhere, first a long, sinuous shadow appeared and within seconds it was closer, darker, huge… 
As a child she’d experienced a glitch in VR, one that had followed her into her dreams for years and years; one that had kept her from sleeping properly ever since childhood; one that she’d become convinced was connected with Brosca, although she had no proof of why.
But except for that horrific first time, the colossal serpent had never again shown up in VR. Until now.
Quite literally, her worst nightmare had returned.



The Mountain of Glass

Elspeth was sitting under her favourite peach tree, studying the reflective surface of the stream that ran in front of her. Jon sat beside her, and they’d been chatting aimlessly for some time when a boy came rushing past. He was unfamiliar, with brown colouring and the slight sheen to his skin that indicated he was more than merely an ordinary human. As he saw them he skidded to a halt.
“You there,” he said abruptly to Jon. “You ever had trouble with Creatures in vee-arr?” Or at least ’twas how it sounded to Elspeth.
Jon shrugged. “Had trouble with Creatures everywhere. Why?”
The boy’s lips tightened. “I come out of the Tapestry Room for ten minutes, and suddenly she’s being attacked! I didn’t even know Creatures could get into vee-arr!”
Jon and Elspeth exchanged startled glances, hers because she had little understanding of what or even who was being discussed. 
“Uh…I guess they can?” Jon ventured. “If you ask Amaranthus, he’ll-”
“Already on it,” the boy cut in, then suddenly smiled at the two of them. “That’s why I’m rushing back. I want to be in on every moment I can, you know?”
Jon looked baffled, but Elspeth nodded emphatically. This at least she did understand. She knew not where the boy went, but she knew how it felt to care for someone and to want to partake in their every challenge. Even if she could not save them from trouble, at least she could lend comfort.
The boy sped away, and Elspeth found herself studying Jon’s pensive face. But she could hardly lend comfort if he would not tell her his troubles, could she?
Mayhap in time he would trust her enough to do so. For now, there was nothing to do but wait.



Lile

There was a half second of complete terror before Coryn turned and bolted up the stairs, hearing the snake’s massive girth moving quickly behind her. It was like the scene from her childhood all over again, being chased by the huge snake through a familiar building, and not being able to find anywhere to hide. She needed to get control over her mind, she needed to force the monster out – she controlled this VR scene, not it! – but all that filled her head was fear. She looked in panic for a place to hide, somewhere with a door, just for long enough to think…
The bathroom loomed up on her right, there from her mind’s expectation rather than necessity. She dashed inside and slammed the door against the creature, locking it. A moment later she felt the impact as its strong body hit the door behind her. The VR wood shuddered, and so did she as she climbed up out of the high bathroom window and onto the flat roof, ran over to the next open window, and climbed back inside another high-set window. Then she was inside the upstairs parlour the girls usually met in, and three startled faces stared back at her. Poli, the tall redhead whose height made her look older than her real age of fourteen; Magdalene, her small brunette friend with the big personality; and Jessica, who tended to blend into the background behind the other two.
“Coryn?” Poli said in shock. 
“It’s here. Oh Deias, it’s here.”
“What’s here?” Jessica asked. 
“The snake!” Coryn shouted. “The huge, man-eating snake that chases me in my nightmares.” She quickly moved around the room, checking all the doors, although it didn’t matter, did it? In VR things could move through walls. “I can control it,” she muttered to herself. “I can control it.”
“I didn’t see anything,” Magdalene ventured. Like the other two girls, she looked baffled and nervous. “But it’s only VR, Coryn. Just make it go away.”
Coryn slumped. She was still shaking, and she knew that the snake was following her, not the others. She couldn’t hear it, but she knew it was there, somewhere, waiting for the moment to come in. “I can’t,” she said finally, her voice a hoarse whisper. “I can’t make it go away. It follows me, I can’t control it. I can’t kill it.”
“I’ll kill it for you,” Magdalene offered grandly. She held out her hand and a short sword appeared, its blade gleaming silver. “If it shows up, then I’ll chop off its head.”
Coryn laughed, but she was still shaking. She could hear faint sounds through the walls, in the walls, and she knew it hadn’t gone away. 
“Maybe we shouldn’t be here,” Poli said worriedly. She was watching Coryn very carefully. “I told you VR wasn’t safe, Mags.”
“It’s the only place we can really talk,” Magdalene argued. “And what you said before – I don’t think it’s true. If it was, we would have known by now.”
Coryn looked from one girl to the other, knowing she’d missed something. “Known what?”
“If Creatures can come into VR,” Poli replied.
Coryn felt herself go cold even in that controlled, imaginary environment. “Why would you say that?” There was a sudden thump from the other side of the bedroom door, sounding like it was made by a very large being, and she jumped in place.
“Because it makes sense,” Poli said quietly. “And because sometimes I can feel things here, things that I can’t see. I feel like we’re being watched, and it’s dark and…well, evil. I don’t think we’re alone. Like just then, Coryn, you jumped. Why did you jump?”
“I heard…” Coryn finished weakly. “You didn’t hear anything, did you?”
The others shook their heads.
“Perhaps we should cut it short for tonight,” Poli said quickly. “We were just saying that we should stop meeting in VR. It’s too far for you to go, at least, and I’m now sure that there are worse dangers here than outside in the real world. Haven’t you heard that VR is only a hair away from the Other?”
Coryn sighed, then nodded her head in agreement. “Once more, then. Same time next week? Make sure all the girls come, if we can, and then we’ll make a new meeting place.”
“We could-” Magdalene began, and then suddenly the snake burst into the room.
It came through the door, and Coryn barely threw herself out of the way in time. “The sword,” she screamed at Magdalene. “Kill it!”
“Kill what?” Magdalene was saying stupidly, and Coryn realised that she had to do it by herself. She grabbed the blade from the younger girl’s hand, and powered by the fear of her friends being hurt, she went for the snake. It reared up and she swung at its neck (wasn’t the whole thing neck?) and unbelievably, that seemed to be enough. She severed its head as smoothly as cutting butter, and the whole thing began to shrivel and shrink. Just like that.
“Oh Deias,” Coryn moaned again, letting out a sigh of intense relief. “I’ve got to get one of these, Mags.”
“What are you doing?” Jessica asked. She was white-faced, and wore the same expression of confusion as the others.
“Didn’t you see-” Coryn began, but then the shrivelling remains of the snake had reformed. The new snake was smaller, perhaps only as thick as her wrist, but she barely waited for it to have a proper head before she cut that off too. It went flying, and the snake once more began to shrivel – but she could already see it was reforming. “What in Hades?” she cried out. “Why does this keep happening?”
“We can’t see anything!” Magdalene said, her voice tinged with panic.
“I can feel it,” Poli countered. “Kill it, Coryn, and let’s get out of here.”
But the newest, small snake turned and fled for the corner of the room, vanishing through the wall. 
“It’s gone,” Coryn said finally. Her voice was remarkably even considering what had just happened. “But I think it’ll be back.”
“We didn’t see anything,” Magdalene repeated. “A snake, you say?”   
“It must be a problem at your end,” Jessica said. 
She sounded a little accusing, and Coryn sighed. She didn’t like being looked at like she was crazy. She wasn’t crazy – she didn’t think – but she was growing increasingly sure that the snake was in some way connected to Brosca. “It’s a glitch on my end, then,” she said flatly. “Chaos. I’ve got to get out of here. This thing…”
“Wait,” Poli interrupted. Her face was white with fear, but she looked determined. “I don’t think it was just a glitch with Coryn. I said before that I could feel that there was something here. A presence, even if I couldn’t see it. It was horrible. I can still feel it.”
Jessica looked appalled. “I’m out of here.” She blinked out of sight, not even needing to use the door like Coryn did. Some people just had a better grip on VR.
Still clutching the blade, Coryn looked carefully around the room. “I’m so sorry about this. It’s been haunting my dreams ever since I was a child and had a VR glitch,” she told Magdalene and Poli, voice carefully steadied in spite of her fright. She knew, she just knew that it was still there somewhere. “A huge snake, chasing me so it could swallow me whole, but this is the first time it’s ever followed me into VR since then…”
“But why would it follow you?” Magdalene asked, baffled. “If it really is a Creature, I mean. What good would that do?”
Coryn considered the question in light of the emblem and everything that had passed, then slumped. “I don’t know. I just need it to stop.”
“You should come to the River,” Poli said decisively. “That’ll sort it out.”
Coryn barely refrained from rolling her eyes. The River – according to these two it was the answer to everything, but she hadn’t yet given in. “Maybe next time.”
But for now, it was time to escape VR.



“Find the girl with the blue ears,” Ash muttered to herself as she trudged along the building-block streets of whatever futuristic city this was. “Oh, no problem Elspeth, but perhaps you’d like to give me a clue as to where to find her?”
It had become increasingly clear that a) this city was pretty darned enormous, and b) finding a single person in an unfamiliar city when you didn’t know what they looked like (Beth!) was not an easy task. Oh, and c) unlike Iversley of 2155 AD, this was a proper futuristic city, and she was getting quite distracted just looking around her.
Once Ash had moved beyond the street she’d arrived in, she’d seen that she wasn’t on ground level at all. She’d thought she was surrounded by tall buildings, but actually it was layers of buildings, with irregularly structured roads leading between massive platforms high above her head, which had more buildings built on them, and then more roads…
Scary. And rather like her VR session, the street she was standing on was edged with a chest-high wall. When she leaned to look over it, she could see the street far below – and then below that, what might have been the actual ground. It was both disturbing because of its height and fascinating because of the way it was designed. It seemed like a child had built a city out of plastic blocks, removed a bunch of important structural ones, then spray painted the whole thing in shades of grey and white. There were stairs everywhere, and she could see a queue of brightly-dressed people in the distance, stepping into a moving platform which took them at great speed straight upwards. A better option than walking. Not as good as flying though, and it was a real shame she couldn’t do that here, damn it.
 Just then a buzzing thing about the size of a dinner plate came zipping over the protective wall, almost smacking Ash in the head. She screamed, batting at it, but it just buzzed frantically around her head. It was caught in her hair, she realised in horror, smacking at it and screaming some more as if the noise would help. But then perhaps it did, because the buzzing thing backed up, tugging a few strands of dark hair with it, then neatly moved around her and zipped away, yellow tail-lights flashing in indignation.
“What in Hades?” she muttered, one hand pressed against her sore scalp. “Was that a drone?”
It must have been. Now Ash knew what to look for, she could see others moving about the city almost unseen: like mini spaceships of various sizes, some carrying parcels. One even looked like it was carrying a four-pack of coffee, but perhaps that was just wishful thinking. She was starting to feel hungry again.
Just then Ash noticed her impromptu dance hadn’t gone unseen. A girl stood not ten feet away, with a dog on a lead and an expression of amusement on her face. Well, what Ash could see of her face under what looked like half a pair of glasses. Yes, just half; covering her right eye but not her left. “I hate when they do that,” she called across to Ash, her words translating into Anglish in Ash’s head. “The owners should set them to move slower around blind corners, but they don’t. I’ve had a drone or two in my hair.”
 Her black hair, which stuck out from the top of her head in two giant, fluffy pig-tail balls, was the most normal thing about her. She wore magenta pink from the top of her pointy-shouldered tutu to the toe of her chunky sandals, which appeared to be resting on a three-foot wide disc hovering slightly above the ground. Her little dog, which was some kind of grey terrier, was dressed in matching pink armour and sat on an identical, smaller hover-disc attached to her own by a stiff silver rod.
Ash couldn’t help it. She stared, and the girl’s smiled faltered. “What, you never seen someone wearing street-pinks before?”
Was that what those were? Ash shook her head, and the girl lifted her chin. “Well, I saw a person or two dressed like you, but they were only in historical VR programmes. So there.” She turned and stalked off in a huff – hovered off in a huff, actually – dragging her little dog behind her. As if in sympathy, it turned and yapped once in Ash’s direction before disappearing around a corner with the girl.
Oh, bogger, Ash thought too late. She should have asked if the girl knew anyone with blue ears. 
But instead of mourning her lost opportunity, she wandered over towards a cluster of small buildings up ahead in the shadow of some much larger ones, and suddenly far-sight kicked into place. The real, useful, occasionally disturbing far-sight, not the fake, overly-convenient VR sort. Yay! 
She saw herself wandering for hours on end, asking a police officer where she could find people with blue ears, him ordering her to let him scan her chip, her not having a chip…her being pulled into the station, which seemed rather more like a cross between an accountant’s office and a dungeon…
Ash froze mid-step, then turned and headed in the other direction, towards what might have been a park. Those looked like trees, anyway. But if she made it to the park, far-sight showed her she would end up sidetracked by what might have been a wild-man complete with twigs stuck behind his ears, then a couple of armed men jumped out of the bushes, shot him with what looked like a sort of taser, and dragged his inert body away on a hovering board. Then one of the men turned and looked at her through his reflective black helmet (OK, so she assumed he was looking at her, she couldn’t actually see his eyes) and then asked for proof of identity. She didn’t have it, and she was pulled into the station…
OK, fine! She’d head up a level then, take this elevator-platform thing…no credit…request for identification…pulled into the station.
Hmm. Ash paused thoughtfully. Not that she wanted to make assumptions about this city’s police force or anything, but far-sight wasn’t making her like them very much. It seemed like it would be very easy for her to end up on the wrong side of the law (ha – Ashlea O’Reilly-Seymour, master criminal), so she decided then and there that she’d just avoid anyone who looked official. A good philosophy, although by the time she’d climbed nine flights of stairs to reach the next level she was wondering if being arrested was a better option. 
There were far more pedestrians up here too, and ‘street-pinks’ girl had told the truth: she wasn’t the only one. Ash spotted both male and female wearing suits made of the same colour, as well as stripes and spots that would have been comfortably worn by a clown from the twentieth century. Tight pants were paired with puffy skirts, jackets on the men which looked like they were filled with air, and helmets or half-glasses were worn by most of the people who passed her. 
A couple of times Ash saw a small white figure go zooming past through the air. At first she thought it was some kind of drone, but then she saw what must have been a five-year-old in a white full-body suit go hovering past. They were attached by a lead to a middle-aged man whose attention was caught by something on his palm, and who didn’t seem at all bothered that his child was two seconds from floating away like a lost helium balloon.
She just stared, noting the thick bands on the child’s wrists and ankles, then purposely looked out for any others like it. They all wore the bands, she realised finally; all the fliers did, and they left faint shimmers of light as they skimmed through the air, hollering to each other just like any other child she’d see at home. (Except for the flying part. That didn’t happen at home.)
Well, well, well. It looked like she didn’t need to take the stairs after all, Ash mused. But it was so ingrained in her that she mustn’t let anyone see her fly, that she didn’t try it. Not just yet.
She made her way to the busiest part of this level, full of nice shops and well-dressed people. She could even see the blue sky from up here between the gaps in the buildings. Closer still she could see things advertised with a writing that wasn’t familiar, even though the font was. But then of course this Lile wasn’t Anglish-speaking, was it? Although Ash could understand any language, it had to be verbal, not written. She was practically illiterate otherwise.
 Gaaahhh… This was like going around in circles. She needed to ask someone where to find people with blue ears, but definitely not a police officer. Seeing a building up ahead that looked like a shop, she took a step forward and went inside, setting off an alarm because she didn’t have the clearance necessary to be inside this particular place. When she apologised and asked about a blue-eared girl, the shop assistant (yes, they still had them) looked at her as if she was crazy, then told her to try the lower levels. 
All that skipped through Ash’s mind in an instant as soon as she set her foot on the ground. So instead of wasting her time doing that, she checked over the edge of the level, dodged a flying, screeching ten-year-old wearing those funny bands, and then overcame her fear of heights (ironic, yes) and made the jump.
Actually it was more of a float, and having her eyes shut was a bad idea because she narrowly avoided getting hit by a roofless bus – no, it was a cable car that went on a slope between the levels. The driver shouted something rude at her, and she shouted back that she was sorry, and then was interested to see that the middle-fingered salute was still in fashion.
“Back at you,” Ash muttered under her breath, but was careful to watch where she was going down to the lower level. But when she got there she saw that it was actually a middle level: there were lower still, right down to the street far, far below.
“Blue-eared girl, blue-eared girl,” she repeated to herself. Where could she find someone like that? Perhaps the person was a popstar or very famous, and so people would know who she was. Oh yes, the girl with the blue ears. You’d be looking for (insert name here)…
Eh. Nice thought, but unlikely. Ash looked around her in frustration, catching the eye of a girl who was manning an open-sided truck nearby. It reminded Ash a little of the fast food vendors of her own time who would gather to sell hot dogs or coffee at large events, but here this was the only vendor. There were large letters above the open side, no doubt saying what was being sold, but of course Ash couldn’t read them, could she? Ooh, but she was so hungry, and something smelled like pancakes and golden syrup.
“What are you selling?” she asked the girl, who was rather pretty in a fragile, big-eyed, sharp-cheekboned sort of way, with long blonde hair pinned back by a single amber hairclip. Alright, she was beautiful. Enough about that.
The girl pointed up at the sign above her. “Traditional pancakes and yogurt drinks.”
Urgh. Yogurt drinks had been available in her own time, but Ash had never really liked them. They couldn’t make up their mind whether to be liquid or solid, a failing that she could forgive in a fruit smoothie, but not in yogurt. “How much for the pancake?” she asked, a millisecond before realising she didn’t have any money.
The girl gave her another look, which suggested that the price was also written rather obviously. Ash didn’t bother explaining that she couldn’t read whatever this language might be, instead deciding to ignore her rumbling stomach. “Actually, forget the food. I was wondering if you can tell me where I can find someone?”
“Depends who you’re looking for.”
“Well,” Ash began, “this might seem like a strange question. Do you know where I could find a girl with blue ears?”
There was a distinct moment where the girl seemed frozen in place, then she very slowly picked up a cloth and began wiping the counter. “You mean tattooed mourning marks?”
“Ah…possibly. Is there any other reason that someone might have blue ears?”
The girl gave Ash another strange look, as if trying to decide if Ash was crazy or simply ignorant. She was decidedly less friendly than before. “Not that I know of. Why are you looking for such a person?”
“Er…I can’t say. I can only tell the girl. When I find her.”
“There’s got to be more than one girl with mourning marks, if that’s what you’re looking for,” the girl replied neutrally.
“I know,” Ash sighed. “It was a long shot. Sorry I asked.”
Just then she felt a strong hand on her shoulder, spinning her around, and right there was a huge man who looked a lot like a 1980s action star. “Run, Coryn,” he barked at the girl, and then he lifted a hand and something struck Ash across the side of the head, and she felt her whole body grow increasingly numb until she slumped to the ground. He caught her and pulled her inside the now empty food truck, closing the openings and shoving her on the floor. “Now,” he said, “You’re going to tell me everything you know…”
A millisecond later Ash was standing back in front of that food trunk, noticing that the girl’s eyes were flickering behind her, and she didn’t think. She shot straight upwards, and felt the brush of air as the man grabbed for her and missed.
“Run, Coryn!” he shouted, and then she glanced down just in time to see him lift a weapon, and shoot…
The first faint pop of the weapon releasing sent a jolt brushing against Ash’s side, into her loose shirt. The second shot she avoided through far-sight, and by the time the third sounded, she’d managed to hide from the shooter. She huddled on the roof of a nearby building, and after a few seconds gathered enough courage to peek over the edge.
The man saw her and shot. Pop. Pop. 
Ooh, so close! He was a good shot, Ash marvelled, and if she hadn’t had far-sight she would have been hit for sure by…whatever that was. Well, she’d given up on a low profile, anyway. Seeing that he was coming after her, she flew quietly to a higher area, and that was when she noticed the girl, Coryn. She had made her way down several levels and along the road, and Ash wouldn’t have been able to see her at all had she not had such a good view. She ducked into a doorway and just before she disappeared, her straight blonde hair lifted away, and Ash saw her ears. 
They were blue.
Ash dashed down after her, and just as she realised the big man had seen her, she found the doorway that Coryn – that was her name, wasn’t it? – had disappeared through. And disappear she had. It was a blank stone wall! 
“What the…?” Ash lifted her hand to touch the thing, and was startled when the stone rippled. It wasn’t a remnant gateway, but it was something. 
Closing her eyes and taking a deep breath, she stepped through.

4.     Hidden Paths
 
Ash pushed her way through the stone wall, eyes scrunched tightly shut. For a moment it felt like she was buffeted by a cold breeze – with a hint of elastic – but then she was through. 
The other side of the wall was completely different. Gone were the stacks of buildings which reminded her of a half-played game of blocks, and instead she was standing on a dirt path in the middle of the countryside, surrounded by dry grass, a clay-dirt cliff, and a scattering of trees. It reminded Ash of her time in the Other realm, except there, there wasn’t even a speck of greenery. Oh Deias, she hoped it wasn’t virtual reality again…
Coryn was standing up not ten feet ahead of her, chewing her nails anxiously, and when she saw Ash she turned to run.
“Amaranthus sent me!” Ash hollered after her.
It was almost comical how abruptly the girl stopped. At first her torso halted, but her legs took a few more steps and she almost fell over. Then she turned to stare at Ash, eyes wide. “Who?”
Damn, she’d got it wrong, hadn’t she? “Um…that wasn’t the right name. Just give me a moment and I’ll check my notes…” Ash fumbled to pull out her phone, then smiled at the girl as encouragingly as possible. At least she wasn’t running anymore. “I’ve just got to wait for my mobile to turn on – unless we’re in virtual reality, and then I suppose it won’t work.”
“We’re not in VR,” Coryn said flatly. She was still tense, but seemed a little relaxed by Ash’s apparent incompetence. “Why would you think we were?”
“Er…” The phone was taking the longest time to switch on, going through the motions with flashing lights and the occasional false start. Ash really should replace it, but their finances were a bit weird at the moment, what with living half the time in another century… “Well, it’s hard to tell, isn’t it? I got stuck in virt- VR before, without realising it. And besides, if not VR, then where are we?”
The girl wrapped her arms defensively around her slim shoulders, looking increasingly puzzled. “You’re here, aren’t you? Can’t you tell?”
“You know, it’s not very helpful when you answer a question with a question.”
“You did,” Coryn retorted defensively.
Ash barely held back from rolling her eyes. She didn’t know why Amaranthus wanted her to help this girl, but she was prickly. “Here it is,” she said in relief, finally having accessed her notes. “I’m supposed to say that the Unfading One sent me – I suppose that means Amaranthus anyway – and that I’m supposed to help you. And-”
“The Unfading One? You mean, Deias?”
Ash blinked, startled. “Ah…I don’t think so. I mean, he would have said if he was…that’s kind of a big claim to make!”
“The Unfading One,” Coryn repeated flatly. “Also known as the Eternal One, and whoever it is that’s come up with the River of Life that a few of my friends are obsessed with. That Unfading One. You just called him Amaranthus.”
Ash was stunned into silence. In her brain the cogs were turning, and thoughts were click-click-click falling into place. For the first time the word ‘Amaranthus’ had translated in her head, and it meant ‘unfading’. 
Oooh.
And Coryn was saying that ‘the Unfading One’, a.k.a. Amaranthus, was also the Eternal One, a.k.a Deias.
Arghh!
Sure, Amaranthus was incredible, Ash admitted to herself. She was pretty sure he wasn’t human, not with the way time meant nothing to him, and the way he kept a tapestry where each thread represented a human life, from birth to death… Who does that? Who can do that?
Was he immortal? Probably. Eternally free of time? Possibly. And if Coryn was right, then that would mean Ash had had scones with Deias the first time they’d met in person.
ARRRGHH! “I had scones with Deias!” she blurted out, her eyes so wide they felt like they were bugging from her head. “With fig jam, and he knew I’d like it because it wasn’t gritty!”
“What?” Coryn said. “Repeat that in Lilluanian, will you?”
Ash was practically hyperventilating (what had she said? What had she done? Had she insulted him? How could he be so humble?) that she didn’t respond for a moment.
“Hello,” Coryn said again, waving a hand rudely in Ash’s face. “Come back to earth. Did the Unfading One send you or not?”
“Um…” Ash squeaked. “Yes. Yes he did. He sent me to help you.”
“To help me.” Coryn sounded unimpressed. “Where did he send you from, a village on the outskirts? I’ve never seen anyone dressed like you.”
Ouch. Coryn’s own clothes were far plainer than others Ash had seen in the city, but even so she could see the difference from her own clothing. “We’ll talk about that later,” she deflected. “So I’m supposed to, er, lend assistance.”
“What kind of assistance?”
“I don’t know. What do you need?”
“How are you with resurrections?” 
Ash’s jaw dropped. She was sensing a theme to this conversation, one she hadn’t seen coming. Amaranthus is Deias Amaranthus is Deias Amaranthus- “Uh…none so far.” 
“Then you’re not much good to me.” Ash slumped in disappointment, and the girl added, “And who are you supposed to be, anyway?”
Ash snapped to attention. “Oh, sorry. I hadn’t realised that I hadn’t introduced myself, what with all the…chasing you. Sorry about that.” The girl looked impatient, so Ash quickly added, “I’m Ashlea O’Reilly-Seymour, but you can call me Ash.”
“Ash, as in the burned remains of a carbon-based lifeform?”
“If you mean trees, then I suppose so.” But then George had never liked that nickname either, had he?
Coryn still looked defensive. “So I’m supposed to just trust you now, tell you my name, so on and so forth?”
“Well, I already know your name,” Ash replied apologetically. “That big guy shouted for you to run, remember?” And she’d seen it in far-sight too, so she’d heard the name twice.
Coryn’s aggressive pose deflated slightly. “So he did.” She stared at Ash for a long moment, then sighed. “Well, you don’t seem to have the stink of a blood-drinker, and I can usually tell when someone does. Now, anyway, and especially here in the Borderlands, however we got here. So I suppose I will trust you.”
“Oh, good,” Ash answered in relief. She’d been given one job, and she didn’t want to mess it up. Especially not now she knew who’d given it to her! “Er…what’s a blood-drinker? And what are the Borderlands?”
“You don’t know very much, do you?”



The girl – Ash – blinked her green-brown eyes, looking more than a little defensive. “I know plenty, just not about this place. I haven’t been here very long, and I wasn’t given many instructions at all.”
Clearly. And then Coryn considered that the girl had followed Coryn through to the Borderlands, which had inexplicably appeared here in the middle of the city. They looked different from those near the Compound, which tended to be very lush, but Coryn could feel in the atmosphere that the Other was very close. That meant a conduit was nearby – a conduit had to be nearby, because it was impossible otherwise. Coryn had known the danger, but she’d thought that Brosca or the Chosen had sent someone to capture her, so she’d taken the risk and stepped through. It had seemed slightly safer.
Ridiculous in hindsight to think Ash was any danger. The girl was clearly clueless, and was dressed like something out of a historical VR programme with her shapeless beige tunic and slightly darker trousers, far too loose for fashion, and ugly to boot. And those shoes? Coryn had hardly been raised to worry about clothing styles – the Chosen tended to be old-fashioned in more ways than one – but there was a limit. And Ash was supposed to help her?
Coryn finally answered the question, carefully choosing her words. “The Borderlands are what you walk through before you reach the Other realm. Have you heard of that?”
“Oh, of course.” The other girl looked relieved. “I’ve been to the Mountain of Glass, which is of course lovely, and I was stuck in the Other desert for a while too. That wasn’t so lovely. But we got in by using…well, a travelling device. I didn’t realise you could just walk in.”
“The Borderlands have existed to some degree for a good four hundred years.” Coryn paused. “They’re still growing. The Mountain of Glass…that wouldn’t happen to be underground, would it?”
“Kind of. It’s actually inside a mountain, but just seems like a clear dome from inside. You’ve heard of it, then?”
“Yes.” It sounded like what Trennan had described down in those fireless fire pits. So he had met this Amaranthus that this clearly un-Sec Ash seemed so fascinated with…and he’d still died horribly. Something inside Coryn shrivelled at that thought, like a door slamming shut. She did not like Amaranthus...but she might need him.
“And the blood-drinkers? Sounds self-explanatory, and sounds like a good way to get an iron overdose.” Ash grinned as though she’d made a joke.
Coryn just stared at her. “The blood-drinkers are a cult of murderers who wish to increase their own power by drinking the lifeblood of others. I know that a Fey – someone who I trusted, who I grew up with, but I guess she’s been a Creature all along – was mixed up with it. Actually, the people who raised me are all mixed up in it. They killed my fiancé, as well as a girl who was like a sister to me. I barely escaped with my life.”
Ash’s jaw had dropped open. “Geez. I’m sorry.”
Coryn shrugged a shoulder. “It’s not like you had anything to do with it. Did you?” 
“No!” 
“Then don’t say you’re sorry.”
There was a long pause where Ash looked pained, then she changed the subject. “So…four hundred years, yes? When would that have been?”
Coryn could have said ‘four hundred years ago, idiot’, but she was kind. “About 2100, after the Great War.”
Ash muttered something that sounded like, ‘bloody great war, don’t know what was so great about it’, but then said more clearly, “So what you need is-”
“To get out of here,” Coryn cut in briskly. She was hyper-aware of the very real risk of the Borderlands shifting around her, and suddenly finding herself in the Other. And what was the bet there’d be a particular orange-eyed Fey waiting for her? “We’ll talk back in the city.” Or Aras would interrogate, but Ash could find that out for herself.
She moved back over to the place where she’d seen Ash appear. There wasn’t an obvious doorway of any kind. In fact, the girl had just burst into sight out of one of the rocky clay cliffs nearby. Coryn studied it, trying to sense any weakness or gateway or anything, but it just felt like rock. The whole atmosphere hummed with the odd potential of the Other, mixed with the slight heaviness that came from the Borderlands. Coryn didn’t mind it – it felt good, actually – but she knew some of the other Chosen had struggled.
“I can’t see where we came in,” Ash said redundantly. “Can’t sense a gateway, either.”
Coryn ignored her, moving away and feeling around for any other soft spots, trying to see if there was anything she’d missed before. But then she saw it. In the distance, down a dirt path and across a wooded area, were the outlines of several houses. They looked rather ordinary, perhaps even old-fashioned, and Coryn knew two things. Firstly, that there was an exit right on the ground in front of them – she could see it shimmering like air above heated rocks. Secondly, that they weren’t alone here.
She set her jaw. “Move it now, unless you want to be trapped here. And keep your voice down.”
Perhaps that was a little rude, but she didn’t wait to see Ash’s expression. There was a pause, and then the girl was skipping to keep up. “What are we worried about?”
“Halflings.”
“You mean those little people with big hairy feet?”
Coryn cast her a disgusted look over one shoulder. “I mean the mixed-blood offspring of Fey and humans…or Creatures and humans, whatever you want to call them. Sometimes they can’t live in the normal, and have to stay on the Borderlands.” And if that was the case, then often they were at the mercy of the Creatures – or so she’d heard.
“Gross,” Ash said. “The Creatures can actually breed? Hades, I pity the poor soul who’d end up with their genes.”
“That’s unfairly harsh,” Coryn snapped without slowing her pace. “You said you didn’t even know what a Halfling was, so how can you judge their appearance?” Although Halflings were often very ugly, they weren’t always ugly. Just look at her lovely Trennan and Kamile.
The other girl was puffing to keep up. “Well…I have seen Creatures, and they’re about as beautiful as a poop-encrusted warthog. So even crossed with a supermodel, you’d end up with a less than lovely result. Or at least I would have thought.” 
Coryn didn’t know what a supermodel was, but she got the idea. “I’ve seen Creatures,” she began, but then realised that actually, she probably hadn’t. And if she judged by the way Brosca had begun to change the last time she’d seen her back in the castle, then maybe all the Fey did that. Maybe the way they presented themselves to the Chosen wasn’t how they truly looked. After all, Coryn already knew some of them were capable of shapeshifts. Some could create things of great beauty in the Other, just with their minds. And if the Creatures really were ugly, then it would explain why so many of the Halflings were too.  
That thought stunned Coryn, and she wondered just exactly who they’d been dealing with all this time. She didn’t finish her sentence, instead turning to see why Ash was moving so slowly. “Walk faster!”
“I’m trying, but I feel so heavy-oof!” Ash fell flat on the ground, her arms outstretched in front of her.
Coryn hauled her up, hanging onto her arm and dragging her along behind. “What was that?”
“Well…tried to fly, but it didn’t work.”
Coryn hadn’t noticed that the girl was wearing anti-grav wings, but; “Wings won’t always work in the Borderlands. The atmosphere screws up technology.”
“It’s screwing me up,” Ash muttered, puffing. “How come you’re not affected?”
And that was Coryn’s own little secret. “I’ve done it loads of times,” she fudged. “I think I’ve built up an immunity.” 
The houses and the exit were just up ahead through the trees when the cliff stopped. At its edge stood a Halfling: a stumpy little man wearing dark red that reminded her of the blood-drinkers. Gritting her teeth, Coryn sped up, and the Halfling barely had time to blink before they’d passed him. Up ahead, other forms became visible off to the side – more Halflings, and they’d been noticed. 
Uh oh.
“Head for the space between the two trees closest to the houses,” Coryn ordered Ash. “That’s the way out, in case we get separated.”
The other Halflings were approaching now. These were taller than the first, lanky and a bit fragile-looking, but Coryn knew it was a deceptive fragility. Coryn grabbed tighter to Ash’s wrist, briskly walking towards the gateway as though she belonged here. She gave a polite nod in the direction of the Halflings, desperately hoping that they’d not be stopped.
“Deias,” Ash whispered. “They look like baby giraffes.” 
The nearest of the Halflings loped over to them, catching up easily with his very long, slender limbs. He was probably seven feet tall, with a small, pale, stretched-looking face – and hopefully he hadn’t heard the giraffe comment. “What are you doing in here?” 
“Oh, just passing through,” Coryn told him casually, trying to sound as unthreatening as possible while putting herself between him and Ash. “We’re in a hurry, don’t mind us.”
“You need to stop,” the man said, “and come with me.” And then he went to grab her shoulder, and she pushed him away, hard. He stumbled backwards, and then it was all on. The others leapt to attention, swarming them. 
“MOVE!” Coryn shouted at Ash, dropping her wrist, and the girl ran for the gateway. 
Coryn dodged around another long arm, and then in front of her was a Halfling girl of her own age: pale and long-limbed and very tall. She looked startled for a moment, but then from behind they heard the man shout, “Grab her, Kaizey!”
Then the Halfling girl’s eyes narrowed and she reached for Coryn. Coryn turned on her heel and ran: dodging around the nearest tree and almost running full-force into a low branch. She ducked at the last moment, and behind her heard the smack-ooh! that indicated that Kaizey hadn’t been so quick.
No time to feel satisfied. Coryn stepped neatly around another, slower-moving Halfling then sprinted for the gateway. She could see Ash had reached the grassy verge and was looking down in confusion. Perhaps she couldn’t see it the way Coryn could, see it like a faint square of shimmering light hovering flatly over the ground, and she couldn’t see the small Halfling man who was cloaked in partial illusion, sneaking up on her from her right.
“Look out!” Coryn cried, but Ash had already stepped aside as if she could see it. The Halfling man tripped and fell plunk into the portal. For a moment his body rested on its surface, arms and legs flailing a little like he was using defective anti-grav wings. Then he vanished from sight.
Ash gave Coryn a horrified glance, but Coryn shook her head, grabbing her arm and pulling her through in a single leap. The gateway enveloped them too slowly – like falling through a layer of thick cream – and just before her vision changed, she felt a sharp prick at the back of her neck.
And then they were through. She was lying on concrete in Lile city, with the small body of that Halfling man shrivelling next to her like fruit in the sun. Within minutes he’d look like a withered old banana peel, and Coryn knew he wouldn’t be recognisable as a person.
Pushing back a grimace of disgust, she picked up the body, then forced it back through the portal that she could still faintly sense there. Unlike her entry, the Borderlands practically sucked the body away, and then it was just her and Ash alone here on the city street, as though nothing had ever happened.
“Oh my Deias,” Ash said again. It seemed to be one of her favourite phrases. “What was that thing?”
Coryn didn’t answer at first. Something that Coryn knew herself, but couldn’t explain to Ash was that Halflings weren’t bad in themselves any more than all men were bad, or all people who wore street-pinks were shallow. Halflings had more opportunity to be bad, that was all. They had hard starts in life, and the ones who lived in those parts of the Other had it harder still. Unlike many Halflings, they’d taken after their Fey parent and couldn’t live outside the Other at all. They would shrivel to nothing…like that poor little remnant of a person she’d just shoved back into the Borderlands.
She felt a terrible grief for the sudden death of the Halfling – a man, really, who hadn’t chosen to be who he was, or to be deadly allergic to the normal realm – and also the set-in fear that the Borderlands had come so close. It seemed obvious that Brosca had somehow manufactured that run in. And then there was the prick in her neck…
Coryn reached up and felt something small and spiky, like a thorn had stuck in her flesh. She pulled it out with a wince, then studied it curiously at first, then in dawning horror. It was a tiny black dart. It was only as long as her thumbnail, and really did look like a thorn, but she’d seen one of these before, back at the Chosen Compound less than a year earlier. They were used for death; the sort when the shooter didn’t want anyone to know it was them, because the darts were tipped with a very slow-acting venom from a snake only found on the Borderlands.
 Don’t touch, Coryn! That thing will kill you, Kamile had scolded. There’s no antidote to the venom of the black border-snake. You’ll feel fine, maybe a bit tired, then weeks or months later your heart will stop.
Coryn had listened, and she’d kept far, far away from those deceptively small, burrlike darts. But now the choice had been taken away from her. Funny, she thought despairingly, because now she actually cared whether she lived or died. It was a shame this couldn’t have happened right after Kamile and Trennan’s murders, when death would have seemed like a relief.
She dropped the dart onto the concrete then kicked it into the gutter. Ash hadn’t seemed to have noticed any of it.
“That thing,” Coryn finally replied, “was a person. Just a person.” 



The town square, Iversley, Angland 1558 AD

Mayhap I should not have called the cardinal a prating gobermouch, Anne thought. Or Lord Pemberley the veriest fopdoodle. Or the whole lot of them stupid, disgraceful, superstitious fools who’ll be mocked by future generations for their fear and violence…
Hmm. Mayhap she should learn to hold her tongue, although it could be too late for that now.
Anne twisted her head, trying to free herself from the gag, but ’twas bound too tightly. They’d even shoved a wad of foul-tasting cloth in her mouth before tying it. And then they’d tied her legs, and her hands behind her back, and they’d picked her up and shoved her out here next to a pig stall! while the crowd roiled and swore, and those in charge undertook a furious conversation. They’d feared to leave her alone, thinking she would disappear. Forsooth, she would have if she could!
Stupid sentinel bug. This was all its fault for leading her to this place. It had been her home, but now she was surrounded by people who…well, seemed to hate her.
“The woman is a witch!” someone bellowed from behind her. “’Tis a most evident truth!”
“Now, now,” Sir Robert said placatingly. Although at first he’d been most grim, he now seemed to be trying to tame the fire that had been set. Metaphorically, that was, for to Anne’s relief there was not yet any real fire. “There is no evidence of witchcraft at all. It seems that Lady Anne has merely been led astray.”
“But her husband! She said he was eaten by dragons!”
Sir Robert looked awkward. “We do not know that he was not.”
The cardinal cleared his throat. He was a slender man, clean-shaven and with a slightly hooked nose, and he wore the rather splendid vestments of the Universal Church. But ’twas not his appearance that caused Anne upset, nor his calm manner. ‘’Twas his method of pronouncing the most terrible fates over people without blinking an eye. Then he said, “There is little evidence of true witchcraft, or at least the kind that would merit death.”
Some of the crowd booed. Others cheered. 
“But.” 
And now there was silence except for the grunting of the nearby pigs, and the sound of Anne’s own hoarse breathing through the gag.
“There is one crime of which she may rightfully be accused, and that is heresy. Heresy, the most dreadful, detestable and wicked of crimes.” He turned dramatically towards Anne’s awkward resting place. “How do you plead, woman? Will you recant your crimes against the Universal Church?”
Anne’s eyes widened at suddenly being the centre of attention. “Mmmghhffmm.” A moment later someone pulled the gag from her mouth. She spat out the wad of cloth, grimacing at the dryness of her mouth. ‘Which crimes?’ she tried to ask, but it sounded more like ‘wiff kimes’.
Oh Amaranthus. Help, help, help!
“Heresy!” the cardinal snapped. “You said yourself earlier that the Eternal One cared not whether this great nation followed the true Universal Church, or the heretical and deviant Protestor Church of Angland. You stated that he only cared that we follow him at all. Is this correct?”
Anne swallowed. “Well…I may have said something to that effect…”
“HERESY!” the cardinal shouted, and the crowd behind her burst into chaos. 
“WILL YOU NOT LET ME FINISH?!” she shouted right back. And then to her most earnest surprise, everyone quietened.
“Go on, then!” someone called from the crowd.
Anne swallowed, then looked around at all those interested, eager faces. Some looked fearful, others gleeful. In that moment she saw her choices clearly. One was to recant – to say whatever ’twas that would earn her freedom, and damn the truth. The other choice…the dangerous choice…was to speak of what she now knew. Because what about these people here? Did they not deserve to know the truth of the world in which they lived? 
“Well,” she said in a small voice. Then she cleared her throat and tried again, reminding herself that she was a lady, and not afraid of anyone. And then she began to speak.
But who would have thought that her own simple words might bring about such a riot?



Lile, 2598 AD

A poison dart. After every-freaking-thing that had happened these past few months, she’d been shot with a poison dart. 
Well, Coryn thought grimly as she strode away from the border-portal, that also settled the question of when or if she would attend to those clues. The choice had been taken away from her. If she didn’t do it in the next few weeks, she wouldn’t do it at all.
But she had a new accessory. A weird, badly-dressed one who’d followed her right into the Borderlands, and who she’d decided to trust for the time being. But whether the girl would be useful? That was a different question.
“Where are we going now?” Ash asked brightly, almost skipping to keep up with Coryn’s steps. Ash wasn’t short, but Coryn had always been able to move fast.
“Back to the food cart. I need to call Aras and let him know I’m…alive, but I left my link there when I ran.” 
“Sorry about that,” Ash said humbly. “I didn’t know you’d react so, er…”
“Dramatically?” Coryn reached the first set of elevators that would take them from second to third level where the cart currently was. Deias knew how the Borderlands had taken them so far, but that was how the Other worked, wasn’t it? Its rules were not the rules of the normal realm. “You weren’t to know my background. So, what are your skills?”
“Pardon?”
“You’re here to help me, aren’t you? What makes you qualified to help?”
There was a silence while the otherwise empty lift carried them up multiple storeys within the levels, and Ash’s eyebrows drew together in a frown. Finally she replied, “Well, I can fly-”
“So can everyone with a set of anti-grav wings.”
“I don’t know what those are,” Ash said with dignity. “Unless you mean the glowing bands I keep seeing children wearing. But I can fly, except apparently not in the Borderlands, and I don’t need help to do it. I also can see the future.”
Despite Coryn’s grim mood, she found herself interested. “Oh? What’s my future, then?”
“Well…I can’t see all the future, all the time. I just see what’s about to happen, right in time to make a change and avoid it.” 
Coryn let out a disbelieving huff, unsure of whether she believed her or not. “Convenient.”
“It was how I avoided being shot by that big guy- I mean, Aras,” Ash said defensively. “It was a gift from Amaranthus. I don’t control it, but it shows up when I really need it. It helped me to find you in this whole massive city, so that’s got to be worth something.”
Fair point.
Sounding encouraged, Ash added, “And I’ve got a really, really good grasp of history, because I’ve – well, I just do know a little about a lot of things.”
Except for here, apparently. “Why?”
“What do you mean, why?” Ash replied. 
“Why do you have a good grasp of history?” Coryn repeated as she stepped off the lift and turned a corner sharply enough that Ash had to swerve to keep up. “And how will that help me?”
Ash’s mouth opened and shut silently like a fish out of water. “You don’t make anything easy, do you?”
That hadn’t answered Coryn’s question, but they’d reached the cart now, and Coryn waited for the scanner-lock to recognise her before opening the door. There was her link, almost hidden underneath the oven where it had fallen. She picked it up, fitting it into her ear. “Why should I make it easy when I still have no idea who you are past the name you’ve given me, or where you’re from, or how you expect to help me. I’ve been…” 
Just then Coryn choked just a little, checking that no one was within hearing distance. “I’ve been running for my life,” she continued in an angry whisper. “Because people think I have things that I don’t have, and because I was mixed up in something I never wanted to know about. And here you come along, all bouncy and dressed wrong and not even being able to read, and yes, I did work that out, and you want me to just accept that?”
Ash was standing there looking dumbstruck, and her face very pale. “What if you don’t believe me?” she said finally. “Most people don’t at first.”
“That’s up to me to decide, isn’t it?” And then Coryn tapped on the link. “Aras.”
“Coryn!” he practically shouted. “Where are you? Are you alright?”
“I’m fine. I’m back at the cart along with a new…friend. I’ll wait for Vika to start her shift, and I’ll meet you at your apartment in half an hour.”
He sounded unconvinced. “You’re not under duress?”
Who even used that word? “No, I’m not under duress,” Coryn replied impatiently. “Thirty minutes.” Then she ended the link. “Alright, Ashlea O’Reilly-Seymour. Who are you, and where are you from?”
There was a long pause. “I’m a time traveller,” Ash replied eventually, twisting the hem of her ugly shirt anxiously between her fingers. “I travel through gateways – portals, really – that take me from one time and place to another, and I never know where I end up. I just try to follow Amaranthus’s instructions as I go, and they’re often limited.”
Huh. That was a new one.
“And I speak all languages once I’ve heard them for a bit,” Ash continued, speaking a bit faster, “So that’s a skill, isn’t it? Although my first language is Anglish, so that’s the only one I can read and write in. Well, and a little bit of Frencine, and a tiny bit of Te Reio. I just can’t read whatever your language is. And I know that if Amaranthus told me to find you and help you, then it was for a reason, even though we don’t yet know what it was. And you don’t have to believe me, and you don’t have to like me, but I’d really appreciate if you didn’t push me away until we’ve at least found out why I’m here.” She finished the long speech with an audible huff of breath.
There was a long silence as Coryn pondered that. Out of everyone in this supposedly Sec country, she knew that there was more to the world than what could simply be seen or felt. She’d wondered if time travel might be possible if one had enough power, although Brosca had vetoed it. “The Fey- Creatures say time travel is impossible.”
“For them it is,” Ash said. “So it would make sense that they wouldn’t want you to try. And really, it’s mostly impossible. It’s extremely rare, but it does happen.”
“Hmm.” There was another long pause where Coryn distracted herself by pouring a scoopful of the pre-made pancake batter onto the griddle. It hissed appealingly, and she quickly scattered a mix of flavourings over the rapidly cooking surface. “I can’t comment on the time travel thing, but the language is Lilluanian. You’re speaking it right now.” 
Ash brightened. “Oh, Lilluania, I know where that is. One of the Baltane states, right? Part of the old Socialist bloc.” 
“I don’t know what that is, but this is the Secular Republic of Lile. That means you should be careful about what you say, and how you say it.” It was a reminder to Coryn herself. They’d already said too much. She told Ash that, and the girl nodded. 
“Not a problem.” Ash was watching the now cooked pancake with an intense longing, and to top it off, her stomach made a noisy grumble. “Oh, I’m sorry.”
“I take it you’re hungry,” Coryn said drily. “You wouldn’t happen to have any credits, would you?”
“I’ve got these.” Ash pulled a series of silver and copper discs out of her pockets, as well as a couple of crumpled pieces of paper. “Maybe the silver might be some good?”
“So no credits, then.” Coryn had already figured that part out for herself. She folded the pancake in a biodegradable wrap, then handed it over the counter. “Here you go. A peace offering.”
Ash blushed. “Thank you.” Then a few moments later; “This is amazing. What’s in it?”
It was Aras’s secret recipe, so Coryn wouldn’t be telling the exact details. “It’s a traditional Lilluanian pancake. Flour, sugar, meat-”
“There’s meat in this?”
“Can’t taste it, can you? But these sorts of pancakes always have meat. It bumps up the price a bit.”
Just then Vika ambled up to the cart, her bright orange hair shining in the sunlight. Last week it had been blue – but then she always liked to push the boundaries of fashion. “Hey, Coryn. Shift’s over.”  She gave Ash a curious glance (the girl really did look odd in those old-fashioned clothes) but covered it up with a polite smile. Customers were customers after all – and little did Vika know Ash hadn’t even paid.
“Give me two minutes and I’ll be out.”



Ash devoured the pancake as though she hadn’t eaten in days. It felt like she hadn’t, although logic told her it had been mere hours since she’d left Lunden, 1818. The pancake left her feeling full – mostly – but now there was another pressing physical need. 
“Is there a bathroom around here?”
“She wants to bathe?” the orange-haired girl asked Coryn in an undertone. “Now?”
“Water closet. Garderobe. Restroom. Whatever you call it,” Ash repeated impatiently, feeling her cheeks redden. “Please.”
“Just down the road there,” Coryn directed. “That grey booth. I’ll be done in a minute.”
But when Ash was done (and feeling really quite a lot better) Coryn was still muddling around in the stall, talking with the orange-haired girl. Ash sat herself down on a bench opposite to wait. She noticed someone had left an item on the bench – a small gold tube about as long as her hand, with black circles on either end. After quickly checking no one was watching, she picked it up to study it curiously. “What are you?” she mused.
Coryn must have had hearing like a dog, because she broke off from her conversation with the other girl to explain. “It’s a kids’ toy. You look through one end.” 
“Oh.” A sort of spyglass, maybe, or one of those kaleidoscopes that they had back in the twenty-first century, where you’d turn it and see all kinds of wonderful patterns. But when Ash lifted it to her eye, there were no patterns. She simply saw the world around her with a new sheen of colour, every movement sparkling like they were covered in jewels. Orange-girl’s head became a shining topaz, and Coryn moved one arm, dragging behind a wave of diamonds. 
“Ooh. Pretty.”
“It is, isn’t it?” The pleasant male voice came from the bench right next to Ash, and it so startled her that she almost dropped the spyglass. Then she saw it was just a guy, one she hadn’t noticed sitting there until now. He was an average white male beginning to leave youth behind, with a thick pair of glasses perched on his nose, a friendly round face, and a slouchy jumper. The whole effect seemed innocuous, even though he glowed in shades of purple, red and white through the spyglass’s lens. 
Ash smiled, lowering the spyglass so she could see him properly. But once she’d lowered it, she couldn’t see him at all. She was alone on the bench. “What the…?”
She raised the spyglass again, and there was the man again, this time standing right in front of her with a hand outstretched as if to shake her own. “Hi, I’m Cobie, your new friend. What’s your name?”
Ash laughed, but she didn’t take his hand. “Oh, you’re part of the toy. And here I thought it was just about colour.”
Cobie grinned back. In the odd light from the lens he appeared to be connected to the stall behind, and his figure blurred. “Do you know what I can do?”
“All kinds of things, I imagine,” Ash replied drily. She knew it was only a toy, but she’d never met one so interactive. She’d enjoy it while she had the chance.
“Who’s she talking to?” the orange-haired girl muttered to Coryn. “Chaos, Corr, your friend is weird.”
Ash ignored her. “Alright then, what can you do?”
Cobie grinned wider, and he began to perform what might have been a dance: his arms waving and legs kicking out sideways. It looked ridiculous even through the shimmering lights of the spyglass, and Ash felt herself laughing. She was distracted enough that she almost didn’t notice how behind Cobie another identical copy was standing over at the stall next to Coryn. 
Almost, but she did notice. She saw how the second Cobie was leaning right into Coryn with his hand cupped around her temple, and his mouth was right at her neck, almost like a…well, like a terrible imitation of an old movie vampire, except that he was too round-faced and soft-looking. Vampires should be angular and brooding, not like Father Ecksmas’s clean-shaven younger brother. It should have seemed silly, but there was suddenly a pale, green quality to the light that sent cold shivers up Ash’s spine. She lowered the spyglass, and there was Coryn, standing alone and scratching irritably at the back of her neck. 
“What is it?” she asked Ash. “Who do you keep talking to?”
Ash just looked at her. “I don’t think I like this children’s toy. That Cobie is creepy.”
“Who?” the orange-haired girl asked from back in the stall, but Coryn’s eyes widened. She stepped out of the stall, moving towards Ash intently. 
“Who is Cobie, Ash?”
Ash looked down at the spyglass in her hand dubiously before carefully setting it back on the bench. “The character in the toy, the one you see when you look through it. That’s the name he gave me, anyway.”
Behind them the other girl stifled a laugh, but Coryn’s eyes widened further. “There aren’t any characters in those toys, Ash. They just make things look pretty.”
Feeling the hairs stand up on the back of her neck, Ash once again lifted the spyglass to her eye. And there he was, right in front of her and filling her view, still wearing that same harmless smile. Ash jolted and almost dropped it. “I’m telling you, there’s someone there. Have a look for yourself.”
But Coryn wouldn’t touch it. “What does he look like?”
“Ordinary. Round face, thick-framed glasses, smiles a lot.” Ash stared at Coryn. “Are you seriously telling me there’s not supposed to be anyone visible in the spyglass?” Or even worse, two of them – and one had a nasty sense of humour.
Coryn shook her head adamantly, and behind her the orange-haired girl was beginning to look interested. As for Ash, a horrible thought was coming to mind. It wasn’t from what she could see, but it was from what she felt. Something was wrong.
Then another idea came into Ash’s head; a possible solution, and slowly she raised the spyglass to her eye once more. “Amaranthus,” she said clearly. That name had worked before with Creatures, forcing them away like a physical weapon.
The dancing Cobie flickered and twitched, but his grin didn’t shift. Except his whole face was now unnaturally wide…and behind his figure that almost filled her view, the faint vampire-Cobie was still hunched right over Coryn like a living cloak, cupping her forehead and with his mouth against her neck. 
Creature.
Revulsion and fury rose up in Ash. “Amaranthus says get away from her, Cobie!”
His grinning figure in the foreground was still flickering and fading, and Ash knew it was only illusion. The real figure was in the background over Coryn, growing clearer and stronger and more vile moment by moment… “That’s not my name,” it sung, and the false-Cobie blinked out of sight. It shared the same wide grin, though. “And I don’t answer to you, girl.”
Ugh. Even though it felt like every hair on Ash’s body now stood on end, she lifted her chin and put all of her belief behind her next statement. “It’s the name you gave me, so it’s the name you’ll answer to. And I’ve got the authority of Amaranthus. I am his friend, and he’s stronger than you. So I’m telling you Cobie, you get away from Coryn, NOW!”
Suddenly its grin slipped and the hulking figure skidded backwards, away from Coryn and away from them both, as if dragged by a massive hand. A chasm opened in the colourful sky, sucking the Creature inside, then slamming shut behind it, leaving a narrow line where it had been. But there was still a string of power linked from that chasm to the spyglass Ash held.
She put it down very carefully, the same way you’d put down a box with a venomous spider inside. “It’s linked to the spyglass,” she said slowly, trying not to freak out. Argh argh argh argh argh, there was a Creature right there! “Even though it’s gone, I think it could come back.”
Orange-haired Girl was watching with the kind of bemused fascination you’d give to someone performing a rain dance in the middle of Lunden. She clearly thought Ash was mad.
But Coryn responded quite differently. Her face was white and her jaw tight, and she said, “Throw it away.”
But Ash must have been too slow, because Coryn pulled her sleeve down to cover her hand, picked up the spyglass from the bench, then threw it off the edge of the level as far as she could. They watched as it sailed a fair distance through the air before smashing into a building over the other side of the chasm/road, then fell to land out of sight. Coryn barely watched it go, then gestured for Ash to follow. “Come on.”
“Vika is a Sec,” Coryn said finally, once they’d walked a fair distance from the food cart, and Orange-haired Girl couldn’t hear anymore. “She already heard too much, but hopefully she just thinks you’re crazy. But I haven’t been feeling well for days, and that conduit could have been there all that time. I didn’t even see it until you pointed it out.”
Heh, Vika might think Ash was crazy – but she was getting used to people reacting to her that way. And while Ash hadn’t heard such a thing called a ‘conduit’ before, she understood what it must mean in the context. Some kind of link for a Creature to access the normal realm. “How did you know?”
“It didn’t feel right. But I never picked up what the problem was, not until you described Co- the thing’s appearance. There was a Fey that went by that name, one that was a messenger for other more powerful Fey, and when I saw him once that was how he looked. So, so very harmless…” She let out a deep breath. “What was he doing?”
“Um…biting your neck, mostly. And holding your head.”
“My head?”
“Yeah, like this.” Ash mimed the action, trying to suppress her revulsion as she remembered how ‘Cobie’ had changed when she’d said Amaranthus’s name, and the way it had stood over Coryn. “Can Creatures read minds, do you think?”
Coryn was dead white, and her jaw tight. “Brosca used to, but she had to be touching me.”
There was a silence as they took that in. Ash wondered what Coryn knew that the Creatures wanted, and whether they’d got that information from her. “It seems you do need some help after all.”
“I never said I didn’t. I just said you might not be able to help me.” Coryn paused. “But maybe I was wrong. Come with me, and I’ll tell you what I need.”

5.     The Sleepers

Ash followed Coryn through the massive, chaotic city, trying not to stare at her surroundings. The colourful clothes – the buildings – the flying cars! She suppressed a little thrill of excitement, thinking of how she’d have a great story to tell when she saw George again. He still hadn’t responded to her voicemail, but it had only been a few hours. Maybe they could come here together sometime. They could call it a second honeymoon, since the first – a few days in a hotel – probably didn’t count.
Then Coryn stopped suddenly, and Ash found herself almost walking into the other girl’s back. “What are we doing?”
“It’s what you are doing,” Coryn retorted, pointing at a nearby shop. Stacks and stacks of clothing hung tightly packed together, all sorts of colours, all sorts of shapes. “I don’t know how long you’ll be here, but you need to wear clothes that make you stand out less.”
Ash looked down at herself meekly. She’d thought that her stableboy outfit was dull, but not too offensive. Apparently she’d been wrong.
“It’s the colour and the fabric,” Coryn elaborated. “They’re not terribly strange, but they don’t fit, either. Besides, they’re loose in all the wrong places.”
“Oh. Alright.” 
Ten minutes later Ash was wearing a new shirt – light blue, and of a much stiffer fabric, which still managed to be comfortable – and a set of trousers which were very high-waisted to wear over the shirt, but then billowed loosely from mid-thigh, almost like a dress. Anne would like this, she thought, and she much preferred it to the puffball-style clothing she’d seen some locals wearing. “Thank you, Coryn. I’ll find a way to pay you back.”
Coryn shook her head. “Don’t worry about it. I don’t need the money.”
“But-”
“Don’t worry about it,” she repeated. “You’re going to help me, remember? I just need to make sure you don’t get pulled up before you can.”
When Coryn put it that way, it seemed fair enough. So with Ash dressed in her new outfit and with her old one in a bag (since she expected that she might need to use it again) she followed Coryn through the city for what seemed an inordinate amount of time. “I’m sure it’s been more than half an hour,” she pointed out finally. “Weren’t we meant to go to your friend’s house?” I.e. the one who’d tried to shoot her repeatedly, and looked rather like an angry blond action figure?
“I linked him when you were trying on those clothes,” Coryn replied casually. “We’ve got to go somewhere else first. I need to see some people, and you- well, I’ll explain when we get there.”
They did a mixture of walking and using public transport, which to Ash was a dreadful waste of the chance to fly. Here, it seemed that if she just strapped bands to her wrists and ankles, no one would look at her twice. She couldn’t say the same for Angland, either in George’s or her own time.  
Their destination was an old mobile home, sitting plum in the middle of ‘the Empty Zone’, as Coryn dramatically called it, in the middle of an even emptier section, surrounded by rubbish. It looked like an old rusted box on half-broken stiltlike legs – and that was putting it politely. 
Coryn ducked inside the doorway, then called back out to Ash. “Come on in.”
Inside wasn’t as bad, Ash thought. It was small, a bit worn-looking, but neat and definitely liveable. Coryn walked down to the end of the room where a small door was set into the wall, then pointed at it. “You see this?”
Ash studied it curiously. “Ah…it’s a door. Another exit?”
Coryn shook her head. “Not exactly.” Then she opened the door, and against all probability it was so much bigger on the inside, and full of what looked like giant medicine capsules…or upright coffins. They were lined up in rows along the walls and through the centre of the hidden room, each shimmering faintly with golden light.
“Ooh…” It was the Other, no doubt, and part of the Mountain of Glass, although a part Ash had never seen before. 
Coryn picked up a small bag that was sitting on the ground inside the hidden room. “Now, inside this bag is something that I do need help with, because I haven’t been able to find the answers yet. But this is extremely precious, and must be kept safe. I have to quickly meet with some people, but I’ll be only half an hour or so. Will you stay here? I promise it’s safe, especially if you stay inside that room. The Fey never seem to find it.”
“Creatures,” Ash corrected. “And that’s because they can’t come into the Mountain.” She was still staring at the Other room, and thinking that if Coryn had taken her here then she really must trust her after all. 
Coryn paused on her way out of the door. “Pardon?”
Seeing her haste, Ash waved her hand dismissively. “Never mind, I’ll tell you later. You go to your meeting, alright?”
“OK. I’ll be back, but don’t leave that room!”
“I promise I won’t,” Ash assured her, and that seemed enough. Coryn nodded once more, then left.
Once she’d gone, Ash stepped inside the second, supernatural room, and began studying those big capsule things more closely. They seemed to be empty. It reminded her of a spaceship in an old science fiction movie she’d once seen. It hadn’t been like the awful VR one, but a real adventurer; where people had so far to go that they’d have to sleep the journey away in suspended animation or they’d die of old age before they even got halfway there. That was less creepy than Ash would have expected, and she decided to see just how far this room went. 
But at the end of the room was yet another door. She wanted to open it, but she was also curious as to what was out in the mobile home itself. Just one minute, she promised herself, because what could go wrong? 
So Ash wandered through the other small room, poked into cupboards and so forth enough to note the minor differences from her own time, and then stuck her head out of the main door to check that no one else was around. There wasn’t, and the mobile home was less interesting than she’d expected, so she went back into the second, supernatural room. But there, there was nothing to do except look inside the bag (which she hadn’t been given permission to do) or take a peek through the next door…
She opened the door.



Missed her because of a toilet break? Mortimer had to admit that after twenty-three days of staking out the mobi-home and not seeing a glimpse of his prey, he had become a little slack. He’d started to wonder if she was even coming back. But then today he’d stopped to find a private spot (since in this weak mortal body he still required bowel movements) and then as he was returning to his vantage point, he had seen a dark head poke out of the doorway, look around, then pull back inside.
He’d jolted upright, but he’d known it hadn’t been the blonde girl the Creature wanted to find. Still, he did recognise that face, and it seemed unbelievable that the time traveller from Iversley so long before should be here in Lile, 2598 AD. It looked like the Creature had been right after all.
That ordinary, clueless, irrationally lucky girl had been almost singlehandedly responsible for removing Seyen Johannis from power. Of course she’d just been their enemy’s pawn, but that didn’t make her any less valuable for power-gathering…or for revenge.
Moving into an almost invisible mode, Mortimer silently slipped down from the building towards the mobi-home, then as carefully as he could, opened the door. He had his stun-gun ready in his hand, and with the alter-power that he’d added to it, it would pack a jolt enough to knock anyone out.
The door creaked, damn it. Knowing the noise must have warned the girl, Mortimer leapt through, swinging the gun about the small room as he looked for her. But she was nowhere to be seen. Not in the toilet cubicle, under the bed or in the small closet…nowhere.
He frowned, narrowing his eyes thoughtfully. He’d had this happen before. Back in Iversley, he had been sure that he’d seen another of the time travellers, a redhead, and then when he’d walked up to her she’d disappeared. In hindsight it was clear that she had merely been hidden from view, and the thought that he could have found her if he’d tried hard enough really nagged. This time he wouldn’t give in.
But twenty minutes later, having scanned every single inch of the mobi-home several times over, Mortimer had to conclude that he’d been fooled again. Somehow she’d escaped, although where to he had no idea. That Chaos-stricken Creature was no help, either, since the moment before he’d seen the time traveller it had disappeared, and hadn’t come back no matter how much he called for it.
Fine. He didn’t like it anyway, and he would sort this out himself. By waiting. Again. And this time, he wouldn’t miss them.



The Mountain of Glass

Elspeth stood in one of the shining glass bathrooms, checking her teeth were free of whatever she’d eaten for lunch, when suddenly a figure materialised beside her in a burst of light. “Eek!” 
“Never fear!” the glowing figure said cheerfully. “’Tis I, Anne, back from my travels across time and space.”
Elspeth squinted into the light doubtfully. “Since when do you glow like a lightning strike?”
The light receded until ’twas simply Anne, smaller than even Elspeth, and with the same pale skin and oval face. But unlike Elspeth, Anne had deeply red hair and dark brown eyes. At this very moment she was smiling widely, and she looked lovelier than Elspeth had ever seen her.
Hmm. “Have you whitened your teeth again?” Elspeth asked curiously. “Or been gifted new abilities by Amaranthus?”
“Guess again!”
Elspeth didn’t answer, and Anne rolled her eyes. “Oh, very well, ’twas the latter. But I also have achieved my goal. I rescued Francois and returned him to his love, the Comtesse D’Auran, and I have also discovered what the gate-bugs truly do.” She scrunched up her nose. “I would not recommend you ever follow a gate-bug again, Bethie.”
Elspeth, Jon and Anne had recently completed a quest to save Jon’s friends, who were all in the most dreadful danger back in eighteenth century Frencia. With the help of the sentinel-gate-bug, the trio had used multiple remnant gateways to transport his friends across the Channel to Angland. The sisters and Jon had returned to the Mountain, at which point Anne had gone rushing off again on another, seemingly ill-advised mission of her own.
“Amaranthus said they try to keep people in their own times,” Elspeth pointed out. “But you had already rushed off, so you did not hear.” She still felt a little irritated about that, as well as the way Anne had not cared to learn about her own new abilities. 
“Mm. Yes. They do.”
Beth turned to stare at her in surprise. “So did you return home?”
“Mm. Yes.”
“And...?” Elspeth prodded. “What happened? I do hope you were not harmed.”
Anne didn’t blink. Instead she stood beside Elspeth, linking one arm around her waist, and smiling at their reflections in the mirror. “Not at all. Some people made a dreadful fuss, as one might expect, but then I left. I shall not return. Have you noticed that you are taller than me now, Bethie?”
“Oh. Good,” Elspeth said, shaken by the sudden change of subject. But z’wounds, she was most pleased to hear her sister was unharmed. It could have been much, much worse. She smiled back. “And yes, I am taller now, am I not? Jon says the same.” But he also said ’twas not harder to be taller than Anne, who he considered a sort of elf-person at only five feet tall. Beth thought he meant it kindly. Probably. But she kept it to herself, just in case Anne thought otherwise.
Her sister smiled slyly as though she knew Elspeth’s thoughts, then her eyebrows shot up. “Oh Bethie, I forgot to congratulate you on your new abilities! I understand what it means now, that you possess a fire that burns away evil. You shall use it to most wonderful effect.”
“I will? Yes, I will! Er…when?”
Anne shrugged. She smiled at her reflection as though checking her teeth, then turned back to Elspeth. “Soon, but in the very distant future.”
“Ooh. How do you know?”
Another shrug. “Amaranthus told me. Now if you will excuse me, dearest sister, I have somewhere I must be.” Anne leaned in and kissed Elspeth quickly on the cheek. Then there was a flash of light and she vanished once again, this time into the bathroom wall.
Elspeth was left blinking in the light-filled bathroom: happy to be acknowledged for her own gifts, but a little confused. Since when could Anne walk through walls?



Ash gave in to curiosity and opened the door on the far side of the Other capsule room, as she was now thinking of it. On the other side was just another room almost identical to the first, except this time much smaller, perhaps only with ten capsules rather than the last one’s fifty.
Well, that was interesting, but Ash had no idea what it meant. Then on the far wall of that room, she saw yet another door, and then realised there was one on the right-hand wall as well. Thinking she’d be best to stick with the easiest way to retrace her path, and prickling with curiosity, she went through the one opposite. This led to yet another small room full of capsules, and had even more doorways. 
She went through the door opposite again, but the next room it led to wasn’t small. It was enormous, with thousands of capsules stretching out in either direction, but with yet another door on the other side… And then the room after that was smaller, but still large, perhaps with hundreds of capsules…and then the next was small again, and then the next different again…
After about the tenth room Ash stopped walking. There didn’t seem to be any rhyme or reason to what she was seeing; just these rooms of varying sizes, filled with glass-like capsules stacked upright in rows through each room and around the walls. Who knew how far this went? 
She sighed, looking around her with frustrated curiosity. She was certain it was a part of the Mountain of Glass, and wondered how far she’d have to walk to reach the Mountain proper, with its garden and city. She’d only had one too-brief visit, and had always hoped to be able to return. Besides, she’d love a good chat with Anne, to find out what she’d been doing all this time – and to let her know that she and George had got married. That was kind of a big deal.
Ash decided to try one more door, this time one of the side ones. If there was nothing new to see, she’d go back to the mobi-home. After all, it wouldn’t do for Coryn to find her missing after those firm instructions she’d given her, would it? 
She opened the new door, but was disappointed to see it was just more of the same, except perhaps these capsules had a glow to them that the others didn’t. Curious, Ash moved closer to the nearest. If she squinted, there almost seemed to be a face in there… 
“Eek!”
It was a face. A sleeping face, visible through the misty glass, and glowing as if it was made of light – causing the entire capsule to glow too. That was strange since their skin was dark, and Ash had never been able to imagine darkness glowing. But it did, and rather than being afraid, she just stared in wonder at what was the most beautiful face she had ever seen. But if it – he – opened his eyes, she was probably going to wet herself.
It was funny that she knew in herself that he wasn’t dead. He was alive, very, very alive, even though he wasn’t moving a muscle. Who was it? she wondered. Clearly not human, since no human was so lovely and shining. 
Ash moved along the rows, studying the people sleeping within their chambers. Male, female… They were of all races and had all kinds of facial features, but they were also all young, and all very beautiful. Ash remembered hearing once that the hideous Creatures had originally been Amaranthus’s people, but had mutinied against him and had been banished. Then, gone from the source of their life, they had basically become the living dead, only far smarter and without the desire to eat brains. Yuck.   
Perhaps these here were his other people, she pondered, the ones who hadn’t turned against him? Although they were much better looking than he was. Not that he was plain, Ash amended hastily (for even in her own thoughts she knew she wasn’t always alone). He was just extremely ordinary-looking, even a bit old. Not like these here, and she’d bet a year’s wages that these were his people in some way.
Hmm. For the first time Ash wondered if the person she saw as Amaranthus was even what he truly looked like. 
AmaranthusisDeias! 
Oh yeah, that was right. She thought. And if it was, then she probably hadn’t seen his real self. If she ever did then her eyes would probably explode, she thought with some humour.
Ash did a double take as she passed the next capsule. Wow, that was the most beautiful boy she’d ever seen. About her own age, he looked like a golden-haired angel, and reminded her of one of the Nobles she’d had the misfortune of running into – the adopted son of Seyen Johannis. Sheer coincidence, clearly, because this sleeping figure had a peaceful purity that the Nobles never could have borne. He even had a dopey half-smile on his face, as though whatever he was dreaming about was good. 
Grinning to herself, she moved to study the next figure…and her jaw dropped in shock. If the last had looked like Seyen’s son, this one looked like the boy’s father, Janeus. He had the same big, dark-lashed eyes, now closed in sleep, and the subtle shape of his chin was all that kept him from looking like a darker version of his son. As she watched, he stretched a little as though moving in his sleep, then smiled briefly. A dimple appeared in one cheek. 
No way. No way was that Janeus, Ash told herself firmly. He was supposed to be eaten by Creatures or something, not floating about looking like an actual immortal, and clearly with everything alright in his world.
But then a quiet thought popped in that actually, Ash and George had dragged Janeus through the doorway away from the Creatures, and the silver door had slammed shut after them. They’d lost Janeus, yes, but it wasn’t until after they’d escaped. Unless Amaranthus had shoved the man back out of the Mountain as he had done to George and her, then Janeus was somewhere inside.
Ash scowled at the sleeping figure, unable to forget the man who’d almost killed her and George. OK, so he wasn’t the first to try that, but she felt justified in holding a grudge. If that was Janeus – and that was a big ‘if’ – then she didn’t know what on earth or in the Other realm Amaranthus thought he was doing. Hadn’t he heard of justice?
She pressed her hand against the casing of the capsule. To her surprise the glass-stuff around her fingers began to glow white-gold. She pulled her hand away in shock, then curiously set it back again. Where she touched it, spiralling text began to appear. It read, ‘passage paid’.
Now that just made her scowl even more. Passage to where, exactly? 
Then the casing under her hand began to flex and soften, rather like a water bed, and suddenly her hand was moving right through to the inside of the capsule. She watched in stricken fascination as her fingers moved closer and closer to possibly-Janeus’s sleeping face, and finally poked him in the temple.
Zing. 
Suddenly Ash was enveloped by far-sight or what seemed like the most intense vision she’d ever had. There was bright gold light everywhere, too bright for her to see clearly, and the sense of being in a garden. It was like the Mountain of Glass, but even more amazing, if that was possible: like if the Mountain had been a paper cut-out and this was the far-superior real thing. And there was the man right beside her, part of a colossal crowd of people that she couldn’t see the ends of. 
She could feel his mind and his emotions as though they surrounded him like a cloud, like they were a tangible thing, and the same with the others surrounding her. Their consciousnesses all overlapped, all of it bright and beautiful and fascinating and without a hint of ugliness, and Ash knew that her own mind barely understood a fraction of it.
It was Janeus, but not as she’d known him – nor as anyone in the normal realm had known him. Even as she realised that, she looked across the surface of the crowd to where there was someone standing; someone even brighter and more marvellous – someone that she ought to have known. And that someone looked her right in the eye, and winked-
Ash gasped and pulled her hand away, then the vision receded and she was once more standing in the capsule room: her heart pounding in her ears and her fingers inches away from Janeus of Ciria’s sleeping face. The whole thing must have only lasted a couple of seconds, but she was shaking from it. Not fear, not adrenaline, but a glimmer of new understanding. She could sense Amaranthus’s presence as clearly as if he was standing beside her, and she knew in that moment that he had been the last person, the one who’d winked at her.
Wow. And her eyes hadn’t even exploded.
She very carefully removed her hand all the way from inside the capsule, but the words ‘passage paid’ remained on the foggy casing, and her fingers and wrist shimmered as though lightly dusted with gold. “I don’t know what that means,” she said to the not-quite-empty room, “but I think I’m starting to understand.”
Out of curiosity she touched her hand to the neighbouring capsule, the one with the beautiful blond boy. The same text came up. And then on the capsule next to that, and the one next to that…
Ash gave up. She got it; everyone’s passage was paid. Passage to that glowing golden place, and to what looked like a sort of rebirth. But what possible price could you pay for such a thing? What price could Janeus have paid? she wondered further.
But then she realised that what she had taken for her heart pounding in her ears, or for background noise from the room, was actually a sort of music. It didn’t have a precise tune, but seemed to fill the air beautifully and subtly. It was more the feeling of music through the whole place…like the building was alive, and the music was the sound of its heartbeat, or the blood rushing through its vast veins. The place was alive, and she knew that the life came from the sleepers, but also from the one who had made it. She just stood in awe for what seemed like hours, struck dumb at the majesty of what she could hear. It was even better than what she could see.
Finally Ash grew conscious of the passing time, and turned to go back to the mobi-home. She’d have to bring Coryn here, she resolved, if the girl hadn’t already been this far. But even as she thought that, something made her look up. Above her was an open hatch, round and filled with light, and as she looked she saw a ladder descend to touch the floor next to her.
“I’ll take that as a sign,” she said to the unseen hatch-opener. Up she climbed, and as she came through the hatch there was the most immense sense of warmth, and then she was standing on the roof of something completely new.
This wasn’t a place she had been to before. The Mountain of Glass was nowhere in sight, and above her was the brightest, most brilliant night sky she’d ever seen. There seemed barely a space without a star, and it was almost as bright as daylight, with a single, large, bright gold globe hovering over her. At first she thought it was the moon, but then realised that unlike the craters the moon held, this one was marked with intricate patterns, seeming to emanate out from one central point. Remembering the vision she’d just had of Janeus in that light-filled place, she felt certain that the globe must be was where he was even now. It had to be – but how could a person be in two places at once?
Just then the answer came to her, and it was so, so obvious. Freedom from time. That was enough to do almost anything, as true freedom from time almost meant freedom from ageing and death. You couldn’t grow old if time wasn’t passing. Perhaps you could even move in the space between seconds...
Then Ash looked around at where she stood. She’d thought of these capsule rooms as part of one huge building, but she’d been wrong. Instead she could now see they were like individual cells of different sizes. They didn’t even touch each other (which made the way she’d moved from room to room seem physically impossible) but hovered over the earth in a giant t-shape, disappearing around the curve of the horizon. It reminded her of one of those sci-fi films where aliens invade the earth en masse, their fleet of ships covering every city like a swarm of locusts. But perhaps that wasn’t right. Perhaps it was more like a dystopian film where the inhabitants of a dying planet prepared to leave for better surroundings…
The music was much louder up here too, and seemed to be made of a thousand different tunes that somehow melded together harmoniously. She was so high up here that it felt like she could see every city of the world. Now that was impossible – and frankly her eyesight wasn’t that good – but it was the Other realm, wasn’t it? The impossible became possible. Maybe she should have been afraid, but instead she was exhilarated. There was something about the light of that globe above that fizzed in her blood and took away her fear.
Just then far-sight kicked in and Ash saw herself jumping off the roof of the capsule room she stood on, and floating down to the city below like a butterfly on a breeze. Eh, why not? It wasn’t like the usual rules of physics were working at the moment. So she didn’t hesitate, stepping right off the edge.
As predicted, Ash floated down like…well, like a butterfly on a breeze, she supposed. She came to rest just above the city itself. It looked like the place she had visited earlier that day, all full of people in funny clothes and block-like buildings and activity, but there was something very different from her view here in the Other.
It was the thinness of the atmosphere. There was something about this place: a sense that the atmosphere was very low, like a weak bubble stretched out over the city. She felt like at any time gravity would vanish, and this would all break apart and drift off into space, like the whole city was a moment away from terrifying, total destruction. That was a strange thing to think, and Ash couldn’t even explain it to herself, but that was how she felt. She felt like this place had very limited time left to it, and like the fleet that was attached to the top of the city was the only hope of safety and avoiding death.
“Ash, the prophet of doom,” she said to herself, just a little jokingly. Then to the unseen operator, which was almost certainly Amaranthus (he had his finger in many pies) she said, “Could I go back now, please? This was interesting, but I’m feeling a little depressed.”
Another hatch opened in the side of the roof/ship, and through it she could see more of the capsules. With one last look at the beautiful planet-globe above her, she went through the hatch and found herself back in that first capsule room. The doorway to the mobile home was open as it had been when she came in, so she stood there in the first room with Coryn’s precious bag just inside the door, feeling a little bit stunned. The original doorway she’d taken into the second capsule room was nowhere to be seen. 
A moment later Coryn poked her head in from the mobile home. “Were you alright waiting?” 
Ash turned to stare at her a little numbly, noting that the girl looked pale and anxious about something. “Oh. I’m fine. I just…never mind. How about you? How was your meeting?” 
 “Good enough. I sorted what I needed to sort. Are you ready to go?”
Ash shrugged. She was still in a bit of a daze over what she’d just seen, but didn’t have any pressing reason to hang around. “Sure. I’ll take the bag, shall I?” 
She stepped out of the mobile home’s door a second before Coryn, and this time far-sight failed her. It felt like being struck with lightning, like a cross between electricity and alter-power went through her, and she fell to the ground, still twitching. Over the roaring sound in her ears she could hear a voice saying, “Coryn Regindotir. I’ve been looking for you.”



Coryn was shocked at how fast the man appeared, seemingly out of nowhere. Within a second he had shot Ash with some alter-powered weapon – which killed the suspicion that Ash was secretly an enemy – and then he turned his cold, grey gaze on her, and it was like being held in place. She couldn’t move, not one inch, and she couldn’t take her eyes off his. She could sense something Other nearby, something like back at the food cart…
“Pick up the girl,” he told her in what would have been a calm, pleasant voice had it not been so very cold, “and follow me.”
Even though Coryn had no intention of obeying, somehow she found herself bending down towards Ash anyway. It was like his words had taken control of her body, completely overriding her will. 
But not her mouth. “Why would you think I could manage that?” she argued desperately, trying to stop herself even as her arm slid under Ash’s waist. “She’s as tall as I am! We should just leave her here…” 
“I know what you are,” he repeated in that cold, cold voice. “You carry her.”
But then in spite of herself Coryn picked Ash up in a fireman’s lift, and followed the man miserably across the cracked concrete around the mobi-home. From behind she could see that he was very average in height and build, and his long brown hair was tied with a black cord at the nape of his neck.
Coryn was silent for a moment, trying to work out who this man was, and why he knew her. Almost nobody knew that secret. “How did you know I could carry her?”
He glanced back at her over his shoulder. His eyes were brilliant orange, and he said with a sneer, “Why do you think, Coryn Regina’s daughter?”
“Brosca!” Coryn choked out, horrified. “What…how…”
But then the man’s head twitched and his eyes flickered and turned back to grey. His face twisted in fury. “I told you to stop doing that!”
“I didn’t do anything,” Coryn whispered.
He turned on her in disgust. “Not you.”
Oh. He meant Brosca. “So you’re a carrier, then,” she said as calmly as she could manage, still struggling to regain her self-control. “One of Brosca’s servants.”
“Colleague,” the man corrected. “And you shouldn’t use VR so carelessly, and to what, make a meeting with your friends that you could have done just through your links?”
He’d found her through VR. Coryn’s heart sank at the realisation. Her last meeting had been just to say that there wouldn’t be any more meetings – mostly for the benefit of Jessica and Natalia who lived too far out of the city to meet in person. It hadn’t been worth it, because Natalia hadn’t even shown up.
The carrier led her towards a nearby building, one which looked so decrepit she thought no one would want to go near it. That was probably why he’d chosen it. Inside, he flicked on a light with a wave of his hand, revealing a hollow shell of an inner room. But that wasn’t where they stopped, moving on towards a door in the concrete floor, which revealed a flight of rough steps leading down to yet another lower room. Coryn didn’t know what was down there, but she did not want to go.
She dug her feet into the ground, putting all her strength into stiffening her knees, trying to stop herself from moving. For one beautiful moment it seemed like she had control back, but then she suddenly shot forward again, nearly stumbling. Ash catapulted over her shoulder, almost landing head first on the concrete, and Coryn let out a gasp as she grabbed her – an inch away from concussion.  
The man gave her another cold stare. “Stop that.”
“Amaranthus,” Coryn blurted out, thinking of how Ash had sent away that Creature away from the spyglass conduit, although a link had remained.
His eyes narrowed, then flickered orange – grey – orange. “That didn’t do much for your lover and your friend, did it?”
Coryn felt a moment of despair as she realised it hadn’t worked. But then why would it? Amaranthus didn’t give a damn about her: just look at the last six months of her life...
Just then a petite, redheaded girl appeared behind the carrier, between him and Coryn. As if in slow motion he turned towards her, raising his weapon, and the girl moved. Quick as a flash, she shot her hand forward at his chest. No, into his chest – her small arm had vanished up to the wrist. There was a moment of complete horror – Coryn’s, probably the man’s too – then the redhead pulled her hand free. She was clutching a purple mass of something that roiled and writhed and emanated alter-power. She squeezed, and for a moment Coryn swore she heard a mental shriek, but then the girl spread her fingers outwards, and the writhing purple mass disappeared into nothingness.
Gone, like the morning mist vanished under strong sunlight.
As for the ex-carrier, he looked down at his still-whole chest with an expression of dismay. Then he looked up at the redhead, and he was still holding the weapon…
The redhead’s hand moved like a blur, and suddenly she was holding the weapon. She pulled the trigger.
Zing. FLASH. The man’s eyes rolled back and he collapsed to the ground. The redhead spun the weapon a few times in her hand, looking very impressed with herself until she fumbled and it went flying. “Oops!” She scrambled to pick it up, then turned and smiled at Coryn. “Do you intend to carry her all day? I do believe she is coming to.”
And so Ash was. Her knee twitched, hitting Coryn painfully in the chest, and she moaned. “What happened?”
Coryn tipped her right-side up, barely taking a moment to ensure she didn’t fall over. Then she turned to the redhead. “I know you,” she said accusingly. “You gave me the light-wand. Who are you, and who are you working for?” 
“I,” the redhead replied proudly, “am a person.”
Or at least that was what Coryn thought she said, but it was such a stupidly obvious thing to say that maybe she’d misheard.
“My name is-”
“Anne!” Ash blurted out from her position half-crouched on the floor next to Coryn. “What happened? What are you doing here?”
“You were incapacitated most dramatically,” the redhead replied, beaming inappropriately considering the circumstances. “But never fear, you are quite unharmed, for I have saved you.”
“How did you- from who?” Ash turned, seeing the groaning man for the first time. “Him again!” she exclaimed in disgust. “He’s the burner. The one who made himself look like George back in Iversley, do you remember, Anne? And he burned my neck with his hands. Marty-”
“Mortimer,” Anne corrected. “And I did it with my super special alter-power. Oh, Ash, ’tis the most wonderful thing! I’ve been given all manner of gifts-”
“Shouldn’t we tie him up?” Coryn cut in, feeling a little left out of the conversation. She remembered the girl now as the one who’d given her the light-wand some time ago, much good had it done. Clearly the two knew each other. It appeared this ‘Anne’ enjoyed appearing out of nowhere, dispensing favours, then disappearing again. Well, she was still there at the moment, but Coryn was thinking ahead.
“Ah yes, the villain,” Anne said cheerfully. “Indeed you are right, Coryn.” She pulled something out of her pocket. It looked like a small round band, but it stretched easily over the ex-carrier’s wrists. She added another one around his ankles, then stood again, hands on small hips with that same expression of satisfaction. “Now shall we go before he awakes? I do believe your big, brutish friend may be missing your presence.”
She was talking about Aras, Coryn realised. “How do you know that? How do you know my name?”
“Yeah,” Ash said. “How do you know all that stuff?”
Anne’s dark eyes widened, and her lips tightened as if holding back a wonderful secret. “I know all manner of things. Now time is a wasting! We must leave this foul place before worse comes for us.”
“It’s not that foul,” Coryn began to protest on principle, then shrugged. This building sure wasn’t very nice, even if the Empty Zone wasn’t as a whole wasn’t so bad. “Oh, alright, then. But I need to get something first.” They’d left Trennan’s bag back at the mobi-home.
The redhead lifted her hand, and there was the familiar cloth bag, bulging with its usual weight. “This?”
“You’ve got to be kidding me,” Ash exploded. “You did not have that before. What is this, a magic show?”
Anne arched an eyebrow, still smiling. “I expect you meant to say, ‘thank you’. And I shall say in return, you are most welcome. Now shall we return to your home before the enforcers wonder what’s going on?”
She’d phrased it like a question, even though Coryn knew it was a statement. “It’s a long walk…”
Anne held up four thick bands. “For you.”
“You didn’t steal them, did you?”
“Certainly not! They were a donation.” Anne held up the bag, then rifled around in it before producing the stolen paragun. “Like this. Might I borrow it? I know someone who needs it.”
Coryn took the anti-grav wings in silence. “Uh…of course. It’s no good to me. If I’m found with it I’ll just be fined anyway, and it’ll be confiscated. But how will you two get back?”
“I already told you I could fly,” Ash said with a hint of triumph. Clearly – and miraculously – there was no lasting injury from the attack. 
She then set out to prove it. They all flew back to Aras’s apartment: Coryn with her new wings, and the other two with what appeared to be alter-power. It might not have been the least visible way to travel, but they’d wanted to get there quickly, to be out of the way before Mortimer was able to get out of that room. Ash and Anne chattered the whole way about things that made no sense to Coryn, and kept changing languages as they went.
No one bothered them as they landed on the street not far from Aras’s building. Anne walked with them, pausing just before they reached the alcove marking Aras’s front door. “Coryn,” she began. “I have something for you.”
“Oh?” Coryn asked cautiously. “What’s the price?”
Anne wrinkled her nose. “No price. ’Tis advice, and you may choose to take it or leave it.”
“Go ahead.”
“One, is that water is for drinking, not for holding. And two, the light-wand I gave you has another use in the Other realm, and here in the normal it can reveal things that are hidden.”
The second part seemed useful, perhaps, but the first part was just nonsense, Coryn thought. Of course water was for drinking – and occasionally for washing. As for the light-wand, she had already noticed that it was useful for finding lost objects in the dark. But then wasn’t that the point of any light? “Thank you,” she replied politely.
Anne gave her a look from those dark eyes that said she wasn’t fooled by the polite answer, then 
set one hand against the stone wall behind her. The stone rippled and shimmered, and she gave the two of them a quick wink before disappearing into the wall. 
“Hades, has she forgotten how to say goodbye?” Ash groused. But she looked more cheerful than she had before the girl appeared. “Did you know I haven’t had a proper conversation with her in almost a year?”
Coryn didn’t answer. She was studying the place where Anne had disappeared. It didn’t feel like the border gateway she’d inadvertently travelled through along with Ash. This one was warm, but if she hadn’t seen the girl disappear, then she wouldn’t have sensed it. Not in a million years. “Huh.”
“A woman of few words, I see,” Ash said dryly.
Coryn didn’t answer again (because it would have been a waste of energy, and perhaps Ash was right) but then the nearby door slid open, and there stood Aras, looking like thunder.

6.     The Great Escape

Bethel Insane Asylum, the outskirts of Lunden, 1818 AD

As evening turned into night at his new ‘accommodation’, George was beginning to worry. He hadn’t heard anything from Ashlea, nor his villainous sister-in-law, nor his foolish brother. Perhaps those labels were a bit strong, but that was how he was feeling. 
George had started to call for Amaranthus again from around dinner time when he realised that this wasn’t a game, and that he might be stuck here for some time. At first it had been merely in his head, growing more and more panicked, but as evening turned into night, and then the early hours of the morning, he had actually been calling him aloud. “Amaranthus! Anne…? He’d even like a visit from that poncey Frog Jean-Louis, anything to show him he hadn’t been forgotten. It was all very well to say ‘wait’, but how long was one expected to wait? It had been hours.
He’d had no further contact in all that time – just from the asylum guards coming to see what he was shouting about – and he was starting to worry. Perhaps he had offended Amaranthus somehow without realising it? It could have been that fight with Ashlea where he’d inadvertently had told her that she wasn’t really needed. In hindsight he could see why she got so upset, but he had just bailed her out of gaol.
Or perhaps something had got in the way. No one was all-powerful, after all, and perhaps this was just a place that Amaranthus couldn’t access. Or perhaps he was busy doing something else, and had passed George’s contact details (such as they were) onto someone else, and then they just weren’t very competent…
He had curled up on the poor excuse for a bed, feeling grudgingly thankful that at least he had his jacket against the cold. It was dark as pitch, without even a hint of light, and they hadn’t given him a blanket for fear that he would strangle himself or others…or so they said. He thought it was simply another tactic to get him to talk, to tell where his wife was and where to find evidence of time travel.
Well, he would not. No, no, no matter what they did to him…
…to a point. If they started with actual torture rather than simply being annoying, George might consider that hiding evidence of time travel wasn’t worth the trouble, and try to send them through the nearest remnant gateway to a boiling lava pit.
“But how could I find one of those?” he asked himself aloud. “Lava pits surely don’t grow on trees.”
“I daresay they don’t,” came Anne’s voice in the darkness. 
George would never admit it, but he just about wet his one clean(ish) pair of trousers in fright. Shooting upright, he turned to see Anne sitting on the floor of his room, holding an electric torch under her face in a ghoulish fashion. When she saw him looking, she grinned cheekily and turned it away. “Good morrow, George. Or shall I say good night? It sounds as though you’re in need of some conversation. Lava pits growing on trees?”
“It’s a saying,” he replied nonsensically, but he couldn’t hold back his own grin. “Oh, thank Deias you’re here. I’ve been dreadfully worried about you!”
“Me? Whatever for?”
How to break the terrible news? Yes, he might currently be in an insane asylum, but some things were more important. This girl’s fate, for example. “Anne,” he said carefully. “I’ve discovered a rather awful thing about your…well, your…”
She just stared at him expectantly. “My what?”
He had to just say it. “Your future. I was reading a history book, and well…it looked very much like you’re going to be…erm, executed…in the 1550’s, if you’re not careful.” 
“Burned at the stake?” the girl cut in, her tone inappropriately cheerful. “Was it for heresy or witchcraft? They never could decide.”
George’s jaw dropped. “You already knew about that?!”
“Not until I arrived, I didn’t. But then ’twas too late.” Anne shrugged, looking completely unconcerned. “But you are the one in trouble, George. Amaranthus has sent me, and I-”
“What do you mean, ’twas – it was too late?” he cut in, almost uncaring that he’d been so rude as to interrupt a lady. “What happened?”
“A whole lot of fuss and bother, and all I did was tell them the truth.” And for the first time she did look quite annoyed. “But it all came to naught, as you see; except that I may not return to my own time. Not ever, or it should give a few people a dreadful surprise.” She grinned cheekily. “But I shall tell you the full, dramatic tale as soon as we have time. For now, I’m here to help you escape.”
A massive weight fell off George’s shoulders as he realised that the book had been wrong. She wasn’t executed, it simply looked as though she had been. “Oh, thank Deias,” he murmured, then again. “Thank Deias! And here you are, come to rescue me when I was planning to rescue you! You have the Eternity Stone, I gather?”
“Not at all,” Anne said cheerfully. “You shall have to try a rather more violent method, but I’m certain you’ll turn your hand to it most effectively.” But then just as George was about to protest, she handed him a small, pistol-like object. “Here you go.”
He studied it curiously in the light of the torch. It was plasticky in appearance, grey, with a bubble on the top which appeared to be full of some sort of lumpy goo. “What is it?”
“A variation of a gun. If you aim well, the pellets released will cause a temporary paralysis in the victim, provided you do not hit very thick clothing or a helmet or such.” She paused, then added, “And verily, be sure to see that you do not leave it here. Otherwise the good doctor would gain some evidence for his theories, and we don’t want that, do we? Just about anyone would try to time travel.”
“As opposed to we who are infinitely qualified,” George agreed dryly. He lifted the gun to his eye, resisting the temptation to look down the barrel. Many, many people had lost their lives that way, and he didn’t care to be paralysed, not even temporarily.
Hah. First he was going to shoot those two brutes the doctor kept with him, and then the doctor himself. And then he was going to steal the doctor’s clothes and go back to Edward’s house, and perhaps shoot his darned brother…
“You’re certain the effects are temporary?” he asked casually.
“They are,” Anne agreed. She was watching him with a knowing expression that he had rarely seen on her young face, but he wasn’t inclined to query that now. “But I would forgive them, if I were you.”
George was startled. It was as if she’d been reading his mind. “What, the brutes too?” 
She shrugged. “All of them, if you can find it within yourself, and I daresay you can. Holding bitterness merely turns it inwards, and what kind of father would that make you?”
“Getting a bit premature, are we?” he muttered, studying the gun again and wondering how true its aim would be.
Anne sighed. “I must leave anon. But do not lose that weapon, for I must return it. And I do recommend that you also leave without delay.”
“If you think that’s best.” Although it still wasn’t clear why she didn’t take George with her instead. Finally he looked up at her. “Er…perchance do you know where Ashlea is right now?”
“She went through the gateway outside Tolliver’s bookseller quite some time ago, although I don’t believe it feels as long to her.”
“So she’s well, then?”
“Oh yes,” Anne agreed. “They both are.”
Both…? At last her words sank in, and George’s whole mind went blank for a long moment. Finally he asked, “Is that why she’s been so odd lately? Crying all the time, and such?”
Anne raised an eyebrow. “Why do you not ask her yourself?”
“Well,” he said aloud, then repeated it softly. “Well. I do believe I will.”
Just then Anne disappeared right before his eyes, taking the torch with her and leaving him in darkness with the strange gun tightly in his hands, as well as feeling more than a little confused. She’d used a gateway, surely? But no matter what he did, nor where he looked, he could not find a hint of it. He’d be obliged to do what she’d suggested – use a more violent method of escape.
Suddenly infused with a new will and energy, George began part one of his plan: make lots and lots of obnoxious noise until someone came to investigate.

Perhaps a madhouse wasn’t the best place to expect noise to bring attention, George pondered some time later. His throat felt like mincemeat, but finally, after about an hour of concerted screaming and shouting for Dr Pennysworth, an asylum guard came. 
“Can’t it wait for the morning?” he bellowed through the gap in the door.
“It can’t,” George sobbed. “In the morning I won’t want to tell anymore. But let him know that I’ll tell him everything.”
The guard’s eyes widened, and not ten minutes later, along came the good doctor, hair ruffled and clearly just woken from sleep. “Mr Seymour, you’re ready to speak to us?”
“Yes,” he answered sadly, his head lowered to hide his expression. “But not here. It’s too humiliating. Take me to your office.” The office was near the exit, and it had a window to the outdoors. All going to plan, he wouldn’t need to use it, since he would just be able to walk out.
The doctor took the bait, and so pleased was he that he never noticed that George was walking a little oddly, mostly to stop the gun falling out from under his shirt as he moved. In the office the guard stumbled round lighting the candles, then yawned and slumped his head into his hand, earning a sharp reprimand from Dr Pennysworth. Then the doctor turned to George and smiled as kindly as he could manage. “So?”
“Take off my chains, and I shall tell you.”
His face closed. “By Jove, you don’t think me so foolish? You don’t intend to tell me at all.”
“I will tell you,” George repeated, “but the chains come off first.”
The doctor shook his head. Patting his pocket with an audible tinkle, he said, “The key is right here, waiting for you to tell me first.”
“Very well,” George conceded. He bent over on the other side of the desk, slipped the gun out from under his shirt, and shot the doctor right in his shiny forehead. A glob of what looked like stiff, coloured jelly stuck to his skin, and after a few seconds of shock, his eyes rolled back and he fell sideways. 
George didn’t wait. He lifted the gun again and shot at the alarmed guard, missing the first time, but skimming the man’s neck the second. He shot him twice more to be sure, then quickly dragged the keys out of the doctor’s pocket. He awkwardly unlocked his cuffs and slipped on the guard’s clothing (having decided this would be a wiser choice in the Lunden streets than the doctor’s white coat) and was halfway to the door when he remembered something.
“A gentleman must keep his word,” George muttered to himself. Then he crouched down by the still unconscious Dr Pennysworth, and told him, “Time travel is real, my wife is currently through a time-and-space portal somewhere off Axford Street, and I’m going there now. Good day, sir.”
 Then with his duty done, he simply walked out of the building, a beaming smile splitting his face. Oh, he had to shoot a couple more guards on his way, but in times of war, sacrifices must be made…



Lile, 2598 AD

Aras looked down at the two girls anxiously. At least Coryn could see he was anxious; to Ash he must have looked as forbidding as he’d once seemed to Coryn. He filled the large doorway, and Ash didn’t even reach his chin.
“Any reason you’re loitering out here?” he asked grimly. He clearly meant ‘is there a problem?’ 
“I’m fine,” Coryn answered quickly, forestalling any arguments – or worse, Ash somehow getting injured. “Let’s go inside. I want a drink.”
Aras stepped back, allowing the two girls through the door, although his suspicious gaze pinned Ash. The girl moved past him, her eyes wide, and once inside she glanced at Coryn. “He’s not going to shoot me, is he?”
“Nah,” Coryn replied dismissively. “Aras, really, she’s fine.”
He spread his hands out innocently. “What did I do?”
“You looked at me like you wanted to crush me like a bug,” Ash told him, but now she sounded more admiring than scared. “Has anyone ever told you that you look a lot like the Decimator?”
“What’s that?”
“It’s a who, not a what,” Ash explained. “He’s a character from my ti- from old films, and he was really strong and almost undefeatable. A cyborg. He would look at the bad guys in that way, just like you did, and then boom! He’d destroy them all. Do you know what I’m talking about?”
“It sounds very violent,” Aras remarked mildly. “What’s a film?”
Coryn almost laughed at the nonplussed expression on Ash’s face. “It’s like a very old version of VR,” she answered. “Except the story would all play out on a screen in front of you, and you couldn’t change any of it.”
Aras grunted. “Sounds dull.”
Now Coryn knew he was just acting for Ash, who was looking quite annoyed, and this time she did laugh. “Thank you for drastically improving my day, Aras.” She gave him a quick run-down of the day’s events from the time she’d last seen him, and Ash interjected with details that she’d missed, including the ones she didn’t want to tell.
“So did you make any progress with the clues while I was in VR?” Coryn asked Ash.
“Clues? What clues?”
“In Trennan’s bag, of course! Didn’t I say?”
Ash shook her head. “You said it was precious, and not to let it out of the capsule room. So I didn’t, but I didn’t look inside either.”
Coryn stared at her in a mix of amusement and frustration. She couldn’t remember exactly what she’d said to Ash, but she must have been distracted indeed if she hadn’t spelled out why she wanted Ash’s help. And she couldn’t get mad at the girl for not looking either, since it spoke well for her integrity that she didn’t touch what wasn’t hers – if she was telling the truth. 
“Clues?” Aras asked blankly. He turned to Coryn. “What’s this?”
She glanced away, not wanting to see his hurt. She’d told him a lot, but she hadn’t told him this. “Clues to where the last emblem might be. Trennan gave them to me before he died, but I haven’t had the energy or ability to make sense of them. I haven’t told anyone before today.”
There was a long silence that said he was offended, but he didn’t show it. “Where did he get them from?”
They’d never really had a chance to talk about that, either, because he’d died, and Coryn certainly didn’t want to tell Aras they’d come from the Fire Lord. “I don’t know. He just came back from his knight’s trial with them.”
Aras looked unimpressed. “Let’s see them, then.”
Now Coryn actually did want a drink, or even better, something solid. “You pull them out, I’ll go make something for lunch.”
Ash perked up. “Oh, yes please! That pancake was lovely, but I’m afraid it wasn’t enough.” Then she added a little sheepishly, “Maybe all this stress is making me extra hungry.”
“Maybe you’re pregnant,” Aras suggested, studying the clues as he pulled them out of the bag. “Pregnant women get extra hungry, or so I hear.” He didn’t see the play of emotions across Ash’s face, and the principal one was horror.
“I’m not pregnant!” She looked down at her belly in dismay, poking the slight roll that sat over the waistband of her trousers as she sat. “It’s just a food baby.”
Coryn paused where she stood in the doorway. Any talk of babies made her think of Kamile, and the fact that she might have been pregnant – or so Brosca had said. And if she had been, then there was a good chance that the father stood right there with them. But a smile crept over her face at the expression. “So does that mean you want to feed the food baby anyway?”
Ash blushed pink, but lifted her chin. “That’s a definite yes. My husband doesn’t seem to mind, anyway.”
Aras lifted his head, studying her disapprovingly. There was a glint of humour in his eyes. “You’ve got a husband, and you’re gallivanting around the city, getting shot at and beaten by villains? I’m surprised he lets you.”
The other girl just about choked on her shock. “Considering you were the villain who was shooting at me, you can hardly talk. And George doesn’t dictate what I do.” She frowned. “He just wants me to keep out of trouble.”
If that was the case, then Ash was failing dramatically, Coryn thought wryly. “Aras is teasing you,” she told the girl. “Take a look at the clues, see what you think. I’ll bring food and drink for everyone.”
“I’ll give you a hand,” Aras said quickly. He stood and followed her into the other room. “Are you sure you can trust this girl?” he asked very quietly. “She seems harmless, but then so did the Chosen Elders.”
Coryn stiffened. She knew where he was coming from, but she didn’t like having her judgement questioned – or being reminded of what the Elders had done. “I’m satisfied that she’s here to help, not harm. How much she can help remains to be seen.”
“As you like.” He paused. “And what if we can find the emblem? Every Fey within hearing distance will be after it. If you’re thinking of giving it to the girl, how do we know her ‘Amaranthus’ will be any better than the others?”
“He doesn’t drink blood, and that’s a good start for me.” But now Coryn was feeling quite grim herself. She gave the food-warmer a final tap to coax out the last few drops of sauce, then pulled out the warm dish – enough for three, plus a food-baby.



It was obvious that Coryn and Aras had gone for a private conversation, probably about her, Ash knew. But hey, at least they weren’t trying to kill her, or freeze her out like George’s family so often did.
She focussed her attention on the ‘clues’, as Coryn had called them. Clues to what, Ash didn’t know, but they were the most random assortment of items. They didn’t seem too complicated though, when she really thought about it – she just didn’t know what they meant.
By the time Coryn and Aras came back out with a plate of golden cheese on toast and a couple of drinks, Ash had spread the contents of the bag out on the floor. There were five items, each as ordinary as if they’d been picked up from a 21st century discount store. “I’ve got as far as identifying them, but that’s about it,” she said apologetically.
“That’s further than I got,” Coryn replied. “I have no idea what they are.”
That made Ash feel a bit more useful, and she brightened. “Then I’ll go through them, and we’ll see if they make any sense to either of you.” She picked up the first item, one of those clear bouncy balls with a yellow toy snake inside. Its tiny face was misprinted so it looked either evil or dopey, depending on which side you viewed. “OK. So first we have the bouncy ball-.”
“I thought it was glass,” Coryn cut in.
“Really?” Ash threw the ball at the nearest wall, where it bounced off and almost knocked over an ornamental vase. “Argh, sorry. Anyway, it bounces. It might look like glass, but I promise you it isn’t. And inside is obviously a toy snake.”
“There’s no obvious about it,” Coryn countered. “That thing doesn’t look at all like any snake I’ve seen.”
Ash paused. “Well, obvious or not, it’s a snake. That’s what it looks like to me. We get these toys back home, cheap as anything, and they don’t look much like the original animal-”
“A snake. We understand,” Aras rumbled. “Next?”
Feeling a little disgruntled, Ash picked up the small wire-framed shape. “Miniature bird cage. See the little plastic bird inside?”
The others looked, then nodded. 
“OK, so that’s two. This one here is a boomerang. Again, just a small cheap one, because the real ones are big and wooden and would take your head off if thrown properly, or so I’m told. This one’s just plastic.”
“How does it take your head off?” Coryn asked curiously. “It’s just a curved piece of…whatever.”
Ash studied the thing, then shrugged. “Lots and lots of force? I don’t know. Oh yeah, and they’re supposed to come back to whoever threw it. I forgot that part.” She set the boomerang aside and held up the small, scratchy square. “Looks like a miniature doormat. You wipe your feet on them. This one says ‘unwelcome’ in Anglish, which is a joke, because they’re supposed to say ‘welcome’. So it’s a doormat for people who actually don’t want you to visit.” Or at least that was what she figured, and they didn’t have any better ideas. 
“And this last one…” This had been one of the easy ones. “It’s a keyring shaped like an hourglass, although of course this is far too small to last a whole hour. But it has no sand in it, so it won’t work at all.”
“What do you mean?” Coryn asked.
“Well, it’s supposed to have all the sand in the top section. You flip it to sit that way, and then the sand goes into the bottom section through this tiny hole. When all of it’s emptied from the top section, then the time is up. But there’s no sand, so it won’t count any time.”
“No time,” Aras echoed, blue eyes intensely focused on the object. “That’s clear. We don’t have any time.”



The more Ash had deciphered the clues, the more depressed Coryn felt. She could see where this seemed to be pointing to, and it didn’t make sense! She didn’t want it to make sense, because she did not want to go back there.
“Well, that’s as far as it goes for me,” Ash finished. “I don’t know enough about this country to make a guess for what it all means.”
“I think it’s Birdcage Swamp,” Aras said finally. “The one that’s at the foot of the mountains about an hour north of here. It grows grass there that looks like your little mat-thing, and the river that feeds into it is called the Silver Serpent because of its curved shape. That could be a boomer- boober-”
“Boomerang,” Ash corrected before he accidently said anything obscene. “But what about the bouncy ball? Where does that fit in?”
“It looks like glass, but isn’t,” Aras replied. “It’s probably referring to the way the sky sometimes reflects on the swamp. Unless you’ve got any other suggestions?” Now he was looking at Coryn.
Coryn wasn’t so sure, but the only other explanation that was coming to mind was one she didn’t like at all. No, not at all. So she latched onto Aras’s suggestion, shrugging. “It makes sense to me, but we’ll only know for sure when we find it.”
But Ash had found one last thing hidden in the bag. She pulled out the small, water-filled vial that Trennan had thought so precious. “Oh, I missed one. What’s this?”
“Not a clue, a keepsake,” Coryn said briskly. She took the vial and held it behind her back as if it would stop the other two from asking.
It didn’t work. “What kind of keepsake?” Ash asked curiously. “Hey, it’s not something from Amaranthus, is it?”
“Why would you ask that?” Coryn asked cagily.
Ash shrugged. “It looks a little like something I’ve seen before. Does it say anything?”
Now curious herself, Coryn studied the vial. Scrolling, tiny text was inscribed on the lid, but that didn’t make sense either. “Nothing of any worth.”
“You might be surprised. If it is from Amaranthus, then I bet you that it’d be worth your while to drink it. And didn’t Anne say that water was for drinking not holding? She was probably talking about that.”
Coryn shrugged dismissively. She’d had enough from the Chosen of being told to drink/partake/agree without questioning, so now she’d do what she wanted. 
 “Well, what about this light-wand she mentioned?” Ash persisted. “That might come in handy since we’re looking for this emblem.”
“Aras and I are looking for the emblem,” Coryn corrected. “You’re just tagging along.”
There was a long pause. “Are you usually like this?” Ash asked. 
“Like what?”
Ash looked at Aras beseechingly, and he shrugged. “Yes, but she used to smile more.”
“You mean before my lover and my friend were murdered?” Coryn snapped. “How shocking that that should impact my moods. Besides, you never knew me, Aras. You just knew what I looked like.”
Aras regarded her evenly. “You’re right. I never knew you. But I still don’t know you now, if you’re keeping secrets like these clues from me. I can’t help you if I don’t know about it, Coryn.”
“I didn’t want to even think about it before now! And I know there’s stuff you haven’t told me, so don’t get all angry about it.” Coryn knew she was being confrontational, but she felt confused and worried, and it translated into anger.
“Like what?”
“Like…” Coryn picked something at random. “...Like who’s Ric?”
Aras looked hunted. “Who?”
“You said it in your sleep the other night. Who is it? Someone back at the Chosen Compound, I’m guessing.” 
He was silent for a long moment. Then, as slowly as if it hurt for him to say it aloud, he replied, “Ric is my son.”
Coryn was so stunned that she couldn’t reply for several moments. “You have a son?!” 
Aras shifted uncomfortably. “Yes. Ric is six.”
Six. Basically a baby – but it meant that Aras had had him very young. “I thought you had only just come to the Chosen last year!”
“I met his mother in the city years ago when I was on leave from the army. Xanthe was the one who told me about the Chosen in the first place.”
Coryn knew that name. Xanthe had been one of three Chosen who went missing in the Borderlands a couple of years earlier – so Ric was an orphan, kind of. “Where is he now? At the Chosen Compound still?”
Aras shrugged. “Unless something’s happened in the last three weeks, yes.”
Coryn stared at him numbly, then felt a spike of anger. “Wow. Oh, wow. I didn’t see that one coming. Is it just the one child you’ve left alone in a dangerous environment full of lunatics, or are there more?”
“He’s fine,” Aras replied, his jaw tight. “He’s too young to leave now, but I’ve been keeping an eye on him. I keep in touch.” She didn’t say anything, and he added defensively, “By Chosen practice I’m not even supposed to acknowledge him as mine, but I do anyway.” He gave a helpless shrug. “He looks like me.”
Ash, who’d been sitting in awkward silence with the clues spread out in front of her, said, “Um…we should get looking for the emblem thing…”
Coryn spoke over her. “Is there anything else we should know about?” she asked sarcastically. “You’re not in secret contact with the blood-drinkers, are you?”
“Of course not!” he exclaimed, now clearly angry. “Why in Hades would you even ask that?”
She indicated at his left arm, the silvery Fey-made one. “You refuse to give that up, even though you know it’s made by wicked things who have no love for us. Why?”
“I can’t take it off,” he snapped. “I haven’t been able to remove it in months, since before I left the Chosen. It’s sealed on, and trying to remove it feels like trying to rip off my own arm. And I know it might be harmful in some way, but don’t you think that if the Chosen were using it to keep tabs on us then they would have found us here by now? We’re not exactly hidden. We haven’t even changed our names!”
“Oh,” Coryn murmured, her anger going like air from a deflating balloon. Never mind that they couldn’t easily have changed their names, because their personal details were embedded in their chips. They hadn’t even tried. “I didn’t realise.”
“No, you didn’t,” Aras retorted. He was clearly still upset. “And you’re a bold one to accuse me of hiding secrets, with your background.”
“What?”
He lifted his chin, his gaze on her as cold as it had seemed in those first days back at the Compound. “You’re far too strong for your size, even though you look fragile, and you have abilities to see into the Other and see entrances that normal humans can’t. I know it’s not just from the time you spent with Brosca, Coryn. You’re a Halfling.” She didn’t answer, and he repeated himself. “Aren’t you?”
“I’m not a Halfling,” she said quietly.
“Don’t give me that!” he growled. “Do you think I’m an idiot?”
“I’m not,” Coryn argued softly. “I’m…I don’t know, exactly, but it’s not a Halfling like Trennan and Kamile, or like any of the others we knew. My mother said…she said that her father, before he had been with her mother, he had been in the Other and had lain with a Fey. It shouldn’t have affected us, but it did.” 
Her biggest secret now exposed, she sat quietly and stared at the floor. “There you go. Now you know everything about me. But I’m not a Halfling, not really. If anything, I wouldn’t be more than a quarter, like Kamile. And even if I had been, it wouldn’t have done me any good,” she added with more passion. “They murdered the others anyway, and they’d have done the same to me if they could have caught me, once they got the information they wanted.”
There was a long, painful silence, broken by Ash saying thoughtfully, “That does explain why the atmosphere on the border didn’t affect you. But really, what difference does it make?”
Both Coryn and Aras turned to stare at her.
“OK, so there’s the thing about Aras’s fake arm – and I don’t know why we can’t just break it off like we did with the spyglass earlier-”
“It’s an arm,” Aras said, sounding appalled. “You can’t just break it. I need it.”
“Oh, I didn’t mean it like that. I just meant something like, ‘whatever Creature may be using Aras’s prosthetic arm, I hereby order you to leave’. Something like that.” 
Aras just looked at her like she was crazy, and Coryn had to sympathise. She still didn’t understand what had happened earlier with Cobie, but surely it couldn’t be just that easy. 
Ash clearly saw their expressions, and sighed. “Oh, whatever. We still need to find that missing emblem, the sooner the better. It needs to be done. I’m sorry for any problems between the two of you, but this is bigger than those. I think you both realise that, don’t you?”
Although the tension remained, it lessened somewhat. “We do,” Coryn agreed. 
There was a moment of silence, but Aras nodded as well. “It’s about four hours to Birdcage Swamp by road. We should get started.”
“Surely it’s not that far?” Coryn said. “It takes less than three to get to the Compound by train, and that’s fairly close.”
“The roads aren’t good,” Aras replied, not quite meeting her eye. “Not even with the hover setting.”
Suddenly an idea came to Coryn, and she perked up just a little. “I’ve got a better idea. We’ll take my air vehicle, and be there within an hour.”
Aras paled a little – Coryn didn’t know why, he knew she was a good pilot – and Ash looked curious. “What’s this?”
Coryn rubbed her hands together. “Just come and see.”



Mortimer paced silently in the isolated room he’d been living in, but within the confines of his head he raged. Finally the words burst out. “You said that you’d bring me the dark-haired time traveller!” he shouted. “What did you call that?”
I brought her to you, the Creature said smoothly. It was up to you what you did with the opportunity. Is it my fault you were too weak to capture her?
“You brought her to me?” Mortimer shouted back. “I strongly doubt that! And you didn’t mention that she would be aided by immortals! That other one with the red hair – she removed you from me like…like squeezing a pimple!” It hadn’t lasted, because not two hours later the thing had been right back, tapping on his mental door to be let in. He hadn’t agreed precisely, but here it was.
Not my problem. But you had the dark-haired time traveller right there, and she was helpless. In her state it was a perfect opportunity to gather considerable power, and you didn’t take advantage of that either.
“I was getting to it,” he ground out.
And next time you’ll move faster, the Creature replied easily. Stop complaining, and do what you need to do.
Mortimer gripped the back of a nearby plasti-metal chair, heating his palm until the surface warped and reformed into the shape of his hand. He was so twisted with fury and hatred for that Creature that there had to be some kind of outlet. The moment he didn’t need it anymore (or it didn’t need him, a quiet voice told him) then it would be gone, gone, gone, and he would be immortal, and it would all be worth it.
Surely.
Although to be honest, in his heart of hearts Mortimer didn’t really believe that. Deep down, he thought that he’d be lucky to get away without a big chunk of his soul missing.
Great, powerful god of death that you are, the voice mocked inside his head. It seemed the Creature could hear even the quietest thoughts.
“Shut up.” And then he grimaced, and set about the next part of the plan.

7.     Needle in a Haystack

Coryn’s air vehicle had been parked in a kind of multi-levelled garage near the edge of the city centre. It reminded Ash of a cross between an old biplane and a bumblebee: short and fat and with wings that seemed too small to hold it in the air. But it wasn’t the wing size that was bothering Ash now. Sitting in the snug seat next to Coryn while Aras got the roomier back seat, she closed her eyes.
Bump. Bump…jolt. 
Ugh. How the plane could bounce around so much when it was just air it was riding across, Ash didn’t know. They’d barely left the small terminal when Coryn had started the acrobatics…and then when Ash let out a squeak of fear, Coryn had turned to her in genuine confusion. “What?”
“Just not used to heights,” Ash answered lamely. Then realising that had made no sense, she amended, “I mean, heights where I’m not the one in control.”
Coryn nodded in understanding. “I was like that for a while right after I got my own license; nervous going back to riding in vehicles when other people drove. Takes a bit of trust to put your life into someone else’s hands, doesn’t it?” 
As she said that, the plane took a sharp turn to the left to dodge a clueless bird, and Ash’s stomach almost fell out through her throat. Good thing she was strapped in, since Coryn’s flying was erratic to say the least. In the back, Aras the Enormous and Scary was dead silent. Ash figured that was a common state for him, but now she also thought that he was just trying to get through the ordeal with his dignity intact.
In the hold of the vehicle was all the gear they might need to find the mysterious emblem. A brightly-coloured, link-chain-style rope, a couple of weapons that looked like the distant descendants of water guns, and two shovels. The last, at least, Ash felt comfortable with. Those hadn’t changed much in five hundred years.
They flew over the vast city much quicker than expected, since once the little air vehicle got started it moved disturbingly fast. From up here Ash could see that only the very centre of the city was built-up into many layers, then further out were a few buildings of only one or two storeys, and then just countryside. 
Rural Lile was quite pretty. Ash had never been to the Baltane (or even thought to, really) but it reminded her a little of Angland, all green and mostly flat, but with far more forest. Not much in the way of mountains, but pretty in its own way. Clearly the decision to preserve their green spaces had been a wise one.
Coryn brought the vehicle down to land in a small valley with low, steep sides and no sign of habitation. They parked on a large grassy patch near a small, flat lake that reflected the blue clouded sky. Very picturesque, all in all.
“Where’s the swamp?” Ash asked, stretching her legs while Aras began to unload the shovels from the hold.
Coryn pointed at the lake. “Right in front of you.”
Closer up Ash could see that the water was shallow and full of reeds. Perhaps not as lake-like as she’d first thought, but definitely not what she thought of as a swamp, either. A decent swamp needed belching puddles of mud, green slime covering the water, and well-placed toads with yellow eyes – also belching ominously. And maybe the occasional ogre or troll… (Yes, she’d got most of those ideas from movies.) But the whole place was far, far too big to just ‘find’ a small item. Or what she imagined to be a small item, anyway.
“It’ll be like finding a needle in a haystack,” Ash muttered. “What does this emblem look like, again?”
“I never said what it looked like,” Coryn replied, staring at the swamp/lake with narrowed eyes. “The spirit’s blood is a small leather flask with a narrow neck and a brass stopper. It might shine gold.”
Ash studied the water dubiously where it lapped gently at the toes of her boots. There didn’t seem to be any random glowing spots, not even on the narrow muddy beach. That could be sand, she supposed. 
“It doesn’t give off an alter-power signal,” Aras said, coming up beside them with both shovels and rope propped up on one shoulder, and one of the weapons under his other arm. “That’s why it’s been missing for so long.” He handed one of the shovels unceremoniously to Ash. “Come on, then. We’ll have to step on it if we want to find it.”
Ash was still hesitant. “I just don’t know if the clues can be pointing here,” she began, but was cut off by a sudden burst of very detailed far-sight. Uh-oh. So that was why she felt unsettled… “How good are you with that weapon?” she asked Aras.
“Excellent,” he replied, looking a bit miffed that she’d even dared to ask. “Why?”
She pointed at the still water up ahead. “We’re about to have unfriendly company.”
Aras only just managed to pull the weapon down from his shoulder when a massive head burst from the weedy water like some kind of mythical swamp-god. It looked like one of the trolls Ash had imagined belonging here, with a head twice the size of a human’s and warty, rough skin. As if in slow motion the troll raised his weapon, but Aras was faster. His weapon barely made a sound as it discharged, hitting the troll between the eyes, and it sank back into the water. 
The three of them stood at the shore, barely moving. Ash was clutching her shovel like it was a lifeline. “Good shot,” she said blankly to Aras.
He still held the weapon to one eye, steadily scanning the once-again still water. “Are there any others?” 
Ash shrugged helplessly. The far-sight had shown her a brief scene of chaos, and she hadn’t been able to make sense of it except that they weren’t alone. “I don’t know.”
Coryn very slowly pulled out a short, silver stick from her pocket, holding it up and pressing her thumb against one end. An anaemic light began to glow, and her eyes widened.
Then the second warty troll-man burst out of the water and grabbed Aras around the legs, pulling him in along with his weapon. Ash reflexively shot up into the air out of reach, and inexplicably Coryn dove after them. All three disappeared under the water that should have been far too shallow to hide even one person lying down, and in a moment of abandoned clarity Ash realised what she’d missed.
Illusion. There was some kind of illusion here, hiding what really lay before them.
Ash panicked, flying from one side of the little swamp to another as if her mere movement would make the illusion go away. It didn’t of course, and she was struck with the horrible fear that Aras and Coryn were being murdered down there, and she couldn’t help them. Amaranthus!
Just then far-sight flashed through her mind, and she saw that if she went down through the surface of the water then she’d break the illusion, and the shovel could be a good weapon…
She barely paused, swerving in the air and charging for the reflective lake surface. For a moment, as she went through that surface, the air around her blurred and she felt as if she was looking at the world through water, but then it was as if a light switched on. The water didn’t exist. Instead there was a huge area of muddy weeds with Aras and one of the trolls struggling together on one side, and Coryn dodging another of them on the other side. They seemed to be scrabbling over a small white object. It looked like whatever Aras had shot one with, it hadn’t done much damage.
Ash set her jaw, then wielding her shovel like an avenging angel, dove down towards the second attacker. (Or were they the attackers, since they’d struck first? Good question.) Right before he grabbed for Coryn, Coryn ducked and rolled around him, grabbing for the small white item in the mud. Then the next moment she disappeared into thin air, and the warty man-thing was left clutching at nothing. He looked up just in time to see Ash coming at him with the shovel, and he lifted a long, bladed weapon…
Crack. Something struck his knee, and he fell with a howl. 
“Hit him with the shovel!” unseen-Coryn shouted. Her voice sounded very close. “Take him out!”
Ash didn’t wait. She swung the shovel and hit the troll-man in the head once, then as he fell, she hit him again, and he seemed dazed. But now Ash could see how big he really was, like an ox, thick and dense-muscled, and probably three times her weight. He was stirring, and Ash lifted the shovel with its sharp edge sideways and set it against his neck…
“A couple of good swings and you’re decapitated,” came Coryn’s disembodied voice. “I wouldn’t do it if I were you.”
Oh, by the Rood, as Anne would say. Ash could kill the man (slowly and horribly) if she wished, but she wasn’t going to. What kind of monster did they take her for?
But the troll-man’s brown eyes rolled to the side where his now deceased partner lay, and he blanched. “I’m not fighting,” he said hurriedly, his voice thin and hoarse for such a large creature. “Don’t kill me.”
Like a light being flicked on, Coryn suddenly appeared again. She had the silver stick in one hand, and a palm-sized, white circular object in the other. “If it moves, kill it,” she said coldly.
Ash felt sick, but the effectiveness of the threat depended on the troll believing she would – as Aras clearly had with the other one. But then they weren’t trolls, were they? They must be Halflings like Coryn had spoken of…her distant relatives.
As if prompted by Ash’s thoughts, the Halfling said beseechingly to Coryn, “I’m like you. Why do you call me an it?”
“You’re not like her,” Aras growled. He moved to stand over the Halfling, holding the discarded blade. It looked like a small sword, and its metal was marked red. “You’re trying to capture or kill her. Which is it?”
The Halfling shook his head, eyes wild. “No. No. We were sent to find the emblem only, before you could find it. We had no intentions against the girl.”
Aras lifted his boot and set it against the Halfling’s throat, and Ash lifted her shovel away. She desperately hoped he wouldn’t kill this man. The idea sickened her. The Halfling might be big and ugly and inhuman in appearance, but that wasn’t his fault, was it? And his eyes were so very, very normal…
“Who sent you?” Aras challenged.
“I don’t know-”
The boot went down harder. “Who sent you?”
“We didn’t know!” the Halfling choked. “They wouldn’t say their name, but it was a Creature, a massive, terrifying one you wouldn’t want to get on the wrong side of. Please…”
The boot lifted a little. “You called it a Creature,” Aras said. 
“That’s what it is,” the Halfling replied, fear in his eyes. “Some might call it Fey, but they prefer Creature.”
Creatures, Ash thought in irritated despair. Find anything horrible, and they were always behind it somehow.
“Is it Brosca?” Coryn asked. Her face was pale and intent.
“Never heard that name,” the Halfling replied frankly.
“What about Evangeline?” Ash asked, suddenly inspired. She’d heard several Creature names ever since she’d realised they existed, but that name was the only one that had stuck. It was beautiful, but the Creature…not so much.
Now fear lit their captive’s eyes once more, but then he slid them away to stare at the muddied ground before him. “No. Not that one either. I believe…I believe that one is my master’s rival.”
“Well, you can tell your master to leave us be,” Coryn told him vehemently. “We’ve got Amaranthus’s favour, and your master doesn’t have a chance.”
Ha, funny that Coryn was claiming that favour when Ash wasn’t sure if she even liked him. But the Halfling just looked more frightened, and Ash suspected he wouldn’t say a word. Unfair as it was, people often did shoot the messenger.
“How did your master know we were here?” Aras asked. “Does it have someone watching us?”
“The Creatures always watch everyone,” the Halfling replied helplessly, his voice garbled by his awkward position. “But we weren’t told. We were just sent here, and told to find the emblem. They said it was here, but we couldn’t find it, and then you arrived…”
Coryn held out the white, round thing Ash had noticed before. It looked like an old-fashioned pocket watch minus the chain. “Object of power,” Coryn told Aras in a low voice. “They were using it to hide themselves.”
He took it, slipping it into his pocket. “Then there’s someone watching us now, and we don’t have much time. Where have you searched?” 
This last question was to the Halfling, who just lay there looking remarkably pathetic for such an odd creature. Ash saw that he wouldn’t answer because he was too afraid or too stubborn, and Aras had to silence him. And then they searched, and searched, and finally had to admit it wasn’t there…and then the far-sight vision flashed even further forward, and Ash saw Aras with the flask in his hand, and a mountain behind him.
Good timing, far-sight. “Actually,” Ash interrupted. “We won’t find what we’re looking for here. We need to move on. I know it like I knew we were about to be attacked.” And for all the Halfling had claimed he meant no harm, the previous far-sight vision implied otherwise. She’d seen chaos and violence, and lots of blood…theirs.
Aras and Coryn stared at her in dismay, and even the Halfling turned to look. 
“What?” Coryn exclaimed. “You could have said that earlier!”
“I didn’t know earlier,” Ash replied, wrapping her arms around herself defensively. “The information comes when it comes.”
“Right,” Aras said. “Let’s go then.” He lifted his boot away from the Halfling’s throat, and his expression of relief only lasted long enough for Aras to bring the butt of his weapon down hard on the Halfling’s head. His eyes rolled back in unconsciousness, and now Ash really did feel ill. 
“It was necessary,” Aras told her as they climbed into the air vehicle. “You think he would have left us be, or wouldn’t have told his master? We needed to get away as fast as possible.” And he’d already killed the other one. 
Ash nodded, trying to look as blasé as they seemed to. She wasn’t used to this kind of violence –the sort with permanent consequences. Hades, even the second one would probably have a concussion! Coryn started up the engine and was preparing to lift into the air when Ash tapped her on the shoulder. “Er…I never said where the next location was.”
The other girl barely paused. “You didn’t need to. I already know. I worked it out from the clues.”
There was a silence as Ash tried to make sense of that, and behind her Aras rumbled in a repeat of Coryn’s earlier words, “You might have said something earlier!”
Coryn lifted the air vehicle away from its grassy park, focused on the air in front of her. “I didn’t, because I was hoping I was wrong. But I don’t think I am.”
“Well?” Ash asked when it became clear that Coryn had nothing further to say. “Where is it?”
“Glass that’s not glass. A false welcome. Something that returns to where it came from. No time. A bird cage... and don’t forget the snake.”
Ash was still blank, but behind them Aras swore quietly. “We’re going back to the Compound.”
Ooh, the infamous Compound…but even though Ash was curious, no one wanted to talk about it. The trip was so quiet that she found herself scrambling for things to say that weren’t to do with what had just happened. “Did you know I’ve been in VR only once,” she found herself saying. “And I didn’t even know that I was in there. I walked right in by accident. Can you believe it?”
She heard Aras’s chuff of laughter behind her, but Coryn nodded seriously. “I can see how that could happen. How long before you worked out it was fake?”
Practically overnight, actually. “It felt like several hours,” Ash replied, since the full truth was too embarrassing. “Looking back, I can’t believe it took so long to realise that everything was happening as I wanted it to.” Except for the horrible Rosmerta glitch, of course. That did nothing she wanted. Ugh. There was a special place in Hades for people who invented computer and VR viruses, she decided.
“Don’t feel bad,” Coryn said with a one-shouldered shrug. “There are people who know it’s fake, but prefer it to real life anyway. You could starve in there if the system didn’t boot you out.”
That made Ash feel a little better. “Once I knew it wasn’t real it lost its appeal. The things I did before that, though…” She hadn’t even intended to mention that part, but it had been playing on her mind.
“What? Something dangerous?” Coryn asked curiously.
Ash remembered the almost-kiss with the handsome almost-villain, and felt a rush of shame. She had thought it was real, and that was bad enough. “No,” she hedged. “More like my stupid fantasies. I wanted to be useful, so of course along came this handsome superhero who needed me to help him bust a trafficking ring. I should have known no villain worth his salt would be so easily beaten.”
There were a few seconds of silence, so when Aras spoke from behind her it made her jump. “What sort of trafficking?” 
“Women,” Ash answered bluntly. “I don’t know about here, but in my time it happens far too often – young girls getting tricked into prostitution and slavery in foreign countries. I hate it,” she said passionately. “If only it was so easily solved in real life as in VR, right?”
“I’ve never heard of such a thing in Lile,” Coryn said.
“It happens,” Aras commented. “It’s why I became a soldier.”
They both turned to look at him, and the plane dipped. Luckily Coryn corrected their flight, but Ash still felt shaken. She refocused on Aras. “Who was it? Your sister, a friend?”
“No,” he replied shortly. “It was me.”



Coryn was so shocked by what Aras had said that she simply turned and faced forward, for once giving all her attention to her driving. He couldn’t have meant what she thought he meant, could he?
“Someone tried to traffic you?” Ash echoed in disbelief. “They must have had more courage than brains, then.”
“I was only fourteen, and much smaller than I am now,” Aras answered emotionlessly. “No guardian, and in a big city. An easy target.”
“How did you get away?”
“Luck, I suppose. This was back in another city where I grew up. I was grabbed off the street and shoved into an enclosed vehicle by this man who even then I recognised as being Fey in some way. There was a little girl asleep in the back, and I’ve no idea how long she’d been there, or what they’d done to her. The man tried to get me to drink something that was obviously drugged. I fought him, but he was much stronger, and he was going to make me...” 
Aras’s voice petered off as he remembered what had happened, and he grimaced in disgust. “I think it must be obvious what he had planned. There were others in the front, I remember, and a woman there too, but their faces aren’t clear to me. But right then the enforcers came and found us. They had known what was going on, and they’d managed to catch several such groups all working at the same time across Lile. So I was freed before any true suffering.”
Coryn frowned. “I think I remember hearing about something like that, but the women who’d been involved all seemed to disappear after that.”
“Our group never went public,” Aras said. “The other groups caught were all named, but somehow the ones who’d taken us got away. I still don’t know how they did…but I, and the others who’d been stolen, all decided we wouldn’t say anything about it. We didn’t want anyone to know.”
That was so sad, but Coryn understood where they were coming from. There was a shared shame in what had happened (or had almost happened) and no one wanted to be thought of like that, as a victim. “So you went into the army.”
He had, he explained. He’d grown increasingly angry about what had happened, thinking that if only he’d been stronger, they never would have been able to grab him like that. He’d had a growth spurt in his mid teens and had joined the army at sixteen, and that was how he’d become what he was today. His anger had turned into viciousness in battle, but that had only led to emptiness. Eventually after eight years and becoming a decorated soldier, he’d gone looking for something more. He’d found the Chosen, and it had seemed for a while like they were the answer…
“I thought I might find that Fey who’d kidnapped me,” Aras added. “But I never did, and once I realised that they couldn’t leave the Other, I knew I must have got it wrong somehow.”
“Not necessarily,” Ash suggested. “I know that Creatures can attach themselves to objects. What if they can piggyback on people too?”
“Like that man Mortimer,” Coryn said. He’d spoken with Brosca’s voice, and Coryn didn’t doubt that if someone like Brosca could possess a human, she would. It seemed exactly like something the Fey would do. “You wouldn’t have noticed, Ash. You were knocked out.”
“Oh.”
And that thought brought Coryn back to where they were now headed. Below them low puffs of cloud sat over dark green countryside, and she began to recognise their location. It wasn’t so far from Birdcage Swamp to the Compound after all, and she’d felt her heartrate speed up and her hands grow cold from panic at the knowledge.
Last time she was here Trennan and Kamile had died, and her family had forgotten her. And she was going to go into the midst of the madness, and try to steal something of value – and then what were they going to do with it? “What did you see in your vision?” she asked Ash abruptly. “How do we find the emblem?”
Ash looked startled. “Go to wherever you think the clues point, of course. You seemed to have an idea in mind. But I saw Aras holding a flask, not you.”
Ah. Aras. Relief burst through Coryn, not that she would have said anything. 
“Although it’s really up to you what you do,” Ash continued. “I don’t see set futures, only what will happen if I follow one course of action. And I saw that if we stayed at that swamp we wouldn’t find it, and if we left then we would find it. Or Aras would, anyway.”
“Did you see what happened in the middle?”
“Well…some of it, but if I tell you, then you’ll do it, and it’ll be a self-fulfilling prophecy.”
“Tell us anyway,” Aras rumbled from the back seat. “If it goes wrong we’ll just blame you.”
“That’s what I was afraid of,” Ash muttered. But she told them.



Coryn had landed the air vehicle about a half hour walk away from the Compound. They would have gone closer, but couldn’t risk being seen. Aras was just pleased to be back on solid ground. He would have died rather than show it, but being in that vehicle with Coryn made his palms sweat with fear. She was the worst driver he’d ever seen. The best he could say was that none of them had fallen out of the vehicle on the way – but that was more due to the vehicle’s protective shield than any skill of hers.
“Give me two hours,” he told them, strapping the smaller of the paraguns over his shoulder. After some brief consideration he’d decided to take the blade he’d acquired at Birdcage Swamp. Once it had a good clean it’d be a solid weapon. He didn’t like killing – much – but it was necessary at times. “If I’m not back then, go home without me.”
“If you’re not back by then, we’ll come after you,” Coryn corrected. Her pretty face was white and strained (but when wasn’t it, lately?). She hadn’t put up too much of a fuss when Ash had said he should go in instead of her, but it was clear that she wasn’t happy about it.
He gave her an even look. “I’d rather you kept yourself alive.”
“Can we just not argue?” Ash asked. She looked out of place and a little anxious, as she had most of the time since she’d arrived. “You’ll be back.” 
Aras didn’t believe Ash’s story of being a time traveller, even if Coryn did. But there was something different about her, and she’d proved useful, so they’d keep her around as long as it made sense to do so. But the moment she showed herself to be an enemy…
There were too many enemies around; both his and Coryn’s. The Elders, whichever Fey they were working with, whoever had sent the Halflings…and they’d better not forget the Sec government. But then the last had been a threat ever since Aras had decided that alter-power was something worth delving into. Even carrying the object they’d taken from the Halflings would be enough to have him tried for sedition – not that he cared. Having something that could hide him from both sight and sound was incredibly useful, and he wouldn’t give it up.
As if thinking along the same lines, Coryn held out that silver stick she’d taken to carrying around. “The light-wand,” she said. “It showed me that the lake was illusion, and it’ll show you if the emblem is where we think it is.”
The Chosen Compound, a snake, something glass-like, a birdcage, no time… Coryn had given her interpretation of the emblem’s location, and it made sense. A lot of sense, actually, but he understood why she hadn’t said anything earlier. He took the wand with a grunt of thanks, tapping his thumb on one end the way Coryn had. It began to glow with a faint light that was almost invisible in this full daylight, and testing, he also pulled out the Halflings’ disc-object and twisted its round front piece. At once it felt like all the air around him changed, and everything shimmered. His hands where he held the objects were strangely opalescent, and the same effect ran all the way down to his feet.
Alter-power. Yes. When it worked, it worked. 
“Can you see me?” he asked, and his voice sounded to his own ears as if he was speaking through water. 
“Aras?” Coryn said, eyes wide, and then let out a short laugh. “Not at all.” Then to Ash, “Did I look like this when I used it?”
Ash nodded, squinting in Aras’s approximate direction. “I had no idea where you were until you spoke. It was a bit disturbing.”
Coryn laughed again, then said to an area slightly left of where Aras stood, “Does the light-wand show you anything unusual?”
The whole world looked unusual right now, but when Aras tested turning the light-wand off then on again, he realised it was making a difference. With the light on, the two girls appeared to be covered in a golden glow, particularly Ash. It looked like gleaming oil ran in tiny rivulets from their heads down their bodies, and it shone as if reflecting the sun. Ash also had a little glowing ball inside her abdomen that almost sparkled, and he realised with a shock that either she’d swallowed a diamond, or she was expecting a child. He wondered if she knew, and if she was pleased – she’d earlier said it was only ‘a food baby’. Not everyone wanted to have children.
That made him think of Kamile, something he preferred not to do, because it brought up that same nagging guilt that he always felt. The last time he’d seen her they’d slept together. They’d been handfasted, so he didn’t have any guilt about that. It was more that he hadn’t even tried to make it good for her, because he’d been angry over the way she and Coryn had tricked him. And besides, Kamile had clearly been lying to him about something that day, something to do with those two Fey ponies he’d found once in his quarters. He still didn’t know why they’d been there, except that when he’d seen them his Fey-made arm had burned, and he’d felt absolutely furious. They’d run – yes, Fey had run from him – and he’d thought that was the end of it, until he’d seen Kamile trying to hide them that last day.
It shouldn’t matter anymore, but it did. She was dead, and there’d be no closure there.
But it was what the light-wand now revealed of Coryn that struck him the most. Swirling around the centre of her chest there were two wispy figures, one less solid than the other, and they moved around and around, their faces alternatively smiling, angry, calm… Kamile was the smaller one, but tightly, right around Coryn’s heart, was the memory of Trennan. It was clear and warm and as sharp as a wound, and Aras realised then that he had no chance with her, and never did.
He felt disappointed by that realisation, but not as much as he might have thought he would. Since he’d got to know Coryn, he’d decided she was too prickly for his tastes. In fact, he’d prefer someone who didn’t take life so seriously. And whose fiancé and best friend hadn’t been murdered, perhaps, and whose best friend he hadn’t been handfasted to, since that added a new level of awkwardness, even for two ex-Chosen. And maybe not so much younger…
But even so, Aras now recalled how Coryn had always been so wide-eyed and intent, but she’d never had a smile for him. He should have seen it earlier, but then wasn’t it so easy just to see what you wanted to see?
But there she was under the revelation of the light-wand, and he could see everything now. Perhaps with this new knowledge the tingle of attraction he’d always felt around her had lessened – or perhaps he was being hopeful. He twisted the disc-object once more, and the world went back to normal. And he still didn’t feel that same attraction. Maybe it was fading, and it could only be a good thing. 
Aras was considering that change intently enough that he didn’t at first realise that she’d been speaking to him. “What?”
“I said,” Coryn repeated gently, “that you should do something important while you’re at the Compound.”
Aras glanced up, meeting her large blue eyes straight on. “Besides getting the spirit’s blood? Something more important than that?”
“Yes.” She took a deep breath, and he realised that whatever she was about to say, she was finding it difficult. “You should get your son.”
For a moment he felt himself go cold, but then sensation returned and the sheer obviousness of what she said hit him. “Yes,” he found himself agreeing. “I should.”



Angland, 1818 AD

Edward had been feeling dreadful ever since that horrid encounter with the doctors. He’d seen the utter betrayal on George’s face, and he knew he’d be fortunate if George deigned to speak to him again in the next ten years. But he’d had the best of motives. The things George had been saying, some of the ways he’d acted ever since Ashlea had arrived, and even before that – his behaviour had been most odd. Mad, almost. So when Olivia had strongly suggested that he might benefit from some professional help…
Ah, well. Angland was full of eccentrics, what harm would one more do? By Jove, Edward wished he had thought of that before the damned quacks had come in. Now his brother had vanished, as had his possibly untrustworthy wife (George’s, not Edward’s) and he and Olivia weren’t even speaking. They would give nods of acknowledgement if they passed each other in the hall, but that seemed to be the sum total of their interaction.
Late the following night after George had gone to Whyte’s and not returned, Edward grew weary of the silence. He knocked lightly on the door connecting his room with his wife’s, then went through without waiting for a response. She was sitting in bed with her candle still alight, sewing something white.
“That can’t be very good for your eyes,” he found himself saying.
She looked up at him emotionlessly. “Is that why you came into my room? To tell me not to sew without sufficient light?”
“No. Actually, I was wondering…” About George, and about whether they would always have this…cold war of a marriage. He had heard Ashlea say that once in regards to a couple of neighbours of theirs, and while he didn’t understand the context, the idea was sound. “I was wondering what you were making,” he said instead.
Olivia held up the small white item silently. It had tiny little arms, and a long trailing skirt, and could only be one thing.
“Is it a christening gown?” Suddenly his heart leapt.
She nodded, then turned back to her sewing. “For my sister, as she’s expecting this winter. I’m putting lace around the neckline and the hem. Our mother wants to use the same one we wore, but I like this one better.”
So it wasn’t for their child. Edward looked away from the little gown, feeling a pang of intense disappointment shoot through him. It was more than merely his desire to pass on his title to an heir – it was this miserable situation with his beloved wife, where the joy of their marriage had turned to...well, ice. 
“Does that offend you, my lord?” Olivia asked after a long, awkward silence. She wanted him to leave, he knew, but he found he couldn’t. Not like this. “You look most displeased.”
“I’m not-” he began, then paused when he realised he’d been about to tell an outright lie. “I am displeased,” he said finally. “But not about the christening gown. Damnation, I could-”
“Language!”
“My apologies,” he gritted out. “As I was saying, I could not care less about your sister’s christening gown! I’m rather displeased about the state of our marriage! Will there never be any kindness between us again? Will there never be a child of our own?”
Olivia stopped sewing for a moment, but her eyes remained fixed on the fabric. “I will do my duty, my lord. As is required.”
“See! See, you just called me ‘my lord’ instead of Edward or Eddie! And I don’t want you to do your duty, Olivia! I don’t want to have one of those cold, aristocratic marriages that we vowed we’d never have! I want you to-”
“To what? To forget you have a mistress? I can’t forget that, Edward! And I can’t...” and now she looked up, and her cheeks were streaked with tears, “...I can’t forgive myself either.”
“But I don’t have a mistress,” he argued. “I told you I’d sent her away months ago, and there hasn’t been anyone since!” Not even Olivia, regrettably. “And...wait, did you say you can’t forgive yourself? Whatever for?”
She was silent for a long moment. “I did something wrong,” she replied finally, her voice low and shaky. Her hands were clenched so tightly on the christening gown that her knuckles were white. “Something very wrong, although I didn’t mean to.”
He felt the blood drain from his face. After she’d found out about Alice, he’d known the trust between them had been broken, and he’d been waiting for this day; for this admission. After all, he deserved it. “A man?” he choked out. “Revenge for my unfaithfulness?”
“Oh Edward, stop judging me by your own standards! This has nothing to do with men or infidelity, not at all. I’ve never been with anyone else ever since my first husband died, and I never shall!”
“Never?” he echoed in relief. “Not even as revenge on me for…her?”
She rolled her eyes. “No, never. Two wrongs don’t make a right, do they? And while I am so, so glad to hear that you no longer have a mistress, if that’s true-”
“It is!” By Jove, he hadn’t been celibate these last few months merely for his wife to accuse him of the crime anyway.
“But this isn’t about that,” she continued, “if you’d only let me explain.”
Edward sat down on the bed beside her. It was the closest they’d been in what felt like months. “What is it, then? What’s this terrible thing you’ve done that you don’t think I can forgive you for?”
“It’s about George,” she replied very quietly. “You’ve been wondering where he is, and I-I didn’t tell you.”
Fear and anger began to rise. “Where is he, Olivia?”
She swallowed. “He’s in the Bethel Insane Asylum.”
“WHAT?! WHY?” Bethel Insane Asylum, more commonly known as Bedlam. That was where the truly mad went, the dangerous ones. The slightly mad ones, as George seemed in danger of becoming, were simply locked up at home.
Olivia burst into tears, and it took some time to actually work out what she was trying to say. But it came out as this: that after their meeting with the doctors yesterday morning, Pennysworth had spoken to her secretly and convinced her that George was in terrible danger of losing his mind permanently. So she’d helped him set up an abduction (‘but it was for his own good, Edward, you must believe me!’) and then off George had gone to Bedlam or whatever they were calling it these days. 
“And then I saw Dr Pennysworth this morning at the biannual meeting of the Society for the Exploration of Alter-power, Occult and the Supernatural,” she continued earnestly. “Speaking about the possibilities of time travel! That hardly sounds like a man who thinks George is mad! And he acted most strangely when I confronted him. Why Edward…I think the doctor might be up to no good.”
He was silent for a long moment, trying to take in what she’d told him. Bedlam. His poor brother was in an insane asylum, and perhaps even at the mercy of a man who believed him. Was that better or worse than cold-water treatments? “And we haven’t seen his wife in near as long. You didn’t have anything to do with that, I hope?”
“No! I don’t know where Ashlea is,” she replied hastily. “But if you ask me, her disappearance is rather suspicious. It seems proof that she is exactly as we feared.”
“Perhaps.” Edward stood abruptly. He needed to think this over. 
“Edward?” she called querulously.
He turned at the door leading to his room. “What?”
“I…I understand, if you can’t forgive this. But please realise it was done with good intentions.”
He looked at her face, wet-eyed and red-nosed, with her fair hair coming loose from its long plait. She didn’t look nearly as beautiful as he was accustomed, but he felt a wave of affection come over him nonetheless. “Oh, Livvy.” He walked back and sat beside her, pulling her into his side. “Of course I forgive you. Never, ever make such a decision without consulting me again, but I forgive you.”
She snuffled and buried her wet face into his armpit, and then he asked a little hesitantly, “What you said about forgiving me, you meant that?”
She looked up at him. “Yes. I cannot think that I’ll forget it, but I shall try. But don’t you ever, ever do it again!” she said, echoing his words. “But I forgive you. I have to, because I can’t stand the way things have been between us.”
Edward sighed in profound relief. Those last few words seemed more dear to him than when she’d said, ‘yes, I’ll marry you’ more than a year earlier. Learning about George’s adventures seemed a strange way to improve his mood, but Edward knew George would be fine. They’d go in to get him first thing in the morning, and set him up with a nice quiet place in some small village where his eccentricities would be overlooked. But it was Edward and Livvy whose future had truly been in danger, and now they finally seemed on their way to safety. 

The next morning the two of them arrived in an unmarked coach at the Bethel Asylum. The asylum guard who greeted them looked absolutely baffled when they asked after George. “I’m sorry, my lord. I don’t know of any Mister George Seymour currently staying here.”
The confusion on his face looked genuine, and Olivia stepped forward. She said graciously, “All of my dealings were with Dr Pennysworth. He seemed to think a level of secrecy necessary, and I…”
“Of course,” the guard said smoothly. “Er…I shall go find him, then.”
Edward and Olivia exchanged concerned glances. “It seems that he was less than honest with his own colleagues as well,” she murmured after the man had gone. “Perhaps George is here, but under another name.”
“Or perhaps he isn’t here at all,” Edward said grimly. 
“Oh, surely not. Why would Dr Pennysworth want to do such a thing?”
It was a mystery to him as well. It took a long time for the first man to retrieve the doctor, and finally when they came back, he looked both guilty and worried.
“We’ve come to take my brother home,” Edward told him with every inch of aristocratic snobbery that he could summon. “Now.”
Dr Pennysworth swallowed. “I am afraid…that Mr Seymour is…currently indisposed.”
“I’ve heard what you do in such places,” Edward insisted, “and that is not a good sign. I want him back, now, regardless of his condition.” Beside him Olivia had her hand on his arm, her grip tight with worry, and he was beginning to feel the same way.
“That’s the problem.” The doctor swallowed again, looking very nervous now. “Your brother left the institution just last night.”
“Where did you take him?” Olivia cried out.
“Not I,” Dr Pennysworth replied testily. “He took himself. He overpowered the guard somehow, and left.”
“Overpowered the guard?” Edward echoed. “Here in Bedlam? How?”
“We don’t know,” the doctor replied, licking his lips. He looked rather more excited now, and he kept touching a reddish spot on his forehead for some reason. “It is a question that we are most fascinated to answer. You see, he seemed to have a sort of weapon which incapacitated the guards – and others. But he certainly didn’t have it on the first day or he would have used it, would he not? So someone must have smuggled it to him, but he had no visitors.” 
“It sounds as though the guards are making excuses for their poor performance,” Edward snapped. “And how do we know you’re even telling the truth? You seemed to have no trouble going around me to get to my wife. How do we know that poor George isn’t simply hidden away elsewhere, for heaven knows what reason!”
Dr Pennysworth pulled himself as tall as he could manage, gathering his tattered dignity. “I have done no such thing. But as for your question, I have evidence.”

Eventually they had to admit defeat. The guards in question insisted that George had in fact overpowered them, and they had all woken up with some sort of goo stuck to them. It seemed to cause paralysis in any who touched it, though, so they’d kept it aside in containment. They would have showed it to Edward and Olivia if it hadn’t disintegrated overnight. Edward insisted on speaking to the head of the asylum, but even he had nothing to add, although he did give Dr Pennysworth a rather nasty glare.
Finally, when nothing more could be done, Edward turned on the two of them. “If I find out that my brother has still been here a single moment longer than you’ve told us, I will come down on you with the full force of the law. Is that understood?”
They understood. Whether for right or wrong, a man with money and a title could bend the law almost any way he desired.
Back at the townhouse Olivia looked utterly defeated. She just sat there in the parlour, her cup of tea untouched, and her teeth worrying her lower lip.
“Don’t fret,” Edward told her with more confidence than he felt. “If George has escaped as they said, then he is certainly more than capable of looking after himself. His particular…confusion is not the sort to make him incapable. Perhaps he’s even with Ashlea,” he added hopefully.
“Perhaps,” she agreed half-heartedly. “But Edward, he left his snuff box behind. Surely if he’d intended to go for longer then he’d have taken it with him?”
“George doesn’t take snuff,” he replied in surprise. “I hadn’t even noticed he carried a snuff box.” It was a demmed filthy habit anyway. Edward had tried it a couple of times, but only ended up sneezing all over the place. Hardly appealing, and unlike cigars, hardly healthful.
“It’s in your study. I saw that he’d left it there when…when the doctors came.”
Then it was no surprise that Edward had missed it, because he barely went into that study, and hadn’t at all in the last week but for the doctors’ visit. He shrugged, having nothing better to do at that point. “Let’s have a look, then.”
The two of them trooped down the hall to the study, and the small silver snuff box was sitting off to the side of his big mahogany desk, presumably just as it had been left.
“He always carries that with him,” Olivia said. “You’re correct in that he doesn’t seem to use it, though.”
Edward picked it up. It was rather heavier than it looked, and when he went to open it, it was as if the lid was sealed shut. “Demmed thing is jammed,” he swore, then glanced guiltily at his wife. “I do apologise for my language-”
“Never mind that,” she said impatiently. “Let me have a try.” Then when he handed it to her, she studied it briefly before slamming it hard against the wooden table. Edward jolted in surprise, and she handed the now open box back to him with a smug smile. “One of my hairpin cases is much the same, and my maid opens it in the same way each morning.”
Just making sure she was awake, clearly.
But inside the box was a most odd item. It looked like a very small black brick, and with a little effort they forced the object free from its casing. “I wonder what on earth it’s made of,” Edward mused, poking it curiously. “Oh, look, the whole thing splits in half.” And indeed it did; the ‘brick’ now seemed half as thin and twice as wide, and looked rather like a very small book. On one side was a large, flat grey square, and on the other were many soft, raised little squares in regimented patterns. Each was marked with symbols that were almost too small to read. 
“What is it?”
“I’ve absolutely no idea. But George always did like devices,” he commented. “The more unusual, the better.” He pressed a few of the squares, noting how they indented with slight pressure, and then pressed the one on the side of the device.
Suddenly the plain side of the device flashed white and green, and a dreadful squawking noise emitted. Edward swore again (but then it had been a very trying day) and almost dropped the thing, fumbling and bouncing it around in the air before finally catching it again. The newly colourful device continued to flash and change before finally settling into a pretty pattern with strange, simple text on one side.
“That’s the sound from the other day,” Olivia said decisively from where she was crowding at his shoulder. “We all heard it, remember, and thought it was a music box.”
“Some sort of music box.” But fascinated, Edward began to press buttons at random, noting how the image changed with each one. A picture appeared suddenly. It was a miniature of a dark-haired girl smiling – George’s Ashlea.
Edward and Olivia exchanged horrified glances. “What-”
Suddenly the small portrait shot up to fill the whole base of the music box, glowing like a little moon, and he dropped the thing with an unmanly shriek. It bounced on the floor and skidded to land under the desk.
“George?” came Ashlea’s voice as if from right next to him. It sounded as if she was speaking through a tunnel – the words slightly distorted. 
“Ashlea?” He spun around looking for her. “Where are you?”
“Well, not at home,” she replied, still unseen. “I guess you didn’t get my message.”
“Er…no?”
“Oh.” The sound held a world of meaning. “Then I probably should tell you where I am. But I’m afraid that if I do, then we’ll argue again.”
“Er…” He was still looking around the room, trying to find where on earth she was speaking to him from, when Olivia gave him a tap on the shoulder and mutely pointed at the device where it lay on the ground. The sound was coming from that. She tentatively picked it up and set it down on the desk before them. She thinks you’re George, she mouthed. But then their voices were quite similar at times.
“Are you alright?” the strange device-Ashlea asked. Her accent was also different from what they were accustomed to hearing. He’d have commented on how she’d clearly been hiding her low-class origins, except that he was so, so startled by how they were even communicating.
Edward coughed loudly and dramatically. “Eurhumm. Hmm. Yes, quite well. Erhm…where did you say you were?”
There was a long pause. “You sound strange – but then I suppose it’s the distance. I’m in a place called Lile. Mid-third millennium, somewhere in east Europa. There’s a bit going on here…and, well, I might be a while before coming back.”
He and Olivia exchanged shocked looks. He didn’t know if he believed her – but oh, perhaps with this odd little brick thing he might believe her just a little. “And how,” Edward asked cautiously, “did you get there so quickly?”
“I found another gateway, of course! I told you about that already, right after you bailed me out of gaol. You said you’d come check it out with me, but I guess you were too annoyed still. You really must let that go, you know. That man lied.”
“Gaol?!” Olivia burst out. 
Ashlea must have heard through the odd little device, because she asked, “Is there someone there with you?”
Edward didn’t answer. The device had begun to emit a rhythmic beep noise, and in truth he didn’t know what to say. Gaol was the last of their troubles.
“Hello,” Ashlea repeated. “Are you still there?”
Edward opened his mouth to answer – and perhaps to confess his deception – when suddenly the device’s bright screen flashed once, then turned back to grey. “I’m here. But I have a confession to make. It’s actually Edward. We don’t know where George is.”
The device stayed silent.
“Ashlea…?”
“Perhaps it only works when it’s colourful,” Olivia suggested. They studied the device together, pressing the soft squares and even a couple of times banging it against the side of the table. But aside from emitting a single, mournful red light, the black brick-thing stayed stubbornly dark and silent, and finally they had to give up.
“Well, we do know one thing,” Edward said finally. “He’s not with his wife.”
Although where in the world she was, was another story. 

8.      Theft and Propaganda

Lunden 1818 AD, the night before

George walked quickly along the darkened Lunden streets, heading towards Tolliver’s Bookseller’s. Anne had said Ashlea had gone through a remnant gateway just outside the shop, both her and the baby.
He had a brief moment of panic when he thought of that last part, then shook it off, deciding in that moment that they would have to stay in her time. Women almost never died in childbirth there, and she’d be just fine. (His sudden, dramatic change of opinion may have also been influenced by his recent experiences, of course.) 
In the darkness the remnant gateway gleamed like a handful of stars, and he barely paused for breath before stepping through. His timing couldn’t have been better; he had heard shouts from behind him as he’d reached it. Police, drunkards, men from the asylum, who knew? But now they’d be left wondering where he’d gone.
There was the usual little tingle as George stepped through the gateway, then it was as if the sun turned on and he was standing in a dirty, crowded street. It was daylight here, and the surroundings reminded him a little of post-war Frencia, except there was something to the architecture that suggested it was closer to Ashlea’s time than his own. Oh, and the flashing lights might have something to do with that. There were a few people standing around in too-bright clothing, one or two walking past, and they all looked vaguely European, and besides which if any of them were female, he couldn’t tell.
George pushed aside any sense of embarrassment over his clearly out-of-place garments and straightened his shoulders, studying the scenery for any tall, dark-haired women in Regency clothing. He searched fruitlessly for a few minutes, wandering the narrow streets between very tall buildings. Then he came to a rise where he could see the whole, vast city, reaching higher than he could fathom and stretching far into the horizon…
His brain might have temporarily switched off at the sheer expanse before him. By Jove, perhaps it would be worth asking for directions, just this once.
He headed back the way he’d come, spotting a likely-looking fellow near the remnant gateway. “Excuse me, good sir,” George greeted him politely. “Have you seen a tall, beautiful, dark-haired woman?”
“I couldn’t understand a word you just said,” the man replied in another language. “Speak Lilluanian, or bogger off.”
George’s translation device had effortlessly changed the words into Anglish, but he was still taken back by the man’s rudeness. Nobly restraining his own rather brusque response (involving idle, slack-jawed idiots), he repeated the question in that same language.
The (slack-jawed, idiotic) man raised his eyebrows, and he grinned. “A beautiful, dark-haired woman? Just through that door, you’re sure to find her.” And then he pointed to a wide doorway nearby.
George studied it suspiciously. There was a sign over the doorway with unreadable text – no doubt in ‘Lilluanian’, whatever that was – and even as he watched, a couple of young girls wandered out, chattering to each other happily. He glanced at the man once more, who gave him a greasy smile and a thumbs up, and sighed. He wasn’t sure if Ashlea would have gone in here, but he could at least look, right?
Inside the building was completely, unexpectedly dark, and rather unpleasantly damp. A bright light flashed in his eyes, and then images were flickering around him, like the time he’d gone to the cinema with Ashlea in the 21st century and the film had broken. He blinked twice, feeling quite irritated and off balance, and wishing fervently that he could just find his blasted wife! and the next thing he was back in their home in the 21st, on the slightly aged couch in the sitting room. Ashlea sat on the other side on the large window seat, looking out at their small, green garden. It looked pretty and lush, and so did she, with her dark hair loose over her back in a way she couldn’t wear it in 1818.
He didn’t speak, but she turned to smile at him over her shoulder. “Hello, darling.”
George grinned back in relief. She wasn’t angry after all, and his own upset over the last day or two seemed to just fade away. “Hello to you too. My word, what luck that this turned out to be an entry straight into your time! How long have you been here? And you’re not too angry with me, I hope,” he added cautiously.
“I’m not at all angry,” she replied gently. “I’ve realised what the problem was. I was wrong, darling. I was wrong, and you were right. I should commit myself to fitting in perfectly with your people – after all, they are much more civilised than my own. Do forgive me, and perhaps I can make it up to you?”
“You’re completely forgiven,” George said graciously, but then seeing that she was approaching him with a seductive expression he added quickly, “but perhaps you should make it up to me as well.”
She smiled at him, and then all of a sudden she was wearing his favourite outfit (his favourite on her, not on him) which consisted of a mix of lace and satin, and not very much of either.
“Not that I mind,” he said hazily, distracted by the bountiful flesh and how very well she looked today, “but how did you change your clothes like that? Is it a new gift of some kind?”
“If you want it to be,” she said. “I can be anything you want me to be.” And as he pondered that statement coming from his wife (because it sounded out of character, and because he last remembered hearing something similar from a nightwalker when he was sixteen – luckily he hadn’t taken her up on the offer) she flickered and all of a sudden she was that sleazy, overly made-up girl…
George screamed a very bad word, and suddenly the scene around him changed and he was back in that dark, damp room, with who-knew-what hidden in its depths. He turned and ran for the door, fumbling for his borrowed weapon as he did so. Then once he’d escaped he stood outside staring in horror at that seemingly innocent building that housed shapeshifters. Horrid, dreadful shapeshifters that disguised themselves as people’s wives!
Again. How many times was a man expected to put up with things like these? Because that certainly hadn’t been Ashlea, oh no. He should have known as soon as she’d told him he was right.
George trained his weapon on the door, but no one followed him out, and all he could hear was his own pounding heart and what sounded like…cackling? 
It was the man who’d pointed him into the place, and he was laughing like a loon. “You found your lady, did you? Ha ha!” And then he burst into obnoxious laughter again.
“I say, that’s not at all amusing,” George said icily, fixing the weapon on his new target. “What was that place? Are you in cahoots with one of the Creatures? Tell me!”
“I don’t know what cahoots is,” the man replied, sobering, “but where are you from that you don’t know a VR site when you see one?”
“VR?”
“Virtual reality, fool.”
A memory prodded at George’s mind then flooded in, and he lowered his weapon to the ground. Virtual reality…by Jove, he hated surprises like these! “So it was all in my mind?”
“Sure was. Now I want to know what you saw that scared you so good?”
Argh. Argh. As if he’d tell! “For your information, I was speaking to my wife when she suddenly turned into…someone else. It startled me, that’s all,” George said with dignity.
The slack-jawed idiot let out another hoot of laughter. “VR’s shaped by your mind, fool! Whatever you saw, it was because you wanted to see it.”
“I most certainly did not want to see- Oh, for heaven’s sake,” George muttered, realising he was being drawn into an argument with someone who did not know where Ashlea was, nor had anything of worth to say. “I have somewhere to be.”
“Yeah, finding a beautiful lady,” the man sneered. “Don’t we all.” But then his gaze fixed on the weapon in George’s hand. “Hey, is that a paragun? You got a license for that?”
License? Paragun? George looked down at the weapon, realising for the first time that he might be breaking a law by holding such a thing. He still didn’t know where he was, or even when, except that it was surely sometime after the early 21st century. He casually slipped the gun back inside his jacket. “I have no idea what you’re talking about. If you’ll excuse me, I need to-”
“Paragun,” the other man said again. “I saw it. In your hand. You got a license for that?”
George pulled the weapon out again, looking at it as though seeing it for the first time. “What, this thing?”
“Yes, that! Cosmos, you’re the biggest fool I’ve ever met! Is it a paragun or not?”
Pop. One single shot, and a little blue gob of gel struck the rude, slack-jawed idiot on the forehead. His eyes widened, and he slumped to the ground.
“I do believe it is a paragun,” George said thoughtfully to himself. “And no, I do not have a license.” He slipped the weapon back into his jacket, checked to make sure no one had seen (they hadn’t) then ran for it.

Perhaps not the finest idea he’d ever had, George mused some time later. He’d wandered the increasingly complicated streets for a good hour, and had even lost track of where the original gateway was, when he saw a familiar figure in the distance. She was small and wore a simple grey tunic, but that red hair could only belong to one person.
“Anne!” George picked up his pace, attempting to catch her attention, but she didn’t slow, instead disappearing around a corner. And then when he reached that corner, he just saw a glimpse of her before she vanished into what was apparently a solid wall.
It was another remnant gateway, he saw once he reached it. And he’d almost come full circle, because he stood in the same square as when he’d first arrived. The gateway to 1818 was just over the other side. He could feel it from here.
Choices, choices! Either Anne had intended for him to see her and follow her, in which case he really ought to do so at once, or it was a startling coincidence.
Ha. There were no coincidences, not like this. Not when Anne was coming from the Mountain of Glass, and not when Amaranthus was involved. So George squared his shoulders, checked again that no one was watching, and stepped through. 



Lile, 2598 AD, present time

Ash put down her phone with a frown, slipping it back into the pocket of the loose trousers Coryn had bought her. George’s call had just cut off suddenly, hinting at low battery, and he’d never had the chance to tell her why he’d called.
Oh, well. He could explain it when she went back home – hopefully with a decent apology for his rude behaviour.
“What was that?” Coryn asked curiously from where she sat on the ground, leaning against the air vehicle where it was parked in a quiet, grassy glade a few miles north east of the Compound. Aras had left a good twenty minutes before. “Some kind of communicator? It’s very large.”
“It is about five hundred years out of date,” Ash replied, not offended even though her smartphone was more expensive than really could be justified, and had all the latest apps, unlike George’s old brick. And it had managed to work with what had to be extremely limited cell reception (and that was actually improbable, the more she thought about it). OK, so she was a bit offended, but she brushed it off. “It’s my mobile phone, and that was my husband.”
“Oh? What did he want?”
“I don’t know. The call cut off.”
“That’s not very efficient,” Coryn pointed out. “Can’t you reconnect?”
Ash gave her a narrow glare. “As I said, five hundred years out of date. Besides, we had a fight before I left, and he didn’t apologise. Whatever he’s got to say, it can just wait until I get back home.”
The other girl was silent for a while. “Do you love him?”
“Of course! We’re married, aren’t we?” Against all probability and cultural expectations – both his and hers. In her time they said she was too young, and in his time they said she was too low-class. But then married people didn’t always love each other, or retain that feeling. “I do,” she added. “Even though he can be really annoying and unfair, and his home time is absolutely rubbish to be in if you’re female.”
Coryn nodded knowingly. “Ah, one of those barbaric societies where women are treated like slaves. I’ve heard of those. Do they make you wear restrictive clothing and do all the work? Or you don’t have any rights under the law? Or they pass you around from man to man like you’re chattel?”
Ash’s jaw had dropped. “Uh…well, there are corsets, and we don’t work as such, it’s more that it’s we’re not allowed to. Um…they’re quite rabid about women keeping to their own husbands, actually. And what’s chattel?”
Coryn shrugged. “I don’t know. Something people don’t like being, I understand.”
“Oh.” Feeling a bit silly, Ash sat down beside the other girl in the shelter of the air vehicle. The grass was a bit damp, but there weren’t any prickles. “Maybe it’s not all that bad,” she admitted grudgingly. “But his family doesn’t like me, and I don’t fit in there. I like my time better.” 
“So you’re from different times, then. Do you like your time better because you’re used to it, or because it is better?”
Good question. “Definitely the first. Maybe the second. Well, in some ways.” Ash paused thoughtfully. “Except even at my home, I have to constantly watch what I’m saying. We’ve got this ongoing lie about who George is and where he’s from – I even lie to my family, and I hate that! But I can’t see any way around it. And we have to hide our extra abilities too. The only time we can be honest about it is when we’re away from both of our times, and we don’t have any reputation to lose.”
“It’s like me living in the city,” Coryn said. “Except for with Aras, I can’t talk about where I grew up, or what it was like. I can’t talk about my special abilities, and I definitely can’t talk about my dead friends. Because the Sec government would want to know all about it, and it wouldn’t end out well for me or for anyone still living in the Compound. I don’t fit.”
Ash pulled her knees into her chest, feeling a little depressed. It wasn’t as though she and George had any other options for long-term homes. “Is the Sec government so bad, then?” 
“Depends who you ask,” Coryn replied flatly. “Seems bad enough to me.”
There was a long silence where they both sat glumly, contemplating how imperfect life was.
“And the thing is,” Coryn added suddenly, “I still don’t know why Brosca killed Trennan. The Chosen said it was because he was a traitor, and that made sense for why they killed Kamile. But Trennan said he knew where the emblem was! Or at least they thought he knew where it was. So why would they kill him before they got the information?”
Now this was all new to Ash, and she obviously had no idea as to the motives of such villains. But Coryn didn’t seem to care. Like a dam breaking, she kept talking; more than Ash had ever heard her speak before, and with more enthusiasm. “But then he had just told me about the clues. I don’t even know why he had them, did you know that? He just told me he’d been given them, and we never got the chance to talk it through, because the Chosen came and took us. We thought we were going to be handfasted! But they just killed him instead.”
Handfasting. Ash knew that was an old-fashioned kind of marriage, although it surprised her to hear this term used here of all places. But poor Coryn, to go through that. Ash could barely imagine it. “Sounds like the Chosen didn’t know that Trennan knew about the emblem,” she ventured. “Or maybe they thought you knew.”
“They would’ve had to be listening in to hear that kind of thing,” Coryn replied. She was staring vaguely into the green distance, restlessly twisting a small silver ring on her finger. “But then if they’d been listening somehow, then they’d have known that I didn’t know, that I’d barely been told anything. And yet after I escaped, Brosca contacted me through someone else, asking me to come back, to tell her where the emblem was. Someone even tried to kidnap me on the day I ran into Aras, and before that, someone tried to steal the light-wand, calling it an ‘emblem’, even though it isn’t. They didn’t get it, though.” She narrowed her eyes. “So sometime in the five months I was missing in the Other, Brosca found out that I might know where the emblem was. I bet she was kicking herself for missing the opportunity earlier.”
If Brosca was a Creature, then Ash would bet ‘she’ was actually an ‘it’. But instead she said, “Did you ever take a drink from that vial?”
“No. Why would I?”
Because Anne had specifically told her to? “As I said before. If it’s come from Amaranthus, it’ll have value. Besides, you said that it had something written on it. What does it say?”
“Something odd.” Coryn pulled out the little glass vial, studying its lid. “Oh, here it is. ‘Flight’.”
Ash turned to stare at her in amazement. “Flight?! It says ‘flight’?”
Coryn didn’t seem to get it. “As I said, it’s nonsense.”
And then Ash started to laugh, and laugh, and laugh…



The Compound looked just the same as it had half a year earlier, before Aras had left. The weather was the comfortable coolness of early spring, and the typically Lilluanian countryside was lush and green around the tall stone walls of the Chosen Compound. Of course they were mostly for show and always had been – the road might enter through the wide gates at the very front, but all you needed to do was stealthily walk around the walls and dodge the occasional tree down the sides. Besides, past the ‘walls’ the gardens extended vastly into well-tended fields, and were always full of workers. Subsistence living wasn’t easy.
The whole area was about five hundred metres in length and the same in width, if you didn’t count the Other which ran all the way down the back border. They didn’t count it, and neither did the government. The Chosen had always aimed to look like a gated community rather than an actual cult, and one of the ways they did that was through minimal use of technology. Links were strictly forbidden within the walls, as were most other similar devices. They did not want the strictly Sec government looking in on their activities.
Aras understood that better now he knew that human sacrifice was a part of the aforementioned activities. But here, standing on the road which led in through those gates, it was hard to believe such a thing would happen. He could hear people talking inside, and the quiet hum of activity was soothing. He wondered where Ric was…
The roar of the vehicle coming up behind was so sudden he was taken by surprise. He turned just in time to see an enormous hover-vehicle, one made for carrying large loads. It was coming right at him and he barely had time to think before he was sucked into the undertow of air, and he felt the whole thing run over him. 
Aras didn’t panic. He was good at not panicking; that was why he’d been such a good soldier. So he just lay there on the hard ground, feeling the underbelly of the huge vehicle skim over him for what seemed like a very long time, and reminding himself that they couldn’t see him. Or hear him, or even sense him there. It was an accident.
Finally the vehicle passed over, and he sat up and turned to watch. The driver, a dark-haired man, kept moving forward as though nothing had happened – but for him, nothing had.
Shaken, and determined to be more careful, Aras got to his feet and went on his way.



Mortimer and his unwanted companion had been tracking the girl through the use of a conduit, one that had been there so long the humans barely questioned its presence. But suddenly, barely a couple of hours ago, they’d lost connection after the time traveller carelessly had spoken some words of power. The Creature had managed to rebuild the link enough to track the girl to Birdcage Swamp, but they no longer knew where she was.
At the swamp they found one very dead Halfling, and another battered but still alive, trying to crawl away on the muddy ground. When the Halfling saw Mortimer (and his lovely assortment of weapons) his fear rolled off him like fog. Mortimer didn’t need to have enhanced senses to notice that.
Excellent. It was hard to get accurate information from someone who wasn’t scared enough to give it, and this Halfling had sung like a bird.
Come through to the Other, the Creature instructed Mortimer. We will get more from him there.
Mortimer ignored the instruction. He’d never even consider putting himself at such risk, especially not while his power was so low. The Creature in his head hissed in anger, then was silent. 
He continued with his questions. “You say that Coryn Regindotir was with the soldier and the time traveller?”
The Halfling nodded his lumpy head painfully. “Yes.”
That’s nothing we don’t already know. Ask him which Creature he is working for.
Mortimer ignored that too. The Creature had the idea that some other Creature was trying to usurp its place, and frankly he didn’t care. He wanted the emblem, and then he’d kill the girl. “Did you hear them say anything about where they were going?”
The Halfling hadn’t had a chance to answer before something new and very unwanted happened. The Creature, who up until then had been a mere backseat driver except for the occasional bossiness in VR, leaned in and took over Mortimer’s body. Suddenly he found himself pushed aside in his own consciousness, watching in horrified, furious silence as though from the sidelines as the Creature spoke through his mouth. Not VR: his real mouth.
It reached down with his arms and put a hand around the Halfling’s throat, and its voice came dry and horrible through vocal cords unused to such things. “Who are you working for?”
The Halfling stuttered, and Mortimer saw his own hand tighten around the throat, pushing painfully upwards against the jaw. Not enough to kill, but enough to cause terrible discomfort. “Tell me now, or I will separate your head from your worthless body.” The grip tightened further, and they both saw it was no empty threat. With the Creature operating Mortimer’s body it had a new, terrible strength.
“Th-the White P-prince,” the Halfling choked out. 
Suddenly the hand loosened. “That is not possible,” it said silkily through Mortimer’s mouth. “He would as soon devour you as work with you. Tell me who.” The grip tightened again.
“It’s true!” the Halfling cried. “That’s what he told us! A huge, white, winged Creature…”
The Creature inhabiting Mortimer’s body suddenly leaned forward and smelled their cringing captive’s neck. It scented something dark and dry, and then the Creature retreated and left so quickly that Mortimer almost stumbled. The Halfling looked up at him fearfully. “Please don’t kill me,” he beseeched.
Mortimer stared down at him, the feeling of reinhabiting his own body almost a shock after what had just happened. His fury was a cold tight ball inside him, and when that Creature came back, it was going to have a surprise…
He didn’t answer the Halfling, and it was a sign of how unsettled he was that he just turned and walked away, leaving the other man grovelling in the mud. Some things were more important than gathering power.



The Old City, the Other Realm

The Creature swept into the ruins of its old home on a wave of righteous fury. It knew the scent that the Halfling had carried, yes it did, and the one who dared to challenge it for possession of the emblems would suffer.
“GERAK!” it roared.
A moment later the familiar shape appeared. Taller and larger than the Creature itself, Gerak’s most notable features were his huge, curving tusks, and less obviously, the small pair of shrivelled wings that hung off his huge back. They were the souvenir of a failed attempt to steal from the old enemy: booby trapped of course, and therefore useless. “What d’you want, Broxa?”
The Creature turned on him, emanating pure rage, and Gerak went flying across the room to land against the stone wall with an audible crack. The Creature followed, shoving him against the wall with one hand around his neck. He struggled, but the Creature had always been stronger, regardless of size. That was why it was second in charge, and Gerak only third.
“I found your scent on a couple of mongrels out searching for my emblem,” it hissed. “Not the first time, but now I know it’s you, even if you did use a false name.” It slammed him against the wall a few more times to prove its point, and the stone began to fracture, raining down silt on both their heads. They ignored it.
 “Not your emblem,” Gerak said sulkily. “It’s supposed to be for the Tiger, isn’t it.”
It was a statement not a question, but even that reminder didn’t soothe Broxa’s rage. “The Tiger set me to get the thing! Not you! I don’t need to be constantly competing even amongst my own people!”
Gerak’s piggy eyes glittered in sullen defiance. “It doesn’t have your name on it.”
For a moment there the Creature was overwhelmed with fury and couldn’t even speak. Gerak was clearly jostling for position, because if he could find the emblem for the Tiger then he’d no doubt be promoted to second in charge, the place Broxa had held for the last seven hundred years. The previous second in charge…well, they weren’t dead, but they weren’t moving either. No one challenged the Tiger, and no one challenged Broxa, either. Except for this pig-headed fool, who dared to pretend to be the White Prince.
Among Creatures only the White Prince was strong enough to challenge even the Tiger, but he wasn’t interested in position, instead living on his own and gathering power in his own way. He hadn’t used his own name in millennia, either. He used variations of similar-sounding names, but never the original; since he believed that the power that using his own name would bring was not worth the vulnerability, the chance of being controlled. The Tiger thought the same way, and it and the White Prince tended to avoid each other. If Gerak managed to get the emblem by pretending to be the White Prince, then the Tiger wouldn’t care how he’d got it. He’d be awarded accordingly…and Broxa would be demoted.
Broxa was so, so angry! It sent a blast of furious power pounding at the bigger Creature. The pressure was so great that Gerak’s form began to ripple like a dog with its head out the window of a moving vehicle, and subtle tears began to show. It would take a lot to truly rip him to pieces, but it could be done. Of course, it would only be until he managed to put himself back together…
“Mercy!” Gerak choked out. It wasn’t the lack of breath, since he didn’t breathe, but even the immortal undead could feel pain.
The Creature held the pressure a little longer until the other’s tusks began to show cracks, and then relented. “Of the two of us, you know who holds the power,” it said in a steely cold voice. “Let me tell you now, if I find that you’re still trying to get hold of that emblem, I will tear you into pieces so small that your allies won’t be able to find them to put you back together. Understood?”
“Understood,” Gerak agreed, and the lie was clear. Not because he looked like he was lying, but because he would always lie. They both knew that. He’d still try to get the emblem, since they both knew that it was worth the threat of any violence.
“You are aware I’ve been using the soldier’s prosthetic to spy on the girl,” Broxa said more casually, as if it hadn’t just threatened to destroy him. “And I know that I alone hold access to that conduit. And I know that you planted some children’s toy near to where the girl worked, because I saw your minion Cobie cast away just this morning. But what other conduit have you been using to watch Coryn Regindotir?”
“There’s no other conduit,” Gerak grunted.
Broxa just kept staring at him, and its grip tightened around Gerak’s neck. There was a pause where it looked like he considered whether to continue with the weak lie, be tortured, and then tell, or whether to just tell and avoid the pain. “Fine,” he finally relented. “I’ll tell you what it is.” 
“No, you’ll give me the link. Now.”
Gerak lifted his hand reluctantly, and a small wisp of silvery blue followed his fingers, hanging like a ribbon of smoke. Broxa lifted its hand and the blue wisp shot through the air and attached to its own hand instead. It spent a moment being reluctantly impressed by what the conduit actually was – since it knew the moment the link touched its fingers – then clutched its hand tight shut. It didn’t say thank you. “Do not cross me in this matter again.”
Gerak stayed silent, and Broxa turned and left. But it didn’t rush back to its carrier, the ‘god of death’ who’d come to dislike it so intensely. Instead it just stayed there in the Old City, thinking. Humans became a little less useful when they started to rebel, but that didn’t make them impossible to use.
It looked down at the conduit again, then closed its eyes and stepped into that place where it could see and hear and smell exactly everything around the link. Barely two moments passed and Broxa’s orange eyes snapped open again. It knew exactly what to do next to get what it really wanted.



The Chosen Compound

Harry the python’s cage was in the same room as it had always been, in the same place. It was about five feet wide by three feet deep by the same height, which would be fine had the python been a small one, but it wasn’t.
Or hadn’t been, might be more accurate. Through the clear plastiglass of the cage Aras could see a very large, very long snake skeleton, as well as other smaller sets of bones. A small, thin, black snake sat coiled in the corner of the cage – no doubt the reason for the condition of the other snakes. Harry had been ousted by an extremely venomous black border snake. It was called that because it was usually only found on the Borderlands, and its venom was so wickedly, strangely lethal that it had to have an Otherly influence. Rumour had it that it was used in assassinations, on the tips of poisoned darts.
Aras swore quietly to himself. He might have been using the Halfling’s disc-object which hid his presence, but he didn’t know if the border snake had senses that went beyond the natural. Little monster. He would have almost felt sorry for the python had he not had a dislike for all reptiles and snakes in particular. 
Glass, but not glass. A serpent. Something that returns to where it came from. An unwelcome mat, and a birdcage…
He studied the cage with interest, trying to work out what that last part meant, and to spot the flask if it was even in there. Perhaps it was hidden inside a false level of the cage, because there was nothing in sight.
Aras held up the light-wand, and once again the atmosphere shimmered and changed, revealing things that had been hidden. And there it was. The spirit’s blood flask. Small, brown and leathery, inscribed with mysterious designs, and sitting right in the middle of the large python skeleton as if it had been eaten once upon a time, but never digested. Aras had a moment of thinking he’d been set up (why else would it be so obviously located?) when he realised that the Chosen didn’t know everything. After all, they hadn’t had the light-wand to show the way.
He carefully lifted off the rather hefty lid, accidently picking off the top half of it and revealing a second, small cage inside the lid. Inside was a little sawdust, a few seeds, and a startled-looking red robin. It studied him with one beady dark eye, head crooked in that typical birdlike manner, and then after a long, delayed pause, flapped its way out of the cage to settle on the nearby bookshelf, watching him all the while.
And there it was. The mysterious birdcage – not a swamp: a literal cage.
“You’re welcome,” he murmured to it, then froze. The bird had seen him, hadn’t it? Was he not hidden to animals after all? He looked down at the border snake in dismay. He’d grab the flask in a moment if he knew it wouldn’t bite him, but caution urged that it would be wiser to use something else.  It also occurred to him just then that if anyone came into the room they’d see a cage lid apparently hovering by itself in the air – possibly not the best way to hide his presence, even if he was invisible.
So as quickly as he could, Aras slipped out of his pocket the Switzer army knife that he’d carried ever since he’d left the army. Of course it had a knife, but there was also a series of other gadgets which definitely came in handy. Like this long fold-out arm with a little hook on the end. He had only used it a couple of times over the years, but if it worked even this once, it would be enough.
He carefully reached the long arm through the small gap in the cage, knocking aside the python’s bones and catching the hook around the little neck of the flask. The black snake stirred and he froze for a moment, then when it didn’t react further, slowly returned to what he was doing. But then, when he’d almost lifted the flask out of the cage, the snake struck, rising up and lunging for the hook arm in an almost invisibly fast, fluid motion. It hit the arm with a clang, barely marking the metal but leaving a streak of shining venom before it retreated back to the cage’s floor.
Aras let out a breath he hadn’t realised he’d been holding. He’d be getting a new army knife, because there was no way he’d keep this one now. 
The flask came out of the cage easily after that. He unhooked it from the knife, noting how ordinary it looked considering all the fuss that had been made over it, then put it in his pocket before carefully replacing the cage’s lid. He debated what to do with the Switzer army knife. If he left it here in the cage, at least no one would be poisoned, but they’d certainly know he’d been here. He still had to find Ric too, and there were other children around. 
A peep from the bird caught his attention, and he glanced at it absentmindedly. It cocked its head as if speaking to him, and then suddenly lifted up into the air and flapped its way down one of the corridors. He didn’t know why, but he followed it. Perhaps because it seemed to know where it was going – there were no windows in this room.
The bird flew down the hall, took a sharp left which led it outside, and then stopped to land on a nearby pillar. It looked at him again, then took off into the sky.
Idiot. What had he been thinking, following a bird? Just then he looked down to see the almost buried remnants of one of the old drains. They were good for nothing except losing small items now, since they were almost impossible to get into… which made it a perfect place to get rid of his poisoned Switzer army knife.
Aras had only just dropped it in when a child walked out from a nearby building, heading towards the Borderlands. He was lanky, with a slender prettiness which was very similar to Aras’s own looks as a child; just darker in colouring. Like his mother had been. 
“Ric,” Aras breathed aloud, but of course the boy didn’t hear him. Instead he walked towards an older woman, one of the Elders who had been there since long before Aras, and no doubt long after him.
“Ric, you must be excited to meet your mentor,” the woman told him in her low, musical voice. “Do you remember what you must say?”
“Greetings, my lord Fey,” the boy answered seriously. “I am honoured that you have chosen me, and I will do all I can to be worthy of such an honour.”
They’d given him a Fey mentor already? And that meant they were on their way into the Other realm, and that if anyone knew the connection between Ric and Aras, then Ric was in danger. Chaos, he’d be in danger anyway. The Other realm was not a safe place for children.
Aras stalked silently up behind the woman and the moment she and the boy passed the outer buildings, he pressed the stunning device against the back of her neck. She stood there for a moment looking rather startled, then crumpled to the ground in a heap.
“Elder Starbright?” Ric squeaked. “Are you alright?”
It was a silly question since the woman was unconscious, but Aras felt much better knowing her name. Coryn had said she was one of those who’d killed Kamile and Trennan, and no doubt countless others. And his son had been just about to walk alone with her into the Other? He was so, so glad he hadn’t gone to look for the boy in the usual places, since he would have missed him completely. He guessed that bird had been lucky after all.
Aras twisted the disc-object and came back into sight in all his six-foot-four glory. The boy saw him and his jaw dropped, and distinct fear came into his eyes. Aras raised a hand beseechingly. “Do you know who I am?”
Ric’s eyes widened even further. “You’re my father. Mama told me before she went away.”
Before she was killed, most likely. And it was lucky that the Chosen had once again failed with their ‘open family’ policy. “I need to ask you a difficult thing,” Aras said. “I need you to come away with me now, and not to ask questions.”
The boy stared at Aras for a long moment. “Why? Where are we going? How did you appear out of nowhere?”
Obviously he didn’t understand the meaning of ‘don’t ask questions’, Aras thought in frustration. “I’ll answer all of that soon, but I need you to trust me now.”
Ric nodded, but glanced down again at the fallen woman. The doubt was clear in his eyes, and Aras didn’t know what he would have said next to make it go away. Just then he heard footsteps nearby, and he quickly twisted the disc once more. One of the other Chosen came into sight. It was a man with a name like Stephan or Stephonas that Aras vaguely remembered as a knight. He saw the fallen Elder on the ground and stared accusingly at Ric. “What happened here?”
The boy swallowed again, glancing around nervously. “I-I-”
Aras didn’t give him a chance to answer. He stunned the knight too, leaving him in a heap next to the Elder, then scooped Ric over his shoulder and ran for it. He didn’t know what the others would see (a boy bouncing through the air as if wearing damaged anti-grav wings, or nothing at all?) but he didn’t wait to find out. Ric cried out and punched Aras on the back, not that it hurt, and Aras tried to calm him. “It’s alright, please. Trust me. Trust me.” He kept saying those two words over and over again, and the boy finally quieted. 
They finally made it through the exit unaccosted. When they reached the sentry, they walked right past and the woman didn’t even glance up: it was as if they weren’t even there. Aras could have put the boy down then, but he didn’t. Instead he picked up his pace, jogging towards the air vehicle hidden in the nearby forest. Once he judged they’d made it a reasonable distance, he stopped, turning his son right-side-up and putting him on the ground. 
Ric swayed a little then stared blankly. “Where are you?” he whispered. “I can’t see you anymore.”
Aras twisted the disc again, blinking into sight. “Here.”
“Oh. Are you kidnapping me?” the boy asked worriedly.
Memories of his own kidnapping flashed through his mind, and he couldn’t speak for a moment. His son thought he was being kidnapped, and he’d barely even fought his attacker?! “Do you feel kidnapped?”
“I’m not sure,” Ric admitted. “You are my father.”
“I am,” Aras agreed. Except to Coryn and Ash, today was the first time he’d ever said it aloud. “I should have come earlier. I’ve found out some things about the Chosen, and this isn’t a safe place for you anymore. Will you come with me?”
“What happens if I say no?”
Aras considered that. “Then I’ll take you anyway,” he answered finally. “I need your safety more than I need you to like me.”
The boy frowned. “But who would hurt me?”
Aras sighed. “Some of the Chosen, the ones in charge, are working for very wicked Creatures. Do you remember a couple of Halflings called Trennan and Kamile? They disappeared about six months ago. Trennan had skin like bark, and Kamile-”
“Was sometimes green,” Ric finished, proving that he at least hadn’t had his memory wiped. “I remember her. She’s the one who talked to the ponies right after the snake bit her.”
“How-” Aras began, then realised why Ric must have known that. Although young, the boy had had a habit of following him around. Aras had usually known he was there, but when he tried to talk to him the boy would run away. But that hadn’t happened often, because what did he have to say to a small child? “Which snake bit her?”
“The little black one that’s in Harry’s cage. It was in her bed.”
Aras stared down at the boy in shock. “The black border snake bit Kamile?”
Ric shrugged, looking defensive. “The black one, yes. I saw it, but she didn’t know I was watching so I didn’t say anything. But what about her?”
Aras was still stunned from the revelation that someone had put a black border snake in a girl’s bed, and that Kamile had been bitten. Their venom was as good as a death sentence. But then she was already dead, wasn’t she? “She was planning to leave the Compound,” he answered finally, his voice gruff. “She and Trennan and a- a friend of mine, because of some things they found out about the Creatures- the Fey, but the Chosen and Fey found out and killed them. The Fey aren’t what we’ve been taught, Ric, and no one should be visiting them. Especially not a child.” Especially not his child.
Aras and the boy looked at each other for a moment, then Ric looked down at his feet. “They wouldn’t hurt me,” he muttered despondently. “They’re my friends.”
Aras sighed again. “That’s what I used to think. Now come on, we have to go.”
“Can we be invisible again?”
“Of course.”
That was all it took to buy the boy’s loyalty, apparently. 
They went.



“I don’t see why it’s so funny,” Coryn said yet again. “So you say this vial grants flight. If that’s true, how is it any different from wearing wings?”
“Because it’s alter-power,” Ash replied. She’d finally stopped laughing hysterically, but every now and then another involuntary snigger would come out. The girl had flight power right there at her fingertips and hadn’t tried it? Although the giggles subsided when Ash remembered she’d done a similar thing herself, once upon a time. “It can’t ever be taken away just by removing some bands from your wrists. You have to believe it will work to get it started, and stop believing for it to stop.”
Coryn gave her an even stare. She pulled out the vial in question – Trennan’s miraculous ‘water of life’ – and defiantly pulled off the lid, swigging the whole thing down. “There. It’s done.”
Ash waited for her to start floating up in the air – something, anything – but the girl stayed firmly earthbound. “Well? Are you going to try it?”
“Maybe later.” Coryn climbed to her feet, stretching. “I’m going to find a private spot. I’ll be back in five minutes.”
Private – oh. Of course. Coryn disappeared, and Ash sat in the shade of the vehicle and wondered. She wondered about the emblem and about Aras’s safety, and about how a community could exist here that would welcome the Creatures in such a way, even if they were known by another name. She wondered about Coryn, and if the girl would ever smile again, and if she, Ash, was really still needed here now that the clues had probably been solved. And she wondered about George, and why he’d called her, and if they’d ever get so angry at each other that they’d just walk away one day and never come back. Or maybe the cultural differences would be just too much, and they’d give up on their relationship.
Oh Deias, no. That was not going to happen, Ash decided firmly. As soon as she felt it was alright to go, she’d turn and go back through to stupid, annoying Lunden of 1818, and make things right. 
Her mind began to wander, and she imagined what would happen if George came here. He could walk out of the gateway Anne had created, and he’d be really happy to see her and not mad at all, and Aras would be there with a small boy and he’d say I have to go back for Coryn. And the boy would be staying behind with another girl she’d not met before, and she and George would look at each other and say, ‘not without us, you won’t’.
Heh. Imagination running wild, Ash thought with some amusement. She’d put Aras into the role of ‘action hero’, which of course made Coryn the damsel in distress. And that reminded her of something George had said once, about her not allowing him to play a proper man’s role, and she slumped. Why did life have to be so difficult? Why did people have to be so different?
Ash heard Coryn returning then, and looked up to greet her. But then as if in slow motion she saw a man come leaping out of nowhere, and Coryn turned to face him but was struck down. There was some kind of netting with suckers holding them both in place to the vehicle, and then the others arrived…
Ash shot straight up in the air – yes, up like a rocket – and startled by the sudden movement, Coryn turned. The net hit her over half her body instead of her whole body, trapping her in place nonetheless, and then far-sight began to slam into Ash’s brain. If she tried to pull Coryn free – she was shot down…if she tried to go over the vehicle to grab the weapons – caught in the net then shot down…tried to go around the vehicle to get the weapons – dodged the net then shot down. 
Every move she thought about making set off a new chain of events with dire consequences. There were just too many attackers, and the three of them had chosen a poor site to stop. Ash realised in horror that she was in one of those situations where she actually couldn’t do anything to help. She could only save herself. So she went up, and up, and up until the scene below her showed clearly, and then flew in a huge, violently fast arc away from the vehicle, finally descending in the forest not too far away. She could just see the scene in the distance, and she was shaking with fear and shock and more than a little guilt over abandoning Coryn, even temporarily. Incredibly, the whole thing had only taken about five seconds.
Ash now saw there weren’t as many attackers as she’d presumed. There were only four, and they had Coryn and the vehicle surrounded. She couldn’t even hear the conversation or properly see what they were doing, but there was no way that Coryn was safe. 
Ash vibrated with adrenaline and outrage, peering from her sheltered hiding place as she imagined what she could do to help. She ran through scenario after scenario, of where she could go or what she could do, and far-sight didn’t let her down, showing the consequences of every option. But with each new idea she saw that she’d fail. Fail, every single time, and in some of them she even ended up…well, in what looked like a fire pit. Failure, and Aras didn’t come on time or he wasn’t strong or fast enough because he had a boy to take care of, and there were others, and Coryn wasn’t saved. 
Ash had never felt more useless in her whole life.
9.     Defeat

One moment Coryn had been approaching Ash with no particular intention, and the next a look of horror came over Ash’s face and she vanished upwards. Coryn turned, and there was a flash of colour in her vision before suddenly she was pinned to the vehicle by one arm. A net of some kind held her, and she knew that it would have gone right over her head if she hadn’t moved. She tugged at it just enough to know that it was too secure for even her mixed-blood strength, and a bare second later they were surrounding her.
She knew in that moment that she couldn’t fight, she couldn’t reach the weapons, and she couldn’t escape this net except by a miracle. She lifted her chin, looking at them calmly although inside she was cursing herself for not hiding the vehicle better. She noted a couple of familiar faces, including the blue Fey carrier from the museum. “I suppose Brosca sent you. How did you find me?” 
“We’ve known where you were for months,” the carrier answered. Her name was something short and unusual, Coryn remembered. She was small and ordinary, but Coryn could sense the wrongness about her that proclaimed her a carrier. She also had a familiar slenderness that reminded Coryn of Kamile – perhaps more than just a carrier, she might also have mixed blood too. “But what we really wanted was the emblem, and you haven’t known where it was until now.”
She held up a small device, pointing it at Coryn a moment before something hit her on her bare collarbone. A numbness and peace spread from the spot she’d been struck. Not a paragun, because she could still move. 
“Just a partial stun,” the woman continued. “So you don’t panic and try to leave before having a nice talk.”
“Damn it, Shu,” a man muttered from behind Coryn. “Stop messing around and just make her tell.”
The woman scowled, and Coryn slowly turned to see him, then did a double-take when she recognised his face. “You’re the one from the alley,” she said in dismay. “You tried to take the light-wand.” He’d tried a bit more than that, but luckily had failed. “And at the viewing theatre…” He’d been captured by the enforcers. How had he escaped?!
The man sneered. “Don’t think I’ve forgotten what you did to me, you little kurva. When they’re done with you, you and I will have a nice talk too.”
“Enough, Duke,” Shu snapped. “You’ll do what you’re told, and no more. The master hasn’t forgotten that you not only mistook the light-wand for the emblem, but also that you let it go so easily. And you, girl. Where is the emblem now?” 
‘Duke’. A noble name for a horrible person. But Coryn finally had one question answered. “I don’t know,” she replied honestly. Because she didn’t know exactly where it was, whether Aras had found it, or where he was right now if he had. Hopefully preparing to charge in with weapons drawn.
Shu narrowed her eyes at Coryn, moving forward and pressing her small hand against Coryn’s forehead. This close her unusual eye colour was evident – a light, lemon yellow flecked with blue. Someone else was behind those eyes, not the person who’d been born into that body. Coryn felt a small tingle, but then a strange look came over Shu’s face. For a moment her eyes flickered blue, gold, blue, then suddenly she pulled her hand away as if electrocuted. “She doesn’t know anything.”
 “Of course she does,” someone else argued, one of the previously silent men holding a weapon on Coryn even now. “Gerak has been listening in on the conduit ever since she started wearing the bloody thing. She sent her friend off to find it, you know that.”
“No,” Shu said. Her face was still strange and drawn tight, although her eyes had returned to their usual yellow-blue. “She doesn’t know where he is. She doesn’t know anything about the emblem at all. She’s just been unlucky.”
That was one way of putting it, but it wasn’t entirely true. Coryn stared at her in surprise. Had the woman not been able to read her mind (for that was clearly what she’d been trying to do) or was she just holding back for her own reasons? But there was something else she’d said… “Who’s Gerak? And what conduit?”
The others just exchanged glances, and Coryn thought they wouldn’t answer. But then Shu finally did. She looked weary, as though something had happened when she’d touched Coryn; something Coryn didn’t know about. “Gerak is the commander of the Tiger’s armies,” she said flatly. “And the conduit is that ring of yours, little girl. Fey-made, remember?”
So it wasn’t Brosca who’d sent them? But the biggest shock was the other thing Shu had said. Trennan had given her that ring. 
Coryn stared at her hand where it was trapped in the net in absolute dismay. The ring’s little blue gems shimmered in the afternoon light, and it looked completely innocuous – except there was that slight sense of wrongness which Coryn had always thought came from bad memories, or had something to do with her. Not something she’d carried and held dear. She wished it wasn’t true, but she believed it. Someone was watching her through that ring, listening to her. Oh, Fire Lord. None of their plans had been secret, and even now Aras was in danger.
But at least it hadn’t been Brosca listening in.
Carefully, very carefully, Coryn worked the ring off her hand and let it fall into the grass, and her hope fell with it. 
“We’re not going back without the emblem,” Duke said staunchly. “You might be a bloody carrier, Shu, but I don’t believe the girl knows nothing.” He stepped forward suddenly as though to grab Coryn, and Shu acted quickly. Her hand raised in a flash and then Duke was on the ground too; her grip tight around his neck. Like so many of them, she was a lot stronger than she looked.
“I lead this expedition,” she snapped. “I will not return without the emblem, for I understand its value far more than you ever will, you petty little man. But we will do it my way. The girl is no use to us.”
“I beg to differ,” a new voice said icily. They all turned to see a man stepping out into the clearing. He wore a red cloak with a hood, and behind him and around him were a dozen others dressed the same way. It was Jurgis and the Chosen.
Ah, damnatus. They may as well just kill her now.
“The Tiger says the girl is needed,” Jurgis announced. He ran a jaundiced eye over the whole scene, not showing a flicker of recognition at seeing Coryn. Did he recall her, she wondered? “So we’ll take the girl. Now.”
There was a brief moment where Shu looked like she would argue, but then shrugged. “Very well. If your orders have come directly from the Tiger.”
“They came from Broxa,” Jurgis said icily, staring at the carrier as if in disbelief that she’d question him. “We all know that Broxa speaks for the Tiger in this matter.” 
Brok-sa. The similarity of that name to Coryn’s old mentor jolted her, and she watched in growing fear as Gerak’s four moved back, and the red-cloaked ones moved forward. There were faces among them that Coryn recognised – there was Leonas, who she vaguely remembered Kamile being involved with, and Irena, who she’d thought of as if not a friend, then a friendly acquaintance – but most were completely unfamiliar. But she recognised the red cloaks themselves. They were the ones worn by the Chosen when they’d killed Trennan and Kamile. 
The Chosen took Coryn by the arms, pulling her away from the vehicle and taking the net with her. She didn’t have much strength to move after being stunned, but didn’t try either. If there was a moment to try to escape, it wasn’t now.
But then Jurgis walked right up to Coryn until his face was just about level with hers. “Hello Coryn,” he said. “Did you think we’d forgotten you?”
She couldn’t answer. Even through the numbing influence of the stunner she found herself boiling with fury. This man had killed Kamile. Once they’d thought him so respectable, had trusted him as their leader, but he’d killed Kamile and had drunk her blood. Foul. Unspeakably evil. 
“You made a mistake when you turned against those who raised you. Against the Fey.” He paused, and when Coryn didn’t answer, added, “Shame about your mother forgetting you. But what can you expect from a broken-wing mixed-blood like Regina?”
Coryn went mad, fighting against the arms holding her and trying to punch him or bite him or hurt the evil man, but the stunner and net made her weak, and he just laughed. And so she did something she’d never done before in her life. 
She spat in his face.



Aras smelled the smoke before he saw it. The air vehicle was well ablaze, its red paint blistered and blackened. One wing crumpled even as he watched, Ric’s hand tight in his.
The evident danger made him extra careful. He checked around for any sound, any person out of place, then twisted the disc-object into ‘off’ position. “Stay in the trees,” he ordered Ric.
But there was no one there. No one in the vehicle that he could see, and no one around waiting to take him out with a well-placed shot. 
No Coryn.
“Aras. Oh, thank Deias you’re here!” He turned to see Ash run out from the nearby bushes where she’d evidently been hiding, tears streaming down her face. “They took Coryn. A bunch of people in red cloaks. They took her away, and I couldn’t stop them.”
Aras summed up her appearance in less than a second. Either she was genuine, or she’d made a big mistake in lying about something like this. Red cloaks – from what Coryn had told him previously, that meant the blood-drinkers. Chaos. “They just took her, and she let them?” he said in disbelief.
“There was a net, and some kind of stunner thing, and there were two groups! Not just one. But then one of the ones in red punched her and she fell over, and they just took her away. I saw it happening! I saw what was going to happen, but no matter what I did, I couldn’t stop it!”
“How many, how long ago, and which way did they go?”
“About a dozen, less than ten minutes, and that way, through the trees.” Ash pointed in the direction just north-west of where he’d come from, an area that if he remembered correctly, held the volcano. She looked alarmed as she saw him checking his weapons. “What, you’re going now?”
“If they get away, then they’ll be hard to find again,” he replied bluntly. He still had his paragun and the blade taken from the swamp, as well as his spare paragun, a set of anti-grav wings, and then the small, lethal gun he kept quietly and illegally for a rainy day. There was just one thing that needed to be attended to first – and damn it, the timing wasn’t good.
Ric now stood quietly in the background, his eyes wide and arms wrapped around himself. He’d given up on the idea of being kidnapped after about the first fifteen minutes, and seemed to be accepting it as a kind of adventure. But Aras hadn’t expected this. Perhaps he should have.
After a few moments of thought he pulled out the wings and held them out to Ric. To Ash he said, “So you say you can fly. Here’s your chance.”  



In an enclosed room, in an ordinary-looking office, in a building near the centre of Lile City, Daniel watched a blurry image on a wall-sized screen – one of many. The air vehicle’s fire had unsurprisingly damaged the quality of the video feed, but the audio was still clear. But then the bugs they used these days were of far superior quality to anything in the past. Only the best for his department.
“Fly him back to my flat,” Aras Morison told his on-screen companion. He was almost out of view of the 360-degree camera, but his size and voice were distinctive. “I’ll contact a friend now who can care for him until I return.”
“But-” the girl argued, then fell silent. “What if you don’t come back?”
“I’ll come back.”
Daniel listened in silence as the two spoke a little longer, then went their separate ways. Morison to save his lady fair, and the girl to offload the child onto someone safe, who Morison was yet to contact. Hmm. And the girl and child were both unregistered, so were living in Lile illegally.
He shut down the audio as the last two moved vertically out of range, realising that his fists were clenched so tightly that the knuckles showed white. That was it, then. That was it for Coryn, and for the slender hope he’d held that it could somehow work out with the two of them.
Bloody, bloody alter-power. How did it catch some people’s attention in this way? From the things he’d just heard, Coryn wasn’t only delving around the edges of the illegal anti-Sec movement. She was absolutely swimming in it, in so deep that even the kindest judge couldn’t hope to let her off.
Some kind of cult. There’d been mentions of ‘Creatures’ and ancient gods and moving in alter-power…mentions of time travel, which as he well knew had been played around with in the past by scientists who were more like wizards, as such only ever worked with the use of alter-power. Mentions of some kind of spooky, significant ‘emblem’. And had he really heard them discuss flying without anti-gravity wings?
Daniel stared numbly at the now blank recording device. He couldn’t delete it even if he wanted to, because the information had automatically been updated to the government records to avoid this very situation – where an enforcer could become swayed enough by the charms of a criminal to want to remove proof of their misdeeds.
He should have known better. The more he’d become fascinated with Coryn Regindotir, the more he’d looked into her past and present activities, and the more obvious it became that she was not a good citizen of the Republic. But he’d overlooked that (at his own risk, should anyone else find out) because she’d so caught his attention, and he’d thought there was still a chance it could work out for them. But there wasn’t really any chance, was there? Once they retrieved her from those ruffians in red cloaks, they’d be asking a whole lot of questions, and there were no answers that she could provide that would wipe her slate clean.
None. 
Of course he’d have to find her first, since he didn’t have any solid proof. But that wouldn’t be hard with the chips that every registered citizen carried. They were far more traceable than most people realised, and if they were shut off, then the government would want to know why. 
Carefully Daniel looked down at the scheduler sitting on his lap. Then he said, “Prepare an arrest warrant for Coryn Regindotir and Aras Morison.”
As an afterthought he added, “And for an unknown number of unregistered persons.”
Then he grimly got up, picked up his jacket and efficiency rifle, and set off.



George had followed Anne through the remnant gateway in the stone wall, but when he came out on the other side she was nowhere to be seen. There was no longer any wall, either. No city…no ground.
“Argh! Arghhh… Damnation!” There was a moment where George almost plummeted to his death, since the ground was a good fifty feet below him, but then quickly recalled he could fly and put that talent into practice. After a few seconds of flailing about, he finally managed to balance himself out. He was still a good forty feet above ground, and he could just make out the shimmering patch of air that marked the gateway above him. Below him were green patchwork fields and forests – reminding him a little of his home, but not quite.
And where, by Jove, had Anne got to?
At least George presumed it had been Anne that he’d followed through the gateway. He’d hardly seen her in months, but how many other petite redheads would be using the gateways? None, he’d vouch.
He debated whether to simply return home while he still remembered how to find it, but then saw the tiny figures in the distance. Two of them, flying far lower than he was, and one rather larger than the other.
George squinted, then brightened. He’d know that form anywhere, even though she seemed to have changed her clothes again. Suddenly feeling a lot happier with life, he stretched out his arms and shot down towards her. Perhaps he went a little faster than intended, for he’d actually passed the two and had to swerve around to where they’d stopped in the air, clearly startled by his sudden approach.
“Ashlea!” he cried joyfully, forgetting their recent argument. “Ashlea, my darling! I’ve missed you!” But then he saw the other flier. It was a small boy, dark-haired and handsome, and with his arms spread-eagled and face determined as he wobbled through the air. Clearly a new flier. 
Dark-haired. Pale-skinned. Here, flying, with Ashlea…
By Jove. George felt his blood run cold, and he croaked out, “How much time has passed?”
But Ashlea didn’t seem half as bothered to see him. “George! How on earth did you find us?” 
“No time for that now! How long has it been?” George moved down to look the boy in the face. At least five years old, he’d vouch, and with brown eyes that certainly hadn’t come from George’s side of the family. He stared back at George without recognition.
Hades. The boy had grown up without knowing his father.



Ash was still so startled by her husband’s sudden, superhero-like appearance in the air that she didn’t even register his question at first. “What – since I last saw you? Last night.” Then in sudden memory she added, “And I’m still annoyed with you about the whole embroidery thing, by the way. And the way you promised you’d take me to that gateway, but you went off to your club instead!” She scowled at the memory. “I suppose I can forgive you for that, but next time you need to keep your word.”
“What – it’s only been one day to you since the argument?”
“Of course,” she replied in surprise. “Has it been longer for you?”
He grimaced, then brightened visibly. “By Jove, I’d say not. It hasn’t been so dreadfully long as I’d feared. I thought time had passed differently, and I’d missed at least five years. So who’s this little chap, then?”
“Ric is Aras’s son, and Aras is a friend of Coryn-” Ash paused as she realised exactly how much George had missed. It was a lot, because he didn’t know any of those people. But another thing struck her. “Oh good grief. Did you think that Ric was your son?”
 “Well…yes. I mean, Anne told me you were enceinte, so naturally I assumed…” 
Ash couldn’t help herself. She started laughing, feeling her irritation drain away. “For heaven’s sake, George. I’d hardly go off and have a baby and not tell you for half a decade. Besides, I’d need to be pregnant first, and I’m really not. What would Anne know about it? And when did you speak to her anyway?”
“Last night, when I was in Bedlam.”
“Tell me about it,” Ash enthused. “It’s been total Bedlam here too. This place is a crazy mix of alter-power and people who are strongly against it, and then there’s this emblem-thing-” 
“No,” George cut in, which was quite unlike him to be rude. “I was literally in Bethel Insane Asylum, Ashlea. I was there overnight before I escaped.”
Ash blinked in surprise several times, then just stared at him. She’d not noticed earlier that he looked a little dishevelled, and perhaps didn’t smell quite as fresh as she was used to. “I think you’d better tell me about it,” she said finally.
So he did.



George and Ashlea sat in the grass below the remnant gateway, underneath the cover of the trees. Little Ric (whose parentage George still wasn’t quite certain of) was running back and forth in front of them with his arms spread, taking a leap every few steps and soaring, then coming back to land again. 
George was still coming to terms with a world where flying was ordinary. All they’d have to do was wear thick bands around their wrists and ankles, and no one would look at them twice. Rather different from nineteenth century Lunden, or twenty-first century Whiteside.
Next to him Ashlea was coming to terms with what he’d just told her. “Unbelievable,” she exclaimed. “I cannot believe they had you thrown into a mental asylum! It’s like something out of a historical drama!”
“I blame the doctor,” George said, rather enjoying her sympathy. It made a good change from their last, argumentative conversation. “Olivia was simply easily led. Edward didn’t know about it, of course. Did you know he wanted to find you?”
“What, Edward? Whatever for?”
“Not Edward, the doctor. And to prove time travel exists, I suppose. But by Jove, we shan’t let him have you,” he said staunchly. “Even if it means you never return to my time. I’d rather have you safe.” You and the baby, he thought privately, even though Ashlea had strongly disputed that. She might not be right, mightn’t she? 
But she didn’t look as pleased as he’d expected. “You don’t want me coming back to your time? Not at all?”
“I didn’t say that. I just want you to be safe, and to not be kidnapped by unscrupulous doctors.” A moment later he realised what he’d said. “Again, that is. We’ve had a rather bad run with doctors, haven’t we?”
“I’m assured they’re usually the finest of people,” Ashlea said dryly, getting the joke. “And we’ve just met a couple of exceptions. But seriously, do you want me to stay in my own time? By myself?”
“No,” George replied slowly. “I do not. I missed you dreadfully this last day. I want you to stay with me, but neither do I wish to remain in the twenty-first all the time. I wish for both of us to live safely and happily wherever we are, to never argue or have to defend ourselves to other people, and to live life with purpose and enjoyment. That is what I want.”
There was a silence, then she blushed a little, her lips curving in a smile. “Well, isn’t that what we all really want? And I missed you too. But realistically…”
George sighed, slipping his arm around her shoulders. “There’s no perfect life, is there? I’m feeling rather less enamoured of my own time, but neither do I want to give it up entirely.”
“I know the feeling.”
They both looked up to where Ric was intently flying back and forth, rather like a bird in an invisible cage, and Ashlea smiled again. “Shame we can’t stay here, isn’t it? We’d be able to fly without scrutiny, at least.”
“Except that as you mentioned, alter-power of any kind appears to be banned,” George pointed out. “And that would be our purpose for coming here. And we’d be illiterate, and we don’t know the culture, and the Creatures appear to be far more prominent here…and so forth.”
She sighed, leaning her head on his shoulder. It seemed all was forgiven, although they still didn’t know what they would do after depositing Ric as Ashlea had agreed. “I know.”
Ah, that was more like it. They enjoyed a moment of peace, then Ashlea said, “We really ought to take Ric into the city like I promised.” 
Moment broken. “How far do you think it is?”
“Mm. It’s a long way. A good hour at least, but longer with how slow he flies.”
George looked up towards the sky, where the latest gateway was hidden by the covering of leaves. “I wonder…?”



Aras moved silently through the thick brush, pausing at where the trees stopped and the buildings began. His caution was more from long-learned habit than any real need – he still used the disc-object, and it hid him well. 
They’d taken Coryn in an off-road hover-vehicle to this place just northeast of the Compound itself. He’d been moving on foot so estimated they’d arrived a good half hour earlier than he had, but they hadn’t even been trying to hide their tracks. Most hover-vehicles would leave a trail of distressed plant life when used off-road, and this one had been no different. 
He hadn’t been here before. There was a cluster of low, grey concrete buildings; plain and solid and practical in appearance, as though used for maintenance rather than lived in. A couple of equally plain vehicles were parked on the paved area just outside, and people in red hooded cloaks unloaded cloth-covered objects from the vehicles, disappearing into the building. Some items were smallish and appeared to be wooden; others were large and flat like mirrors or paintings. None were human-shaped.
Still hidden, Aras lifted the light-wand and switched it to active. The scene warped and changed, and he could see that the cloth-covered objects shimmered purple and gold. He could see the alter-power coming off them – no question as to what they were, then. Objects of power. Many, many objects of power. As for the people holding them, under the wand’s light their skin and clothes appeared to be covered in purplish-black patches, rather like an odd kind of rust, or signs of decay. Wisps of a purplish smoke drifted around them, curling with purpose rather than in the random manner actual smoke would. And unlike actual smoke, this didn’t dissipate. It vanished once he turned the light off.
Well. There was also no question of where Coryn would be. Slipping the light-wand back into his pocket, he quietly moved around the back of the complex, looking for a quieter entrance.



Coryn had never been hit so hard that she’d been knocked out, not until she’d spat in Jurgis’s face. He was stronger than he looked. It turned out to be a stroke of luck, though – besides the horrible headache, they all left her alone. You couldn’t get information from an unconscious person.
Well, you could, if you knew how to read minds. But they didn’t touch her. After they’d cornered her at the vehicle and the blood-drinkers had arrived, her next vague memory was of a hard floor under her body, and then of waking up in this place. 
It was clearly a storeroom that had been poorly prepared for visitors. Tall, mostly empty metal shelves covered two walls and large barrels filled the third. The barrels were open-topped, and something cloth-covered was inside. They’d left her on a pile of canvas next to the fourth wall where the door was, her wrists cuffed together with narrow cord. 
Wincing at her throbbing head, Coryn managed to stand. That was when she noticed the shackles. They’d looped her ankles together too, and that loop was connected to a cord which was attached to the base of the metal shelves. 
Chaos. The cord proved itself too tight to pull off, and too tough to break. It was the same kind used to fix vehicles and attach objects to walls – practically unbreakable, at least without the right equipment. 
But Coryn tried anyway, because what else could she do? But after several minutes of tugging fruitlessly, the shackles had rubbed painfully against her ankles, and she was no closer to being free. Suddenly a wave of despair overcame her. She’d die here. The Chosen had caught her, and they were going to torture the truth out of her, then she’d die. At least she’d end up with Trennan.
That reminder sent a spike of anger along with the despair, and she remembered the last time they’d spoken. Trennan had been telling her about the Fire Lord, AKA Ash’s ‘Eternal One’ or Deias. Apparently he cared enough to interfere in Coryn’s life, to pass around supernatural objects and occasional words of direction, but not enough to step in when it really mattered for Trennan or Kamile or her.
“I hate you,” she muttered with as much fury as she could summon, while still keeping her voice low. “I hate you, Fire Lord! If you’re so frarking powerful, then didn’t you look after us?” Why did you leave me here?
It was a pointless fury, because she couldn’t sense any conduits nearby, and chances were the Fire Lord had focused his attention elsewhere. But just as she was thinking that, she heard a quiet cough.
Ahem.
Coryn froze mid-stomp. “Who’s there?” 
Just me. The Fire Lord.
Several awkward seconds ticked by where she briefly considered if she was crazy (possible) or being played a trick on (also possible). But then she settled on a final, different option. “Seriously? Why?”
I’m always here. But this time you spoke to me, so I spoke back.
She hadn’t spoken to him, she’d just thought hateful things about him and yes, had shouted at him a bit too. She hadn’t expected him to answer. “But I’m stuck,” she whispered to the apparently empty room, half angry, half baffled at the sudden change of events. “And you didn’t help Trennan and Kamile! They trusted you, and you let them die! Why are you talking to me now?”
Death isn’t all it’s cracked up to be. And I intend to help you. Will you trust me, Coryn?
Of course not! He hadn’t helped Trennan and-
Kamile, yes, or so you keep saying. Will you trust me anyway, Coryn? Will you let me help you?
No!
There was a long pause where Coryn could feel the presence in the room with her, and knew he was silently waiting for her to respond, to say something further. “It’s not as if I have anyone else volunteering to help me,” she muttered finally. “What are you going to do, give me a bag of clues then let me get thrown into a wall?”
How about this?
She’d been standing with the cord stretched to its full length, pulled between her shackles and the nearby set of metal shelves. But now there was a click and suddenly the pressure around her ankles loosened. She looked down in disbelief to see the shackles had fallen open, and as she noticed that, she felt her hands fall loose to her sides. The cord tying her wrists together had broken, just like that. “Fire Lord,” she breathed in disbelief.
You’re welcome. Now will you trust me?
Fine, she would, because she literally had no other options. But she wasn’t going to forget what he’d let happen to Trennan! “Alright,” she said aloud. “What next?”
I’ll send help.
Or she could just get herself out of here right now, Coryn mused. She rubbed at her chafed wrists, eyeing up the nearby door. Its glowing red seal indicated it was locked, so she’d need to get clever. 
Coryn! 
This time it seemed like Trennan’s voice echoed in her head rather than the vague, hard-to-place ‘Fire Lord’ voice. She froze again, then decided it must have been wishful thinking. 
It’s not wishful! Listen- Then suddenly the voice went silent, but the presence remained.
“Trennan?” she breathed in amazement. It felt like he was…just there, like she could reach out through some unseen barrier and take his hand. Suddenly her heart leapt. Death isn’t all it’s cracked up to be, the Fire Lord had said. Could Trennan still be alive in some way? “Trennan!” she whispered, then shouted it. “Trennan, are you there?!”
Argh, too loud! It would be a miracle if no one had heard that, she thought in dismay. But she’d clearly had today’s quota of miracles, because a few moments later footsteps sounded outside the door, and then there was the click-swipe noise of a lock being opened. 
Argh, argh, argh! The Fire Lord had said he’d send help – but in this building full of enemies, she couldn’t take the risk this wasn’t it. Coryn quickly made sure the shackles still sat around her ankles, then threw herself back down on the cloth she’d woken on, tucking her arms behind her body, closing her eyes and feigning unconsciousness.
She heard the door open and someone enter the room. Their footsteps sounded heavy enough to indicate it was a male as they moved closer to her. There were a few seconds of silence when she knew that they were standing next to her, looking down at her, and it was all she could do to keep her breathing even and her body relaxed.
 I’m asleep, I’m asleep, I’m- “Ahh!” 
He’d stomped heavily on her hand, and the pain was sharp and unexpected enough to shock her out of her faked unconsciousness; reactively pulling her throbbing hand into her chest and opening her eyes.
Perhaps this wasn’t ‘help’ after all.
The tattooed man from the alleyway – Duke – was crouching in front of her with pure glee written across his blunt-featured face. “I knew you were awake. I heard you talking to yourself a mile away.”
Coryn scrambled back away from him, her expression carefully blank and her hand still protectively held to her chest. He might have broken her fingers if she’d not had that extra strength from her mixed-blood background. “I don’t have the emblem. I don’t know where it is.”
“I don’t give a damn about the emblem. It’s you I’m here for.”
That didn’t make sense. “What?”
Duke leaned in closer, his face twisted in a sneer. He’d been eating some kind of pickle for lunch, she noted, and the smell wasn’t any nicer second-hand. “I couldn’t stand up straight for two days after you kicked me. And then the other week you shot me, and the enforcers grabbed me. I barely got away! Nobody treats Duke like that. And I’m not going to kill you – but I’m going to make damned sure you can’t walk straight neither.”   
Coryn’s blood went cold, and she held her hands up in front of her face to block him as he threw himself at her. He was – she didn’t know what he was trying to do, but she knew it wasn’t good. They grappled for a few moments, her in increasing panic at her restraints, and him in a wild-eyed fury. Finally he won. He got hold of her wrists and forced them above her head, and his knees were sharp in her belly. He was heavy.
“You can’t defeat me,” he declared. “This time I’m better than I was before. I’m stronger, and I’m faster, and you don’t have a chance. Do you know why?”
Uh, because she had been unconscious until three minutes before? And Fire Lord, this would be a great time to send that help!
“Because I’m a carrier,” he whispered in her ear. “It’s like being a superhero.”
Really? Coryn hadn’t noticed any particular Fey influence around him, except what these people all had. But just then he made a noise like ‘gnnrk’ and his face went blank. His grip on her wrists loosened, and he fell over sideways, out cold.
Standing behind him was the Fey carrier, Shu. She held a stunner in one hand, and looked severely unimpressed. “Give the man a bit of alter-power and he thinks he’s a carrier. Ha. He was just hyped up on nerve-powder and arrogance.”
Coryn cautiously sat up, moving away from the fallen man in distaste. That had been too close, far too close. But this person who’d saved her…she was an enemy. Wasn’t she? “I suppose your master wants me in one piece.” 
“My master,” Shu said carefully, “has many plans, and they start with the emblem. You sent your friend to get it, and the conduits you carry have made it easy to find you.”
She’d already known that – no need to rub it in. “I got rid of the ring.”
The carrier shot her a knowing glance. “I don’t just speak of the ring. Anything you call Fey-made can be used as a conduit from the Other realm – except for when they’re made blind and deaf by the use of the disc you stole this morning.” She paused. “You’re in a whole lot of trouble, girl, and if you don’t leave soon then you’ll wish you were never born. The Tiger is not merciful if it believes itself betrayed.”
“The Tiger?” Coryn whispered. “Is that Brosca? And why are you helping me when you’re one of them?”
A strange expression came over Shu’s face, and her eyes flickered into bright yellow. That was the Creature inside the human, Coryn suspected, but it didn’t carry the ugliness she had become accustomed to. 
“The Tiger has gone by many names and wears many forms,” Shu answered finally. “Your Brosca was not one of them, but instead works as the Tiger’s lieutenant, its second in charge. As for why I’m helping you…I’m not one of them. Not precisely, but I am trapped in the same place as all the others. Trapped in the realm behind this one, unable to leave it unless I borrow the body of a mortal, whether willing or not. But I must follow the instructions of my master.”
“But doesn’t he- it want me here?” Coryn asked in bewilderment. None of this was making sense. Were the Creatures evil, or were they not? Were there different kinds of Creatures? Perhaps it was something to do with the Fire Lord, she wondered. 
Shu’s eyes flickered blue, yellow, blue; and she waved the stunner in irritation. “Enough questions. I’ve told you too much as it is. Now, I am going to leave this room, and the door is going to be unlocked. If you turn left at the foot of the stairs, you’ll reach a back exit that’s rarely used. Get yourself out, use that flight ability of yours, but that’s as far as I can help you. If I see you again I’ll do my best to recapture you. I won’t face the penalty for turning traitor.”
Flight? They really had been listening in, then, for that was part of one of the conversations with Ash. “So it does work, then?”
“Only as long as you believe it will.” Shu paused, then pulling the stunner’s trigger, shot another beam of almost invisible energy into Duke. He’d been starting to stir. “He’s got a stunner in his own pocket. You might want to claim that you used it to knock him out when he attacked you.”
Which would then save Shu from blame, and plant it squarely on Duke. To be fair, he was a miserable example of a human being. Coryn almost felt bad at the punishment he’d receive if she escaped. Almost, but not quite.
Apparently deciding she’d said enough, Shu turned on her heel and left, closing the door quietly after her. But not quite closing it. The seal flashed red, showing it was still slightly open, and Coryn leapt into action. She quickly patted Duke down, finding the stunner and taking it with her. She reached the door just before it began emitting that annoying alarm some of them did, then stepped through and allowed it to close completely behind her.
She was now standing in a concrete hall – roof, walls, floor – with the sides lined with racks of objects: wood and ceramic and who knew what. The hairs on the back of her neck tingled – those clearly held alter-power. Up ahead Shu was just disappearing from sight around a corner. Coryn quickly followed her, moving as quietly as she could, but her steps seemed to echo loudly on the concrete with each movement. It made her cringe.
Chaos, she was so desperate right now because she knew that her life probably depending on this – whatever was left of it, anyway – and she had to warn Aras about the conduit. There was no one else to do it!
Use your flight, the carrier had said, as if it was that easy. And it would work only if she believed it would. After her odd conversation with the invisible Fire Lord, she felt perhaps she could believe, just a little…
Coryn stopped right there in the empty hallway, scrunching her hands into fists at her side in new determination. She’d been raised on alter-power, hadn’t she? She’d been shown the past and the future and she’d seen things that were definitely not possible by the usual physical laws. So if Ash, and if this carrier both said that she could fly, then damn it, she was going to fly.
Taking a deep breath, she stepped forward – and stepped on air. Yes! Success! The next step took her further forward, further upward, every step silent now as she hover-ran down the hall. It wasn’t glamorous, but it most certainly worked.
She sent a brief mental apology to Ash for doubting her, then stopped at the corner Shu had vanished around. Peeking around, she saw another stretch of hall, this one with more large, flat, cloth-covered items stacked down the sides. At the far end was a set of stairs, and what looked to be another space to the left.
The exit, surely. But just then a couple of red-cloaked Chosen moved into sight, walking carefully down the stairs while holding yet another large item between them. They hadn’t seen her.
Coryn ducked back out of sight, clinging onto the wall near the top of the hall. She still hadn’t fallen, and she was determined not to. And once the sounds faded from the other hall, she checked again – they’d gone.
She hover-ran around the corner, heading for the stairs. The exit was exactly where Shu had said it would be, a door just to the left of the stairs. It was already open, and she sped directly towards it.
Smack. Coryn hit an invisible wall blocking the doorway, and was almost knocked out for the second time that day. She skidded back across the floor, all her plans of a silent escape gone. Had the Fire Lord let her down so quickly? Chaos, she should have known it wouldn’t be that easy!
“Coryn!” 
But it only took her a second to connect ‘invisible wall’ and ‘Aras’s voice’, and suddenly she felt his hand on hers, pulling her up as she was enveloped by the disc’s illusion. And then she saw him, big and solid and worried-looking underneath the shifting colours caused by the disc, and Coryn couldn’t help it – she threw herself into his arms. “I’m so glad you’re here!”
There was a momentary hesitation, and then he wrapped his arms around her too. But there was nothing in that embrace except for warmth and comfort, and because of that, Coryn felt like she could cry.
10.     Switching the Tracks 

“It worked,” Ash said in shock. “I can’t believe it actually worked.” 
They’d had a go at bringing Ric through the gateway in the sky, the one George had arrived through. They’d thought it was a long shot that he’d make it since gateways were restricted to those who’d used the Eternity Stone…or so they’d thought up until now. 
“So either the lad has used the Stone,” George pondered aloud, “or the rules aren’t what we thought they were. Ashlea, this is not the way I came in.”
It was a bit more than that. Ash looked around them at the familiar stone entryway, and the gateway that she’d only just come through. They were back outside Aras’s home, in Lile city. “But it’s where we need to be,” she said in sudden realisation, letting out a surprised laugh. “Do you think there were two gateways, and we just picked the wrong one?”
Ric looked up at her with concern in his dark eyes. He was a quiet, solemn child, and had made very little fuss about being dragged around by complete strangers. He had, however, quite enjoyed the anti-grav wings once he’d got used to them. Ash realised then that they’d been speaking Lilluanian rather than the Anglish they’d intended to keep their conversation private. “Sorry, little guy,” she said. “It looks like we won’t have our long flying trip after all. We’re here already.”
Ric nodded solemnly. “My arms were tired anyway.”
Just then footsteps sounded on the stairs, and a young woman came into sight. Perhaps a year or two older than Ash, she was short, full-figured and had the sort of sweet, pretty face that looked as though it smiled a lot. She wasn’t smiling right now. When she saw them, her eyes practically bugged. “How can you be here already? Aras told me you’d be at least an hour!”
“You must be Marta,” Ash began to say, but Ric cut in with uncharacteristic enthusiasm.
“We flew through the wall, see?” He pressed his small hand against the white stone. It rippled under his touch like a waterbed, and he began to sink through the gateway.
George and Ash immediately pulled him away (because the other end was a good fifty feet in the air, wings or not!) and exchanged concerned glances. “That’s hardly safe,” George muttered. “Someone will have to block that off.”
Marta stepped forward, looking less anxious now. She gave Ric a beaming smile. “Aren’t you just adorable? My name’s Marta, and I’m going to be looking after you until your daddy comes back.”
Ric looked shyly pleased – but then Marta seemed to be the kind of person that children just liked. “The Fey listen to my daddy through his metal arm,” he announced in that offbeat way some children had, as he followed her inside the flat.
“What an odd child,” George muttered to Ash as they trailed him in. “Imagine, a metal arm!”
“Aras does have a metal arm,” she said thoughtfully, but that wasn’t what had caught her attention. 
“What, like that odd half-man, half-robot from your time? The Decimator, was it?” George insisted that he knew that film characters weren’t real people, but you wouldn’t know it from the way he talked about them. 
She didn’t respond to his last comment. An image of the spyglass-Creature link shot to mind, and she’d frozen where she stood. Conduits didn’t have to be spyglasses, surely? 
The Fey listen to my daddy through his metal arm. 
Oh, dear.
The others had gone inside and were waiting expectantly, so Ash finally made herself follow them. The door closed after her, sealing them inside the flat in relative safety. Yet now nothing felt safe. “Ric,” she asked carefully. “Who told you that the Fey listen through your father’s arm?”
The child looked coy, putting his hands behind his back. “I saw them. They always listen. And they talk, too, but most people don’t hear them.”
Creatures, Ash mouthed to George, and his eyes widened. They’d both had a memorable run-in with those things in the desert of the Other realm, and understandably, would rather not do it again. Then she asked Ric, “Are they listening now?”
He shook his head, and they both let out a sigh of relief.
“But they were listening when my daddy told you to bring me here with the im-blim. They don’t like you.”
Ash felt her heart skip a beat in fear. Oh Deias, help. “No, the Crea- Fey don’t like me,” she agreed finally, and her voice sounded strange and thin. “And I don’t like them either. But they know I’ve got the emblem.” Aras had given it to her along with his son, not wanting to risk either precious thing being captured by the enemy.
“Yes,” Ric said matter-of-factly. “They’re gonna come and get it.”
“What?” George burst out, looking horrified. “The Creatures are coming here?!”
They would be sending someone, of course. But Ric had clammed up, and Marta just looked confused. And apparently Aras’s prosthetic arm was a conduit!
“Marta,” Ash said very seriously, “do you know anywhere that you and Ric could go right now that’s safe for the two of you? Like, right now.”
She opened her mouth then closed it again. “Well…I suppose I do. But is there a problem?”
“What did Aras tell you about the situation?”
“Well…not very much. He asked me to watch his son while he sorted out some situation with Coryn.” She frowned. “Does he have some kind of bug in his arm? Because I know the government keeps an eye on people it’s suspicious of, but surely Aras isn’t any threat?”
“Not the government,” Ash said. “Someone worse.”
Marta wrinkled her nose. “The government executes people for anti-Sec activity. It’s a good thing we’re not anti-Sec, right?” And she ended that blatantly untrue statement with a deliberate wink. Aras had already told Ash that Marta was a sympathiser; one of Coryn’s friends. He hadn’t gone into any further detail, and he hadn’t mentioned that she was a terrible liar.
Ash was inclined to think the government was still not as bad as the Creatures (she figured they didn’t drink blood, and thankfully weren’t immortal), but she didn’t argue the point. Instead she extracted a promise from Marta that she’d immediately take Ric off-site, and that she wouldn’t contact Aras on his link until she heard anything further.
Marta left at once with Ric, leaving just George and Ash there in Aras’s now-empty apartment. George finally spoke up. “My word, this is a bit of a pickle, isn’t it?”
That was one way of putting it. Ash had the emblem snugly in her jacket pocket, but the Creatures knew she had it, and knew she was coming here. There was no way they wouldn’t be following up on that information! The only thing that would help her now was that they’d arrived at least an hour earlier than expected. And Coryn had been kidnapped, Aras had gone after her – and they’d all practically kidnapped Ric, who at least didn’t seem to mind too much. “We need to leave straight away,” she said thoughtfully, pushing back her panic. “But I don’t know where we’d go. Through one of the gateways, maybe?”
“If we went back to 1818 and hid the emblem there, then at least it would be in a different country,” George suggested. “And Amaranthus did say that the Creatures can’t time travel, so it will simply baffle them. But that’s more than seven hundred years in the past! Who’s to say that the Creatures won’t simply find the thing faster? We’d be just giving them another seven centuries to do so.”
There was a pause as the illogic of that sank in, and then he smiled ruefully. “Right. They don’t have it now, because we do. And so it doesn’t matter if we take it back in time. Still, it’s a shame we can’t take it forward.” He paused again, and his eyebrows rose. George had very expressive eyebrows, and now they were saying, ‘I’ve had a rather good idea’. “Ashlea,” he said slowly, “Do you know of any gateways that lead further into the future than this?”
She shook her head. No, damn it, because it was a great idea. “This is the furthest I’ve ever been from home, and the gateway outside Tolliver’s is the only new one I know about.”
“Hmm. Do you still have that little book of Anne’s, the one we used when we ended up in the Other?”
Ash shook her head again. “It’s back in my time. Besides, we’d need the Eternity Stone to use that.”
George swiped a hand through the air in frustration. “There goes that idea. Oh, before I forget…” He pulled something out of his pocket. It looked like a pocket-watch, if pocket-watches were small and flat and didn’t actually have clock faces. “Put this on. It’ll protect you.”
 It was the protective medallion George had once found in the Other, and it had caused them to cheat death more than once. Since then, they’d played a little game of sneaking it into each other’s clothes. George because he was being chivalrous and didn’t want himself protected when ‘Ashlea’ could be harmed, and Ash because – well, it would be pretty miserable for him to get hit by a carriage or something. Their lives had equal value. Besides, she’d miss him.
She opened her mouth to say so, and he held up a finger in warning. “I can see you’re intending to argue with me, and so I shall avoid that step and merely say that I will not give in this time. You must carry it.”
Ash saw that he was serious, and finally sighed, taking the medallion and tucking it into her bodice. She had a nasty habit of losing things in her deep pockets. “Fine. I can just throw myself in front of you if you’re about to be killed.”
“Ashlea!”
“Oh, alright, I’ll let you be killed if you’re so keen on it.”
“I am not- by Jove, Ashlea, act like a lady for once,” he snapped. Then a little more pleasantly, “Besides, what about the baby?”
She could have been offended by the comment about not acting like a lady, but she knew she’d been provoking him. “I told you there was no baby!”
He looked unconvinced. “You could be mistaken, you know. I’ve heard of ladies who didn’t even know they were carrying a child until well into their confinement.”
“Are you calling me fat?”
 “No! I’m merely saying-” George caught himself mid-sentence. “Just wear the bloody medallion, will you? We need to leave at once.”
He was right, Ash knew. She also knew she was being difficult, but didn’t know why – perhaps she was still annoyed about the thing with his family. But on that point, he had equal reason to be annoyed. A mental asylum – good grief! “I know,” she said in a much different tone. “I’m sorry. And we do need to go, but I don’t know where to go. Not counting that stone wall, the only gateway I know of near here is the one leading back to Tolliver’s.”
“It’s better than nothing, I suppose. We should be off at once, then. But by Jupiter, isn’t it a shame that we don’t have a convenient direction right now?”
Ash was agreeing as they both stood to exit, but as she took that first step far-sight once again kicked into play. She saw them walk out of the front door and immediately be set upon by noise, figures dressed like they were from a SWAT team, and strangely, men in bow ties… ‘With the authority given us by the Immigration Act 2502 and the Secular Freedoms Act 2523 you are both charged with being illegal immigrants and in possession of illegal goods, and for spreading seditious and illegal philosophies. You are therefore under arrest’. And that was it. No chance to argue. George was shot in the forehead with something gluey before he even had a chance to pull out his own weapon, and there was no chance for her to jump in front of him. 
Pop-pop-pop. She looked down at herself, and there were those same gluey gobs all over her, but she wasn’t falling. Oh sh-
Back in the present, she grabbed hold of George’s arm right before he reached the front door. He saw her face and blanched. “Far-sight?”
She nodded. “They’ll be outside.” And she was pretty sure it was the government rather than the Creatures, but who knew? It wasn’t like the Creatures could come in person, anyway.
With barely a pause they turned and fled in the other direction. The apartment was unfamiliar and bigger than it looked, and they’d just made it into the central hallway when a voice called out. “In here!” A closet in the hall was half-open, and inside was a familiar figure.
“What the- Anne?” Ash exclaimed in disbelief. “What are you doing in there?” She hadn’t seen the girl in months except for that brief encounter earlier today, but here was Anne again, sticking her head out of an open closet door. She looked young and very, very excited, and in the semi-darkness of the closet her hair looked darker. Ash had almost mistaken her for Elspeth.
“’Tis a gateway hidden in a closet!” Anne replied excitedly (and rather unnecessarily). “I made it!”
“You’ve got the Stone?” George exclaimed. He and Ash exchanged baffled but pleased looks. 
Anne shook her head. “No, ’tis rather more than that, but I shall tell you all about it anon! Now, you must come with me or else face dreadful trouble from the Creatures!”
So the Creatures were waiting outside, Ash realised. And goodness, Anne really did look like Elspeth in this moment. She held open the closet door, revealing a foggy gray space lit with a faint light. Besides the usual closet detritus of a broom, mop and what looked like a silver artificial arm, they couldn’t see what was behind it.
Ash moved to embrace the girl, but Anne stepped back into the closet out of her grasp. No time for that, Ash realised, and went to walk through, but suddenly George grabbed her arm. “Wait one moment.”
Ash looked at him in surprise, and Anne looked displeased, gesturing them inside. “Come! There is no time for delay!”
Ash agreed. There was no time – but George insisted on delaying anyway.
“One question,” he said. “To ease my mind.”
“After coming with me! Do you not know your danger?”
But strangely, the more Anne insisted, the warier Ash felt. Ash stepped back from the open door with its grey fog. “One question,” she echoed George. 
“When was the last time we spoke?” he asked Anne.
Anne barely paused. “When I gave you the paragun to escape, of course.”
Ash looked at George, and he nodded. “It’s correct.” But he still didn’t look pleased. They could have gone through the door then, but Ash found herself asking one more question.
“Who sent you?”
Anne’s excited smile barely wavered, and she glanced from one to the other. “Is this truly necessary?”
“Yes,” Ash answered. “It is. Who sent you?”
Anne rolled her eyes. “The one who always sends me, of course. The Keeper of the Garden.”
“Who is…?” Ash prompted.
“The same as he always was, is and will be,” Anne replied promptly. “But I’m becoming most concerned for your safety, as even now I can hear the enforcers drilling through the outer door. I’ve been watching you most carefully-”
“Amaranthus,” George said suddenly.
Anne halted mid-sentence, then regathered her energy, holding the door even wider. Inside the swirling grey fog became lit with a bright golden light, and the scent of flowers came through. “-and this kind of gateway I cannot exit, but can simply hold open for a limited time. Will you not come through now before my strength fails me? Would it not be dreadful if you were lost, so very close to freedom?”
But Ash wondered why Anne wouldn’t just answer the question. She studied that bright young face with the almost indiscernible hair colour, and thought deliberately, her eyes don’t look the right colour. Both girls have blue eyes. And within seconds of that thought Anne’s eye colour seemed to brighten.
Blue.
Chills ran up Ash’s spine, because she knew Anne’s eyes were most definitely brown. That was not Anne, that was an illusion based on their thoughts and memories of Anne and Elspeth mixed together, and it was very, very good. But not good enough. George must have been thinking the same thing, because they both stepped back, almost hitting the other side of the hall. 
“Amaranthus,” Ash said again, thinking of the first conduit she’d seen in action; the spyglass. “Show your true form, Anne.”
“But that’s not A-” George began, then stopped when the figure in the closet suddenly changed. It wasn’t Anne. It wasn’t quite a Creature, either; but it was something between the two forms, complete with scaled yellow skin, malicious black eyes and too-sharp teeth.
They both screamed. 



Under the shelter of the disc-object, with the world around them blurred into lovely, shimmering colour, Coryn urgently told Aras of everything she’d learned. “It wasn’t secret,” she finished, her voice shaking with unusual emotion. “Everything we talked about, they heard, because the ring is a conduit. Trennan’s ring,” she ended in almost a whisper. “But the Fire Lord is watching us too, Aras! I mean, Amaranthus. Whatever he calls himself.” 
And that gave her a spark of hope even when everything seemed so dreadful. He’d asked her to trust him. She wasn’t sure if she could, but she’d give it a try. She knew he’d helped her with the little redhead and the light-wand, and besides, there wasn’t any other option.
Aras was staring blankly into the distance to where Coryn had been kept captive. She knew it meant he was thinking deeply. “Where is the ring now?”
She looked away, because thinking about that still ached. “I threw it away.”
“Hmm.” He raised her light-wand, its small tip glowing white, and scanned it over her.
“What are you doing?”
“Making sure you’re right.”
But when he held the light over where her loose grey jersey hung over her hip, a small black shadow showed through the fabric. Coryn stuck her hand in her pocket to find the ring, sitting there as though for safekeeping. Clearly her captors had slipped it in there while she was unconscious, probably for a situation just like this. Under the revealing light of the wand, the ring looked blackened and dirty as though it had been dipped in tar. The dark coating roiled and twisted in her hand.
She dropped it in disgust.
Aras picked it up again, giving her an exasperated look. “If it’s true that the Creatures can’t use the conduits while we’re hidden by the disc, there’s no point in dropping it.”
“But they’ll find where we are!”
“They’ll find out anyway. Look.” He held out his metal arm, and for the first time Coryn noticed the tarnish on that too. It wasn’t as dark as the ring, but in the odd light it looked like a hollow cage filled with dark purple smoke. Her ring wasn’t the only conduit.
Coryn had suspected, but having it confirmed was awful. She let out a nasty swearword, and Aras looked desolate. “I know, it’s terrible, but I can’t remove the bloody thing. I suppose there’s nothing to do except stay hidden by the disc – if that carrier was telling the truth. It would make far more sense that they weren’t, so that we’d talk more freely in front of them.”
She shook her head. “It’s possible, but I don’t think it’s true. What she said felt right, Aras.” 
He looked grim. “Either way they can find me, if not you. And they must know where the emblem is, because I said it aloud when I gave it to Ash.”
“Oh, Chaos!” It was a disaster all around. They couldn’t contact Ash since she didn’t have a link, and they couldn’t go chasing after her to hide the emblem, because of course that would lead the Creatures right to the emblem anyway.
But there was one thing that could be done, and Aras did it. He urgently contacted Marta while still under the cover of the disc, telling her to run and hide as soon as Ric arrived, and to send Ash away. 
“What – you’ve already got Ric? How did they arrive so fast?” There was silence, as Coryn couldn’t hear Marta’s side of the conversation. “No, don’t tell me where you’re going,” he cut in. “Alright. Yes. Bye.”
He looked at Coryn. “I truly hope that girl Ash is who she said she is. Marta says Ash is with some guy that she claimed was her husband, and they’ve taken off with the emblem.”
It was something of an anticlimax, for there was nothing Coryn or Aras could do now about the emblem. She felt like prey in a hunter’s sights. Anywhere they went, they’d be found and followed. Well…except for the disc, of course.
Suddenly she felt a gentle finger on her neck. “Coryn, what’s this black mark?”
She touched the spot lightly. “I was shot with a dart this morning in the Borderlands, when Ash was chasing me.”
“Ash shot you?”
“No, it was a Halfling. It was- it was a black dart. But it must be the light that’s making that mark, because I couldn’t see one when I looked earlier.”



Aras could see the mark. And it wasn’t just black. It looked like a drop of ink had fallen on a wet surface, and then spiralled out in tiny, deadly whorls across her pale skin. It only covered an area the size of his thumbprint, but under the light of the wand it appeared to be growing bit by bit. 
He took a deep, almost silent breath, glad that he was behind her so she couldn’t see his face. It felt like being punched in the stomach, because he knew what that meant. The venom would slowly make its way to her heart over the next few weeks or next few months, and she’d feel a bit tired, maybe, until suddenly she wouldn’t feel anything at all. He’d been one of the few that knew the Chosen used black darts, tipped with the venom of the black border snake, for assassinations. They were no good for hunting since they poisoned the meat, and there was no known antidote.
Ric had said Kamile had been bitten by a black border snake, which for some unknown reason had been in her bed. But she was already dead.
Aras was silent for a long time. He closed his eyes, feeling an unwanted wetness trickle down one cheek. “Does it hurt?” he asked finally, his tone very gentle.
She shook her fair head, still turned away from him. “Feels a bit numb, maybe. But otherwise I feel fine.”
That was a mercy. There was another long silence, which Coryn finally broke. She spun around to face him, her expression fierce. “You’re not upset, are you? Because it’s not going to do any bloody good.”
“Of course I’m upset,” Aras replied evenly. “I do care whether you live or die, Coryn.”
She turned away again, wrapping her arms tightly around herself. “Maybe I don’t care all that much. There are worse ways to go.”
“I thought you were past all that.”
She knew what he meant. “Well, I’m not. But I’ve got a few loose ends to tie up, anyway. And do you know what it means to have a timer set?”
He met her eyes, trying to show that he cared, but also to be strong for her. He wasn’t the type to fall apart – not in many years – but he didn’t want to withdraw when she needed him either. “That every moment has to count.”
Coryn looked startled. “Yes.”
So they talked about how they could make every moment count. About the Chosen, about Ric, about those clueless innocents still living in the Compound. About the government, and about the unusual natural – or unnatural – features of this area.
And they came up with a plan. 



“Creature, go away!” George bellowed. 
The Anne-thing shrank back a little, giving them a malignant hiss, but refused to leave its cosy spot in the closet. Thank the Eternal One that the poor child Ric wasn’t here to see this – it would have given him nightmares. It would probably give George nightmares!
Then suddenly the Creature seemed to change. It shimmered and grew and then it was twice the height, twice the bulk, and with an almost-beaked face, although still incongruously wearing a girl’s dress. Faint, featherlike designs marked its skin, and now its eyes were orange. “Come to me,” it ordered in a voice that rang with power. Forget Seyen Johannis, this was true danger.
To his horror, George felt his feet start moving forward. But only a step before he caught himself – he and Ashlea exchanged shocked glances, and then backed away down the hall. Better to face government enforcers than that thing.
“We don’t have its name,” Ashlea murmured to him, her grip tight on his arm. “We can’t control it, because it didn’t give us one!”
“Come to me!” the Creature ordered again, its voice stronger than the last time. “NOW!”
George didn’t know if he would have obeyed. He liked to think not, but that was when the enforcers arrived.
They burst through the door and down the hall and in one notable case, through the roof. Plaster rained down as men in dark armour suddenly filled the hall. They held weapons, but their eyes were fixed on the Creature.
“By Reason,” one whimpered, dropping his weapon. They weren’t even looking at George and Ashlea.
The orange-eyed Creature had lost its dress, now wearing what George recognised from their trip to the Other. Leather, armour, bones; shimmering with ribbon-like power… Perhaps they had met before. “Bring them to me,” it ordered.
Slowly the closest enforcer to the closet turned and stared at George and Ashlea. They backed away, the enforcer moved closer…
But then someone behind George swore, and suddenly the figure in the closet was being riddled with some kind of bullet. It barely shook, but the sound was enough to snap the others out of their trance. Suddenly there was noise everywhere again, some enforcers were attacking the Creature, some were trying to grab each other, and in the chaos Ashlea and George sprinted for the front door. It was wide open, and outside stood a couple of men wearing the same full body armour and holding weapons, only their faces exposed. They obviously didn’t know what was going on inside.
“Halt, on pain of death!” one ordered.
George and Ashlea halted – right next to the remnant gateway they’d come in through. They exchanged once very brief glance, George nodded politely at the enforcer…then they dashed sideways through the gateway, hands held together tightly.
And not a moment too soon, as the men had lifted their weapons. There was that brief feeling of displacement, and then George braced himself for the open air on the other side.
“Ahhh…uh?”
They were standing side by side on the pale grey sand of an unfamiliar beach, black waves lapping nearby. To their left was the ocean, turned dark from the dim, clouded sky, and to their right were high cliffs.
“Where in Hades are we?” 
“I don’t know,” Ashlea replied. She didn’t seem too bothered though, instead staring down at her shirt in dismay. “Look at this. It’ll be ruined!”
There were gobs of light blue gel stuck to the cloth, and she lifted her hand as though to flick them away. 
“Don’t touch it!” George said suddenly. “I know what that is.” It was the same substance that had come from the weapon Anne had provided him – and which he still held, as a matter of fact.
Ashlea glanced up at him in surprise. “I think the medallion’s stopping it from working. That’s what I saw in far-sight, anyway.”
He hadn’t been shot at all, he noted, although he had gone through the gateway first. He gave her a narrow-eyed glare, trying to work out if she’d gone and thrown herself in front of the weapon to save him (which would be greatly unappreciated!) but she smiled back at him innocently, and he finally let it go. 
“Right,” he concluded. “Right. I suppose the thing now, is to find out where we are.”



A few minutes later Ash and George hadn’t had much success working out their location, but strangely enough, she didn’t feel too bothered. It seemed that he wasn’t either. They sat together on the dry sand of the beach away from the high tide line, resting a little and pondering their situation. 
“Of all the things I dislike,’” George commented thoughtfully, “the first would be having villains disguise themselves as your friends.”
“Agreed,” Ash said fervently. It had happened to her three or four times that she knew of, with the villains taking George’s form on at least two of those occasions. “The illusion is never quite right, but it’s horrible knowing that if you don’t pay enough attention, you might miss those mistakes.”
He nodded, lifting his face to the mild sunlight. It wasn’t cold even though the weather looked grim, and Ash still had the emblem tucked inside her jacket pocket. It looked like a small, cracked leather flask. It shouldn’t be worth the trouble that was being made over it.
That led to the second point. “And I hate going through a gateway and having the other end change on me,” she added. “If we’re not careful, we could get seriously lost.” She paused. “Assuming that the gateways aren’t changing because someone’s been doing it purposely. I have to admit the changes have been helpful so far.”
“They have.”
“And at least we’re together.”
George’s hand tightened on hers. “At least we’re together,” he agreed.
Just then they heard the sound of voices carried on the light breeze. Up the beach were a few small figures: children playing, as well as a dog.
The dog reached them long before the children did. It was a small black and brown creature, with the sort of foolish energy that some dogs had. It danced around Ash and George, yapping courageously, then dashed back and forth between them and the children.
Finally the children reached them too. They were three boys aged somewhere between eight and twelve years old, and ranging in skin colour from palest Anglo to coffee-tone. They wore shorts and sleeveless shirts in pale colours, and their feet were bound in sandals with straps winding all the way up their legs. What stopped them from looking Ancient-Reman were the lights flashing on the straps. Clearly not BC.
“You’re not allowed here,” the tallest one said, and his words translated as he spoke. It wasn’t a familiar language, and Ash wondered if she’d heard it before. “This is private property.”
She and George exchanged a glance. “We’re dreadfully sorry,” George said politely. “We came here quite suddenly and by mistake. Perhaps if you might tell us where we are, we could see ourselves out?”
“You’re on the beach,” the littlest one said. He had fair hair and freckles going up to his hairline. “By the Other sea.”
Yes, they knew they were on the beach. But… “We’re in the Other?” Ash burst out in horror. It didn’t look like the Other, although the sky was weirdly dark and they couldn’t even see the horizon. It just felt like an ordinary beach, somewhere dull and not too cold.
“Over there.” The tallest boy pointed across the water to where the darkness met its surface. “That’s the Other. Did you come from it? And don’t bother lying, because I’m pledged to Sarassius and I always know a lie.”
There was a silence as they tried to work out what that even meant, and how the Other could be across the water, and who Sarassius was.
“We have been in the Other,” Ash said finally, because they had. A year ago, anyway. “We’re lost. We don’t mean you any harm.”
The boy studied them assessingly, and his eyes flashed briefly yellow before returning to plain brown. “They’re telling the truth.”
Ugh, creepy changes in eye colour, and talk of the Other? She still didn’t know where they were, but she’d had to distinctly try not to flinch when he’d done that.
“You’re on the border of the Other sea, where Erus and Memrys Provinces meet,” the last (middle-sized) boy explained. He’d been quiet up ’til now.
“Oh, good,” George said blankly. “Er…where is that?”
“I dunno. Memrys, didn’t I just say?” 
Ash spoke up. “What year is it?” 
The middle boy studied them again. “Who doesn’t know that?”
Them obviously! “Are you going to tell us or not?”
“It’s 2902 Common-Era,” the littlest one said. 
George and Ash exchanged another glance, and this one was triumphant. “Well?” George murmured. “Do you think he’s right? He’s only about five.”
“I’m seven,” the boy said defensively.
The tallest one added, “Besides, he knows his basic facts. It is 2902. And who are you that you don’t know? Which Creature are you pledged to?”
“Creature?” 
“Yeah,” the middle one said. “You have to be pledged to a Creature, or you’re nobody. And the Creatures give you all kinds of things. I can always find things that people are looking for, and Kabe can tell if you’re lying, and Clement is really strong.”
Clement being the little one with the freckles. He grinned at them, not looking any stronger than the average six-year-old (excuse me, seven!) and Ash couldn’t shake the sense that they’d landed in an alien world. Pledged to Creatures…?
“The Unfading One,” George said suddenly. “That’s who we’re pledged to. And we can both fly.”
“Never heard of ’im,” Kabe (the tallest boy) retorted. “Only the big three can give out flight. And he mustn’t trust you much if you don’t even know his name.”
As if they’d practiced it, Ash and George both floated up into the air until they hovered well above the boys’ heads, then lowered once more to the ground. “Well?” George said.
The boys were clearly impressed, and any sense of suspicion seemed to be gone – except from the unnamed middle one, who still looked at them as if they were trying to sell him insurance. “I know what you want,” he declared. “You want a really good hiding place.”
The emblem. “Yes,” Ash said slowly, debating how much to say to these supernaturally charged strangers, young as they were. “We do want a really good hiding place. Somewhere that won’t be seen for a long, long time.” She now knew that the Creatures wanted the emblem, and she didn’t want them to get it. But how could they trust these children when they’d just admitted their own Creature involvement?
“This way!”
They followed the boys down the beach until they reached jagged grey rocks which should have formed pools as the waves crashed over them. But instead there were small crevices between the rocks, with only blackness beneath, and puffs of air that whistled up with each splash of the waves. 
“If you fall in those you’re dead,” the middle, still unnamed boy said. “You’ll be stuck in the caves, and you’ll never get out.”
“That’s true,” the bigger boy agreed. “He’s not lying.”
Ash and George looked at each other again. “Well?” George suggested. 
Ash shrugged, sighing. “Why not?” She nodded at the boys. She hadn’t forgotten that flash of inhuman yellow eyes. “Give us two minutes, and we’ll be off.”
They left, but the dog stayed there, watching with interest as she picked up a pebble and dropped it into the nearest crevice, then listened for the sound of a splash. It was a long time coming. “What do you think?” she asked George quietly. “You heard what they said about Creatures. It seems we’d be stupid to trust them on a hiding place.”
George was silent a moment, then sighed heavily. “By Jove, I expect you’re right. But we are in the future, just like we wanted to be. And it isn’t as though we have any better options.”
Ash checked back over her shoulder to see that the boys were some distance down the beach again, playing with their dog. They didn’t seem to be watching…but how could she know? 
 “Or shall we try to go elsewhere?” George suggested when she didn’t move. “Perhaps we might find something better.”
Would they? But when she pondered on the idea, she couldn’t shake the urge to get rid of the thing as soon as possible. “I think you’re right,” she said slowly. “It’s not a great option, but it’s probably our best one.” So it was with some reluctance that she pulled out the emblem where it was wrapped in George’s handkerchief, looking like nothing more than a piece of rubbish. “Be safe, little emblem,” she told it. Then with minimum ceremony she let it fall into the nearest crevice. She didn’t even hear it drop.
“Huh,” she said finally. “Was that it, then?”
George shrugged in a very twenty-first century sort of way. “Apparently. Let’s take this as our cue to leave.”
And they just had to trust that the remnant gateway had moved destinations again, or else they’d be heading back into a whole lot of trouble. 



Lile, 2598 AD

Back at Aras Morison’s apartment, two enforcers tried desperately to get into the ‘trick door’ hidden in the stone wall beside the entryway, but after a long time (and a series of curious onlookers pretending they weren’t watching) they had to give up.
“Keep watch, and make it quiet,” Daniel instructed them through their links. “They’ll have to come back some time.” 
As for him, he was in the outskirts of the city, near where Coryn’s link had last been traced. But it seemed to have blinked completely out of sight, as though they’d managed to deactivate it. They must have known they were being monitored. Morison was nowhere to be seen, Coryn was nowhere to be seen, and now there were nightmare creatures hiding in closets, and strangers disappearing into walls right outside her home…
“I’ll get to the bottom of this,” Daniel muttered to himself. And he’d get her. He wasn’t the Unit’s youngest bureau-detective for nothing.



Anne hovered in the air beside the remnant gateway, hidden from sight and with a most devious expression. Her role at this time was to ‘switch the tracks’ and change the direction of this particular remnant gateway, and she was having a marvellous time, opening and closing and letting in all manner of people…as directed by Amaranthus, of course. Right now there were eight different destinations, all of which she watched curiously and waited for the right person to approach. Like an old paper-folding game, where the outcome depended on the way one held the pieces.
Outside Aras Morison’s enforcer-filled apartment, several men who fiercely denied the existence of the Other were recovering from their first run-in with a Creature, which ironically had taken the form of Anne herself. They were discussing it amongst themselves, coming up with rational (and incorrect) explanations for what it might have been. Strangely, they’d settled on ‘girl wearing a shape-changing helmet’.
“And she’d changed her voice, too,” one of them suggested. He was young and a bit pasty, his complexion suggesting that he didn’t get out of the office all that much. “And then made herself really tall for no reason. To scare us, I suppose.”
“Must be,” another agreed. For what other explanation could there be?
’Twas sad and amusing at the same time, Anne knew. But some people found it most difficult to change their world view. Once they’d decided something was fact, they’d ignore all evidence to the contrary. She could see and hear their thoughts now, swirling out from their minds as though she held a miniature version of Amaranthus’s tapestry. They were all frightened, and all extremely deep in denial. Only one was quietly thinking that perhaps none of their answers were any good, but he didn’t dare speak up, since it would be considered treason. Instead he watched the ‘trick door’ that Ash and George had vanished into, and wondered what was on the other side. When they’d vanished it had looked like they’d stepped through a curtain, but now the stone was hard as rock.
Because I closed the gateway, Anne thought smugly. There was indeed some fun in having this kind of control, but ’twas merely one of the new abilities she’d been gifted. Another ability was that of patience, which in the past she had sorely lacked, and was now showing itself to be quite invaluable. 
Like now, when on one of the other sides of the gateway Ash and George were cautiously approaching from the grey beach where she’d sent them. They were afraid that they’d end up where they’d come in, back outside Aras’s home…but Anne knew better. She’d been told where to send them, so send them she did.
Why, this is a little convenient, she could hear Ash say to George. The gateways just changing, and ending up in useful destinations? It’s as though someone is watching us and manipulating it!
Indeed ’twas, Anne thought happily. And manipulate she would continue to do, just as soon as they gathered the courage to step through…
11.     Hiding in Plain Sight

The Other realm

The cities of the Other realm were vast and ancient and mostly in ruins. Of the few that remained, the Old City held the Tiger’s throne and the centre of its forceful government. The other cities were under the Tiger’s rule too – in theory – but each was ruled by a subordinate.
The city of Tsama lay to the west: a little collection of stone and metal that belonged to Broxa. It ruled its small kingdom like a despot, making orders and taking power in the name of the Tiger. Here, in the centre of Tsama, lay the hive-like building where all the smaller, easily-controlled Creatures worked and kept their own conduits. Alcove after alcove linked to hundreds, thousands of conduits out in the otherwise unreachable normal realm, and the power and secrets gained from each of them went back to Broxa. And if anyone thought that was unfair, then they were quickly taught that strength trumped justice every time. 
Broxa sat on a throne in the centre of the room (no, not a throne, a chair. Yes, it was a chair. The Tiger would never allow it to use a throne). Anyway, the chair groaned with each movement, as it was made of those who had not accepted Brox- the Tiger’s rule, and while they made quite tidy upholstery, they weren’t precisely dead. Broxa didn’t mind; it just added to its sense of power to be literally sitting on vanquished enemies.
Right now, Broxa was enjoying the sense of power that came from scolding an underling. “You’ve lost them, Aristonectes.” Its voice was cool, but all those within its vicinity trembled and bowed their heads. They knew the importance of finding the emblem, what it meant for Bro- for the Tiger.
Aristonectes was a small, round Creature with pale yellow skin, a white belly, and brown flecks rather like a variety of predatory fish. His particular skill was taking images from humans’ minds and creating illusion, and he had done so…until he had failed. He’d been the last to see the time travellers who bore the emblem. He licked his lips nervously. “They have vanished from my sight,” he agreed awkwardly. “But no one could have seen them, not even you.”
He shouldn’t have said that. Broxa had attempted to call the humans to itself by taking Aristonectes’ place, and had failed. And if Broxa could fail, what good could Aristonectes have done? He was one of the small, weaker Creatures who’d not even gone to the trouble of hiding his true name, which was the basic step to protecting oneself from being controlled. The Tiger changed names constantly, and no one knew the true name it had chosen for itself after the Rift. Of course there was the danger that if one used one’s false name many times, it eventually would have to answer to it. Just look at Gerak and ‘Cobie’. Neither were the Creatures’ true names, and yet after all this time they’d introduced themselves that way, and had been forced to bow to that name.
“They were to have been killed or captured before they left this time,” Broxa said harshly, stretching out its hand. It didn’t touch the smaller Creature, and yet Aristonectes lifted into the air, his hands clutching at his throat. “And yet they have gone.”
No one could argue with that. The time travellers had gone, and if the conduits told rightly, they’d taken the emblem with them. It could be anywhere. Ten thousand years to find the eternally-cursed thing, and they had to start over.
The smaller Creature cringed, expecting to be blasted with a wave of fury. But instead he was deposited rather roughly at the side of the room, and Broxa stood and stormed out. Was that really it? Aristonectes wondered. Had he been so mercifully dealt with? Mercy was no longer a word in Broxa’s vocabulary, nor the Tiger’s, but perhaps it had realised that no one could have done any differently, and that the Old Enemy was clearly favouring these two time travellers and hiding them as he had done the other two ex-Chosen, and-
Suddenly the Creature couldn’t move. He had been frozen into stone where he stood, almost as an afterthought.
Ah, well, he thought from that tiny place inside that could still think. Could be worse, really.
Then someone sat a broad piece of wood on his head, hammering it a few times so it’d stay in place. He’d become a table.
Ouch.
Eh. Still could be worse. And he pitied the one that the Broxa took revenge on, for this was not true revenge…



The volcano lay on the Borderlands, in a rocky dark brown valley almost invisible from a distance. It was small as volcanoes went – a steep slope rather than an actual mountain – and faint puffs of smoke occasionally emitted from the crack at its apex. There was no smell of sulphur as you’d expect from geothermal areas, but then this wasn’t an ordinary volcano.
A narrow, deep ravine separated the volcano from the rest of the valley, and a small, rickety swing bridge ran from one side of the ravine to the other. It was held in place with a large iron peg on each side. Coryn thought it looked dreadful – but she could now fly, and so could Aras since she’d given him the anti-grav wings from Anne. But that wasn’t the problem.
She stood with Aras on one side of the bridge, still hidden by the disc, feeling doubt press at her. “I remember the last explosion years ago,” she said. “It was so loud that I cried, even though I was a long way away. And Trennan…”
Trennan had thrown himself away from the explosion just in time, and the force had directed everywhere except at him. It had been a miracle he hadn’t been hurt. But what were they thinking? “You’ve got Ric,” she continued. “I’ll do it.” After all, she’d be dead within months anyway.
Aras gave her one of his cool, even stares. “We’ll do it together. Just because you’ve been shot with that dart doesn’t mean your life no longer has value.” He paused. “Did you know Kamile had been bitten by a black border snake? Ric said one had been left in her bed.”
Coryn did a double-take, and felt more sadness and anger over her friend’s ending, tinged with a hint of humour. “So the blood-drinkers were consuming tainted blood. Good for them.”
“Hmm. I just thought it strange that the snake was in there at all.”
It wasn’t so strange when she considered that Kamile had been murdered not too much later. It did seem like double-handling, though. But focusing on why they’d come here: they were going to set off the volcano – again – and make sure that the government fully saw it this time. Innocent or guilty, the Chosen were no longer going to stay beneath the law’s notice. Aras had already notified the enforcers of his intended actions through an open link message, and they had no doubt that they’d have company by day’s end.
Aras still held the weapons he’d brought with him, the ones that hadn’t been destroyed when the air vehicle burned. The plan was to shoot repeatedly into the supernatural crater of the volcano, and…well, see what happened. It wasn’t a very good plan, but it was all they had.
Just then a small, slight figure stepped into view across the small valley, near a series of abandoned railway carts, the ancient train tracks beneath them long gone. Coryn recognised her as the carrier, Shu, and she was alone, with her weapon loose at her side as she moved quietly about, searching for something. From their view under the disc’s illusion Shu’s form seemed to shift and change, the details hard to pinpoint.
Aras and Coryn exchanged a silent glance, and he lifted his weapon. The wonder of the disc was that you’d only be heard if you wanted to be – she shouldn’t have heard their conversation. Even now she moved past them only ten metres away, but seemed to not even register their presence.
Coryn set a hand on his shoulder. “Only shoot if you have to. She might be a friend.” Shu might have been that ‘help’ the Fire Lord had said he’d send. The truth remained to be seen, but shooting her dead seemed like a poor move either way.
Aras nodded to show he understood. 
Still hidden, Coryn called out, “Looking for something?”
Shu froze in place, her big eyes flicking rapidly between yellow and blue. She moved as if to raise her weapon, then stopped herself, slowly lowering it to her side. “I can’t see you, but I suppose you’ve got a weapon trained on me.”
“Of course,” Coryn replied coolly. “But we don’t have the emblem. I don’t know what lies you’ve told us and what truths, but we don’t have it. It’s long gone.”
“I know you don’t have it,” Shu said, still holding herself stiffly in place. “I haven’t come here for you. I was sent for someone else.”
The valley was as empty as it had been when they’d arrived, with the exception of the carrier. Coryn did an exaggerated gesture (which was lost on Shu, since she couldn’t see them). “Who?”
“That is not knowledge you require.”
Now Aras spoke up, and his coldness was real this time. He did not like carriers. “You currently have a high-frequency type-Z Lightning Bolt directed at your forehead. It would pay for you to be open with us.”
But instead of showing fear, the carrier grinned. It was an open, vaguely familiar grin, although Coryn couldn’t place why. There was something about the woman… “So masterful,” she said lightly. “I can see why this body admired you. An enjoyment of risk, perhaps? But if you shoot, I won’t die. I’m immortal, son of Moris. This body will die, however, and it seems a shame when I’ve gone to such trouble to keep it alive.”
Ever a good soldier, Aras didn’t even flinch, even though Coryn felt a tinge of distaste at the reminder of what the carrier really was. In this case, the Fey/Creature seemed to be running the woman’s body.
“The light-wand,” Aras said as an aside to Coryn. 
Shu didn’t seem to hear it, she just stood there with her hands half-raised, head cocked to the side as though listening. “You’ve got company,” she said. “That disc won’t keep you from physical harm.”
Coryn ignored the weak distraction, pulling out the light-wand and holding it aloft. The light began to glow, and as always their surroundings changed. Aras’s arm and Coryn’s ring still held wisps of deep purple smoke showing the Fey influence, and the ravine and small volcano were a virulent orange. The hill was hollow, she realised, and inside was something she couldn’t quite understand. Something that bubbled…
But it was the carrier before them who was most changed by the revealing light. Still small and slender, now her features and colouring were subtly different. Her light brown hair turned dark brunette, her pale skin a touch darker and a touch greener, and her yellow-blue eyes turned to brown. She had a big, round belly like she’d stuck a melon under her shirt, and there was a violently red gash across her throat.
 All around her head and upper body was another form, translucent but not wispy like the other Creatures Coryn had seen. The supernatural being hovered over and around and in the girl, looking like a cross between a blue celestial-fish and a beautiful child. Long, faintly striped blue ribbons of something waved around its inhuman face and wrapped around the carrier’s throat, and another wove down her arm and covered a deep black wound on her wrist.
The carrier was Kamile, and the Fey/Creature was keeping her alive.
There was a crunch as Aras dropped the disc and the image slipped away, leaving only the vaguely familiar-looking Shu, who now watched them solemnly. That clumsiness was the only sign of his shock beyond the sweat that trickled down his temple, and the slight shudder of his hand on his weapon. He didn’t speak.
As for Coryn, she was so shocked she didn’t speak either. She just stared at the Creature that had stolen or saved her friend, her hand dropping by her side. She still held the light-wand. “Why?” she asked finally. “Why?”
“You already know,” Shu answered solemnly. She watched Coryn with those big, wrong-coloured eyes that were in Kamile’s head, but didn’t drop her weapon. “Creatures cannot step outside the Other realm without the aid of a human carrier.” 
“A victim, you mean,” Aras said, sounding furious. He’d lowered the weapon though, clearly realising he wasn’t going to shoot this person, even if the one controlling them deserved it. “Don’t tell me she was willing.”
Shu didn’t show a hint of guilt. “Your friend was in no position to say yes or no. She was an inch from death by good old-fashioned exsanguination, and I saved her. I could leave her body, return to the Other until I’m fortunate enough to find another way out, but she’ll die. She’ll die from the snake bite, even if not from the wound. You should be thanking me.” 
Perhaps the carrier was right, because joy was welling up inside Coryn, and she felt in a moment she wouldn’t be able to contain it. She was jittering with it, with hope, but she had to know one thing. “Is Kamile still in there, or is it just her body?”
“Of course she’s still here. As long as the body’s alive, the soul is still attached – even if just by a thread. She’s not suffering, you know. It’s like she’s been asleep. I’ve just been reading through her memories as a way to pass the time.” Shu gave Aras a frankly assessing glance. “You didn’t exactly try to make it memorable, did you Papa?”
 It…? Aras’s face went white, and Coryn stared at him blankly for a moment before Shu’s words made sense. Papa. And Kamile was clearly pregnant – very pregnant. 
“But Kamile said you weren’t interested in her,” Coryn said to him in shock. “But that’s your baby?”
“I- it could be. It was only once!”
Coryn didn’t know what she would have done next – slapped him? Hugged the carrier? – but suddenly they did have company. Shu had been right about that too.
One moment it was just Coryn, Aras, and Shu/Kamile, and the next Ash had walked out of a rock wall along with a fair-haired boy about her own age. They were holding hands, and both looked merely startled by the change of scene.
“Coryn!” Ash cried out happily. “You’re OK!”
Aras swung his weapon automatically towards the two newcomers, and Shu took advantage of the distraction to turn and run. She made it to the rope bridge in seconds, barely hesitating as she ran across to the other side near the volcano, the ropes bouncing alarmingly with her movement.
Coryn just gave Ash a stunned look. “You’re supposed to have taken the emblem away! What are you doing here? And who’s that?”
Aras lowered the weapon once more, looking irritated. “Her husband, of course. But now the carrier’s got away over the bridge with Kamile’s body.”
“Uh…sorry?” Ash said. “Who?”
Meanwhile, Shu stood at a distance over the other side of the ravine. She watched them briefly, then turned and began to scramble up the slope towards the volcano’s apex.
Aras turned, slinging his weapon over one shoulder and pushing back his sleeves to reveal the anti-grav wings. “Coryn, you watch these two. I’ll get the carrier.”
“I say, we don’t require watching,” the new boy said. Or perhaps he was more of a young man – but everyone looked like a boy next to Aras. He had wavy fair hair, improbably high-waisted trousers, and an open, friendly face that at present looked baffled. Either another time traveller, or someone who just had terrible fashion sense. “We’re quite able to take care of ourselves.” 
“The emblem,” Coryn repeated urgently. “What did you do with it? Because if the Creatures get it, then they’ll be able to walk right out into the normal realm, and we won’t be able to stop them!”



To Ash, walking through unknown gateways felt like walking blindfolded into an unfamiliar room where anything could be happening. She never got the chance to take it in; and now she had to answer the question right away. 
In this particular case she could understand Coryn’s concern, although she still didn’t know what was going on. “We hid it very well, in the distant future,” she answered finally. “It won’t be findable for at least four hundred years.” She hoped.
“How well?” Coryn demanded. She looked none the worse for wear considering her kidnapping – quite flushed and healthy, actually – but Ash still felt a pang of guilt over her failure to save her earlier. 
“Very well,” she repeated, pushing back the memory of the watching children, and those flashing inhuman eyes. “In an underground cave on a beach. And I did just say it was four centuries in the future.” Even if those children had lied, and someone found it immediately, they still had time.
Coryn scrubbed a hand through her straight blonde hair, closing her eyes in what must have been relief. “So it won’t be found in our lifetimes at least.”
Meanwhile, George was looking both interested and confused. “I beg your pardon, as we’ve not been introduced, but did someone say that a carrier has taken someone’s body?”
Ash perked up. “Oh, yes! Coryn, meet my husband George – we’ve made up, as you see – and George, meet Coryn. She’s the one I was telling you about. And Coryn, I thought Kamile died months ago…?”
“But she didn’t die!” Coryn exclaimed, waving her arms. It was the most animated Ash had ever seen her. “This – Creature – who helped me escape from the Chosen, she’s got Kamile’s body! She’s wearing it like a jacket, and we need to make her give it back!”
“Without Kamile dying,” Aras called over. He was standing at the edge of a rope bridge that Ash only now noticed, testing the peg that held it into place. He’d clearly been listening in, though. “She’s got a couple of otherwise fatal injuries that we’ll need to take care of.”
“By Jove,” George murmured to Ash. “He does look like the Decimator, at least in size. But I think he reminds me more of that man who’s always trying to retrieve his kidnapped daughter.”
Considering that George thought every twenty-first century action star was interchangeable, Ash had to disagree. But it was hardly important. “Are you sure it’s not just another Creature trap?” she asked dubiously. “We barely avoided one back at Aras’s flat, in a closet of all places. I figure there was a conduit in the closet, and the Creature used it to open a gateway and disguised itself as a friend.”
“A conduit?” Coryn asked sharply. “What was it?”
Ash shrugged helplessly. “I don’t know. I didn’t see.” She’d been too busy panicking over their imminent doom…again.
“There was a broom,” George piped in helpfully. “And a mop, as well as what looked to be a metal arm, just sitting on the floor by itself. Rather like that one you’re wearing now, chap. It might have been any of those things, mightn’t it? And you needn’t bother with the bridge. Both of us can fly, you know.”
‘Chap’ a.k.a. Aras looked down at his prosthetic arm for a moment, then gave George a deadpan stare. “Coryn, the wings aren’t working here, and you said that the girl’s flight abilities didn’t extend to the Borderlands. I’ll need you to hold this for me.”
He’d spoken to Coryn as though Ash and George weren’t even there. But they ignored that obvious snub, moving forward to follow Coryn, who’d gone to the edge of what looked to be a very deep ravine, so deep the bottom couldn’t be seen. And was that a hint of red in its depths?
George stood next to her on the edge. “My word,” he murmured. “If this is ‘Borderlands’ then I see what you mean about the atmosphere. No doubt it clears once one enters the Other proper, but here…” As he spoke he flapped his arms helplessly, raising about a foot off the ground before coming down again. “By Jove, this is different.”
It felt as though if they tried to fly, they’d end up flopping instead. Ash could feel the weight of the air right here over the ravine. She wouldn’t say for sure that she couldn’t fly, but she certainly didn’t want to risk not being able to. “It seems to affect you the same way as me,” she commented, doing something similar. “Strange, don’t you think? When we were in the Other we didn’t have a spot of trouble. If anything it was easier.”
Meanwhile Coryn was arguing with Aras. “I’m lighter, so I should go across. Besides, she knows me.”
“She is a Creature,” Aras said grimly, ignoring her. “Kamile’s not the one running that body, and you wouldn’t be able to carry her. And besides, I have an interest in seeing that body remains whole. You can trust me.”
Coryn gave him a narrow stare – there was some story behind that, Ash knew – but gave in, and the three of them focused on holding the rope steady as Aras ventured out over the bridge. 
“I say,” George commented in Anglish. “It’s a rather sheltered spot, isn’t it? A dreadful place for an ambush.” Ash gave him a startled look, and he raised an eyebrow. “Surely you see what I mean.”
Ash did see, and that was what bothered her. Her imagination began to run wild…
“What did he say?” Coryn asked.
But George corrected himself. “My apologies, madam. I forgot myself there. I was merely commenting that this location-”
 But the images rushing into Ash’s mind were now recognisable as far-sight rather than just imagination. Uh oh. “AMBUSH!”
“Well, yes, that was what I was saying.”
But it was a real ambush, and shots were being fired from in front of them, above them, who knew where. Rat-tat-tat-tat-tat-tat-tat. The sound was a soft rattle unlike anything Ash had heard before, but also unmistakable. She felt something hit her back, not hurting at all, but then the clod of dirt next to them exploded into dust. Aras paused where he stood partway across the bridge, as if judging his chances to make it across, but then turned and ran back. They all dashed for cover, and then it was complete chaos.



Bang. Bang. Coryn jolted with the sound of the weapon as it struck the earth around them, somehow miraculously never hitting a live target. They weren’t paraguns, she knew, nor efficiency rifles; they were something older and bloodier that would leave holes where it hit. She didn’t even have the time to consider the use of old weapons rather than alter-power even in this place – she just reacted, throwing herself out of the way and rushing for the cover of the nearby abandoned railcars.
And now Ash was screaming out from somewhere to Coryn’s left: “They’re on the other side! I see two of them!”
Well, good for her. Coryn couldn’t see anything except that Aras hadn’t made it to the railcars. He was crouched on the other side of the small valley, back in the shelter of the cliff near where Ash and George had come through, only partially protected. He was wearing what Coryn knew to be armour, but it didn’t cover his head. It seemed only a matter of time until he was hit.
“I’ll cover you!” she screamed across to him, turning one of the borrowed weapons in the general direction of the shooters. The attackers were above them; above and to the sides of the volcano. (Where Shu was, that liar. But what could you expect from a Creature? They probably didn’t even know how to tell the truth!) As for Coryn, she was cursing that they’d dropped the disc somewhere and never recovered it. How stupid could you get?
To her left George had also managed to get hold of a paragun somehow and was disappearing inside the railcar itself. She could hear him shooting through the gaps in the wood, alternately cheering and swearing depending on the outcome. It was chaos, but then Aras made it worse.
He ran forward into the danger, then turned, firing his weapon in the general direction of the shooters as he charged towards the railcars. He jolted as something grazed over his arm, but then he reached them and threw himself behind the railcar with Coryn and the others. His blond hair was wet with sweat, and his thick black top had a bloody gouge on one bicep, right through the fabric.
“They’re using old weapons,” he said through gritted teeth. “They’ll cut through anything, but they won’t disintegrate you.”
Just then a rock exploded into dust, right in front of their faces and their eyes widened.
“I take that back,” Aras said quickly. “We need to get out of here.”
“Hey, there’s a remnant gateway in here!” Ash called excitedly from inside the railcar. “If it’s like the others, then you’ll be able to come through too!”
“Isn’t it rather convenient for it to be right here?” her husband argued. “Wouldn’t we be better to go back to the original one we arrived through?”
“You mean the one that changes destination every time we use it? I hardly think that’s any safer!”
“It doesn’t matter,” Aras cut in. “We’re not going without Kamile.”
That was exactly what Coryn had been about to say, and she felt another wash of shock/pleasure that her friend was still alive. The grief on her heart had lifted just a little.
“There are at least two shooters,” Aras told her grimly. “But as long as they’re at that distance we should have a decent chance at them. Have you got a weapon?”
“I’ve got this stunner I took from that guy Duke.” She showed him.
His eyebrows shot up in surprise. “This isn’t a stunner. See?” He tapped a hand against the top and side of the device, and light briefly shot out to hit the railcar wall, leaving a large hole. “It’s a handheld efficiency device. Don’t aim it at us, and hide it once we’re done. This thing’s illegal.”
A lot of things were illegal, but that hadn’t stopped them before. Coryn nodded anyway, taking the device with a new wariness. “But you’ve been shot in your right arm!” The long gouge showed what she’d thought, that the weapons were neither efficiency rifles nor paraguns. A small, round hole was bleeding dark red into his sleeve. “Now you can’t shoot!”
“I’m ambidextrous,” he replied, barely responding to her insult. But then he was the unshakeable Aras, of course he couldn’t be held down, Coryn thought, not when Kamile was at stake… Then he leaned out once more, holding the weapon in his prosthetic left arm…and a round red dot abruptly blossomed on his temple. He slumped to the ground, a trickle of blood running into his fair hair. 
Coryn was so shocked she couldn’t even scream. But someone inside the railcar did scream, and she wasn’t sure it was Ash.
“They’re in the trees,” Ash said hoarsely. “We’re trapped!”
“What in Hades!” George exclaimed angrily. “This is not how it’s supposed to happen! Get in the railcar.”
The three of them scrambled inside the old wooden railcar, and Coryn waited for something to happen, for the cavalry to come, or that she would suddenly have perfect marksmanship and Aras would turn out to have a flesh wound…but nothing changed. They were in this tiny place under fire, and Aras was probably dead, and there was no one who was going to save them except them. 
With that knowledge Coryn pressed the muzzle of the weapon up to the roof of the railcar, through the tiny gap between its wooden slats, and fired until she heard a screech of pain. “Yes!” she hissed in grim satisfaction. “I got one of them!” That was for Aras.
In the next moment they felt the heavy weight of someone – several someones – land on the roof of the railcar, and several beams of light appeared suddenly as whoever it was shot downwards. Coryn felt something skim past her shoulder, followed by a bright streak of pain.
“Oh, help,” Ash called to no one in particular.
“Forget it,” she heard George call. “Ashlea, help me pull her through the gateway!”
“No,” Coryn tried to say. “Leave me. I’m dying anyway, and the enforcers are after me…”
But it was like they didn’t hear her. They grabbed her and pulled her up towards the wall of the railcar, which seemed to peel away like a reluctant layer of an onion, revealing light on the other side…
She didn’t know what was happening, but it felt all wrong. But then the shapes and colours around her blurred and changed, and everything was different, and then she was out.



“Oh, shnit,” Ash exclaimed. “We’ve left Coryn behind.” She and George had gone through the gateway, pulling the girl with them, but then smack. She’d been left behind on the other side.
George didn’t even chide her on her language. It was a sign of how shocked he must have been.
They were – well, who cared where they were? Somewhere industrial with stone everywhere rather than greenery, because they appeared to have come out of a metal wall. But both turned in unison to go back through the gateway, and-
Clonk. That was the sound their faces made when colliding in with the metal wall – and yes, it did hurt.
The gateway was closed.
12.      Face-Off 

Coryn’s head swam and it felt like she was being forced through jelly, or like being in VR when she hadn’t yet decided on a destination. So many possible destinations, and seeing them all at once made her feel positively ill. 
But then suddenly the feeling of displacement left, and so did the strong arms dragging her. She fell backwards away from the now-solid wooden wall of the railcar, taking a moment to realise what had happened. Ash and George had gone through the gateway without her, and she could see Aras’s still figure half hidden under the railcar where he’d fallen.
Chaos. An intense pang of sorrow hit her heart, and she crawled out towards him, conscious that she’d lost her own weapon. Her arm ached where the shot had skimmed her. Not a fatal shot, though; not like him.
“Aras, I’m sorry,” she whispered to the fallen form. He shouldn’t have had to die. They should have been able to save Kamile, who was in some way still alive out there – although who knew how long for. Because Kamile had been bitten by a black border snake, no doubt she’d be dead the moment the Creature left her. 
BOOM. Something landed next to her, sending a cloud of dust spraying up into the air around her, and knocking her back against the wooden wall of the railcar. She blinked against the dust, and then she could see a large, red…tortoise? It turned its wrinkled head towards her, and as she stared at it in confusion a strong arm reached around her shoulders, pulling her back, and in the same movement a sharp blade kissed her throat.
“Distraction kills,” someone hissed in a familiar voice. “Where is the emblem, Coryn?”
“I don’t have it,” Coryn tried to say, but then there was the quiet pop sound of a shot fired, and her captor fell away. A familiar woman in a red cloak lay on the ground with a round hole burned in her forehead – Elder Starbright.
“Coryn,” Aras rasped from his position halfway under the railcar. “Go!” He was watching her with narrowed eyes, and in spite of his wound he’d managed to get hold of one of the weapons again. His face and hair was as red as that cloak from what had surely been a flesh wound, but there was nothing wrong with his aim.
He must have been knocked out by the shot’s impact, she realised joyfully. Caught between shouting, ‘You’re alive!’ and ‘Like Hades I’ll go!’ she exclaimed, “Like Hades you’re alive!” Then shaking her head she simply ducked down and grabbed him under the arms, pulling him out into the open. “Can you walk?”
 Instead of answering, he raised his weapon, and there was a click as it failed to fire at whatever was behind her. 
A cold steel tube touched the back of Coryn’s neck, and Elder Jurgis said, “That’s the trouble with the old weapons. The ammunition doesn’t last very long. Now turn around with your hands raised.”
Coryn turned around slowly, her hands in the air as ordered. The Elder who’d always been close to Starbright, and who’d been one of those to murder her loved ones, stood there with a smirk on his smooth face and a small, modern pistol in his hand. They shot up to one hundred paper-thin metal discs before they’d need reloading, and would do as much damage as one of the old bullets. 
“You look…good, Jurgis,” she said honestly, diplomatically not adding ‘for a monster’. She hadn’t noticed in their earlier interaction that his hair was a solid grey but his skin didn’t have one wrinkle. It was like he’d aged backwards.
He crooked his head to the side, smiling. “I do, don’t I? You see, I didn’t become a blood-drinker for no reason. It literally stops one from ageing, and can even reverse that process. I do believe there are other ways, but this is the most straightforward.” He grinned, and in spite of his very smooth skin, his teeth looked yellowed and old. “Besides, I enjoy it.”
Urgh. That was disgusting – and right at that moment Coryn literally didn’t know what to do. Aras was there, and by some miracle he wasn’t dead, but after Jurgis killed her he would kill Aras properly this time, and who knew however many others. All she could think of was to keep him talking. “You don’t seem that upset that Starbright is dead.”
Jurgis shrugged. “I’m not sentimental. I see it as a strength. Now, you are going to tell me where the emblem is. And don’t bother lying and telling me it’s not here. I want to know who has it, where they’ve taken it, and when.”
“I-I don’t know any of those things.”
He clucked his tongue disapprovingly. “Did you think I’m so easily fooled? Your conversations haven’t gone unheard. Have they, Master?”
As Coryn tried to make sense of that, Jurgis’s light brown eyes took on a new orange tint, and his features subtly changed. “Indeed they have not,” Brosca purred through Jurgis’s mouth. “That ring you wear, and your companion’s false arm, have been as good as open links for us to hear your treasonous behaviour. It is only your cooperation now that will mark the difference between a slow death and a quick one.”
Coldness ran down Coryn’s spine, but she managed to find her voice, “You couldn’t have overheard everything, or you wouldn’t need to ask us now. So shoot, then. We won’t tell you anything.”
 Meanwhile Aras had made it to his feet and moved towards them, an unreadable expression on his face. “It was you. You were the carrier that took me.”
Jurgis/Brosca looked very briefly surprised, but then laughed. “Oh, you dear sweet boy. You were so small and weak back then, were you not? But such a pretty face, we could hardly resist. A shame we were interrupted when we were, hmm?”
The trafficker, Coryn realised in shock. Jurgis – carrying Brosca – had been the one who’d tried to traffic Aras and no doubt many other children. Aras snarled and threw himself at the carrier, weapon notwithstanding, but Jurgis/Brosca just raised his spare hand. Suddenly Aras was dragged to a halt, his Fey-made metal arm holding him back as abruptly as a chain. He swore and fought, but the arm was now controlled by the Fey/Creature, as perhaps it always had been. Coryn watched in horror as it turned and reached for her; reached for her throat with outstretched fingers. Aras’s own face was twisted with horror and fear as he fought against what the arm was doing, but even he was too weak to stop it.
Jurgis/Brosca laughed, and it was a horrible laugh. “Trafficking, such a plain label for our little business on the side. Just another way of making money and keeping connections, and it kept some of my fellow Creatures happy. There are always plenty of children with no parents to keep track of them, no one to notice them gone. But here you both are now, and you see that we have always had the power. Feel free to fight, Aras Morison – it won’t do any go-”
In a sudden, stunning moment Jurgis/Brosca turned into a still grey version of himself…and then as the wind blew, Elder Jurgis dissolved into ash, right down to his red cloak. Aras’s Fey arm collapsed back to his side, and he fell to his knees.
“Trafficking children for means of slavery or prostitution is an automatic death sentence,” came a flat, professional voice from behind her. “Punishment enacted under section 463 of the Secular Morality Act 2530, subsection 8.” Then like a repeat of the previous few minutes with Jurgis, the enforcer said, “Turn around slowly with your hands in the air.”
It was Daniel, just as Coryn had thought. She gave him her biggest, most grateful smile. “You just saved our lives. Thank you so much!”
Daniel didn’t smile back. “You’re under arrest for treason, Coryn Regindotir. You too, Morison. Now you can come quietly, or I’ll administer the maximum sentence right now.” He was holding an efficiency rifle, and she’d just seen in it action. His previous affection for her was nowhere to be seen. 
“What do you mean, treason?” she asked in dismay. And why was he alone for such a thing? Enforcers almost always travelled in pairs, especially in such a remote area. 
“Illegal access to other persons’ virtual reality sessions, possession and use of illegal items such as ‘objects of power’, repetition of tenets opposing the code of the Secular Republic, and last but not least…” he paused for effect, “…proselytising young, innocent minds in your twisted, foolish ways.”
He knew about the other girls, then. Coryn closed her eyes in momentary horror. It would be a death sentence for them too, unless they were very lucky. “It’s not what you think,” she said quietly. “There are things going on here that the government has no idea about, and wouldn’t know how to face anyway. We didn’t choose this life-”



After Daniel had heard that last, terrible conversation through the audio-recorder, he’d known for certain that Coryn had crossed a line, one he couldn’t pull her back from. Of course she’d crossed it many years before, but now he knew, he couldn’t overlook it. He’d been determined to act cool and professional, and do his duty as an enforcer of the Secular Republic…even with her. 
But his professional act only lasted until she began to lie. “Don’t tell me you didn’t choose!” he shouted suddenly. “Of course you chose! You could have come to me, come to- to the enforcers at any time, and we would have helped you! I would have helped you. But instead you just got deeper and deeper with this treasonous rubbish – it’s like you wanted to die!”
He’d come out all this way alone, even knowing it was against policy, because he’d been afraid that he’d see something which would merit immediate use of the rifle and he just couldn’t stand that. Not for Coryn. And for all of his words about treason, he was determined to slant it so that she didn’t get more than, oh, thirty years to life. Perhaps then she could think about what she’d done, think about what was true and good…and at least she wouldn’t be dust like that trafficker before them.
Cory’s mouth moved, but Daniel kept speaking over her. “Yes, I did hear what that man with the multiple personalities was saying. He was a trafficker, and now he’s dead. But his crimes do not cancel out your own! Others like him will face justice soon for the filth they’ve allowed to flourish here in our Lile, but I came out here so I could try to avoid giving you the maximum sentence at once – not you, Morison, you can rot for all I care, taking advantage of girls in your employ and not even registering as a couple! – and the least you could do is give me some honesty!”
She went as though to speak again, and he continued, “Well?”
There was a silence where she and Morison exchanged a glance – something meaningful between treasonous lovers, no doubt – and she said finally, “Would you want to hear it?”
“Yes! Didn’t I just say that?!”
Coryn glanced over at the fallen body of the woman in red (and yes, Daniel had heard how she’d threatened Coryn before being killed) and at the dust that even now was picked up by the slight breeze…what was left of the other man. “They killed my lover,” she said quietly. “And they cut my best friend’s throat, but we just found out she survived. We’ve come here to fetch her, and to try to stop them from doing worse.”
“Your lover?” Daniel looked at Morison, who was kneeling in a way he no doubt thought made him look harmless, but which had quite the opposite effect considering the amount of blood on his face and neck. “I thought-”
Morison met Daniel’s eye with a kind of rueful shrug that told the full story. They weren’t together…? For a moment Daniel felt an actual sense of kinship with the man – but it didn’t last. “It doesn’t matter,” he said flatly. “You can give us all the information you have, but we can’t overlook your crimes. You might be able to get a life sentence rather than an execution though, if you tell us what you know.” They were silent (well, it hadn’t been good news, had it?) and he added, “That cultish village where you both used to live is going to be raided within the hour after we received a tip. Enforcers are already on their way with heavy artillery. If there’s anything you know…” Please, please tell me, he thought desperately. If they gave information then he could present them as compliant, and then he’d be able to save them from the full sentence. Save her. 
“It was our tip, Daniel,” Coryn said flatly. 
“Your tip?” he echoed. Just then he noticed a patch of red on her dark top. “Have you been shot?” he asked in surprise.
She lifted a hand to her shoulder. “One would assume so.”
“Sarcasm isn’t going to help you,” Daniel began irritably, annoyed that his first inclination was to get the medi-pack. But then someone new came on the scene.
It was a young woman – a girl, really – who walked across the nearby rope bridge, approaching them without any hint of fear. She was small and slender, and one hand cradled her obviously pregnant belly. She looked perfectly normal, in fact, except for the way she wore unnatural yellow lenses on her eyes. “I’ve been waiting for you.”
There was a long pause where Daniel tried to work out who she was talking to, and he eventually realised in shock that it was him. “Me?” he said in surprise, just as Coryn exclaimed, “Seriously, him? Why?”
Well, yes, that was exactly what he’d just said. She didn’t need to sound so appalled about it.
“You’re not hiding your form anymore,” Morison commented quietly. He was staring at the girl’s belly with what looked like terror, but Daniel ignored her, lifting his weapon.
“Stop right now. I won’t warn you twice.”
The girl stopped, watching him with those big, creepily-yellow eyes. “Shulameda.”
Or at least it sounded like she said something along those lines. Suddenly Daniel felt himself relax, an overwhelming sense of peace filling him as though he’d been sedated. His hand fell open and his weapon clunked to the ground, and suddenly he didn’t feel the slightest fear any longer, nor the need to challenge her. Why bother?
The pregnant girl walked casually past the other two, Morison having got to his feet and who was still staring at her fixedly. She stopped right in front of Daniel, holding out her hand. “Give me the emblem.”
“I don’t know what you’re referring to,” he said helplessly, although he knew that even if he had known, he would have given it. Such was the lethargy he found himself in.
“That’s a handy trick you’ve got there, but he doesn’t have the emblem, Shu,” Coryn said in amused dismay. “He’s an enforcer. He wouldn’t touch an object of power with a twenty-foot pole.”
The pregnant girl – Shu – ignored Coryn, still holding her small hand out to him with her palm up. “Show me what you do have, now.”
And strangely Daniel felt his hand slip into his pocket, pulling out his ever-present link. His lucky link, embedded into the coating of an old oil flask (OK, probably a liquor flask, if he’d be honest with himself) that he’d been handed down from his grandfather. “It’s nothing. Just an old piece of junk.”
But Coryn had turned white as chalk. “Where did you get that?” she gritted out. 
“My grandfather,” Daniel replied, baffled. “It’s just an old flask that he found on a beach eighty years ago. It’s not worth much, except for sentimental value.”
“Allow me to decide that,” Shu said. She took the flask from his unresisting hand, turning and walking back to the bridge where she’d come from. Coryn and Morison watched numbly, moving as if to take a step closer. But they too seemed affected by that same lethargy, and their movements were as slow as if they were underwater.
Shu stopped right by the ravine, one hand on her round belly and the other holding his link out over the gap. She turned and stared at the three of them. “The shulamithe effect won’t last for long, and I won’t be able to do it again. Let’s just say it’s a trade. You gave me the emblem, and I’ll give you back this body.”
The other three were still frozen in place, but Coryn managed to speak. “Don’t do it, please! If you have any sense of what is right and good, don’t do it!”
“I’m sorry. I’m under orders.” With her eyes fixed on them, the girl opened her hand and let the link-flask fall. She’d barely released it when a bright curl of orange fire/light burst up from the ravine’s depths to consume the falling emblem, disappearing into the depths once more.
Chaos, Daniel thought. That had almost looked like a tentacle…
Coryn let out a moan of horror and moved as if to run for the ravine, but she seemed to be held in place. Shu took one more step back towards them. Just one, and suddenly her eyes rolled back in her head, her body went limp, and she collapsed on the hard ground.



Coryn felt the Creature’s power fade the moment it left Kamile, and suddenly that unnatural lethargy left her. She leapt into motion, running towards her fallen friend. Aras was right behind her, and they crouched over the small form, turning her so they could see her face. Her skin was too pale, and her eyes were closed, and there was a terrible red scar across her throat. Could it even be called a scar? It looked like a half-healed wound that would tear open at any moment.
“Bloody Creature,” Aras muttered next to her, but she heard concern in his voice. “We’re going to need something for that throat.”
“Bloody time travellers,” Coryn cut back, putting her full anguish into the words. “They told us they took the emblem into the future, not the past!” But the emblem was a terrible loss. A terrible, terrible loss since Shu surely had known what was down in the ravine, someone waiting to catch it, no doubt, and that also meant she couldn’t possibly be working for the Fire Lord. 
Yet there was more to come. The vicious scar on Kamile’s throat was nothing compared to the black bite marks on her thin forearm, as vivid as raven feathers on fresh snow. Those would kill her. And she couldn’t even think of the imminent attack on the Compound, and her poor ‘sisters’ who were no doubt about to be arrested themselves.
“Maybe,” Aras began, and then his voice cracked. He paused. “Maybe she’ll live long enough for the baby to be born.”
His baby, of course, but any anger Coryn had over that was gone. There was too much else to worry about, and Kamile had wanted a child. Oh, how she’d wanted one. It was just a tragedy she’d never see this one live.
“Alright,” Daniel said from behind them. “I’ve got a medi-pack. It’ll give her a shot of what she needs to cope with severe blood loss, and to seal that neck wound properly. Er…that wound wasn’t showing before, was it?”
Coryn turned to look at him. He stood there in his enforcer’s clothing with an expression of baffled resentment, having recovered his weapon at some point. He’d come to arrest them. He’d killed Jurgis…and he’d had the Chaos-damned emblem the whole time. But he was offering to help Kamile, and so she’d take it. “No, it wasn’t. And thank you.”
Daniel nodded, pausing to study her inscrutably before turning and striding for his vehicle.
Aras turned to Coryn quickly, his blue eyes intent. He lowered his voice. “Coryn, the girls. The Compound.”
“I’ll go,” she whispered back quickly. “I’ll fly and warn them, and you tend Kamile. He won’t shoot a pregnant woman. Meet me back at – at the secret room in the mobi-home, alright?”
Aras nodded, and he slipped his hand into his pocket, quickly passing her something small and thin. “The light-wand. You’ll need it. Do you still have that efficiency gun?”
The illegal one she’d taken from Duke, that she’d originally thought was a stunner. “No, I dropped it – oh. You found it.” She took that weapon too as Aras handed it to her, quickly putting it and the light-wand into her pockets.
Just then Daniel approached with a small black case in one hand. He held it out at a distance. “Morison. You deal with it.”
Aras took the offered medi-pack, opening it with ease. Coryn stood to her feet, nodding at Daniel. “Thank you for your help,” she said formally. “I’m aware that you weren’t intending to give it, but you did anyway.”
“You won’t be thanking me once you stand trial for your crimes,” the enforcer said, his face twisted with anger. “You are a fool, Coryn! Why would you involve yourself in such stupid, dead, dangerous things as religion and alter-power? It’s nonsense and superstition, and it has no place in our world!”
Coryn paused. “I won’t argue that some of it is both dead and dangerous. But there are some things out there that are eternal, Daniel. Things that really matter enough to die for. I’ve seen glimpses of it, and I can’t wait to see more. Do you truly believe that all religion and alter-power are nonsense?”
“Any reasonable person knows that they are.”
“And what about what you just saw there, with Kamile being possessed?”
“Multiple personalities,” Daniel replied staunchly. 
“And can a person fly without anti-grav wings?” As Coryn spoke, she spread out her arms and thought of that flight vial, thought of being light as air.
“Of course not- what are you doing?”
“Going away for a bit,” she replied. She was now hovering in the air well above him, the short sleeves of her jersey clearly showing that she wore no wings.
 “You’re hiding the bands somewhere,” he shouted at her angrily. “Now stop that, come down, or I will shoot you!”
Coryn shrugged. “So shoot me. I’m dying anyway.” But he didn’t shoot, and she floated higher until she was about ten metres in the air, looking down at him, but she felt sad rather than triumphant. “I know you’ll explain this away, but there really is alter-power. There are other realms, both dangerous and wonderful, and I’ve seen them. I’ve seen real power, and I’ve met people – beings – that are far beyond anything we can imagine.” She smiled with unexpected joy at the thought, remembering that short, secret conversation with the Fire Lord, and perhaps even with Trennan. “I’ve met people who can cheat death. Don’t you want to see that?” 
“You’re mad,” Daniel shouted up at her. He gestured with the gun. “I’ll kill you. I will. I order you to come back!”
But Coryn just fixed her eyes on his, stretched her arms out in front of her, and thought of shooting stars. She shot away like a rocket, and didn’t hear a single shot fired.



“Chaos,” the enforcer muttered. He held his weapon in the ready position, but it was clear that he wasn’t going to fire it. He’d just let Coryn go. But then he swung the weapon towards Aras’s head. “She’s bloody mad! Pretending she’s dying so I won’t shoot her. But don’t you think I’ll just let you go too!”
“I won’t go,” Aras said simply. “I’ve been shot enough today. But I’ve got to take care of my wife.” There was a silence where he felt the oddness of that statement. But Kamile was a type of wife, wasn’t she? They hadn’t had much of a relationship even by Chosen standards, but they hadn’t yet finished out the year of handfasting. They might never.
“Your wife?” Daniel paused. “So you and Coryn really weren’t…?”
“I tried for a bit,” Aras admitted. “Before I got together with Kamile, and after I thought she’d died. After Coryn’s Trennan was killed. But she wasn’t interested.”
“Oh.” There was a long pause where Aras realised that a lot of the enforcer’s anger had probably been based on thwarted romance. “But Coryn will still stand trial, of course,” Daniel said, a bit of his usual pompous manner returning. “And this girl will too. Perhaps once the child is born. We’d hardly hold a child responsible for its mother’s actions, which include using some kind of sedative on an enforcer, and theft. You do realise that. And you also realise that although I’m helping you right now, I will still carry out my duties as a bureaucratic enforcer of the Secular Republic of Lile-”
“Kamile won’t live out the year,” Aras cut in, barely moving his eyes away from where he pressed the false-skin over the healing neck wound. “This might give her a little longer. Give the baby a chance. But she won’t live to stand trial.” 
Now Daniel looked both confused and angry. “Are you threatening the girl? That’s a violation of the Personal Liberties Act, and under section 23(b) you’re liable for up to ten years hard labour.”
Oh, who cared? “It’s the bite,” Aras countered, his voice sounding very normal in spite of the circumstances. “Here, on her arm. It’s from a black border snake, and there’s no antidote. So she’ll die no matter what. Maybe we’ll just give this child enough time to be born.”
The enforcer stood there over them, a scornful sneer twisting his face, and Aras had to turn away in anger. How could he be so cold? 
“Black border snake?”
“Small, extremely venomous variety of adder, found in only this part of the country,” Aras clipped out. “Causes numbness to extremities, then sudden heart failure weeks or months later.”
“I know what it is,” the enforcer snapped. “I’m hardly an infant. It’s that you think there’s no antidote that’s beyond me. Do you really believe the Secular Republic would allow any kind of creature to exist in its midst and not create a way to handle that creature? I’ve got the antivenom right there in that medi-pack. We do know that the border snake is a risk around here.”
Creatures existing in their midst. It was an interesting choice of words, but it was the other part that meant Aras turned to stare at him in shock. “Are you frarking kidding me?” he said finally. “There’s an antidote?”
“Well, I’ve only got enough for one,” Daniel snapped. “And you might not think highly of me, more fool you, but I’m hardly likely to let a pregnant woman die unnecessarily.”
Could he be right? Really? Aras was stunned. “Are you sure?”
“Yes! See that little black disc? It’s the dispenser. Put it against the bite, where her veins are largest.”
Aras did so, and Kamile twitched in his arms. Pain, perhaps; but it was a good sign. She was alive. Chaos, she was alive! Plus one…pregnancy seemed to be going around at the moment.
And then, very very slowly, he saw the blackness around the bite marks begin to recede. “Chaos,” he said again. “There’s an antidote. You got any more of those?” 
“Back at the station, of course,” the enforcer said neutrally. “Are you planning to be bitten?”
“No, but Coryn was hit with a venom-tipped dart this morning. We thought it was a death sentence, but you’re saying that it might not be.”
The enforcer’s jaw dropped, and he turned to stare at the empty patch of sky where Coryn had disappeared. “By Reason,” he said finally. “What kind of people have you been dealing with?!”
Aras looked down at that vivid red scar once more. Kamile was so small, so fragile, and yet the Chosen hadn’t held back from trying to kill her. It was a pure miracle they hadn’t succeeded. “The worst.”



Somewhere on the border

We’ve got the emblem. 
Shu’s mental message echoed through the ribbons of power tying her to the Other realm, faster even than gravity could pull the emblem into the ravine. But instead of going to Gerak who Shu had been working with, it went to Broxa. Broxa, who’d taken command of this and carrier, and who now sprung into action. 
It acted with the speed that this realm could afford it, sending its power in a physical form right to the edges of its prison on the Borderlands, and snatching the precious emblem before it could touch the ground, and before anyone else could hear about it. Before anyone else could step in and take the emblem, and take the glory. 
Yes. YESSSS! Finally! Finally it had it, finally it would be able to take that position that had so long been denied it.
Wary that the emblem could not truly enter the Other realm, Broxa carefully carried it on tides of power along the ravine that marked the Borderlands until it reached an underground cave that sat directly between the Other and the normal, not far from the city of Tsama. The cave was lit with faint orange light from the unnaturally liquid magma that puddled from the nearby volcano (yes, a real thing, and most entertaining at times) and half a dozen red-cloaked acolytes moved around, setting things into place with a strong sense of expectation and excitement. The Chosen might have lost a couple of their Elders, but there were always more where those came from. This cave and the Chosen acolytes belonged to the Tiger – in theory – but now only Broxa was here, along with a few Creatures that did its bidding.
“The Tiger will be most pleased,” one of them ventured to Broxa, watching the spirit’s blood come closer and closer until it hovered over the open Anima Chest. The three emblems were within inches of each other for the first time since the Rift.
“Yes,” Broxa agreed, orange eyes fixed with intense desire on the chest. “The Tiger will be pleased indeed.” Their leader had wanted to regain access to the normal realm ever since they’d lost it millennia before. But then didn’t they all? And really, the Tiger wasn’t any more deserving than the others of such an honour. It was just bigger and bossier, Broxa thought.
The smaller Creature paused. “Shall we notify it?”
Broxa didn’t look away from the Anima Chest. It stood as close as it could to that invisible barrier that marked the edge of the Other realm, as close as it could go without actually being forced back. The humans could never see the barrier, but the Creatures could sense it as clearly as a bird would see its cage, or a fish could feel the aquarium walls. Even now the more eager Creatures were pressed right up against the barrier, watching the Anima Chest with greedy interest. This far but not further, the barrier said. But not for much longer.
“Er…shall we notify the Tiger?” the smaller Creature repeated.
Broxa blinked. Its full attention had been fixed on the spirit’s blood where it slowly – too slowly – hovered over the last empty section of the Anima Chest. It realised in dismay that it would need human intervention to complete the chest. But the Chosen wouldn’t make a move without explicitly being told to by the Tiger, and of course Broxa had left Tomas Grey back at that swamp, thinking he was unneeded. “Of course,” it replied finally, thinking. “Of course you will want to notify the Tiger in person. What an honour for you.”
“For me?” The smaller Creature brightened in unexpected pleasure. It had, of course, thought that Broxa would want that honour. Everyone loved the bearer of good news.
“Yes, for you. Go now.”
The smaller Creature sped away, and Broxa knew it had only minutes before the Tiger arrived, and it lost its own chance for true freedom and true dominance. It knew that if it made this choice now then it could never return to the Other realm. It would have to give up the lands it had held for seven centuries, and let that scum Gerak take its place as second-in-charge of the organised Creatures.
Broxa shrugged mentally. There’d never been any question of what it would do, just that it needed to keep its plans very, very quiet: so quiet that even the Tiger didn’t see what was coming.
Broxa pressed its feathered hands up against the invisible barrier, opening its mind to hear all of its conduits, all of its carriers, anything with even a hint of Creature influence that could be manipulated. The Chosen all hummed with potential control, but all of it belonged to the Tiger. Broxa wouldn’t be able to touch them, not without a fight it wasn’t willing to give. There was a moment of desperation before it realised that one single Chosen acolyte on the human side of the barrier carried one single, open conduit. It was a bracelet, a decorative, useless thing that nonetheless gave one of the lower Creatures in the cave a small entry into the normal realm. Not the Tiger – another Creature. 
Broxa turned, spotting the Creature within moments – a small, thin, bird-like thing. A little like Broxa itself, if Broxa had been half the size and bulk. It grabbed the second Creature without even a word, shaking it until it squawked and until the conduit link spilled out onto the ground. Broxa grabbed it, taking hold of the small link and forcing its power over the human’s mind. Do my bidding, it ordered.
On the other side of the barrier, the human wearing the bracelet conduit snapped upright, eyes wide and blank. He walked over to the Anima Chest, ignoring the other humans who looked at him in surprise, and set his hand on the spirit’s blood.
Pop. He pushed the emblem into place with little fuss, but Broxa felt the power burst from that box. No, not power, opportunity; flooding the cave and rushing through the barrier between realms and creating a tear – a gateway out of the Other. For the first time, there was an exit. The other Creatures all skittered in fearful excitement at this sudden change in plans, one even stepping forward as if to go through, and Broxa grabbed it by the shoulder with one clawed hand, tossing it across the room.
The Tiger, someone whispered, and Broxa sensed the approach of the stronger Creature by the sound of the wind that accompanied it, sooner even than it had imagined. So it didn’t hold back, turning and charging for that gap in the barrier with everything it had.
It reached the barrier just as the Tiger entered the cavern and saw everything. The world went black as it passed through…and then burst into glorious colour.



The Chosen Compound

The sky was blue, the sun was pleasantly warm on the manmade green hills, and not far in the distance the water diverted from the old river sparkled in the bright light. On the grass amongst a group of almost fifty, Ladon of the Chosen stood along with all the other under-seventeens, idly waiting for the teacher to stop talking. 
He didn’t show his boredom: that was rude, and besides his mother would kick his behind for that sort of behaviour as soon as they were in private. But then his mother was his teacher. In theory the Chosen practiced communal parenting, but even though Regina tried hard to adhere to their teachings, she could never quite manage it with her only child.
Ladon frowned at that thought. Something tickled the back of his mind, something about a girl with fair hair like Regina’s, but he brushed it aside. It must have been a dream.
Up in front Regina was still talking animatedly. It was time for the ‘King of the Realm’, an annual game when the winner of the under-seventeens got to wear a crown for the new moon festivities, and there were all sorts of perks. The game changed every year as well, and this year Regina had gone all out, creating an enormous waterslide that led from where they stood on this hill all the way to the river two hundred metres away. Whoever could ride on the slide all the way to the river the most times without falling off the side would win. Easier said than done, since the ‘slide’ was simply made of plastic sheets laid end on end. They had no side barriers holding you on, and the first few kids to try the slide simply tumbled off the sides onto the wet grass.
The old riverbed ran down a shallow valley that turned into a deep gorge further up where their land met the Borderlands, near the volcano. The narrow valley carved by the river had once been lush and its water deep, but now except for the deep pool carefully built by the Chosen and walled off into a building, there was just a trickle of a stream where once a mighty river had raged. 
Ladon didn’t think about any of that. Instead his mind was fixed on winning the prize and the attention it would get him; he would be old enough to handfast in only twenty-two months, and there were several girls he had his eye on.
Next down the slide was a friend of his, Ilsa. Small, blonde and fun, but not on his ‘to handfast’ list, she shot down the long curving length of plastic, gaining speed as she went. As she reached the dip before the hill that would catapult her into the water she almost skidded off the side as so many others had, but caught herself at the last moment. 
“Go Ilsa!” Ladon shouted, then noticed that no one else was, so abruptly silenced himself.
His friend reached the end of the slide then shot into the air before landing with a splash into the deep water. Everybody cheered – she was the first one to complete the challenge. But as she surfaced inside the walled pool so did something else. A big black lumpish rock-like thing rose up in the water, blocking her from exiting. Behind her, at the back of the wall, was something large, dark, and ominous-looking…
Ladon could see the thing clearly from up here, but to Ilsa down in the water it must have looked different. He could see the confusion on her face even under her wet-slick hair, and she patted the black thing in amused bafflement. She was probably wondering if it was part of the challenge, but he had an increasingly bad feeling about it. It looked Fey, but it shouldn’t be out here…
“The border’s moved,” he said aloud. It shouldn’t be so close. Things shouldn’t change here. Not so suddenly.
“Maybe it’s just part of the game,” a girl standing next to him suggested.
Yeah. He sure hoped so, but he wasn’t convinced. Near the water, Regina was watching the black rock-thing with stunned confusion.
As Ilsa patted at the black lump it rose up even further out of the water, arching up and flattening into a sort of rounded shell. She stared at it open-mouthed, and then like a flash the shell closed over her. There was once again just a black rock-thing in the water, but they all knew it wasn’t a rock.
Ilsa was gone.
13.     Worthy of Fear

In a place quite far away from the Compound and any sinister underground happenings, two time travellers sat in what looked like a giant metal birdhouse, trying to work out how to return to where they’d come from.
George tapped again at the metal wall where they’d come in, consumed with intense concentration. “’Tis the oddest thing, as though there never was a gateway here at all. I don’t know what to make of it.”
Ashlea shot her head around to stare at him from where she sat on the edge of the house-box-thing, overlooking the unfamiliar valley. “What did you say?”
“It’s the oddest-”
“You said ’tis,” she interrupted. “Like Anne would.”
“Does it matter? We can’t get back! We left your friends in a fire-fight, and we’re stuck here.” ‘Here’ being one of the oddest places George had ever seen. They were in a large, metal room rather like the inside of a giant cake tin, or a hollowed out mobile home (except with rather more class than the latter). One side of the room was half-open to the valley that lay before them. 
Now this valley had trees and greenery and seemed to be built around a nice, low set of rolling brown hills…but by Jove, there was something not quite right about the whole place.
“I know,” Ashlea agreed, but she kept staring at the scene before her. “Not that they were my friends, exactly, but I do care whether they live or die. Hey look, is that a river? Do you want to go check it out?”
George threw his hands in the air. “Your friends, Ashlea!”
“The gate is closed!” she snapped back, although without heat. “We can’t go through! And even if we could, we’d probably just get shot to pieces. Or you would, because I’ve got the medallion.”
Yes, and she had the bullet holes in the back of her clothing to show for it. He was noticeably unmarked. “Do not think I’ve forgotten about the way you blocked me from being shot,” he said grimly. “And I do realise the danger, but at the same time I cannot simply give up!”
“Well,” Ashlea said finally. “I think there’s been a series of weird coincidences, and I don’t believe in such things. I think we were led here, in as much as we were led through that changing gateway. So if we were led here, and if Amaranthus had something to do with it, and I bet he did, then Aras and Coryn will be OK too. I have to believe that.”
Well that was…probably correct, George acknowledged. When had she grown so wise? He let out a heavy sigh, and finally walked away from the clearly closed remnant gateway. He swung his legs over the low wall to sit next to his wife, cringing at little at the height. This metal box they were in was suspended several metres above the brown grass on a very narrow pole – rather like a giant letterbox from the twenty-first century. Although it was more of a room, really, and he thought that if it was filled with furniture one might spend some lazy afternoons here. “Well, I’m quite certain it’s not the Other,” he said. “And I rather think that I sense alter-power. What about you?”
Just then a pine tree sailed across in front of them, dirtless roots dangling down but still well above the ground. They watched in wide-eyed silence as it disappeared from sight, looking for all the world like a commuter on its way to work.
“Yup,” Ashlea said finally. “I’m going to say there’s some alter-power here. Ten pounds says there’s an entrance to the Mountain of Glass somewhere.”
That was a fool’s bet, but George took it anyway. Either way he’d win.



The Chosen Compound

The game had stopped, but that wasn’t surprising when a girl had been swallowed by a suddenly-appearing black lump thing. A group of the older students clustered in the water around the black thing that had eaten Ilsa, trying to work out what it was and how to open it, while Regina wrung her hands helplessly, talking urgently to someone that Ladon couldn’t see. 
Ladon was also down in the water trying to help his friend. He swam around the object, searching for some kind of entrance or seam that could show where Ilsa had been taken. It was dark grey/black and its surface was smooth and lightly pebbled, a bit like the skin of that python that used to live in the women’s quarters. The whole thing was about the size of an air vehicle, lacked any distinctive shape, and had no discernible base either. The previously clear water around it had turned murky, and he couldn’t see where it ended, instead feeling his way down carefully. Was that a seam of some kind? It reminded him of a giant clam, or maybe a vast hand clenched in a fist…
“Try fire,” someone suggested.
“Wait,” Regina said. Her usually serene face was drawn into worried lines, but Ladon knew her well enough to see that she was trying to calm herself. “This is clearly of Fey origin, so we must not cause harm to it without Fey consent.”
“Even when someone of great value has been stolen?” The new voice belonged to an unfamiliar blonde girl standing at the edge of the pool. She had a blood stain smeared down one shoulder, and held up a little silver stick with a glowing end. Tall, slim; really rather pretty, except that she reminded Ladon uncomfortably of his mother.
“Of course Ilsa has value,” Regina said irritably. “But it’s hardly the place of an outsider to override the Fey’s authority.”
The girl’s face tightened. “I’m not an outsider. I grew up here.”
“Well, I’ve never seen you before,” Regina retorted.
Ladon hadn’t either. He knew most emphatically that he did not know this girl. But even so, something nagged at the edge of his memory. “Who are you, then? And what do you think this is?”
His mother scolded him, but the girl looked very sad for a moment. “It doesn’t matter who I am. What’s more important is the danger you’re all in. The Other is about to burst open, and you do not want to be near when it happens.”
Everyone except the girl exchanged glances. “That’s quite enough,” Regina began to say, but the girl cut in.
“The government has also found out about the Compound’s anti-Sec activities,” she said wearily. “I’ve just escaped from an enforcer who informed me there are armed soldiers on their way within the hour, and that was twenty minutes ago. I mean, it’s your lives, but whatever.”
Someone swore on the other side of the black lump thing, but most people just looked baffled. 
“But what about Ilsa?” Ladon asked. “And the king of the realm?”
The blonde girl’s lips moved in what looked like for goodness sake, then replied, “I think the king of the realm is about to become a non-issue.” She raised the other hand, and in it was some kind of small weapon. A stunner, maybe? “You’ve got three seconds to back away from that thing. One…two…”
By the time she reached three the surrounding students had backed away hastily, and Regina was calling down threats on the girl’s head. But she fired anyway, a single long stream of light into the black lump’s surface. There was a moment of nervous expectancy where it seemed nothing was going to happen, but then the lump’s surface hissed and bubbled, and the water around it began to ripple. The blonde girl kept shooting, and suddenly the whole thing popped open, twisting and moving in the water. Ilsa went flying out towards the grass, soggy and with a stunned expression on her pale face. The now damaged-looking black thing moved and roiled in the water, sinking down until it disappeared from sight.
Everyone had cleared out of the pool by now, and one of the girls was helping Ilsa get up. She looked a bit battered, but otherwise not too bad.
“Is that all, then?” one of Ladon’s friends asked.
“No,” the girl said. She was white as chalk, and she still held the now-inactive weapon and the silver stick up in the air. “It’s about to get a lot worse.”
Ladon wandered over to stand next to her, studying her curiously. She really was rather pretty. Maybe he’d add her to his ‘to-handfast’ list? Yes, she was a bit older than him, but not that much. He prepared one of his most charming smiles, but then he stepped inside the circle of light provided by the silver stick, and suddenly the whole world looked different. A ton of memories came flooding in…
Argh. Argh! Suddenly his most recent thoughts seemed so, so impossibly dreadful that he almost retched. “By the Fire Lord,” he blurted out. “You’re my sister!”



“Of course I’m your sister!” Coryn shouted, overwhelmed by relief at him recognising her, but also frustrated that no one had left in spite of her warnings. “And apparently you still don’t know when to listen, because you’re still standing right there even though I told you to run for it!”
But her annoying little brother – not so little anymore, as he’d shot up in that way some teenage boys did – actually stepped closer. “But why did I forget you? Why did Regina forget you? Where did you go? Why did you come back? What’s that silver thing? And why should we be running?”
Seriously? The light-wand was showing that something very nasty was still lurking under that water, and Ladon wanted to ask questions? But Coryn turned and gave him a sudden hug and kiss on the cheek anyway, thinking of the one thing that might actually get the stubborn Chosen moving. “I promise I’ll tell you everything if we get out of this alive. For now, I’ll just say that the Fire Lord is still alive, and I almost died because of it.” She’d have to apologise to the Eternal One for slander if she ever met him, but in the meantime it was worth it.
“Alive?” someone repeated from nearby. It was Regina. “That can’t be true. The Fire Lord was destroyed aeons ago. The Fey told us so.”
Coryn looked at her mother, looked at the face of the one who’d raised her and then forgotten her in one terrible moment. But it hadn’t been Regina’s fault, had it? The light-wand revealed the truth – Regina’s eyes were covered with a grey film – a selective blindness. It most certainly is, Coryn went to say, but then the pool exploded.
Water sprayed everywhere as a huge black thing emerged from the depths, lit red from an unseen light source below. A vast crack had appeared in the bottom of the pool, the water quickly draining out, and this thing was emerging like an octopus coming out of a too-small hole in a rock pool. And octopus was a good description, she thought numbly. Long tentacles – more snake-like than sucker-like – and each bigger in circumference than her body, big enough that even she hadn’t known what she was looking at when she’d seen just a small portion in the water, wrapped around that poor girl. With the aid of the light-wand she could see the veins of purple alter-power within that black form, could see the red light coming from the crack below; could see the way the grass burned when each tentacle worked its way out. 
But now it seemed everyone else could see it too, because the Chosen had finally taken heed of her warning, fleeing in every direction and screaming about the Fire Lord, the Fire Lord! All except for Regina, who was frozen in fear where she stood at the side of the former pool, its red light making her pale face appear covered in blood. And then the actual Creature emerged from that fiery pit…
“RUN!” Coryn shouted, grabbing Ladon by the arm and half-dragging him away from the pool’s edge. They made it as far as the nearest buildings on top of the green hill where the slide still incongruously ran down into what now looked like a pit into Hades, they saw once they looked back. The pool’s walls had crumbled and the shallow old river bed had split, opening like a massive portal into another, hellish dimension. Even from here she could see the immense depth of that pit. The depths faded off into darkness, lit with the orange glow of burning embers, and a colossal black octopus-dragon-snake thing was forcing its way out – out into the normal realm. It blinked dozens of narrow, catlike orange eyes in malignant intelligence, taking in the brightness of the afternoon. An octosnagon, Coryn thought in a moment of offbeat shock/horror.
“I knew the borders had moved,” Ladon breathed in horror. “But that shouldn’t be able to come outside. It can’t!”
“It can now,” Coryn said grimly, raising her weapon. She wouldn’t be able to kill this immortal Creature, but hopefully she’d be able to slow it down while the others got away. Her memories of the Chosen’s treachery didn’t seem to matter anymore. Yes, some of them had been evil, but these were children, were her family. She’d do what she could. After all, her time was limited. “I’ll get its attention. You go get Regina.”
Meanwhile their mother appeared to be suicidal, or at least shocked into acting that way. She stood small and defenceless against that black and orange glow. “What are you doing here?” Coryn could just hear Regina ask over the roar from the pit. 
It seemed an odd question, but the octosnagon answered from a previously unseen mouth hidden at the base of its huge, dome-shaped body. Its voice was immense: deep and yet broken as if it came from a dozen mouths. “Why, you let me in, Regina dearest. The winner of the game becomes the king of the realm, and have I not won the game?”
Indeed, the Creature was the last to be in the pool. Everyone else had abandoned the game. 
Ahh, but Coryn recognised that voice. It might be coming from a different mouth, but only Brosca spoke that way, and only those eyes showed any similarity to the Fey Coryn had known. It seemed Brosca really hadn’t been showing her true self in their regular meetings.
“But…you didn’t go down the slide,” Regina answered faintly. She was still clutching the game cards like a lifeline.
“How remiss of me,” it responded, and then one of the long, serpentine limbs flew out of the pit to land with a thud against the top of the slide, barely missing a couple of students. It scraped all the way back down the series of hills, dragging the plastic sheets in every direction and finally falling back inside the pit. Everywhere it had touched the grass burned and withered, and even from here Coryn could sense the change. It was extending the Other, bringing power and death with every movement. “There. Will that do?”
Regina had finally seemed to gain her wits. The cards fell from her limp hand to flutter into the pit, and she took a few steps backwards, then turned to run. But even as she did, one of the long limbs shot out and grabbed her around the waist, pulling her into the darkness with a scream.
Ladon was stunned into silence, but next to him Coryn screamed. “Mother!” She flew like a rocket towards the Creature, her hover-run method having evolved by fear into something more efficient, shooting the weapon the whole way. She struck it, she knew she had, but it barely flinched where the beams hit its leathery hide.
Those orange eyes moved to focus on her, and the cavernous, fine-toothed mouth curved into a reptilian smile. “Coryn. There you are.”



Near the volcano, Borderlands

A plume of flame lit up the distant sky, and red light reflected off the low clouds. There was a sound like thunder, or almost like a voice – but no one’s voice was that big. No one natural, anyway.
Aras made a decision, and bent to pick up Kamile. “We have to go,” he told the enforcer. “We’re all in danger.”
But Daniel was staring at the red-lit sky in shock. “I wouldn’t have thought the raid would start so soon. It’s hasn’t even been forty-five minutes.”
“It’s not a raid! It’s a-” Argh, was there even any point trying to reason with someone whose mind was so firmly closed? The enforcer would probably meet a Creature in person and think it was a man in a funny suit. Aras knew Daniel had decided what to believe, and so that was how he would see the world. “Look, we need to go! Even you. And if there is a raid on its way – bring heavy artillery.”
Daniel glanced at him. “You think your Chosen will be so violent?”
“In theory they practice non-violence,” Aras replied grimly. “But that’s not the Chosen.”
Kamile stirred in his arms. “Don’t worry,” she slurred. It was the first thing he’d heard her say in over six months, since that afternoon in his rooms.
The two men exchanged a glance that said clearly what they thought of that. She was delirious.
Daniel finally jerked his chin. “To the vehicle, then. But if you’re lying to me in any way, I’ll come down on you with the full force of the law.”
“I wouldn’t expect anything less.”



The Chosen Compound

The Creature fixed its gaze on Coryn, and a bare second later another of those long tentacles came flying towards her, too fast to even use her weapon. She tried to dodge it but then another flew at her from the other side, knocking her out of the air and curling around her. She’d been wrong before, she realised. They weren’t smooth. They were covered in finger-sized barbs that caught at her clothing and her skin, leaving black smears of a tar-like substance where they touched her, and they meant she was caught as securely as a fly in a trap. 
Her weapon went flying, and the tentacle dragged her quick as a whip back towards that huge body. It was as big as a small building, and there were dozens and dozens of tentacles to match those dozens of eyes. It was a strange moment, because she knew she was terrified and she couldn’t move, but it was as though this was all happening to someone else. The Creature brought her right up in front of that colossal face. It was laughing, and the sound was terrible.
“Surprise,” it said. “And here you thought the emblem had been hidden from me by those new friends of yours, when they were working for me the whole time. You made it too easy, dear Coryn.”
It was the obvious answer, but the thought of being betrayed by Ash, who Coryn had known less than a day, still made her heart sink. Yet there was the faint sense that the Creature was lying… “Is this what you’ve always been, Brosca?” Coryn asked, and she was so afraid that her voice was barely a whisper. Her arms were almost crushed in place by the tight tentacle around her, and she could feel the light-wand held in her clenched fist. “How did you hide yourself?”
The tentacle that held her slouched, and the Creature studied her with casual delight, rather like a small boy settling down to play with a much-anticipated toy. “This is not my true form, just as Brosca is not my true name. It’s merely the form I have chosen to begin my glorious rule here in your realm. Is it not marvellous? Is it not worthy of fear?”
Coryn gulped, and she knew the Creature saw it. Oh, yes, this form was worthy of fear. Her hand tightened on the light-wand and she desperately wished she had some powerful weapon, or that some white knight would gallop in and save her. It would be a pure miracle.
It leaned in, and that hideous face was mere feet from her own. “And your antics delayed me by mere months, girl, but I have not forgotten the betrayal. I shall show you my revenge on that poor creature you call Reg-ARGGGHH!”
Suddenly Coryn found herself falling back on the blackened ground. The tentacle that had bound her was severed, flaming bright white and yellow from the cut surface. Something dark and wet spattered out as the Creature thrashed and pulled the stump of its tentacle back towards its body, moaning in pain.
Pain, from a Creature?
She looked down in shock to where she still clutched the light-wand. It was still small and just about the right size for her hand, but now its light had changed. It shot up from the tip of the wand, narrow and intensely white and with a sharp, pointed tip.
It looked like a sword – a sword made of light.
Be your own white knight, Coryn. 
The thought sounded like the Fire Lord, like the Eternal One. Had he been watching her this whole time? Stunned, Coryn looked at Brosca – or whoever this was – and the Creature looked back. There was a moment of absolute shock from both of them, and she realised something very clearly. The Creature had not expected injury. It had not, and now it was wary of her.
Well, well, well. She still felt small and weak, but no longer entirely helpless. It had her mother somewhere down in that dark pit. She stood, holding the light-sword before her and stepping towards the Creature. “Give Regina back.”
The Creature’s eyes narrowed, and suddenly another tentacle was whipping around to knock her off her feet. But she shot straight upwards out of its reach, then turned and swung the light-sword in a blind arc. She had more luck than technique, perhaps, because she struck in just the right place, and another tentacle went flying. The Creature howled, and suddenly there were tentacles everywhere, thrashing and destroying the landscape and occasionally striking her where she darted about in the air, swinging the light-sword wildly and with a desperate grip. She had panic and anger spurring her, and at one point she might have even closed her eyes, but whatever pain struck her wasn’t enough to make her stop. Someone was screaming through the whole thing, a high pitched furious noise in the background, and she swung and swung at every flashing black movement-
“Coryn!”
But she kept swinging until it became clear there was nothing else to hit, and that the screaming had in fact been her. She lowered the light-sword, looking about in baffled fury.
Ladon stood there on the ground beneath her, eyes wide with fear and wonder. A couple of the other Chosen watched from a distance; but otherwise everyone had fled. There was a whine in the distance that spoke of aerial attack, and in that moment she recalled that the government was sending enforcers even now. As if the day wasn’t bad enough already.
“It ran away,” her brother said, pointing at the now empty black chasm. Red light still flickered faintly from the hole, but it seemed to have come largely from the Creature. “It took Regina.”
Chaos. Coryn looked at that deep, dark pit and pushed back the rush of fear. She would not lose another person to that monster.



Broxa rushed down the chasm back towards the volcanic chamber, seeking safety and a place to recharge. The distance seemed so, so far, and it was unable to speed itself unnaturally fast in that way it always had in the Other. Its whole world had shrunk to one of pain and panic. 
Pain because the girl had wounded it, had cut off four of its precious limbs, and panic for the same reason. This body was supposed to be invulnerable! It hadn’t experienced pain since the Rift between the realms where it had claimed its independence, and had found what it felt like to be separated from the source of its life. 
But even that pain hadn’t been like this. It was sharp and throbbing and stabbed like daggers each time the cut tentacles brushed against anything. Only four of two dozen limbs were gone, why should they hurt so much? Was this what those pathetic mortals usually experienced? 
Broxa tried and tried to heal the wound, or to retake its usual feathered humanoid form or even that of the little elf-lady it would impersonate to the humans, but nothing changed. The pain barely receded, and it couldn’t even draw on its usual streams of power. The pain was so consuming that it felt blocked: blind and deaf and strangely crippled even beyond those wounded limbs.
Broxa finally reached the cavern still filled with both Creatures and humans, both groups who’d been stunned when it had stepped in and taken control of the Anima Chest instead of giving it to the Tiger. The humans might not know where the line between realms was marked, but Creatures did. The humans were milling in upset confusion on their side of the chamber – and perhaps there were a few less of them than Broxa recalled, not that it cared – but the Creatures were lined up right along the barrier, watching. Behind them was a taller figure, surrounded by an unnatural darkness that showed its foul mood. The Tiger wore its humanoid form with its faintly striped skin and savagely ornate leather clothing, and its bicoloured eyes were fixed on Broxa with a gaze that went beyond fury, and beyond hatred. It didn’t speak.
Broxa stopped itself abruptly well before it reached the barrier, realising how bad this looked. So it had played a rather clever trick on its leader – one the Tiger really should have seen coming, but hadn’t – and Broxa had now taken itself away from the Other, away from any chance of real retribution. The Anima Chest could only be used once, and Broxa had taken that use to create this lovely physical form inspired by both octopi and the small black serpents that lived in these areas. It had risked everything for this body, and now it looked like it had run back like a scared rabbit, missing a few vital pieces.
Broxa drew itself proudly up to its full height, letting them all see the marvellous new form it had created. It didn’t give a reason for its return. It was none of their business, anyway. It answered to nobody, not anymore.
The acolytes and the Creatures turned to stare at something in Broxa’s tentacles, and it looked down in surprise to see that it had dragged along that pitiful, naïve mixed-blood – the girl’s parent. It hadn’t even realised it still held her. Regina was trembling and white-faced inside the tentacle’s grasp; she, at least, understood the seriousness of the situation.
Broxa thought about dashing the woman against the cavern wall, but decided against it. If only it had been thinking more clearly then it would have used her as a hostage, but instead it had fled.
Oh, the shame!
But the shame made it angrier, made it focus. And it was by focusing that it realised another problem. It couldn’t hear anything. Oh, it could hear through its ears, and they were of course excellent – only the best for this form – but those myriad whispers, voices, and sounds it usually heard through the thousands of lines of power it held…they were silent. It could feel its power was out there, but there was something keeping it from accessing it, as though by taking this new, realm-crossing form it had lost the ability to use its power in the Other realm too.
Then Broxa had a truly awful thought. World-rendingly awful. 
Was this form mortal? 
It huffed out a heavy breath from previously unused lungs, throwing the woman roughly towards a group of fascinated acolytes. It couldn’t hear their thoughts at all; it was blind and deaf in this form, and so it read their faces and their postures. They weren’t sure what to think, or who to follow. Some of them were casting nervous glances over towards the Other side of the chamber, where the Tiger still watched under a cloud of darkness. There were a couple of suspicious red bundles over there now, Broxa saw. Someone was paying for their failure – no doubt the one who’d worn the bracelet conduit.
It didn’t care. “Hold her,” it said casually. 
The red-cloaked humans took the woman by the arms, still watching Broxa. She didn’t even try to fight. “But what will you do-” one of them started to say.
Broxa turned on the acolyte, slapping him with one of those tentacles. He went flying across the chamber, across the barrier, to where the Creatures all stood silently. They turned to look at him, and Broxa knew the human’s time would be limited with this sign of displeasure. It didn’t care. 
“The girl follows,” one of the other acolytes said, clearly wary of its reaction. 
“Of course she does,” Broxa replied, as though it had known the whole time. “Our enemy has given her flight, much good will it do her.” 
It hadn’t expected the old enemy to get involved. Perhaps it should have. But like he so often did, the enemy chose to work through weak humans rather than direct intervention. And that meant that even though this hadn’t gone as Broxa had planned, it could still be turned around. 
Broxa wasn’t stupid. It was very, very old, and it had gained its power from many, many years of manipulation and brute force. This would be a brief battle, it decided, but it would win, and win most dramatically. It could simply have some of the humans shoot and kill her, but after that demeaning run-in up above, it had to do this by itself. 
Conduit. The girl still wore the ring, and Broxa still held the link to that ring – in theory having access to the girl’s mind too. The question would be whether it could use that link now when it was most needed.



“Give her back, give her back, give her back,” Coryn chanted over and over again as she shot into the darkness of the massive pit that had opened over the old river gorge. Far, far beneath her she saw the faint embers that marked where the Creature had gone. Where it had taken her mother. 
Embers, and it had moved in fire. Perhaps there was a Fire Lord after all, a malignant one unlike the Eternal One/Amaranthus. Chaos, she didn’t even know who or what the octosnagon truly was. Shu had said that Brosca was merely a name used by another Creature, but Shu had shown herself to be a liar, hadn’t she? But now Coryn only had herself and her light-sword to rely on, flying down into what turned out to be a winding underground passage, big enough to accommodate the octosnagon form.
Now either she would become a legend, or she was the stupidest person to ever exist. She was about to find out.
Orange light lit the tunnel ahead as it curved out of sight, and Coryn slowed, holding her light-sword tightly as if it was the only thing between her and sudden death. But then it was, wasn’t it?
As she approached the corner the darkness seemed to recede. There was a moment of greyness, and then she came out into an open space, a cavern. She caught a glimpse of dozens of figures watching her, then the space around her shimmered and changed.
She was now alone in a quiet, dark field, facing a single, small female figure. Just like all those times she’d crossed the border in search of her mentor. “Brosca.”



Somewhere trees fly like birds

“By Jove, you were right about the River,” George commented, sounding surprised. “So you win that bet. But I’d bet you ten pounds that there’s a source around here. Perhaps we might even find a way into the Mountain of Glass!”
Ash tried not to be too smug but failed. George was admitting she’d been right – and had placed another bet that she was darn well going to collect on. They both stood at the edge of the shimmering river that ran down the brown valley’s centre, having left the metal birdhouse behind in search of a clue to their location. There were buildings scattered around the valley, and people moved about in the distance, but no one paid her and George any attention even though they’d flown down here. Flight was clearly nothing out of the ordinary, if even the trees could do it.
In the distance, on the other side of the river, the sky was dark as though a storm was rolling in, or as though they could see around the curve of the earth to where the sun didn’t shine. There were also odd stone gateways standing upright here and there, as though there had once been a home attached but the house had fallen and left only the doorposts and lintels. A few people milled around outside the gateways, but Ash thought she could see darkness through them, and it raised the hairs on the back of her neck. As she thought that, someone stepped out of one of those dark stone gateways, studying what looked to be a book. Their head was glowing like a lightbulb, and another person walked into the gateway to take their place. 
“Did you see that?” she asked George, but he wasn’t paying attention. Instead he was staring at something on their side of the river. Under the shade of a lush green tree, one of the few still fixed in the ground, was what looked like an old food caravan from Ash’s time. It was open-sided, and had a wide sunshade hiding its interior.
“By Jove, I hope they take Anglish pounds,” he commented, pulling on her arm. “I feel as though I haven’t eaten in an age.”
Ash turned away from the creepy stone gateways, following where he pulled her towards the caravan. “Same here,” she agreed. “Although Coryn has actually fed me a couple of times.” (And please Deias, let Coryn be alright!) “Must be all the flying making me hungry.” George shot her a look, and she scowled. “It’s not the imaginary baby, OK? You need to drop that idea.”
“Yes, dear.”
A less convincing answer she’d hardly heard, but she accepted it. They reached the caravan, and now she could smell the most wonderful scent of food cooking. It smelled savoury and fatty and probably unhealthy, but reminded her wonderfully of home. “I say, are those hot dogs?”
“I say,” George teased. “I’m not the only one picking up other terms. But I thought they smelled more like salop.”
“What?”
“You know, salop. We tried it the other week just outside Faulkeshall Gardens. The hot drink with spices and sugar?”
Now Ash remembered it, but she hadn’t really liked it, and neither did she recognise the smell at all. She just smelled hotdogs. “If you say so,” she replied dubiously.
He’d already turned to the vendor, half hidden in the shade of the caravan. “Good day, sir. I wonder if you accept Anglish pounds?” He’d asked the question in Anglish, but it wasn’t as if they had any indication of what language they spoke here.
“The food is free,” a kindly male voice replied, therefore showing that the vendor did speak Anglish.
George paused, looking baffled. “Free? Whatever for?”
“So that people might eat, of course. Even when they have nothing to give.”
George still looked baffled, but that wonderfully vague answer had Ash’s spirits rising. She stepped into the shade of the caravan, squinting at the figure behind the counter, and as her eyes adjusted she recognised them. “Amaranthus!”
14.     The Source of the Fire

Somewhere just near the Borderlands 

Coryn stood on the wide plain of the Other, the figure of her old mentor still clearly visible in spite of the darkness. But then Brosca had always had a slight, otherworldly glow about her. 
“Coryn, formerly of the Chosen,” the Creature said, and it was a low, rough hum, with that resonance specific to the inhabitants of the Other. But even though Brosca had returned to that small feminine form, her voice was still the huge, deep one of the octosnagon. “What did you think to gain by following me here?”
Coryn lifted her chin, clutching tightly to the light-sword. But it seemed to have reverted to a light-wand once more, and its glow was pale here in the Other. “My mother for starters.”
“You mean that weak creature who can’t even remember your name? That mother?” Brosca – or whoever it was – smiled, showing a hint of fang. “And so knowing that your own days are numbered, you’ve decided to throw them away on one last dramatic standoff. How sweet, and how predictable.” The Fey/Creature swept an outstretched hand to take in the empty landscape. “You are welcome to take Regina. If you can find her…and if you can get through me.”
Just then, like stars appearing at dusk, glowing lights appeared all around the scene behind Brosca. Eyes. They weren’t alone at all, and Coryn felt her blood run cold. Had she overstepped coming here alone? She had to be mad…but it was true, she was dying, and she would risk her life for the sake of her mother. And so with a brief, desperate mental prayer to the Eternal One or Deias or Amaranthus or the Fire Lord or whatever that being called himself, she begged for aid. Please help me defeat my enemy. Help me save my mother.
She held the light-wand in front of her, its faint luminescence seeming poor and weak in the vast space of the Other, and it took everything for her not to give up right then and there, to turn and flee from what had to be dozens of Fey/Creatures. She took a step forward. “I wounded you before. You fled from me.”
Brosca cocked her head to the side, her orange eyes glittering in the darkness. Then suddenly she grew taller and taller until she was twice her original height, three times, until she was vast and looming over the landscape, and her face and build began to change. Her nose and mouth formed a harsh curving beak, her eyes rounded like that of a predatory bird, and grey feathers bloomed all over her skin under what looked like bone armour. Its skin, since there was no way that this thing was female. It looked neither male nor female, more like a bird had tried to take human form and had failed halfway, leaving sloping shoulders and feathered arms tipped with clawed fingers, but not a hint of true wings. 
The enormous Creature laughed down at Coryn like she was nothing. “Did you wound me, girl? And did I flee? It seems more like you’ve been led here, like a mouse chasing a cat.” And yet even then, the Creature took a step back.
Emboldened, Coryn took a step forward. “Some cat. Who are you, anyway? And why did you kill Trennan when you didn’t yet have the emblem’s location?”
“Bad timing,” the Creature hissed, taking yet another step back. “Back then I did not have access to your ring. It was not I who heard that information, but another, and it was passed onto me too late. But it hardly matters now, does it? I have the emblem, and I’ve used it in the manner it was intended. You and yours are nothing to me any longer.”
But it was still backing away, and so Coryn followed, gaining in confidence. Surely if she had cause to fear it wouldn’t flee from her? It must truly fear the light-wand, although now its light was barely visible. “And what of Kamile? Why have the border snake bite her when you were planning to kill her anyway? Surely the blood would be poisoned! It might not harm you, but it surely would those human blood-drinkers.”
“Border snake?”
“Don’t pretend you don’t know,” Coryn began, then stopped. “You don’t know? Wasn’t it you who did that?” 
The Creature shrugged, grinning. It was an odd expression under that big sharp beak. “Accidents happen, sweet Coryn, and you’d do better to look towards the humans for that particular one. While I do admire snakes, I don’t literally send them to destroy people I could find useful. And I’m hardly responsible for all the trouble befalling your friends.”
“But you sent me a snake! Every night, you sent it to me in nightmares and then told me it was my fault for not controlling my mind better! Why?”
One more step back. “It’s an odd thing, the mind. I felt your fear of snakes, right from the very first time I saw you as a child. And so to control your mind I fed on your fear, over and over and over. Every time I came to you in that guise, in a dream, I was fixing myself deeper in your mind and your life.” It shrugged casually, not quite outweighing the fact it was still clearly retreating before the light-wand. (But where to, Coryn wondered?) “Don’t think it makes you special, dear. I’ve done it thousands of times, and will do thousands more. Humans seldom realise how easily their minds can be gateways for Otherworldly control.”
Coryn went to take another step forward, hot with fury, but a thought occurred. Why was Brosca fleeing? She – it – hadn’t even tried to force a confrontation. Another thought quickly followed that one: look down.
She did so, a quick glance that showed nothing except her feet on the dark, dry earth of the Other…and the ring she still wore on her free hand.
The ring. Chaos. She’d put it back on after her conversation with Aras under the disc’s shelter, even knowing that it was a conduit, for it had felt in that moment that it didn’t matter. But now that seemed like a mistake. Without lowering the light-wand, she worked the ring off her finger and dropped it.
Plop.
Suddenly a veil was taken from Coryn’s eyes and she saw that the ring had fallen into the orange-black surface not a foot in front of her, letting out a brief puff of flame where it hit. She lurched back, sucking in a sharp breath of shock. Just then she realised she also wasn’t in the Other talking to the bird-thing that had called itself Brosca. Instead she was in an underground cavern lit by the intense orange glow of an unnatural lava-flow right before her, so close that she’d almost walked into it. In fact, one foot was half over the drop. That was the warmth she’d felt, not anger. It was an unnatural flow because in truth lava was so solid you couldn’t fall into it, although you’d certainly catch fire if you went near it. But she wasn’t burning, and she still held the light-wand in its powerful sword form. 
And in front of Coryn was the octosnagon, as she’d been thinking of that huge, horrible form. It was just as huge and just as horrible, but like in the illusion, it wasn’t alone. The chamber was full of others. Humans in red cloaks, Creatures of all sorts – she would have called them Fey once, and many of them looked as she remembered, but a twisted version. Ugly, unclean, decayed. 
And there, in the corner and looking rather worse for wear, was Regina. One of the Chosen held a knife almost casually to her throat, and she watched the scene with fear-filled eyes.
Illusion. It had all been illusion – but the reality was far worse.
 “You’ll drop the light-sword,” the octosnagon/Brosca said. “Or you’ll watch your mother die just as you watched your lover and your friend.”
They’d do it, too. Coryn knew that from bitter experience. Perhaps she could hack the octosnagon into pieces with her light-sword (since yes, without the ring’s illusion she now saw that was what remained) but they’d kill her mother before she reached her. Hades, all they needed was a gun and they’d kill her. 
But when she replied, her voice was steady. “You’ll kill her anyway, and me too.”
Brosca shrugged. “Or perhaps we might let her live. She has been most loyal to the cause. But if you do not drop that light-sword, we’ll cut her throat, and you’ll know it was purely your own choice that brought it about. Three. Two-”
“Wait!” Coryn cried out. She knew that they’d kill them both eventually, but Brosca had been right. She also knew they’d kill Regina at once if she didn’t comply. Damned if she did, damned if she didn’t. “I’ll do it.”
She lowered the light-sword to her side, loosening her grip as if she’d drop it in the lava. The whole chamber seemed to freeze, waiting with bated breath for her to drop it, and every movement seemed to be in slow motion.
Wait, it was in slow motion, and the chamber was frozen. Everyone except her, from the octosnagon with its smile caught mid-grin, to the Chosen blood-drinkers with their red cloaks and eager expressions, to the smallest of the Creatures on the other side of the chamber.
Only one person moved. A man had entered the chamber from the Creature’s side, unseen by anyone. He was small and plain in appearance, yet moved with grace and the kind of nonchalance that showed he had absolutely no fear. At first glance he looked like a little old man, but then Coryn realised she’d been mistaken and he was actually taller and younger – but no, that was wrong too, and he was as strongly built as Aras…
As she watched, the changing man moved past the Creatures and the acolytes holding Regina, barely pausing except to tap Regina on the head as he did so – leaving behind a faint gold mark like a smeared thumbprint. He walked up to the octosnagon, waving one hand over its long, blackened limbs. It seemed to light up from within as he did so; rather like a natural lava flow where the red-hot rock could be seen from beneath its hardening surface. But that brightness brought something else into view. 
Chains. They were small and fine but they ran right up the octosnagon’s whole body. Coryn couldn’t tell if the man was adding them now or simply showing what was already there, but the whole Creature seemed to bow with his movement, unknowingly subservient. And as she had that thought, the man turned to look at her, catching her eye for just a moment.
His eyes were the only thing she could pinpoint about his appearance. They were dark, but there was a light inside them that seemed to point to a whole new universe, and in that moment Coryn knew exactly who he was.
Amaranthus, she tried to say, but her lips wouldn’t move. Any resentment she’d felt towards him was amazingly gone now he was here in person, replaced with joy and the urge to reach out to him, and she could only wonder: how was he doing this?
He just smiled and a thought came into her head: In the space between seconds. 
He held out his hand to her – he was too far away for it to make sense, and yet he did it anyway – and the fine end of the chain was in his fingers. He was offering it to her.
She looked at him mutely, not understanding, and a word came very clearly to mind.
Broxa.
What?
Its name is Broxa.  
Coryn had heard the name earlier today, she realised, but in the chaos and confusion she hadn’t properly made the connection. And then she looked down at the chain and saw that written on every single fine link was the same word, over and over again. The name was the word that bound the Creature, and as she realised that, she took the end of the chain.
Suddenly the man blinked out of sight, and time switched back on. The Chosen held Regina in their wicked grasp, and they all waited for her to drop the light-sword – the only thing that the Creature feared.
She tightened her fingers – then took hold of the other weapon she’d been given. “Broxa.” The word was so, so similar to what she already knew the Creature as, but it wasn’t the same. Brosca was a false name, representing an immortal, lovely Fey. Broxa was a thing that was dangerous and evil and had to be controlled…and she held its chain. Not literally, but in terms of power.
The octosnagon stiffened, and the whole chamber seemed to suck in a collective breath. Over one side where all the other Creatures gathered, one let out a skittering laugh. 
“What did you say?” the octosnagon hissed.
“Broxa,” Coryn repeated more firmly, feeling the word hit the atmosphere as though it was a physical force in itself. “You will release Regina now, and allow both of us to leave this place unharmed.”
“Who told you that name?!” Broxa shrieked, bursting into sudden, violent movement. It flung one tentacle in Regina’s direction, grabbing her from the Chosen’s startled grasp and literally throwing her at Coryn, where she landed between them bruised and bloodied but with her throat mercifully whole. But it hadn’t finished. It thrashed its long heavy limbs in every direction, sending the Chosen flying like bowling pins. One might have fallen into the lava-flow (OK, they did, but it wasn’t a priority for Coryn just then) and the another hit the wall with a crack, but Regina or Coryn weren’t touched. “WHO TOLD YOU THAT NAME?” Broxa shrieked again.
Coryn didn’t answer. She flew towards her mother, light-sword in one hand and the other outstretched towards Regina, then grabbed the woman by the arm and pulled her up. One of the flinging tentacles almost hit them and Coryn held up the sword in automatic defence. There was a hiss as the light-sword severed the tentacle, and then Coryn grabbed her mother and shoved her behind her, chopping urgently at everything that moved near her even as she backed away towards the exit. She might have struck half a dozen tentacles or only a couple – it was impossible to tell from the screaming the Creature was doing – but finally it seemed to back away, and she grabbed Regina by the arm and flew down the exit passage, literally carrying her mother. But then she was very strong, wasn’t she?
“KILL THEM! KILL THEM!”
They sped down narrow passages of rock, each seeming narrower and more terrifying than when she’d entered, and with the sound of something screaming up behind them. The tunnel twisted and turned until suddenly they burst out into the open air, the blue sky and green grass looking as ordinary and peaceful as ever, in contrast to the chaos beneath. Coryn dropped Regina, bracing herself by the unexpectedly small cavern entrance and holding the light-sword like the weapon it was, but nothing followed them. No black tentacles, no Creatures, no Chosen. They couldn’t even hear the screaming anymore.
“This isn’t the way we came in,” she said in sudden realisation. 
It wasn’t. They’d come up through another, narrow exit tunnel without even realising they’d changed their path. They were now well on the outskirts of the Compound, even past the fields. Just a mile or two down the valley, red smoke and black clouds rose into the air, interspersed with bright flashes of light. Air vehicles hummed overhead, and someone’s well-enhanced voice repeated, “This is a sanctioned anti-Sec raid for the purposes of ensuring the ongoing safety and purity of the Secular Republic. Exit with your hands raised and face trial, or remain and face the maximum sentence.”
“Oh, no,” she breathed, watching the distant carnage. She could just see dark figures moving about – enforcers, no doubt – and she whispered a quick plea that they’d choose to capture rather than kill. The children would be rehomed, she knew; and anyone over fourteen might get away with only labour if they could prove ignorance of the practices here…if they could prove it. “The raid’s started already.” 
Regina still hadn’t said a word, and Coryn finally turned to her. The woman was bewildered, bloodied and bruised, and she watched Coryn with wide eyes.
“Oh, Mother,” Coryn said gently.
“Coryn,” Regina gasped. “They stole you from my memories.” Then she began to cry.



The underground chamber

“Kill them! Kill them!”  the tentacled monstrosity was still screaming, thrashing about those snakelike limbs indiscriminately. Finally it seemed to realise that the two women had escaped, and it settled down, its many orange eyes wide with pain and indignation. It fixed them on Junius, one of the few acolytes still standing. “Why did you not kill them?” it demanded.
Junius was so scared he almost wet himself. It took all he could handle just to stay upright – well, somewhat upright, anyway. In its rage Broxa had injured or killed most of the Chosen acolytes, and somehow he’d been missed. “Uh…” He swallowed, looking around desperately for an answer, or for someone to step in. He didn’t say that he had sworn to follow the Tiger, not Broxa, because the Tiger was stuck behind the barrier in the Other, and Broxa was right here in giant, horrific physical form. “I, uh, didn’t have a weapon?”
But behind him, behind the line of silent Fey-Creatures filling one half of the volcanic chamber, the Tiger finally stepped forward. It was magnificent and powerful and ancient, and it had promised Junius and his friends all manner of wonders if they’d only do its bidding, and be its hands and feet in the normal realm. For all of their power, the Fey-Creatures still couldn’t do what humans could.
Well, now one could. But it was the wrong one.
The Tiger carried its fury in a literal dark fog around its body, making the already dim chamber even darker and its bicoloured eyes glow even more brightly in contrast, one blue, one yellow. It walked up to the edge of the barrier, setting one clawed hand against that unseen wall. “None here shall help you, Broxa. You shall deal with this yourself.” 
Ah, yes. That was the other reason why Junius hadn’t stepped in. Even if the Tiger had directly ordered him to challenge the girl, he wasn’t too keen on being cut to pieces with that light-sword. Whoa, what a weapon!
Broxa hissed in anger, but didn’t challenge the Tiger. While Junius still thought Broxa was crazy to have stolen the emblem right out from under its leader’s nose (and while having promised to retrieve it no less) it clearly still had some intelligence. It knew that no human or non-human in this chamber would dare to cross the Tiger, not even when it was over there, and they were over here…
Broxa turned and flung its massive body back into the exit tunnel after the women, moving cautiously but quickly on its wounded limbs until it vanished from sight. It had left half a dozen severed limbs behind it on the cavern floor, a couple still twitching like snakes. As Junius watched, one fell into the lava flow and caught fire, becoming ash within seconds.
“Hey, look at this,” one of the other remaining acolytes whispered. “Is it supposed to do that?”
Junius joined her where she crouched near the Anima Chest, staring at its contents in dismay. He immediately saw what she meant. Of the three emblems, two looked just fine. The spirit’s flesh, the flower, was still bright and unwithered. The spirit’s bone, the rock…well, it was still a rock, wasn’t it? Not much to say there. But the spirit’s blood, the flask, was no longer small and perfect and gold-tinged. Instead it was grey and peeling like old plaster, and a wisp of smoke spiralled up from one damaged corner. Even as they watched, it split down one side, almost bursting the leather. 
Junius reached out a hand to cautiously touch the flask but pulled it back at the last moment, looking up anxiously at the Fey-Creatures who stood just metres away. It met the bicoloured eyes of the Tiger, then immediately looked down again in subservient respect. “What shall we do, master?” he whispered.
The Tiger didn’t respond at first. But after several seconds of painful silence, it said, “Nothing.”
That was clear enough, so Junius and the others all drew back awkwardly, setting themselves to checking if any of the fallen humans were still alive. He whispered to the girl beside him, “But I thought the emblems represented the Creature’s physical body. It looks terrible.”
“It does represent that,” the girl whispered back, then focused again on what she was doing. They hadn’t been given permission to talk.
Junius focussed on tidying the chamber, pushing the broken tentacles into the lava flow along with a couple of well and truly dead humans. But when he stole another glance at the Anima Chest he saw that the flask had split again, and a little round hole like a bullet wound had appeared near its opening. A little bit of liquid came out. It looked like oil…or blood.



Aras sat in the back of the enforcer’s air vehicle with Kamile strapped into place on the seat in front of him. She’d never properly regained consciousness, but at one point she’d grabbed hold of his hand and wouldn’t let go. He didn’t try to make her.
The enforcer flew far more smoothly than Coryn, but then didn’t everyone? Even now they flew in a wide arc over the Compound, high over the black clouds of smoke and red flashes of light. Below they could see tiny figures fleeing in every direction – Aras spotted a few in the far distance, but none were Coryn – but just as many vans full of enforcers who were making arrests left, right and centre. But there, down near the green space they’d used for games, was something…
Daniel swore, and Aras saw his eyes widen. “What in the name of Reason is that?”
Something worthy of making the implacable enforcer swear, that was what. A massive black…octopus…thing…thrashed a tentacle out from the concealing clouds of smoke, knocking over a ground vehicle and sending its occupants flying. There were scattered figures in black down below: enforcers who’d not been fast enough to dodge the strikes. The other enforcers had hidden themselves behind vehicles, buildings, rocks; all trying to get a decent shot at the thing without being clubbed to death.
Aras was reluctantly impressed, but he didn’t forget what he really wanted, still carefully scanning the area for Coryn’s familiar blonde hair. “That’s what comes when an immortal Creature is given a physical form,” he told the enforcer bluntly. “We were trying to stop it.”
“Immortal, do you say?”
“Unfortunately, yes.”
Daniel’s eyes were still wide – almost bulging – but he switched on his link, giving orders urgently to whoever was down on the ground. “They say it’s immortal… No, I don’t know what you should do about it! Shoot the bloody thing with everything you’ve got!”
Or run, Aras thought. They didn’t have a chance. At best they’d be able to capture the beast, but considering it was the size of a small building he wasn’t sure how they’d do that.
Kamile stirred, her grip on his hand loosening slightly. She fixed her mottled brown eyes on his face. “Not immortal.”
“It got the emblem,” Aras told her in frustration. “It’s immortal.” Frustration over the danger the Creature caused, yes, but also that they’d been captured and would face death or a sizeable prison sentence, that Marta was who-knew-where with Ric, and that Coryn was lost in the middle of all of that mess. She could even be dead, and there was an antidote!
Suddenly he caught a glimpse of white-blonde hair standing out against the surrounding greenery. But it wasn’t on the Compound, it was down the other side of the fields, well away from the action. Trying to act subtly he turned his head to see again, but the air vehicle had already turned. He was so focused he missed what Kamile said next. “What?”
“Two emblems,” she repeated. “I wasn’t always sleeping, and I would talk with Shulamithe inside my head. She told me there were two emblems, one for a mortal form and one for immortal. The one she took from that enforcer was for the mortal form.”
Aras froze, turning to stare at her. “Are you sure?”
She was weak, but she still managed to roll her eyes. “Yes, I’m sure. I wouldn’t get something like that wrong.”
Hope suddenly rose in Aras’s chest (could they be so lucky?!) and he turned towards the enforcer. “She says-”
“I heard,” Daniel called over his shoulder, already snapping instructions into his link. He abruptly turned the vehicle halfway through its arc, bringing it down towards a space not too far from the action. 
“What are you doing?” Aras asked in dismay. “We’ve got a wounded woman here!”
Daniel leapt out of his seat, pulling out what looked like a fourth-generation rocket launcher. He had that under his seat? “The air vehicle’s not set for battle. I’m going in.”
And then he’d left the vehicle, running into the fray with a device that would probably leave a nine-inch hole in a concrete wall.
“I guess he’s not a coward,” Kamile murmured, a slight smile on her face. “And he left us here all alone.”
More than that, he’d left them with the vehicle still running…



Coryn hugged her mother, and after a while Regina finally stopped crying. “Why would they do that?” she whispered. “Why would they make me forget you? What purpose did it serve?”
“Punishment for me trying to leave,” Coryn replied succinctly. She felt relieved, yes, but cold and tired. The adrenaline from the fight had worn off – not that there’d been a real victor in that battle. The Creature was still out there somewhere.
“You wanted to leave because you knew about that thing?”
Coryn shrugged, checking around them warily. “More or less. Oh, and some of the Elders are blood-drinkers – or at least Jurgis and Starbright were, and they were there when Trennan was killed, except they’re dead now. But there are others too. The Chosen are absolutely corrupted, and it came from the Fey.”
“Oh Coryn…” Regina’s face crumpled with tragic sympathy, and Coryn cut in.
“We’ve got to get out of here now. Even if that Creature seems to have lost us, the enforcers will be here any time!”
Oh, Chaos. They could see one of the familiar black vehicles overhead already. It seemed to have spotted them.
“Go,” she said to her mother. “I’ll distract them. You find Ladon and run for it.”
“I’m not leaving you again!” 
It seemed that Coryn was doomed to be continually ignored by her family, to their detriment. The black vehicle came to rest on the grass, the shaded and weapon-proof door opened…
…and Kamile leaned out. She was pale and had a generous bandage wrapped around her throat, but thank Amaranthus, she was upright. Just beyond her Coryn could see Aras in the driver’s seat. “Get in here!” she shouted. “Before they realise we’ve stolen the vehicle and shoot us down!”

Ten minutes later Coryn sat in the back seat of the humming vehicle, her arms tight around both Kamile and Regina, and Aras taking them at high speed to who-knew-where. “I’m so glad,” she said again. “So, so glad, but I have to go.”
“What’s more important than your best friend returning from the dead?” Kamile complained. “Except for your family, friends, getting an antidote…”
Yes, Coryn still hadn’t taken in that last part. She didn’t have to die from the dart wound? All this day needed to make it perfect was to see Trennan alive and happy – and she hadn’t forgotten hearing his voice while the Chosen held her prisoner. “I’ll be right back,” she told them again. “I just have to warn the other girls.” Daniel had said arrest was imminent for the other hackers, and she had to tell them before it was too late. She didn’t even have access to their links – they’d agreed she would meet them at the Mall today, with no other contact.
“Don’t come back here,” Aras said grimly, eyes still fixed on the ground below. They’d left the Compound at great pace, knowing they had a few minutes while the Creature distracted the enforcers. For how long, no one knew. He searched the surrounding countryside for familiar faces, but it was a massive job. “We’ll be long gone.”
“Ladon won’t be down there,” Regina said. It was the first time she’d spoken since climbing into the vehicle ten minutes earlier. “He knows the rules. He and the other children are to remove anything traceable from their bodies, then head north to Erastus. You won’t see him down there unless he’s been captured.” It went unsaid that if he’d been captured, they could do nothing for him.
“Erastus?” Coryn echoed. “That’s the border-town up north, isn’t it?” She’d heard of it – not a closed community like the Chosen, but more an area rich in alter-power, religion and mysticism. It would be a safe place for them, she realised…or safer, anyway.
“Just over the border and out of the Sec Republic’s reach,” Regina confirmed. “After the old Premier was killed and things started to get dangerous we made plans for a safe meeting place if something like this should ever happen.” She frowned. “But we didn’t really think it would…and Erastus is so very far away, and not so much of a family environment as the Compound…”
“It’s not so far,” Aras rumbled from the driver’s seat, neatly ignoring that ridiculous comment about the Compound, especially after what they now knew about it. “A few hours by air vehicle, or a few days to walk. Marta told me she’s taking Ric over the north border, but I’ll tell her where to go instead.”
That meant Marta had broken the rule not to use her link, but Coryn found she didn’t mind on this occasion. It would have been terrible if after all this trouble Ric had been separated from Aras anyway. “Good thing I can fly fast then,” she said decisively. “I’ll warn the girls, then meet you all in Erastus within a week. But I must go now, or I might already be too late!”
There was a click as Aras unlocked the back door hatch, and Coryn prepared herself to leave with another tight hug from both Kamile and Regina. “I love you both,” she told them, “and I’m so so so happy you’re back!” Aras glanced over his shoulder and she added with a grin, “And you too, Aras. But not in that way.”
His cheeks went slightly pink, but his expression didn’t change. “Back at you. And go on then. You’re letting the cold air in.”
Feeling as high as a kite and not even caring that she looked like she’d survived a bomb blast, Coryn leapt out of the hatch into the open air. 



Broxa had charged after the fleeing girl and her mother, anger overwhelming its fear of the light-sword, but something had gone wrong. It had come back out into the open air to find the two females nowhere to be seen, and it was in a war zone.
Boom. Boom. Boom. The sounds of the weapons exploding were muffled, but that might have been because Broxa’s hearing had been damaged by their proximity. It sure felt the blows though; cutting through the clouds of smoke created by both it and the attacking humans; striking on its limbs and body. They felt as destructive as meteors hitting the moon, a sudden pressure followed by a moment of numbness, then terrible pain. Broxa had caused damage to their ranks, it knew, but it hadn’t realised how badly it had been hurt. The light-sword had taken a few limbs, but what were those out of so many? But these new blows to its body felt like fatal wounds. 
Fatal? Noooo, Broxa thought in panic. That implied a permanent ending, and such things just didn’t happen to the immortal Creatures. That was the point of being immortal! It flung another serpentine limb out to sweep over one of those vehicles, but there were lights coming from above and behind, sharp and piercing through its eyes and causing more pain, more confusion…more panic. It didn’t know where to strike. It didn’t know who to fight because it could no longer see them, and it didn’t know how to win this battle.
Boom. Another hard blow struck its torso, followed quickly by a strange sense of disconnectedness. Broxa looked down to see a large section of its body had been blasted off, along with a dozen tentacles. It tried to move, realised it had lost balance, and almost fell back into the hole it had come from. Everything hurt, and it felt strangely weak now. The surrounding light was changing and becoming hazy grey.
There was a moment when something clicked in the Creature’s usually lightning-fast mind, and it remembered all those times it had partaken in the death of mortals, how it had slipped into their minds and watched their souls leave their bodies. There usually was a greyness.
Was this how one died? Without even realising it?
Stumbling and desperate, Broxa flung what remained of its body back down the tunnel it had entered through. The humans followed with their weapons, striking at its back, and it was all it could do to simply flee. The tunnel back to the chamber seemed interminable, and it was practically dragging itself by the time it finally reached that familiar place. The humans seemed to have given up pursuit, and the red-cloaked acolytes looked up in shock at its entry. One pointed with a shaking finger to the Anima Chest, and Broxa caught only a glimpse of something grey and ragged in the flask’s place before it launched itself towards the Other barrier. It didn’t matter that the Tiger was there, or that the other Creatures were there. It would fight with everything it had, because if it stayed here in the normal realm, it would die.
Crack.
Broxa slammed up against an invisible wall, the Other realm for the very first time keeping it out just as before it had always been kept in. It shook itself, baffled, then tried again – slam. But the barrier was as solid as rock. More solid, even; because the Creature had never had a problem breaking rock when needed, but hitting this barrier felt like Broxa would break first. 
On the Other side of the cavern the Tiger had come right up within mere feet of the barrier, its mouth curved in an absolutely evil smile. “The body is mortal, then. And you’ve been denied entry.” 
But then there was the sound of screaming from the chamber behind, and Broxa turned to see a cloud of red. It was flame and smoke and power all at once; not a power from the Other, but a power from the most destructive force humans could create. A bomb had struck the volcanic stream, and had reacted.
In less time than it took to turn, the red heat cloud consumed the chamber, slamming Broxa flat against the barrier and disintegrating its new, mortal form within moments. It was so quick it didn’t even hurt, and Broxa felt the tie to its mortal form cut like a ribbon. Suddenly the barrier was soft and open, and what was left of it tumbled through to land limply on the Other side. By some miracle it had retaken an immortal form, but one that was small, weak, and almost without a single conduit.
Like its ears were suddenly unplugged, Broxa could once more hear the thoughts of the Creatures surrounding it. They were vultures around a carcass, and it couldn’t overcome the incredible weakness and shock of this failure. It had been quietly planning this moment for hundreds of years. Thousands, even, all while pretending loyalty to the Tiger. And everything had gone so, so wrong.
Two large, claw-toed feet filled its vision; leather sandals that Broxa knew were made from the skin of enemies spiralling up striped legs to disappear under thick leather armour. It looked up at the Tiger, and the Tiger smiled back down. Its thoughts were as clear as speech, and Broxa clearly saw its fate in that moment. It had no energy to fight, none at all, but it still wouldn’t give up. There was still one tiny, narrow link of power to the normal realm. One last conduit left over, even though all the others were gone.
The Tiger leaned forward, and Broxa saw its own slight, pale form reflected in those blue and yellow eyes. “Oh, the plans I have for you. You cannot imagine them.”
Unfortunately Broxa could, and they weren’t good. So it shot out the last of its strength towards that conduit, grabbing onto it in a desperate plea. Save me.
15.     Transition 

Somewhere trees fly like birds

Verily Anne knew that Ash and George had not yet seen her here at the back of the food truck, but then part of the amusement of being a Person was that one might hide when needed. ’Twas a most clever trick, that of hiding in plain sight.
Meanwhile Amaranthus was chatting cheerfully with the two of them, offering Ash a hotdog (for it seemed to be what she most desired) and George a cup of something hot and frothy that he seemed most cheered to receive. “Ah, the gateways,” he was saying in response to something George had asked. “Yes, of course we stepped in. You’d have never got to where we wanted you to go, otherwise. You’ll notice that for the most part you stayed in the same time period even though you moved across space. Barring that one trip to the future, of course.”
“So you did change the destinations of the gateways?” Ash echoed, looking triumphant, then confused. “Wait, does this mean we’ll never know where we’re going to end up? That’s not very helpful.”
“It won’t be like that again,” Amaranthus said reassuringly, and Anne knew it was a promise. “From now on the gateways won’t change for you, and you’ll be able to travel as expected – although we must speak about this further. We made an exception this time because of the Anima Chest. It wasn’t the right time for the Creatures to find such a thing, but now it will be centuries by your time before anyone can find it again.”
The two looked relieved. “Oh, so we did leave the flask in the distant future, then?” George asked. “I’d vow that one of those boys had a Creature’s presence. It was most unpleasant.”
Amaranthus brushed that off. “Creatures usually are. But that’s no longer your problem. Hotdog?”
“Ah, thank you. I will.”
“Wait,” Ash said suspiciously between bites of her hotdog. “Why do you keep saying ‘we’?”
The older man smiled, turning to where Anne had silently been waiting for a good two minutes. She took that as her cue to appear and practically leapt into sight. “Me! I was there too! And I must say, ’twas worth giving up a boot to foil that dastardly Creature!” Or both boots, forsooth. The emblems had come to light eventually, as such things always did, but they’d managed to keep the more dangerous one hidden for now.
“Anne?!”
“Me!” she agreed again, then dashed out of the food truck to embrace the two of them. She saw their startled faces when she moved through the wall – yes, another clever trick – but then there was too much to take in and they simply hugged her.
“Where have you been?” Ash said in shock. “George said you went back to your own time and faked your death, but where is Elspeth? Where are we now?”
Faked her death, ha. That was only what it looked like, because the superstitious locals from her home time did not appreciate ‘heresy’. But that was another subject for further discussion later on. For now, Anne simply exchanged a glance with Amaranthus, and he nodded. They’d discussed their location too, and Anne knew what was coming next. Oh, how wonderful.
She took in a breath, smiled brilliantly, and moved her arm in a sweeping gesture to all that encompassed them. “You are, my dear friends, in Erastus.”
There was a baffled silence as the two looked at her in confusion – a most common state for her two friends – and yet another uprooted pine tree sailed majestically past. An unfortunate side effect of the overabundance of alter-power in this area, but not precisely dangerous. 
“We are?” Ash queried. “And where is that?”
Anne sighed. “I see I’ve got a lot to fill you in on.”



Lile

Mortimer felt the moment when the Creature came back into his consciousness, and he turned on it with fury. “You backstabbing, vicious kurva!” he howled within the quiet of his own mind. He never lost his temper out in the normal world, but mentally was quite a different story. “How dare you take over my mind? You had no right! That was not our agreement!”
“What was our agreement, Tomas Grey?” the Creature hissed. It sounded different than before – its voice smaller, weaker in some way. Or perhaps that was just his fury making it seem so. “You would get me Coryn Regindotir and the spirit’s blood, and I would give you immortality. You fulfilled neither.”
“Not. My. Fault!”
Suddenly he couldn’t see the room he was standing in anymore. All he could see was the darkness of his own mind and the darker shape of the Creature. And now he saw it as it truly was: monstrous and inhuman with cold, cold, hateful eyes, even colder than his own, and a face that blurred in and out of focus. All except those eyes. They had seen millennia of murder and disappointments and every wicked thing under the sun, and especially those that happened in the dark, and Mortimer knew then that he was desperately outclassed.
The Creature leaned down towards him in the darkness, and the glint of its orange eyes reminded him of a predator; an ancient raptor which had never been tamed, but roamed around, killing who it would. And that made him the prey… 
“Not your fault…?”
Right then Mortimer was afraid. He was more afraid than he’d ever been in his hundred or so years of life, and the fear led him to do something he never thought he would, especially not after Iversley. After he’d been sent back from there, he’d found himself completely powerless, completely like an ordinary human, without his massive storehouses of alter-power to call on. So after that he’d begun to gather as much as possible, careful not to be caught or to use very much of it, and he’d determined that never again would he be that way. He’d never tie himself to someone or something that could take it from him.
But now he had, and so he did the only thing he could to get rid of the Creature. He took every single jealously-gathered ounce of alter-power, and he threw it at the Creature, pushing it out of his mind, back to the Other. “GO AWAAAAAY!!!!” 
The Creature resisted after the initial push, and right when it seemed to fill that doorway to his mind and seemed as if it would go, it held back. Panicking but knowing it was his only chance, Mortimer pushed more, took even his own natural stores of alter-power, his life force, and shoved them at the Creature. If this didn’t work, then he’d be dead. The god of death dead, but better than being subject to this thing anymore.
But then right at the last moment when he felt his body weaken and begin to fall, and his heart beat slow, the Creature disappeared through the gap in his mind like air through a vacuum, and the door clanged shut.
Free. 
As he lay there on the hard ground of his little room, he felt a single tear well up in his eye and roll down the side of his face. He hadn’t even known he could still cry.



In the dark, somewhere just beyond Mortimer’s conscious mind, Broxa huddled. Ironically it had taken almost all of its strength just to hang on to the link it had with this human, but it had done so, almost managing to cut off its own link with the Other at the same time. Almost, but not quite. Even now it could sense the Creatures trying to pull it back into the Other to face ‘justice’, which it was determined not to do. See, even with the Creature’s current weakness, it couldn’t just be thrown out. It was like a disease which had to have every single molecule removed or else it could spread, it thought with little humour. 
Of course, it had simply let him think it was gone. It was easiest with people like Tomas Grey; those utterly selfish, proud sorts who could be freely manipulated because they only thought about what was good for them. Offer them something they want, let them keep thinking they’re smart, and they’d do whatever it wanted.
Right now what it wanted was rejuvenation. Even though simply connecting itself with the human again had given it new strength, it wasn’t enough. Go on, god of death. Fill us both up. Give us a fresh start.
I’m so weak, so diminished, the Creature prompted Tomas Grey quietly, using its millennia of experience to sound just like one of the man’s own thoughts. That thought fit both it and the human. I need to gather.
He picked up the idea immediately. I do need to gather, he agreed. But I don’t even have enough power left to take someone else’s. I used so much getting rid of the Creature that I can barely get up off the ground. 
  Getting rid of, ha. Weapons cover all kinds of flaws, it whispered to him, waving the image of an efficiency rifle in front of his mind’s eye. Even one of these deaths would be a good start. Not much power created by them since they aren’t close range, but enough to begin to gather again, and they don’t leave much evidence.
It felt the human immediately agree. So, so easy. He would start with whoever was nearest-
No, it quietly interrupted. I should take someone who has meaning. Someone who’s given me trouble, and their death can mean my rebirth. Deliberate deaths brought so much more power than accidental ones, and besides, Broxa wanted revenge.
There was a moment where thoughts flickered through the human’s head – good, useful, murderous thoughts – and finally fixed on a target. The right target. And the Creature thought of that other conduit, the one which it could no longer access, but could still feel its presence.
Go.



Coryn slowed as she approached the Mall from the air, coming down to rest on the busy pavement. Gaggles of pre-teen schoolgirls on scooters zipped by, a cloud of chatter surrounding them ten metres in every direction. Coryn stepped neatly around them and made her way towards the meet-up point in the middle of the Mall. The government was always on the lookout for illegal anti-Sec gatherings, but they’d surely never expect them to be somewhere as public as this.
She reached the agreed meeting place, sitting down on the bench next to the second storey fountain. She should have been bouncing with nervousness at the danger of what she was doing, but compared to facing the Broxa/Brosca octosnagon, this felt like a walk in the park. An old lady sat quietly next to her reading a digi-book, and she didn’t look twice at Coryn. Just an ordinary girl, sitting in the Mall…and a wanted criminal, apparently.
Out of the corner of Coryn’s eye she saw two young girls approaching, one tall and red-haired, one short and brunette. Poli and Magdalene. Jessica was coming from the other side. But they mustn’t reach her, Coryn knew. She had to warn them off without seeming to warn them. Coryn slowly and deliberately stood and walked over to the nearby drinks station, quickly ordering herself one before they reached her.
“Good afternoon,” the young man behind the counter said cheerfully as he waited for the drink to materialise. “How was your day?”
It was a very generic thing to ask, but an idea came to her. “Very unusual,” she said loudly enough that the other girls could hear her. “I was playing this new VR game, ‘Hackers’. I think I must have taken it a bit seriously, because when the game ended I was in a terrible state.”
“Hackers, eh? I’ve never heard of that.”
“It’s not that new,” Coryn said casually. “But I’ve decided not to play again. See, you get to do all this fun spy-stuff, but you can’t get caught by the villains. Not even once. Because if they catch you in the game, they kill you, and you never get to restart. There’s no second chance.”
In her peripheral vision she saw the other girls freeze in place. They’d heard, and by their reactions it was clear that they knew what she was saying, although they’d never rehearsed something like this before. 
But not getting the undertones, the boy raised his eyebrows. “Sounds like a badly made game. Who wants to play something with no second chances? Or is it the risk factor?”
“Who knows? But the worst part is that I was playing as part of a team, and if one of us dies, we all do. So it’s game over for all of us. Rubbish, right?”
“Sounds like it,” the boy agreed cheerfully, handing her the drink. She stretched out her arm so he could scan her chip. “Better luck in the next game.”
“Oh, I already know what I’ll play,” she said loudly. “I’m going right now to play a completely new game called ‘Erastus’.”
“Erastus?” he repeated in surprise. “Isn’t that some town up north?”
That was the last thing Coryn had expected to hear, and she wondered for a moment if he was in on this. But no, while he appeared a little bemused by her apparent craziness, he also looked sincere. “Yes, ERASTUS,” she said clearly. “Named after the town on the north border. I’m going there now.”
“Erm…good for you.” He must be the world’s most patient server, and she’d almost think him a robot if she didn’t know it was illegal for robots to resemble humans.
Coryn thanked him, took the drink and turned away, suddenly feeling remarkably tired. The other girls had turned to walk briskly away, she now saw; although Poli glanced over her shoulder as she left, face creased in worry. Coryn made a flicking gesture – go! – and tried to turn it into a nose scratch. She had to leave herself, but she wanted to make sure they’d got out safely. Although they might still get picked up in the city…
But then she saw the enforcers.



Erastus

Ash tried to summarize what Anne and Amaranthus had told her, the latter having quietly vanished at some point during their conversation with Anne. “So Erastus is an alter-power-friendly town-”
“City,” Anne corrected. “It has over five thousand full time occupants.”
Well, that was a town by Southern Isles standards, but whatever. “Power-friendly city,” Ash repeated. “And you and Amaranthus both spend a lot of your time here, for some reason staffing this food caravan-”
“Because ’tis right next to an entrance to the Mountain of Glass, and because people need to eat good, hearty food,” Anne cut in promptly. “As you have.”
Yes, well, it was debatable whether hotdogs were good, although they were probably hearty. Either way, these hotdogs had been delicious, and just what she’d wanted. “Fine. And we’re still in the late twenty-sixth century, up to the north of Lile, although technically in a different country. And you say-”
“Actually, Erastus is not part of any country,” Anne said. “’Tis a self-governing region unclaimed by any of the surrounding nations, perhaps because ’tis largely overlooked. Alter-power can hide its presence, you know, as well as attract attention at times.”
 “Could you stop interrupting please?” Ash said in frustration. “How do you know what we know if you won’t let me say anything?”
“Don’t mind her,” George cut in. He was halfway through another hotdog and looking quite cheered with their immediate surroundings. Barring those dark doorways across the valley, Erastus did seem a fascinating place. “Pregnancy hormones making her irritable, and all that.”
Ash gave him a look that promised retribution for bringing up that foolish subject again. “George…”
“Never mind,” he said quickly, shoving a bit of hotdog into his mouth to stop the conversation. “Cawy on.”
“If you got it right the first time I shouldn’t need to interrupt,” Anne retorted, then grinned in a way that meant Ash couldn’t stay angry with her. “Oh, will you come to see the Mountain? ’Tis not the part you are used to, but ’tis a true marvel. George, I vow that you have not yet seen this place, but you will love it!”
“Alright then. Show us the Mountain.” And Ash too was quite cheered by that idea. She hadn’t seen the place in many months, and her memories of it were fading. All she remembered was a lovely garden, a big glass structure, and the most excellent fruit she’d ever eaten.
“In here.” Anne had been standing with them under the shade of the caravan’s awning, but now she turned and moved quickly down the side of the vehicle near the overhanging tree. She paused briefly in front of a low, wooden doorway that Ash hadn’t noticed before. Like the creepy stone ones over the river, this stood on its own, and Ash couldn’t see behind it or even through it. Anne ducked her head slightly to make it under the low lintel, vanishing from sight.
Ash and George exchanged a quizzical glance. It was remarkably like their interaction with the Creature disguised as Anne earlier today, but unlike then, there was no fear of what might happen if they followed. George finished his hotdog with a longing glance towards the still cooking, now-manned grill (one that Ash actually sympathised with, as amazingly she still felt hungry) then shrugged. “Shall we?”
“Why not.”



Lile

Coryn saw the distinctive figures of the enforcers moving from the left side of the Mall towards where the other girls were walking away. One enforcer wore the tidy suit of a bureaucrat, but the other two weren’t even trying to disguise their intentions. They wore black body armour and their weapons were out. The girls hadn’t seen them.
Oh, no. 
Coryn didn’t think, she just acted. She threw her arms in the air, shouting, “HELLO! ENFORCERS! Help me over here!” The first of the enforcers turned to see her across the busy platform, and she smiled widely, waving her arms. “Help! Over here, please help!”
It wasn’t enough. They still turned away, focused on their targets, although she’d certainly got the attention of the shoppers closest to her. The old lady on the nearby bench was staring at her in astonishment, and others had started to back away. It was horribly embarrassing, but she had to do more. “ALTER-POWER!” she screamed suddenly, rising up in the air to prove her point. “It’s a real thing, and it can be good or evil depending on who’s using it! But what’s more important is the knowledge that there is life after death! There is more to life than what we can just see here in front of us, and what we can feel with our hands and our five senses! We commit no crime in saying so!”
Ah, now she’d got their attention. One of the enforcers in black continued to follow after the girls, but the one in the suit began speaking into his link, and bare moments later she felt a hand tap on her ankle where she hovered in the air. 
It was another enforcer, one she hadn’t seen before. “Miss, you need to come down now. Take off your anti-grav wings.”
“I’m not wearing wings,” she replied, stretching out her bare wrists. “See?”
The enforcer didn’t look impressed. “So you’re hiding them. Come on, Miss, before I charge you with disobedience as well as seditious speech.”
But the others had still gone after Magdalene, Poli and Jessica. Coryn looked in panic at the doorway to where the bureau-enforcer still watched her from a distance, speaking into his link, and where the other two were nowhere to be seen. She didn’t know what she would have done next, except that something very unexpected happened.
There was a flash of bright light, and the enforcer at her feet vanished into a cloud of ash.



Erastus

On the other side of the low wooden gateway was a hall full of doors; some lovely, some plain, and every single one open a crack. “See, here is the entrance to the Mountain,” Anne said happily, pointing at a silver door. “The Garden, that is. The next is for the treasure halls, and the next is for the City proper.”
“What about all the others?” George asked in fascination. “Where do they go?”
Anne waved a hand dismissively. “Most won’t mean anything to you at this point. But here, look at this one. That will take you to your own time, George. ’Tis a remnant gateway.”
Ash studied the door curiously. It looked almost like the cover of an old book: red leather embossed with gold text. It read ‘Tolliver’s Bookseller’. “No way,” she breathed. “This is a massive coincidence.”
“Oh, ’tis not by chance,” Anne corrected happily. “We did it apurpose in hopes you both would spend more time here. I think you both would like it, especially once you settle in with the children. But mayhap until that time you might just come to visit?”
“There are no children yet,” Ash said automatically, still staring at the gateway. “Maybe in five or ten years. But what about-”
“Your time?” Anne interrupted. “Here, look at this!” The doorway was just across the hall from the red leather book one, and appeared to be made of plastic. It looked like the back of a smartphone cover, one of the fun sorts with a bright pattern. It read, Te Wai Wai. “To 2013, just when you left it.”
“Te Wai Wai?” Ash read out quizzically. “But that’s in the Southern Isles!” Actually, it was…
“Not too far from where your parents live?” Anne interrupted yet again. “Amaranthus said you had always planned to return to the Southern Isles anyway. There would be little gained by creating a permanent gateway from 21st century Angland when you have little holding you there.”
George was standing next to Ash, studying the plasticky door in interest. “I say, I’ve always wanted to visit the Southern Isles. See the volcanoes and glaciers and whatnot – from a safe distance, of course. And if you wished to return to Whiteside, 2013, we could do so through the gateway in the library at the manor at Iversley.”
“Incredible.” Ash was still taking in the fact that she could walk through there and be a mere half hour drive away from her parents’ home and her childhood school. She’d not been home since leaving almost eighteen months earlier, not even for their wedding.
Since then she and George had talked about going to the Southern Isles, but the difficulty of getting a passport for him had put them off so far. But this…this could change their entire lives.
Anne’s smile was fading just a little. “Do you not like it? We thought it would be suitable, but I can ask Amaranthus to change it if needed…”
“No – no,” Ash said quickly. “We just need some time to take it in. Don’t we George?”
“Oh, I think it’s marvellous,” he answered happily. He’d wandered a little further down the hall and was now staring at a door that appeared to be made of foggy glass, lit from the other side. “If I might be so bold as to ask, what’s through here, Anne?”
Which Ash thought was a fancy way of saying he was bold enough to ask, and was trying to be polite about it.
But Anne answered with a sly sideways glance towards Ash. “Oh, that’s what we call the Sleeper chambers. You’ve already seen them, Ash, but not this particular chamber.”
And how did she know that? Ash wondered.
Anne continued, “Shall we go in?” But she clearly didn’t need an answer, because she pranced up to the door, pushed it open, and then moved through.



Lile

More bright lights flashed, briefly blinding Coryn, and when she could finally see again she felt dazed. The mall around her had turned into a scene of chaos, with people screaming and running, and a few piles of what looked like grey dust that she didn’t dwell on too much. She was still hovering in the air above the now deceased enforcer – ah, that was the pile of dust, she realised; someone had used an efficiency rifle – but for now no one was paying her any attention.
Perfect. She turned towards where the girls had fled, intending to follow them and if possible, cause further distraction, but then an odd thing happened. Her gaze sharpened in a way it never had before, and she saw through the distant wall, focusing on three small figures flying through the air. Magdalene and Poli had clearly found Jessica, and they’d made use of the wings they now all wore. It had been a good choice to escape, Coryn noted. They’d just look like three more young girls flying through the city, and hopefully the enforcers would be too distracted by what had happened here to track them any time soon.
Huh. What had happened here? 
She turned back to the scene around her, feeling an unexpected calmness. Must be all the adrenaline wearing off, she decided. And she probably ought to run and hide, but it didn’t feel like a good use of energy right now. 
She spotted the shooter. It was a man – that man who’d tried to kidnap her with Broxa’s help, except now he appeared to have lost the plot and was shooting madly into the screaming crowd.
Phomph. There was another bright flash of light and the shooter himself vanished into a cloud of ash. Well…kind of. There was the cloud, and she saw him dissolve into nothing…but then he was still standing there looking all misty and surprised for a couple of seconds, and then he vanished.
Weird. But why wasn’t she more upset about it?
“You’ll find you’ve lost the ability to feel negative emotions,” a familiar voice said from beside her. “You’ll remember them, but you won’t feel them again.”
No. It couldn’t be. It just couldn’t…
Coryn turned as though in slow motion, and there, hovering next to her in the air, was Trennan. He looked more gorgeous than she’d ever seen him, and his brown skin was smooth and not even slightly bark-like. He looked perfect. He grinned, shrugging. “They took it all away. All of the Creature influence. It’s just me now.”
Coryn should have burst into tears, or done something to take in the magnitude of how she felt in that moment, but instead she just felt happier and happier until she surely must have glowed like a lightbulb. She grinned at him, and he grinned at her, and she cupped his cheeks in her hands and stared at his dear, dear face. “So you’re not dead either,” she whispered. 
“Do I look dead?”
Well, that was a silly question. He’d never looked so alive. And she could have asked him in that moment where he’d been, why he hadn’t shown himself earlier, if he too had been a carrier like Kamile? But she did none of those things. Instead she kissed him, then she hugged him, and then she lay her head against his neck and they just hovered there embracing for long, long moments.  
“We should probably stop,” she said finally. “I’m going to be arrested, and anyway, we’ll probably be done for indecent behaviour again.”
“No one’s going to arrest you,” Trennan answered gently. “We’re beyond their reach now.”
That was when Coryn realised for the first time that his lips had never moved. Not once through their whole conversation. And in sudden, blinding revelation she realised what had happened.
“So we’re dead, then.” Oh, her lips weren’t moving either. They weren’t needed.
“No, we died,” he corrected. “And now we’re alive. Truly immortal, actually, as a gift from Amaranthus.” He paused. “Do you mind?”
Mind being dead? Or technically not dead at all? Coryn thought about how her family would be upset, and so would Aras and Kamile, but even with that knowledge she couldn’t summon a hint of regret. She knew Trennan had heard her entire thought process, so she didn’t even try to explain her next sentence. “They’ll come to us soon enough, won’t they?”
“If they drink from the River, then yes. They will.”
She pondered that briefly, then made a decision. “OK.” And it was OK, because months – even years – no longer seemed to matter anymore, and the others would be following soon enough. And that was that. It seemed this whole series of events, from the way Trennan had been killed, to her own five months hidden out of time by Amaranthus and what came after, through to getting shot with an efficiency rifle herself, had all been orchestrated to lead to this one beautiful moment. “So where did you go? The Mountain of Glass?”
Trennan took her hand, and they both turned to face a bright gateway that had appeared in the air. Coryn couldn’t see what was on the other side, but she couldn’t wait. “For a bit, but also somewhere better. Will you come?”
Duh, of course she would! “This day,” she announced as they moved through the gateway, “could not get any more perfect.”
But then they were through, and she realised she was wrong.
It could.



Through the gateway near Erastus

“Oh, I’ve seen these before,” Ashlea announced baldly. “I told you about them, remember George?”
“Mm. Vaguely.” His wife had had a lot to say when they’d reconciled after their brief time apart, and a lot of it had been so fantastical he couldn’t retain the details. But now they were in this low-roofed, golden room, like a wide hall with the other end so far away he almost couldn’t see it, surrounded by what looked like upright coffins, or something out of one of those spaceship films. And if he recalled correctly from what Ashlea had said, there were people inside. “Sleepers, you say Anne?”
“That’s what we call them,” she agreed, walking up to the nearest and setting her hand against the foggy, glasslike surface. The fog cleared and suddenly he could see inside – but it was empty. 
“There’s no one inside,” he said in surprise, and somewhat redundantly. 
“There will be soon enough,” Anne replied cheerfully. “You and Ash are most fortunate to see this place. I hope you realise that. For most never get the chance until they enter it themselves.”
“Then why are you showing us?” Ashlea asked curiously. She stood a few capsules down from Anne, squinting through the foggy surface.
“Because then you can tell other people about it, and they’ll be comforted.”
“Oh, I think most people wouldn’t believe until they saw it,” George said with a laugh. “And who are they all, anyway? These ‘Sleepers’ of yours?”
Anne turned to stare at him, and she wore an unusually solemn expression. “Don’t you know?”
“Obviously not, or he wouldn’t have asked.” Ashlea came to stand next to Anne, studying the empty capsule curiously. “I remember they usually say ‘passage paid,’ but this one has no text.”
“Wait for it,” Anne said mysteriously.
Wait for what, George was about to ask, but then suddenly the capsule wasn’t empty anymore.
Ashlea shrieked and took a step back, and George might have done the same (oh, very well, he did, but in a much more masculine fashion). The figure inside the capsule…by Jove, it had to be the most beautiful girl he’d ever seen in his life, and he thought that entirely platonically as he was a faithful husband. Golden, all golden, and with eyes closed as though in sleep. She was smiling, just a little, as though she dreamed of something lovely. Scrolling text had appeared underneath Anne’s hand almost as if prompted. Covering his surprise, George pointed out, “There it is, Ashlea. As requested.”
Passage paid.
“Paid by what, I’d like to know,” Ashlea muttered, but then her face changed into an expression of alarm, and she stepped abruptly away from the capsule. “Oh my Deias, that’s Coryn!”
“Surely not.” But when George studied the sleeping face again, perhaps he saw a similarity. But… “Coryn wasn’t as…er, well, attractive as this person.”
His wife gave him a look that said, yes, I know you think this girl’s pretty – but I’m not too mad about it, and turned to Anne. “It is her, right? Isn’t it?”
“Oh, indeed.” Anne studied the sleeping face along with the two of them. “Does she not look happy, though?”
“But how did she get in here?” Ashlea cried. “We just saw her back in that railcar, and we were all being shot at by crazy people! And then we couldn’t go back to save her! We figured that Amaranthus must be keeping an eye on the situation, but what if he wasn’t? She could have di-”
There was a long pause where a rather hideous, bizarre idea crept into George’s mind. But he didn’t speak it aloud.
“Were you going to say ‘died’?” Anne asked mildly. She still had one small hand set against the fogged glass, that scrolling text glowing brightly and mysteriously. “What did you think the Sleepers were, Ash?” Her tone now reminded George strongly of someone in particular, but he couldn’t place it.
Ashlea’s jaw dropped, and her eyes scrunched up as though she’d cry. But she didn’t.
“Come over here,” Anne continued. “Put your hand on her head. Ask her for yourself.”
Ashlea shook her head adamantly, so Anne turned to George. “What about you?”
“Er…” It felt rather rude, didn’t it? Just setting your hand on some stranger’s head while they were sleeping? Even if you’d technically met once before, and even if they were technically…dead… “Are we allowed to do that? Can we even do that? I mean, there is glass…and you said she was, er, sleeping, so would hardly be able to answer, would she?”
Anne just looked at him, and he sighed. “Very well. Come, Ashlea.” He took her hand, and they moved together toward the glass. They set their hands against its surface together, and the glass softened and grew jelly-like. Then suddenly they were through the glass and touching the girl’s head, and golden light leaped up to envelop them.
They were standing in a place George had never seen before. He could have sworn it was a throne room, except that he couldn’t see a throne, only a bright light coming from where the throne might have been. All around them were people talking and laughing. All kinds of people, but all young and stunningly beautiful. It should have made him feel inferior or perhaps (Deias forbid) desirous, but instead he was just fascinated. See, he could feel that while he and Ashlea were there, they weren’t fully there. Not like the golden people were.
And there was the girl who looked like Coryn, standing and happily talking with a fine-looking boy. They were holding hands. As if prompted, she turned and saw them, then walked to greet them. “Hello.”
“Coryn,” Ashlea stammered. “We left you to die.”
Well, that wasn’t what George had expected his wife to say, but now she mentioned it…they had.
“What? No you didn’t,” the golden, gleaming Coryn replied in surprise.
“Not intentionally,” George couldn’t help saying. “But as a matter of fact we did. We went through the gateway and we left you there with the shooters, and here you are, dead. Well, somewhat dead.” And now he thought of it, they’d left Aras too! But he’d already been shot in the head. Somehow that last thought didn’t soothe George’s burning guilt. “And while I feel you ought to know it wasn’t at all on purpose, as in fact we were unable to return for you, we most certainly did leave you.”
“You might have left me, but you didn’t cause me to end up here,” super-Coryn repeated with a hint of impatience. “A lot of things happened in between you leaving and my transition, and most of them had nothing to do with you at all.” 
Oh. It seemed rather unlikely, considering what they’d just seen. And ‘transition’? That was a rather mild way of putting it.
Ashlea appeared to be thinking the same way. “Are you sure it had nothing to do with us?” she asked cautiously. “How did you end up here, then?”
Coryn paused thoughtfully. “Well, much the same way as you will. I met Amaranthus – or at least that’s what you call him – and he paid for my passage here and gave me an immortal body, just like all these others. But you mustn’t feel bad about it! We want to be here.”
George knew that wasn’t at all what Ashlea had meant (i.e. strangulation, stabbing, drowning, falling from a height…?) but it seemed far more important than the method of death. “Passage paid,” he murmured. “What does that even mean?” And they would go there too? There were worse places to end up…
Coryn just looked at him much in the same way as Anne had – that unexpected glance as though he really ought to know the answer to that question – and Ashlea spoke up. “I think I know. Does it mean that you didn’t have to do anything to get here, to get this body? Amaranthus gifted it, just because he wanted to.”
Coryn nodded approvingly, and George felt the truth of Ashlea’s words as she continued, “And I know what this place is, just like I know who Amaranthus is. It’s the Celestial Realms, isn’t it?” Her face lit up with excitement at the realisation – a most important realisation, he could now see. “And he’s the Eternal One. And all of this is written about in the Book, which I never paid much attention to because I thought it was outdated and just about people who walked around in sandals and only ate fish and bread because they were too poor, and so on. I was going to worry about it when I was old, because I thought there was no point now…”
Although Coryn clearly hadn’t waited until she was old, had she? Death could strike any time, for anyone. He’d never know what his ‘transition date’ was, not until it happened. 
They were in the Celestial Realms. Also known as the afterlife, or occasionally, Heaven. George looked around him with a new fascination. He couldn’t see through most of that golden light, damnation, because he really felt like there was a lot here he was missing just because of his limited human vision. And he really oughtn’t to have thought ‘damnation’ in a place like this, ought he? Oh, dear…
Just then he looked once more into that bright place where he thought there might have been a throne (and where he now truly expected that there was, because he had learned at least that much in Sunday sermons) and while the light seemed to pierce right to the back of his head, it didn’t hurt, and he might have seen the figure of a man…
But then someone tapped him on the shoulder, and suddenly the throne and Coryn and the golden people all receded, and he was back standing somewhat disoriented in the Sleeper chamber, his hand still joined with Ashlea’s and set on the outside of the now-solid capsule.
Bother. They still hadn’t found out how Coryn died. 
16.      Resolution

Ash felt strangely calm. Her cheeks were wet, and she was…happy-sad? Was that a thing? She now understood why people were said to have ‘passed away’ rather than died – because those people in that golden realm weren’t dead. Far from it. “Coryn’s gone, then. I wonder who’s going to tell her family.”
“’Twill be on the news, I expect,” Anne replied, moving away from the capsule and towards the door. Like sleepwalkers (how appropriate!), they followed her out back into the main hall with all the other doors. This one vanished, leaving behind just a sheer expanse of what might have been glass. As Anne had said, you’d only get to see it if you were especially taken there. “Because of the enforcers.”
Ash looked at her blankly. “She was killed by enforcers?”
“Oh, not at all. ’Twas that wicked man with the burning hands, Mortimer. And he killed three enforcers also, so ’twill surely be recorded by their government. I doubt there will be public mourning over Coryn, though, as she was to be executed anyway.”
Ash’s jaw dropped. “She was?”
“Oh, eventually. That enforcer with the infatuation would have tried to prevent it, especially as he’d realised there was no romance between herself and Aras, but ’twould have been taken out of his hands.” Anne shrugged prettily. “All in all, a rather good ending, don’t you think?”
“How is that a good ending?!” Ash shouted. “That’s terrible!”
Anne gave her a hard stare. “’Twas quick. Not everyone’s transition is as quick as an efficiency rifle, Ash. And do you truly think Coryn or any of those others have an ounce of regret at the change?”
“Well, no, but-”
“Then there cannot be a problem,” Anne said briskly. 
There was an awkward, incredulous pause.
“Oh, very well,” Anne said, rolling her eyes. “You may grieve and sob and tear your garb, and so forth. But on my oath, you do it for yourself only. Coryn does not need your grief.”
And that made all of Ash’s expected grief seem yes, a bit silly. “But she’s dead,” she said again. Didn’t Anne get that? “It feels wrong to just…go on.”
“I told you I died, and you do not seem at all upset.”
Now Ash was the one to roll her eyes. This old chestnut again. Yes, Anne seemed unusually cheerful, but that was clearly because she’d finally been allowed to stay in the Mountain. “I’m glad that Amaranthus gave you super-special powers, Anne, and that you don’t have to go home. But you can stop saying that you died. We know you’re right there. What would Elspeth think to hear you say that?”
“I have not told her. Unlike you, she would believe me at once, and be somewhat distraught.”
At being told that her sister was dead…by her sister, who was clearly not dead, nor in a sleeper capsule. “Maybe don’t tell her then,” Ash said dryly. She scrubbed a hand through her hair, sighing heavily. “Deias, what a mess. I’ve never been through so many gateways in my life. Please tell me that we actually did some good out there.”
“You actually did some good out there,” Anne echoed obediently.
Ash rolled her eyes again. Now she was over the shock of the Coryn-Sleeper thing (or still numb, probably, at actually going to the Celestial Realms! It seemed like a really vivid, weird dream that she couldn’t repeat because even in her own mind she sounded crazy) she felt irritable. And hungry.
Meanwhile George was on a completely different train of thought. “What I don’t understand,” he said pensively, “is how all those people are sleeping in here, but experiencing some kind of new life in that…other place, all at the same time. It seems rather improbable.”
“Super-special time travel stuff, no doubt,” Ash said dismissively. “Now can we please have another hotdog? Or even better, some of that lovely fruit from the Mountain of Glass.”
“You just ate,” he said in surprise.
“So did you, but I bet you’d eat again!” And next minute he’d probably start hassling her about her food baby. Luckily he’d never insisted on super-slimness, because she was not that right now.
George looked as though he’d argue, then shrugged. “They were excellent hotdogs, were they not?”
“The best.”
“I have a better idea,” Anne said. “Attend me, my friends, and I shall show you anon.”



The fifth level Mall, Lile

It was well after closing, and where the screams of hundreds of shoppers had sounded mere hours earlier, was now dead silence. A single cleaner-bot hummed around the nonslip floor, sucking up every last speck of ash left behind from the unfortunate incident earlier that day where three brave enforcers had given up their lives. Oh, and some crazy zealot too, but no one cared about her, except that it would take a little longer to clean up the mess.
Even so, the enforcers had made a point of broadcasting her name across all the channels. You had to remind people what would happen if they didn’t stay in line. Everyone would hear it on their links, from the far south right up to the north border.
The cleaner-bot had been programmed to polish to the highest degree, since the Mall’s administrator was determined that no one would be able to tell what had happened here. They hardly needed this kind of bad publicity, especially after that bizarre incident in the viewing theatre a few weeks earlier.
The little round cleaner-bot hummed its way into a sharp corner, bumping fruitlessly at the wrong shaped space in an attempt to get that last bit of rubbish before beginning to morph itself into a point.
Tink. If a cleaner-bot could feel emotions, then it would have felt satisfied as the last little piece rushed up into the device with a brief sound before being caught in the internal compaction unit.
It had been a small, amber hairpin…but there was no one to know, and no one to mourn its loss.

 

Lile city

Daniel was a hero. That was what they’d kept telling him as they’d pinned the bravery award to his chest, generously overlooking the fact he’d allowed his own air vehicle to be stolen by alter-power zealots while in said act of bravery. But then, the man who’d ‘destroyed the octo-monster’ could be forgiven a lot of foolishness. 
Even falling in love with a dead traitor, if anyone else had known about that. 
He wasn’t happy though. He might have got all manner of acclaim because he’d been the one to fire the final, decisive shot, but strangely that felt like it didn’t even matter anymore. Oh, and Coryn was dead. He told himself that he didn’t care, and that she’d been a lying, seditious hacker, but his bruised heart didn’t play along.
That was why he’d made his way to Aras Morison’s old flat. The man had fled a fortnight earlier along with several of his colleagues – in fact, none of the other hacker girls had ever been found – and the apartment stood empty. Entry was forbidden due to high levels of alter-power. The government was thinking of blasting the place, except that several other innocent families lived close in the same building, and it would hardly be fair to them. But still.
Daniel stood outside the entrance, staring at the blank stone wall that hid a secret doorway. It didn’t look or feel like a trick door, except that they’d recorded several people repeatedly running right through the wall, including a child who was now nowhere to be seen. But ever since that day two weeks earlier, the wall had been hard as rock, almost as if you needed a special key to make it open. Or rather more imaginatively, that someone was watching and only operating the ‘on/off’ switch when it suited them to do so.
“Daniel, what are you doing?” he asked himself aloud, slapping his hand against the hard surface.
But then the stone wobbled like jelly and suddenly his hand was going through.
Oh, shi-



Nearby and unseen, a short redheaded girl did in fact operate an on/off switch. And she snickered as she sent the strongly Sec enforcer to the one place that would really change his mind…the Mountain of Glass.
You were thinking it would be a lava pit, weren’t you? But luckily for a lot of people, and most especially for this particular enforcer, Amaranthus was more into restoration than revenge.



Whiteside, Angland, 2013 AD

The dining room table was spread out with a random assortment of junk from Ash and George’s recent shopping trip. Cheap plastic key ring – check. Clear bouncy ball with a snake inside – check. Mini boomerang, mini doormat, mini bird cage – check, check, check.
“By Jove, I love things like this,” George declared. “You did say that the clues to the emblem’s location surely had to be from someone in your own time, or would be indecipherable. And here we are choosing them ourselves!”
“We’re not actually choosing them,” Ash had to point out. “We’re just buying the same things that I already knew I’d bought because that’s what was there, even though I know we all misunderstood the directions at first.” 
Back at the Mountain several days earlier they’d done more than just catch up with old friends (and in Ash’s case, stuff her face with the best mangoes she’d ever tasted). Anne had also pointed out that the clues Trennan had brought Coryn had been rather oddly twenty-first century, had they not? And then it had come down to Ash and George agreeing to actually buy the darned things, so Anne could take them back in time (in the future) and give them to Trennan for him to leave in some filthy alley before being murdered… Lovely. “It’s really a self-fulfilling prophecy. Clue. Thingy.”
“Self-fulfilling prophecies,” George said happily. “The best sort.”
She gave him a narrow glare, but no, he was actually serious. He’d been happy – ecstatic, actually – ever since Amaranthus had created them a direct gateway here, and she’d finally agreed to take a pregnancy test, just to get him to stop looking at her funny every time she ate an extra serving at dinner. George that was, not Amaranthus.
And then the pregnancy test had turned out to be positive. Damn it, she hated it when George was right. Talk about eating humble pie. Except how could she really be angry when he was so very happy? He was strutting about, thrilled that he was going to be a father at the grand old age of twenty-two, and that he’d manage to do this while she’d been on the Pill. And in truth once she got over the shock of it, she found she was a bit excited herself.
They hadn’t told his mother yet. Hadn’t returned to 1818 at all, in fact. But her parents’ reaction had probably clinched the idea that this was a good thing. ‘Oh, of course you’re not too young,’ her mother had scolded. ‘Girls aged fifteen or sixteen have children all the time in other cultures. You’re almost twenty-one, and you’re married. You’re an adult, Ashlea. If you can sow the seed, you can reap the harvest.’ There had been a long pause where Ash had tried to decipher what that meant – surely she wasn’t talking about actual farming – and her mother had added, “You are bringing dear George home to the Southern Isles, aren’t you? Because while we’ll come to visit you, it’s rather expensive, and you were planning on settling here, weren’t you?”
Well, half the time, anyway. After further thought, Ash and ‘dear George’ had decided…not to make a decision. They’d take it month by month, because after all they could travel in between Regency Lunden and Ash’s hometown in mere moments, and in the middle was a place with free hotdogs and where if the trees were flying, no one cared if you did too…
But that was a side issue. Before they went back to the Southern Isles for a surprise visit, they had one more place to go…



Lunden, 1818 AD

“Sssh! You’ll wake them too soon!”
“I’m not the one clomping around like an elephant.”
“Hey! I’m not even showing yet!”
The figures in the bed sat up straight in the dim light. “George, is that you?”
George switched on the torch, directing the beam first at the figure of his blinded brother, then at his own face. “It certainly is.”
Olivia screamed, and Ash knocked the torch away from George’s face. “You look like a ghoul when you do that,” she scolded him.
“What is that thing?” Edward asked hesitantly. “And George, where did you go before? It was as though you just vanished.”
Ash rolled her eyes and walked over to light the nearest candle. “Sorry about this,” she said to an anxious-looking Olivia, who had the bedsheets pulled up to her neck. “But you both should see this. You know, I wasn’t sure if you two shared a bed. But I’m glad to see that you do. That’s good for a marriage – unless he snores, of course, which George does on occasion.”
“Too much information,” George said, looking a little embarrassed.
“Oh. Sorry.” But Ash couldn’t help smiling at his use of that modern phrase.
By then the other two had adjusted to the torchlight, and looked up in confusion at George and Ash, who were wearing very modern clothing and as much twenty-first century gadgetry as they could feasibly fit on themselves.
“I am here to prove to you once and for all that I am not insane,” George said dramatically. “See here the artefacts of a future civilisation.” And then he spread out on the bed the contents of a large bag.
“We already know you’re not insane,” Edward apologised. “We spoke to your wife on that communication device that you left in my study.”
“And we are so dreadfully, dreadfully sorry,” Olivia added in. Then she started to cry. “Oh, it was all my fault.”
“I’m sure it can’t have been all your fault,” Ash quickly corrected. The woman looked so upset, and besides, Ash was of the opinion that blame ought to be shared whenever possible, especially with one’s husband. Just look at her pregnancy for example. “It must have been Edward’s too, at least a little.”
“Let’s not cast blame,” George interrupted irritably. “Except that I’m still put out with both of you, and I need you to take a look at all these things we brought. We made quite an effort, you know.”
“So I see,” Edward said dryly. “Er…you don’t usually dress like that, I hope.”
They all looked down at the silver bodysuit that George had insisted on wearing. They’d got it from the costume shop, and he loved it. And while Ash loved him, she would have to admit that it wasn’t the most flattering on various male…lumps. “What’s wrong with this?”
“Nothing,” his brother replied meekly. “Nothing at all.”
Olivia gingerly picked up a small, thin blue stick. “What’s this?”
“Ballpoint pen,” George told her. “It needs no inkwell, as it holds the ink inside itself.”
“Oh, my.” Olivia looked very impressed. “That sounds very useful.”
“It is,” George assured her. 
“And here is my mobile phone,” Ash said, holding it out to show her in-laws. “See the pictures?” She quickly flicked through some images from a barbeque back at home.
“What’s this one?” Edward asked, picking up a slightly curved black device and holding it to his face. There was a small pop, and a blob of something bluish stuck on his nose. A moment later his eyes rolled back and he collapsed into the pillows.
“Don’t touch that,” George said a moment too late. “How on earth did that paragun get into this bag? I purposely left it behind. It’s not even from the right time period!”
Ash thought of the sneaky smile Anne had worn as she’d waved them goodbye, after they’d dropped off the first bag of oddities with her – the clues to the emblem. “Umm…never mind. He will come ’round, right?”
“Within a minute or two, if we scrape off the gel. Otherwise it’ll take about half an hour for it to disintegrate.”
“Shall we scrape it off, then?” Olivia asked, her expression mildly interested. Perhaps she still held a grudge over her husband’s unfaithfulness, Ash mused, or perhaps she was just in shock, but either way she didn’t look very upset.
Just then there was a knock on the door, and Ash recognised a footman’s worried voice call out, “Everything alright in there m’lady?”
There was a frozen moment where they just looked at Olivia, and mentally prepared to grab up everything and disappear again, but she smiled a little tremulously. “Everything is fine,” she called back. Then to George she said, “Is there any chance I could borrow that device? It seems to have its uses.”
“Uh…I think you’d better not.”
“Well, that is a shame. It seems a perfect way to win arguments.” She smiled hopefully. “Does this mean we’re forgiven?”
“You’re forgiven,” George said staunchly. “But for heaven’s sake, no more doctors, asylums or poking fun at my wife for not being normal.”
“Hey,” Ash interjected.
“I am sorry,” Olivia said again. “But…”
“Yes?”
“Would you mind awfully leaving my bedroom? It is the middle of the night, and I’m hardly dressed for company.”
“Of course.”
And as they set down the hallway and back to their own room with George chastely wrapped in a blanket for the sake of the servants and his own dignity, he commented, “You know, if Edward was to have a child too in the near future, say a boy, and ours is a girl – or the other way around – they’d be of suitable age to get mar-”
“Do not,” Ash cut in with a finger held sharply in the air, “set your child up with their own imaginary first cousin, unless you really want grandchildren born with extra thumbs.”
“It’s not that bad,” he began, then grinned suddenly. “I was just teasing you. I promise I won’t try to betroth our child to their own first cousin, especially since they’re only the size of a peanut. But does this mean you don’t mind staying here for a while?”
“Not at all,” Ash replied serenely. “We’ve got a way straight back to the Mountain and to my home now. But there’s just one thing I would ask.”
“Anything.”
She smiled. “Never, ever ask me to do embroidery.”
Epilogue

Blood. Throughout history people had always recognised that blood held power, whether through sacrifices or through revenge or family feuds…or through blood pacts for friendship. 
Death magic was very powerful, and the death of an innocent even more powerful. The voluntary, sacrificial death of an immortal innocent was the most powerful of all. In this particular case, the power created from one single death in the middle of human history was enough to write ‘passage paid’ on every single sleeper capsule in existence.
Ah, dying was never fun, but it was worth it for this kind of outcome.
Amaranthus quietly studied the newest sleepers on his ship. He could see them appear, pop pop pop; dozens every second, and he knew each and every one of them. And even now he could literally see them all on their way to his home, see their happiness. It wasn’t an imagination or hope for him, it was reality. He could already see and experience the future because he was already there. That was what it meant to be eternal. And the humans got all flustered over a little time travel?
Speaking of flustered, there was one person that never got that way, no matter the circumstances. It was who they were. Except they weren’t really a person, either...



Near the volcano, Borderlands

With all the chaos and battles of the last few days, no one bothered to clean up the bodies from the minor gunfight not far from the now-empty Compound. One woman’s body lay sprawled outside the bullet-ridden corpse of an ancient railcar, its own form wearing just one single red hole on its smooth forehead.
And in all the chaos, no one looked close enough to see that the red hole had filled in until there was only a smear of blood on otherwise unharmed skin. No one saw the woman’s long brown hair shimmer and then dull to salt and pepper grey, or saw the lines appear around her eyes and mouth as her features subtly changed into something ordinary but unrecognisable. No one saw the now much older woman lurch to her feet, shaky in a new form, and blink blue and yellow eyes in interest.
Well, Shulamithe thought pragmatically, it was hardly worse than running a pregnant form with a grievous throat wound. She stretched, feeling the ache in these unfamiliar limbs, then made her way to the edge of the ravine where she’d earlier dropped the false emblem. But then she hadn’t known it was false, not at the time. She’d only heard the quiet voice of her long distant but not forgotten master, telling her to take the flask from the enforcer and drop it right at that point there. When she’d dropped it, the base of the ravine had roiled with power, looking like firelight through fog. Now it was just plain, empty rock. 
Shulamithe cocked her head as she studied the empty space, listening out for any sounds of movement, or for any sign that Broxa hadn’t been destroyed after all. All was silent, and she knew that wherever Broxa was, it wouldn’t be coming back here again.
 Now that had been an interesting turn of events. Sometimes Amaranthus would give the strangest, most contrary orders, and then the outcome would be marvellously unexpected. At the time she hadn’t thought of what the outcome would be. She’d just felt joy over hearing that voice for the first time in so, so long; ever since she’d found herself on the wrong side of the Rift along with thousands of others who didn’t understand why she was with them, but not quite like them. 
A double agent, and one who was at peace with her role. But when was she never at peace? That was the essence of who she was.
The not-quite-Creature stood at the edge of the empty ravine a few moments longer, pondering her future. If she returned to the Other now, the Tiger might welcome her as an ally. After all, they’d known each other since their creation before time began. But then perhaps it might see the truth. The Tiger always had been perceptive in some things, and daft as a brick in others.
Finally she made a decision, turning to face north and trudging from the valley in these new, borrowed feet. The red cloak this form had so dearly valued lay limp and discarded at the edge of the ravine, and there was no one to see the slight breeze that caught its fabric, lifting it until it fluttered over the edge and disappeared.


Not quite the end…


Dear Reader,

(Contains spoilers)

Well. I hope you liked Desert of Ice, because I sure did. The Desert of Fire-Desert of Ice duo had some of the highest highs and lowest lows in the whole series so far, but I was so, so happy with how it ended up. As always, multiple scenes were based on weird/scary/cool dreams. For example, the scene where Coryn fights the snake in VR and then the octosnagon and firepit near the end, as well as Coryn and Ash fleeing from the Halflings after they first meet. There was also the creepy scene with ‘Cobie’ and the spyglass conduit at Aras’s food cart. It originally had been a lot creepier, but my editor vetoed it. Oh, and the scene where Ash sees the sleeper capsules and the light-world above the city was also from a brilliant, slightly scary dream.
So here’s the thing: the series isn’t over. No, I don’t plan for it to go on forever. But there are a few things that haven’t been tied up: Kamile, Aras and the others who’ve escaped to Erastus, Shulamithe the not-quite-Creature, and how on earth the whole ‘passage paid’ thing works anyway. And then of course there’s Ash and George, who are my favourite characters in the series. (Just like parents aren’t meant to have favourite children, authors probably shouldn’t have favourite characters. But I do.)
The next book, The Hidden Door, ties up the storylines of the above characters. Then there are three more books after that: Whiter than Snow, City of Shadows, and City of Light. These focus on Jon and Elspeth as a starting point, and introduce an entirely new cast of characters and locations as well. Amaranthus and Anne continue as ongoing characters. I’m very fond of these three books as well, and if you liked the first ones, you’ll love these.
Find out more at my website mmarinanbooks.com, or read on for an excerpt from The Hidden Door.

M. Marinan

Series:
The Eternity Stone
Mountain of Glass
Desert of Fire 
Desert of Ice
The Hidden Door
Whiter than Snow
City of Shadows
City of Light
The Hidden Door excerpt

Mountain of Glass. Sometime around 2598 AD… 

Elspeth, formerly of Covington, was on fire. And ’twas not in a manner of speaking, as some might say. She was quite literally on fire: covered in the silvery flame that would destroy evil, but leave anything else untouched. For her, she found it merely tickled.
She stood in an empty area at the inner Mountain’s base. There was smooth rock underfoot, and in three directions. Up ahead on the flat rock wall was carved a target of sorts, with concentric rings, each smaller than the other. She took a deep breath, let the fire swell up until it felt white-hot within her small hand, then launched it towards the central ring.
A silvery stream shot out in front of her, then splashed harmlessly off to the left of the target, dissolving into nothing. “Oh, z’wounds!” she swore crossly. A moment later she recalled she was not alone, and glanced guiltily to one side. “My apologies for my language, Jon. I quite forgot myself.”
“What language?” Jon looked up at her from where he’d been seated nearby, startled.
“Z’wounds. I said z’wounds.” Elspeth felt her cheeks heating. “Oh, and now I’ve gone and said it again!”
“Have you?” Jon raised a brown eyebrow. (Once pale as milk, he’d been slowly darkening to more natural shades. ’Twas a most odd change, but to her surprise, she rather liked the darker version.) “What does it mean?”
“Er…” Elspeth paused. If he hadn’t been offended by her language, it seemed of little value to explain to him why he ought to be. “Never mind. I was merely disappointed at my own lack of aim once again. You would think if Amaranthus gave me a gift, then I would also have the means to use it correctly!”
“Don’t worry, Bets,” Jon said casually, using his usual nickname for her. “It’ll all work out with your, er, invisible flame.” Then he sighed.
 She was mildly offended that yet again, he could not see or acknowledge her gift, but pushed that aside. She’d been born crippled and illegitimate in sixteenth-century Angland, and merely being overlooked was normal enough, even now she was healed and well away from her home time. But even so she felt irritated. But because she was quite infatuated with Jon, she focussed on his sigh. “What ails you? Have you seen something new in the viewing pool?”
At the top of the Mountain of Glass – the City, that was – there was a pool. It could show one literally anything, which Elspeth found quite disconcerting. But Jon spent a great amount of time there, peering at images which she could not see.
“No.” There was a long silence, then he sighed again. “It’s something else. Something – oh look, there’s Anne. She looks to be in a hurry.”
’Twas a clear deflection of her question, but Elspeth found herself turning anyway. And indeed there was her sister just twenty paces away, about to move through an entrance into the inner Mountain itself. She looked to be in a hurry. 
“Anne!” Elspeth called, moving away from her target practice. “Where do you go at such speed?”
“Oh, Bethie. There you are. And with Jon, too.” 
Anne did not say his name with such disdain as she used to. Sometime around six months earlier she had changed, Elspeth knew not why. ’Twas for the good, though. Anne had retained all the good parts of her personality, but had lost her arrogance and irritability. Mostly. 
“I go to see Amaranthus regarding a most important quest. You may come, if you wish.”
Elspeth brightened. She did so like to visit their host; he always made her feel welcome. “And Jon too?”
“Ah, not me,” he said quickly, rising the long distance to his feet. “I’ve um…got to do something.”
How curious. Elspeth waved him goodbye, wondering where he was going, and wishing he would spend more time with her, even if ’twas merely a visit to Amaranthus. But the way Jon had been hinting, she thought mayhap their time was limited. 
“He will be returning home,” Anne said suddenly. “He cannot stay here. Most cannot, as you know it, not in their usual human forms.”
“But we are here, sister,” Elspeth pointed out even as her heart sank. Jon would be leaving. “And Amaranthus promised we should not ever have to return home. You said you could not, remember?”
Anne smiled at her, a glint of something knowing in her dark brown eyes. ’Twas as if she knew some jest that Elspeth did not, and she did not appreciate it. “Indeed you are right, sister. We are here, and we do not ever have to return home. But you shall make yourself another home, and it shall not be here.”
Elspeth screwed up her nose. Had Anne said she would make herself another home? A moment later her imagination pulled up an idea; that of her settling wherever it was that Jon called home. She would arrive at his front door, wearing some lovely garb and bouncing with excitement, and then when he opened his door to see her standing there, he’d beam with unexpected happiness at the wonderful surprise, and say….
“Bethie? Did you hear what I just said?”
“I shall be making another home for myself,” Elspeth replied automatically, shaking herself out of the little daze that had overcome her.
“Indeed, but then I said that we’re going to the Tapestry Room. There is something most important afoot.”
So Elspeth followed her sister into the doorway in the wall, unbothered when it sealed closed behind her. Then another couple of steps, and they were surrounded by light.
The Tapestry Room. Called so because ’twas an enormous round room, with its walls filled with one enormous tapestry, one in shades of grey. She’d already visited here, so she knew that the grey was merely an illusion. In truth ’twas fine threads of black and white, interwoven to create a pattern. Or so one might think. To Elspeth, it had always looked like a right mess. 
The pattern is on the other side. 
The quiet thought came straight into Elspeth’s mind, and she looked about in surprise. They were now standing in the room’s centre. Across the distance they could see a small figure, hovering up near the top of the wall, focused on a tiny piece of the tapestry. Amaranthus looked up and saw them, then crooked his finger. Anne moved towards him, and Elspeth followed. Then-
Whoosh. Suddenly they were standing right next to him, having moved many yards in an instant. Elspeth squeaked in surprise, then realised there was air underneath her feet! Even as she went to panic, Anne took her by the wrist, and her panic settled. No, she could not yet fly, and did not know if she dared try. For now she would simply pretend she stood on a normal surface…
“Look here,” Amaranthus said. He pointed to a tiny white thread on the edge of the tapestry, surrounded by large, black threads that spanned the whole border of the whole room. 
Elspeth paused, waiting for Anne to respond, then realised they were looking at her. “Oh.” She moved awkwardly forward, setting her finger against the tiny thread, and an image of a familiar person jumped out, complete with the very thoughts from their head, shown as though in text. Then she saw where the person was – and ’twas a place unlike she knew existed. Forsooth she did know it existed.
It took a moment to understand what ’twas that she looked at. Once Elspeth realised, she looked up at Amaranthus and Anne, feeling both confusion and dismay. “But that is…”
“Yes,” Amaranthus said solemnly. He wore his small, cheerful form; complete with bald head, bright dark eyes and fine wrinkles. But today he wasn’t smiling.
“But they’re in…that place…”
“Yes.”
He sounded unhappy, Elspeth realised. “But don’t you know everything?” she asked in dismay. “Should you not have anticipated such a thing, and rescued them?”
Amaranthus moved forward, setting his hand on Elspeth’s shoulder, and a sense of peace came over her. I knew. I’m not surprised, since I saw this coming. What good is the tapestry if not for such things? But I also see their pain and fear, and I care for them. That’s why I’m unhappy.
But…but…could they not be rescued?! Even from such a place… “Can we help?”
He was silent a moment. “I will not send anyone in, but there is always a way out,” he said finally. “A hidden door that I created a long time ago, for just this situation. If they search for it, they’ll find it.”
Elspeth pondered that idea. She knew that person, and even though she also knew their current location was about the most dreadful place – in all existence – to be, she also knew they’d be searching. Oh yes, indeed.



“Brilliant! It’s just brilliant.” George leaned forward, the enormous goggles sitting fly-like on his beaming face. He looked rather like a mad scientist off TV, Ash thought, especially with the way his curling blond hair had been blown upright by the forceful spring breeze. “Have you seen this, Ashlea?”
“Mm…yeah. It’s cool, I suppose.”
“Cool!? It’s marvellous.” George’s mouth jaw fell open. “Ooh. Ooh, look.”
“Has he never seen a kaleidoscope before?” Karen O’Reilly whispered in an aside. “We bought it for the baby…”
“No, he hasn’t,” Ash replied, keeping herself from rolling her eyes. Affectionately, of course, since this sort of thing happened often when George was here in her time. “Mum, I told you his upbringing was very…old-fashioned.” Like, two-hundred years out of date, old-fashioned. Literally. 
“Hmm. Well, he is very polite. Where did you say he was from again…?”
Ash coughed a little into her hand. 1818. “A little Anglish town in Leister County. Nowhere, really.” Sort of like the Anglish equivalent of where they were now. They’d gone for a picnic on the riverbank. It was one of those early spring days where the sun showed its face, and so she’d pulled out a wide-brimmed hat, startling her mother who’d never thought she’d see the day Ash voluntarily wore such a thing. They sat on the large rocks at the riverside, with a bag of fresh bread rolls, a bottle of fizzy drink, and some deli salads and meats. Yep, this was luxury alright. George was even wearing jeans with his light woollen sweater. And yes, he looked very good, in Ash’s unbiased opinion.
Fine, so they didn’t have the servants, or the four courses, or the six sets of cutlery from George’s time. But they did have the natural beauty of this green, damp, mountainous land, the convenience of everything being made for them, and of course…kaleidoscopes. Even this sort, which was fancy enough to be in the shape of binoculars.
George was still oohing and aahing, so Ash turned back to her mother. “The baby is the size of a broad bean, Mum. I don’t even have a proper baby belly yet! It won’t be able to appreciate anything like this for years. But at least someone does.”
“Hmm. Well, have you thought of a name? Time flies.”
Ash bit back hysterical laughter. Yes, it does when you’re a time traveller. “We’ve had a few ideas, but haven’t yet agreed on anything.”
“Horatio,” George said suddenly, thus proving that he was listening after all. He lowered the binocular-glasses, smiling at her so that dimple appeared in one cheek. “Or if it’s a girl, Horatia. Now that’s a strong, noble name.”
Eeek. But Ash’s mother came to the rescue. “Perhaps a little dated, George dear. And besides, children can be so cruel with nicknames….”
His strong brow creased in confusion. “What kind of nicknames can come from Horatio?”
Now Ash did roll her eyes. “Just say the first syllable by itself, and you’ll see.”
He actually mouthed it out, then she knew he’d got it when his cheeks flushed pink. “Oh. I say, that’s a bit much. My brother’s middle name is Horatio.”
“Edward Horatio Seymour,” Ash murmured.
“Wow,” her mother agreed. “That is a really Anglish name, isn’t it?”
“Sounds like some kind of lord,” Jacob O’Reilly said from where he stood ankle deep in the river, a long-handled net in one hand. “Ha. Lord Edward Horatio Seymour, at your service.” 
Ash’s father’s Anglish accent was dreadful, but he’d been so close to the mark that she and George exchanged alarmed glances. But no, it had just been a coincidence, she realised. Her father had gone back to focusing on the water and the cockabillies he was trying to catch. He planned to donate the tiny fish to the local kindergarten’s aquarium. 
“By Jove,” George murmured, sidling over to Ash. “Do you think he suspects…?”
“He suspects something,” she murmured back. “That’s the kind of guy my dad is. My whole life he’s been looking into conspiracy theories. Political, alter-power, man-never-walked-on-the-moon, you name it. But I doubt he’d guess the truth on this one.”
The truth being that George didn’t just act like a regency gentleman, he was one. And when Ash went to visit his family at such short notice? She was actually stepping through a gateway in time and space, one that happened to have a supernaturally-charged midpoint now. In fact, their exit was just up the road from this very location. Not that Ash’s parents knew about it. They thought the two had made their way here from the airport. 
Lies were ugly and difficult things, Ash mused once again. But in this case, the truth would be even more difficult.
“You need something classic,” Karen said thoughtfully, having missed their whispered conversation. “Something that would please George’s family, and yet not be out of place here. How about…Anne?”
“Mum, that name is dated,” Ash argued. “It’s practically medieval.” No, really. Anne of Covington was a good friend of theirs, and she was practically medieval.
“No, I meant Anne. Isn’t that your little red-haired friend walking towards us right now? The one you flatted with last year in Angland. I didn’t realise she’d come with you.”
Ash followed Karen’s pointed finger, and saw that indeed, their quiet, green spot on the riverbank wasn’t quite so quiet. A petite figure was strolling towards them on the little used path, her long, paisley skirt just brushing her ankles. Her red hair was tied loosely behind her head, and she wore a zipped up hooded sweatshirt. A tiny, purple-spangled pair of shoes sat on her little feet, and that was how Ash knew it was really her rather than some creepy, evil copy. They’d met more than a few. Any time Anne would travel through time, her clothing would change to fit the time period. But since recently, one thing would never change – those eye-popping shoes. 
“Anne!” Ash cried, jumping up out of her seat and running over to give her smaller friend a hug. “What are you doing here? Is Elspeth here too?” Referring to Anne’s half-sister. She lowered her voice. “Did Amaranthus send you?”
“Squeeze me that hard and you may regret it,” the redhead replied tartly, widening her dark brown eyes. “I’ve just eaten.” Then she smiled. “’Tis good to see you too, Ash. But no, ’tis just me today. Elspeth has gone to Erus Province with Jon.”
“What…where?”
“In the distant future, of course. But pay that little heed, by the by. Amaranthus did send me,” Anne continued, “and ’tis for a reason of grave import.”
Ash paused, translating the old-fashioned Anglish into something logical. She was still stuck on ‘Elspeth went into the distant future’. But then she processed that last sentence, and frowned. “What’s happened?”
Anne turned towards where the others sat or stood near the picnic blanket, watching her curiously. She smiled again, waving, but this time her smile was tight. “Good day, Mrs O’Reilly, Mr O’Reilly. I trust you are well?”
“Well enough, thank you Anne. And nice to see you in person again,” Karen said.
“Lord, she speaks like he does,” Jacob muttered, but Ash saw him studying Anne curiously. “Sounds a hundred years out of date.”
Try five hundred, Ash thought.
“I do apologise for interrupting your leisure, but I bring news. George, if we might speak privately?”
George got up, his eyes widening, and followed Anne off to a space away from the others. Ash followed, because…if it was for him, then she could hear it too. Right?
“’Tis your brother,” Anne said finally. Her expression was sombre. “You must come at once.”



Erastus, north border of the Secular Republic of Lile, 2598 AD

Kamile sat under the shelter of a spreading pine, watching as her sort-of husband swore and tried to grab back the large hammer-gun he’d been using. But the tree, a copy of the very one she sat under, had tangled the tool in its hanging roots and was currently in the process of floating off with it. Aras swore again, then grabbed a handful of the tree roots and dug his feet into the ground, trying to pull the thing down. Enormous, muscular man versus overactive, supernaturally-charged pine tree? Guess which one was winning. Hint: it wasn’t the man.
“Do you want a hand?” she called out.
Aras flicked her a brief glance, blowing aside the lock of blond hair that had fallen over his scowling face. His gaze settled on the bundle in her arms, and one eyebrow raised. “I’ll pass.”
She’d known he’d say no, and didn’t bother arguing. Even if she’d been big and strong like him, instead of literally half his size, and if she hadn’t been recovering from a life-threatening injury, he still would have said no. Besides, what would she have done with Isla?
The baby in her arms blinked as if in surprise, then scowled. Her face might be tiny and squished just like any other month-old child, Kamile mused, but somehow she still looked like her father…
Kamile looked up again just in time to see the pine tree give one last burst of strength and literally soar up into the sky, Aras still hanging onto its dangling roots. Her jaw dropped, and a moment later so did he. He let go, landing heavily on his feet, then fell over backwards with a shower of dirt over his head. He swore again.
Kamile bit back the words ‘are you alright’, since the answer would be ‘grunt’. Tough men didn’t show emotion…except when someone died. 
“It was a nice idea to create a grove of trees outside our new house,” she said instead. “But I think that particular pine didn’t want to cooperate.” Even though Erastus was still in the normal realm, the very atmosphere of this small area was so charged with alter-power that flying trees was the least of the weirdness. On the upside, someone like her with Other blood could also live quite comfortably. 
When she and the others had arrived three months earlier, the locals hadn’t been unfriendly. Aras had found a place quite quickly, simply by looking like the sort of person who could get things done. More recently he’d been hired by the town’s mayor to contain the many flying trees that were becoming a nuisance. It was easier said than done.
Aras climbed to his feet, gesturing at the tree she sat beneath. “I got that one. I’ll get another, once I can find a new hammer-gun.”
He’d quite impressively nailed the first tree down just this morning, creating shade on an otherwise too-warm day. “Maybe it warned the others, and that’s why they gave you trouble,” Kamile joked.
There was a long silence, and she added, “Just kidding. I’m pretty sure the trees aren’t sapient.” She hoped they weren’t. They’d not been here for long, and no doubt there’d be more to see. The tiny town of Erastus was set in a quiet valley, a bit dry except for the wide river that ran down its length. In certain areas the trees had a tendency to roam, and there were these gateways set randomly around the valley. They mostly looked like stone doorframes, and Kamile could sense the Other even from a distance. She didn’t know what was on the other side. Something supernatural. Could be anything.
Just then a shadow passed over her. It was the escaped pine tree, back for a second pass. She could just see the hammer-gun hidden in its dangling roots. Was it loosening? “Hey…”
Then the tool fell. “Look out!”
 It seemed as if it would hit Aras right in the head – in which case she’d definitely say the tree knew what it was doing – but he moved at the last moment and it hit him on the shoulder. She heard the crack of the impact from here, and gasped. “Chaos, are you alright!?” 
Isla let out a startled wail.
Aras shook himself, then bent down to pick up the hammer-gun. He grunted. “It was my left arm.”
The metal prosthetic, that was. “Oh. Good.”
“But if it had hit you or Isla, you’d be dead.”
Probably. Kamile looked up at the sky above warily as if there’d be a whole flock of travelling, violent trees. “Maybe I’ll sit inside,” she suggested.
He grunted. It sounded like agreement. Then he nodded at her, then turned and walked away.
She watched him go with something like longing. She didn’t know where he was going. It didn’t really matter, but the fact he hadn’t said anything just confirmed they didn’t have a relationship. Just a baby, and a shared history, and two dead friends that had meant a lot to them in different ways.
Well, Coryn had meant a lot to both of them. Kamile was pretty sure Aras didn’t give a damn about Trennan, except that Coryn had been in love with him, and therefore not with Aras. That was how they’d got in this whole situation, in fact. One hundred years ago…or just under one year, but it felt like longer…they’d been living with the Chosen, a group of people who’d made their home on the borderlands between the normal realm and the Other, supernatural realm. Dangerous since they were living in a stringent secular republic, but there it was. The custom among their people was to handfast with the intention of having children. One year of faithfulness, no unpleasant long-term attachments. Except, presumably, for the children.
Kamile had never questioned the idea, not until she’d found out that the leadership of the Chosen – both Other and human – weren’t good at all. No, they were very, very wicked. Then she’d decided that if the people making the rules were actually evil, then she oughtn’t to be following those rules.
She got up carefully, shifting Isla to one arm as she did so. The movement made the wound at her throat tug again. In these recent months it had progressed from ‘horrendous and almost fatal’ to ‘horrendous and uncomfortable’ which she figured was a step up. Even here in Erastus, where some of the locals were weird, she still got a few strange looks. So although she was almost alone here at the edge of the valley, she still shifted her scarf to cover her neck.
The house was built of huge sheets of metal. Three small rooms, plus a primitive bathroom detached from the house, and the whole of it raised up on an enormous, thick metal pillar. Cheap. Mostly safe. Apparently the river was prone to flooding every ten years or so, and raised houses were standard. The inside of the house was sparsely furnished, since they’d literally arrived with the clothes on their back, but given enough time they’d make it nicer. Or she would, Kamile thought as she carefully climbed the metal steps. She didn’t know about Aras, or even if he’d still be here in two weeks’ time when their year of handfasting was up.
All she knew was that at the last Summer Solstice, he’d wanted to handfast with her dear friend Coryn. But Coryn hadn’t been so keen – for some reason not finding the giant, impressively muscular Aras as attractive as Kamile found him – and so Kamile had stepped in. She’d offered to handfast with Aras for a year instead, and he hadn’t pulled out. No double meaning there, even though the one time they’d slept together, she’d got pregnant.
And then she’d discovered that the Fey weren’t the only Other-dwellers There was another place, one full of life and purpose. Oh, and then the Chosen Elders had killed Trennan and tried to murder her, and a somewhat helpful Fey called Shulamithe had possessed her body just long enough to keep her alive. And then she’d been rescued, sort of, and Coryn had been killed too, and then…
Kamile sat down on the edge of the house’s metal frame with a bump. Isla’s tiny face screwed up again, and she let out a hearty wail. 
“Ooh, is she hungry? Can I feed her?”
Kamile glanced behind her to one of the house’s other occupants. “Oh hi, Poli. I thought you were still out with Magdalene.”
Poli came to sit beside Kamile, stretching out her arms. She was only fourteen, auburn-haired and freckled and round-faced, but she was several inches taller than Kamile. But wasn’t everyone? “I was, but then she wanted to go see her friend.” The redhead screwed up her nose, but kept talking as she took Isla. “She met him at school the other day, but I didn’t see who he was. Then today, when I asked if I could come to meet him, she acted all cagey. Said they had plans.”
Magdalene, or Mags, was also fourteen, although shorter than Poli and brunette. She was also a refugee, just like Kamile and Aras and many others, and she was dealing with the upheaval in her own way. Even though they’d done their best to fit into this new town, enrolling in their version of school and living here with Kamile, who they’d known for some time, and visiting the River frequently, it was still hard. Kamile could see it in Mags’ moodiness, and Poli’s clinginess. But they didn’t have anyone else. Even before they’d fled their old home in Lile’s capital city, they’d been orphans in the care of the state. Along with Aras’s son Ric, that meant a very full house right now.
“We’ll ask her about it when she comes home,” Kamile said instead. “Shall I get a bottle?” Part of the issue with her almost-dying, and so forth, was that bottle feeding seemed a darned sight easier than the alternative.
Poli leaned over the baby, making cooing noises. “Do you want a bottle, Isla Coryn? Do you-urgh.” The baby had made another scowling face, then an intense noise came from somewhere around the other end of the parcel, and her expression settled. “I think she needs her nappy changed.”
Which Poli was rather less happy to do, Kamile thought wryly as she took her daughter back. And she’d had another realisation. “She looks grumpy when she needs the toilet,” she said with some humour. “Perhaps that’s why Aras always looks grumpy too, hmm?”
Poli laughed, and Kamile set herself to finding the washcloth. She had to take her fun where she could find it.



Before the Rift

The sun was coming up. From up here, the planet below looked like an enormous, dark blue pearl, with the cloud cover swirling in pale curls on its surface. The early light shone along one curved horizon, highlighting its curve with gleaming gold. Mixed with the natural glow from the alter-power saturating this world, it was stunning. She had seen it before – every twenty-four hours, in fact – but she never got tired of the view.
“Look, here it comes,” she breathed aloud.
And then the planet turned, and she let herself be pulled with the gentle orbit. And then the sun ‘came up’ in earnest, an intense blue-white light streaming over this previously darkened area. It lit up oceans, continents, green and brown and gold. If she squinted, she could just make out the details of forest and tiny figures moving on its surface. 
“Beautiful,” she announced with satisfaction. She moved one arm gently to the right, turning her whole body to face her companion where he floated next to her in the no-longer darkness. “Isn’t it beautiful, Bright?”
Bright shrugged one faintly speckled, shining shoulder. He gleamed like a tiny sun himself, or like the burning metallic heart of the planet below. But his gleam was all alter-power, not physical stuff like some others in this realm. That was how they were made. “It still doesn’t compare to home, Peaceful.”
“It’s not home,” Peaceful said in confusion. “So of course it’s different. It’s new.” She glanced behind her, at the rectangular doorway open in the starry space behind them. It led directly to home, to their universe that shone far more brightly than even the small sun of this world, and they could return quicker than a thought. But why would we do that? We chose to come here with the master, for the joy of it. For the joy of discovery, obedience, of aiding these weak ones here-
No.
That one thought shot straight through from Bright’s mind to hers, quiet but clearly heard. It was so contrary to everything she knew, everything that was true, that for a moment she was speechless. She gave him her full attention, probing his consciousness gently for more information. But except for that single syllable, he was silent.
Strange. No one was ever silent. How had he done that? “Is all well?” she asked aloud, thinking even as she said it that it was a…wrong question. How could anything not be well? Bright was the most beautiful, most powerful person she knew, except for the master, of course. He had honour and authority, and everywhere he went, others smiled and bowed. He had position only next to the master, and she’d loved and honoured him as a brother and a friend for aeons.
She floated around him, trying to catch his golden gaze. Bright?
But he wasn’t looking at her. “Do you see that creature down there, Peaceful? The one that looks like me.”
Peaceful followed the line of his thoughts, right down to the world’s surface, through a thick layer of damp green foliage. There, on the forest floor, lay a made creature. This was four-legged and long-bodied, with a thick coating of orange and white fur striped with black. Its ears were round and set on the top of its head, and it had a long, lushly furred tail that twitched as it playfully rolled on its back.
“I see it,” she agreed doubtfully. “But it is like you in shape only. You do not have fur, and it has stripes where you are spotted.” Spots that each shone like tiny gems in his metallic hide, in fact. Peaceful stretched out her own blue arm, faintly marked with horizontal lines of darker blue. “You might say that I look like the creature also.” 
That was intended as a joke, since with her waving tendrils, fins and differently placed limbs, she looked the farthest thing from the furred creature. But Bright didn’t smile. “Why has he made these weak things, Peaceful? Their minds are so simple. They’re messy, and pointless.” He nodded at another area on the planet below. “And let’s not mention those ones.”
But he already had. The other made creatures also looked nothing like him. They had four limbs, but they stood upright on the two lower legs, and the two upper limbs functioned as arms like her own. They were straight and tall, with round-eared heads sitting on strong necks, and faces that didn’t resemble either hers or Bright’s.
But they did look like someone else. The Unfading One…their master.
If the master was the colour of dirt, with the barest hint of power or light, Bright said derisively directly to her mind. He could have done better. How about this?
Then after a brief few seconds his form molded and changed into something different. Something like the creatures below, and like the master, only not. The two legged, two-armed form was shining and beautiful and a little speckled, and when Bright raised a new eyebrow, she could see the hint of fang through his parted lips. 
“Ooh. I don’t like that at all,” Peaceful said vehemently. “Change back, please.”
Bright shrugged, and a moment later he was in his usual form. “You didn’t know I could do that. If those dull creatures can be like the master, then so can I. Only better.”
Peaceful couldn’t disagree. He was superior to the dirt-beings in every way…except one. The master had chosen them quite deliberately. He’d made them to look like him. And because they looked like him, they had value just as did Peaceful and Bright and all of the others who came from their home, and who still lived there. And that meant that something about Bright’s attitude felt…wrong.
Wrong? How could he ever be wrong? He’d never been before, she mused. But before she could dwell on that any further, she heard the master’s voice, speaking their names in the old language. Shulamithe(Peaceful), Beraht(Bright).
She straightened, forgetting her friend and eagerly focusing on the call. Coming! 
And she never saw how behind her, Bright-Beraht hadn’t followed. And within his shining chest there was a patch of darkness over his heart, one that was growing…
