Starbreakers 1: 
Dignity


The human wore a pensive expression as he observed the marbled atmosphere from the window. Azure blue spilled into viridian green into the deepest of cobalts like inks bleeding through water, stirred by a painter’s brush. They tinted his skin the colour of a batthan, eyes two chips of opaline. With the way he tucked his hands behind his back he appeared to be an ex-military man turned to business with the same cold precision. That, or there was more martial interest in this endeavour than Venn Lindholm was letting on.
“I have to ask,” said Julien, remaining on the other side of the imitation wooden desk. “Why me?”
The man turned, a scrap of silver hair swept over to cover the place where it thinned. When he smiled the lines around his mouth deepened into trenches. “I did not take you for a modest man, Mr Solokov.”
Julien snorted, hands clasped in front of him to give him something to hold onto. “I have healthy amount of self-respect, make no mistake.” He licked his lips, considering the room around him. It was likely that there were hidden cameras but he could not be sure. “I do not think I am someone who would flag on your radar, however.”
“You sell yourself too short. I happen to know that you are comfortable with machines. That makes you ideal for the task.”
Various frames on the wall displayed old relics: a huge mobile phone with a black and white screen, coins in nickel and brass bearing scripts he did not recognise, plans from what appeared to be an original Victos II-907 model of which it was impossible to find even a scrap on the black market, and samples of differing soils from a multitude of planets across the galaxy. Encased in display cabinets were skulls of small rodents increasing in size, the largest nearly the width of a human’s; what Julien thought might be a boxy old game console from an earlier period of humanity, and an assortment of other paraphernalia kept by an eccentric old man with too much money to know what to do with it. 
“Is there reason you could not discuss loaning the item from the museum?”
Lindholm smiled. “Sometimes people without the expertise do not recognise a particular piece’s worth, yes? In the interest of having it displayed for the price of a ticket they would close it off from further research. It saddens me, but what am I do? I feel that the overall benefit to further studying this object outweighs the small, hm, infraction that must be committed. Think about what we could learn of our ancestors.”
Julien refrained from saying that a man such as Lindholm could likely buy every available ticket for the next year, clamping his teeth together to prevent the words from spilling out. In the end he was no in position to wax lyrical on morality, given that he was willing to take the job if it meant getting paid. Only a rich man could afford to have stiff morals, although he found they seldom did.
“I am sure it is of vital importance to humanity.”
Lindholm’s eyes lit up. “Yes, you understand me. See, I did consider other sources for this job but I just knew it had to be one of us, yes? As one man to another, we have an understanding of the importance of history. How it has shaped our environment to the point that we can look out over the city like this.” He swept a hand across the panorama of his window. “They say humans are too short-lived to ever make progress but I think it is the opposite. To be aware of your own mortality is to always be chasing a piece of eternity. That is why humans are innovators, cogs ever spinning in the great machine that is progress.”
Julien watched a Stratus-350 thread its way along the guiding road marking a safe trail through the sky, disappearing behind a gleaming glass monolith which reflected the inkwell of the night. Tiny lights marked its outline to prevent any unwanted collisions, blinking like eyes ever watching. In a city as big as Krizsalizs the traffic was a constant flow, gushing like a river as it raced down the tumble of hills towards the sea, much unlike the circadian rhythms of the smaller settlements he had witnessed as a boy. 
“What do you say, Mr Solokov?” Lindholm turned to him. “I foresee great benefits to this partnership, don’t you?”
Julien studied him for a moment, all six foot of lumbering flesh stuffed into a casing of wool and silk, surrounded by a collection of monuments to the past. Whether he truly was a progressive, or merely a preserver of the past, it mattered little. Quashing the voice of protest in his head, Julien tapped his index finger to his heart, an expression amongst humans of an honest deal.
“I will take job,” he said.
Lindholm’s grin slid across his face. “Excellent. I am most pleased to be working with you.”
Julien only nodded in response.

*

Julien spoke the language of machines. People in their myriad forms were often closed off to him, unpredictable in their behaviour and speech, too many factors for a precise calculation to ever yield any worthwhile results. In contrast machines spoke one clean language and responded to the chain of commands in the way they ought. An error was exactly that: a mistake which had to be reprogrammed. Corrected. There was something comforting about the invariability; about the foresight of knowing the expected outcome and how to reach that point.
So perhaps Julien didn’t get out much. In a heavily polluted atmosphere like Krizsalizs that was probably better for his health, anyway. That, and he could never be sure whether the next camera he narrowly missed might be the one to cost him his freedom. It wasn’t like he was someone important, that he was worth watching, but it cost them nothing to put a flag on the system just in case. And wouldn’t that just be the bitter bookend to his life, to be the rusty rivet which brought the 350 crashing down to the ground?
The money for the Lindholm job could buy him the freedom to get out of this miserable hive of a city and the prying eyes of the UF. Maybe he could finally get around to that reinvention he had promised himself the last time he ran away, lofty dreams dragged down by the leaden realisation that there was nowhere in the Seaglass Nebula he could go where he could find shelter from the UF’s forces, nor was there some idyllic place where he might know a semblance of peace. 
You don’t find peace, came a voice, eerily cold like Mischa’s. You claw it back with bloody hands.
Well, Mischa could go and fuck himself as far as Julien was concerned.
“Let’s see,” he said to himself, scanning the employee records for the museum. His choices were limited given that few places wanted to hire squishy humans as guards but it was his safest option for infiltration. He hardly had the expertise to play curator, and besides, Krizsalizs’ Museum of Galactic History and Culture had a rather infamous hydrin for a curator, so that option was out. No, if Julien wanted to be able to move freely through the building then he needed the security access.
“Dirk Hagen, hm.” Swiping the holographic sensor, Julien pulled up an image of a man approximately his height, a little more built but nothing that would look too significant if he wore padded clothing. Glasses and mousy brown hair. Shorter than Julien’s but he could tuck it back. Yes, he thought he could make it work.
“Dirk? Do I sound like a Dirk?” he said, cutting out the image to doctor onto a fake ID in the style of the museum’s. “Maybe I should change name?”
The cursor blinked back at him, the only sound in the room the grainy hum of the processor in the corner. Julien couldn’t afford a monitor so he had his display projected on the back wall of the tiny one room apartment he rented forty-six floors up on the western most of the Rizslik Towers. Beyond the window he could see the kaleidoscope of colours from the polluted atmosphere of the planet Khakunn and the tangling neon wires of the guidance roads at various levels from city canopy all the way down to the floor, augmented across his window.
This was Krizsalizs, one of the shining jewels of the United Federation’s crown and main port on the planet of Khakuun. As far as Julien knew it had been a barren wasteland until the hydrins had discovered a well of aetornium to be mined, leading to a campaign to terraform the planet into what had becoming something of a thriving metropolis, if a twisted, tangling behemoth of ugly towers which had sprung from the grey rock. He had no love for the city but at least he could buy cheap parts on a black market which had crept into the cracks and crevices of Krizsalizs like the damp in his walls, too resolute to ever be fully stamped out by the UF forces.
The printer whined until he gave it a good kick, then chugged and spluttered its way through the creation of his new ID, vibrating with such force that it rattled the floor. A muffled voice called from beneath his feet, his downstairs neighbour jamming her broom against the ceiling, but Julien merely stamped his foot a couple of times until she fell quiet again. He rummaged through the set of drawers he had filched from the dump on Rizikar Street, removing a pair of spectacles and settling them on his face. Plastic lenses, embedded with some basic AI technology. An artificial emblem of a past long gone, recycled. Out of all the surgeries getting the eyes fixed was one of the cheapest. Even the jhiko who patrolled the city floor offered it in the back shops of their prosthetic parlours and ink shops. 
Julien found that he didn’t mind them. Another shield to hide behind. To hinder the facial recognition technology built into Krizsalizs’ camera network. To distort his appearance a little further and separate him from the place from which he had come. “Maybe I am Dirk who wears glasses.”
The printer chugged like his old deadbeat Ikris-73 then began to shriek. A red warning light flashed. Jam. Julien cursed and gave it another emphatic kick, then another when that had no effect. “Get to work,” he said. “Don’t you know if you don’t print you don’t eat?” The third kick reverberated down his toes and he hissed. It didn’t really hurt but it was vindicating to express pain outwardly, watching the printer carefully as the light flickered amber and then back to green, reluctantly chugging on.
By the time it had finished Julien had finished his plan. He swung in his chair to take the small piece of plastic which was the ID card, grimacing at the streaky line through the perfect mock up. Scanning it on the Tokkit attached to his wrist, he examined Dirk Hagan’s details on the screen and considered the type of man to earn himself a security gig when he lacked carapace or scales or fangs or anything that would make him remotely intimidating. 
Krizsalizs was hardly just a hydrin city any more but Julien couldn’t help wonder how humans came to find themselves there all the same. “Wherever the wind blows,” he said to himself with a little smile and then dragged himself off to his cot for a few hours of sleep before the time to initiate his plan.
In the glowing hours of acid green dawn Julien rose to dress himself in all black, knotting his long hair and tucking it up beneath a hat to disguise its true length. ID pinned to his front and then covered with his coat, the last thing he did was slip on the glasses which transformed him from Julien Solokov to Dirk Hagan. With one last check of himself in the greasy reflection of his Tokkit screen, he was out and riding the clanking lift into the bitter embrace of the city.
In these parts Krizsalizs was a dark, dingy, smog-filled vent of intersecting streets caged in on all sides by towers and their ugly surgeries; deformed, lumpen additions extending at odd angles, and spilling into any available space. This far down the cars didn’t go, for anyone who was forced to traverse the shadow-steeped roads of concrete and tarmac could not afford to lift themselves from it, and so the streets had grown tighter and tighter as the surrounding buildings spilled over their parameters like sagging flesh over waistbands. It was a city that ground against itself, the hydrin clashing with the human, with the creeping press of the wroxhans, and even the skittering feet of the omo minority. But if there was one thing Krizsaliz had going for it, it was that it was nearly impossible to stand out enough to draw attention.
It didn’t take long to reach his destination. According to the security footage Dirk stopped at the same place every morning before his shift, just a street away from the museum on its sprawling platform complex at 100 level where he would fuel up on cherry coffee double shot with a dash of cream. Julien appreciated the consistency of it all. It was something so few people seemed to get these days, perhaps because circadian rhythms had collapsed in favour of constant availability. Even during the deepest blue of the night the city still hummed with life, cars hurtling across the spiderweb of roads, always on the clock. 
And just as predicted, a man named Dirk Hagan exited beneath the gleaming Grind Time sign in the early hours of a celadon post-dawn and checked his watch, the lights on the sign reflecting off a set of spectacles. There was nothing distinctive about his face, a pleasant arrangement of features like an a bouquet of peonies on a side table, forgotten as soon as the eye carried on. Barely anyone spared him a glance, other than a lumbering old najari who nodded to him in recognition. The momentary distraction was the perfect moment for Julien to slip into the crowd milling on the open boulevard, tailing Dirk on his way to work.
From the coffee shop the man always took a left and cut up the winding alley of Szidyl Lane, a narrow trench carved between two mammoth housing blocks lacking in both character and style but making up for it in volume. Julien kept his steps light as he followed, moving like a shadow. Should anyone spot them they might do a double take to see two men identical on first glance, the differences only revealing themselves upon closer inspection, but Julien wasn’t about to give them the chance.
Pulling a dart missile from the man-sized rucksack he was using to imitate the man, he upped his pace just enough to get in range and then fired at an exposed strip of skin on the back of his neck. Dirk didn’t even let it stop him from his programmed routine, slapping at himself as if he had been stung by a particularly pervasive mosquito. A few steps later he slowed, sluggish. His hand pulled away from his neck to reveal the tiny dart and he staggered, looking around himself. “What? Who’s there?”
Julien stepped from the shadows, smiling as the man’s eyes widened behind his glasses. He wondered what it felt like, to be struck down by your own doppelgänger. To look into your reflection as it prowled towards you, your vision blurring just enough for fear to paste over the discrepancies like Julien’s tucked hair, or slightly thinner face. Before Dirk could crash to the ground Julien caught him by the elbow, peering into his face just as the light blinkered out behind his eyes. The man slumped to the ground.
Surprisingly heavy, Julien puffed as he dragged him behind the communal bins set out in a small courtyard for the housing complexes. Tucking his flopped arms over his chest, he dusted off his hands and then wiped his spectacles. “Do not worry, Mr Hagan,” he murmured. “You will be awake by dusk to continue your routine tomorrow.”
With light steps he made his way towards the light at the mouth of the alley, mind already on the task ahead. Such a rare and priceless relic would be well protected to prevent people just like him who planned to steal it. However, it had already been made pride of place as part of their new display, and that pride was just another predictable factor for Julien to exploit. There wasn’t a being alive that could resist a shiny bauble, apparently.
He had just stepped into a swath of green light when he heard the click and humming whine of a pep firing up. His blood froze before Julien did, hands rising to either side of his head. Was he really so unlucky to be robbed on the day he had ventured out to complete a job? The irony was a punch to the gut.
“Dirk Hagan,” said an accented voice. “Stay where you are.”

*

“Do you have an interest for artefacts? I happen to have one of the finest collections on Krizsalizs.”
Mazhnaw eyed the human warily. Retracting her hand from the glass cabinet displaying an assortment of animal skulls, she turned to the ugly pink face watching her with interest. Krizsalizs was hardly a human dominated city but they always had a way of making it seem like they owned any place they considered their domain, never shy about inspecting her with eyes like tiny chips of stone. Shifting from one foot to the other, she gazed back at him until his mouth pinched and he returned to staring at the city skyline through the massive window lining the back of his office.
To Mazhnaw it seemed like a security risk to open himself to such exposure but she supposed that was likely the point. Historian and collector he might have been, but the man was clearly wealthy enough to own such a lucrative trading business, with the gleaming property high up in Krizsalizs’ strata to demonstrate it. Such ostentation was at war with the principles with which she navigated her tasks that it left her agitated, too aware of the ways in which she and this human differed.
It is because they live such short little lives, Hrazhka had said to her once. They wear such colourful plumage like the wratji so that they might summon a mate and surround themselves in shiny carapace like the nhazhwa so that they might survive entanglements with predators. They create their symbols and wave their flags and name everything after themselves so that they might live on in memories after they are long dead.
Given the name in huge letters outside the building: Lindholm & Silva, Mazhnaw could see just accurate that was. Overcompensation. It was a shame that these humans did not understand the joy of the clan, the simple purpose in working in collaboration towards the growth and prosperity of a larger community. 
“I must admit, I have never met an anorizkan before,” the human continued. “It truly is an honour.”
Mazhnaw said nothing, observing the cars flying at different levels around the twisting rivers of light which guided them. Red, blue, green. Strands to separate people into their layers. To cut them off from the natural growth of their networks like severing the roots of a tree; without it the tree could not access the required nutrients and would soon wither and die, quick to succumb to the elements. It was no wonder that the peoples occupying Krizsalizs and the towering cities of its ilk moved in unnatural stillness, dead eyed and robotic as they wound their way through pre-programmed routes day after day after day. 
What a strange, alien place this city was. Like all cities within the UF’s jurisdiction, it seemed.
“Sorry, is my translator working okay?” The man tapped his inner earpiece. “Can you understand me?”
“This one understands,” said Mazhnaw.
“Ah, good. Good.” He flashed his teeth; a human gesture which she never quite understood, for nothing about his posture indicated that he was happy or relaxed as had been in her reading. “Well, you come highly recommended so I am assured that I can rely on you to fulfil this task. I trust it will not be too… taxing on you? Culturally speaking, that is?”
Mazhnaw stared back at him, wondering if there was indeed a problem with the translator which converted his human speech into her native khrazhnian. For all that the Glozz translators contained an exhaustive list of languages across the galaxy, there were always going to be certain nuances and idioms which did not translate cleanly. 
“This one will fulfil the duties of the contract,” she said. If he knew anything of her reputation then he should know that once a Krazhni gave their word it was as good as law. To break a vow was as good as to turn one’s back on their clan. It would be inviting punishment from the Rhazhka, breaking oneself from the cycle of Arazhmazh. Mazhnaw would die before she would remove herself from the permanence of the universe.
“I am pleased to hear those words,” said the human, turning back to her. “Is there anything I can do to assist you?”
Mazhnaw hummed, throat vibrating the negative tone. When no recognition appeared on his face she was forced to rely on speech. “No, this one will take care of things.”
The man extended a hand. Mazhnaw looked at it. With another smile he retracted his hand and nodded. “Yes, yes. Very good. Please report back to me once you have acquired the artefact. It is of most vital importance to my research.”
Before he had finished his sentence Mazhnaw was already gone.

*

Over the years Mazhnaw had learned to silence the voice of doubt in her mind. She had almost grown a little too good at it for comfort, cutting off that connection to her old self in much the same way as she had been severed from the hive of the Krazhni. There were days when the silence felt deafening, like the great roar of the ocean as it battered against the cliffs of the ytezhar on mahazhni, or the unbearable clunking from the engine on the Keplin V which had brought her to this hollow carapace of a city. There were days when it felt like wondering through an abandoned colony, a graveyard for the shuffling, disconnected souls which shambled through Krizsalizs’ tangled circuitry. 
If she let herself dwell then Mazhnaw could lose herself to the guilt of the creature she had become. No longer was she a being who served the clan and the higher purpose of the Arazhmazh. Now she was a shell. A vessel, for little more than violence and vengeance. Perhaps there was a road somewhere along the route of her life down which she might have turned, some way back to herself. But if such a path had been open to her, it had long passed her by.
So Mazhnaw scouted the museum from the block opposite, adjusting the goggles she had been given by her newest contractor to allow her to zoom in on targets. It was a standard building, constructed in layers of a material that shone like glass, but was far stronger, a polymer developed by one of the many TIC subsidiaries which dominated most UF planets known as astraca. Shaped in layers to create a ballooning dome, the building in of itself was something of an art piece, drawing the eye away from the clean, sharp lines which marked architecture of the NE-120 platform.
Guards patrolled the circumference of the building, a series of scanners within to mark out any guests with a less than noble pursuit than learning more of the UF’s culture and history. Mazhnaw had some experience with breaking into high-tech security but it required more time and planning. Preferably more resources. 
For reasons unknown to her this artefact had the human particularly jumpy. He had been emphatic about the tight timescale. Any protests had quickly steeled his spine, eyes turning hard as he insisted that, no, he would not be giving her any more time. She could take the job or he would find someone else to do it. Ordinarily Mazhnaw would have simply walked away but the money was too good to turn away from. With this money she could see about purchasing passage beyond the murk of the Seaglass Nebula and from there, well. Another road to take was no bad thing.
Mazhnaw would consider what she really wanted once that road was open to her.
In the end she settled for a cruder way of accessing the building: she would find one of the security personnel and threaten them until they did her bidding. At this point her sins were so numerous that adding one more to the tally was unlikely to knock her any further off balance than she had already found herself. The price was worth the cost she would have to pay.
This one is not fond of cost. Cost is a human term which has bled into our lexicon in thanks to the UF station. To put it in the way of the Krazhni, Mazhnaw should consider this matter as one of balance. For every action there is consequence. Consider consequence additional weight, pulling you down. Mazhnaw could see the ripe flesh of the plum clutched between four fingers. It rolled back and another was plucked from the tree, hand dropping another increment. How much of this weight can your soul bear? Can you carry that weight around with you, always? 
“The weight can never be shed,” Mazhnaw said to herself as she prowled the alley she had decided upon. It would not be long before her prey arrived and then she would have her way into the back of the museum. She had been careful to pick someone with seniority. The fact that he was human was merely a coincidence. 
Mazhnaw heard his steps before she saw them, light and rhythmical. They were always so rhythmical, these humans. Like clockwork. She had once seen a wind-up toy in her time amongst them, remembered the crank-crank-crank of the mechanism before it rattled off, mouth clanging as it bumbled along the table. This human in particular kept to such a neat rhythm that she could count down his steps. There. A dark head of hair tucked into a hat, clad in uniform.
Waiting for the perfect moment, Mazhnaw leapt from the balcony and aimed her pep, the gun whirring as it fired up. “Dirk Hagan,” she said. “Stay where you are.”
The human’s shoulders bunched as he flinched, hands slowly rising. Suddenly he flicked his wrist and a blinding light beamed from the device on his wrist. Mazhnaw hissed, blinking past the floating lights to see him dashing away from her. But humans were slow and Mazhnaw was used to hunting. Unlike him she was not confined to the ground, latching into the wall and scaling her way along from above, the suckers at the ends of her fingers aided by a sticky secretion allowing the grip and dexterity she needed to leap and catch herself, all the while keeping an eye down below for the scurrying figure.
Catch and release. Catch and release. Her muscles burned with a pleasant ache at being able to move this way after so long confining herself to the floor. There. All rhythm had fled him, now an ungainly wheel of limbs. Mazhnaw braced herself for the final leap, soaring through the air before the tug of gravity pulled her down. With a roll she landed right in front of him, sealing him off from the bright lights of the boulevard beyond. 
The human froze for a moment before he was moving again, a pep in his hands. Mazhnaw levelled her own back at him, the pair locked in an impasse as they stared one another down. She bared her teeth at him with a snarl, unwilling to consider herself an equal of this pitiful creature. If it came down to it her reflexes were quicker, her strength enough to crush him like the wriggling worm that he was, but to her chagrin he did not appear to be afraid.
Instead his brows were pulled low, jaw clenched. His hands never wavered, the pep aimed right between her eyes, and if betting wasn’t a sin to the Krazhni she would be willing to wager that he was just as steadfast with his gun as he was with his routine. More brown than the pink of the relic collector, he was a scrawny thing with a narrow face, a pair of spectacles perched on a long, straight nose, and his eyes were the swampy colour of the jhazkhrar during the torrid months, and as cold and hard as chips of flint used for ignition.
“I’m not worth chasing,” he spat. “You’ve got wrong man.”
“This one makes no mistakes,” said Mazhnaw. “Come, this can be made easy or it can be difficult.”
“I have no money.”
“This one has other ways of obtaining money.”
There was something behind his gaze that went beyond simple fear or anger. “What are you? I have never seen frog person before.”
Curiosity. He was curious about her, studying her intently even as every part of his body vibrated like an engine left to warm up, seconds from racing away into the night. It was hardly Mazhnaw’s first encounter with a human who wanted to know more about her, a shudder running through her at the memory of blue, blue eyes, of papery dry skin prodding, the cold steel of interest. A prying scalpel.
“This one does not recognise your frog,” she said. In her ear, the translator murmured something about human fauna. “There is not time.”
“Wait! I am not –”
“Enough.” With his eyes on the pep he missed her tossing a small pebble, flinching away on instinct. His shot went long with a condensed shriek of noise, polymer tiles exploding outwards as the laser drilled a hole in the wall behind her. Mazhnaw fired, the shot blasting the human off his feet with a more subdued crackle and pop. Stuffing it into its holster she dashed over to find him splayed out on the ground, head lolling to the side. The pep had been set to stun rather than kill – despite everything she was not keen to take more lives than she truly needed to – but he was such a tiny slip of a creature that she could not be sure.
Groaning, the man’s eyelashes fluttered for a moment before settling once more, but there was a faint movement to his chest that indicated he still breathed. Mazhnaw sighed, rocking back on her haunches. As much as she needed him alive if she wanted to make a quick grab of the relic, she couldn’t deny the limb-shaking relief to know that he lived. She would not need to prey for forgiveness on this day.
“Let us go, Dirk Hagan,” she said. “There is a job to do.”
Swallowing back her revulsion, Mazhnaw scooped the human into her arms and carried him out of the alley.

*

There was something refreshing about a good honest liar. In her years Yiko had seen all sorts, from the honey-tongued who wore their sticky sweet innocence like a second skin to disguise the trap beneath, to the ones who pretended to have honour only to stick the knife in as soon as her back was turned, to the rare and unyielding souls who refused to tarnish themselves with a lie, nearly always impossible to deal with. Venn Lindholm, on the other hand, was none of these men. He knew that Yiko knew this dance: the one where they spoke in riddles to disguise the obvious truth of the situation. Neither of them cared about the law but they had to tip their glass to it, because the charade was just the natural order of things.
“I always did admire those who took the time to learn the secrets of the universe,” Yiko mused, tapping a nail against a glass cabinet where two hollow sockets in a skull stared back at her. “It makes me wish I had been more interested in these things, so that I might understand it all better. It seems a fascinating collection you have amassed.”
“Oh, indeed,” he agreed, eyes lighting up. Likely Lindholm recognised the trap but his ego kept his foot on the accelerator as he hurtled over the edge. “It’s so rare that one understands these days. So wrapped up in looking to the future for the latest innovations, the latest developments. The latest trends. They do not understand that by cutting themselves off from the past they are isolating themselves from the lessons which have been passed down to us from our ancestors.”
“For example, that there.” A gnarled finger hooked in the direction of another glass cabinet, within which held a carved wooden mask, hand painted in colourful streaks. Its mouth was parted in a wicked grin, the hollows for eyes even darker than the skull. “This was made by the othwonwo, ancestors to the hydrins. It depicts I-rallas, their god of order and control. In those times souls who had been struck by lightning were seen to have dishonoured him and were sacrificed in his name.”
“How fascinating,” said Yiko, sipping her mojito. It was a little too sweet for her taste but she had never been one to refuse anything out of courtesy. “I am sure you must have so many stories to tell.”
Lindholm hummed, eyes tipped low as he seemed to think. “Why,” he said, “I have even studied your people, Ms Ty-kiro. I have read all about the Yttiri-Ka war. I even have some pieces which might be of interest to you.”
Her fingers rolled into fists and she affected a smile that was all teeth. “Is that so?” she said, watching as he trotted over to one of his cabinets and fiddled his way through a double-lock system which included some form of retina scanner. “Here. Is it not stunning? I should really be making use of you while I have you here. Perhaps you might even be able to tell me which clan this belongs to.”
Lindholm’s words faded into a crackling hum as she fixated on the item in his hand. A kiriki feather, sprouting out from the doughy clamp of his hand. Long and curving, with a faint iridescence to the deep teal streaked with black and white, Yiko recognised it as the colour of the Kirotchi-Woyo. They were different from Yiko’s own mane of smaller, less ostentatious feathers, almost black until the light revealed them to be oil slick purple. A whirl of different sensations knocked her from the moment, lost in the rumble and whine of gunfire, the acrid film of smoke coating the back of her throat, the tyre-melting heat of her anger shimmering like a haze.
“Ms Ty-kiro? Is it familiar to you?”
Yiko’s smile only widened. “Mm. It looks like it belongs to one of the lesser clans, though I could not be sure. It has been some time since I was home.”
“Indeed? What a shame. I so would have enjoyed a native perspective. I don’t suppose you remember anything of the war? It is very difficult to access the direct texts in bablen, and while I have a translator working on the Yuyo-Kihoyi I have been assured that these things take time.”
“My, my,” she said around her drink. “How old do you take me for, Mr Lindholm? I am but a young kiriki, you know.”
“Oh, of course. I never meant to imply anything of the sort! You know how it is. To my human eyes it is always difficult to tell with these things. One needs a chart to memorise the various lifespans of all the known species these days.”
“Perhaps you should add that to your collection.”
He chuckled. “Quite.”
As he returned the feather to its storage, Yiko wandered back towards his desk, taking note of the various screens, including a tablet set out with some kind of research paper on ancient caxossan cultures. An assortment of knickknacks competed for space across the polished surface of what could almost be genuine wood, fingers sliding across it to collect a waxy residue. Amongst the pieces of polished bone, the carvings and the low-tech devices from days past, she noticed a small badge with the logo and name of the Krizsalizs Archaeological Society engraved in bablen. Nimble fingers rolled it into her pocket just before he turned to face her, awash in the vibrant hues of the city’s atmosphere.
“I trust this job should be a simple matter for someone with your skills.”
Yiko hummed, considering the advertisement displayed on one of the screens: eternal youth is a but a consultation away with Dhorniis. “If it was not then I am sure you have some contingencies in place, yes?”
Lindholm paused for just a moment, the minutest widening of his eyes barely a reaction worth noting, but it was enough for Yiko. She’d never been in any doubt of it. A man like Lindholm didn’t leave things down to chance. Not when he wanted something this desperately. He couldn’t have worked his way up to having such a slick office on a relatively well off platform if he wasn’t scrupulous about the details. 
“Ah, but Ms Ty-kiro, I have been assured that you never fail.”
This time when she grinned it reached her eyes. “Oh, I can certainly attest to that.”

*

The nice thing about a city like Krizsalizs was that no one blinked an eye at a kiriki making their way through the streets. Yiko had been enough places to have seen an entire spectrum of reactions, from wide eyed awe, to furtive glances of suspicion, to bold faced flirtation from those who liked to chase the exotic. Out on the fringes of the UF’s hold Krizsalizs was a place where just about every species imaginable mingled, from the hydrins and the wroxhans to the omo and the droll’n, which allowed even the rarer types in these parts of the galaxy to move around without drawing eyes. 
In general it was just the culture of the city, the denizens automatons of motion as they trundled on from home to work to shop to home and on again in an endless cycle. Yiko appreciated any place where she was simply allowed to exist. If these strange rhythms were what kept her anonymous then she welcomed them, sliding into the slipstream as she made her way towards the beehive structure of the Krizsalizs Museum, the towering centrepiece of the NE-120 platform. A crowd was already milling, passing through a grand entrance of multifaceted glass to the security scanners manned by a burly looking detail.
Yiko nodded to them with a smile as she swept her way through on the tail of the crowd, the hum of so many different languages around her setting her translator into a frenzy. Tapping it off, she continued on into a concentric structure which rose in layers all the way up, each ring of the museum built to accommodate a different theme or historical period. Her eyes slid off the statues depicting rulers of humans past, taking in the entrances and exits, the movements of the guards as they slipped through the crowd, and the various stairways nestled within the central structure itself, as if the puzzle of their location was part of the art piece that was the overall building. 
It wasn’t difficult to ascertain that in a city as obsessed with vertical movement as Krizsalizs that the featured exhibit would be at the top and centre of the museum so Yiko wandered her way through each ring like a tilylo beetle burrowing its way into the heart of a tree, sparing only brief glances at the pieces to feign interest. Had she not been on the job she might have allowed the sparks of curiosity to take flame, skimming past a section on the hydrin pre-space flight age complete with displays of their clunky machinery, and onto her destination. In truth Yiko enjoyed travelling for the sake of seeing new planets, for discovering new landmarks and meeting new people. For the language and the food and the culture. It was a shame she was rarely afforded the luxury.
Come see the oldest fork in the Seaglass Nebula! Relics of the lost Oorodossi civilisation! Screens flashed with advertisements, a holographic projection of a tiny statue spinning in the air. Around her people murmured, pointing to one thing or another. A faint burble could be heard from a najari as he pulled out his earpiece and waggled a finger inside his ear, staring at a najari-themed exhibit.
The number of security personnel didn’t increase the further Yiko climbed. There was no need; the higher she went the more aware she became that she was on display. Although the details couldn’t be determined from the floor, it was clear that the main point of interest was at the pinnacle of this constructed peak. A series of lights beamed down, ribbons of silver-white in which dust motes swirled, illuminating a series of glass covered items. A thin disk coated in a lacquer of scratches, once a communication device. Links of a golden bracelet inset with fat jewels of a blood red stone, the design bearing the intricate looping script of the sarrinhan.
And there in the centre was the biggest prize of all: a curving piece of armour, made of a faintly translucent material which was supposed to be impervious to all damage, still gleaming beneath the lights with dark veins cut beneath its surface. It looked brand new, a placeholder to protect a precious piece of the past. If the armour was so indestructible Yiko had to wonder why more hadn’t been discovered. More than a few UF-led ships had been sent forth to the planets known to have been part of the Oorodossi Empire in search of materials, but they’d never dared crossing into the Kokoss System where most of the remnants of their civilisation would still be buried. The oorodos’ closest descendants, the elusive race of the caxos who ruled their portion of the galaxy, would be first to wage a war that even the UF’s numerous resources couldn’t win them.
There was no race better at war than the caxos.
Yiko glanced over the screen below the display, flashing through a cycle of languages with a brief passage about what little was known of the fallen oorodos and their technological innovations long lost to time, mostly confined to passages translated from those who had been alive thousands of years ago. Relics like the one displayed cropped up every now and then, tantalising clues which kept the case open, but nothing conclusive ever seemed to be discovered. Theories sprung from every corner of the galaxy like the armoured wiwo from fissures in the hard-packed earth, each wilder than the last.
“It’s interesting, isn’t it?” said a human. “To think that civilisations rose and fell thousands of years before we ever came into being.”
Yiko glanced her over with a small smile. “Mm, fascinating. You have to wonder how much a piece like this is worth.”
She whistled. “More than you or I are ever to see in our lifetimes.”
“One can only dream.”
As she passed on, a flash of movement caught her eye. One of the guards took up position at the foot of the stairs, steps clunky and stiff. His eyes darted around him from behind a pair of spectacles, an endearingly human quirk when something like eyesight was so easily fixed. Then again, just because a thing was possible in a city such as Kriszalizs did not mean it was affordable. He spoke into his earpiece, too quiet to be heard over the rolling waves of conversation, foot tapping the ground.
Yiko considered the roll of staff, sifting through the names in her mind. This one had to be Dirk, the only human on the security force. Only this human looked slightly different from the photograph. His hair had been tucked up into a hat as if longer than the human with shorn hair, his eyes a green-brown that did not match the expected grey. Ah, she thought with a rippling sense of amusement. To think that Lindholm assumed this imposter could ever match up to her skills and experience was as saddening as it was hilarious.
A murmur swept its way through the mingling crowd like wind through the uncut plains of the Karikari, warning her before the first curl of smoke drifted through the air. In a flash Yiko snapped a mask from a hidden pocket in her jacket, covering her mouth and nose just as the first tickle of a cloyingly sweet fragrance teased the back of her throat. Voices rose in a competing clash like waves breaking over the land as they hit the cliff with too much force. Bodies crashed into one another in a rush, coalescing at the stairs and floating platforms to accommodate those who could not walk. 
The first thump stirred at the swirl of white fog. Crouched between the exhibits, Yiko blinked through the sting of the gas as bodies dropped one after another. She was almost impressed that someone had been able to smuggle in some kind of incapacitating gas, although there were plenty of innocuous substances which would not trigger the alarms which could then be mixed once inside the building.
A silhouette emerged from the fog, charging towards the central display with light steps despite their speed. Lindholm certainly hadn’t spared any expenses. If each of his hires all ended up killing one another in the attempt it probably worked out in his favour, severing the ties which led back to him rubbing his pudgy fingers together in his office. The hum of a pep charging up was quickly followed by a boom which reverberated out against the high ceilings of the dome. Grunting, the thief picked themselves up from the ground. 
Using the cover of the fog, Yiko slid along to the display with the bracelet, slipping out a small vial of Pink Ice and tapping a few drops onto the glass. Steam dissolved into the haze that was gradually clearing with a hiss, glass bubbling as it began to drip down onto the plate beneath the bracelet. With a gloved hand Yiko pushed through the melting glass to snatch up the trinket, wincing at the heat licking up her skin beneath the shield of her clothes. Pink Ice could eat through almost any known material in the universe; a drop would burrow right through skin and flesh to ebb away at bone. Even the reinforced glass used by the museum could not stop it.
The bracelet was a surprising weight when she tipped it into her pocket, sure to fetch more than a pretty penny on the right market. Shame she’d never get the chance to see how much it would go for.
“I sure hope you have a contingency for how you’re going to get that out,” she said.
The thief’s reflexes were fast. In a blink a pep was in her face, the bulky head of a Jet 56 model sure to mash her skull into pulp from this range. The veil of smoke lifted to reveal a pair of globular black eyes set into a round face of pale, off-blue skin so papery thin she could see the veins snaking through flesh and muscle, bone beneath like coral in shallow waters. Hair in thick fronds of dark, kelp-like strands fell limp, a deep blue-green so dark it was almost as black as her eyes. An anorizkan. Yiko almost laughed. She hadn’t thought they still existed.
“Bit dry around these parts, is it not?” she said. “Better watch you don’t croak.”
“Who are you?”
Movement flickered out the corner of her eye. Distant voices. The wail of a siren. There were people coming, as Yiko had suspected. 
“Can’t your venom cut through the glass?” said Yiko.
Those dark eyes never left her. “What venom?” She had a soft, rhythmical cadence to the way she spoke through the translator. 
“Guess that book was lying then.”
“This one will not ask you again. Who are you?”
“What’s more important to you?” said Yiko. “Interrogating me, or obtaining your prize?”
Her eyes grew even larger, swivelling for a beat to the Krizsalizs city watchforce spilling in through the door. A burble sounded from deep in her throat but still her gun did not waver. “This one will kill you if you do not –”
“You don’t need to break glass,” said another voice. The fidgety human guard, skipping from the anorizkan’s flank. “You just need to know how to circumvent security.” He folded down on his knees, bowing his head as he surveyed the security system via a small panel a the side of the display.
“You better speed it up or all three of us are about to become some novelty pin cushions.”
Laces of irritation knotted his face in a scowl. “Hush! I work now!”
When Yiko turned the anorizkan was already at the head of the stairs, firing off shots at the watch below. Easy pickings to her from above, she sniped them one after another, forcing the rest to slow down as they dove behind walls and exhibits. From their limited vantage point their shots went too long, leaving them stuck in the chokehold of the museum entrance. Any who ventured out were targets for the anorizkan. Interesting. Yiko had never met an anorizkan in her life but from what she had read of them, they had been too committed to their pacifism to so much as pick up a gun. 
“Having any luck there?” she said, inching towards where the human’s nimble fingers roamed across the surface of the screen, lines of code flashing and disappearing in moments. 
“Hush. I do not know what you contribute here.”
“Oh, nothing really. I prefer to delegate and let others do the hard work. Easier  for me.”
“Huh?”
The screen flashed and the glass casement lifted with a click, the laser shining upon the relic fading out. Yiko aimed her pep at the back of his head and at the characteristic whine of it firing up his shoulders stiffened, hands rising. He muttered beneath his breath, too low for Yiko to pick up, but she knew enough of bablen to recognise a few choice insults which only made her grin deepen. 
“Nothing personal,” she said, snatching up the relic and quickly switching it with the fake she had prepared. Pushing the glass back down, she gestured to the screen. “Turn the security back on.”
“What?”
“Just do it. Trust me. You’ll want to be quick, they’re going to get around the back and then we’ll be done for.”
The human swore, adjusting the glasses slipping down his nose as he got to work. In the reflection of the case she could see the tight purse of his mouth, gaze jumping to hers and back again. Yiko merely waggled the pep, the anorizkan in her periphery.
“You can blame me if you want but the one you should really be cursing is your benefactor.”
His fingers stilled until she tapped him on the skull just beneath his hat. He jerked, turning to fix her with a gaze fermented in hatred. “Don’t touch me!”
“Mm.”
The anorizkan rolled across the front of the stairs to change her vantage point, shooting a hydrin straight off the staircase. With a scream they tumbled and crashed, an audible crack ripping through the hall as they landed face down on the cold tiles. Yiko winced, slipping to the back wall where she could hear the floating platform powering up. A shot blasted the exhibit behind her, bouncing off the glass with an ear-splitting wail and exploding outwards in a wave of rippling heat. The next shattered a portion of the wall, rubble raining down and adding to the lingering dust.
Yiko fired. One. Two. Three. Pop, pop, pop, skulls bursting like jubba melons ripened by the summer sun. Really, the pair of them should be glad that she had shown up when she did, otherwise they would have met their grizzly ends by now and the relic would still be confined to the gawking of tourists at the cost of a 300 chip museum ticket. Had she been less worldly, she might have wondered what would possess a man like Lindholm to go to such lengths to acquire a dusty old relic from a long dead civilisation.
As it was, Yiko had long learned all about the lacquered idleness which drove the wealthy to strange pursuits in the pursuit of a thrill, only cushioned from the danger that came from putting oneself in harm’s way. Besides, she had seen people bleed and die for mere artefacts. The vision of the gun in her hand morphed from hard steel into the soft fronds of a feather, blue-green and far from home. Well. Perhaps Lindholm enjoyed a little danger after all.
“Hey, anorizkan,” she said, tossing the bracelet into the air. “Catch!”
With both hands occupied the anorizkan’s long black tongue struck out to curl around the bracelet and yank it into towards her. The momentary distraction cost her, just a fraction too slow as Yiko spun her pep on her. “Sorry, but out of all of us I’m the only one who prepared a getaway.”
Brows pulled low over eyes brimming with hate when Yiko released a high-pitched and wavering whistle. The assailants closest to her clutched their ears, the tecklo amongst them particularly sensitive to the shrill sound. It reverberated against high domed walls, stretching out into a thin, wobbling sound that teetered into the unbearable.
“Stop firing!” Yiko called out, standing slowly. “I have the suspect in custody!”
Greeted with suspicious eyes, Yiko merely waited until the frontrunners emerged at the foot of the stairs. They approached slowly, peps all levelled on her. The leader amongst them, a hulking wroxhan, accompanied by a reed thin stalk of a hydrin, inspected the scene before his eyes caught on the pin on her lapel. 
“The Krizsalizs Archaeological Society?”
Yiko nodded. “I was dispatched to keep watch due to a report of a potential theft at this museum tonight. It seems the intel I received was mostly sound, though the armour piece was just a ruse. What the thieves were really after was the bracelet of Didol, an ancient and priceless piece which could have earned them billions on the black market.”
The wroxhan held up the bracelet, grimacing at the slick layer of saliva dripping from it. “I have the item here.”
“Why was not this reported to security?” said the hydrin.
Yiko shrugged, posture languid despite the double beam of condensed anger aimed at both her front and back from the anorizkan and the human being restrained by the surviving guards. “It is custom to investigate in secret. My partner is currently getting in touch with the leader to confirm that the artefact has been secured.”
“I’ll need to confirm this story.”
Holstering her pep, Yiko kept her hands in sight. “Feel free to pat me down, officer,” she said with a wink.
The wroxhan scowled. To his staff he said, “Take them away.” To Yiko: “Come, I’ll need to take you in for questioning.”
“Since you asked so nicely.”

*

The rickety old Stratus-410 shuddered as it pulled higher, chains clanking against Julien’s wrists as he was tossed against the wall. Head knocking back, he grunted as his thoughts jolted, vision turning to static for a moment before he blinked away the haze to confirm that, no, he was indeed headed for the Mallebog where he was likely to be thrown away to never see the light again. That was, if they didn’t execute him before he could get that far. A cold wave of dread washed over him, knuckles crunching with how hard they gripped the bench beneath him. The thought of it; of his skin being cleaved open, peeled back to expose his innards. The hot stench of his lifeblood pouring down, down, down. Rinsed down the drain.
Julien could not let that happen. And yet, there he was bound and trussed up like a bird being prepared for slaughter, rattling and jerking his way towards certain doom. There were no windows in the back of the Stratus but he didn’t need to see to know they were hurtling beyond the wash of lights of the city, out into the hazy, green-tinged atmosphere of the desert; an endless expanse of barren grey craters and fine dust which, when breathed in large amounts, led to various painful diseases of the lung.
Out there in that wilderness lay the Mallebog, an imposing complex of buildings as grey as their surroundings, a penal camp where prisoners were forced to toil away in labour to the ends of their days. That wasn’t even taking into account the rumours of strange experimentations. There had been stories. Escaped prisoners, something Julien had never been able to verify despite trawling the records. Unspeakable deformities. Industrial scale tests, of things no story seemed to get straight, from medicinal trials, to cruel torture methods at the whims of the military, to the supposed stitching together of various species to make the perfect being.
Julien shuddered, chains clinking as he adjusted his posture to account for the constant swinging of the prison van. These old vehicles hadn’t been replaced for years, so old it was a wonder they managed to wrest their bulk off the ground. He’d rather it just gave in and plummeted from the air. At least that way he might still have a chance for survival, however slim.
That kiriki, he thought to himself. He hadn’t even known where she’d come from, hadn’t been prepared for not one, but two people to mess with his plans. Damn that Lindholm and his need to counteract his businessman paranoia with a second contingency, with a third. Julien had a reputation on the black market if one knew where to look. It was hardly the first time he had stolen something, or broken into a high-tech security system. He gritted his teeth, picturing holding the pep up to the man’s sweaty forehead. Relishing the white flash of schlera, the tremble of hands held up in surrender. It staved off the fire in his belly. 
“Looks like we both got screwed over,” he muttered to the only other passenger sitting in the back of the Stratus, the strange frog woman with translucent skin and eyes so big he got shivers when she fixed them upon him. 
“This one does not speak your human language.” Even through the translator disdain dripped from accented words. 
“Where is your – ah.” They had taken her translator from her. Julien’s was implanted in his ear, more difficult to remove. “I could say anything to you right now and you would not know. Frog. Ribbot, ribbot.” He choked on a laugh, recognising ire even on a face as alien as hers. Surely he was losing his mind with the fear. 
She muttered something under her breath too low for the translator to pick up, the sounds guttural and harsh as they were spat from blue lips. Her teeth were sharp, almost serrated, a point of focus for his gaze with nothing else to distract him. Given how easily she scrambled walls, as nimble as a real frog from his home planet, he didn’t want to think about how easily she could mash him up and have him for breakfast with those things. 
How long would it take for them to get to the Mallebog? Even as he had the thought he had to wonder what it mattered; it wasn’t like Julien could do much bound as he was. He’d already rubbed his wrists raw trying to slip a hand through the cuffs, or to rip apart the thick band of iron keeping him locked down. The chain jangled, coiling down beneath the floor, so thick he had no hope of breaking through it. Unless… Julien glanced back up at his fellow captive.
“Do you really have acid?”
She looked blankly at him.
He pointed to the glands of his throat.
From her pinched expression he took that as a no. Sagging back with a sigh, he racked his brain for ideas. There had to be something he could do, but they had taken all of his equipment and the little physical coin he carried with him in case, leaving him with less than he brought into the beginning of this job. In a voice irritatingly familiar he thought, let lessons be learned from chasing greed. Well. Julien would reflect very hard on that if he made it out of this alive. 
Suddenly he considered the frog’s teeth again, wondering just how strong they might be. There was a point where the iron bands around his wrists were linked by a polymer casing, a light flashing in a gentle green band within to indicate to the driver that all was well. Even if they did tamper with the cuffs they would not have much opportunity for escape, not to mention from the height they were travelling at, quite likely pushing the limits of the 410’s capabilities if the juddering was any indication, they would be setting themselves up for a long fall. But it was better than sitting around and mourning his future as a slave, or worse.
Julien held his wrists up to his mouth, the sound of the chain drawing her big black eyes. Mashing his teeth together at the section with the lights, he watched her reaction. When her face remained smooth, perfectly blank, he pushed his wrists out to her and then tried again, grunting at the way the cuffs banged against his arms due to the restriction of the chain below. “Big teeth. Use big teeth to break. Nom nom.”
“We are in midair with nothing around us,” she snapped. “If we try to leave as we are now we will plummet to our deaths. No, we wait until they stop, then we take them by surprise when they try to move us.”
Julien’s brows shot to his hairline. Shaking his head frantically, he said, “No, no, no. You do not escape Mallebog once you go inside. I’m not going anywhere near that place. No, no!”
Her brows furled and he hissed as he remembered that she could not understand him. One-way communication felt even more frustrating than not being able to communicate at all. Better they just snarled and grunted at one another, then he could keep his brain from short-circuiting at the thought of the prison camp, the experiments. Terror was boiling him up from the inside, mouth clamped shut to stop himself from screaming at her. 
“I don’t even know what bloody species you’re supposed to be! Translator, need to translate frog. Tell me how to speak frog. Tell me what is frog for idiot.”
The translator in his ear whirred and then beeped. Please repeat the target language which requires translating.
Julien tried to throw his hands up in the air only to have them yanked back to his sides by the chain. Pain cracked up his arms and he cried out, the embarrassingly high-pitched sound tapering off in a wheeze as he doubled over. “Fuck, fuck, fuck! Bite the fucking cuffs, you crazy frog!”
“Fuck,” she repeated, head tilted. “Frog?”
“Frog.” He pointed. “You. Frog.” Then once more, despite knowing that repeating himself was the spiralling path to madness, he held the cuffs to his mouth and mimicked biting.
She narrowed her eyes at him. Then, after a long moment where he thought all was doomed, she glanced down at the cuffs clamped around her wrists. Studying them for a moment, she lifted them up to her face to inspect. It was then that he noticed the splotchy patches of skin that resembled ink smudges. A rash? Her lips pressed together and he realised that she was having a reaction to the metal, likely the iron. So that was why she had looked so lifeless this whole journey, a far cry from the crazed solo sniper she had been at the museum. There was a greyer pallor to her that he had put down to the cold wash of her surroundings, but no. They were surrounded by iron, a choice he had faintly registered as unusual when he had first been shoved unceremoniously inside, but had thought no more on.
“You’re allergic to… iron?”
She grunted, eyes squeezing together. Her brows pulled as she drew in breath, chest ballooning out. Then in a flash so quick he almost missed it she attacked the cuffs with her mouth, serrated teeth chomping down on the polymer band in the middle. The lighter material, though supposed to withstand significant stress, was weaker at the point where it was sealed into the metal. He could hear the crunch beneath her teeth as she worked them into the grooves, gurgled noises of disgust interspersed with ragged breaths through her nostrils. Her jaw flickered, inky blue saliva coating the cuffs. She was struggling, breaths sawing out.
Julien was not in the business of sympathy; it was far too expensive for a disillusioned wretch like him, but that didn’t mean he could stop a small pang of regret on her behalf. Perhaps the humanity had not been completely wrung from him yet. So he sat with elbows propped on his thighs in half a prayer, watching with baited breath. The very metal was bending beneath her teeth but he didn’t have room for fear  with anticipation filling him wholly. 
Then with a vicious snarl she ripped the front off the cuffs and spat. The polymer and twisted metal shard pinged against the back of the van with a creak, a dent appearing in the wall. She kept spitting, teeth gnashing as she pawed at her face. Blue and purple lesions had appeared around her tongue, swelling up, and Julien winced. The skin around her wrists was hideously bruised, worn down to that same blue shade as her saliva and shining, still translucent enough to show rivers of black veins threading through muscle and bone. 
Despite himself Julien held out his wrists. “I can help you,” he said, meeting her gaze. If she was going to pull off his reckless plan, he reckoned his chances were better with her than without. “You’re going to need someone who knows how to drive.”
She didn’t even spare him a glance, hissing and spitting and cursing up a storm as she prized claw-like protrusions from her knuckles into the seam of her ankle cuffs and ripped them free. Apparently she had given up on concerning herself with the rashes, chains bang-bang-banging against the steel bench as she began to bash the weakened metal with the remainders of what had bound her wrists. Soon she was springing free, her skin streaked with ugly blue-black bruising. The chain dangled from her hand, thick bands of iron ringing, and Julien gulped. He held back from speaking, suddenly afraid of what she might do.
To his horror she swung the chain with both hands and smashed it against the metal wall which separated them from the driver. The jolt was enough that the van plummeted half a foot, Julien’s stomach swinging into his throat as his limbs were flung akimbo. He grunted as his own chains yanked him back to the ground, flinching with every bang against the wall. A huge dent had appeared at the point of impact, the wall panel folding in on itself. She showed no signs of stopping, releasing low growls with every slam.
With the next hit, the metal gave with a groan and light poured through a tiny crack. Julien heard voices from beyond, the Stratus jerking and throwing him from side to side on the bench as if they had hit a point of turbulence. Feeling faintly nauseous, he could only watch as the frog woman shrieked, clawing her way right through reinforced iron and polymer, heedless of the ink-coloured blood which dripped from her hands. She was crazy. Crazy, and inhumanly strong, just shy of six foot and corded with thick muscle. Julien had been fooled by the paper thin skin, now struck by an echo of the terror he could see in the pilot’s eyes as he craned his head.
“Watch the sky, you idiot!” he screamed, even as he knew it was impossible to look away from her. She lunged at the guard, slamming the hand with the pep against the wall until it clattered to the ground. He tried to fight back but it was no good; she raked her claws across his throat and shredded it out, hot black blood pouring between the ruptured flesh. His eyes were still wide in a triangular face, mouth gurgling as black trailed from the corner of his mouth.
“Wait, the pilot –” he managed before she bashed the pilot’s head against the wall with a resounding crack, the body going limp in an instant and slipping boneless from the seat. She kicked it fully out of the way and for a moment Julien thought she was going to drive them to safety when he saw her head tilt, grunting at the various controls and navigation screens.
On one he could see the warning light as they plummeted, flashing orange as it detected them crashing into the trajectory of the 300m guiding road marked with amber-orange lights across the augmented windshield. Julien cried out, no longer feeling the pain of the cuffs as he tried to wave her down. “Stop, stop! You need to fly us out of this!”
The cars racing along the orange road were growing larger and larger, toys magnified under the lens of the window tipped in a straight downwards line. Julien’s stomach had flipped on itself so many times he was sure it was more knot than organ, and he was dizzy with the fear of his impending doom. A horn honked as they were spotted in the air, a warning klaxon alerting the roads authority with a blinding flash of orange light. Too late. They would be too late. 
“Let me out!” Julien screamed himself hoarse, chain banging wildly. “Get me free! Let me drive, you damn frog!”
Light gleamed across the hull of a Cirrus-340 as it swerved out of the way. Julien caught the whites of the driver’s eyes as they continued their freefall, picking up speed. More horns shrieked at them, cars piling up as they staggered out of the way of the prison van crashing from the sky. Suddenly his world lit up with orange as they fell right through the guiding road and down, the windows of a nearby skyscraper winking at him as if in mockery.
The next road was the 250m and it was far busier, various lanes threading through one another as they bypassed the cluster of towers belonging to notable UF corporations, proudly displayed logos aglow. Julien thrashed, the noises he made inhuman. There was no pain, no awareness of the consequences of their escape; nothing but the white hot bolt of fear burning him up from the inside like a lightning strike, his mouth drier than the Errid desert. 
Suddenly a pair of black holes appeared in front of him. Julien jerked back so quickly he slammed his head against the wall with a clang, thoughts rattling inside his skull. It took him a moment to regain himself enough to realise she had acquired something from in the cockpit and was currently sawing her way through his cuffs. He forced himself to still, vibrating with the tension locking up every muscle in his body. His jaw clamped shut. If he didn’t scream it out he was sure he was going to explode, shooting harried glances at the throng of cars glittering across the length of the front window like a snake splayed out in the sun.
“It’s the green road. It’s the green road. It’s the green road.”
So thrumming with anxiousness was he that he didn’t notice when the cuffs fell away until she fixed him with an unimpressed look and said, “You. Drive.”
Leaping from the bench like he’d been launched from a rocket, he tumbled into the front seat and wrenched the wheel, slamming his foot on the breaks as the Stratus hurtled towards the roofs of the cars winding across the serpentine green road. Klaxons harmonised with Julien’s own screams, arms wrenching the wheel as hard as he could to swerve them upwards, but the old rattling piece of junk that was the prison van chugged and wheezed in protest, jerking in increments.
“Come on you ratchety old wagon!” he yelled, sure his arms were about to fall off. “Just try me right now.”
His heart nearly took off without him when the car wrenched itself upwards, the nose lifting. They might make it. They weren’t going to make it. But they could just manage to get free. But they were going to crash right into the unluckiest bastard on their way home from work. But the old piece of junk might just scrape its way – 
There was bump and then a whine as the hull crunched against the roof of another car and he was gripped by the vicious hand of certainty that all was lost but he mashed the accelerator all the same, a futile, grappling attempt, adjusting the steering and the controls while higher than a hydrin on honey with the panic, until they trundled their way across, ripping the unsuspecting victim’s roof free with it. Julien’s teeth clacked together as he pushed them free and called for more power using the dashboard screen, tearing off into the sky. Two distant watch cars broke free from the line of traffic on a road above but Julien only pushed the speed; if they got caught now everything was over.
“You better get praying,” he said. “We’re going to need it.”
But his co-pilot merely watched the radar with hard eyes, a hand over the holster of her pep. Blood was smeared across her front, spatters of black on her face. Julien focused on the window in front of him and pushed the sound of the sirens from his mind. They would get free or they wouldn’t, but he wasn’t about to go down without a fight.
After that he was going to give that Venn Lindholm a piece of his mind.

*

Saving the human had been a good choice. Even though Mazhnaw’s skin itched every time he spoke, bablen spilling from his lips so rapidly that she couldn’t pick out the few words she did know, he had leapt right from his cuffs into the driver’s seat without so much as a blink. Without her translator Mazhnaw felt naked, aware that he was still able to understand her but that the window didn’t go both ways. Nevertheless she would have to trust him as far as getting his revenge on that wriggling worm went. After she got the money she was due she would walk away and never have to hear his strange, staccato gunfire of a language again. 
The human spoke to himself so often that she was starting to wonder if there wasn’t something wrong with him, for he never seemed to expect an answer from her. Instead he threw up his hands, kicked the dashboard until the engine grumbled, and then his long fingers danced across the various controls and screens set up for different elements of navigation. Mazhnaw could drive a basic car but this was beyond her, the blinking lights and assortment of switches and displays as foreign to her as his words.
He said something then, tapping at a screen. Mazhnaw flinched, following the clack of his nail to see that they had managed to escape the immediate radar of their tail. Shoulders easing just a little, she flopped into the seat next to him with a growl. She was not so naive as to think they had completely escaped, but as the human guided them between the gleaming towers and into the flow of the yellow guiding road at 25m, the point at which the lowest platforms sprouted between buildings, she was able to relax incrementally.
Below the yellow lights Mazhnaw could make out the tiny insects that were the pedestrians braving the slums of the city floor, where the shopfronts were thick with grime, windows boarded up to cover shattered glass, and shacks had sprung up at odd corners and alley mouths, constructed from corrugated steel and plywood to create temporary food huts before they got cleared by the watch. Few were willing to traverse the true roads unless they were affiliated with one of the city’s many gangs, or they were confident they knew how to protect themselves. For them the closer they were to the floor the safer they were likely to be.
That rasping voice started again, startling her before she could leash her instinct. Mazhnaw glanced at him as he spoke animatedly, eyes flicking all around the dashboard behind the lenses of his spectacles. One word caught her ear that she recognised: Lindholm.
“Lindholm,” she repeated, the name slopping from her tongue without shape. “Lindholm. We get the money from Lindholm and then this one removes herself from this stinking city.”
“Julien.”
Mazhnaw tilted her head after the human repeated this word several times. On the last he huffed, jabbing a finger at his chest. “Julien.” Point. “Julien.”
“Joo-lay-en,” she tried.
“Mm. Julien.”
As much as she loathed to make niceties with a human, she found herself telling him her name.
“Maj-nor?”
“Mazhnaw.”
“Mazhnaw.” His throat struggled to produce the proper sounds of her name but he said it over and over until it somewhat resembled how a Krazhni might have said it, had they been months old and bearing a speech impediment. The thing he said next was lost on her, and she nearly growled at him in response, but his expression remained neutral so she didn’t think he had insulted her. Even so, she couldn’t help but be on edge at having exchanged names with him. As soon as they got the money they were owed, she would be off.
To her surprise Julien pulled them off the yellow road towards a small shop tucked into a short platform. Mazhnaw turned to him, hand on her pep when he raised his hands, swamp-coloured eyes following her to the gun. Once he affirmed she wasn’t going to shoot him on principle he kept one hand up but she had no idea what it was supposed to signify. When he opened the door and stepped out of the van she leapt out after him.
“Stop,” was a word she recognised, followed by the hand signal again.
Mazhnaw flashed her teeth. “This one is no pet.”
Julien gestured to the curving shell off his ear and then to the store. Grudgingly Mazhnaw returned to the van, eyeing an omo as they scurried past with a glance for the beaten up prison van idling on a tiny, inconsequential platform, their long antennae twitching. Gossip tended to spread virulently in small communities such as this. She fiddled with her pep as she waited, reasoning that Julien wasn’t going to just leave her without his means of escape. He was just as wanted as she was so he would gain nothing by informing on her, unless he was hoping to alleviate his own sentence by doing so.
Perhaps that had been his intention all along. Get her guard down by exchanging names and then when she was unprepared he would lead them to her like she was a hwazhwaka for slaughter. Mazhnaw kicked open the door and fired up her pep, ready to blow the little worm to smithereens, when Julien emerged from the shop and scuttled towards her.
When he spotted the pep barrel he froze, hands rising in increments. “Mazhnaw,” he bleated, brows furrowing together. Between his fingers was a small black device. A translator. She stilled, a strange sensation burrowing deep into her gut. It wasn’t guilt, exactly. Mazhnaw was long past the point of allowing herself to feel guilt. But she couldn’t help feel that this was a step back in their progress, lowering her gun and holstering it as he eyed her warily from several feet away.
“Julien,” she said.
Showing the translator between his pointer finger and thumb, he made sure she acknowledged it before he tossed it at her. Mazhnaw snatched it from the air and swung it into her ear, finding it was already on.
“Speak,” he said, his lips moving a few beats before comprehension followed. “It will adjust to your language.”
“This one understands,” she said.
He looked at her. “Have we agreed not to kill each other now? I want my money.”
Roaming his face revealed no grudge for her behaviour, merely a resigned kind of wariness like he had been expecting it; a wratji checking the water for alligators. “We go for Lindholm now,” she agreed. 
It was just as they were both reentering the van that a familiar klaxon sounded from above. Julien released a long line of curses and this time the translator picked up most of them, some like, “fifteen cats in a bag,” plain nonsensical. Lights flashed, red-blue-red-blue. Mazhnaw gripped her pep, eyes fixed on the car above.
“Buckle up,” said Julien, pressing buttons. “We’re hitting turbo and getting the hell out of dodge.”
Then before she could ask him what he meant the van screeched forwards in a burn of rubber tyres, followed by a spin in such a tight circle that her stomach threatened to fly up her throat. Gripping her seat tight, Mazhnaw shut her eyes as the van launched into the air with a shudder and an insides-churning drop that ripped curses from her mouth. She opened her eyes again to see Julien baring his teeth, arms straining on the steering wheel. After a series of adjustments the van levelled out, threading through the tight gaps between a series of towers and skimming low over another platform. The siren blared on behind them.
“You’re crazy,” Mazhnaw murmured.
Julien laughed. “I’ve been called worse.”
Despite Julien’s maniacal manoeuvres, the siren only grew louder as it chased them. Lights reflected off passing windows, warning them that they were about to be caught. Nimble fingers stroked the keys and screens and levers of the dashboard, coaxing more power into the engine to push them to speeds which made the van tremble and wheeze; a geriatric chain smoker being asked to run. 
“Go faster, you piece of shit!” Julien slammed a hand on the dashboard, startling Mazhnaw. “Need to hear what’s happening. Take wheel.”
She stared at him.
“Now! Go, go.” He made a frenzied shovelling gesture. “Take it while I programme this.”
The next thing Mazhnaw knew Julien was hanging out of his seat to peer at the largest of the screens, fingers flying over it. The van continued on the course he had set it, fine for a couple of moments but in approximately ten seconds they were going to smash right into a sprawling behemoth of a building, gleaming in ripples of glass and astraca as if daring them to take it on. With a grunt Mazhnaw dived and grabbed the wheel, jerking them out of the way just in time. The hull bumped against a window and skimmed along, etching a wobbling white scar across the perfect surface.
“What are you doing?” she screamed.
“Need to know. Need to know,” he continued to mutter, smacking the screen.
A sleek black car with blue stripes swerved into view. Mazhnaw yelled, unsure how to control the height or speed or anything other than steering them from one side to another. The rear window cycled between red and blue, red and blue, a warning that she could not escape.
“… two suspects last spotted heading north on the yellow road…”
“Yes, yes, baby! Here we go.”
Mazhnaw grabbed his shoulder and thrust him back into the seat. Julien’s head smacked off the side wall and he teetered, blinking dazedly at the screen. They were about to crash into the watch vehicle threatening to cut them off from the front. “Drive!” she shrieked. “Get us out of here.”
“Only one way for this.” To her horror he flicked a switch and upped the speed, engine howling.
“What are you doing? We’re going to –”
“We crash or we get away now!”
Inches from the shining hull of the watch car it suddenly lurched to one side, giving them a clear space to escape. Mazhnaw gasped, unlatching her fingers from where they had been clutching at her thighs, so sure they were about to be smears of meat against that sleek black body of the watch car that she could hardly process the alternative. But Julien wasn’t stopping for anything, somehow gaining more speed from the old rustbucket. The whole thing was shuddering hard enough to make her teeth rattle and draw blood from her bitten tongue, and she was sure that even if they did manage to evade the watch the thing would fall apart with them still in it. She pictured plummeting from the sky. Smacking onto the cold hard ground. Her insides spilling out, blue blood running.
“Can hear what they’re saying now,” said Julien. “Know how to avoid them.”
Mazhnaw realised that the crackling voices from the speakers were from the watch radio system, a tinny voice unknowingly informing them of the position of each of the vehicles in an attempt to coordinate a capture. She glanced at the human as he fixated on the panorama of the city unfolding before them with an intense expression, the marbled green atmosphere of Krizsalizs reflecting off his spectacles. Machines could be useful but she didn’t trust them, having paid the price of her ignorance before. Julien had only proved her suspicions correct, for he almost seemed able to speak to them as if they were living things. As if they were people. She didn’t want to consider what kinds of things he could get up to if given the right amount of time and resources.
“Get your fangs ready,” he said, slipping into a darkened tunnel beaded with tiny blue lights that streaked into one long smudge with the speed. “You’re going to need them.”
Mazhnaw’s hand drifted to her mouth, grimacing at the welts spongy on her tongue and palate from tearing open the cuffs. Even now she could taste the tang of metal, smell the horrible artificial stench burning her nostrils. Her reaction to being bound by iron was why she was so off kilter, struggling to wade through the murky swamp of her thoughts. Sluggish, due to an allergic reaction she had never been fully able to adjust to despite attempts at strengthening her resistance to it.
“Or pep,” Julien added after a beat, suddenly pulling them upwards within the gloom of some kind of shelter, the industrial beams spiderwebbing out to create a hexagonal pillar. “Pep works too.”
“What is this?”
“Hm? Oh. Car stack. You know. For putting vehicles.”
She frowned at him.
“Need to dump this thing. Likely a tracker in it somewhere. We grab other vehicle and we find Lindholm.” A beat. He met her gaze, eyes dampened by the feverish intensity from the chase. “Split the money?”
Mazhnaw frowned harder.
Julien guided the van past a barrier, scanning some kind of ID badge he had procured from the pilot’s body. Mazhnaw glanced at his corpse sprawled on the floor behind Julien’s seat as they drifted past rows upon rows of cars, as if in a graveyard for machines. There was a strange, hallowed quiet to the place which resembled the mausoleums preferred by species who venerated their dead in the strangest of ways. Nothing horrified Mazhnaw more than being sealed off in a tomb after she died, unable to rejoin the Arazhmazh as was the way of all anorizkans, to keep the cycle of life in motion. 
As soon as the engine cut they were cast off into a drifting silence. Mazhnaw rode the waves, contemplating her next move. She could abandon the human – she owed him nothing. They were little more than strangers, united only by a common adversary who had thought to screw them over. But as she felt the grooves of the pep in her hand, she found that a force staid her hand. They were bound now, by the currents of their fate. To turn on him now when he had helped her escape with her life would be to invite in Rhazhka. It would make her no better than the worm she was about to hunt.
“Well, this is –”
“Okay,” she said. “We split the money.”
Julien turned to her.
Mazhnaw fired up her pep, a smile parting her lips. “We take the money. But first we kill Lindholm.”
He huffed a laugh. “Think I can agree to those terms.”

*

“You seem very sure of yourself.”
Yiko shrugged, watching as Lindholm examined the rounded disk of translucent material. On her way back to his office she had spent time turning it over in her hands, testing it with heat and various materials, but her knife – special issue, made from finesteel – hadn’t even scratched the surface. Dark veins ran beneath a translucent surface which possessed subtle iridescence. A faint energy appeared to emanate from it, almost as if there was an electric current running through it. Even now, standing by Lindholm’s desk, she could feel her skin prickle at the feel of it. Collector of antiques the man might have been, but Yiko knew it held more than strictly academic interest for him.
“I don’t think they’re going to appreciate being double-crossed. You might want to warn your security.”
Lindholm didn’t even look up, pale blue eyes fixed on the relic. “You don’t seem bothered.”
“Mm,” she said, noticing one of the guards murmur into his earpiece. “But I had expected it.”
“Nothing personal. But I could not take any chances with this. I am sure you understand, yes?”
“I will understand far easier once I get my cut.”
Lindholm made no move to wire the money, Yiko sifting her folded blade between her fingers. As keen as she was to be on her way before she could be linked back to the theft and barred from exit at the port, she wasn’t moving until she saw the old fox transfer payment into her account. If she had to do a little convincing, well. Yiko was very good at being convincing.
Suddenly one of the guards gestured, disappearing through the sliding doors. Another was intent on their comms device, mouth moving. It was a pity the translator couldn’t decode lips, but Yiko knew enough bablen on her own to pick up that reports were coming in about an attack on the building. She flipped the knife and caught it with a short laugh, pleased despite herself. Perhaps Lindholm wasn’t completely useless. He had been able to track down some interesting individuals, not always an easy feat for people like Yiko herself.
“I hope you’ve got steep pockets, Mr Lindholm,” she said cheerfully. “I rather think you’re going to need them.”
“What was that?” he said, a lens attached to his eye for examining the relic. “Did you say something?”
The doors slid open and several guards poured in, all openly carrying arms. “Mr Lindholm, we need to evacuate you from the building immediately. Please come with me.”
“What is the meaning of this?” Lindholm ripped the lens away to reveal an angry pink ring around a blue eye. He looked at Yiko. “What are you planning? Do you mean to double cross me?”
Suddenly Yiko found herself surrounded by a semi-circle of blackclad guards all aiming their peps at her. She tilted her head, slouching to hide the way every muscle coiled itself for launch. In her hand she released the latch on her blade, distracting them with a flash of teeth. “My, my, is this how you treat your contractors? Now I understand why you have such trouble finding hires.”
“Now isn’t the time for games. Call them off or you’ll be nothing but a bloody outline on my back wall. Maybe I’ll keep it there to remind anyone else who thinks they can try and screw me over.”
“Perhaps, Mr Lindholm,” she said carefully, “you might want to consider your own actions first. It’s very much bad manners not to pay for a job completed.”
One of the najari guards stepped forward. “We really need to leave. Now –”
Suddenly his body convulsed, shuddering as if running with live electricity. Another shot and his chest burst outwards in a spatter of flesh and shattered bone, jailbreak organs slopping through ribs blown wide, pressing at the tatters of his skin and bodysuit. He staggered and then crashed to the ground with a thump, the other guards turning too slow.
As more shots rang out Yiko flung herself behind the desk. Lindholm stared in horror as the human gunned down more of the guards, the anorizkan grabbing hold of one and twisting his head right round with one swipe before she rode his crashing body into the next. Dark claws swiped right through a scaly throat with a snarl, blood spraying across her face and kelp-like hair. Her eyes were two black holes absorbing the light, fixed upon Lindholm.
In his moment of distraction Yiko slid her knife across the desk, latching onto the bag he had placed the relic into. The momentum catapulted it off the end of the desk, allowing Yiko to scoop it up with a roll and position herself perpendicular to Lindholm and the anorizkan. She was sure she would be her next target but it appeared that target number one was the man who had hired her. Interesting, to think that she had paired up with the same human whom she had held at gunpoint in the museum. Yiko was almost intrigued to watch her take her revenge, but she had other priorities. Namely, getting her damn payment.
“If you cut off the head of the snake it might grow back, but the contract will be void.”
Those dark eyes snapped to her. A bloody mouth peeled back against serrated teeth. “You.”
Yiko held up her hands. “Ah, me. Here I am.”
“This one shall kill you.”
“How terribly boring of you.”
The anorizkan charged at her, leaping with considerable speed and power. With wicked claws and snapping teeth she had no need for a weapon: she was the weapon. Yiko dove and rolled out of the way, grinning at the way adrenaline pumped through her veins. There was something about the challenge of navigating the tight space of Lindholm’s office, swinging herself over his desk and squelching through the gory remains of one of the guards. The bespectacled human grunted as he batted back the hulking form of a wroxhan in all his armoured bulk, Yiko kicking out his ankle and shoving the pair of them like dominos into the anorizkan.
“I told you,” she called back, snatching up some kind of carved statue from its display. “You won’t get your money if you kill the bastard.”
As the anorizkan leapt at her, Yiko threw the statue like a missile. Nimbly twisting out of the way, she nevertheless was thrown to the ground by the weight of such a heavy stone piece glancing off her shoulder. The moment of imbalance allowed Yiko to strike out with her switchblade, her own version of the knuckled claws. In such a tight space she had to rely on short-range weapons but she found herself glad of it when the anorizkan struck her hand out of the way and lunged with black nails for her throat. Yiko swept in low, blade aiming for the exposed flesh of the anorizkhan’s flank, but in a blink she was diving out of the way. Finesteel caught the material of her suit, little more than skimming the skin.
Oh, but Yiko was enjoying herself.
“You’re good, anorizkan.”
She released a low, rumbling growl like the purr of an engine, showing no signs of slowing down. Yiko skipped on light feet as claws swiped for her in a series of relentless attacks, the relic slapping Yiko’s side from where the bag had been slung over her shoulder. Despite hand-to-hand not being her area of expertise she had enjoyed sparring with her fellow soldiers and was surprised by how much she had missed this thrill; the gritty, heady wave of euphoria as she escaped the snapping fangs for her shoulder, landing a blow to the anorizkan’s abdomen and earning herself a pained huff of breath from her opponent. 
Sweat dripped down her back, chest heaving with the exertion as she was driven back by the unforgiving attacks of the anorizkan. She knew no give; an attribute Yiko couldn’t help but admire. She would be reluctant to kill someone this skilled. 
“You’ve been trained,” she said, diving low. Claws skimmed her back, a sharp pain as they ripped open skin through her suit. Yiko tackled the anorizkan to the ground, using the momentum to pin her down when she writhed and snarled. “Ah-ah.”
Steel-like strength pushed against Yiko’s grip, her entire body thrashing like a shark lifted from water. Those snapping jaws were dangerous – if allowed within the vicinity of her throat she’d rip through it like paper. Kneeing her in the gut to a wheezing gasp of lungs, Yiko pressed down on the pressure point between the neck and shoulder and the anorizkan shrieked in pain. A thousand different techniques were sifted then discarded, matched against enemies of similar heights and builds. Perhaps she ought to just bleed her. The anorizkan’s body twitched but relented in its bucking, allowing Yiko closer access to her vulnerabilities. The change in those black eyes came too late.
“Rhazhka damn you,” said the anorizkan and then before Yiko could react she spat a mouthful of bloody saliva into her face.
In an instant they flipped but Yiko used the momentum to carry herself all the way over and onto her feet. Swiping at her face, she flicked out her switchblade, barely escaping those claws. It seemed that rather than incapacitating the anorizkan she had only angered her further, more fuel to the raging inferno that she was as she raged her way across the office in leaps too quick for the eye to follow. Battles had a rhythm, a natural tempo and beat which marked the flow, and the stuttering of Yiko’s feet as she fled marked a shift in the tide. It was thrilling. Dizzying. To think this creature could match her – perhaps outmatch her, even – in terms of speed and strength was an unexpected delight in all this chaos.
She thinks, too, she mused as she snatched up a boomerang from the wall. But the anger has taken her. Yiko knew it well: the raging, surging, swelling waves of the tsunami that engulfed and swept one away. That pulled and pummelled one in the undertow, lost to the battle lust. Too many a soldier had lost their heads to it; the creaky armour of reason and tactics stripped clean to expose the squishy flesh beneath. It was so much easier to strike when the opponent was seething with hatred. 
Yiko had never known hatred. Not truly. Maybe that was why she had been so suited for the cold reality of war. Smile slipping, she launched the boomerang at her charging enemy, the bow of polished wood hurtling through the air. The anorizkan twisted mid-leap, suckers on her fingers attaching to the boomerang and snatching it from its trajectory without stopping. Yiko let out an admiring breath as she rolled away from under Lindholm’s desk, snatching up a pep from the body of one of his guards.
There was no way for it. Sometimes there was no choice but to eliminate the threat. The pep thrummed within her hand as she powered it up, aiming it for the head of the anorizkan. 
“Stop!”
The voice trembled in the air, a plucked note of command. Yiko cursed the mould of her, pressed and shaped into the form of a soldier. The anorizkan bowled right into her, thoughts bouncing inside her skull as it slammed off the floor, teeth clacking together. Claws swiped for her throat but she caught her grip inches from the give of her swallow, razor sharp edges nipping at skin. It was then that she realised: anorizkans don’t have claws. Her gaze flickered to the ropey white knots of tissue where stark pieces of metal protruded from her knuckles. As if they’d been welded in.
The claws pushed deeper into her throat, blood tickling her skin as it trickled. Gritting her teeth, she pushed the hand back, the wedge of her own blade caught deep in the forearm of her opponent’s other hand. “I have claws too, anorizkan.”
“I said stop!”
The whine of a pep ready to fire.
“Mazhnaw.”
Black eyes swivelled, lips pressing tight over fangs that looked as artificial as her claws. Memories teased at the edges of Yiko’s consciousness, snippets of conversations about anorizkans. A predominately peaceful race, chased to the edges of their home planet due to colonisation; a tale so well-trodden in this galaxy that pity was lethargic in rearing its head. They largely shunned modern technology, living in natural communes where they could be in touch with nature. The being before her was a multitude of questions; with every new aspect observed Yiko only found more raising their heads. 
“Mazhnaw, hold on one minute. You should listen to what Lindholm has to say.”
This had her snapping to her feet, face twisting up in disgust. Inky blue blood dripped from her forearm but she paid it no heed. “This one has no need for the words of these wriggling worms. They need to be stamped out before they can find their way back to the earth.”
Yiko wiped the blood from her blade and sheathed it as she climbed to her feet. She was still in possession of the relic which meant that out of everyone she had the most leverage, not that any of them would have trouble taking it off her dead body. Between the corpses strewn across the office, the smashed up and shattered collection of artefacts, and Lindholm’s state of damp and dishevelled terror, the two disgruntled thieves on their quest for vengeance had certainly left their mark. Yiko rolled out her shoulder with a hiss, keeping her pep braced and loaded.
“I’m telling you, I didn’t screw you over.”
“I do not recall mention of others,” Julien growled.
“You owe us the money you promised,” added the anorizkan. Mazhnaw. 
“There is more money,” said Lindholm, palms up. Now that the fighting had stopped Yiko could see the composure sliding over his distress. “There is much more money, and it can all be yours.” He flipped the slop of silver hair back and wiped the sweat from his upper lip, a true businessman in pursuit of potential gain. “I need a team for a very dangerous and difficult task. It’s not easy to find people capable of doing the job, who will not talk to the authorities. It’s even more difficult to get these kinds of characters to agree to work together.”
“I’m done with your jobs,” said Julien, arm never wavering. A small bead of red light was concentrated between Lindholm’s eyes. “Give me the money owed.”
“I’m telling you it’s worth it. Three million chips. Each. Far more than the price for some measly little theft.”
Yiko snorted, drawing each of their gazes at once. She sauntered forwards, ignoring the assortment of aches and bruises clamouring for her attention. “You really want us to believe that you weren’t just using contingencies to make sure you got what you wanted?”
Lindholm’s gaze was steady as it met hers. “You do not need to believe me. By all means, walk away if you are discontented with the offer. I will even commit to giving you your agreed share for acquiring that which I asked for.” Julien and Mazhnaw’s combined killing intent swiftly switched target like a pair of deadly laser beams. “But I am offering the job of a lifetime. The least you could do is consider such a generous proposal.”
“Or we could just hold you at gunpoint until you give us what you owe.”
“Ah, but –” Lindholm cocked an ear “– I think I can hear the authorities now. They will be most eager to return the escaped criminals to their place in the Mallebog, yes?”
At that moment a familiar wail sounded from outside, lights reflecting off a nearby skyscraper. Julien swore, gaze swinging around him as he looked for the encroaching watch vehicle. 
“I can make them go away. But only if you agree to work for me. I need resourceful people like you. People who can get the job done, whatever the cost.”
Yiko tilted her head. “What is this thing, really? What is it that you want with it?”
Blue eyes followed the line of her hand to the bag containing the relic. “Yes, you see its importance. You see, that is not the only one of its kind.” Now that the rhythm had changed he had relaxed completely, assured in the ramping tempo of urgency. “Across the galaxy remnants of an ancient civilisation have been scattered, hidden tableaus that reveal the secrets of a long lost empire. On rare occasions something will surface – a statue here or a piece of some device – but even when they do there is not much to be gleaned from just one fragment of the Oorodossi Empire. For years I have toiled on a device that will allow me to track these tableaus but it wasn’t until I was able to use it to find that piece you hold now that I knew I had succeeded in this endeavour.”
“Why are you so interested in them?” 
His gaze did not waver, filled with a zealous fervour. “I am keen to understand more about the fallen Oorodossi Empire. They have been the source of my research for so long that I wish to connect the pieces they have left behind. Who were they truly? How did they come to be? How close are they to their descendants, the caxos? Why did such an advanced empire fall? There are whole stories coded into relics such as the one you hold, and if I can crack the code then I will be in possession of more information on them than anyone in the galaxy.”
The siren grew louder, cutting through the room. Lindholm touched his ear comm and murmured something, likely to however many of his guards still lived.
Julien eyed Yiko. “What happens if we run off with these relics once we find them? If they’re worth as much as you say, surely you’re aware we could fetch better price on some market. You’d never see us again.”
“No, no, you misunderstand.” Lindholm shook his head. “These relics are worth something, perhaps, if you can locate the right buyer, but I can guarantee none will be willing to pay you the amount that I have named. I told you, I have a particular interest and am fortunate enough to be in a position where I can fund that interest. There is a reason I got into the business of buying and selling antiques, after all.”
Yiko found her gaze wandering to Mazhnaw who had frozen in place, staring at Lindholm with eyes that had somehow grown even larger in shock. There was an energy emanating from her; a kind of thrumming restlessness crackling beneath the skin as if she might peel it back and release the lightning at any moment. Her dark eyes swivelled to Yiko, fell down to the bag, then cut away again, her hand clenching around her pep. 
“Let’s say we were interested,” said Yiko, meeting each of their gazes in turn. “How could we trust one another enough to work together? I’m sure that as soon as I turn my back that pep will be aimed for my skull first and no slip in all the galaxy is worth getting blown to bits for.”
Lindholm remained impressively cool despite the lingering sheen of sweat on his face. “That is up to you to work out. I do not care who acquires the relics, nor how you go about it. All I care is that as many of these items are brought to me, as quickly as is manageable. If you want to tear each other apart in the mean time, well.” He smiled, a perfect picket row of teeth. “That’s none of my business.”
Something pulled him back to his comm, frowning as he listened to the voice in his ear. Likely the Krizsalizs watch demanding to be let in to apprehend the escaped convicts. 
“If you wish to study these things,” said Julien, glancing at the door and back, “is it not enough to simply scan them? This way we do not need to risk being thrown in Mallebog.”
“No. I do not want anyone getting their hands on them. I am the forerunner in understanding oorodossi technology and culture. I will not have someone freeriding off my years of hard work.”
Still Mazhnaw said nothing. Yiko might have thought she had fallen asleep standing if not for the slight flickering between translucent brows.
“This is all very good,” said Yiko, “but it looks like we haven’t got long before these two are hauled back to the desert and we haven’t got a ship or a way of getting past the port.”
“Let me deal with that,” said Lindholm. “If you agree to sign my contract I will have you on a ship and past the port security within the hour.”
“Contract?” squawked Julien.
“Oh, yes. Forgive me, Mr Solokov, but I am reminded that you are all criminals and I would do well to remember that before I hand over a ship that will safely see you free of here.”
Yiko had to hand it to the bastard: he knew what he was doing. Flipping a tablet, he gestured to a document with a scanner indicating where they should place their hand. Full prints. There would be no hiding if he had all their details on record, meaning that if they broke the contract of such a highly-position UF-sanctioned businessman they would become outlaws across the span of the entire Seaglass Nebula. Even in the free planets of the Outer Rim it wouldn’t be unheard of for the more daring bounty hunters to chase them down for the reward. 
“The ship I have prepared will monitor your journey and report back to me on every stop you make, including whether that stop is near a hotspot marked by my technology. It has been programmed into the ship’s interface so you will not be able to remove it and sell it to my competitor, either.”
Julien huffed, the glint of challenge in his eyes.
“I trust this is all fair, yes?” said Lindholm. “We are talking about a significant amount of money.”
“If we sign you get the watch to let us go,” said Mazhnaw. “Yes?”
Lindholm nodded. “You will be clear so long as you do not return to Krizsalizs until you have completed your mission.”
Yiko kept her eye on the door. “Is that even possible? To collect, what, every surviving oorodossi relic across the galaxy? That’s quite the commitment.”
“I do not expect it is every single piece in existence, no. But it is every piece which gives off an energy trail significant enough to track, just as the one you hold does.”
A frantic pounding rattled the door, Mazhnaw jerking. Julien’s hand wavered, staring behind him. Lindholm only seemed to grow calmer, hands pressed behind his back as he surveyed the three of them, surrounded by the fallen forms of his guards.
He really has been planning this, Yiko mused. It was that fact more than anything which inspired her to step up. “All right, I’m intrigued,” she said. “At this point I have nowhere else to go anyway. I’ll stamp your contract but I’d like some assurance in return.”
“The ship out of the city isn’t enough for you?”
Yiko shrugged. “What can I say? This situation hasn’t exactly championed trust, has it?”
“MR LINDHOLM PLEASE OPEN THE DOOR IMMEDIATELY. THIS IS THE KRIZSALISZ CITY WATCH. IF YOU DO NOT OPEN THE DOOR IT WILL BE REMOVED IN THE NEXT THIRTY SECONDS.”
“You know, I do not think there will be time for reassurances.”
“How about I take this, then?” said Yiko, patting the bag.
Lindholm narrowed his eyes.
The rattling stopped, replaced by the whine of a device powering up. Julien swore, turning back to Lindholm. “We don’t have time. Go, go. Take us to your ship.”
“You must sign first.”
Mazhnaw hissed.
Quickly weighing the options, Yiko held out her hand. “Fine, let’s go. I’m taking this with me – gives us an idea of what we’re looking for, you know?” Before Lindholm could protest she pressed her hand to the surface of the tablet, lights flashing as it scanned her prints and pulled up an image of her from the ID she had used to enter the city. “Let me out the back, will you?”
With a sigh, Lindholm pushed a button and the sprawling window behind his desk split down the middle, wind rippling through the gradually revealed skin of the city. Green and blue swirled in the atmosphere, the hum of traffic rushing on the orange road above competing with the snap and crackle of the air pushing into the office. Beyond was a platform, small but suitable for small vehicles like the Alto-501 framed by the towering giants of Krizsalizs’ industry and the antifreeze glow of Khakuun.
“Take her to dock S-IBIS-470. The Nautilus will await you there. I’ve transferred access to the car to you.”
Yiko gestured an affirmative, noticing her Tokkit flash to indicate she had been registered to a new vehicle. I suppose I’m the only one who isn’t currently wanted. With a swipe of command at her Tokkit the car doors unfolded, peeling back from the sleek body painted in an almost matt black. Grabbing the door frame, she cupped her hands and called out against the wind, “Anyone coming?”
Whatever hesitation Julien and Mazhnaw had vanished in the wake of the terrible crash and buzzsaw of the door being cracked open. In a blur of motion Mazhnaw flung herself in, Julien charging in after her with his hair in disarray, wind whipping it free from its tie. Dark figures appeared at the window. “Buckle up,” said Yiko, swinging herself into the driver’s seat and flicking on the ignition. “We’re about to fly.”
Smashing her foot down on the accelerator, she tore out into the open sky to the shrill cry of pep blasts. It wouldn’t be easy to outrun some of the nimbler watch chasers to the port but at least they had a head start, and besides, if Yiko was going to make a run for it there was no vehicle she would rather do it in. The Alto-501 glided like butter on a hot knife, soaring up to eye-watering altitudes without so much as a faint breath of discomfort. Already lights were flashing behind her, the blare of the siren a familiar backing track as they were pursued across the sky, but Yiko couldn’t help the grin on her face.
“The hell you smiling for?” grumbled Julien, peering over her shoulder at the dashboard displays where the encroaching watch cars were marked on the scanner. 
“I’ve always wanted to drive one of these babies.”
“We’re in a high speed – ack!” 
Even Mazhnaw grunted as Yiko tipped the nose down into a dive, the car answering to her every whim as if it was connected not to her Tokkit, but her mind. This is fun, she thought, Julien and Mazhnaw’s screams weaving through the harsh bray of the siren as she aimed for the tiny sliver of gap between cars on the green road. 
“You’re out of your mind! What are you –”
“Don’t worry,” said Yiko, squeezing more juice out of the engine. “I’ll get us out of this one.”
The car shot through a gap in the traffic and continued plummeting, picking up speed as it did so. The ground loomed larger and larger like a lopsided horizon, the details unfolding line by line as if she had just zoomed into a map. Restaurants and grimy dive bars in whorls of neon, rundown and abandoned office blocks taken over by squatters and gangs, windows boarded up with cardboard and newspaper, and the rolling debris scattered from the huge steel bins tucked into nearly every corner; these were the decaying teeth clinging to the inside of the beast’s maw, rotting but persistent. They provided no better race track for Yiko to tear her way through, cutting down narrow gaps between warring blocks and away. Here the watch were out of their element, unused to navigating anything that wasn’t the needle like towers belonging to the corporations, easily lost in the dense labyrinth of alleys and razor sharp corners the Alto-501 navigated with ease. 
The siren faded into a distant whine, the watch cars dropping back on the radar. Yiko whooped, laughing out the last of the adrenaline burning up her veins as she carried on towards the distant tangle of wires that marked the gordion knot of the Krizsalizs port. This would be the real test. She turned to her companions.
“Time to get out of this place, don’t you think?”
Julien and Mazhnaw uttered a weary acquiescence.

*

The dock that Lindholm had directed them to was one of the smaller, private docks reserved by large corporations who could afford to pay a premium for having goods shipped in and out of the city and the planet. Given that Lindholm dealt in antiques and relics, it wasn’t difficult to understand why he might have a keen interest in maintaining his own personal dock, particularly if some of his other items were acquired in ways as law-abiding as his most recent conquest had been. 
“A Nautilus Eltanin, eh?” said the kiriki, Yiko. Her eyes were a bright, tawny gold behind a yellow eyeshield, perhaps brightened by the coloured glass. Julien despaired of her lack thereof; she was as unfazed as an unlearned child, approaching everything with the same apathetic enthusiasm. She had to be a few cogs short not to be concerned about the fact that they had all just signed themselves over to a businessman who had already demonstrated a willingness to boldly lie to their faces, to see them dead if it came to it, or the fact that they had to be the most wanted criminals in the whole city at this point.
Julien ducked his head to shade his face from a camera above, skimming the billboard flashing his face next to Mazhnaw’s, along with an urge for the good citizens of Krizsalizs to turn them in should they be spotted. At least here on Lindholm’s private dock they didn’t need to fear being spotted by the public or a stray dock worker but that didn’t mean a security drone or deliberately timed inspection couldn’t bring the car crashing down, proverbially speaking.
“Whew, she sure is a beauty, huh?” said Yiko. 
Julien couldn’t believe the sight before his eyes, running over every detail of the Nautilus Eltanin, a brand new model that was on the cutting edge of the latest technology, befitted with brand new turbo-thrusters and an AI integrated internal network. She had a slim frame, draped in a smooth layer of inky black with red stripes bearing the company logo of Lindholm & Silva and polished to such a lustre that he could see the skeletal structure of the docks reflected in her hull. Built for long flights, she boasted a far more economical design than the juggernauts that were used to cart passengers and large cargo from planet to planet, and could go for far longer on less fuel. Given the size of their crew it made sense. With a ship like this they could slip in and out of ports far easier than in one of the clunkier models he had arrived here in.
Printed in neater lettering below, a fitting name for the vessel which would see him to a better life than the one he was currently labouring through: Dignity. His eyes lingered on the single word with admiration.
“It is very small,” said Mazhnaw, unimpressed. 
“You can stay here, then,” said Julien. When she looked at him, he waved a hand. “You don’t deserve the privilege of riding in a ship like that if you can’t respect her.”
Mazhnaw snorted. “This one will show you the meaning of respect.”
“I have to admit, this is a bit nicer than I was expecting,” said Yiko, scanning her Tokkit on the sensor by the door. “I can’t believe he’s letting us run off with this.”
“Who cares? She’s ours now.”
“Mm, but at what cost?”
Julien scowled, brushing past her as soon as the door slid open with a flash of green light. Inside she still smelled the crisp new smell of a model barely out of its packaging. With a burbled laugh, he skipped through the admittedly narrow entranceway and alone a tight corridor to the control room at the helm of the ship, feeling like a child in a toy store as he spun in a circle around the various controls and dashboard screens and buttons and lights, all set below the sprawling panoramic windshield aimed out at some dock workers helping attach a crane to huge steel beams. 
“I’m in love!” he exclaimed. “I am not coming back. I take this beautiful, beautiful ship and Lindholm will never see me again!”
“– message loading from Mr Lindholm –”
A familiar doughy face popped up on the largest screen, framed by a crest of silver hair. “Now that you’re settled in and ready to depart I think it’s best we establish your role going forward. I have already mapped the optimal course for you, from which this ship will not depart. Do not worry, I have ensured that it will make stops along the way so that you may recuperate. Dignity is a fine vessel but she was designed to be economical and I am sure the shared close quarters will begin to wear you down.”
“No, no!” Julien tried to turn the screen off but his commands were being overridden. 
“I trust that if you are committed to helping me carry out my research, then you will wish to remain where you are. If you complete your mission in a timely fashion then you will be rewarded most handsomely for it. In fact, I dare say you will never need to work another day in your meagre lives.”
Mazhnaw sniffed, fabric groaning beneath her claws as they cut into the back of one of the command chairs in the very centre of the room.
“Of course, you are free to leave, but I suggest that you do so now, and know that if you do you will not be compensated by me, nor given respite from the authorities. Once Dignity departs on her course you will be locked into this journey, unless you are able to acquire passage back to Krizsalizs. Given that two out of three of you are currently supposed to be in the Mallebog at this moment in time, and the other wanted for harbouring these fugitives, I highly doubt this is a decision you would wish to make, but all the same. I do believe in the importance of free choices.”
“I guess that’s why he was so willing to hand over such a pricey ship,” said Yiko, on Julien’s other side. “AI-led tech allows him to control its movements from his desk.”
“All right, well. I thank you for volunteering to undergo this lengthy mission on my behalf. Safe travels and see you on your return. I will be off now so if you have any further questions about your route then feel free to ask it of the ship’s very capable AI. You may be familiar with a Zhon or two already.”
Lindholm’s face disappeared, replaced with a swirl of colour across the various dashboard screens. Julien sank back into a seat with a sigh, hands splayed across the armrests to brace himself. So much for all that excitement about fleeing on an Nautilus Eltanin. It had been easy to dismiss what he was signing himself away to when the alternative was being hauled back to the Mallebog to spend the rest of his days being ground down to dust in one of the prison labour camps. Now, however, when faced with the reality that his route had already been charted for him in advance, he was beginning to feel like he’d never had any options at all. That either way he was to be slave to someone.
The only difference was that this version involved a beauty of a brand new ship, he reminded himself.
Yiko stepped closer to the dashboard, golden skin awash in the colours of the screens. “Zhon?” she said. “Can you communicate with us?”
The lights spun in a wheel of multicoloured fire before unravelling into a painter’s depiction of sound waves. A hollow, slightly disjointed voice came from everywhere at once:
“Hello! I am Zhon, the interface for Dignity. How may I be of service to you, Captain?”
“Captain?” said Julien in despair.
“Yes. As the designated lead officer of this crew, the being known as Yiko Ty-kiro has been named captain of the ship.”
Yiko grinned. “Now there’s an idea I can get behind.”
“This is ridiculous! I’m not answering to this – this thief. This criminal, who –”
“Aren’t you a criminal, too?”
He uttered a noise of protest.
“Can you show the planned route?” said Mazhnaw, voice cutting coolly through the command room.
“Indeed!” chirped Zhon. “Which format would you prefer? I can show you the full map or I can hone in on the first port of call. Visually, do you prefer this version? Or this one? Or perhaps, this?”
Julien eyed the maps. “Can you take us somewhere else?”
The lights slipped into shades of blue and purple, tiny thrumming waves mimicking anixousness. “I am afraid not. The course has been set in advance and none of the present parties have authorisation to change it.”
“Not even the captain?” said Yiko.
“No. Are you ready to set off on your journey now?”
“Wait, hold on!” Julien cried. “There must be some kind of way around this. There’s no way we can’t control our own damn ship.”
Red light spiked. “I am detecting activity on the dock. It appears that the Krizsalizs authorities have been alerted to your presence on board. Oh my!” Orange, to yellow, to pink. “Those are quite extensive charges.”
“All right, Zhon,” said Yiko, throwing herself into the other seat. “Get us out of here.”
“Very well, Captain. Powering up systems. Departure will commence in five –”
“Wait, wait, wait!” 
“Four.”
“We haven’t agreed to anything! I did not agree to –”
“Three.”
The engine rumbled beneath them; little more than a gentle, rolling cadence. Julien couldn’t even focus on the marvel of the ship’s technology when he was about to be flung into a far-sprung marathon across the galaxy before he had even been able to process the day’s events. 
“Please stop!”
“Two.”
A booming noise thundered against the door, causing Mazhnaw to leap forwards with her claws braced. 
“One.”
The ship rolled into motion, more clanging noises ringing out against the hull. Lift off was so smooth Julien barely noticed when they pulled into the air, eyeing the city watch on all sides of them below, but they were no match for the state of the art Dignity. Smaller and smaller they grew on screen, unable to stop them from racing off into the night. 
“Oh,” said Zhon. “Hm. This could be an issue.”
“What?” Julien snapped.
“It seems that they have put this ship on highest alert. Your faces are currently being displayed on every screen in the city and all resources are being diverted to chase us down.”
“Then you know what to do, don’t you?” said Yiko. “Push more speed into it. We can’t afford to get caught.”
“That will take us over the speed limit inside the port jurisdiction.”
“To hang with speed limit! We won’t be completing any damn goose chase if we’re stuck in Mallebog.”
“What he said.”
“Affirmative, Captain.”
There was the faintest whirring sound and then they shot forwards, weaving between some smaller skiffs and out past the shadow of an enormous shipping juggernaut, chasing the free space beyond the confines of Krizsalizs and the planet’s limits. If they could make it past the boundary before they were caught there wouldn’t be much the authorities could do. At least, not until they were caught in another UF port, which, given how expansive Lindholm’s route appeared to be, would be sooner than Julien liked.
“Are you kidding me? Why ship listen to you only?”
Yiko shrugged, eyes glinting. “I am captain.”
Mazhnaw still looked seconds away from tearing the control room apart. “What damage has been done? Are we in danger?”
“Do not worry,” chirped Zhon, whorls of green and blue light spinning through one another. “This ship’s defence is of the highest calibre with an aetornium hull and a reinforced Moze barrier shield which neutralises most pep blasts. It would require more than standard Krizsalizs watch-issue weapons to break through these shields.”
“Let us not tempt fate, yes?” said Julien, slumping in relief as they passed the glowing line augmented upon the window indicating they were free of Krizsalizs’ city boundary. The difference between this ship and the clunky old bus he had taken into the city was so stark he could scarcely believe he was flying at all, checking and then re-checking the dashboard to confirm that, yes, they were indeed cruising along at considerable speed.
“Can you fly without supervision?” said Yiko rolling out her neck. 
“Indeed I can, Captain.”
Mazhnaw blinked. “This one will not sleep while a machine pilots!”
“You can take the night shift, then,” said Julien. “I need a break.”
“I wonder what the cabins are like.”
“I bet they’re tiny. Little tin box to wedge yourself into.”
“Eh, I’ve slept in worse.”
Mazhnaw turned on them. Something about the way her huge eyes widened even further made her look like one of those little rodents that lived in the jungles of Ghoho, comically chagrined by the mutinous behaviour of her two new crewmembers. Julien had to wonder at her. Although he knew nothing of her people, or the kind of environment from which she had come, it wasn’t difficult to see that she was as far out of her depths as he. He quashed a flicker of sympathy. This was about the money and nothing more. That, and the fact that he was a wanted criminal now.
I wonder if Mischa would be proud of me.
It seemed a rather dubious honour.
“Hey, come and look at this.”
Julien gave Mazhnaw one last look and then jogged out into the narrow corridor separating them from the ship’s cabins and the stairs leading down to the galley and brig, finding Yiko poised outside one of a series of identical doors. “I was inspecting the rooms when I came to this one. It won’t let me in.” Holding her Tokkit up again, she tried scanning her authorisation only for it to make an angry noise and flash red. “None of the others did this, which seems strange. Unless Lindholm’s been smuggling in more of his less than legally acquired goods.”
He snorted. “Most likely.”
“Zhon, why can I not get in? What’s in this room?”
There was a strange pause, halting Julien from where he was peering into one of the cabins. “Can it not hear us in –”
“Yes, I am here!” The voice rumbled from all around them. “I am afraid I am having trouble working out what is causing the blockage. According to the ship plans there is nothing of note in there. It is simply a storage unit and should require no additional security.”
“You know, Zhon, I get feeling you do not respect –”
“Get us in there however you can.”
“On it, Captain!”
“Should I just leave? Why do I even bother?”
Yiko patted him on the shoulder. “Never mind. I’m sure you’ll find your role on this ship soon enough.”
“Hey! I don’t want your patronising –”
“It would appear that something is attempting to reprogramme my systems to circumvent me from registering this room. It is very strange.”
Yiko frowned, golden eyes fixing on the door. “Is there someone in there?”
A pause. Yiko and Julien exchanged a look.
“Zhon?”
“I – do not know. I cannot tell at this moment in time.”
Now Julien was beginning to grow intrigued, moving to inspect the security scanner by the door. Standard for this kind of ship, requiring an authorisation ID to allow access beyond a reinforced door roughly a foot in thickness which would require some serious equipment to break through manually. Sliding through to the back system in a series of swipes, he poked through the programming to try and locate the interloper, quickly losing himself in the intricacies of a state of the art system he had never dreamed of being given access to. 
“What is it with humans and machines?”
“Oh, shut your mouth,” he said, losing the tangle of commands he had been picking through. “What is it with birds and their squawking, hm?”
“I’m not a bird.”
“You have feathers.”
“I could call you a sand dog, if that’s your logic.”
A red light flashed and a warning window popped up. Julien hissed. “Never heard of it.”
“It’s a, hm, a little animal which lives underground and is hairless and wrinkly. Quite ugly little things. Pests, too.”
“Think I prefer worm.”
Yiko’s laughter rang out above him. “That can be arranged.”
“Argh! It fights me. Zhon, why are you blocking me?”
“I am not. I have been instructed to aid you in any way that my systems allow.”
“Your systems do not allow… access to storage?”
“No! Well, yes.” A whirring vibration, high-pitched. “I mean, they should.”
Julien tsk-ed. “Very helpful.”
“Is this the human sarcasm I have heard so much about?”
He pulled back, looking for a camera to glare at but the ceiling was a densely packed spiderweb of interlocking beams and pipes. “I say we get big hammer and smash.”
Yiko hummed. “I don’t dislike it. Zhon, do we have a weapon we can use? Are modern ships fitted with battering rams these days?”
“Oh, yes. I see why it is human sarcasm.”
“I wasn’t being sarcastic.”
“I must disagree with this assessment, Captain. Smashing does not seem to be the optimum solution. The doors of the ship are reinforced with aetornium, built to be impenetrable should we ever come under attack.”
Yiko waved him away. “If we ever find ourselves under attack I am not hiding away in a storage unit. Find us a way in, Zhon. Or I’ll find a way to bust this thing down.”
The ship made an unhappy beep and Julien snorted. It was strange to think the machine could express a sense of emotion, enough so that it was easy to forget that Zhon was not an actual person, but an AI system driving them through space. Which was why Julien had to be the one to break them into this door. A machine was only as smart as its programming, but he should be better than that, able to think out more innovative solutions than what a machine had been built to do. Still, every command he tried yielded no results. Something was definitely fighting him. 
“How about lasers?” said Yiko, crouching over him to watch the screen. “Think we could get a laser to cut through?”
Julien swatted her away. He hated anyone leaning over him but it was even worse glancing back at her strange gold eyes, luminous and locked with interest on his hands. “No lasers. We need to live on this ship for some time, hm? Give me – ah ha!”
“What’s that?”
“I override the commands now. Zhon, get ready. As soon as I get control of the systems door will open.”
“Hmm.” Zhon’s voice reverberated around the ship. “That feels strange.”
With one last line of code, Julien rocked back as the screen flashed with a green light, running a hand through his hair. “I command you now, Zhon. Open door.”
“Yes. I – hm. Yes.”
“Zhon?” said Yiko.
“I am opening the door now.”
A scraping noise came from behind the door. Julien leapt to his haunches, reaching for his pep. After a small gap was made in tortuous increments he realised that it was the door attempting to pull back, only something had to be physically blocking it on the other side. Breath whistled as he pushed it through his teeth, braced for whatever he was about to face. A thousand different scenarios flitted across his eyes: unspeakable creatures that had clambered through the vents like nettles; unknown stashes of goods, perhaps even drugs, accompanied by a whole cartel hunkered down and ready to fire; a secret illegitimate child locked away to never become a nuisance; even an assassin who had been left to kill them now that they had procured Lindholm’s relic.
“That door doesn’t look open to me,” said Yiko.
“I am trying.”
“Try harder!”
Metal groaned as it was dragged inch by inch through the groove in the floor, the whole frame creaking and quaking with laboured groans. Yiko was poised over Julien’s crouched form with the gun in both hands, aimed at her own chest height. Figuring she was better able to handle a physical altercation, Julien sidled out of the direct line of fire. Every part of him was locked up for action, fearing the worst in the creature holding back the door. He had heard the stories. Pirates accosting merchant vessels and taking the whole crew hostage if they were lucky, tossing them as bloody scraps out the airlock if they weren’t. Money be damned, this job wasn’t going to make Julien bleed.
Inch by inch the gloomy innards of the storage room were revealed, gleaming ribs of metal shelves stacked high with an assortment of boxes and crates, but he could see nothing of the interloper. For a moment he considered that perhaps they were overreacting – that it had just been a malfunction of the ship’s technology which had caused the error – but he recognised the sweetness of the lie as soon as he thought it. Dignity was a brand new, state of the art ship. They weren’t alone in here.
The door got wedged in the corner half a foot from opening fully. Grinding noises rumbled out from the walls, sparks flying. Julien craned his neck but he couldn’t see any movement, his breath catching.  From his vantage point he could only see part of the room, stacked high with various storage crates sealed off to prevent damage to the goods inside, but nothing else. They were going to have to go inside.
The moment Julien spared a glance for Yiko movement streaked out of the corner of his eye. With a yelp he rocked back, achingly slow to react as a dark shape pummelled into Yiko. A shot clanged against the wall with a thunderous boom that left little more than a dark smear. Julien had to question why he was focusing on the ship’s impressive defensive capabilities when there was a monster clawing at Yiko’s face.
“Captain, there appears to be an interloper on the ship!”
“Fuck!” said Julien, scrambling for the pep he had dropped. “Fuck,” he said again for measure, fumbling with it before he managed to aim it, but the creature and Yiko were rolling along the ground, grappling in the confined space of the corridor. They were moving so quickly his eye could hardly follow. If he tried to hit the interloper he might just end up felling his only ally.
“Stop!” he called out, to no avail. Julien waved the gun. “Stop this now or I shoot.” When that didn’t work he waggled it at the ceiling. “Zhon, help us, you useless machine.”
Then just as he was about to go back for Mazhnaw Yiko flipped the figure over and pinned it down by slamming its hands to the ground. The slamming sound echoed down the corridor, followed by a grunt. Thrashing and kicking out, the figure snarled, weird feathery gills flapping on either side of its face. Yiko grinned, refusing to budge from atop him.
“Play nice, now,” she said. “You’re the one who stole your way onto our ship.”
The thing hissed, expelling a string of sibilant noises like sand tumbling from a sack. It took a moment for the translator to register, a delay before it translated: “I will rip out your throat, kiriki.”
“Now, now. Is that any way to speak to the one who has you held down? Julien, come and help me here, will you?”
Stunned, Julien trundled forwards, stopping when the creature’s beady eyes swivelled to him. His hold on the pep wavered but he kept it aimed on a face faintly humanoid with a flattened nose bridge and drooping fronds that resembled external gills. Its skin was charcoal grey and glistening damp, a coarse crop of black hair shorter in the front but longer at the back. For a moment he could scarcely breathe, meeting Yiko’s burning gaze before she leant back, the creature’s hands bound and tied to a radiator pipe with some kind of rope.
“Well, isn’t this a turn up for the books.”
At that moment footsteps appeared, Julien jerking. He settled when Mazhnaw appeared, her dark eyes jumping to the captive pinned to the floor. “Is that…?”
Yiko nodded, eyes bright.
“I believe we have just managed to capture ourselves a caxos.”
