Drifta’s Quest 2: No Time To Die 


Drifta's Quest : No Time To Die © 2021 Gary Weston
All rights reserved
Prologue
Five hundred years earlier


“Can his leg be saved?” Mozlanalos asked. She stared down at her life partner,  Forglatkos. Less than two hours earlier, she had been asking if his life could be saved, so bad were the injuries. His fighting spirit and the skill of the doctors had saved his life, but now stable, it was damage limitation. Artificial skin replaced the burnt tissue, the shattered right arm—borderline salvageable and now encased in the ultrasonic pulsating cast—meant the medical team could concentrate on the mangled leg.
Doctor Zajnorjaz stared at the screen, then the leg, then back at the screen. She was deceptively young looking but she was the best in her area of expertise. “I’d not risk betting on it. If we can save the leg, it could have limited function.” She looked at Mozlanalos. “In the long term, we could consider a bionic replacement?”
“Perhaps. As a last resort. Is it too much to ask you try to save his leg before deciding on a replacement?”
A final look at the screen then Zajnorjaz gave her verdict. “There are some medical advances I’d like to try, if I can get it authorised. An injury of this severity would be useful for research purposes. If you’re sure…?”
Mozlanalos nodded. “If nothing else, he would approve of that.”
“Then I have much to do. I shall call you when he is out of surgery.”
“And I shall be feeling the anger of the space authorities. Just as challenging in its own way. Good luck.”
“To both of us.”
Zajnorjaz was already organising everything as Mozlanalos left the intensive care facility.  Mozlanalos hurried away from the Zelphon City medical centre, as a hovacar descended to meet her. The passenger gull-wing door swung away to let her inside, the vehicle racing away three seconds later. 
“And?” Dalmikriz said, entering a new destination code on the console.
“This is not the time. Your father...”
“My father didn't listen to me. I told him the ship wasn't ready. Would he listen to me? He would not.”
“He's fighting for his life, Dal. Did you do what I asked you to do?”
“Yes, Mother. The wreckage has been recovered and hidden. Like the last time. Its more scrap than ship, but hey. I'll cover up the mess, you deal with authorities. As we always do.”
Mozlanalos couldn't argue with the truth. Once again the impatient nature of her husband had landed them in a mess and this time she wasn't sure she could con their way out of it. Another of their unauthorised, unregistered ships leaving atmosphere was bad enough, but then returning to cause scheduled flights to abort their journeys before it crashed, demolishing one of their barns, leaving Forglatkos badly injured and close to death. Well...!
“It worked, Dal. Through all that pain as we freed him, he grabbed my hand, smiled that smile of his, and said, 'It worked.' Your ideas. Your brilliance. Your father put it to the test and it worked.”
As the hovacar weaved its way over the city skyline through the traffic, Dalmikriz took a deep breath, considered his mothers words, looked at her and broke out into a huge grin.
“Yeah. It worked.”
They were the most unconventional family on the planet but was that such a bad thing? 

Chapter 1
Present day Zelphon, Administration Planet for the Alliance.


Jalmortlov Mil’ferid hadn’t yet become accustomed to his revered status everywhere he went. He wanted nothing more than to be just a free man. Others, it seemed, had different ideas about that. 
“Ready?” Domtavora asked.
“I can’t help feeling this is a huge mistake.”
“As I’ve said before. How seriously you undertake your duties and responsibilities is entirely up to you. You join me as a leader of the Alliance Council for just one year, as you’ve agreed, I will continue in my full capacity as Principal, in this my retirement year, until our successors are elected. As far as I’m concerned, you are invaluable to us as Jorgon is undergoing her transition into a full member of the Alliance. If you oversee that, I’ll continue as before with everything else. Just enjoy your well deserved adulation.”
Jalmortlov sighed and smiled awkwardly. “I’m ready.”
“Good. Commander Zaxtormon. We are ready.”
Zaxtormon and two of his most senior officers were in full dress uniform. “Yes, Principal.”
Zaxtormon led the way, flanked by his officers then Jalmortlov and Domtavora side by side, through the Council Chamber’s doors, into the main debating chamber. As one, every councillor rose and applauded, the only empty seats being councillors’ from the furthest planets, their images appearing on screens above their seats. 
Zaxtormon stopped in the centre of the chamber, as did those behind him. “Chambers Chief Tolpwaslo. We welcome Jalmortlov Mil’ferid, Jorgonian representative and joint Council Principal elect, into the Council Chamber.”
“Thank you, Marshall Chief Zaxtormon. Jalmortlov Mil’ferid. We welcome you to the chamber. Your seat awaits.”
“On behalf of Jorgon, I thank you, Chief Tolpwaslo.”
Domtavora guided him to the seat next to his. “Perfectly done,” he whispered. “Now just relax.”
“Easier said than done,” replied Jalmortlov.
Domtavora gave him a reassuring smile as the official proceedings began, redirecting anything remotely awkward regarding the future of Jorgon to himself, thus taking the pressure off the new councillor. Jalmortlov did however, give several assurances that, with his local knowledge of that planet and its people, he would be fully disposed to Jorgon becoming a full member of the Alliance in due course. Beyond that, as other council business was debated, Jalmortlov did indeed relax as he enjoyed the spirited debates of the seven worlds. Once the day’s business concluded, he joined Domtavora for a hearty meal in his official rooms.
“Not too tedious for you I hope, Jal?” said Domtavora, pouring wine for two.
“Completely fascinating, Dom. I was amazed how much business actually got done.”
Domtavora nodded. “One of the better days. We are all just so relieved we no longer have to concern ourselves that Jorgon is a threat to the Alliance.”
“I intend to return quite soon to assure the people there that they can look forward to peace and prosperity for all.”
“In time. It will be down to you to organise a democratically-elected committee. Including former masters. Will that be an issue?”
Jalmortlov sipped his wine, wondering if he would ever get used to a life with such things. He had dreamt of freedom all his life but the transition would be challenging. “An issue? More than a century of the majority being slaves for a few? What do you think?”
Domtavora nodded. “The Alliance should have done more.”
“The Alliance should have done something. You all knew of our suffering and did nothing to help.”
This was the first time Jalmortlov had spoken this way to Domtavora. It had been a long time coming.
“The policy of the Alliance is not to interfere in the affairs of another planet.”
Jalmortlov stood and raised up his tunic to reveal his scarred body. “Imagine this, Domtavora, this on a child of nine years old. I have witnessed things you can’t even imagine. And yet you want those responsible to have the right to become councillors on Jorgon and you ask if it is going to be an issue?”
Domtavora considered his response carefully, answering in soft, measured tones. “The one thing above all else that makes a great leader, is compassion. When you quelled a possible riot of retribution by sparing the life of the deposed Regal, you showed great courage, wisdom and true compassion. It was exactly the right thing to do and I doubt a lesser man would have been capable of that. As the slave masters and guards are hugely outnumbered, it is highly unlikely any of them would be elected. They all have to earn the trust of the people by their actions from now on, but the reality is, to be a member planet of the Alliance, all free citizens must have the right to stand in any democratic elections. It is the policy…”
“Policy!”
Domtavora stood and faced Jalmortlov. “Yes, damn you. A policy which has been forged over centuries and the reason why the seven planets in the Alliance live as harmoniously as they do. I live by that policy and will die by it. It works.”
Jalmortlov seemed momentarily stunned by Domtavora’s uncharacteristic outburst. Finally he replied, “Are you saying Jorgon will not be allowed in the Alliance if all are not included in the voting?”
“Jal. You were in the chamber today. Debate is robust and healthy, but, unless policy is changed in anyway to allow otherwise, the councillors will not accept Jorgon as a member. That is a fact.”
There was too much to lose. “We are both tired. I need to reflect on this discussion. You are a warm and generous host, Domtavora. My outburst was uncalled for.”
“It was very understandable. You and your people have suffered greatly. But please. Think positively about the future, not negatively about the past.”
“I will try. Goodnight, Dom.”
“Goodnight, Jal.”
The Principal watched as the man, bent and twisted with pain and made old well before his time, left the room. He sat down, sipped his wine and wondered how he would have felt had their roles been reversed. Tomorrow would be another interesting day.

Chapter 2
Consolon. Considered the ‘home’ planet of the Alliance.


It was literally an alien night sky, sprinkled liberally with stars and one of the two moons. The purity of the air and the lack of light pollution revealed a star-packed display. It was mesmerising and awe inspiring. The visitors from Earth shared a small cabin on the land of Grakosdrak and Salashar, furnished with the bare minimum for a temporary stay. Living on the edge of the wilderness, they had been advised by Salashar not to stray too far, keeping to the sitting area in front of the cabin.
“Well, somebody had to say it,” said technical expert Joe Farmer in his strong Irish accent. At least that had been his job on their mission to Mars. He stood behind Mission Commander Carla ‘Doc’ Withers, his arms around her, his black skin a sharp contrast to her fair skin. “Like William said, we want to stay here on Consolon. Oh, come on. It’s what we’re all thinking.”
Withers squeezed his hand and breathed in, deeply, the sweetest air she had ever known. “If you say so. But you’re assuming they’ll take us in.”
“I wouldn’t if I were them,” said science officer William Romano. “What? You know as well as I do that they think all people on Earth are just primitive beings, destroying anything they touch. We’d be forever treated with suspicion.”
Mining engineer Lan Yang finally joined them. She was carrying a cloth bag full of rock samples she’d gathered. Dropping those on the wooden decking, she kissed Romano’s cheek and sat with her friends. “Too many strange rustling noises and things creeping about out there. Any beer or food left?”
Farmer pushed two small plates of food towards her. “I had to stop Will eating your share.”
Lan Yang sat and picked up a piece, examining it carefully before taking a bite. “Not sure what it is, but it’s okay. You three look pretty serious.”
“Will wants to stay here,” said Withers. “He doesn’t want to return to Earth.”
Lan Yang said, “I’ve been talking to Professor Mahelnora at the uni. She has offered me a research assistant position. Just part time to start with, but if it works out, who knows?”
“You kept that quiet,” said Withers.
“She only offered me the job today. I said I had to talk it over with you first. That’s why I’ve been on my own, thinking about what to say.”
“I am pretty sure we could all secure work of some sort if we wanted,” said Farmer. “Our skills are a little out of date here, but we’d soon catch up.”
Romano said, “As long as we’re not lab-rats to be studied, I don’t care what I do. I’ve had a gut full of being prodded and poked.” His relationship with Lan Yang had blossomed quickly once they became settled on Consolon. There had always been a thing between Withers and Farmer, and that too was growing. 
“The novelty will soon wear off,” said Withers. “We’ll be yesterday’s news before long.” She stood up and breathed in another deep lungful of the sweet night air. A colourful, inquisitive insect investigated the lamp then flew off. “Salashar told me the other day that she thought the council will expect us to be part of any future mission to Earth. They are still concerned about the possibility in the future that an advancing, aggressive people won’t necessarily be friendly towards Alliance planets.”
Farmer said, “Then that’s our strength. Our bargaining chips if you like. Our full cooperation for the chance of a permanent life here.”
“One of the reasons for our selection for the Mars mission in the first place is that none of us have much family on Earth,” said Withers. “My stepmother is still around.” She kissed Farmer on his cheek. “Not sure how I’d explain our relationship.”
“Oh, yeah? Because I’m black?”
“Hell, no. Because you are Irish. Her first husband was Irish and she never had a good word to say about them after the divorce.” She chuckled and added, “The randy old bitch will probably fancy you.”
“Can’t wait to meet her.”
Withers stretched and yawned. “Lets keep all this ambition between ourselves for the time being. Keep our options open. I’m off to bed.” She went hand in hand with Farmer, leaving Romano and Yang to think of their future together.

Chapter 3
Zelphon


“You just couldn’t leave it alone, could you, Zax,” Chambers Chief Tolpwaslo said.
“I didn’t discover it, Tol,” Commander Zaxtormon replied. “A new keen technician thought it was…interesting.”
Domtavora sighed. “Couldn’t we bury it for a year? Let my successor deal with it?”
Tolpwaslo slapped his wrist and replied, “You should be that lucky. Once we have the details confirmed, it must go to council. Zax. This technician is outside?”
“Shall I bring her in, Chief?”
“Yes. And you play nice, Dom.”
They smiled as Zax led the diminutive technician into the chief’s office and they all sat around the small conference table. Refreshments were ordered and efficiently served and the young woman nervously sipped her juice.
“Well, Rosfardo…?” Tolpwaslo asked, smiling.
“Rosfordos,” she corrected.
“From…?” asked Dom.
“Poraslon, Sir. But I was born on Goyumar.” Her grey skin and smaller nose were typical of people from that half-frozen world. On Zelphon with its warmer climate she would soon develop a deeper colour. 
“Goyumar. A lovely place, I’m sure. A very hardy people. It’s a little chilly for me, though. Our security commander has been telling us what a promising technician we have in you. And you discovered the encrypted program?”
“Yes, Sir. It was hiding in a maintenance folder, in one of the itinerary files.”
“And you knew what it was?” Tol asked.
“No, not at first. I almost ignored it, but…”
“Curiosity got the better of you,” sighed Dom, getting a warning glance from Tol. “And a good thing too,” he added, hastily. “Apart from the security commander, have you mentioned this to anyone?”
“Only Shangora…Oh. He’s my pet furbal. I tell him everything and he completely ignores me.”
Tol suppressed a chuckle. “I think it’s safe with Shangora. Now this is important, Rosfordos. Did you hand over all the information to our security commander?”
“Yes, Sir.”
“No copies?”
“No, Sir. May I ask, is what I found significant?”
Domtavora said, “It has to be properly evaluated. Obviously, as that’s being done, it’s best to keep it secret until we fully understand what we’re dealing with. Just common sense security. Isn’t that right, Commander Zaxtormon?”
“Yes, Sir. Imperative.”
“One moment, please.” Domtavora took Zaxtormon aside and whispered to him, then they sat again. “The commander has assured me you are mature enough and more than capable of heading a small team to evaluate the information. Of course, the commander will select the team and you will be promoted to reflect your new position. Does this appeal to you?”
Stunned, the young woman said, “I…err…yes, Sir. I think so. I mean yes.”
“Correct answer. Now, run along and the commander will talk to you very soon.”
Rosfordos hurried out of the room, desperate to find something to calm her nerves.
“Are you sure about this, Dom?”
“I hope so, Zax. By keeping her in the loop, we have a better chance to contain the news. At least until we understand what we’re dealing with. Select two more technicians and give one of your deep and meaningful lectures about secrecy. Give them no details until we have worked out the next step. Keep us informed.” 
“On my way.”
Tol added, “Look after her, Zax. She’s a bright young woman.”
“Understood.”
With Zax gone, Tol folded her arms and glared at Dom. “A little warning of what you were intending would have been helpful.”
Domtavora’s shrug said it all. “Relax. Besides. I have to smooth things over with Jalmortlov. Make sure his head is in the right place to deal with Jorgon. Otherwise, that could be messy.”
Tol walked over to the door. “You have an unerring capacity to attract controversy.”
“What can I say? It’s a gift. Dinner at mine tonight?”
“I can hardly wait.”
Three hours later, Zaxtormon was beginning to regret disclosing the discovery to the Principal. Now the responsibilities of investigating it and somehow keeping things under wraps weighed heavily on his broad shoulders. He now had a young, tiny, timid technician, charged with unravelling what could conceivably turn out to be one of the biggest discoveries in centuries. And before him stood the most unlikely trio of geeks he’d ever seen assembled in his office. The two young men flanked Rosfordos who was trying to stretch herself so as not to appear so small between them.
Swiping the screen to view their qualifications and experience, he glanced up from one to the other as he considered his approach. Finally, he addressed them. “First. Any significant progress, you come to me. Anything simply not adding up that you can’t get a grip on, come to me. Any major expenditure, come to me. Got that?”
Three heads nodded and three young voices mumbled their agreement.
“Second. Assuming you value your freedom,” and he let that hang, giving them his one raised eyebrow chiller look,  “You, under no circumstances, will reveal in any way what you are working on, including to any of your supervisors. Got that?”
They nodded. 
“Third. Rosfordos heads this team. Remind me of your names.”
“Nuldibral, Sir.”
“Ganzolmin, Sir.”
“You two gentlemen answer to Rosfordos. Got that?”
The two young men nodded.
“Rosfordos. Any trouble from these two, see me and I’ll sort it out. Any questions?”
“Sir,” she replied. “The ship has a team of engineers doing routine maintenance and examination at the moment. Shall we just work around them?”
“I’m aware of that. I’m assured they’ll be finished in two days. That usually means a week. In the meantime, an office and workshop for your exclusive use will be vacated in the ship’s hangar. An exact duplication of the ship’s computer had already begun, but a lack of five hundred year old spares stalled the assembly. You three geniuses will start immediately on working out what is needed and how to make it as a matter of urgency. A very generous budget has been authorised for this. Don’t abuse it. The very undertaking of making the new computer could possibly shed light on what happened to the ship, the crew and …and this is still pure conjecture…that time travel, accidentally or otherwise, occurred. The procurement department is aware of the objective to replicate the computer and ship, but have no idea why. Under no circumstances do you engage with them on the reasons for it. Right?”
“Right, Sir.”
“Good. Now go and impress me.”
Still struggling to come to terms with being chosen for such ground-breaking work, they left the room. Zax was pleased to see the team leader leading the other two out on their mission with the faintest glimmer of the glow of self-confidence emerging.
“You can do this,” she muttered to herself.
Chapter 4 


“Excited?” Driftaxol asked, propping himself up on the pillow. 
“Why? Something special happening, is there?” Maglissa teased.
“Just the minor detail of our life bonding. Only if you’re not too busy that day of course.”
Mag shrugged and examined her fingernails. “Check my diary when get a moment later, will I.” 
Drifta grabbed her, pulling her to him, planting kisses all over her neck and face. “Nobody else would have you, so you’d better take me before I change my mind.”
She slapped his shoulder and replied, “Think so special you are, don’t you.”
He grinned and said, “Not really, but I know you are very special. Right. I have a home to build. Coming?”
“Still have a business to run, do I. Have to pay for stuff somehow, do we.”
He watched her dress, never before having known such love in his life. Admiring her female charms, her dark skin and her kissable facial grooves, he couldn’t help but wonder what their child would be like. That would only happen when the new house was finished and a steady income was secured. 
Grakosdrak and Salashar had risen early and food was already on the table. Mag kissed her father, ruffled his hair to annoy him, grabbed a small portion of food, waved at Salashar and was gone. Drifta emerged from the spare bedroom, greeted his hosts and sat at the table, needing a more substantial feed before his full day’s work on the house.
“Power supply arrives today,” Drifta said. “A few more days and we can move in.”
Grakos nodded approvingly, wiping grease off his chin. “Furniture ready soon. The villagers worked hard on this, have they.”
Those living in the forest regions preferred the handmade artisan crafted furniture to that manufactured in the factories. Paying a premium price was always worthwhile for custom built goods.
“Your own little love nest,” said Salashar. “And a baby soon?”
Grakosdrak raised an eyebrow at that, not in any hurry to be a grandfather. “Years, have they. Drifta not even earning yet, is he.”
“Can’t build a home and work at the same time,” said Drifta. “Zaxtormon has offered me a job as a security officer when I’m ready. Good steady pay.”
“Hmm,” grunted Grakos. “Law enforcement. My daughter’s husband an enforcer.”
“I promise not to arrest you unless I really have to,” joked Drifta.
“Like to see you dare try, do I.”
Salashar restored order by banging the table hard enough to rattle the crockery. “Go finish a house you two.”
She watched the banter continue as the men left her alone. As they departed, the big cat Somax came in.
“Never far away when there’s food around, are you.” She scraped the leftovers into Somax’s bowl, the huge tail swishing as she gobbled the food down. “That’s it. Go hunting if still hungry.”
Somax checked the table just in case something had been overlooked. It hadn’t so she went to Salashar to be stroked then wandered out the open door again. Not for the first time did Salashar feel the silence weigh heavily on her. With Drifta and Mag making it a proper family home, she had revelled in her life, to a point. Her exciting life of flying through the space-lanes with Grakos, dealing in stuff from all over the Alliance, was something she had thought she could put behind her to enjoy another, quieter chapter in her life. The sudden silence once again brought it home that she should be living a far more adventurous life. With a sigh, she gathered the plates.

Chapter 5 


The driverless hovacart settled on the ground outside the log cabin, Drita and Grakos wasting no time unloading. A tap on the sensor had the cart heading back to base. Opening the crates, they found the instruction disc and activated it. It hovered and projected the schematics in step by step segments and the two men busied themselves with solar panels and the power tubes to the power outlets. It took three more attempts with the disc before everything finally fell into place. Drifta connected a water jug and soon had boiling water for a green herb drink.
“Not too much hassle in the end,” said Drifta, sharing the porch steps with Grakos.
“Nice family home. Mag will soon add her female touches, will she.”
“Not too fancy I hope. But a little brightening up won’t hurt.”
Grakos grinned and said, “Just say yes to whatever wants to do, she. Do it anyway, will she.”
“Yeah. We are lucky men, Grakos. Two great women.”
“Hmm. Sal misses being out there in space, does she. Getting restless.”
Drifta said, “You’ve retired though, haven’t you?”
“That was the plan, but space is in our blood.”
“It shouldn’t be long before we go back to Earth on that peace mission with our Earth friends. That should prove interesting.”
Grakos looked down the valley at his own home and the outbuildings where the four Earth people were staying. “Not so sure they want to return do they. Settled here on our planet, have they.”
“Well, Earth wouldn’t be my first choice to live either. Damned sure Mag wouldn’t go there.”
Grakos slapped Drifta’s shoulder. “Here is your home. And get back to work on it, must we.”
Next morning, some of the furniture from the forest village turned up, a young lad expertly controlling the two massive broxon beasts as they pulled the cart to the front of the cabin.
“Greetings, Sim,” said Drifta, unloading the smaller items off the top of the pile. “Excellent work all this.”
Simnokal replied, “Last many years will this for you, Drifta. Made that storage box myself, did I.”
“And a solid, handsome piece it is, too. There. That’s the lot. And the rest of it?”
“Day after tomorrow, about the same time.”
“Perfect. I’ll be here. Bye.”
With a flick of the reins, the broxen pulled the cart around to head back to his village home where Sim was learning the traditional skills which would ensure a long and creative future.
   
Chapter 6
Jorgon


“It all looks peaceful enough, Sir,” said Lovibeme, the highly-experienced female enforcer’s three pip captain. “I’ll do a low surveillance tour of the city to be sure.”
Deputy Alliance Principal Jalmortlov sat by her side, nervously staring out at the Jorgon capital. “Better than I’d hoped for. No sign of damage or fighting.”
“Possible equipment failure has meant a lack of communication between us. My instructions are to make sure everything is okay before letting you off the ship. And we go straight back to Zelphon if anything presents a risk to you.”
“There. People are coming out to see us,” said Jalmortlov, pointing, delighted to see his people again.
“No signs of weapons. We’ll land over in that square.” Lovibeme instructed the pilot Nolftakusil, and alerted her platoon. In a cloud of dust the fighter set down, the rear hatch opening wide. Ten fully armed enforcers came down the ramp, alert to any threat. Jalmortlov unbuckled his seat harness and the captain wagged a warning finger at him. 
“Don’t even think about it, Sir. You stay on the ship until I’m sure it’s safe. In the event of an attack, the pilot will take off without us and put the ship in orbit with you onboard. Understood, Sir?”
“Understood, Captain.”
The captain had final words with the pilot and joined her enforcers, the hatch closing up behind them. A crowd was filling the square, unarmed men and women, some children of all ages too. A man and woman approached. 
“I am Enforcer Captain Lovibeme. Who represents you on Jorgon?”
A man and woman stepped forward. The woman spoke. “My name is Parzandor and this is my sister, Gotloskad. We are the temporary representatives until the elections. Welcome.”
“Why are we not getting communications from Jorgon?”
“A small pocket of the old guard took it upon themselves to cut us off from the Alliance and they were able to damage the communications equipment before we stopped them,” said Gotloskad. “We think they have all been dealt with, but a few others may be still hiding underground, outside the city.”
“Any idea of numbers and weapons?”
“We think this subversion was planned years ago,” said Parzandor. “All masters were offered their freedom and most took it. A lot were killed in the uprising. We think between one and two hundred simply vanished.”
“In other words nobody knows,” said Lovibeme. 
“The city is as safe as we can make it,” said Gotloskad. 
Lovibeme considered this information then radioed the pilot. A minute later, the hatch swung down and Jalmortlov Mil’ferid stepped down off the ship. 
“Jal!” yelled Gotloskad, running through the troops to throw her arms about Jalmortlov. “You are home!”
There was huge cheering from the crowd as the word quickly spread. Jalmortlov waved at them, feeling their love. “It’s alright, Captain. I’m here to stay.”
“Right, Sir. You will have an armed escort until we are certain you are safe and communications are restored.”
“Of course, Captain. Now I have much to talk over with my friends here.”
“Then I shall stay with you while the others do what is necessary. Your belongings will stay on the ship until we take off, Sir.”
“Agreed. Now Gotloskad. Parzandor. Where can we talk?”
Parzandor grinned and said, “The old palace is now Jorgon’s new council chambers. The Regal  has the servants’ quarters as his home. What little family he had were killed off in the uprising.”
“Not too comfortable for the Regal, I hope?”
“Very basic. You look well, Jal.”
“As do you and our people,” Jal replied. “Good food and health care and they have recovered well.”
“This way,” said Gotloskad. 
The crowd parted, many still cheering as their hero Jalmortlov Mil’ferid was escorted the short walk to the old palace. Lovibeme and her officers surrounded Jal and his two old friends, fully alert, their eyes everywhere. They entered the palace and the entrance was shut and guarded. The excited crowd lingered for awhile, then disbursed. Once the captain was certain the palace was secure and safe, she ordered a thorough sweep of the city, herself staying in the palace. 
Refreshments organised, Jalmortlov felt fully relaxed and at home, at least on the planet. The huge room in which they sat still had signs of the indulgent, opulent lifestyle the Regent and his family enjoyed due to the misery of the slaves. They were symbols to be despised but had to be retained as reminders of that brutal time. Nobody should ever forget.
“This is not a home I could ever feel comfortable in, if that is your plan for me.”
Gotloskad nodded and smiled, expecting this. “We thought as much. We have selected secure rooms on the second floor, to be furnished however you wish.”
“Is that acceptable, Jal?” Parzandor asked.
“Possibly. We shall see. This is a time of transition for Jorgon. The Alliance will help as much or as little as we want. It will take time to have the Alliance Council fully accept us into the Alliance.”
Parzandor asked, “Is joining the Alliance the right thing for Jorgon, Jal? We could remain independent and just trade with them.” 
Jalmortlov nodded. “Indeed we could do that. The Alliance Council is quite open to either option. My personal feelings on this, for what it’s worth, is that we would be much stronger as a full member. Having debated this with them at some length, it has been agreed when the time is right, to put it to the vote of our people. But time enough for all of that later. You say there is still a small resistance faction causing trouble?”
“Yes,” said Gotloskad. “Perhaps a hundred in total. We can guess at a few, but they are generally unknown and fled from the city. We decided not to kill them because of your desire to heal rather than seek retribution.”
“I still feel that way is best.”
At that moment, an enforcer entered. “Captain. The city is secure.”
“Thank you, Sergeant. Get everyone on the ship and I’ll be there shortly. Oh. One moment. Jalmortlov, Sir. I have to formally ask you this. Do you wish to stay?”
“Yes.”
“Sergeant Balcobardok. Have the Deputy’s belongings brought here and have the pilot prepare to take off when I arrive.”
“Yes, Captain.”
Less than one hour later, the ship lifted off the ground, Jalmortlov, Gotloskad and Parzandor watching from the steps of the palace. With the ship gone, they went back inside with much to do.
But the ship wasn’t gone, not yet. Lovibeme took the initiative and the opportunity to fly the fighter low and slow over the terrain surrounding the city. 
“Just what are we looking for, Captain?” asked Nolftakusil. 
“Anything that shouldn’t be there. Take us further out and around the city.”
Recording everything, they continued the search for two hours, extending the distance from the city boundaries by two thousand miles. Other than the dense forests, all they could see were villages, farms and forestry. 
“Take us home. I’ll relay the data to Commander Zaxtormon.”
“Yes, Captain.”

Chapter 7


Domtavora walked briskly along the corridor with Zaxtormon.
“Zax, I just hope Jalmortlov knows what he’s doing, staying on Jorgon.”
“You expected him to do otherwise?”
“Not at all. But from what that young captain…”
“Lovibeme.”
“Right. From what she reported, there are still a few of the old order hiding outside the main city who could pose a threat.”
“And quite a few inside the city, I suspect. Living their lives in the community, just waiting for the time to strike again. Not much we can do about it from here. We’re scrutinising the data and if there’s anything to find, we should find it.”
Domtavora said, “Even if we do, with Jorgon not an Alliance member, we would have no jurisdiction to interfere.”
“Unless it poses a threat to the Alliance.”
“Council approval would still be a prerequisite.”
“So reassuring.”
“Zax. Some of the councillors are quite intelligent.”
“I heard that rumour.” 
 Zaxtormon swiped a door sensor and they entered the huge hangar. Technicians busied themselves on the new-old ship, recreating the five hundred year old vessel. They barely glanced at the activity, heading instead to a secure technical workshop taking up one corner. The sensor picked up their presence and the door opened, closing behind them immediately.
“A messy bunch,” whispered Domtavora, seeing the organised chaos around him. “Is all that wiring hanging all over the place safe?”
“As nobody has been killed so far, I assume so.”
They walked over to the office in one corner. Rosfordos, the diminutive group leader, smiled awkwardly at the visitors. “Principal Domtavora. Welcome.”
“Thank you. I’ve been hearing what remarkable work you’ve been doing here. All of which you’ve kept confidential.”
“The others have given up trying to get us to say anything, more or less. Some of the rumours and guesses have been worryingly close to the truth, though.”
“Unavoidable,” said Zaxtormon. “I have told Principal Domtavora of your significant breakthrough.”
“The implications are…I have no idea, Sir. This way.” The two male technicians under her supervision were standing at a workstation, unravelling a tangle of cables hanging from the ceiling. “Not as dangerous as it looks, Sir,” she assured the esteemed visitors. An alarm sounded and she slapped a control panel. Nothing happened so she hit it harder and silenced the alarm. “It does that sometimes. Nothing to worry about.”
Domtavora’s raised eyebrow glance at Zaxtormon had the big man rolling his eyes and sighing. The two technicians climbed down, fidgeting nervously.
“Relax, gentlemen. This is Principal Domtavora as I’m sure you are already aware. Introduce yourselves to him.”
“Nuldibral, Sir.”
“Ganzolmin, Sir.”
“Right,” said Domtavora. “And this is the replica computer?”
“No, Sir,” replied Ganzolmin. “That cooks our snacks.”
“This is the computer, Sir,” said Nuldibral. “As close as possible to the original. Once we replicated all the data from the original computer, it ran perfectly.”
“Excellent work,” said Domtavora, genuinely impressed. “We have to safeguard the original at all cost. So you have made some discoveries, I am told.”
Rosfordos said, “About ninety percent of the data is fairly general stuff; how the ship was running, how the family adapted to their life in space. Interesting historically but hardly significant. Then yesterday…please take a seat over here and we’ll run what we have.”
Domtavora and Zaxtormon sat and waited patiently as the technicians worked, the lights dimmed and the images of the old ship’s interior, along with the family on board were so clear, it was easy to imagine being right there with them. For something centuries old, it made Domtavora gasp at the clarity of it all. But that was nothing as to what was revealed next.

Chapter 8
Consolon


The four guests from Earth had given what help they could on the building of the new house, fitting it around the demands on their time of the academic and engineering communities eager for the first hand accounts of life on Earth. Now, for a couple of days at least, they were able to repay some of their hosts’ hospitality by putting the finishing touches to the house.
Romano and Farmer moved the last of the heavy furniture in place; Withers and Lan Yang finished off the cleaning and decorating.
Grakos and Drifta connected and tested apparatus to the new power supply until satisfied it was safe. Salashar would also test it later. When she joined the others with ample refreshments, she squeezed up with Grakos on a chair, admiring the new home. 
“Mag will be so happy. A real home is this. But news for you have I.”
“Which is?” asked Drifta.
“A ship is on it’s way to take us to Zelphon.”
“Then to take us to Earth?” Withers asked.
“That was always going to happen one day,” said Farmer.
“More to it than that, there is,” said Salashar. “Zaxtormon called personally on a secure channel. Gave no more details did he.”
Drifta finished off his beer and said, “Surely it can be nothing more than to plan the trip to Earth. It had to happen sometime.”
Grakosdrak’s instincts and natural suspicions of the Enforcers, especially the commander, told him otherwise. “It’s something big if Zaxtormon called personally. Hmm. But the ceremony will be tomorrow as planned.”
And so it was. This was to be the traditional life bonding ceremony Maglissa had always dreamt of. She had gone to the village with her birth mother, Darluvla, on a broxen cart decorated with seasonal flowers. Drifta, her father and Salashar, along with the Earth humans as special guests were to arrive later for the ceremony. The cart hauled them along the dirt track, village children singing and laughing merrily as they scattered petals over the visitors. A semi-circle of benches in the meeting square had also been colourfully decorated and the whole village had turned out in their best clothes to enjoy the day. The broxen were halted just outside the square and an old man with a cloak and a heavy gold chain greeted them. A blacksmith all his life, he was also the local life bonder.
“For what come here to this place today, have you?” came the traditional life bonding greeting.
Drifta replied, “To have my life blessed by bonding with Maglissa.”
“Then take your place at the bonding stone must you.”
Drifta, Grakos and Salashar alighted from the cart and the elder led them to the centre of the square where stood an ancient carved stone, the height of a man. A pair of joined hands were carved in the middle of other mysterious symbols. The elder nodded to a boy who banged a huge gong just once. Three minutes of anxious waiting seemed like hours to Drifta then the gong was struck again as Maglissa arrived with two handmaidens, approving gasps of admiration at her beauty coming from the villagers. Drifta almost forgot to breathe as she parted her veil and smiled at him. Her hair had been braided with a mass of colourful tiny flowers, and a gift from her mother of Porsolonian crystals on a silver chain hung around her neck and changed colours in the sunlight. A simple white full length dress was set off with a cloak of the bluest wassusi bird feathers. Maglissa seemed to shimmer in the dappled sunlight.
“Your name, maiden?” asked the elder. 
“Maglissa.”
“And is it your wish to be life bonded to this man?”
“It is, Sir.”
To Drifta, the elder asked. “Your name, Sir?”
“Driftaxol, Sir.”
“And is it your wish to be life bonded to this woman?”
“It is, Sir.”
“Have a home to share, you two?”
“We do.”
“Does anyone here object to this life bonding?” Silence. “Driftaxol. Place your hand on the hand of the bonding stone.”
Drifta did this.
“Maglissa. Place your hand on the hand of the bonding stone.”
Maglissa did this.
“Now form the bonding circle with your free hands. Life bonding is a declaration of love for each other and the exclusion of all other lovers. This is a bonding for life. Is this what both wish for you?”
“Yes,” they said in unison.
“Then by the authority vested in me as bonder, pronounce that life bonded are you, do I. Kiss.”
To the cheers of the congregation, the happy couple kissed. 
They celebrated in the communal hall, singing and dancing with much food, wine and beer. 
Darluvla finally found a quiet moment to talk with her daughter. “So beautiful are you. Just wish this bonding had been arranged by me in the city do I, not here in the middle of nowhere, surrounded by repulsive animals.”
“Our friends are these people, mother. How we want this do we.”
“Of course, Mag. I’m sure the dirt will come off eventually when return to the city do I. Ah, Driftalox.”
“Driftaxol, Darluvla. But as you well know, everyone calls me Drifta.”
“Hmm. Indeed, Driftalox. I suppose time will tell if a good choice she has made, my daughter. Can only hope so, do I.”
“She’s in safe hands, I promise you. I do realise how lucky I am.”
“On that agree do we. Is there any wine here actually drinkable?”
“I’ll see what I can find.”
“Mother!” snapped Maglissa, as Drifta walked away.
“What? Is decent wine at her daughter’s bonding too much to expect?” She scowled over at Grakosdrak, her former husband. He just glared back, raising a glass of the expensive wine he had imported specially for the occasion. 
“Just smile at her sweetly, you,” whispered Salashar.
“Smiling am I.”
“Hmm. Fooled me, could you.”
After much merriment, it was time to go home, Maglissa and Driftaxol finally bonded, Darluvla drove herself back to her inner city home, the others taking the decorated broxen cart to Grakosdrak’s estate. The happy couple stood on the porch of their new home and waved at the others. Driftaxol opened the door for Maglissa, just as the Alliance ship passed over head and gently landed nearby.
“Now?” moaned Drifta. “Seriously?”
“Perhaps will go away if ignore them do we.”
But they weren’t that lucky.

Chapter 9


This was one flight nobody wanted to take. Certainly not the Earth humans who had hopes of settling on Consolon. Captain Lovibeme had been advised by Zaxtormon to be patient and polite but also firm. It made for a cramped flight with ten on board and Lovibeme left her pilot in charge of the flight deck so she could talk to her passengers.
“This couldn’t wait at least one night?” moaned Drifta.
“Poor timing,” agreed Lovibeme. “Just following my orders.” She was looking at the four Earth humans, the first she had ever seen. She had heard of Drifta of course, and knew what he looked like, but had never met him before. He was more like the Earth humans than her own people. Still. Not an unattractive man, she thought. 
“Do you know when we take off for Earth?” asked Withers.
“I only know to bring all of you with me back to Zelphon. So. Life bonded, you two. Congratulations.” 
“Thanks. Not bonded yet. You?” Mag asked.
“Too busy. One day I’ll settle down.” She turned to Salashar. “You are a legend at the academy. So many adventures. It was because of you I joined the Enforcers.”
“To arrest me?”
Lovibeme laughed. “No. I mean to be in space. You inspired many of us.”
Salashar looked at Grakosdrak, elbowing him in the ribs. “See? Inspired her, did I. Not you.”
“Hmm,” said Grakos. 
“Young to have your own command, you,” said Salashar.
“Top of my class. Made captain after two years. A three pip captain now.”
“Impressive. No formal training have I.”
“Still a legend. Keen to get into space again?”
“Not really,” said Grakos.
“Can’t wait,” admitted Salashar.
This surprised Grakos. “Miss all that flying around space in a ship, do you?”
“Always time for one more adventure,” said Salashar.
“Care to fly this ship awhile?” Lovibeme asked. “We have about one hour before we enter a split.”
“Oh, yes!”
On the flight-deck, Salashar eagerly fastened herself into the co-pilots seat. All Alliance ships followed a standard layout with the controls but updates with the technology still showed differences between new and older ships. This enforcer transporter was not too different to her own ship. She asked the pilot a few questions to be sure nothing dangerous could be done accidentally, then Lovibeme let her assume control and took a back-seat.
Keeping fairly close to the preset course, Salashar took the ship off auto and skimmed around a rogue moon which had been knocked out of orbit millions of years ago. Half an hour later, it was time for the pilot to take over so they could enter a split for a fast journey to Zelphon, the administration planet.
“That was fun,” said Salashar, “Thank you, both.”
“You are welcome,” said Lovibeme.
“Nice job,” said Nolftakusil. Like all other pilots she was a civilian, drafted as and when required. 
Salashar was still beaming as she sat next to Grakosdrak. Minutes later, the order to buckle up was given as they were close to entering a split. The drives changed smoothly, that familiar change in hum, and then came the strange, eerie silence as they used the natural phenomenon of the split to travel at several times light speed. The theories of how it all worked had never been fully resolved, so generally it was just a matter of acceptance. Those months of pre-split travel between Alliance planets now took days and nobody complained about that. After a short flight in normal space once they left the split they were landing at the Enforcer Space Port. Zaxtormon greeted them and had all but the pilot taken to their accommodation.
“No problems, Captain?”
Lovibeme replied, “No, Sir. The ship handled well and all passengers were in good spirits.”
“Good. You two are due a few days leave. Enjoy them.”
“Yes, Sir.”
Zaxtormon then found the others in the accommodation unit. They were still busy putting their spare clothes and belongings away.
“Hi, Zax,” said Drifta. “I hope this is important, seeing as how Mag and I have just bonded.”
“Sorry to have interrupted your celebrations. Our split monitoring satellites show the main split towards Earth close to optimum position.”
Withers said, “My understanding is that the splits can change position. Kind of like a ribbon in a breeze.”
“Hmm. That’s a very simplistic explanation of them, but near enough. If a ribbon was tied to a post outside, hanging down with no breeze it would stay just in one position. A light breeze would move it, but it would still more or less hang in the same direction. On a scale of light years in distance, a slight ripple can make getting to Earth or another planet, easier or harder. Factor in the planet’s position in its orbit, in this case Earth, and the orbit of Zelphon, means there are optimum times to using the splits to the best advantage. Our predictions have a success rate of seventy nine percent accuracy and the calculations indicate that in nine Zelphon days, we should be close to optimum as we can be. This means you need to take off from here in a little over three days to get to and to use the split.”
“In my old ship?” Grakosdrak asked. 
“No. A ship has been specially prepared and adapted for all of you. Final tests and checks are happening right now.”
“So she’s been on a test flight?” Drifta asked.
“Computer simulations only,” admitted Zax.
“Not the way things should be done,” said Salashar. “Out of orbit testing must be done, say I.”
“I agree,” said Withers. “For a journey of such magnitude, a trial flight at least.”
“No time for that,” said Zax. “You take her up, two orbits then head out. Anything not right, you abandon the mission and return. If you can’t do that, we will rescue you. Or, you have the option of just saying no and staying, and going back to Consolon.”
Farmer said, “Actually, we have debated this between us. If we were allowed to stay on Consolon, we would like that.”
Zax said, “I would have no objections, but it would not be my decision. However, getting you home to Earth is not the main reason for going. Having you go back would be the opportunity to explain we have a better way to live and do not wish that at risk from Earth. As they advance in space travel, perhaps even discover split technology, that danger becomes a reality.”
Lan Yang said, “They wouldn’t listen. Not even to us.”
“Yeah, best left alone, I reckon,” said Farmer. “My guess is they’ll destroy themselves before they got anywhere near here.”
“Probably true,” agreed Zax. “But try we must. It would be better if you went with a few of our people.”
Romano said, “We could give a first hand account to our people of the Alliance planets. Show them some recordings of the planets and the people who live here. It might work.”
Drifta said, “We need to discuss this carefully.”
“Yes,” agreed Zax. “Tomorrow morning there is a special meeting. Select Alliance Councillors will attend and you can voice your opinions and concerns. I have to go. Refreshments will be brought to you.”
Salashar asked, “When see the ship, will we?”
“After the meeting if you agree to go to Earth.”
“An interesting day will it be for us,” said Maglissa. 

Chapter 10


The meeting the next morning followed a light breakfast. The eight on the mission were joined by Zaxtormon and Domtavora with Rosfordos, looking uncomfortably out of place—being anywhere else was preferable. Mixgufaly, head of engineering and the one with overall responsibility for the build of the new ship shuffled her feet which were urging her to run off in any direction just to get away. A dozen councillors selected from the seven planets had little space flight experience but it was time to be open about the mission. 
Domtavora smiled at the assembly. “First may I say congratulations to the happy couple, Maglissa and Driftaxol. Seldom have I seen a couple so right for each other. But now we must discuss matters in hand. Commander Withers.”
“Sir?”
“Understandably, you and your crew have expressed a desire to make new lives for yourselves on Consolon.”
“We already feel at home there, Sir.”
“Indeed. And you have all been offered serious employment possibilities. Having spoken to the appropriate departments, I’m assured there appears to be no objections to you living on Consolon.”
There came murmurs of delight from the Earth Humans, and generally positive comments from the councillors.
“However,” added Domtavora, raising a hand to restore order, “it is in everyone’s interest that you undertake this diplomatic mission to the Earth. I cannot emphasise the importance of this mission enough and it is no exaggeration to declare that this could be Earth’s last chance to survive.”
Farmer asked, “Are you saying the Alliance would attack Earth if we are unsuccessful?”
“Absolutely not,” said Domtavora. “I am merely pointing out the obvious, that Earth humans’ natural propensity towards violence and with advances in their technology will, in our opinion, have only one outcome. Self destruction. You must do all in your power to steer them towards a path of peaceful coexistence—amongst themselves to begin with, then with us eventually. I must advise it is only a slim majority on the Alliance Council who think Earth humans should be given any help or encouragement from us. More than a few are of the opinion we should simply let them destroy themselves so we no longer have to worry about them.”
“An understandable opinion,” offered one councillor, candidly.
The Earth humans fully understood that argument and had no response other than to stare dejectedly at the floor, their hearts heavy with sadness and shame for their own kind.
“We must try,” said Drifta. “We know there are good people doing great things on Earth. We must seek out who are the most influential.”
Zaxtormon said, “That is your mission. Your ship will have our basic defence systems, still far advanced on anything they have on Earth, but it is still just one ship.”
Mixgufaly said, “Your ship is far superior to anything you may encounter and you are expected to use the ship’s speed to keep you out of trouble. But as the security commander just said, it is still only one ship.”
Lan Yang asked, “If we are unsuccessful with diplomacy and need to retreat from a hostile situation, will the four of us be allowed to return permanently?”
“Of course,” said Domtavora, “but an unsuccessful mission will be the last mission to that planet.”
Grakosdrak said, “Understand our mission and consequences, do we. Now understand our ship, must we.”
“Agreed. I will leave you in the capable hands of Mixgufaly and Rosfordos to familiarise yourselves with the ship. I will next see you at the launch.” Domtavora stood to conclude the meeting. “Good luck, everyone.”

Chapter 11


There was one thing they all agreed on. It was the strangest looking ship they had ever seen. Half the size of a standard cargo freighter, three times the size of an enforcer’s fighter. The dull green grey of the marsillion coating was the only thing common to all Alliance ships. Three plasma drives protruded from the rear in a cluster. Around the hull in almost random fashion as if some afterthought or late addition had been ordered by engineering, were smooth domes which an observer could be forgiven for thinking the ship had some strange disease. There were two dark matter converter antennae instead of the usual one. 
Salashar, one of the most experienced pilots around, was less interested in its aesthetic appeal than its functionality. The main entrance lowered as a ramp from the belly of the vessel, with smaller emergency airlocks on either side of the hull. 
“Top marks for being ugly,” said Grakosdrak.
“Does she work as a ship being more important, think I,” said Salashar, stroking the hull.
Drifta had been on his fair share of ships to know he was looking at something unique. “There’s something familiar yet different about her. I’ve seen pictures of something like…got it! Forglatkos’ ship had a similar shape.”
Mixgufaly, the responsible engineer, smiled. “And it only took us five hundred years to replicate it, or at least where it matters. Forglatkos was restricted by finance and not having the backing of the authorities of the day. It is doubtful he would have built something so strange had he been blessed with the finance and facilities we have now.”
“Much bigger than Forglatkos’ ship, think I,” said Salashar.
Mixgufaly said, “Extended for more accommodation and provisions. Also, apart from what we decided should be duplicated from the original for the success of the mission, it is completely state of the art inside.”
“Good to know,” said Maglissa. “Ships can be claustrophobic at the best of times. With eight onboard we need all the space we can get.”
“I wouldn’t call it luxurious,” said Mixgufaly, “but it’s more than adequate. Time constraints do not allow for full space testing other than simulations which have been exhaustive. That said, it is a new ship…”
“With new problems,” said Salashar. “The computers?”
“The best technology available. But with some…” he looked at Rosfordos, one eyebrow cocked in a meaningful way. “Care to explain?”
The shy technician spoke softly, uncomfortable speaking to an audience. “Making the new technology compatible with the computers of ancient origins and software Forglatkos developed himself, or rather his brilliant partner Mozlanalos created, was the biggest problem that my small team had to solve.”
“And?” Salashar asked.
“Many virtual trials and scenarios were run, including the most unlikely situations imaginable, and it all ran almost faultlessly.”
Withers spoke up. “Almost? Our lives depend on this.”
Mixgufaly said, “Rosfordos needs to ensure Salashar is completely expert in the systems and I’m sure it will be fine.”
“Not acceptable,” snapped Grakos. “Too many unknowns with this ship as it is, say I. She comes with us.”
Rosfordos gasped, an expression of anxiety on her fresh young face. “Oh, no. I’ve only had two flights in space, the last one to come to Zelphon as a passenger. I have no real experience…”
Maglissa said, “Either you go with us or all stay, do we.”
“But I…”
“Agreed,” said Zaxtormon, exerting his authority on the proceedings. “She weighs next to nothing so comes within the tolerances already calculated. That is so, Mixgufaly?”
“I see no issues with her going, Commander.”
“But…”
“A great adventure, Rosfordos,” said Zax. “Following in the footsteps of your hero, Mozlanalos. Make her proud. Make us all proud.”
With so many faces staring at her, all waiting for her decision and the fate of the mission even taking off weighing heavily on her young shoulders, she finally sighed and said, “Okay.”
Salashar put a motherly arm around the girl. “It’ll be fun. Now show us the inside of the ship.”
Ten minutes later, the crew, now numbering nine, started up the ramp, Rosfordos glancing back at Zaxtormon hoping for a change of mind which didn’t come, just a little wave and a smile before they disappeared into the belly of the ship.

Chapter 12  


The days until take-off were intense, mostly given over to final adjustments to accommodate the ninth crew member and also for the crew to learn all about the ship. Salashar and Rosfordos spent every waking hour on the flight-deck.
“Going to tell me now, are you?” Salashar asked as she gave yet another dummy run of the controls sequencing for the launch.
“Tell you?”
“About the data files I can’t seem to access. Need to trust each other, do we. Both know the files are there, do we. This is not the time to hold anything back, Ros.”
Salashar stopped fiddling with the controls and stared intently at the girl but said nothing more. Rosfordos glanced over her shoulder at the open flight deck door to ensure no one could hear her. She saw nobody in the passageway which was the main artery of that entire deck, hearing the background sounds of human activity as the others made the ship into something to call home. 
“I’m not supposed to…Right. There are only what we think are theoretical models for time travelling in this ship. The computer has completely separate and isolated pathways for that and will only respond to a preset command from me.”
Salashar smiled, having finally heard the truth. “Deemed too dangerous and unpredictable for us to even try.”
“Yes. By command of Principal Domtavora himself. Anticipating this moment, he had only one instruction for you.”
“Instruction for me?”
“Yes. He just said, ‘forget it and say nothing to the others about it’.”
“Hmm. Always a wise man, thought I.” Salashar paused, then said, “But it is possible, right?”
“Forget it. And say nothing…”
“Nothing to the others. Right.”
So for the few remaining prelaunch days, Salashar indeed said no more about it. That didn’t stop her thinking about it, though. The morning of the launch simply had far too much activity for them to concentrate on anything other than getting the ship off the runway. From the observation platform, all the engineers and technicians involved with the project but not in the control centre were behind the barriers to watch their handiwork take to the sky. Several Alliance Councillors were also there but only Domtavora and Zaxtormon spoke to the crew.
“All down to you, now,” said Domtavora. “Once in the split we shall have no contact.” He looked at their brave faces, some more familiar than others. “I couldn’t think of a finer, more capable crew than this one. Take care of Rosfordos for us. She’s more than a little apprehensive I suspect. Zax?”
“Nothing more to add other than I wish for your safe return. Grakosdrak, try not to provoke the Earth humans too much once you get there.”
“Me?”
“Just saying. Good luck, everyone.”
It was time to go and the crew went up the ramp which closed behind them. Domtavora and Zaxtormon retreated to a safe distance and the jets lifting the huge ship off the ground roared into life, then it hovered for a moment. The three plasma drives blasted the ship away and within seconds it became a speck on the horizon, then it was gone.

Chapter 13


Rosfordos had had a fairly sheltered life, born on a far off Alliance planet called Goyumar, more of a mining settlement than a well populated planet, until she moved to Poraslon for training in computers, then taking up a technical research position on Zelphon. The lure of working on the actual ship of her heroes Forglatkos and even more so, Mozlanalos, had been overwhelming. What she hadn’t anticipated was to embark on what seemed such a perilous venture on the replica ship. She had almost pleaded with her two technicians, Nuldibral and Ganzolmin to swap places with her, but neither felt so inclined. She was stuck with it.
“Everything will be okay.”
“Sorry?”
“Just thinking aloud, Salashar. Trying to convince myself. We will, won’t we? Be okay I mean?”
Salashar swivelled in her pilots chair. She felt an affinity with this girl, perhaps reminding her of her younger self. 
“Maybe inexperienced are you, but not unwise. The truth is, all space travel has its risks. Grakosdrak and I have had many adventures, Drifta too. Things can go wrong, unexplained things happen unexpectedly.”
“How do you live with such uncertainty?”
Salashar smiled. “Live with it? Always lived for it, have I. For a year now I have lived in our home on Consolon, doing safe little things. Out of my head with boredom was I. Alive again now am I.”
“I have heard of your adventures as pirates.”
“Traders,” insisted Salashar. She leaned over and whispered, “Never call Grakosdrak a pirate.”
“Right. But this mission. We are going to a brutal, warlike planet. People who think nothing of killing their own kind.”
“All true. Personally, I can’t see any way us going there and asking them to play nice will accomplish anything. That said, have four of their kind on this ship do we. Have grown to like and trust them have I. That gives me some hope.”
“The alternatives are too dire.” Rosfordos returned her attention to the control panel. “Everything checks out. All systems functioning within normal parameters. Looking good so far.”
Salashar said, “Time to really test her. I’ll do the flying, you monitor everything.” She tapped a sensor. “Stay buckled up, everyone. Taking her up to one quarter speed… now!” Nothing happened. “There seems to be a glitch in the…wow!” The ship suddenly responded and blasted in seconds to one quarter the speed of light, automatically avoiding larger space debris, finding a random clear path through space. “Yes!” That was until instruments went crazy and the navigation jets suddenly stopped firing. The moon of Zelphon loomed large and they were on a direct course for it. Some frantic teamwork as catastrophe seemed inevitable and three seconds of holding their breath until the jets kicked in and they skimmed by that airless moon close enough to cause a dust storm before they veered away into space again.
“We…We almost…” said a shaken Rosfordos.
“Some fine tuning must we do,” said Salashar, brushing off their near death experience. “Nothing to worry about.” 
Salashar took the ship through every manoeuvre possible, Rosfordos making data corrections to the software until everything was in total synchronisation. Then they repeated the exercise three more times.
“One tenth speed,” said Salashar. “Well done, you. Excellent work.”
“And that was impressive flying.”
“Just warming up. Now a break for all of us and we go find the split. Once in there, on our own are we. No help from any Alliance ships.”
They joined the others in the cramped galley, all taking refreshments from the ship’s basic rations. 
“Not break my ship did you two,” said Grakosdrak. “A positive outcome think I.”
Salashar said, “For once had a really good co-pilot did I. A real professional is she.”
“Is that so?” replied Grakosdrak, taking Salashar’s jibe on his bearded chin. “Then glad to delegate that responsibility to Rosfordos.”
Not sure of any appropriate response, Rosfordos just smiled politely and continued picking at her food.
“Stop worrying the girl, you two,” warned Maglissa. “Ros. Banter is all part of ship life. Nothing meant by it.”
“I get that, Mag, but taking the ship into a split is a little daunting.”
Salashar said, “Every confidence in you do we have. Time now to do this. About one hour to the computed split access coordinates. Once buckled up, stay put until I say otherwise. Let’s go, co-pilot Ros.”
Rosfordos stood to leave the galley, the bulk of Grakosdrak blocking her way. “Excuse me, Sir.”
Grakosdrak moved out of her way and bowed his head. “Certainly, co-pilot Ros. See you in the split. Hopefully.”
Ros squeezed by him and Salashar thumped his arm as she passed him. Back on the flight-deck, Salashar strapped herself into her captain’s chair and busied herself with the controls. “Grakos is an idiot. A typical man, sorry to say.”
“Just banter.”
“Good for you. One quarter light speed to our split. Salashar calling Alliance Space Command Centre.”
“Command receiving you, Salashar. We are tracking your course. The split is still as anticipated.”
“Good. Advise us on any unpredicted fluctuations for ship’s reprogramming.”
“Will do. ETA forty nine minutes. Any concerns with the ship, Captain?”
“Not so far.”
“Abort the mission if there are any systems failures. No compromises.”
“Understood.”
Minutes ticked by, filled with continuous adjustments and corrections by both Salashar and Rosfordos. By the time they reached the split, a rippling ribbon of energy itself many millions of miles wide, Rosfordos no longer felt like a passenger or even a spare part. She was now a fully fledged member of the crew. All they had to do was survive the journey in the split.
“This is Captain Salashar. Preparing to change drives for the split. Time to go.”
“The Alliance Space Command Centre wishes you all a safe journey and a successful mission. Good luck.”
The drives changed over and at close to light speed, a final alteration in direction, and they were inside the phenomenon called the split, destination Earth.

Chapter 14


Gotloskad and Parzandor were more comfortable leading the resistance to overthrow the slave masters of Jorgon than planning for the transition to a democratic society with fairness and opportunity for all. They had been forced to assume leadership positions without the experience to guide them. Nothing had been said, but with the arrival of Jalmortlov Mil’ferid they were hoping he would be the one to assume such responsibilities at least until elections could be organised, but that couldn’t be taken for granted. 
“Such an auspicious day, Jalmortlov,” said Parzandor, offering the jug of fermented farango juice. “Your return will raise the spirits of all our people.”
Jalmortlov waved that jug away, taking water instead. “Our freedom has been a long time coming.”
Gotloskad said, “And you share the top position in all of the Alliance. Well deserved. And you look reinvigorated since we last saw you.”
“I had excellent care on Zelphon. But the political position they gave me is largely ceremonial. I have no real authority either in the Alliance or indeed here.”
Parzandor said, “Surely you will stand for the up-coming elections? A man of your standing can play a major part in our future.”
Jalmortlov hadn’t survived decades of deprivation and barbarism by being a fool. The compliments his friends had given him were a thinly-veiled way of determining his intentions. 
“I’ll not be standing in any elections.”
“But…”
“Gotloskad. I’m not really old in years, but my life here as a slave has taken its toll. I’ll never have the energy to do justice to any leadership role. It needs younger people like you two.” The disappointment was clear on the young faces. “Of course I will be here for you should I have any useful suggestions or advice. Just there in the background, not in any intrusive way.”
“That would work for us,” said Gotloskad. 
“Moving on,” said Jalmortlov, “What of the Regent?”
“He has a couple of rooms here,” said Parzandor. “No staff. He has been supplied with basic provisions and facilities and is fending for himself.”
Gotloskad chuckled and added, “Not daring to venture out of his rooms for his own safety. There were calls for his execution but that was voted down.”
“Good,” said Jalmortlov. “Stripped of his privileges, he serves a better reminder to everyone his regime has come to an end. You say some of his old guard are now pockets of resistance outside the city?”
Gotloskad nodded. “We believe they number around three hundred, hidden somewhere in the far forest regions. We have been unable to be more specific than that. They wrecked our external communications which still isn’t fully repaired.”
“We must remain vigilant,” said Jalmortlov. 
Parzandor asked, “I’m dying to know what has been happening in the Alliance.”
Jalmortlov said, “Zelphon is a mad place. Far too busy for me. But I can tell you right now, our friend Driftalox and a specialised crew are on their way to Earth. There are four space travellers from Earth with them.”
“How did that happen?” gasped Gotloskad. 
“A long story for another time. The mission brief is fairly open, but the general idea is one of peace to try to show the Earth humans they need to change their ways to benefit from eventually becoming a part of our Alliance.”
“Interesting,” said Parzandor. “I suppose time will tell.”

Chapter 15


“Now I know what a sardine feels like,” said Joe Farmer, stretching his aching back. “I’d not pay rent for one of those cocoons.”
“Try squeezing two into one of them,” said Drifta. “Not as romantic as you’d think.”
Maglissa gave her own grumpy opinion. “Especially if one snores like a three horned swamp pig.”
“I’ll get used to it,” said Drifta with a grin. “Oh, Salashar. The ship running sweet?”
Salashar had sat long enough in the captain’s chair, so took her refreshment standing up. “Ship’s good. A natural co-pilot in Rosfordos have we. A part of the ship is she now.”
Drifta asked, “And Grakosdrak?” 
“Showing Withers how the drives work,” said Salashar. “Now both of them will be confused.”
Romano entered with Lan Yang, open with their affection for each other. “Everything okay?”
“Still alive,” said Farmer. “Always a good sign. Sal. How can we help?”
On their mission to Mars, there had always been something to fill every waking minute. 
“Just domestic duties for us,” said Drifta. “Once that’s done I’ll show you a spare computer so you can study the physics of how the ship works.”
“Count us all in on that,” said Lan Yang. “I’ve picked up a little already but not in any depth.”
“Maglissa will be expected to spend time on the flight deck, as will I,” said Drifta. “But you will soon gain an understanding of it all working together.”
Less than two hours later, the ship was in good order, the Earth humans settled in a maintenance area with Withers working the computer. They became totally engrossed and in deep conversation about what, to them, was far advanced than any of Earth’s technology, increasingly crude and even primitive by comparison.
For Drifta and Maglissa their shift on the flight deck was little more than a monitoring exercise, Rosfordos, Salashar and Grakosdrak asleep in their individual bunks. 
“Another couple of weeks of slicing through space in a split,” said Drifta. “Do I really snore that much?”
“Two more weeks of it and happily kill you, will I. But not suffer too much when I do it, will you.”
Drifta was shocked. “Definitely sleeping alone from now on. Probably for the best.”
“The Earth people on the ship. Not like their kind on their planet, think I.”
“Don’t forget I’m also from Earth. That’s without doubt now.”
“Then definitely sleeping alone, am I.”
Drifta was relieved when he caught the twinkle in her deep brown eyes and the way her smile opened up her cheek grooves. They continued their journey along the split, unable to see anything inside that strange phenomenon, having the confidence that the science worked and they were travelling several times faster than the speed of light towards planet Earth. 
“Time to stretch my legs,” said Drifta, after two more hours of backside numbing flight. “I’ll bring you something back.”
He found Lan Yang and Romano in the mess room, their heads still spinning from their study session.
“Does the split make sense to you now?” asked Drifta with a knowing chuckle.
“Almost as much as anyone else, I guess,” said Lan Yang. “As a distraction we were discussing something else, even more challenging.”
Settling down with water and a ship’s ration protein bar, Drifta said, “Which is what?”
“How these people came to be,” said Romano. “Not you, but all the others. We needed a distraction from the ship’s engineering and how it uses the split, so we looked up their evolution. Those people of the Alliance planets. It’s all very much conjecture and theory. True, even on Earth we still have a few gaps in our own knowledge of evolution but when we looked for actual evidence for these folk, it’s like one big gap.”
This was mildly interesting to Drifta. “Any ideas? My education has all been aboard ships. That and raw experience in every day life. I can’t say I’ve had too much interest in millions of years ago.”
Lan Yang who had studied anthropology said, “You must have some idea, some learning picked up along your way.”
“Not much, but like I said, it just doesn’t intrigue me enough. It only became a thing to study about two hundred years ago. The earliest fossils from their early ancestors date back about five thousand years, or so it’s assumed. We can see how some early creatures evolved into different kinds, including probably us eventually. Consolon was a much warmer climate back then. More activity from volcanos and other stuff and things had to adapt for a colder climate.” 
“That all you know? Sounds a bit vague,” said Lan Yang. “And that time frame is a fraction of our timeline back to primitive creatures walking on two legs. Crude stone tools were appearing about two and a half million years ago.”
Romano said, “But our complete evolution goes way back more than that to coming from the oceans.”
“You are fish?” said Drifta.
“Most scientific study supports life emerged from the seas,” said Lan Yang. “Finally evolving into us.”
“From fish to you? Interesting. I’ve heard nothing like that from our science. Even that figure of thousands of years is hotly disputed. We have traceable proof of modern people going back then but it all gets a bit vague before that. What we think is, our evolution is based on a large biped tree dwelling creature long since extinct that we found fossils of. There’s nothing really showing how people came from them. The trouble with that is nobody believes it apart from a few scientists specialising in that stuff.”
“There has to be more evidence,” said Lan Yang. “It just hasn’t been discovered yet.”
“From what you say, Drifta,” Romano said, “It doesn’t seem like there’s too much interest in looking for it.”
“The land mass on Consolon is half the planet’s surface, a lot of dense forests and jungle,” said Drifta. “Probably less than a hundred people ever became seriously interested in pursuing the challenge of discovering their ancestry so only a tiny percentage of the land was ever explored. I guess we would rather explore space than our own backyard.”
“Unbelievable,” said Romano. “All that undiscovered potential. Maybe a job for you, Lan, assuming we make a life for ourselves there.”
Drifta gathered refreshment for Maglissa and was about to leave, when he turned to look back the Romano and Lan Yang. “Fish? Good luck with that idea,” and then he was gone.
At speeds beyond that of light and yet feeling as if the ship was hardly moving, the instruments telling them otherwise, the split took the new-old ship ever further away from the Alliance planets, towards the troubled Earth. It was a mission none wanted to be on, and yet on a deeper level they understood the necessity for it. 
There was little to do on the flight deck until the time came to exit the split nearer Earth so Salashar and Rosfordos shared short shifts on duty. The others joined them more to keep them company and relieve boredom than for technical reasons. 
Maglissa soon bonded with the young woman, sharing family histories and life experiences. 
“Have stories to tell grandchildren will you.”
“Had many missions, Mag?”
“First time as a child. Mother not too pleased with Grakosdrak.”
“Salashar?”
“Ah, no. Sal is stepmother. My mother hated space travel and finally ended life bonding with Grakosdrak. Drifta has been on many ships.”
“Now bonded, you two?”
“Only just. Born on a ship was he.”
“I know the legend. He’s quite famous.”
“More bonded once back home are we. Then no more missions for us.”
“Quite handsome, in a strange way.”
“I am?” said Drifta, stepping onto the deck. “See, Mag? Ros is a woman of excellent taste.”
Slightly flushed, Ros decided it was time for a break. She tried to smile at the much taller Drifta as she passed by him, his cocky smile even more unsettling. 
Drifta kissed Maglissa’s cheek and took the empty seat. “A great kid. How’s the ship?”
“Settled is she. Four more days.”
That was when they would leave the split and at sub light speed cross the last few hundred thousand miles to orbit Earth. Then the real mission would begin.

Chapter 16


Jalmortlov understood his role in the scheme of things. As a survivor of the dictatorship, torture, starvation rations, brutal treatment by the slave guards, he still came out of it a man of compassion and with no desire for retribution. The slave masters had been as much a victim of the regime as the slaves, he had argued.
On rare walks about the city he often noticed a former master who would turn away at the sight of him, afraid a look from him would remind them that a word from him could have the masters rounded up and executed. Along one street Jalmortlov recognised two such masters, one he was sure had used the lash on his back as he had toiled in the mines. The scars were deeper than just the skin. He didn’t smile at them, but his eyes delved deeply into theirs, trying to see into their souls, their hearts, knowing full well they would be remembering their previous lives. One elbowed the other, then they turned away to scurry out of sight.
Jalmortlov sighed, wondering if the bloody wounds of Jorgon would ever heal. A small boy with his mother stopped to stare at Jal. Breaking free from his mother’s hand he ran to the old man with the long, flowing grey hair. 
“Jalmortlov. Jalmortlov!”
Jal smiled and ruffled the boy’s hair. “That is my name. Who are you, young man?”
“Garfnotsew Bil’stonian. Garf.” 
“I see. Garf.”
Garf’s mother approached anxiously, taking the boy’s hand. “I…I’m sorry, Sir.”
“Sorry? For what? You have a lovely little boy here. A credit to you.”
She relaxed and smiled. “He is a good boy, Sir.” She pulled aside her tunic slightly, revealing the all too familiar scars of torture. “My name is Sanatorax. I worked alongside you in the mines once.”
“San! Of course. You have gained weight. I remember you. Life is better now.”
Sanatorax’s smile faded again. “My nights are filled with the nightmares of what once was. Garf was born in the mines and I am reminded of those awful times when I look at him.”
Strong words of wisdom were called for. “This handsome face should only bring joy and happiness for you. He is the future. He must be encouraged to think of all as equals and play his part in bringing our people together.”
Garf looked up at the grown-ups, knowing they were talking about him but understanding little of their exchange. 
“It isn’t easy, Jalmortlov,” said Sanatorax.
“Not for any of us. But we must all play our part. When you look into the face of your child, see hope, not despair. See joy for the future, not sadness for what once was. You do that and one day Garf will do the rest.”
“I’m hungry, Mother,” said the boy.
“Go now and think on what I said.”
“I will try. Come along, Garf.”
Jalmortlov watched them walk away and smiled, hoping he had been of some comfort. “I’m also hungry,” he decided, heading back. There he found Gotloskad and Parzandor waiting anxiously for him.
“I appreciate your concern, but I am free to go where I please,” he told them.
“Absolutely,” agreed Parzandor. “There has been disturbing developments.”
“Hmm. Then come. Tell me all about it over a meal.”
There was a small team of workers, several former slaves busy alongside a few who were previously employed to care for the deposed regal. One from either side of that divide dished up the simple meal in silence then left the room. 
“You have news?”
“Jalmortlov,” Parzandor began. “As you are aware, a small but well equipped rebel faction has set up a secret base.”
“You have found them?”
“Not yet, but we think we are closer to finding them. They took much of the technology with them as soon as they were ousted. Obviously it was well planned by the masters’ leaders. We suspect there had always been such a contingency prior to the overthrow. We have gone through the records of slave masters, taken off the ones killed in the uprising, also the number living permanently in or around the city. From the remainder, as far as we can tell, up to three hundred of all ranks are in this unknown group.”
Gotloskad said, “Perhaps we should have eradicated the masters, at least the leaders.”
“And be as merciless as they were?” said Jalmortlov. “This was always about a new beginning, not the spilling of more blood.”
“That was our intention, Jal, but clearly not shared by the masters.”
“We think they have missiles, Jal, and other weapons,” added Gotloskad. “They have the capabilities to wipe out the city and everyone in it.”
Parzandor said, “We suspect that because we hold the regal is the only reason we have not been attacked.”
“He is under guard?”
“We have tripled the guard, Jal,” said Gotloskad. “We have also increased the city border’s security and the surveillance teams searching for the rebels. We need to do much more but are unsure what. As our ambassador to the Alliance, perhaps…”
Jalmortlov sipped water and wiped his mouth. “I shall talk to Zaxtormon, security commander at the Zelphon Alliance HQ. However, if the rebels are as equipped as you say, the Alliance will undoubtedly be aware of that. That alone could trigger an attack on the city.”
Parzandor said, “We also thought that could happen. We think we have an idea if you agree to it.”
Jalmortlov leaned back in his chair, a chair once used by the regal. “I’m listening.”

Chapter 17


“Ambassador Jalmortlov,” said Domtavora. “I do look forward to our regular conversations. Coming through nice and clear, am I?”
“A very good image, considering the distance.”
“You are well, I trust?”
“Adjusting to my new life on Jorgon, Principal Domtavora. I see Zaxtormon has his red uniform on today. Obviously ready for a busy time.”
Domtavora’s smile held. “Always prepared for anything. Would you excuse me one moment.” The security commander wasn’t in Domtavora’s office, so it was impossible for Jalmortlov to know what colour uniform he was wearing. Dom tapped a sensor. “Zax?”
“Principal.”
“Drop everything and come to my office, please.”
“On my way.” Ninety seconds later he entered the principal’s official offices. “Dom?”
Domtavora held a finger to his lips then opened the channel with Jalmortlov. “Sorry about that, Jal. I was just chatting to Zax. What’s the weather like on Jorgon at the moment?”
Jalmortlov could now see the security commander, actually wearing his everyday green uniform. “A possibility of some stormy weather soon, we suspect. Not sure what’s coming our way but some of your sunshine would be welcome.”
An exaggerated laugh from the principal for anyone else who might be listening. “We do have better control of our weather here on Zelphon. Perhaps we can help you keep a lid on some of your storms?”
“A big job that would be. Oh, well. I suppose I had better get on with anything I can do to keep the city safe. I look forward to seeing you again one day, Zax. Goodbye, Dom.”
The image vanished as did the smiles on their faces. 
“Zax?”
“Picking the bones out of that, I’d say the rebels are on the verge of some sort of action. Our own surveillance has intercepted communication between Jorgon and Earth, coded of course. We are reasonably sure it’s the old order of slave masters.”
Domtavora stood up and paced the floor as he considered the situation. “Jal kept the transmission as short as possible to avoid the rebels’ detection. We do know their technology and equipment is far superior to that of the free citizens. They are a small, hardened military group. Any idea where they are based?”
Zax swiped a couple of sensors and a detailed view of the Jorgonian rain forest appeared. “The rebels rarely communicate with Earth, and would need a sophisticated satellite and transponder for viable faster than light speed dialogue.”
“Similar to our own super transponder?”
“They probably copied our systems. A highly condensed coded message with its unique signals would be difficult for us to detect.”
“This has been many years in the planning.”
 “It had to be,” agreed Zax. “To keep themselves and equipment undetected would require something like a vast cave system. This region has hundreds of caves and old mines. A huge area.”. 
“Sending in several of your ships would make the rebels nervous and probably trigger an attack on the city. Millions could be killed. What are you thinking?”
“We have a supply ship due to leave for Jorgon in ten days. It’s already been twice before so shouldn’t raise too many suspicions from the rebels and neither would going a few days earlier. I’ll organise something special instead of supplies.”
Domtavora said, “Take whatever you need but quietly.”
“ There’s something else.”
“Oh?”
Zax explained, “Drifta’s ship is in the split heading to Earth. Even if we could reach them, which we can’t yet, we can’t risk any communications the rebels might pick up. If there really is some collaboration between the Jorgon rebels and Earth, Drifta and his crew could be in the middle of something very unpleasant when they leave the split.”
“Hmm! I was thinking things were a little too quiet lately.”
“If we can sort the rebels out, we won’t have to worry about Earth.”
“Nice and quietly, Zax. Nice and quietly.”
Domtavora watched the big man leave, his own mind whirling with thoughts. Millions of miles away, Jalmortlov was also deep in contemplation.

Chapter 18


Chambers Chief Tolpwaslo stood arms folded before Domtavora’s desk, her expression cold and stern. 
“I can explain…” Domtavora started before she spoke.
“I bet you can. I would rather not learn what is going on around here from strange requisitions from our Security Commander and general gossip and speculation. Just what is this secret military exercise Zaxtormon is organising?”
“Well…”
“And be warned I’m in no mood to be fobbed off.”
Domtavora smiled. “I always thought you even more beautiful when angry. It does something to your eyes.”
“I’m warning you…”
“Please take a seat, Tol. Yesterday, Zax and I had a brief but rather disturbing conference with Jalmortlov. In very guarded language he implied a serious danger from the rebels, the former masters.”
“Dom. Two things. One, you’ve retired. Two, Jorgon isn’t yet a full Alliance member.”
Domtavora replied, “Until my replacement has been elected, I’m it. Also, this situation affects more than just Jorgon.”
“I thought that Jorgon was safe and under control?”
“The free citizens of Jorgon number about two and a half million. One large city and several small villages surrounding it. As far as we know, the still active masters number between two and three hundred. Many more living as upstanding citizens biding their time. Before the slave masters were about to be overturned by the slaves, a hard core of masters vowed not to give up their power and took all their military hardware out of the city to an as yet unknown hiding place which was built years, if not decades ago as a contingency.”
“Ridiculous. That is huge amount of equipment to keep hidden. We must have some idea where it is.”
“Any slave used in the base's construction would not have lived to talk about it. Also, most of the planet's land based communications were destroyed by the masters, so we had no way of surveying the situation apart from here, remotely. Let me show you.” The three dimensional image appeared by their side. “See this region here? Completely surrounded by dense jungle. Many vast mines once worked by slaves are everywhere in this area. In total, three times the size of the city. Possibly much more underground.”
“I see anything could be hidden down there. So why doesn’t Jalmortlov send thousands to stop the rebels?”
“Because they have little or no weapons or military training. A handful of missiles from the masters and there would be no city. And before you ask, the deposed regal is the only thing stopping them attacking the city anyway. He’s still in the palace but in small living quarters under supervision by a security team.”
Tolpwaslo said, “Locked up you mean.”
“No,” said Domtavora. “Free to come and go to some extent under supervision. The security is as much for his protection as anything else. But if he went outside unescorted, there are plenty of former slaves who would love the chance to kill him. So it’s something of a stalemate.”
“Then what is the problem?”
“Earth,” said Domtavora. “We are reasonably sure the masters have been planning something with Earth. Possibly well before the slaves rebellion.”
Tolpwaslo shook her head. “Even I know Earth is too far away and without split technology to be a threat to the Alliance.”
“Unless the masters have transmitted the technical information to Earth so they can build ships they need to use the splits. Once they are able to do that they can combine with the masters and put us all in danger.”
Tolpwaslo soaked up that information and possibly dire consequences. “Do whatever you have to do.” She got up and crossed to the door, turning before it opened. “What about our own mission to Earth?”
“Still in the split. They cannot be reached by anyone.”
Many questions immediately ran through Tolpwaslo’s mind, but she already knew Domtavora had no answers. A mellowing smile and a nod of understanding for the retiring Principal then she was gone.

Chapter 19


“Two more days.”  Rosfordos sighed and looked out at nothing much. “So much for a journey through space. Not even a star to look at.”
Drifta chuckled in the co-pilot’s seat. “That’s the splits for you. Just very long shimmering ribbons.”
“And the instruments. I’ve no idea how fast we are going.”
“Very.”
“All I do is sit here and tweak the controls.”
“And you tweak them very well, according to Salashar. And she should know.”
Rosfordos frowned and stared at Drifta. “You’re just taking the…”
“I am not. Honest. Maybe teasing a little. Relax. This is a great ship and you’re doing a terrific job. Oh. You need to press that sensor by the way.”
Rosfordos tapped the flashing sensor and it went blank as it should have. “I read all the books, took the courses and still have no idea how splits work.”
“That, is a lot of study. I only read one book by one of the top experts in split technology. The title was ‘How splits work’. So I thought, why not? I’ll give it a go. I opened it up and all it said was, ‘it just does’. The rest was blank. A best seller, apparently.”
“You just made that up.”
Drifta laughed and said, “Yeah. But there’s a lot of truth in it. Alliance universities are making a killing on courses on splits. I’ve met a few doctors of split principles who have never even been in a ship.”
“No way.”
“True as I’m sitting here. Once you’ve finished with this mission, write a book and retire on the proceeds.” His intentions had been to help Rosfordos relax and not stress too much about her first real mission. “Ros. There’s not a lot to be done until we exit the split then it’s all controlled madness. There’s no teacher better than Salashar, so learn from her and we’ll be just fine.”
They sat in silence for a moment during which time millions of miles flashed by. Normal space travel was one thing, getting heads around split travel was sometimes best left to the academics. Rosfordos was on the cusp of realising that. It was a pivotal moment in her career and she was feeling her confidence growing. 
“Drifta. Can I ask you something?”
“Right. Let me see. One. Does it bother me looking different to everyone else? I stopped worrying about that a long time ago. Two. Do I miss Earth? Never been there, so no. Okay?”
“Yes. Although we have all evolved from our origins as we adapted to the Alliance planets, you are still one of a kind though.”
“Embrace our differences I always say. My turn. Any long haul ship would have taken us to Earth. So why this ship?”
“I guess those in charge wanted to recoup some of the investment in her. Get their money’s worth.”
Drifta looked the girl straight in the eyes. “Shall we try that again? Why this extended replica of a five hundred year old ship?”
Rosfordos broke from his gaze and concentrated on the instruments, making unnecessary adjustments. “I never thought to question their reasons.”
“I love the way the corners of your mouth go down when you lie.”
Ros stopped her fiddling with the controls, still unable to look at him. “I can’t tell you anything.”
“Can’t or won’t? There have been rumours and conspiracy theories about this ship for centuries.”
“I just…can’t.”
“They can be very intimidating, our illustrious leaders, when they want to be. Especially that big broxen, Zaxtormon. Is it something dangerous about this ship?”
“Drifta. Please don’t…”
Drifta smiled his most disarming smile. “Just promise me something. If we find ourselves in a sticky situation and you know something we don’t, something that could potentially save us, you’ll give us the options to use whatever it is. Fair enough?”
After some consideration, Ros said, “Fair enough.”
Drifta unfastened his harness and stood up. “Now you really are a member of this crew.”
He squeezed her bony shoulder and left the flight deck. Ros was chewing pensively on her lower lip, in charge of the most advanced Alliance ship ever built, flashing through the intangible split at ridiculous speeds, reflecting on the conversation with Drifta. 
Drifta made his way along the mid deck central corridor towards the rear of the ship, through the heavy gauge doors into the engineering section where Grakosdrak and Salashar were on their routine systems check.
“Well?” asked Salashar.
“There’s definitely something,” Drifta replied. “But she’s being a good officer and following orders by not telling us. Found anything yet?”
“Only what was found before,” said Grakosdrak. “This…unit doing apparently not a lot.”
Salashar tapped the ship’s technical manual. “An identification number is all that it has. Undefined is its purpose.”
This wasn’t the first time the three of them had stood staring at the mysterious unit. Although every attempt had been made to blend it inconspicuously into the other control systems, to Salashar and Grakosdrak, there was something incongruous about it. A sensible cautious approach dictated they wouldn’t be investigating it by removing any panels. 
Drifta asked, “Other than that, is everything else running okay?”
“All good is she,” Salashar assured him. “Take a turn on the flight deck now will I.”
“Maybe not pressure Ros any more about this,” suggested Drifta. “I trust her to know what she’s doing.”
Salashar said, “Soon leave the split shall we. Have more to concern ourselves with than this box of tricks.” She left them to make her way to the flight deck.
“Takes orders from Zaxtormon does this Rosfordos,” said Grakosdrak, his scowl expressing his opinions of the security commander and his unit. 
“Spoken like an old pirate,” replied Drifta. “Just give the girl the benefit of the doubt.”
Grakosdrak turned off the diagnostic equipment and packed it away. “Doubt has no place on a mission. Time to eat.”

Chapter 20


Zaxtormon landed the freighter on Jorgon inside the city boundaries as close to the old palace as possible. He and his security team of ten were dressed in the uniforms worn by Alliance cargo transporters and indeed there was a substantial amount of cargo to help the citizens build their society into one that would eventually become a full member of the Alliance. They made a great show of acting more casually than Zaxtormon’s officers would ever dare on a mission. They waved to the locals gathered at a safe distance, even distributing a few treats to the children. Then they finished loading the hovas with the cases and drove them into the palace grounds. Ambassador Jalmortlov Mil’ferid was flanked by Gotloskad and Parzandor and some of their own trusted people.
“Zaxtormon. Welcome to Jorgon.” 
“Ambassador Mil’ferid. You look in good shape. Freedom suits you well.”
“We all grow with that freedom. We have refreshments for you and your crew inside.”
Zax gave instructions to the team then leaving them to deal with the delivery, he entered the palace with the ambassador and his friends. Entering one of the dining halls, Zax took a small probe from a pouch on his belt, turned it on and set it on the table. The indicator on the probe turned green and he turned it off and put it back in the pouch.
“Secure in here,” he assured them. “I shall leave a few of these here for your use when we’ve gone.”
Parzandor smiled and said, “We shall make good use of them. Please sit and we can talk as we eat.”
“I recommend the local wine,” said Gotloskad. “From the old Regal’s private cellar.”
“Just for this special occasion in your honour, Zax,” added Jal. “It’s a little too rich for my simple palate.” There were times even water was a luxury when he had been a slave.
Not much of a drinker, Zax sipped the wine which was indeed exceptional. “Very pleasing it is. Have you any new knowledge of the rebel masters?”
“None,” said Gotloskad. “A small volunteer scouting party set off a week ago for where we think the rebels hideout is. We lost contact with them and fear the worst.”
“Hmm. Not a job for keen amateurs.”
Jal stroked his long grey whiskers thoughtfully. “Do you and your officers plan to search for the rebels?”
Before Zax could answer, one of his female officers entered and approached. Captain Lovibeme said, “Sir. City surveillance equipment installed and running.”
“Good. And the expedition team?”
“Complete silence from them as you ordered, Sir. If successful they should return in just under two hours.”
“And all the supplies unloaded and secured?”
“Every last bit of it, Sir. The hovas are back on the ship.”
“Very good, Captain. Refreshments have been provided for you?”
“They look a whole lot better than ship’s rations, Sir. Permission to dive in?”
“Enjoy your break. Keep a distance from the civilians but try to give the appearance of being transport workers. Do not try to contact the away team but maintain an open channel to them. I want our ship off the ground the minute they return. That will be all for now, Captain.”
“Yes Sir,” she replied, hurrying smartly away for her much needed break. 
Parzandor said, “Very efficient, Commander.”
“She’s a three pip captain,” said Zax. “One of only two in the enforcers.”
“I’m not surprised. That is difficult terrain out there. I hope your officers return safely.”
“Something I must make perfectly clear. Our priority is the safety and security of the Alliance planets. Because of your unique circumstances, Jorgon should benefit long term if we destroy the rebels. However be warned. If things become unpleasant between the Alliance and the rebels for whatever reason, it is more than likely the city will be caught in the crossfire. We shall of course do all we can to prevent or at least minimise damage and loss of life.” 
Jalmortlov expressed no surprise at that statement. “And, speaking as the official ambassador, will we have any say in any of it?”
Zax stood to leave, draining his glass of the wine. “Possibly not. Events may happen very quickly and we shall have to respond accordingly. In the meantime, stay away from the rebels and do not engage with them if at all possible.” 
“What if we are attacked?” asked Gotloskad.
“Try not to be. I hope we meet again under better circumstances. I’ll see myself out.”
He turned and was gone.

Chapter 21


Two male and two female officers had made their way through dense tropical forests using carry drones strapped to their backs. They already had their suspicions of where the rebels were likely to be based in the vast underground system of mines. On a high point, hidden in trees and bush, they had a good view of a vast water filled quarry which had five mine entrances around the perimeter. The officers scanned the area with image enhancers.
“No fresh tracks of any kind,” said two pip Captain Yarfildon, adjusting her imager. “That doesn’t surprise me.”
“Because it’s too obvious?” suggested Sergeant Nabpronal. This squad had been together long enough to read each other’s thoughts. He was wondering where such a well equipped armed force were going in and out of the mines. “I think we are meant to think this is where they are.”
Yarfildon whispered, “Kawlondas. Show us the terrain map.”
Two pip private Kawlondas was already setting out the two waist high sensors. He quickly recalibrated and the terrain map appeared as a real-time three-dimensional image between the sensors. If there was any surface activity above the mines, there was every chance the sensors would pick that up and they could concentrate their observations on that specific area. “This covers a hundred square miles. No activity whatsoever.”
Yarfildon said, “Our off-planet surveillance has picked up activity and signals coming from here. Scoldraztin? Any expelled gasses coming from the mines?”
Technical Sergeant Scoldraztin's scanner hovered silently just above her head. “I’ve scanned for anything over the entire region. Not so much as a fart.”
“We need to get closer to use the thermal imaging,” said Nabpronal. “Even then, we wouldn’t be able to penetrate far enough through all that rock.”
“And we would likely be observed ourselves,” said Yarfildon. “And that’s guaranteed to start something very messy. We need something, damn it. Anything at all.”
“Less than ten minutes before we have to start getting back,” Nabpronal reminded her. “Are we sure this is the…something is happening.”
With a low rumble easily mistakable for one of the many seismic activities in the region, a false top to the mines, perfectly disguised by trees and foliage, lifted smoothly above its surroundings. It lifted just enough to create a gap around its perimeter to refresh the air for below. From above it would still look like wild forest. 
“Impressive,” admitted Yarfildon. “It wouldn’t have to raise up much more to let out a small army or even missiles. Time to go.” A tiny proximity alarm on her arm went off just loud enough for her to hear. Using hand signals she ordered the equipment to be packed up and stowed as she and Nabpronal were back to back on one knee with weapons on kill settings, ready to deal with anyone or anything coming their way. They heard soft voices very close to them and stayed low, only wanting to engage the enemy if absolutely unavoidable. With the gear stowed on the carry drones, the other two got into position to fight if they had to. Yarfildon and and Napronal withdrew their hand lasers from their belts, the short intense beams capable of taking off a soldiers head in one swift, silent swipe but that was the last thing they wanted to do.
Napronal checked the time and pointed to his wrist. They had to get away to rendezvous with the ship. His captain just shrugged, knowing they had no choice but to let, hopefully, the enemy scouts pass them by. They were near enough to hear the undergrowth rustle and it was uncomfortably close. Then a blast from a weapon and a squeal of pain and the smell of burning flesh. The master rebel scouts had killed their prey and their voices told of their success as they loaded up the animal they had hunted down. The jets from the hovacart blasted the scouts and their trophy away to the mines.
“We can breathe again,” said Yarfildon. “Let’s go.”
The four enforcers took off on their carry drones, mission accomplished, but theirs was a strict timetable and Zaxtormon was unlikely to delay the ship’s departure. It was a long and hazardous trip through the forest to reach the ship. It took almost one hour at top speed to reach the city boundaries, and ahead they could see the ship taking off the ground. The rear hatch opened wide and the four enforcers threw themselves into the ship. The hatch closed up behind them and the ship was heading home to Zelphon.

Chapter 22


“The mission was a success, I gather,” Domtavora said.
“I’d say a partial success,” said Zaxtormon. “A mere glimpse of their headquarters.”
“But it does actually exist, and quite a sophisticated operation from the little we have seen of it,” said Tolpwaslo, pleased to be included. 
“Seen being the operative word,” said Zaxtormon. “My team was fortunate enough to position themselves so to witness the lifting of the venting cap. That’s the best name I could come up with for now.”
“If the cap fits, wear it,” said Domtavora.
“What?” said Tolpwaslo.
Domtavora shrugged. “Just a saying I must have heard somewhere. Sorry. Continue Zax.”
Zax pointed at the three-dimensional holographic image. “The cap covers roughly one mile in circumference over what we presume to be a far more extensive underground base. The southern edge of the cap is situated some six hundred miles north east of the city. Now we have a true reference point, we have aligned and calibrated our instruments to observe it from space looking directly at it. Note the surface of the cap has been planted with forest vegetation to blend in with the surroundings. However. If you scrutinize this region in isolation…”
“I see it now,” said Domtavora. “A ring of trees you wouldn’t see in nature.”
“Remind you of anything?”
“Yes. Our super-antennae. All Alliance planets have this for faster than light communication.”
Tolpwaslo said, “Now I’ll confess to probably being the least technical person on the planet, but I’m guessing that wasn’t built by a few rebels following the slaves revolt. Somebody with a lot of vision, power and influence put this together over several years.”
Zaxtormon said, “Correct. One name comes to mind. Lok’jarvahl. His vision has always been to control the Alliance.”
Domtavora recoiled back in his seat at the very idea of it. “He died. Killed in fact. When the slaves were free, several of those at the top were ripped apart and he was one of the first. The bloodshed stopped only because Jalmortlov showed compassion and through sheer strength of will brought peace to Jargon. The few that were killed were cremated in a mass funeral pyre.”
Zaxtormon said, “The bodies were so mutilated they were unrecognisable apart from their uniforms. In all the madness a simple uniform switch could have let Lok’jarvahl slip away to lead his comeback. That’s my best guess for what it’s worth.”
“That makes perfect sense,” said Tolpwaslo. “At least if not Lok’jarvahl, someone just as committed and devious.”
Zax continued. “If we get the opportunity to send in another scouting party, I’d send it in from the west hoping to see the full extent of the base and any possible entrances.”
Domtavora said, “I agree. Solid information is key. If our assumptions are correct, what do we do about it?”
Zax was about to answer when Tolpwaslo held her hand up. “Before you two say anything else, may I remind you of our number one principle in the Alliance—never interfere in the affairs of a non-alliance planet.”
“But…”
“No, Zax. I’ll never let that happen. We are aware of the situation and its implications and I commend you and your officers on a successful mission. Go beyond that number one principle and I promise there will be consequences for both of you. Are you understanding me?”
Domtavora sighed, nodded meekly and said, “Yes.”
Zaxtormon was grinding his teeth when he grunted a reluctant “Yes. That said, we all know there is a significant threat not just to Jorgon, but the Alliance also. I’d say its fairly obvious the rebels have been communicating with Earth, wanting to forge a partnership with that warlike planet, probably passing on the technology to make ships that can travel through the splits. That’s been Lok’jarvahl intentions all along. If that is the case, Tolpwaslo, do you expect us to do nothing about it?”
Tolpwaslo was no fool. “Of course I see the threat to us all. Unless under direct attack, we still cannot interfere…”
“I know. We cannot interfere in the affairs of a non Alliance planet. So what can we do?”
“Observe them, Commander. Very closely. And also prepare. Dom, I expect you will be requesting a substantial increase to the defence budget?”
“I will? Oh. Yes. I will. I do hope it will be voted in by the council, Chief Tolpwaslo.”
Tolpwaslo smiled her slightly mischievous smile. “I couldn’t possibly comment on any future votes by the council. However I’m sure any carefully worded budget increase requests would be favourably considered. Good afternoon, gentlemen.”
“Dom.”
“Zax?”
“When you let her go, you became the biggest idiot I know.”
Domtavora sighed and said, “I couldn’t agree more.”

Chapter 23


When travelling along a split at speeds faster than light, unable to see stars or planets, knowing when to exit is at best a guestimation usually left to computers and improbable science. They didn’t always get it right and more than a couple of ships mistimed it only to smash into an asteroid or as one unfortunate pioneer did, exit far too close to a star and they were fried instantly. When marsillium coatings were developed, this was less of a problem. More of a problem now was smaller space debris which at the speed the ships were colliding with, could pierce a tiny hole from entry point until exit point. Seconds later the pressurised ship would explode and seldom enough body parts to identify the dead would be found, let alone enough to bury or cremate. The marsillion gave much protection especially from heat but it wasn’t fail-safe. Again, thanks to advances in technology significant damage was rare but still a distinct possibility. 
Salashar took the pilot’s seat and a slip of a girl the co-pilot’s seat. 
“Feel your nervousness from here, can I.”
“Sorry, Sal. You’ve done this a lot, right?”
“And still here to talk about it. Forget most of your training and rely on the inner you.” Sal tapped her head. “Here is the most important part of the ship. How long?”
“Four minutes.” Ros risked a nervous glance at a woman who had been a legend before she was born. Salashar’s face held a calm expression of total control. Ros took a deep breath and focussed on her job, trying to feel a part of the vessel as the minutes vanished into history. Suddenly they were into the last five seconds with everyone else fully suited and secure back in the ship. That really wouldn’t help them much in a catastrophic event. They would soon still be alive…or not.
Salashar’s total concentration was on the screens. “Leaving the split…NOW! Changing to standard plasma drive, NOW! Reduce to one tenth.”
“One thirtieth, twentieth, one tenth now,” said Ros. “Ninety percent light speed and falling.”
“Increase reverse thrusters twenty percent.”
“Twenty percent. Asteroid cluster ahead.”
“Decrease left thruster thirty percent.”
Ros made the corrections. “Seventy percent light speed and falling. A mass of asteroid debris still in our way.”
“Damn. Cut left thruster. Nothing. Ros…!”
“Not responding,” said Ros, trying not to panic. But the large cloud of rock and dust was still in their way, some pieces too large for the marsillion coating to cope with at that speed. 
“Engaging lasers.”
“Sal.”
“Brace for impact. Firing lasers now.”
Impossible to avoid some of the cloud of debris or effectively target the larger pieces of rock, Salashar was limited to blanket blasting the cloud and hope the resulting impacts were too small to compromise the marsillion. Salashar fired all available laser power to break up the larger rock pieces as the ship was steered away from the two large lumps that once formed the main asteroid prior to its own collision with another stray piece. 
This was always the danger when leaving the split at great speeds. It was rare but it did happen and all pilots knew themselves and their ships would be tested to the limits. In over twenty years in space this was only the third time Salashar had faced serious collisions and she needed all her experience and skill to avoid disaster. Blasting the debris had its own risks and had every chance to make things worse instead of better. 
“Everybody brace!” she called out.
At first it seemed their valiant efforts had thwarted disaster as they got closer, Salashar and Ros only hearing the sound of their heartbeats as their pulses raced. Then came an eerie hiss from the hull as they flew through the grit-fine particles on the fringes of the cloud. These were too fine to trouble the marsillion but then the sounds got progressively louder as they entered a denser part of the cloud. Ros was a novice pilot but she new this ship inside out and could see in her mind’s eye the surface being pounded by ever increasing sizes of particles. The hammering intensified and even with their helmets on it was hard to hear themselves think. 
Boom! Boom! Boom!
That was scary. The coating had to be compromised in localised areas, leaving the underlying hull exposed. 
Boom! Boom! Boom!
They were at the limits of the ship’s integrity so that with even one more heavy strike, soon they would have nothing to worry about ever again. 
The sounds diminished to a roar, then a hiss and finally it was silent. 
“That was…” Ros was saying.
“Shush!” 
Boom! 
“Just a stray piece.”
Silence again and several tense moments later, they were finally clear.
Removing her helmet, Salashar looked over at Rosfordos. “So. Still like space travel, do you?”
Rosfordos was about to speak, then changed her mind.

Chapter 24


“Good to be alive, think I,” said Grakosdrak, heartily. 
The Earth humans agreed though they all felt like they had aged ten years. 
“That isn’t normal, right?” said Farmer. 
“Hardly ever fatal these days,” said Drifta his tone devoid of irony. “Must have been some exceptional piloting to get us through it all.”
Withers wasn’t convinced about that calming voice. “Much damage to the hull, do you think?”
“A good strong ship is she,” said Grakosdrak. “Not my ship, but still good.”
Ros entered, still shaken from the experience. “Salashar sent me to give you news. There’s damage to one of the external sensors.”
“Go see will I.” 
Grakos followed Ros to the flight deck. 
“Here,” said Salashar, pointing at the screen. 
He carefully studied the schematics of the ship alongside an actual image of the damage. A tiny rock fragment off the asteroid had pierced the hull and damaged the sensor beneath it.  
Grakosdrak said, “There are many sensors on the hull.”
“This one is a replacement spare,” said Ros, handing over the spare part.
“Ah!” said Grakosdrak, scanning the identification code. “Now the problem I see. It’s a fine adjusting direction sensor,” explained Grakos. “One of ten surrounding the ship which adjust the directional plasma jets.” He looked at Ros. “By how much out is it?”
“Nought point nought one three.”
“Ah. Useless.”
Salashar had an even wider understanding of how ships worked and the problem they had. “See this should you.”
The three dimensional image clearly showed the danger they faced. The ship was on a looped course, heading to collide with the asteroid fragments again. Grakosdrak didn’t have to ask Salashar if she could simply alter their course to safely avoid the danger as she would have already done so if she could. The only way to avert destruction was to remove the panel and replace the sensor. Outside the ship. 
“We shall still be close to the smaller particles that damaged the marsillion coating,” said Ros. “Any further damage could compromise the hull’s integrity.”
Grakosdrak ran his fingers through his beard and considered the options. “Repair the coating and replace the sensor must we. “Take Drifta will I.”
He returned to the others and explained the situation. 
Farmer asked, “Nought point nought one three. That doesn’t sound so much.”
Drifta said, “Even if we were heading away from the asteroid we can’t correct the course. Over millions of miles we could end up totally lost. The longer we leave it the further off course we’ll go.”
Grakosdrak said, “A little stroll outside called for, say I.”
Withers said, “What about the asteroid debris?”
Ros expected that. “For now we are well away from the main cluster and most of the fine particles. We’re not seeing anything significant but our trajectory will loop us around back into harms way. ”
Romano said, “We should get well clear of any risk before going outside.”
“The sensor has several functions, one being a part of the direction controls,” said Grakosdrak. “Cannot leave too long, so we fix sensor and hull coating.”
Romano’s expression showed his concern. “I still have reservations.”
“Grakos and I have the most experience,” said Drifta. “Just us two will go.”
“I don’t think so,” said Withers. “Two can be fixing the surface as the other replaces the sensor. I’m going with you.”
Farmer said, “Not a chance. I’ll go.”
“Why? Because I’m a woman?”
“Time is tight,” said Grakosdrak. “Less than three hours. Need now to go.”
“I’m our captain, Joe,” said Withers. “I’m going and I’ll be just fine.”
“Why don’t we all go?” asked Lan Yang.
“Only two marsillion spray cones available,” said Grakosdrak. “Not need more people out there.”  
“Now is as good a time for the repairs as any,” said Drifta, squeezing Maglissa’s hand before making for the door.
“Know what I’m going to say to you,” she said.
“This isn’t my time to die. We know what we’re doing.” 
“You really are going outside?” asked Romano. 
Grakosdrak said, “Many minor repairs to the coating there will be.” 
“Then I’m going with you,” said Withers, adamantly. 
Grakosdrak nodded, accepting her help. He knew as an experienced captain it was important for morale that the Earth people were fully involved and not just passengers.
Marsillion coating equipment was standard issue on Alliance ships. At least one member of any crew had to be registered as a competent repairer. Both Drifta and Grakosdrak were certified. As such they were approved to have one uncertified crew member assisting. Withers pounced on that chance to learn. As they gathered their equipment near the airlock, Drifta explained the procedure. 
“I’ve only done this twice before myself but Grakos could do this blindfold.”
“You make it sound like a stroll in the park,” said Withers, checking her air supply. 
“Exchange your gloves for these. They’ll grip the surface.”
Withers did that, stowing away her other gloves. They tested suit-to-suit communication and entered the airlock, closing the inner door behind them. They had tether lines and back jet thrusters to manoeuvre carefully around the hull. 
“Sal,” called out Grakosdrak. “Open outer airlock door.”
It was a spiral of interlocking segments that fanned out to a perfect circular orifice. Between them they drifted out of the ship with the equipment. It was all about adopting a systematic approach to the task, working safely and methodically. Marsillion coatings were skin thick, capable of enduring the heat of atmospheric conditions upon landing on a planet but the jarring, pounding of space rock at close to the speed of light was problematic. The well documented experiences of split travel had led to the development of a specialised technology to cope with most situations. Coating repair was just one of them.
“Shadow?” Grakosdrak asked.
Shadow was the general term for fine particle space debris. Suits were capable of dealing with dust or dot sized particles but anything larger could affect the suit’s integrity. Salashar was one of the most experienced Alliance pilots and she, more than most, understood the consequences. 
“Dot nearest, then dust then grit.”
This meant any debris was so fine it posed little or no threat to personnel doing outside repairs. However following that, the debris gradually increased in size and grit grade was something at speed would wreck a suit. It quickly became evident this wasn’t a five minute job. The puckered surface clearly showed the pounding it had taken. 
“Sensor I will fix,” said Grakosdrak. “Repair the surface you two.”
As Grakos made his way to the sensor, Drifta and Withers lay close to the surface side by side, the specialist gloves clinging to the surface so they could pull themselves along. 
“See this?” said Drifta. “Try landing on a planet with this little puncture and we’d probably burn up.”
“But there are thousands of them,” said Withers, finding the task daunting.
“More than likely. Now watch this.”
Drifta carefully covered a significantly damaged area with the cone of his repair kit. From the tank the fresh marsillion liquid sprayed into the cone and changed colour from dull red to the natural grey of the marsillion. He cut off the spray and edged the cone forwards and repeated procedure. 
“That’s it?”
“Keep it simple works for me. Try it.”
Withers placed her own cone on a rough patch and squeezed the trigger. The fine pressurised spray covered and blended in with the pockmarked surface and changed colour.
“Good?”
“Perfect. There’s just a lot of it to do. Just don’t miss any of it.”
The pair crawled painstakingly along the hull, back and forth over and around. The fact they were flashing through space at unbelievable speeds was irrelevant. The damaged asteroid following them just slightly veered away on its never-ending journey. Drifta knew better than most not to think its danger was over. He had one eye on the cone in front of him, the other on stray troublesome particles. They were stuck on a course that would soon have them headed back into the body of the asteroid so they needed to get the ship repaired and return inside as fast as possible. A little over one hour of tedious work later, they eventually came to where Grakosdrak was replacing the sensor. 
“Just this last area to cover,” said Drifta. “Having fun yet?”
“Just glad to be doing something useful,” said Withers. “This side doesn’t look too bad. I thought this marsillion coating was tough.”
“Tougher than the bare shell. The coating handles stuff that could seriously compromise the shell, particularly heat from atmospheric entry. We still need to repair any damage, no matter how slight. I wouldn't be surprised if this surface is from the marsillion ore I helped extract on Mars.”
“You were a miner on Mars?”
“Been there, done that. Had to earn a living somehow.  Are you okay, Grakos?”
“No worrying over me, Drifta. Concentrate must you.”
Grakosdrak was right Drifta knew, and he got into line outstretched with the cone in front of him. Minutes later, Grakos called him over. Leaving Withers to finish off, he crawled over to Grakos. The asteroid was heading deceptively away but he knew their course would very soon place them all in danger. 
“Silicon fluid has leaked out,” explained Grakos. Fine tubes of liquid silicon were the veins of power distribution. Drifta could see not only had the sensor been damaged but the tubing to it was also damaged. Grakosdrak had clamped it off to avoid losing any more fluid. 
“Have a repair kit here,” said Grakosdrak. 
Drifta had seen this done before and although not a difficult job it could be fiddly for one pair of hands. It was also going to eat into their precious time. Instinctively they both looked up at the asteroid, now quite distant, but they could also see it had seemed to change course. This was an illusion as it was the ship on its fixed loop that was the problem. They had to move fast otherwise they would be back in the dust and grit of the asteroid and in serious trouble. 
Their gloved hands making the delicate repair challenging, the relatively straight forward task took almost another hour, the asteroid again looming closer. Around it they could see the halo of deadly dust. 
Finally it was done and one last check of the entire surface satisfied Grakosdrak the job was finished.
“Back in the ship.”
They worked their way around towards the airlock, their safety lines automatically retracting as they went. Salashar followed their progress from the flight deck and opened the airlock. Grakosdrak entered head first and turned to take the equipment off the others, quickly stowing it away. Then he reached out to take Withers’ hand and she carefully eased herself over the edge of the outer airlock. Almost safely inside, the warning from Salashar came one second before the speck struck Withers’ shoulder, piercing the suit. 
“Get in fast!” Drifta yelled.
Pushing Withers roughly along, he rolled himself over the entrance and it closed up behind him. Salashar activated the air pressure regulator and the inner door hissed open. Grakosdrak was already removing Withers’ helmet. She gasped and opened her eyes. 
“I’m pleasantly surprised to still be alive.”
“Had you been hit a minute earlier and you might not have been,” Drifta said. 
“Salashar!” said Grakos. “Have control do we?”
He knew Salashar would be refilling and pressurising the silicon wiring from the silicon reservoir to regain control of the sensor. Already the ominous sound of the asteroid dust on the hull was restarting.
“Sensor working,” said Salashar, adjusting their course. 
Still in the airlock Grakosdrak, Drifta and Withers held their breath as they listened to the drumming on the hull. The sound decreased and finally stopped. “That was interesting,” said Drifta.
They were soon back with the others, being congratulated on their successful mission. Joe Farmer had his arms around his captain as if he would never release her again. “Next time anything like that happens, I go, okay?”
“No arguments from me,” said Withers. 
Chapter 25


They were out of danger at last and back on course for Earth. Maglissa’s grip on Drifta’s hand eventually let go as she reconciled herself to having him safely back on the ship. They joined Grakosdrak and Salashar on the observation deck. 
“Highly magnified image,” said Salashar, “but excellent clarity it is.”
The repaired sensor had them now in position with Earth’s image central on the screen. The array of sensors were interconnected to give total control of the ship.
“Beautiful planet,” said Maglissa.
“But terminally ill,” said Grakosdrak, tapping the readings. “Not be breathing that air, would I.”
Maglissa had grown up with her father teaching her all the science she ever needed and knew the unhealthy air was bad. “Volcanos?”
“People,” said Drifta, despondently. “Far too many people on the planet and far too many of them making a mess of that planet.”
The puzzled expression on Maglissa’s face said it all. “They poison their own air?”
Salashar explained, “Not so much now, think I, but irreparable damage already done.”
“We could help them with our technology,” said Drifta. “Give them the tools to do the job.”
Grakosdrak, in his usual forthright manner expressed other opinions. “Perhaps allow them to self destruct and then repopulate with a worthy people.”
Drifta reacted with uncustomary anger at that suggestion. “These are my people, Grakosdrak, and my planet.”
“But not your home, Drifta,” Grakos replied sharply. “Never even set foot on there have you.” He pointed at the screen. “Grown up with us have you and know better than to live like that do you.”
Drifta glared at Grakos and then turned away and stormed out. Maglissa’s icy glare at her father told him what she thought.
“Mag…”
But she was away to be with Drifta. Grakos turned to Salashar for some kind of understanding but getting none, then finding himself alone just staring at the blue planet with the poisoned air and wondering why the others couldn’t see what he saw. But perhaps they could and it was just convenient to vent their feelings at him. 
Maglissa caught up with Drifta, who had sought solace in the engine rooms, one of the few places he could be alone. He was making some pretence of checking readouts when he felt the touch of a hand on his shoulder.
“I’m not good company right now, Mag.”
“Fine. Come find me when talking you need to do.”
She turned to leave him when he said, “Sorry for what I said to your father.”
“Okay will he be,” she answered with a smile. 
“But suppose…maybe he’s right. They don’t deserve a planet like that.”
Maglissa struggled to find a reply that made sense. “Talk when ready.”
Once alone, Drifta gave up on taking readings and sat and deep in thought, stared unseeing at the dull grey metal floor.
Back on the flight deck, Rosfordos was gaining in confidence; the calm professionalism of Salashar who had more years experience in space than Ros had been alive, provided the perfect opportunity to learn about and gain an understanding of space. Of course, being a pivotal part of the team who created the ship, she knew how fortunate she was to be on this mission, her initial trepidation was now dispelled. Mostly. 
“I’ve been considering a career change,” she told Salashar. “More space related.”
Sal smiled knowingly. “Thought so, did I. Either the space bug will bite or it won’t.”
“Space bug?” Was this some new so far unheard of danger to contend with?
“Just an expression, Ros.” Sal waved casually at the star spangled vista on the screen. “Once bitten, it lures you in and never lets you go.”
Ros stared out at the wonder of it all and sighed. “I’ve only flown a couple of times before and then only as a passenger. Now here as a co-pilot, there’s just something magical about it.”
“Hmm. Badly bitten are you. No hope of recovery.”
Ros was reminder to the older pilot of her own early days and her many adventures with Grakos. She had been young, green, excited and terrified at the same time. The young, green parts faded with the years, but never the rest. 
Salashar magnified the image of Earth. “Twenty hours at our current speed. A few hours from now and they’ll pick us up on their screens.”
“What about contact?”
“First observe and assess shall we. Grakosdrak will decide our approach and when to communicate.”
“Do you think they’ll be hostile?”
Earth human kind had long since been thought of as a basket case by the people of the Alliance. Their warlike tendencies and unpredictability was regarded with suspicion and generally something best left alone.
“Have our own Earth humans with us do we, from four different nations. Could work in our favour for a friendly meeting.”
Ros stared at the beautiful blue planet, so much like Consolon, somewhere else she had yet to go. It was as if space had been waiting for her and see it all she would.

Chapter 26


Lord Commander Gos’krikun’s image loomed large and proud, high on the command centre’s curving wall. Commander Lok’jarvahl, his second in command had assumed control of the remnants of the old guard escaping the retribution of the slaves and refusing to take the amnesty offered to all by Jalmortlov Mil’ferid. The possibility of a slave rebellion had always been acknowledged and the secret base in the jungle of Jorgon had been established for just that eventuality. With Gos’krikun incarcerated on a seldom used remote island facility on Zelphon, Lok’jarvahl had assumed command of the remaining hard-line military still loyal to the Regal. 
“One day we shall free you, old friend, to take your rightful place as the leader and restore the old order of Jorgon.”
His pledge was interrupted by a disturbingly young-looking woman in an all black uniform, her highly polished captain’s insignia glinting in the lights of the command centre. She saluted smartly and he returned her salute. Captain Hibinlog Sen’latorl came from generations of masters. Since the age of four she’d had it drummed into her that this way of life—masters and slaves—was normal, and above all else, it was the natural order of things. She was extremely efficient, keen, dedicated and loyal to the cause. That she was also young enough to be his granddaughter and her negligible front-line experience concerned him but he still smiled politely, and hoped his expression told her otherwise. 
“Sir, we have just decoded a message from Earth.”
“Is that so, Captain. The Alliance ship has left the split?”
“Yes, Sir. Apparently it sustained minor damage, throwing it off course temporarily, but that has been corrected.”
“Hmm. Interesting. And the possibility of the Alliance ship intercepting that message?”
“It was a highly condensed code-locked message of a nano second duration. The ship would have to be expecting the message to intercept it.”
Sen’latorl for all her youth and inexperience was still a brilliant technical officer who fully understood the complexities of running the underground facility. Under her command she had expanded and developed the communications centre to the point where, on a smaller scale, it matched the best of anything the Alliance had. 
“And our reply?”
“One single signal spike, only known to those with the codes.”
“Do we know the distance of the ship from Earth?”
“Not at this time, Sir. I shall advise you when we have that information.” She looked up at the picture above them. “He’s a remarkable man, Sir.”
“Indeed. I’m merely assuming command until his glorious return. Nothing will bring me more pleasure than to have the Lord Commander back where he belongs so we can restore the proper order to this planet.”
“And beyond, Sir.”
Commander Lok’jarvahl stood and in his singular manner, paced the floor with his hands clasped behind his back, his face fixed and his eyes staring out at his vision of the way they once lived and the promise of an even stronger future for the ruling master class. 
“We have long seen certain ideological similarities in several societies of Earth. With our more advanced technology and their numbers, not to mention their attitude, it’s just a matter of time.”
Sen’latorl had of course studied Earth and had graduated in Earth history as a second to her technology courses. Much of their knowledge of Earth humans was weak on fact and high in conjecture. To her they were both fascinating and disturbing. 
“But can we trust them?”
Lok’jarvahl smiled, his wrinkles and facial grooves showing his age. “Trust. Let me tell you something about trust. In this life, trust only yourself and even be suspicious of that. Return to your duties, Captain. Your team could well make the difference between our success or failure. Dismissed.”
The captain saluted and was away to be the best officer she could be.

Chapter 27


“Again,” said Salashar.
Rosfordos pressed the sensor. There came a ‘ping’ sound and a blip on the instruments. “I didn’t think much of it to start with, but I thought I should check it out.”
“From Earth it came?”
“Yes. As far as I can tell, it’s some kind of compressed signal.”
“Enforcers sometimes use such things when tracking illegal traders. Highly  encrypted coded messages.”
“Is there a way to decode it?”
“Nothing we have here could do that.”
Ros said, “I don’t understand. If it’s a message from somebody on Earth to us, why make it impossible for us to read it?”
“Hmm. Excellent question is that. Message not for us, think I, but for somebody with the technology to receive and interpret the specific code.”
“How mysterious. Should we be concerned?”
“Perhaps. Something to be aware of at least. Talk this over with Grakos, must I. Call me if it happens again.”
Grakos was sleeping but it was almost time for his shift so Salashar woke him up with a kiss. With a grin he wrapped his burly arms about her and pulled her on top of him.
“Irresistible you find me,” he said. 
“Tolerate you at best, do I. Lucky to have me are you.”
“So true. Everything okay?”
“Ship is good. But a strange coded signal Ros has picked up.”
“Enforcers?”
Sal shrugged. “Perhaps, but for what purpose? No. It seems to come from Earth.”
Grakosdrak dressed as he considered this information. “There is nothing that primitive planet should have beyond the technology of this ship.”
“And that is what concerns me. More going on than we realised, think I.”
Grakosdrak rubbed his fingers through his thick beard. “Alert the others must we.”
“Agreed. Call a meeting now, will I.”
Leaving Rosfordos at the helm, the others crammed together, some bleary-eyed from being awakened. 
“Couldn’t this have waited an hour or so?” Drifta asked, his precious time with Maglissa interrupted at a particularly important moment.
Maglissa tried smoothing her hair out with her fingers, a wayward lock dropping back in her eyes. “What is it, Sal?”
“An encrypted coded signal from Earth but not for us, we think. The Enforcers sometimes use such devices but already aware of us and our mission, so signal not for them, I’d say.”
Withers sipped juice and shoved a red protein bar around on her plate, the taste of which she still struggled with. “A satellite command signal, maybe? All kinds of stuff hurling around space and one nation doesn’t always want another to know its business.”
“Signal has a complexity beyond Earth technology, or at least it should have,” said Salashar. “Strange.”
Lan Yang said, “Those Japanese, probably.”
Romano chuckled. “Says my Chinese girl. It could be anybody, Sal.”
Grakosdrak shook his head and said, “And trust Earth humans, must we? Not even trusting each other are they.”
“He does have a point,” agreed Farmer. 
Drifta said, “We’re here to find that out, Joe. We need to show a little faith in them.”
“I admire your optimism. Let’s hope it isn’t misplaced and you end up disappointed.”
Before Drifta could reply, Rosfordos called through to them. “Five hours to Earth’s orbit. I just thought I’d mention it.”
“Things could get interesting,” said Maglissa. 
“Get fully suited up,” ordered Salashar. “Stay alert.”
Maglissa squeezed Drifta’s hand. “Fine will it be.”
He returned her smile but the doubts lingered.
Chapter 28


Grakosdrak and Salashar shared the controls with Rosfordos and could sense her nervousness although she tried to hide it well. Salashar’s elbow dug into her husband’s arm and she nodded at the girl. Grakosdrak took the hint and casually talked to Rosfordos.
“Proving a competent pilot it seems you are.”
“I know the ship well enough,” she replied. “The rest is just practice.”
“Oh, more than that I think it is. Women always make better pilots than we mere men.”
She turned from the main screen to look at the burly old space trader. It was hard to see where his bushy black beard met the tangle of hair on his head. 
“I envy you and Salashar. All those adventures, travelling to planets and moons.”
“And envy you, do I. All your own space adventures ahead of you. Ah, to be so young again. Isn’t that so, Sal?”
“Happy with my life am I, not really envious of Ros. Well, perhaps a little. Learn much from this trip will she.”
“I couldn’t have better teachers,” said Ros. “Out here. New places to go, new things to see.”
“Still surprised by space at times am I,” said Salashar. “Right now, wondering what that is out there.”
All three stared out at something that shouldn’t be there. A steady ball of yellow orange light, almost directly ahead. Ros was shocked into action, about to change course until Grakosdrak gently touched her hand.
“Still far away it is. Just magnified on the screen.”
“But…what is that thing?”
“A ship?” Grakosdrak suggested.
“None like I have ever seen,” said Salashar. “Magnify it on screen shall I.”
The ball seemed to grow in size as the image was intensified. Then it simply vanished.
“Where did it go?” Rosfordos asked, feeling her heart hammering inside her.
Salashar scanned in all directions but found nothing.
Rosfordos asked, “A ship?”
Grakosdrak said, “No ship I know of goes like that outside of a split. Salashar. Need to see it again do we.”
Salashar was already searching the ship’s main computer to replay the event. “There it is. Magnifying. Now gone it is.”
“Again,” said Grakosdrak. “Slower.”
“A totally smooth surface,” said Rosfordos. “Just a strange glowing ball.”
“And gone again,” said Salashar. She found the shining sphere again, this time playing the recording at a much slower speed. “Gone.” Going back again, she found the split second the ball vanished, showing no sign of movement as it disappeared. 
Rosfordos said, “It didn’t fly off, it just vanished.”
Grakosdrak scratched his hairy face in contemplation. “Earth would have nothing like that. Alliance likewise.”
Salashar broke the tension. “Gone it has. Nothing more to do or say on this matter.” She pointed at the magnified image of Earth. “Our priority is now that.” Turning to face Rosfordos, she asked, “Are you sure this isn’t something you know about but we do not?” Sal knew that Ros had had access to classified technology when she was helping design and build the ship.
Rosfordos held Salashar’s steely gaze. “I swear I know nothing of this.”
Salashar was still unconvinced and it showed in her eyes. Rosfordos’s resolve was crumbling and she could take Sal’s suspicions no longer. She unbuckled and hurried away. 
Grakosdrak sighed and shook his head. “And insensitive you call me?”
“What?”
Grakos reduced the imposing image of Earth and worked other controls. “Nothing. Nothing at all.”
Rosfordos felt the need to take a moment away from the flight deck and entered the galley for refreshment where Withers and Farmer were already busy with meal preparation.
“About time you took a break, Ros,” said Farmer.
Ros didn’t answer but offered a fleeting smile, then turned as if to leave. 
“Hey, Ros,” said Withers, picking up on Ros’s unhappiness. “Come here, my girl.” She placed a motherly arm about the young woman. “Joe. A drink for Ros, please.”
“Coming right up.”
They sat together at the table, none knowing what to say until Joe said, “Not long until we reach Earth, hey, Ros? Excited?”
Ros shrugged, then took a sip of the drink. “I suppose so. Oh. We just saw…something out there. A light, a ship or something. Not sure.”
This naturally stunned the Earth humans. 
Withers said, “A light you say? Beamed from something?”
Rosfordos’s shook her head, finding the words to explain. “It was a huge ball of light, a sphere that just suddenly appeared then it vanished. It’s only just happened. Salashar will tell you soon.”
“Incredible,” said Farmer. “I’m going to ask her.”
“Leave it for now, Joe,” said Withers. “Ros. There’s something more, isn’t there. What is it?”
Ros’s lower lip began to quiver. “Sal thinks that ball…that ship…thing, is something I already know about. I told her no, but I can tell she didn’t believe me. Am I not to be trusted? Am I not a full member of this crew?”
Withers placed a comforting hand on the girl’s shoulder. “Absolutely you are. You know this ship better than anyone, anywhere. I’m sure it was just a misunderstanding.”
“Yeah,” agreed Farmer. “You just have a break and eat with us and things will seem much better. It always works for me.”
Farmer dished up, leaving plenty for the others. They ate, mostly in silence, and by the time they had finished Ros was in a happier frame of mind. She told them what she saw—the strange ball of light and how it had disappeared instantly. “I’m pretty sure our people have nothing like that,” said Farmer. “Do you know of anyone developing a ship like that?” he asked Withers. 
“Nothing I was aware of. The Russians? Americans?”
Salashar entered and Ros glanced up at her, quickly looking away again. 
“Need you back on the deck do I,” said Salashar. 
Ros just stared at the table as if weighing up that instruction. 
“Ros…”
Rosfordos stood to leave the galley, the briefest of glances at Salashar as she walked from the room. 
“Ros.”
“I’m on my way.”
With Rosfordos gone, Salashar got two drinks, one for Grakosdrak and one for herself. 
“Ros was telling us of some ship or ball out there just now,” said Farmer.
“Gone now it has. To prepare for Earth orbit soon must we.”
“Anything we can do?” asked Withers.
“Buckle up in one hour. The others you can tell.”
“Right. Will do. Sal. Ros is a great kid.”
“Yeah,” replied Salashar as she left.
Withers looked at Farmer and said, “Best keep out of it and hope they sort things out.”
Farmer gathered up the bowls and cutlery. “They had better do it soon.”
On the upper of the ship’s three main decks was the dedicated touchdown securing section. It was a specially reinforced egg-shaped room designed to protect the crew from crash landings and also from any enemy attack; a semi-circle of seats with high tensile webbing straps and buckles that automatically secured anyone sitting on them. All six passengers settled down and spent time checking helmets and air.  
Lan Yang made fine adjustments to her air supply. “I just wish there was more I could be doing.”
Drifta assured her, “Controlling the ship is mostly the job of the main computer. Salashar and Rosfordos will modify the ship’s speed and direction. Grakos will be on the laser canons.”
Romano said, “Earth is unlikely to have ships armed with anything that could trouble us.”
“So what was that ball of light then?” asked Farmer. 
Withers said, “The way Ros told us how it looked and how fast it vanished, tells me it isn’t from Earth. That said, I suppose there’s a possibility the Jorgon rebels have passed on advanced technology.”
“Such as what?” said Drifta. “The Jorgonians are less well equipped than the Alliance and if the Alliance had developed something more advanced than this ship, wouldn’t they have sent that rather than this one?”
Farmer pointed at the small screen, their window to the universe around them. “That’s what we must focus on, not some freaky light that’s long gone.”
Even in the short time they had taken to secure themselves, Earth was noticeably closer.

Chapter 29


Zaxtormon’s imposing presence and legendary status had the technicians waiting nervously for his booming voice.
“Names?”
“Nuldibral, Sir.”
“Ganzolmin, Sir.”
There was something so mind-numbingly ordinary about them that Zaxtormon always struggled to recall their names and who was whom. Both were overweight, unkempt and Zax just itched to get them into the service to knock them into suitable shape but they were never the types to sign up for something involving discipline. 
“And this came in when?”
“Thirteen minutes ago, Sir,” said Ganzolmin. “We contacted you immediately.”
“This from Salashar?”
“Yes, Sir,” said Nuldibral. “Their ship’s computer recorded the event. A light appeared, was stationary for a few seconds, then vanished. Until it reappeared between Consolon and Zelphon, nine seconds later. There it is, Sir.”
Zaxtormon stared at the bright yellow light sphere, hanging in space until it vanished eight seconds later. “And it went were?”
Both nerds shrugged. “We…”
“Yes?”
“No idea, Sir,” confessed Nuldibral. “No trace signal anywhere.”
Zaxtormon felt one of his headaches coming on. “Split travel or no split travel, to get from where the ship saw it to here in nine seconds is…impossible. Correct?”
“As far as we know, Sir,” said Ganzolmin. “Certainly beyond our technology.”
Zax stretched himself up to his towering full height, pulled the heads of the two technicians close to his chest and whispered, “For now, none of this exists. Is this clear?”
“Yes, Sir.”
“Back to work.”
The pair were still shaking when he had left. For Zax it was an unscheduled meeting with the Principal next. Domtavora knew this man well and understood all of his expressions.
“Zax,” he said, a wave of his hand inviting him to sit.
“Dom. Something…disturbing has turned up. Ganzolmin and Nuldibral showed me a recording of a strange object visiting our solar system. Yet this report came in from Salashar in Earth’s solar system a few minutes later. A large glowing ball of light that can travel at speeds well beyond the speed of light, outside splits. The thing covered the distance in nine seconds.”
Domtavora sat quietly absorbing this information for a moment. “Natural phenomenon or something manufactured?”
“Highly unlikely to be natural, Dom. It’s speed…unbelievable.”
“And now it is where?”
Zaxtormon shrugged, his expression blank. “No idea. Something else. Salashar also received an encrypted coded signal, she assumes from Earth. My best guess is it was intended for the rebels on Jorgon.”
Dom stood and paced the room. “Any idea what the message was?”
“No, Sir. If my people could undergo more surveillance work on Jorgon, I’m sure we…”
“Zax. That would violate the Alliance interplanetary laws. Unless there’s a threat to the Alliance or any of the Alliance planets…”
“…We will not interfere with that other planet. I know. These rebels are clearly still very active and in collusion with Earth to overthrow the present regime and restore their old ways. Unless we find out their plans we could be under threat of attack at any time.”
“Don’t you think I know that? But what evidence do you have for me to present to the council to allow you to undertake this surveillance?”
“If I could prove there is a plot to the Alliance, we could take action to prevent it.”
“It doesn’t work that way, Zax, and you know it.”
The security commander stood, striking the desk like a hammer with his fist. “That’s just politics, Dom. Tell me how I am to defend the Alliance if my hands are tied?”
Domtavora held up a hand to calm his friend. “I am due to go on a diplomatic visit to Jorgon in ten days’ time. We can find some reason to bring that forward, split alignment or something. Whatever. So requesting extra security for the journey wouldn’t be unreasonable.”
For the first time of entering the spacious office, the security commander smiled. “I’ll make the arrangements. Quietly.”
“Now all I have to do is persuade the council we need to visit Jorgon earlier.”

Chapter 30


Earth
Alexander Smith checked his appearance in the mirror of his imposing office. The frame of the mirror had carved symbols of a bygone era, when a hundred years earlier his heroes had come so close to achieving their dreams and ambitions until being beaten in the second world war. Grey blue eyes stared at him from some faraway place, his mind filled with images of the glory days but also the new ambitions for the future. He twitched his upper lip to ensure his immaculately trimmed moustache was perfect, adjusted the grey tie with the black swastika emblem, then stretched himself to his full height of six foot two inches. In three strides he was at the door to the conference room, pausing to take in a deep breath, then he entered the larger room.
Seventeen similarly attired men and women stood up sharply, and as one they slapped their left shoulders with their right hands in their salute. Smith responded the same way before stepping onto the platform and taking the rostrum.
The side door opened and a middle aged man with slicked greying hair stepped into the room and nodded at Smith. This was the all clear that the security checks had been completed on those present and also to ensure no electronic surveillance was spying on the proceedings. Smith gestured for everyone to sit and, partly for dramatic affect, paused for thirty seconds before addressing the meeting.
“Warriors of the New Order. Between us we represent all corners of Earth, our combined factions ready and eager to fight and finally, finally achieve our destiny. No longer will we be held back by inferior races or those opposing our logical ideologies. And believe me when I say this, that there are many hundreds of thousands around the world who in their hearts share our truth and are just as keen to join us in our noble endeavours to create a world we all know we should have.”
“Yes, glorious commander.” She was a pretty blonde woman on the front row, unable to contain her enthusiasm. “Sorry.”
“No need to apologise for your passion, Lieutenant Scott. Your fellow Australians are equally as passionate and chomping at the bit to get going as are we all. Lights.”
The lights dimmed and the large screen behind him lit up. “Thanks to the superior technology of our friends on the planet Jorgon, our own satellite is following the progress of the ship from their enemies in the Alliance. The satellite is too advanced to have its signals detected by Earth technology. We, however, can transmit to Jorgon using the satellite, undetected. We know there are four of Earth’s astronauts and five Alliance aliens on this ship. We can only imagine the brainwashing our brave astronauts have endured to be used in an attempt to convince Earth’s leaders to side with them against our friends of Jorgon.” A pause to allow the grumblings of the congregation to die down. “We know a few like-minded citizens of Jorgon have established an underground base in the jungle, and together with our numbers and their technology we can and will achieve our destiny, not just here on Earth but out there, on other planets.”
Smith stared out at the white faces beaming with pride and ambition, bursting to act.
“We are so close. Our own people in high offices around the world are ready to shed the shackles of misguided philosophies and convince the politicians that this Alliance delegation is nothing than a sham, coming here only to blind our leaders to the truth of the real plans of the Alliance. And we must be ready to play our part and show the human race will not be ruled by these aliens.” 
Smith looked each one of them in the eyes, his finger pointing at them as he did so. “We have been preparing our demonstrations against this invasion, millions ready to take to the streets to shout loud and clear that the ship and those on it must be destroyed before they can spread their poison. Then…” He bashed the lectern with his fist. “That is the moment to strike and take control of Earth and join with our comrades on Jorgon. Only then can our superior races dominate not only here, but across the universe. Can we do this?”
“Yes!” they shouted with one voice, all standing.
“Will we do this?”
“Yes!”
“Is this our time?”
“Yes, yes, yes!” they cried, stomping their feet as one, the vibrations through the wooden floors shaking the entire room. 
As this continued, most of them freely crying with excitement, Smith saluted and yelled, “Go! And be ready.”
Hand picked form the brightest around the world, sharing a belief in their superiority, they had been placed on accelerated career paths where they would be in positions to work behind the scenes to get things done. Completely fired up and eager to take their planned roles in the events to unfold, to make history and change the world, they filed out of the room. Smith stood alone, his eyes closed, savouring the moment.

Chapter 31


Lovibeme, the young female enforcers’ three pip captain, was as small as Zaxtormon was huge but the steely glint in her eyes told everyone she was not easily intimidated. “Will four of us be enough you think, Sir?”
Zax said, “Any more would be too easily seen by any scanners, even in the jungle. It’s obvious we will be under scrutiny from the rebels anyway which is why I’m hoping their attention will be on me and the other three officers. We are reasonably sure they are planning something with factions on the planet Earth and anything we can find out will help us with the Alliance security.”
Lovibeme pointed to the three dimensional projection before them and focussed on a highlighted section. “If the rebels have been planning this for decades, it would be anyone’s guess the extent of their underground base and the level of technology they have. It’s possible we would only really find out by somehow getting inside.”
“No, Captain. You would almost certainly be discovered and I would not be allowed under Alliance law to help you. We cannot afford to lose one of our best officers and also we don’t want to let the rebels know we are after them.”
“Understood, Sir.”
“Look. This is the last patrol report. As you can see, this part of the rebel base lifted up. We assume it’s an air venting. It wouldn’t need more of an opening for weapons discharge. That narrows things down a bit. If you push through the dense forest region from this direction, if you witness anything significant, we will have a rough knowledge of the extent of their base.”
Lovibeme said, “My technical officer is the best at covert technology and between us we’ll come up with something useful.”
“I’ve no doubt about that. We leave for Jorgon tomorrow with Principal Domtavora. This is just a diplomatic mission as far as everyone else is concerned, and during all the pomp and ceremony your team will slip away on your mission. On the third day at noon we must leave. That’s with or without you.”
“Understood, Sir. It will be good to have this experience.”
“It will be even better to have you back safely on the ship.”
“Yes, Sir. My team is organising our gear on the ship. I’ll get back to them.”
“Carry on, Captain.”
The security commander watched the diminutive but highly resourceful captain hurry back to her team and he joined Domtavora in his office. 
“Everything’s under control, Principal.”
Dom smiled. “I’d expect nothing less, Commander. They have to return from that mission.”
“There is always risk with any mission, Dom. And Lovibeme is the best I have. If things do get unpleasant between us and the combined Jorgon - Earth forces, we will need officers like her more than ever.”
Domtavora sighed and he said, “We really must avoid war at all cost. My hopes rest on Driftaxol and his team to reach an understanding with the leaders of Earth that we may develop a harmonious relationship. That way everyone wins.”
“Spoken like a true politician, Sir. I love and admire your optimism, Dom, and I wish I shared it. I have to go.”
“Who was it who said, ‘plan for the worst and hope for the best’?”
Zax paused at the open doorway. “I think you did.”
With that, he was gone. 

Chapter 32


“We’ve gone over this so many times, now,” said Drifta. “For the initial contact, it will be the five of us. Four Earth humans and me.”
“You really are an Earth Human as you call it,” said Farmer.
Drifta shook his head. “That’s not the point. The five of us look different to the others and that’s what they need to see first.”
Again, Maglissa’s expression showed her inner turmoil. “Too alien for you, am I?”
He took her hand in his and kissed it as he searched for the words. “I love every groove in your face, but to those on Earth, you might be a little disconcerting.”
“Possibly true,” said Withers. “But don’t forget some of them have been dealing with Jorgonians, so they’ll be familiar with the physical differences already.”
Lan Yang said, “Look at me. My face is different from everyone else on this ship. Makes no difference.”
Romano said, “True. But they’ll be jumpy enough. Drifta’s right. We need to smooth the way for this.”
“Want me to leave, do you?” said Maglissa, her eyes glaring at her Earth human husband.
Drifta stroked her face grooves in the way he knew made her tingle in her sensitive regions. She stood to leave, her emotions in turmoil, her logical mind knowing he was infuriatingly right. 
“Do not stuff this up, you.”
“Who, me?”
Maglissa kissed his smooth face and with an exaggerated toss of her hair, she stormed out.
“That looks pretty married to me,” said Romano with his huge dimpled grin.
Salashar’s face appeared on the screen. “Attention Earth humans. And the other one.”
“She means you, Drifta,” said Farmer.
“Hmm.”
Salashar continued. “Our communication to all of Earth will commence in ten seconds. All will see and hear you.”
They all took deep breaths and when the screen showed themselves as they appeared on Earth, Withers spoke.
“Hi, everybody. This is …Commander Withers. Hey. Sorry it’s been awhile. But we are all safe, as you can see, and looking forward to meeting up with family and friends again. We’ve had quite an adventure, but more of that later. I’m here with Lan Yang, Joe Farmer and William Romano. Give a big wave to our friends on Earth, team.”
They waved and grinned as if their lives depended on it. 
“Now. Here’s a handsome face you’ve never seen before. His name is Driftaxol. We just call him Drifta. He was just hitch-hiking on some far flung asteroid so we took pity on him and picked him up. Only joking. Actually, his mum and dad were Abigail and Darwin Jones, astronauts from our planet. Sadly they didn’t survive although amazingly their baby boy did. I’ll let Lan Yang take it from here.”
“Hi. So very good to say hello. Can’t wait to see old friends and tell them about the amazing things we have seen and done. We met some wonderful people on Mars and went off with them to their worlds. I know. Kinda crazy, hey? I could write a book. Hey, I will write a book. Lots of books. Anyway, we met people so like us, who welcomed us and looked after us. I studied their worlds, lived amongst them. They are nothing to fear.”
“Joe,” prompted Withers. 
“Joe Farmer here, folks. Yeah. I tell you. It’s been a bit crazy after the Mars mission but I’ve loved every minute of it. But you know what I missed the most, apart from great Irish beer? Aunt Sally? You made the best bread pudding ever. I mean hot with a dollop of ice-cream, couldn’t beat it. And how is Uncle Bill’s arthritis? Still complaining I bet. Romano’s itching to say something.”
“Finally. Bread pudding? We really have to save the world from such stuff. Cousin Margarita. Your pasta sauce is to die for. Only we Italians really know how to cook. I’ve been trying to teach my friends on these new planets how to do it but the tomatoes just aren’t up to the job.” He paused. “Hey. I think what we are trying to tell you is we are here to introduce you to some wonderful people. But the only one here who can really do that is sitting next to me. Drifta.”
Drifta took a deep breath and said, “Hello. Not too sure what to say but to tell you I am the son of Abigail and Darwin Jones. My father died in an accident before they reached Mars. My mother, heavy with me, was saved by people from other worlds, very much like me and you. I have lived with them all life and I fell in love and married one of them. To me she is beautiful, intelligent, and one day the mother of our child. Maglissa. Please join us.”
Drifta couldn’t be sure Mag would do this, but eventually the door hissed open. She sat next to Drifta and took his hand. 
“Maglissa is my name. Know that different from you do I look. My colour is that of the people on my planet and my features…” Drifta chuckled and stroked her face but she brushed him away. “Stop that. So annoying is he. My features are a little different to yours. What our child shall be like will be yours to guess.” She jabbed him with her elbow. “More like me hope I.”
Withers took over. “So there it is for now. No doubt you will have a lot to talk about. We’re not going anywhere. When you’re ready, give us a call. Any frequency will do. Love you all. Later.”
The screen blanked. They sat in silence, fully aware of what they had unleashed and waited for the response. 
The media on Earth went ballistic, a single topic storm. So much so it was almost impossible to monitor it in the flight deck. Salashar and Rosfordos isolated signals as Grakosdrak took the other controls. One caught their attention above all others. She was President of the United States of America. 
“Hello? Hello? Can you hear me out there? This is Georgina West, President of the USA.”
“Can hear and see you, do we,” replied Salashar.
“Oh. Err, great. I can hear you but I can’t see you. We saw the astronauts from our planet, on the ship with you. But not you from your planet. Is it possible for us to see you?”
“It has to happen sometime,” said Rosfordos.
Grakosdrak nodded and said yes. Salashar turned on the visuals. The slightly startled look on the presidents face quickly turned into a smile. “Right. I can see you clearly. Who…what do I call you?”
Salashar introduced them, even Grakosdrak managing a smile.
“Got you,” said West. “Just call me Georgina. I must say, you look surprisingly…human.”
“You do also,” said Grakosdrak, gruffly.
West laughed. “I’ll take that as a compliment. Are you intending to land?”
“An invitation is that?” Salashar asked.
“Of course. I shall make the arrangements personally. We need to ensure we are not at risk from possible viruses. Some decontamination process will be required. Are you okay with that?”
“Yes,” said Salashar.
“Right. I’ll be back to you within the hour.”
The image went blank. They joined the others and within minutes, the social media went crazy after the conversation with the president. On one channel, Grakosdrak’s hairy face, distorted and angry looking, came up with the caption, ‘space aliens descending on Earth!’ There was more of that and much worse. Maglissa looked at the Earth humans. 
“So welcoming and friendly are they.”
“Just a few idiots,” said Withers.
“More than a few,” said Drifta, pointing at the screen.
“…start of an invasion. They’ve captured and brainwashed our astronauts and there will be an army of these alien ships invading us. Don’t be fooled. Destroy them before they destroy us.”
Grakosdrak had seen enough and stood to return to the flight-deck. “Time to go home now.”
“We’ll handle it,” Withers assured him.
“Yeah, sure.” He left the room.
Maglissa said, “How can you want to live on that planet? Want nothing to do with them now do I.” She was so angry, she scowled suspiciously at her husband then stormed out. Drifta was about to follow her, but Salashar grasped his arm.
“Not now. Will talk to her later shall I.”
“What about our mission?” asked Lan Yang.
“Grakosdrak is the mission commander,” said Drifta. “I’ll go talk to him. No promises, though.”
“Shall I go with you?” asked Withers.
Drifta considered this then said, “Okay.”
They found him cursing the screen as he flicked between the various Earth channels, the negative reactions outnumbering the welcoming messages.
“Look human do I. Me. Look human do I”
“She didn’t mean to offend you, Grakos,” said Withers. “She was just saying how alike we are.”
“Once we meet the president things will improve,” said Drifta.
“Not me,” snapped Grakosdrak, waving a dismissive hand at the screen. 
“I’ll go with the Earth humans in the shuttle.”
“But not take my little girl will you, Drifta.”
Maglissa had entered and had heard the conversation. “Don’t go, you. Cannot defend you on the shuttle from the ship.”
“We’ve come too far not to try this,” said Withers. “The president’s back on.”
“Georgina here. Hi. The White House lawns are cleared. A decontamination tent is being erected. I’ll be here with my staff to welcome you. Here are the coordinates. Will you please visit us?”
Drifta looked at Grakosdrak. “Well?”
Relenting, Grakos said, “Go.”
“Going with them am I,” said Maglissa.
Grakosdrak thumped the console. “Never.”
Maglissa kissed her father’s cheek. “My husband goes, I go with him.”
“Women!” He sighed and caved in. “Go.”
Mag kissed him again. “President Georgina. On our way are we.”
In the belly of the ship was the shuttle, designed and equipped for five, now crammed with six. The controls were basic compared to the ship’s, and only one was required to fly it. Drifta strapped himself in and went through the pre-flight procedure ensuring the landing site coordinates were locked in, and the little shuttle was ready to go.
Drifta said, “Grakos. We are ready.”
“Take care of my girl or not return, you.”
“Got that. Open bay door.”
“Good luck,” said Salashar as she opened the bay door through which Earth appeared large and blue. With a hiss, the shuttle dropped into space. They entered Earth’s atmosphere, the marsillion coating shielding the vessel from the heat. 
“Excited?” Drifta asked his passengers behind him.
“And a little apprehensive,” said Withers. “I’m sure the president will tell the world she has welcomed us back and is looking forward to hearing what we have to say.”
“But will all your planet want to hear or believe us,” replied Drifta. “Not exactly much encouragement so far.”
“What can we say, Drifta,” said Farmer. “We from Earth are an interesting bunch.”
The voice of Grakosdrak came over their speakers. “We can see several small conflicts raging between different regions of Earth so be careful, you.”
“Missiles?”
“Some. Determined to destroy themselves it seems.”
“We have visuals of it,” said Drifta. “Surface to surface missiles, nothing that could get near us.”
Lan Yang said, “It looks like the Middle East as usual and a couple of places in Africa.”
They saw a missile blast off and explode in a city hundreds of miles away. Drifta could feel Maglissa’s hand squeeze hard onto his forearm. He could see she was anxious and also dismayed at what these people were doing to each other. He could imagine innocent children buried in the devastation. He tried to smile at her but could find no words of comfort or reassurance for her.
“Aiming at the shuttle are they, Drifta,” came the worried voice of Salashar watching from afar. 
“Their missiles are too slow and too far away,” he replied.
“I can only apologise,” said Withers. “Damn it! Why will we never learn?”
The very idea of these fighting people getting more advanced technology from the Jorgon rebels was what scared them most.
Chapter 33


The Alliance enforcers ship landed within the main city walls of Jorgon. It was intended to be a diplomatic visit to enhance relationships between them and sign trade deals. To much pomp and ceremony, Principal Domtavora followed the security unit at the side of Zaxtormon. It was important to make a show of the security commander being a part of the ceremony to divert attention away from Lovibeme and her unit who would lie low on the ship until nightfall when they would undertake their mission into the jungle to spy on the rebels. 
Domtavora paused on the slope of the rear ramp, smiled until his teeth ached and waved madly at the enthusiastic crowd. A rag-taggle band of musicians, mostly off-key and beat, played louder in the hope that volume would somehow make up for the lack of musical ability. Nobody seemed to mind too much as the cheering citizens were determined to demonstrate how much they appreciated this official visit from such an esteemed leader of the Alliance.  
Jalmortlov Mil’ferid, flanked by Gotloskad and Parzandor, still wore nothing remotely more flamboyant than any other Jorgonian. With slavery crushed, nobody was considered more important than anyone else and the simple tunic style of dress only differed by the adornment of crudely fashioned jewellery and headgear of feathers and flowers. 
Jalmortlov Mil’ferid held the hand of Domtavora high and said, “My dear friends. It is my pleasure and honour to welcome Principal Domtavora and the Security Commander Zaxtormon to Jorgon. This is a friendly visit but we will be exploring ways we can develop trade talks to our mutual benefit. Principal Domtavora.”
“We are so heartened to see the free citizens of Jorgon tirelessly striving to rebuild a new society where equality is the cornerstone of your civilisation. I see the foundations, strong and solid on which a great future is being created for every one of you. As my esteemed friend, Jalmortlov Mil’ferid and I will indeed develop the beginnings of a thriving trade relationship, look on this day as being the start of a richer world for all of us. This is indeed a great time for everyone. Thank you.”
To the cheers of the happy people, followed by Zaxtormon, the imposing figure in blue, they waved and smiled their way into the old palace. The people were ever more optimistic of better times to come and with the ceremonies concluded, happily made their way home.
Hours later, in the silence of the night, four shadowy figures dropped from the belly of the ship; seconds later they had vanished as the battered moon dipped under dark clouds. On the other side of the city wall, from beneath their full-length plain workers’ smocks, Lovibeme and her team checked their leg-jets. The smocks were tied up around their waists and they were ready to go.
“Follow me,” said Lovibeme.
With barely audible hisses, the leg-jets lifted them three feet off the ground and after checking the direction finder on her wrist, they were whizzing into the forest along well used vehicle tracks until they entered well trodden footpaths along which the people hunted and foraged. It took all their skill to weave at speed through the trees and four hours later, they reached a clearing. 
Lovibeme settled to the ground as did her team. They ate, answered calls of nature, checked their equipment and direction. 
“Just over five hours gone.” From her wrist device came a holographic image of their terrain. “We are here. We are reasonably sure the rebels are holed up in an underground base in this region to the north. The last team witnessed the venting as you know. But other than that we have had no visual signs, just the odd radio signal picked up. We shall take cover during the day and investigate at night. Ready?”
They all said they were, so in minutes they were back in the air and weaving through the trees. They followed many paths made by people for centuries, also animals of a multitude of sizes and shapes. Most slept in their burrows, nests and crevices and ignored the slight hiss of the leg jets whizzing by, a few nocturnal creatures becoming fully alert as they considered if the strange sounds signalled danger or food. The sounds passed in an instant to be just as quickly forgotten.
Finally, near to the edge of the tropical forest the fliers were relieved to sit on grassy banks of a clearing and at last able to remove the leg-jets. 
“Beats walking, I suppose,” said sergeant Balcobardok, a seasoned enforcer officer. “Hey, Captain,” he said as he helped break out the rations. “What I don’t get is that surely some of the former slaves would have been used in building this rebel base. Why haven’t any of them stepped up to tell us all about the place?”
“This was considered, but we presumed any slaves used were killed to guard the secrets of the base. Not only that, if we started asking too many questions, the rebels would soon learn we were onto them. Keep the cooking to a minimum. We’ll clean up as soon as we’ve eaten and sleep. Cavdorival. Fix the sensors as the rest of us clean up.”
Cavdorival got busy. “Six should do it,” he said, “As long as something big and hairy with claws don’t trip them.”
Balcobardok gave young Vislartinral a playful nudge with his elbow. “You wouldn’t do that, would you, lad?” 
“I shouldn’t worry, Sergeant. The stink of your feet will keep the critters away,” said Vislartinral, giving as good as he got.
“Keep it quiet,” hissed Lovibeme. 
With the work done, they wrapped their robes around their bodies and all were asleep in minutes.

Chapter 34


The shuttle skimmed the Pacific Ocean, four missiles matching its speed. There came a sudden unnerving judder of the shuttle, followed by warning lights flashing. 
“Navigation system malfunction,” said Drifta, wrestling with the controls to no avail. The shuttle suddenly dipped alarmingly, skimmed the waves then pulled upwards sharply, only to level out with a stomach churning barrel roll. “I have it back again.”
“Could have fooled me,” said Farmer, still trying to breathe.
“Those missiles are still with us. Homing in on our engines,” said Withers. “It’s the heat.”
“Time to cool things down then,” said Drifta. “Hold onto something.”
The shuttle juddered as it pounded its way into the water, the impact significantly slowing the craft down. As Drifta used the controls to compensate, the craft stabilised and continued at its much slower underwater speed. However that hadn’t prevented the missiles crashing into the water as they tried to home in on the last airborne heat signals of the engines. 
Joe Farmer said, “They’ll just fizzle out and sink soon.”
The shuttle slowed down below the slower speed of the missiles which were gaining on them. 
“Now would be good,” said Drifta. “This craft wasn’t exactly built as a submersible.”
The lead missile closed the gap and Drifta had to take evasive action to avoid collision and it skimmed past by the narrowest of margins. Twisting, pulling and pushing the ‘V’ shaped direction controller, the shuttle zigzagged through the water, two missiles still following ever closer. 
“At least two gone now,” said Maglissa, watching the instruments as she sat by Drifta’s side. “Hard left go.”
Drifta yanked the shuttle fully left and the shuttle banked that way and lower into the water, but still the missiles were after them, even closing the distance between them. Drifta tried a stomach churning barrel roll on an upward trajectory. The missiles were almost upon them, but that final twist of direction had been enough to have them colliding and the resulting explosion right behind the shuttle had them blasted from the water, the engines spluttered and down they went, smashing hard onto the surface. 
Almost every light went out and all they could hear was the engines cooling as they all recovered from the experience both surprised and delighted to still be alive.
“That was fun,” said Drifta, finally.
Maglissa had learned enough from her father and Salashar to understand and use the instrumentation and by re-routing some of the sensors, they had some of the backup commands working. 
“No drive commands have we.” She tapped one of the few lit controls and the top of the shuttle opened partially. 
“At least we can breathe,” said Withers, standing and taking in deep lungfuls of fresh salty air. “We have company.”
They stood and joined her to look out at the ship fast approaching them.
“Tell me they’re friendly,” said Drifta.
Lan Yang said, “Sorry, I don’t think so. I’m guessing these are from the same lot who fired the missiles at us.”
Maglissa’s piercing I told you so look summed up her opinions on the situation and Earth humans in particular.
“Just great,” said Drifta.

Chapter 35


Zaxtormon’s frustration was palpable. To not at least be in communication with Captain Lovibeme concerned him but no way could they risk messages being intercepted. The two officers who had joined him inside the old palace had assured him the conference room was secure. One officer set up the three dimensional holographic images of the region where they thought the rebels had built their base. 
“It has to be here,” said Zax, waving a hand over a wide expanse beyond the treeline. “Obviously an underground base, there still has to be access, more ventilation points, probably missile sites concealed somewhere. We have a few clues where we think they would be, such as between this cluster of low hills. That would be my best guess, but we have nothing conclusive. Captain Lovibeme and her team are attempting to establish what the situation really is.”
Gotloskad said, “We took your advice and kept our people away to leave the surveillance to the experts. But I agree with you this seems the most likely place. There are underground streams to provide their water. A hydroponic farm could grow food.”
Parzandor said, “I’ve discretely asked around some trusted people, former slaves, but nobody knows anything for sure, just the odd rumour.” He sighed. “Slaves used in the construction would have been…disposed of.”
Domtavora’s solemn glance up at Zaxtormon expressed his deep sadness on how the Alliance people had lived in relative harmony and peace whilst ordinary Jorgonians suffered. He had wondered many times about their non-intervention policy, but the council had always voted for it. Indeed, he was even now arguably contravening those policies. His instincts assured him he was doing the right thing.
“It has to be that living in the city, former slave masters must be just waiting for the time when they can fight to gain back control. They are all known to you and watched I presume?”
“As much as we dare to avoid creating suspicion,” said Parzandor. “I think it all depends on if and when Earth becomes an ally to them. Armed with technology almost on a par with the Alliance, coupled with their warlike tendencies…” he shook his head, leaving the sentence to hang.
Jalmortlov Mil’ferid suddenly felt the pain inflicted for many years by the slave masters, images of sickening brutality on the slaves, including women and children. 
“I do not want to finish my days with this threat hanging over us. Dom, I feel it in my old bones the solution lies with the mission to Earth. If Driftalox can convince enough of Earth leaders there could eventually be a better future for their planet and by embracing our peaceful ideology we could all prosper…”
Zaxtormon said, “That is quite a quest.”  


Chapter 36


The war ship came alongside the shuttle, several faces staring from the deck at the odd looking craft. One took careful aim with a weapon and the bullet slammed into the front of the shuttle, just in front of the clear screen. 
Drifta sighed, seeing no alternatives to allowing themselves to be taken onboard. He had to jab the control sensor several times before the wounded craft submitted to his commands and the roof sections slid away into their integral compartments. 
“We must place our hands on our heads to show we surrender,” explained Withers. She did this as she stood up. “We are unarmed,” she called out to the faces high above her. The others followed her lead and stood up with their hands on their heads.
“This is a peace mission,” Drifta called out. “We are unarmed.”
This statement did nothing to stop the guns being aimed at them. Mounted on two swivel bases were substantial looking machine guns with barrels poking out of thick gauged armour plating. From behind those, two heads peered out at the strange catch on the deck below. 
The captured team heard a brief discussion with commands being barked and two rope ladders were dropped and secured. 
“I’ll go first,” said Withers. “With luck they might know who I am.”
Withers took hold of the nearest ladder and started climbing, the others following her, Drifta and Maglissa last. Dragging themselves over the side-rails, they lined up with their hands on their heads. Five men stood just a couple of yards away, one swift movement from firing a shot at the hostages should they feel so inclined. 
None of the ship’s crew wore uniforms although one wore a filthy, battered blue peaked cap. Swarthy, muscular, taller than the others, flanked by three of his men, he approached the prisoners. Taking his time, he went along the line-up, pausing to stare at each face, his dark piercing eyes scrutinizing each in turn. Of the three men by his side, two had weapons, one worked a tablet. He showed images on the tablet to the captain, giving names to the prisoners. From the archives, he found Withers, Lang, Farmer and Romano, calling out their names one by one. When they got to Drifta, the man was defeated, finding no information. Finally they came to Maglissa. The captain pointed at her face, nothing like any face he had seen before. Asking the question, the man with the laptop could only shrug and offer no explanation of whom she might be.
The captain scrutinized Maglissa, staring at her facial grooves. Drifta could feel Maglissa’s revulsion and anger rising, willing her not to react. Although seething, she just managed to contain herself until the man’s fingers were about to touch the grooves. In an instinctive reaction, she bit the man’s finger, drawing blood and a squeal of pain. It was his turn to react and he raised a hand to strike her face but Drifta grabbed his arm and refused to let go even when the barrels of two guns were held to his head.
Unflinching, Drifta said, “Hit her and I will find a way to kill you.”
For several fraught seconds when nobody dared to breathe, Drifta and the captain stared at each other. The man with the tablet had been busy and tapped his boss on the shoulder who finally turned to look at what was on the screen. Drifta let the man go, ready to pounce given half a chance. 
The captain snapped out orders, then at gunpoint the prisoners were pushed along the deck to a rusting open door and once inside the door was slammed shut and they heard the heavy locking mechanism seal them in. The captain shouted something obviously offensive to them and then his boots could be heard as he stormed away.
Maglissa kicked the steel door then spat at it. “Not impressed with this planet am I.” Then, “Let me out of here you…”
Even Drifta hadn’t heard language as profound as what followed, especially from Mag.
“Hey. We’ll get out of here,” he said, wrapping his arms about her.
“Then bite off his other fingers will I.”
Drifta kissed her forehead and grinned at this feisty woman. “And I wouldn’t try to stop you. Carla. What’s happening? What did he say?”
“Sorry,” replied Withers. “I don’t speak his language. It looks like they want to keep us alive though. To them we are valuable property especially you, Mag.”
Romano and Yang had been checking out their tiny cell, just a small mesh grill by the side of the door for ventilation. Lang found a switch and flicked it.
“At least we have light now. Looks like a small storeroom.”
As they got used to the dim light, they could at least explore their cell. Along one side were twenty kilo sacks, about a hundred of them stacked neatly around two of the walls. Farmer punched one then rearranged them for something to sit on. As he sat on a pile of sacks he forced open a small seam. 
“Crack cocaine I’m guessing. We’re sitting on a fortune of the stuff.”
“Illegal?” Drifta asked.
“In most countries, very. These people wouldn’t hesitate to sell us to the highest bidder.”
“As slaves?” Maglissa asked. Images of the old slave days of Jorgon filled her mind.
“No, Mag,” said Romano. “For your people’s advanced technology. In the wrong hands the world would be tossed into chaos.”
Sitting on several sacks of illegal drugs, Drifta stared at the locked steel door. “Nothing we can do about it in here.”
But as he said those words, he knew they were not really alone. From a million miles away, a quietly fuming Grakosdrak glared at the highly magnified image of the vessel. “Hurt my daughter and destroy them will I.”
Salashar knew and loved him well, understanding his temper and justifiable anger. At first they were optimistic a passing ship had gone to help a stranded vessel, but by computer enhancing the images, the weapons trained on them told the true story. Salashar had to use her persuasive abilities to stop any rash actions by Grakosdrak. This was a time for clear thinking and measured responses. Yet before she could voice her thoughts, it was a communication from Earth that caught her attention.
“This is Georgina West, president of the USA.”
Grakosdrak was about to express his opinions when Salashar jabbed him with her elbow. 
“President,” said Salashar. “Our people have been…”
“Yes. Abducted. Aware of that, Salashar. Our satellites are tracking the ship.”
Grakosdrak said, “So a rescue is to happen soon?”
“Not that simple, Grakosdrak. That ship is in troubled waters. Our intervention would result in more conflict.”
Exasperated, Grakosdrak yelled at the screen, “So nothing do you?”
“I didn’t say that, Captain. Let’s just say we are exploring all our options.”
“My little girl is down there, at the mercy of those…those…”
“Terrorists would probably cover it,” said West. “Captain. Rest assured we have not abandoned them. I have to go. I’ll call back soon. Later.”
The image vanished.
“Words,” said Grakosdrak. “A typical politician is she, full of empty words.”
Rosfordos had been controlling the ship during this debate, following the progress of the small warship. “Heading towards a port. Slowing down.”
A dense, localised fog suddenly cloaked the entire port, nothing visible from above. But that wasn’t all. “The signal has been jammed and we’ve lost them.”
“We’ve lost that ship?” Salashar said, taking the seat next to Rosfordos. 
“Just for a few seconds with some kind of interference. Then when the signals returned, the ship had vanished.”
The port was in a natural cove and there were four large vessels moored in a line. Salashar worked the imaging sensors but found no trace of the warship.
“How could that be?” Rosfordos asked.
“The pirates are more sophisticated than first thought,” replied Salashar. “They must be around there somewhere, so stay focussed on them must we.”
All they could do was to stare at the screen and hope.

Chapter 37


Lovibeme could sleep anywhere, anytime. The most experienced of her team, she had been on many missions, several with the commander himself, Zaxtormon. Much of their work had been the tracking pirates and thwarting illegal trading, finding hidden stashes of contraband. She had always enjoyed the visits to the small, mostly unpopulated moons and dwarf planets where it was easy to hide the goods. Zaxtormon had been impressed with the way she embraced the challenges of tough terrain and her insightful intuition when thinking of the most likely places to investigate. This was just a similar mission.
“It will be dark in just over an hour,” said Lovibeme, softly. All gear had been stowed away into their backpacks, weapons cleaned and checked, leg jets charged from their solar panels and primed ready for the next part of the journey.
“We have tree cover for about fifty miles,” said Sergeant Balcobardok. Pointing at the computer generated holographic display he added, “Then it’s open terrain.”
Lovibeme enhanced a particular section. “Everything suggests here is where the base will be. Historic records show a different topographical layout. Some anecdotal evidence of old mines being converted into something. Nothing reliable, though.”
“The underground water table makes it an ideal place,” said technical officer Cavdorival, fine tuning the instrument until she had the most accurate readings. She was young and keen and her speciality in the use of surveillance equipment made her an obvious choice for the mission. “The slave masters may well have been ideologically corrupt but they weren’t stupid.”
“I agree,” said Lovibeme. “But just flying over there to have a look isn’t an option. They’ll be prepared for that. This deep, narrow ravine is probably our best way. Enter at this point here, follow it around to here and use this undergrowth to cross to where we think the perimeter of their base could be. Agreed?”
“Hmm. Probably,” said Balcobardok. “But If I were them, I’d have considered that as a weak spot. We could easily walk into a trap.”
“Which we are aware of. Our equipment should warn us if we’re being watched and we’ll deal with it when the time comes. It’s either the ravine or nothing so we have to try.”
From overhead came the sound of something large moving through the treetops, followed by a low, deep growl. Aware of the wild creatures around them, they held their breath with weapons at the ready prepared for the attack. It didn’t come and they could hear the unseen beast head off into the jungle away from them.
“Not my idea of a holiday destination,” said the sergeant. “Are you with us, Vislartinral?”
“Yes. I’ll not let us down.”
“Good lad. Something to tell your grandchildren about in your old age.”
Lovibeme said, “He’s done well on the first couple of missions with me. A fledgling officer if ever I saw one, right lad?”
“You could be right, Sir.”
Lovibeme knew that banter was the best confidence booster for fresh green training enforcers, and she had selected Vislartinral for her team because of his healthy can-do attitude. Zaxtormon seldom questioned her judgement these days, but he had expressed his reservations on her taking the young man along. She had vowed to keep him safe and bring him back to the ship in one piece.
As prepared as they could be, as soon as the daylight faded they eased into their equipment packs, laser weapons at hand should they be required, then it was time to go. The leg jets had proved reliable and were perfect for carrying them at speed through the tops of the trees, the direction finders on their helmet visors ensuring they headed in the most efficient way to their objective. As the jungle gave way to more open terrain, Lovibeme slowed and dropped sedately to the ground, the others following.
“The ravine is that way,” whispered Lovibeme, taking off her leg jets and securing them to her backpack. “Stay low to the ground and be alert.”
They had three miles of open terrain to cross and they covered that in less than one hour. The ravine entrance was a narrow gap just wide enough for them to pass through with their equipment. Once inside they used infra red night vision to proceed, a trickle of a stream dividing the rocky ground. The walls of the ravine towered fifty feet above them at their highest and some of the wall looked less stable than the rest. On the ground lay evidence of rock falls and it was obvious that it wouldn’t take much to bring more rock down on themselves. At what they estimated to be the halfway point along the ravine, they stopped for a brief rest and refreshments. Lovibeme opened up the holographic display unit of the area.
“About two hundred yards from the end of the ravine there is evidence of recent excavation by a natural cave system. Any underground development has to have a way of disposing of the rubble so our intelligence department thinks if there is a base, this is the most likely of an entrance to it.”
“Do we go inside?” sergeant Balcobardok asked.
“Not if we can avoid it. All we are after is evidence of an operating underground base still being used and nothing else. If we can’t find anything conclusive outside, we might just venture a little way into the entrance. Giving the game away or engaging with the enemy is not an option. Time to go.”
Nearby, several small rocks fell from the ledge at the top of the ravine, one too close for comfort. They needed no more encouragement than that to get moving, the awkward journey seemingly longer than it actually was. On their bellies at the edge of the open land, they used their equipment to enhance their vision. 
Three caves in a foliage covered hill looked promising, the entrance to the larger, central cave much clearer of rubble than the other two. Rubble possibly from deeper excavation to expand the base had been carefully dumped to fill up the entrances of the two smaller caves. It was reasonable to assume this had been done from the inside, rather than risking revealing their location to the Alliance. They had been meticulous in clearing away any sign of activity but it was still possible it was just some abandoned mining operation built by the blood, sweat and tears of the slaves. Lovibeme needed something more conclusive as evidence it was as they suspected, one of the entrances to a vast underground command centre waiting for a return to power from the slave masters. They needed at least a quick look inside the cave.
From her backpack, Lovibeme took a disc about eight inches in diameter with a two inch depth. A detachable smaller remote controller was pulled off the disc. This was a new piece of kit designed and built for one specific purpose. 
“Get ready to record.”
“Ready,” whispered Cavdorival.
Lovibeme activated the unit and let it go. With an almost silent whirring sound from some internal drive unit, the box hovered in front of them for a few seconds and with a few minutes practice with the controller, she sent the disc skimming close to the ground towards the cave entrance. A tiny camera on the disc did nothing to confirm new activity one way or another. Lovibeme felt her throat drying up and beads of sweat trickled down her face as she concentrated on the task, ready to react instantly. Still keeping the disc low to the ground, it began recording what it could detect inside the cave. Nothing but the rocky walls of the cave. 
Then pinpoint accurate laser beams blasted the disc and Lovibeme struggled to retrieve it from the cave mouth. The disc was on an erratic flight back to the captain. Another blast scorched the top of the disc and it was almost done for. Lovibeme pressed another button, the disc opened up and a small cloud of feathers blew out to flutter to the ground. The disc had one last trick and it dropped, four little legs emerging from it which had it scurrying back to the captain.
“I got it all recorded, Captain,” Cavdorival said.
“Then time to go home.”
Balcobardok said, “Stay low. Somebody is coming out.”
A lone, uniformed figure crouched down at the entrance of the cave, partially hidden in the shadows. He used a device to examine the scene. Seeing the feathers, he seemed satisfied some flying creature had triggered its own demise. Holding her breath, Lovibeme stared at the man who seemed to be staring back at her. Then he took another look at the feathers and vanished back inside. 
“Think we got away with it?” asked Vislartinral, his laser ready for action.
“Not shooting at us is promising. Now move it.”

Chapter 38


Lan Yang and Romano were whispering to each other and Drifta noticed.
“Care to share?”
“Sorry,” replied Lan. “It’s just…just something we realised. We’ve seen what, six or seven men on this ship?”
“Sure to be a few others below deck,” said Farmer. “What are you thinking?”
Romano said, “It just occurred to us that out of the handful we’ve seen, there seems to be nearly as many different nationalities.” 
Maglissa looked at Drifta, wondering if he was as confused as she was. “What do they mean?”
“I get it,” said Withers. “This isn’t a single country outfit. It’s international.”
“Still confused am I,” admitted Mag. 
“So am I,” said Drifta.
Lan said, “I know Earth is still somewhat of a mystery for you two. But you know this world has billions of people living all over the place.”
“You call them countries,” said Drifta. 
“Right. I’m from a country called China.” She pointed at Romano. “Italy.”
“Britain,” said Withers.
“I’m from Ireland,” added Farmer. “Don’t worry. It even gets confusing for us. The thing is, even with our differences, most of us, most of the time, get along with each other with no trouble at all. But sometimes one country will fall out with another and it can get unpleasant. Our charming hosts are from several different countries, and that means one common objective. Money.”
“And that is a bad thing?” Drifta asked.
“Possibly mixed blessings from our point of view,” said Withers. “To them we are simply something to trade and being valuable to them means they’re unlikely to kill us for the hell of it. They can’t sell damaged goods.”
“Yes, I see that,” said Drifta. “Can we use that to our advantage?”
Lan Yang shrugged and replied, “I think it is something we should…” 
“There’s something happening,” said Drifta. 
Withers had noticed it too. “The engine has stopped.”
Maglissa’s patience was as low as her temper was high. Kicking and hammering on the steel door, she expressed her opinions of their abductors. Drifta went to her side and wrapped his arms about her.
“Feel better now?”
“Get them in here for me to kill.”
“Maybe hold that thought for the time being.”
He persuaded her to sit back down and rest her head on his shoulder. In the cramped, cocaine filled storeroom, the tension was tangible, all wondering in their own way what was happening on the pirate ship and, more importantly, was Grakosdrak out in space plotting how to help them as he fumed over the capture of his precious daughter. Heavy footsteps outside the room followed by the door unlocking and swinging open. Drifta held Maglissa back as two armed men filled the open doorway, a squeeze of the trigger away from slaughtering their prisoners. One pointed at Maglissa.
“You. With us now.”
Mag freed herself from Drifta’s arm but instead of going meekly to the men, she flew at them, wrapping her legs around the one barking the orders, her fingers clawing at his eyes and her teeth taking a significant chunk of his right ear. Spitting that out she clung on to his hair as he screamed, and doing everything she could to bite off his other ear. They fell backwards outside the storeroom, and Drifta, rushing the other man, was stopped as a single shot whizzed over the top of his head. The bullet ricocheted off the steel ceiling and hit the sacks behind him with a thud. The gunman stepped outside, ignoring the fight still going on between Maglissa and his shipmate. The door was slammed shut again. There came a cry of pain from Maglissa and her fight was over.
“Mag!” bellowed Drifta, hammering the steel door with his fist. 
Withers took his bloodied fist in her hand. “Save these for hitting one of them, not the door.”
“Mag…”
Lan Yang said, “I don’t think they’ll kill her. She’s too valuable to them. We’ll get our chance. We just have to be ready to take it.”
Drifta took a final kick of frustration at the door then sat heavily on the sacks, glaring at the door, willing it to open so he could grab hold of one of their captors and rearrange his face. All he could do was wait and worry about his wife.

Chapter 39


They had accomplished their mission, establishing, as they had suspected all along, that dregs of the old order buried themselves underground, plotting to re-establish the poisonous ruling class over a planet of slaves. Lovibeme and her squad raced back along the ravine then through the treetops of the jungle, back to the city and the ship to take them home. Lovibeme knew for sure that if they were late, Zaxtormon would leave without them. He knew and she knew that if the slave masters were indeed blending in with the liberated people then they would be closely watching this ‘diplomatic mission’ from the Alliance. Any suspicious delays could trigger unrest. Which meant having one of the leg jets failing was a serious problem. Cavdorival fell awkwardly to the ground, and she lay worryingly still. The others slowed down and descended slowly around.
“Cav. Cav. Are you alright?” No reply as Lovibeme tried to turn her over, but the cry of pain made her stop. “At least you’re alive.”
“Can’t…can’t go on. Done for.”
“I recall those same words from you after that drinking contest. Anything broken?”
She tried to move, gasped with the pain and dropped back down again. “Just bury me and go.”
“Such a drama queen. You have one working leg jet. That and two of us will get you home. Up you come.”
Lovibeme and Balcobardok hooked themselves under her arms, fired up their five leg jets and rose up into the air.
“You really could lose some weight. You’ll be on extra physical training when we get back home.”
“Oh, thanks. Anybody ever tell you what a sweet kind nature you have?”
“Not that I can remember.”
“No surprises there then.”
“Shut up and stop moaning. Let’s go.”
It was a cumbersome arrangement at best, and although they made steady progress, it was significantly slower than before. Two hours later they reached the edge of the jungle and the city was in sight, still some way off. Dawn was about to break and they would soon lose the cover of darkness. All the leg jets were low on fuel and reaching the ship in time was looking unlikely. Lovibeme gave the signal to settle down and they landed, the unconscious Cavdorival folding in an unconscious heap.
“Less than an hour for the rendezvous, Captain,” Balcobardok reminded her.
Lovibeme lay on her belly in the long grass, staring at the city walls, tantalizingly just out of reach.
“Right. All the power we have into one good pair of jets. Move it.”
It took precious minutes but at last they had one viable pair of leg jets. Lovibeme strapped those on.
“Stay hidden. I’ll be back for you even if I have to drag our ship back myself.”
Before anyone replied she was gone, flying through the air towards the city. Over the city walls, down low on the ground. From her back pack she got the hooded smock and pulled that on, then she was racing across the city to the ship.
Her throat was burning and her legs had no more strength in them. The city was stirring in the dawn light, some heading to the central square outside the old palace where the Alliance ship waited to take the principal and his escort home. A small crowd surrounded the official party and the farewell ceremony. The early hour of departure was dictated not by people but the how the split ran to take them home. It was time to go.
Zaxtormon was well aware Lovibeme and her squad hadn’t made it back. His face was fixed, unmoving, a cold light in his eyes. Domtavora said his final farewells and waved at the crowd one final time as he followed Zaxtormon up the ramp of the ship.
“Where are they?”
“She’s my best captain, Dom. I fear the worse.”
“We must wait…”
“It doesn’t work like that. The splits are barely predictable as it is, and being late makes the difference between a journey of days or many months. We have to leave.” Zax turned to his pilot. “Time to go. Now!”
“Yes, Sir.”
The ramp started its rise to seal the ship. The familiar deep drone of the engines commenced and the take off sequence began. Then came a strange hammering sound from the rear of the ship where the ramp had just closed up.
“Somebody knocking on the door, Sir.”
“Anyone we know?”
“Captain Lovibeme, Sir. Shall I let her in?”
Zaxtormon grinned as he looked over at Domtavora. “Let her in.”
The ramp cracked open just enough for an exhausted captain to fall into the ship.
“You’re late.”
“Sorry, Sir.”
“Take off, pilot.”
“Sir. My squad are holed up on the edge of the jungle. One’s injured.”
“Captain. You know it’s impossible to delay further without causing suspicion.”
“Sir. Just a couple of minutes to pick them up. We can’t just abandon them out there.”
“What do I do, Sir?” asked the pilot as the ship lifted off the ground in a cloud of dust.
“We have to go, captain,” said Zaxtormon.
“No. Sir. Look. I’m responsible for my squad. If we can’t get them, then let me off the ship and I’ll take my chances with them.”
The big man stared into the little captain’s eyes. He knew her to be the toughest of any of his enforcers.
“Get up front and tell our pilot where we need to go.”
It took just three minutes to fly over the city wall and to the edge of the jungle where the squad lay waiting. The ramp was lowering before the ship touched down, leaves and plants being churned up in the blast. Cavdorival was barely conscious and was practically dragged along. Lovibeme and Zaxtormon grabbed her and heaved her inside. The squad scrambled up the ramp and before they could strap themselves in, the ship was away on its tight schedule to the split. 
Deep down in the underground base, Commander Lok’jarvahl observed the ship taking off.
“So. They know we are here. Excellent. Now come back and play.”

Chapter 40


The expression ‘kicking and screaming’ couldn’t have been more apt for Maglissa as she was pushed and pulled along with her hands handcuffed behind her back and a gun aimed at her head. 
“Should have gagged the bitch,” said the one with the gun. “A lot of noise for one woman.”
“Tempting but we have our orders.”
Mag continued her tirade unabated, dragging up words her mother would have blushed at. Then through the red mist of her anger, she realised that the sky had vanished. The fighting ship was more than sixty feet stem to stern yet the whole thing seemed to have been swallowed up in a huge metal cavern. A double line of powerful lights suspended from the ceiling continued way into the distance, possibly miles. Trying to apply logic to it, she realised the pirate ship was now secured inside a much larger dummy vessel. 
Gantries, heavy lifting gear, and at least a dozen workers in white overalls and blue hard hats were working efficiently on various activities. One on a maintenance chore glanced down, but quickly resumed his task as if the sight of a woman being escorted under gunpoint was nothing unusual. 
The front of the larger vessel tapered inwards as it should have done but something else seemed strange to Maglissa. A glance over the smaller ship’s handrail revealed just a few inches of a gap and the overhead lights revealed water. Trying to comprehend her situation, she worked out they were in a larger vessel, but if that were so, why did the front section dip down to continue into a tunnel, also lit up?
As the trio walked along the steel ramp they entered the solid rock tunnel. A three-wagon electric vehicle waited for them and the one without the gun sat at the simple controls, his colleague in the double seat behind him with Mag at his side. At a steady fifteen miles per hour they trundled along the perfectly smooth ground for several minutes and at the end of the tunnel the extent of the operation was revealed. With prompting from her armed escort she awkwardly struggled out of the vehicle.
It was an extraordinary place. Maglissa felt as if she were a tiny creature in an alien world, which wasn’t too far off the mark. Partly hidden in shadows, it was almost impossible to guess the scale of the cave, although to call it a cave was a misnomer. Powerful lights hung mostly from steel structures high above her. She was standing approximately in the middle of something the area of the main sports stadium on Consolon. Having seen first hand the equipment packed ship launching centres, the vast array of sophisticated technology around her wouldn’t have been out of place there. Then she saw something more familiar. The shuttle in which they had landed on Earth.
Three white coated technicians were climbing in and out of it, making and comparing notes, completely ignoring the small female from another world. Other technicians were also totally absorbed at various huge screens and computer terminals. This made the deep booming voice from behind her even more of a jolt to the system.
“For goodness sake. Take those bloody handcuffs off her.”
Mag spun around, unaware the voice had what was known to be a British, well educated accent. He was a stocky man in a pale blue two piece outfit, not much taller than she was and considerably shorter than the man now removing the handcuffs.
“And what the hell happened to your ear?”
The man pointed at Maglissa, but said nothing.
“It is my curse to be surrounded by incompetent fools. Go and get cleaned up. It looks disgusting.” The other man still pointing the gun at Maglissa seemed unsure what to do as his friend hurried away. “Go,” said blue suit with a wave of his hand.
As he too went away, blue suit approached Mag, but having seen the bloody ear, stayed at a safe distance. “Remarkable,” he offered, circling Mag slowly. “Of course I already knew quite a lot about you, but meeting you in the flesh, so to speak…just remarkable.” He dared to step a little closer. “And…please don’t find this too forward, but you’re not an unattractive female, in a rather exotic way.”
“Lay a finger on me and bite it off will I.”
Blue suit chuckled, his dark eyes wrinkling up at the corners. “Such spirit is so endearing. Unless of course you go a little crazy and go biting chunks out of my people. I must say you speak English quite well. Did it take you long to learn it?”
“Speak the way of Consolon, my planet, do I.”
“Ah! Of course. You speak Alliance. Oh, forgive me. May I order you refreshments? Food? Something to drink?”
This man’s smile and charming demeanour confused Mag. However, there was a chilling coldness in his blue eyes that told her not to trust him.
“Not eat until my friends also do.”
“Highly commendable of you. They will be brought here shortly but you and I must talk.” He paused, looking her over. “You really are an enigma. So like us humans but at the same time interestingly different.”
“Human am I. Just not Earth human which is not something I aspire to be.”
“That’s probably quite sensible. May I enquire, what is the purpose of your visit here?”
“Four Earth humans are with us. Bring them home do we.”
The man stroked his chin thoughtfully. “Hmm. That at least is some of the truth.” A device on his wrist bleeped and he responded to it. “Yes? Good. Yes, now. Of course.” Turning his attention back to Mag, he said, “More comfortable quarters for your friends are ready. As we speak they are being escorted here. May I ask your name?”
She saw no harm in telling him this. “Maglissa.”
“Maglissa. Charming. You may call me Devorian. Please follow me. Oh. And do resist trying anything foolish.” He waved a hand around the room. “It wouldn’t be wise.”
Mag looked about her but saw nothing such as a weapon trained on her, although she was certain there were. She followed Devorian to one of several side exits and a door hissed open as he approached. Two armed officers, a male and a female, stood impassively in opposite corners. An oriental girl waited, smiling. The room was quite large and in the middle of it was a huge mahogany dining table set with covered serving dishes. Seven places were set with expensive crockery and cutlery. 
Pulling a chair out Devorian said, “Please sit.”
Mag sat, the aroma of the food making her salivate. She hadn’t realised just how hungry she was. 
“Your friends will be here very soon. May Lin, the wine please.”
“Yes, Sir.”
The beautiful girl in the kimono smiled as she poured the wine, then hovered waiting for Maglissa to sip and approve it but Mag just sat and glared at Devorian.
“Our guest is understandably reticent, May Lin. Pour mine please.” May Lin did so and Devorian raised the cut crystal glass and savoured the wine’s bouquet before sipping it delicately. “A ridiculously expensive vintage, but I think worth it. Please, Maglissa. Do try it.”
“Will wait for others to see they are safe.”
“Indeed. Ah. Here they are now.” The door swished open and Drifta, Withers, Farmer, Romano and Lan Yang entered, along with two armed men. “Welcome. Just in time to dine with us. Please take a seat.”
Drifta went to Maglissa’s side. “Has he hurt you?”
“No. Sit down.”
With an angry glare at their host, Drifta sat and took Mag’s hand in his. After a gesture from Devorian, the two armed escorts retreated, leaving the two other guards in attendance. 
Withers said, “Do you always have guests for dinner with armed guards standing by?”
“I wish it could be some other way. Now. There is a variety of wines to select from or just water if you prefer.” 
May Lin removed the covers of the food platters, revealing fine food not out of place in a five star restaurant. 
Romano licked his lips at the sight of it. “If I’m going to be a prisoner, then this is how I’d like to be one.”
They were all famished and soon a substantial meal with ample wine had improved all moods. Not that satiety would make them trust Devorian. With the meal consumed, the table was cleared and May Lin was gone.
“Well, if nothing else,” said Romano, “You know how to feed your prisoners.”
Devorian dabbed his mouth with a napkin and replied, “It may be easier for all of us to think of yourselves as guests rather than prisoners.”
Farmer said, “Then why does the song Hotel California keep going around in my head? Probably the line that says we can never leave.”
Withers said, “You know who we all are. A lot of people will be looking for us.”
“They can try,” replied Devorian. 
Drifta said, “I saw the shuttle back there. It was no malfunction or accident that made us come down where we did.”
“That’s very astute…Drifta?”
“Driftaxol. Only friends can call me Drifta.”
“Then Driftaxol it is. You are the one that intrigues me the most. Obviously not of the same people as Maglissa, but strangely not of Earth either. Would you mind enlightening me?”
“Yes, I mind. It’s none of your business.” He felt the less he revealed the better.
“Fair enough. I am merely curious. We heard something of your parents being astronauts from Earth… We'll talk more later. Now then. I still have much to do. Rooms have been prepared for you to have a more comfortable stay. All your basic needs have been considered, but if you have any specific requirements, we shall do all we can for you.” He stood to leave. “Try to have a pleasant and restful night and I will see you in the morning. Goodnight.”
Devorian left the room and one of the guards ordered the prisoners to follow. A short walk along a corridor to a door that opened up on four rooms that were interconnected. Once inside, the guards left them alone, exiting through the same door they had entered. Then came the ominous sound of some heavy duty locking mechanism clicking into place. 
Two single beds were in each of three rooms, the fourth room being a communal area with tea and coffee making facilities. A tiny shower room with a toilet with a sink was in a small annex in one corner. On a low table were six packs containing sleepwear and toiletries. 
“This has been well thought out,” said Withers. “Probably even before we landed.”
“We should go to bed and be fresh for tomorrow,” said Drifta, taking Maglissa’s hand in his.
After their ablutions six individuals became three couples—Drifta and Maglissa, Withers and Farmer, Romano with Lan Yang. The sound of single beds being shoved together came from all three rooms as they intended to make the best of their situation.

Chapter 41


Zelphon
“You look delighted to see me, Tol.”
Chief Tolpwaslo stood before him, lips pursed, one eyebrow raised, her arms folded. “Chief Tolpwaslo to you, Principal Domtavora.”
“Oops. Now I know I’m in trouble.”
“Covert operations under the guise of official visits. No. I am not happy.”
Dom approached his former lover, but her face told him to back away. “Tol…Chief Tolpwaslo. I can explain…”
“Oh, I’m sure you can. If anything had gone wrong…”
“It didn’t. And we actually did say we would try this. This was really as low key an operation as we could pull off.”
“An enforcer was injured and it was only the considerable efforts of Captain Lovibeme that saved her and, by the skin of their teeth, actually getting on the ship to come home. You call that low key?”
“Lowish?”
“If anything had gone wrong, we could be mixed up in some sort of conflict with Jorgon, not yet an Alliance planet I might add, contravening one of our core principles. The council will be in uproar when they hear of this.”
“Well, perhaps if we just, you know, wait awhile before we trouble them with this. Look, Tol. We have more evidence there is a hidden base on Jorgon.”
Tolpwaslo thawed a little. “So you said, but is it something substantial?”
“They’d been preparing for many years, long before the uprising. Getting ready to take on the Alliance no doubt. They have considerable technology that exceeds our original suspicions and I expect a number of former slave masters who have the freedom of the city, are just waiting for the command to rise up and regain control of Jorgon. We know they have plans to join forces with Earth. Tol, we must tread carefully and not tip our hand by debating this in the chamber.”
Tolpwaslo shook her head and sighed. “And you couldn’t have confided in me as soon as you returned? If I didn’t have my ways, I’d never have a clue as to what you and Zax are up to. It’s infuriating!”
Dom took Tol’s hands in his and stared lovingly into her eyes. “Tol. You know I never stopped loving you.”
Tol pulled her hands free to punch his shoulder. “No. Don’t play that game with me.”
“I told you our intentions. The details of the captain’s mission I naturally left to the experts. We were doing the best we could with what we had in difficult circumstances. What else would you have us do?” 
“You know I should have raised the mission with the council, but I buried my head in the sand like some stupid wasusi bird. Let’s put that aside for now. So now you’ve told me all this, what do you propose?”
Dom poured two glasses of something warm and potent. “That depends. What have we heard from Earth?”
“Nothing.”
“But…”
“I know. They must have cleared the split by now. Dom, I don’t mind telling you I’m getting concerned. But we are powerless to do anything about it. We’ve heard nothing from them and, if what you say about the Jorgonian old guard and Earth technology being so advanced, we can’t risk contacting the ship.”
“No. At least with Salashar and Grakosdrak we have two of the most experienced adventurers that ever flew a ship. We have to take the lead from them. We have to believe in them.”
“Agreed,” Tol said. “But in the meantime we need to make preparations here. The very idea of a Jorgonian slave masters alliance with hostile Earth humans keeps me awake at night.”
“That was always my job as I recall.”
Another playful shoulder punch. “Be serious. We need to be proactive.”
Dom smiled and winked. “Zax already has that in hand. Now. About keeping you up all night. Mind if I oblige?”
Tol picked up the flagon of liquor. “Whatever works.”
Hand in hand they left for Domtavora’s private quarters.

Chapter 42


Grakosdrak’s pacing and ranting was unnerving Rosfordos. Unlike Salashar, she wasn’t used to it. Salashar picked up on the girl’s anxiety, stood up from the pilot’s seat and stopped Grakos in mid stride. 
“Stop now you, or hit you, will I. Hard.”
Grakos had the weight and height advantage but from experience he knew the power of his wife’s right hook. He also knew how annoying he could be when stressed.
“Sorry. I…my little girl…”
Salashar hugged and kissed the big man, aware that under the gruff exterior hid a gentle, kind soul. “Share your pain do I. You’re worrying Rosfordos with all this pacing.”
“I am not worrying Ros…” He looked at the petite young woman in the co-pilot’s seat. The expression on her pretty face said it all. He went over to her side. “Forgive me. And ignore me. I’m just an old fool angry at myself for letting Mag go down to that insane planet. This is just my way of coping with it all. Sorry.”
Ros suggested, “Maybe there’s something in the medical supplies to calm you down?”
“Calm me down? Calm me down? Very calm, am I.”
Salashar said, “Grakos!”
“Not calm am I. Sorry.”
“Go take something, you,” said Sal, giving him a shove off the flight deck. “And then go lie down.”
Beaten by feminine common sense, still mumbling his opinions about Earth and those that dwelt there, he retreated. Salashar sighed with relief then sat in her seat, swivelling around to face Ros. “The finest man I’ve ever known is he. But no peace will he find until Maglissa is safe with us. 
“I know that,” said Ros. “There must be something we can be doing?”
Salashar shrugged, then said, “More going on down there than first we thought, think I.” Her expert hands worked the computer. Although being half a million miles away, the computer enhanced recording they had of the shuttle’s flight was reasonably clear. “Drifta had the shuttle under control here.”
“Apart from evading missiles.”
“Not bad flying,” said Sal, voicing her pilot’s admiration “Good skills. Hmm. Here not so good. Now says malfunction happens, shuttle not responding to Drifta’s commands. And yet…”
“The shuttle just happens to veer off to the area where the pirates were,” added Rosfordos. “Nearly two hundred miles away. And the pirates just happen to be there to pick them up.”
“Planned from the start was this. The missiles, the malfunction…”
Ros said, “Clearly even before we arrived. But how could they have known so far in advance? That strange light we saw? Could that somehow be instrumental in all this?”
“Forgotten that had I. Possibly. Wait. That was a signal, just for an instant. Jorgon!”
As things slotted into place, the bone-chilling nightmare of the prospect of Earth and Jorgon combining forces was suddenly a sickening reality. Salashar hurried away from the flight deck to find Grakosdrak. On his bunk just about to drift away on a medicated sleep, he was not overly impressed by Salashar’s vigorous shaking.
“Better be good had this.”
“Probably not. Pirates knew of our visit before the shuttle landed on Earth. Jorgon is at the heart of this, think I.”
With his mind fighting sleep mode, Grakos listened to Sal. Her news brought no comfort, far from it. “Jorgon and Earth. It’s official.”
“Sorry. But remember what you told me years ago, Grakos? Knowing the problem is half way to solving it.”
“Great.” His eyes closed and he continued his journey into an unstoppable drug assisted sleep.
Salashar stroked his furrowed brow and brushed away rebellious locks of hair. 
“Sleep tight, you.”
As she returned to the flight deck, Rosfordos said, “We have received a short message from President West. They are trying to put some kind of a plan together but couldn’t say more than that.”
“Up against something sophisticated are we. Not just opportunist pirates.”

Chapter 43


West had her team of advisors around her, not all in accord as to how to deal with the situation.
Al Gomer, head of the CIA special reconnaissance operations, was unapologetic. “We’ve had this area under close surveillance for almost two years, about the time the site was being developed. There was nothing of any significance in that region until the first contacts with the Jorgonians.”
“Before I became president,” said West, “my predecessor declined their advances. Perhaps in hindsight that wasn’t our best choice.”
Chief of Staff Elisa Warrington said, “It was an obvious and blatant recruitment drive by the Jorgonians. They tried to convince us that they were the oppressed and the Alliance was the enemy. President Morris said he had doubts about the validity of those claims and declined to work with them.”
West said, “I’m not suggesting for one moment he was wrong to be suspicious. But the old maxim, keep your friends close and your enemies closer, comes to mind. We would have had a degree of control over the situation whereas now we have none.” She sighed and added, “What is done is done. Al. How did these pirates establish this base under our noses?”
Al Gomer pointed at the huge screen with the detailed satellite images, magnifying one specific area. “This part of the world has always been troubling. Civil wars, despotic leaders, corruption at every level. Something to keep an eye on, but of no real concern. This region here, along this mountain range was all about mining, with several companies involved. One outfit exhausted its mine and it was snapped up by an anonymous syndicate for next to nothing. Worthless for mining but obviously of strategic importance to the syndicate. Working in plain sight using the already extensive mineshafts, we assume they hollowed out this section and tunnelled all the way to this small port. A study of the records also shows this vessel here also had teams of engineers working on it, apparently to restore the old tanker, but now we assume it to be a conduit to enter the new mine entrance.”
“Let me guess,” said West. “The vessel was purchased by the same syndicate at the same time as the mine itself?”
“Correct. Now. This is the moment the small pirate warship with the Alliance shuttle and crew arrived. At this point a strange thick fog developed and for a few seconds the satellite signals were jammed. When it came back online, the warship had vanished.”
“And we now assume it vanished inside the tanker,” said West.
“It’s the only explanation, Madam President. From there we assume the shuttle crew were taken into the underground complex.”
“Simple yet brilliant,” admitted West. “We have agents on the ground in that country?”
“Very few, Madam President. The political volatility is such that any activity by us that was uncovered would probably unite at least three smaller countries against us, putting our allies here and also here into possible conflict situations. Best left alone, we decided.”
“For the sake of world peace,” added West.
“That was our intention, Madam President.”
“The road to hell is paved with good intentions, apparently. So, how do we rescue that Alliance crew. Anyone?”
Chief of Staff Warrington said, “Madam President. None of that crew are American citizens. The question we should be asking is not how do we do it, but should we be involved at all.”
West understood it was a valid point. Then she thought of the space ship and her promise to help those onboard. “People, we are the leaders of the free world. It is highly likely that right now there is a plan being hatched to join with the Jorgonians and that, I fear, will be the greatest threat to world peace mankind has ever faced. We can not kick our heels and simply wait until it’s too late to act. Go. All of you. I want ideas and contingency plans and I want them yesterday.”
The room cleared of the leaders from every military and security force. As the best and most experienced minds left the room, West ran the fingers of both hands through her auburn hair, something she usually reserved for times of internal confusion when solutions seemed to be beyond her grasp. Her farmer grandfather would have been a great help right then. 
All problems are just issues we ain’t found an answer for yet. The answers are there, no matter if the problems be big or small.
“Gramps, This is as big as it gets.”

Chapter 44


It was time for Salashar and Rosfordos to sleep and Grakosdrak to take his place at the helm. Under strict instructions from Salashar he was not to touch anything and at the first sign of trouble he had to recall her.
So he sat, still slightly dopey from the sleeping pills, with nothing to do but to stare at the magnified image of that troubled planet, Earth. From where he sat, it looked a beautiful world, a place that should have been on a par with Consolon or any of the Alliance planets. And yet it was a sick world, its very air polluted and its vast oceans barely able to sustain its decimated lifeforms struggling to survive. 
“Earth humans,” he said, the contempt heavy in his voice.
On his many adventures in space with Salashar at his side, the word ‘Earth’ would occasionally pass in conversation with fellow traders who always held low opinions of the people who inhabited that place. He struggled hard to recall anyone saying anything positive. As he stared at Earth, knowing his daughter was at the mercy of somebody evil, he understood why it was held in such low regard. The most frustrating part of it was that he was helpless to do a thing.
Suddenly, between Earth and the ship, a ball of light appeared. He rubbed his eyes and focussed, wondering if it was just a residual effect from the drugs he had taken. Those eyes became heavy and almost impossible to keep open. The ball of light approached the ship, and suspecting it to be a weapon from those Earth humans, he reached across to the shields sensor and to sound the alarm. He could do neither as his head lolled forward, his eyes clammed shut as the bright light entered the ship and filled the flight deck in one smooth passing. 
A strange dream now, of him floating in a never ending cloud of soft yellow light. He should have been frightened by this strange event but he wasn’t. Instead he was in a calm, unthreatening zone of time and space. Totally at peace with this environment, he relaxed, unaware the light was moving gradually along the ship, through the small, empty rooms, finding the sleeping Rosfordos, on further to Salashar, who although extremely tired, hadn’t yet found sleep.
The light confused her and the source of it was a mystery. She tried to get off the bed but could not do so. The room faded and she too was in the cloud of light, then to her astonishment she discovered she was not alone. There was Grakosdrak and not far from him, Rosfordos. 
Seeing each other, they drifted together, each assuming they were in a dream but nothing had ever seemed so real to them before... The cloud faded and Salashar was back in her bed, but she lay there for a few seconds so her eyes could readjust. When she opened her door, Rosfordos was standing there. “That light…” said Rosfordos.
“Saw it also did you?”
“Yes, and Grakos.”
They hurried to the flight deck where they found Grakos wide awake.
“Yes,” he said. “The light.”
They sat together, saying nothing, trying not to analyse the event. No one felt tired but instead were oddly revived, invigorated and stronger. Whatever the light was, it had given them greater energy for the challenges ahead. 
Chapter 45


The captives were invited to lunch with Devorian, this time more of a finger buffet of light, delicious and expertly prepared food. 
“Too early for wine,” said the charming but deadly host, “but several freshly prepared juices to select from. Please help yourselves.”
They did this then sat around the large table and tried to ignore the two armed security officers. 
Withers said, “I must admit, you certainly know how to look after your prisoners, Devorian.” She doubted that was his real name but used it anyway.
“Oh, I do think ‘prisoners’ is too strong a word. It implies you have either committed some heinous crime or you and I are mortal enemies at war with each other. This is simply business.”
“Are we to be traded to our respective governments then?” asked Yang.
“I can’t go into details, but I’ll just say it’s a little more complicated than that. You also have my word that as long as you behave yourselves, you will not be harmed and will continue to be well provided for.”
Hoping for this opportunity, the six had, in whispered conversation, agreed to be civil to the host and without appearing too obvious, learn as much as they could to use to their advantage and perhaps find a way to escape.
“Good to know,” said Romano. “We Italians appreciate fine wine and food.” He chuckled and added, “Why, it could be that if the day comes to release us, I may insist I stay on.”
Devorian smiled and said, “An amusing idea. I will take it as a compliment to my hospitality.”
When the meal was over, Devorian leaned back in his chair, totally relaxed. “Maglissa. This is such an exciting privilege for me to meet someone from another world, particularly one so delightful and, if I may be so bold, so attractive.”
Mag sat without response, but her hand reached out for Drifta’s and he sensed that under her calm exterior lay a simmering volcano of anger. Had it not been for the guards she would have grabbed one of the knives off the table and rammed it into Devorian.
“That’s why I married her,” said Drifta.
“Married? Interesting. It was obvious you two are an item, so to speak, but I hadn’t imagined beings from some far off planet would have such similar ceremonies as we do here on Earth. But then you are not from the same planet. Research and DNA testing tells me your parents were from Earth. I could be wrong about this but our research strongly leads us to believe your mother was one of the astronauts on that ill fated mission to Mars, over twenty five years ago. Is that so?”
“Yes. I see no reason not to confirm it.”
“Your father died attempting repairs outside the ship?”
“That’s my understanding.”
“Do you know if you were born on the ship or was it on the Jorgonian craft that rescued your mother?”
“The latter. Look. I’m not comfortable talking about this with you. That’s all I’m saying.” 
“Please forgive me. My natural curiosity getting the better of me. Your mother must have been an incredibly brave woman. You obviously inherited your parents thirst for adventure.”
“I’ve been around.”
“Hmm. And please forgive my curiosity once more but you and Maglissa are clearly so in love. Do you intend having children? Being from different planets poses no issues, biologically?”
“We would be the first but we’ve been advised there should be no issues,” said Drifta, wondering if he had revealed too much. Across the table, he caught the raised eyebrow warning look from Withers. He thought he would redress the balance of the conversation. “How about you, Devorian? Looks like you’ve built up quite an impressive operation here.”
“Me? Oh, I’m but a small cog in a much larger business wheel. True, I created this little offshoot.”
“If that’s the case,” said Farmer, “This business wheel has influential and powerful insiders in several legitimate places. Maybe even in governments around the world.” Farmer had considered if Drifta had so casually given possibly important information to Devorian, so that perhaps Devorian would let slip something useful too.
“It never hurts to have friends in high places.” Devorian sighed and added, “By nature I’m inclined to take a philosophical approach to life if given the luxury to do so. I look around this sad old planet of ours and wonder what could have been, should have been. Commander Withers. You’ve experienced both worlds. Where would you prefer to live?”
Withers reflected on this for a moment. “My family is here, not many of them, but a few. Yet the four of us have been lucky enough to live on an Alliance planet and breathe clean air, drink pure water straight from mountain springs. We’ve been welcomed by a wonderful friendly people who have made us feel we belong. And that’s why we are here.” She leaned forwards, looking Devorian straight in the eyes. “Earth humans would have to work together, but the Alliance would show you how to use its science and technology to turn this planet around. To make it be somewhere fit to live.”
There was a palpable tension between Withers and Devorian as he considered this.
“If we had paradise, I wonder if we would know what to do with it.”
With that telling and ethereal sentence, he stood to leave, one final deadpan expression on his inscrutable face as his gaze met all of theirs in turn, then he was gone. One of the guards signalled it was time to return to their quarters, which they did.
Lan Yang flopped out on a chair, the taste of the excellent food still on her tongue. Farmer and Romano were playing another game of “find the bugs”, searching for any listening devices they felt sure must be somewhere. Farmer had one of the chairs upside down and still found nothing, but that gave him little reassurance.
After righting the chair, he sat on it. “What the hell are they up to? That’s what I want to know.”
Withers said, “It’s his confidence that rattles me. Other people know this operation is here. They have to.”
Drifta said, “Important people around your planet are involved with this outfit. Probably even governments.”
“No probably about it,” said Withers. “I’d say it’s a given. Something Devorian implied more than said is nagging me. Like how wonderful the Alliance planets are, unlike this place.”
Maglissa said, “Why we are here, it is. To help them improve Earth to what it should be.”
Lan Yang sighed and shook her head. Kintsugi said, “The world breaks everyone, then some become strong at the broken places.”
“Meaning?” Farmer asked.
“To make something damaged better. For instance, if you break some precious pot, repair it and fill the cracks with gold, the damage becomes part of its history. However, I wonder if some people would think just get a new pot.”
Withers caught on. “Ah. You mean…” 
Lan put her finger to her lips and nodded. “I think so.”
“What is it?” Mag asked Drifta. “What say they?”
In the softest of whispers, Drifta explained, “They could be planning to invade the Alliance planets as the easier option to reinstating Earth.”
The look of horror on Maglissa’s face said it all. The prospect of an invading hoard of Earth humans on her beautiful Consolon scared her. “No. Have to stop…”
Drifta quickly held her face and kissed her before she could finish. “Shh.” He felt her tears on his own cheeks and kissed her again. Which was the moment the door hissed open. They all turned to face two armed guards and a much shorter, chubbier man between them.
“Who is Drifta?”
“That would be me.”
“Then you are to come with me.”
Drifta shrugged. “Quite comfortable here, thank you.”
“I really wish you no harm, but…” he cocked a thumb at one of the guards. “Anyway. Make a change from being penned up in here.”
Romano said, “It might be quite educational.”
Drifta understood that to mean find out what you can. “Fine.”
“Drifta…”
“It’s okay, Mag. Try not to worry.”
Drifta followed the trio from the room, the door closing behind them. They crossed to the other side of the cavern where the shuttle was suspended on a purpose-built platform. Drifta could tell the vessel had undergone a thorough make over. He knew this meeting was mostly down to the need to learn as much as possible about alien technology.
“Nicely cleaned up,” said Drifta.
“As an engineering technician I enjoyed working on her. Took a bit of a hammering when it dived into the ocean though.”
“Yeah. Being chased by missiles hadn’t left me much choice.”
The smaller man adjusted his glasses and wiped his balding head with a handkerchief. “Shit happens. Anyway. She’s good to go, but we’re having a problem with one of the parts. I thought, you as the pilot…you are the pilot, right?”
“You could say that.”
“I just did. Anyway. Follow me.”
The technician climbed up the steps onto the platform and entered the shuttle. He waited a couple of seconds, poked his head back out and said, “Oh, do come on.”
To emphasise the point, one of the guards gave Drifta a gentle nudge with the butt of his gun. Drifta climbed the steps.
“You seriously expect me to help you?”
“One lives in hope, Drifta. My name is Stuart, by the way.”
Drifta entered the shuttle and sat next to the technician at the controls. The instrument panel was completely illuminated. “Very good, Stuart by the way.”
Stuart rolled his eyes. “Although I do appreciate the aesthetics of brilliant engineering, functionality is the primary consideration here. This part defeats us at the moment.” He pointed to small bank of sensors which unlike the rest, was not lit up. “As far as we can ascertain, the shuttle should now fly like a bird. As much as we would love to take her up for a test flight, we really need to get a grip on what this bit does first.”
Drifta leaned back in the familiar shuttle pilot’s seat, hands behind his head, eyes closed, wondering what to say. “Perhaps I’m not inclined to help you.”
“Not a problem. You’ll go back to your quarters and we’ll figure it out in time anyway. Look, Drifta. Consider this to be just a way to relieve the boredom. I’m not like those guys out there with the guns. Hell, I hate guns. This is just an intellectual exercise. With your help we can fix this bird. You’ve seen this place, the guards, the security cameras. The alarms…don’t get me started on the alarms.” 
“I didn’t.”
“My point being you’ll never get out of here, so I figured what the hell. No harm in asking.” He looked at Drifta and said, “Go on. Give us a clue. What the heck does it do?”
Drifta chuckled and thought about it. “You know something? I always wondered what that thing was. I’ve only flown these things a handful of times and I’m certainly no expert. But that thing, no, I never had to mess with it. Sorry. Can’t help.”
Following an awkward pause, the technician slapped the top of the console. “Such is life. Well, I guess that’s it. Something else while you’re here. That coating on the outer skin. What is that stuff?”
“We call it marsillion. We apply it to all our ships. And don’t ask me how because I really don’t have a clue.”
“Fair enough. Right. Well, I’m due a break. I’d invite you along for a drink but Laurel and Hardy out there might object.”
Taking it as his cue to leave, Drifta climbed out, followed by the technician.
“Drifta is to go back to his quarters.”
Drifta was escorted back to the quarters and as the door opened, he said, “See you later, Laurel. Hardy.”
Back inside, Withers said, “Laurel and Hardy?”
Drifta just shrugged. 

Chapter 46


The fact that Withers, Farmer, Romero and Lan Yang had been selected as an international crew was now causing President West new problems. Everyone wanted to help rescue the crew but they weren’t Americans and they were holed up as far as anyone could tell, in some underground complex which was already an enemy of the USA. Violating their airspace or sea ports would undoubtedly lead to an escalation in tension with several nations in that part of the world.
“It isn’t a lack of willingness on our part, Madam President,” said Chief of Staff Elisa Warrington, “but it’s a question of what we can do without exacerbating the situation.”
West sighed and reflected on what she already knew. “So there’s nothing we can do?”
“Not without serious consequences. Heck. We aren’t even sure the crew is holed up there. Ninety nine percent sure, but not one hundred percent.”
“Why haven’t we heard from the captors?” West asked, thinking aloud. “And what are the crews own countries governments planning?”
“Well, Madam President, They are…”
West waved a hand to shut her up. “Four different countries scratching their heads at what action to take without starting a war. I know.”
“We have two fighters on one of our aircraft carriers ready to take off whenever we give them the word. We just have to decide what that word is.”
“Our people are still working on the problem, right?”
“Of course. But let’s face it. Until the captors communicate their demands, we’re not even sure what the problem is.”
West had no doubts that the four governments of the crew’s own nations were wrestling with the same dilemma. “Haven’t any of them had any demands?”
“Not as far as we can tell. The British ambassador told me privately his government hasn’t been contacted yet.”
“You believe him?”
Warrington shrugged and said, “I think so. But you know the Brits. My advice, for what it’s worth, be prepared but wait until we know what we are dealing with.”
“That is so not me. Very well. Keep me informed.”
It was a similar frustration with the inactivity on the ship half a million miles away from Earth. Grakosdrak, Salashar and Rosfordos still felt the new strange energy which seemed to give them an extra edge, but having no word from Drifta and Maglissa meant they also could only kick their heels and wait for something to happen. Whereas President West was constrained by Earth’s international complexities, as official delegates of the Alliance with their policy of non interference in the affairs of other planets, it was also wait and see. The same frustration was even felt further away on Zelphon.
“No, Dom. Please stop asking me every five minutes. When we hear something you’ll be the first to know.”
Domtavora sighed and said, “Sorry, Zax. I’m sure it’s as frustrating for all of us. Any signs of activity on Jorgon?”
“Nothing we’ve picked up. We’re ready for when something happens.”
“Fair enough. At least I’ve the usual Council business to help take my mind off things. The integrated recycling group insist on yet another interminable debate.”
Zaxtormon smiled and said, “Beats me how you contain your excitement. Have fun with that.”
Zax left Principal Domtavora to prepare for the tedious morning ahead.
“Nothing we can do about Earth until something happens,” Domtavora mumbled to himself. 
In the vast underground complex on Earth, it was time for something to happen. In guarded whispers a plan was hatched. The six had sensed a slight complacency in the attitude of the security officers. The officers were confident the prisoners had no way out of the place and had no chance to overturn the situation. 
Drifta thought otherwise. 

Chapter 47


Timing was crucial. It was time for the midday meal and another opportunity for Devorian to try his subtle fact-finding again. The two armed security officers opened the door to the prisoners’ quarters and beckoned them out. 
“I do hope lobster is on the menu,” said Romano at his charming best, ignoring the guns. “I do like lobster.”
As usual he got no reply. They started off for the dining room but Drifta had other priorities. He could see Stuart the technical engineer with a colleague by the side of the shuttle examining the marsillion coating. 
“Hey, Stuart. I remember what that part does.”
“Oh. Come on over here then.”
The two security officers were now confused. Their orders had been to escort the crew to the dining room but now Drifta was striding confidently across to the shuttle. The others waited with the officers, watching Drifta. The officers had a quick debate and decided to continue on with the remaining five prisoners and leave Drifta with the technician. Farmer and Romano gave nothing away but walked as slowly as they could, one casual eye on Drifta. They saw him climb into the shuttle with Stuart who was suddenly tossed unceremoniously out of the vessel to land painfully on his backside. 
Then it happened. 
As the officers were distracted by the action over at the shuttle, Romano and Farmer tackled them and dragged them to the ground. Maglissa, Withers and Yang joined in and wrestled their guns away, one firing off to have a bullet ricochet off the roof. Maglissa had a lot of pent up anger to vent out so did so with her fist into the face of one officer. Lan Yang pummelled the head of the other officer against the hard ground, showing no mercy. 
The shuttle was firing up and the sound of the twin engines reverberated in the cavern. Alarms were now going off all over the place with four more security officers appearing at speed on an overhead gantry. One fired a couple of warning shots but Withers returned fire and hit one man who keeled over and dropped dead to the floor below. 
“Stop them, you fools,” yelled Devorian, appearing to investigate the noise.
It was Lan Yang who silenced him with a shot on the run. She couldn’t stop to see if she’d killed him or not and didn’t care if she had. Diving into the shuttle, followed by the others, Withers was last, still firing the weapon at the security officers. The shuttle was lifting off the ground as she jumped in, the hatch closing up behind her.
“Hang on, everybody,” said Drifta, trying to manoeuvre the shuttle in the confines of the cavern. This was not the time to crash into anything. He heard the dull thud of bullets as they struck the vessel, but fortunately none pierced the hull. 
At his side, Maglissa was on the twin laser cannon, taking random shots to ward off attack. Drifta turned the shuttle around and located the tunnel along which the three wagon electric vehicle had carried them. The slightest miscalculation would have them smashing into the tunnel walls promptly ending their escape. The tunnel merged with the gutted super tanker where startled people dived out of the way as the shuttle flew over them. 
“The entrance is closed up,” said Drifta, having to hover the shuttle. 
Maglissa gritted her teeth, her expression focussed and determined. The lasers blasted the back end of the tanker with such intensity a section disintegrated. “Open now it is.”
With a proud grin and a nod of approval, Drifta aimed for the jagged opening, bullets still bouncing off the shuttle. They held their breath as they passed through the opening with only inches to spare. 
“I never want to do that again,” said Drifta. 
On the ship, Salashar said, “Have a signal do we. Ros!”
“Move over, big man,” Rosfordos replied, tapping Grakosdrak on the shoulder.
Knowing better than to argue, he let her take his place. 
“Missiles after them,” said Salashar. 
There were now two fighters and four missiles tracking the shuttle which was using its superior speed to outrun it all. The fighters fired more missiles but they were intended to destroy the four missiles fired from the old super tanker. There was nothing Rosfordos could do from the distance they were and the amount of hardware in the air. It would have been too risky with a chance of hitting the shuttle.
“One of the missiles has exploded,” said Rosfordos. “Hit by a missile from that aircraft.”
“A rescue mission?” Grakosdrak asked, hopefully.
“It looks that way,” said Salashar. 
But then one missile from the ground closed in on the shuttle and exploded close to it.
“Missed,” said Grakos.
However the missile hadn’t missed the shuttle. It had not been designed to explode on impact but to send sonic shock waves throughout the target, rendering the occupants either unconscious or killing them. The shuttle was still airborne but it was on automatic with Drifta slumped over in the pilot’s seat. Slowly he came round, tried to focus, feeling as if his head had exploded. Fighting the pain he glanced around and could see only Romano and Withers starting to move. 
“Mag!” He shook her but got no response. “Mag. Wake up.”
Withers managed to move forward to check on the others. “Are you okay, Will?”
Romano was barely conscious but coming round. “I think so. Go see to Maglissa and I’ll see to the others.”
As Drifta had the controls of the shuttle, Withers examined Maglissa. “I don’t think she’s breathing. Damn. Can’t feel a pulse either.”
Drifta was too busy to respond as another missile was homing in on the shuttle. He pushed the speed to maximum and with a few deft manoeuvres lost the missile. “That was close.”
“We need to get to a hospital,” said Withers using CPR on Maglissa. Looking back up the shuttle she could see the others were conscious apart from Joe Farmer. Lan Yang was checking his vital signs.
“We’re losing him,” said Yang.
Drifta could see only ocean for miles in all directions. As he tried to get a fix on their location he glanced at Maglissa but he could tell from the expression on Withers’ face it was looking hopeless.
Drifta said, “I could try to get us to our ship.”
“It would take too long. Where the hell are we?”
As they battled their dire situation, a bright yellow light appeared just ahead of them. Instinctively Drifta tried to veer away from the light but whichever way he turned the shuttle the light was always just ahead of them. Suddenly the light was filling the shuttle and it was the last they saw before passing out. 

Chapter 48


Joe Farmer was the first to risk opening one eye. “I always say it’s a good thing to wake up alive.”
Lan Yang also tried to focus. “Well, you were dead the last time I saw you. At least no vital signs.”
“Drifta. Wake up.”
Drifta seemed to be looking through a fog but Maglissa’s face was within kissing distance, so he did so. “So angels are real.”
As their minds cleared they moved and stretched themselves to make sure nothing was broken. 
Romano asked, “Drifta. Where have you parked the bus?”
“What are you talking about?”
“The shuttle isn’t moving so where have you put us?”
Drifta concentrated, concluding Romano was right. They were no longer in Earth’s atmosphere trying to avoid missiles. He opened the hatch. 
“Hey,” said Withers alarmed at this unexpected action.
“Welcome back,” bellowed a familiar voice. 
“Father,” said Maglissa, scrambling her way to the exit. 
Grakosdrak lifted her out of the shuttle and hugged her. “Oh, Mag. My Mag.”
Salashar gave her hugs to Drifta as everyone got out of the shuttle.
“Sal,” said Withers. “You came to rescue us.”
“No, that wasn’t possible. The shuttle simply arrived back in the ship only minutes ago. As surprised as you are we.”
Maglissa’s legs were still barely supporting her so Grakos scooped her up in his arms and carried her to the medical room where he carefully lay her on one of the cots. Drifta more or less under his own steam aided by Salashar wasn’t far behind them. The medical room was too small to accommodate any more, so they gathered outside the door. 
“I think we are okay,” Withers told them, “but we need to lay down awhile.”
“Good to have you back safe with us,” said Salashar, Grakos being too busy caring for his daughter.
Once the six were rested it was time to decide what to do next.
Drifta asked, “You really have no idea how we got back on the ship?”
Rosfordos replied, “Only that it must be something to do with that strange light. I’ve found our recording of the event.”
The nine of them crowded around the main screen on the flight deck as Rosfordos worked the controls. “We have had our scanners fixed on the area where we lost you. We saw the explosion as the hole was made for the shuttle to fly through.”
“Wow,” gasped Withers. “I knew it had been close but not that close. Great shooting, Mag.”
“Impressive is my daughter,” said Grakosdrak proudly.
Rosfordos continued. “Four missiles were fired at you. Gaining on you. Drifta taking evasive action.”
Salashar said, “Then two aircraft also firing missiles at you.”
“No, I don’t think so,” said Withers. “American fighters. See how their missiles took out a couple of enemy missiles?”
Romano said, “They must have been on standby ready to help.”
“Here comes that light,” said Lan Yang. “Out of nowhere, chasing the missiles. The missiles exploded nearly killing us.”
Rosfordos said, “That’s what knocked you out. The shuttle went to auto and right here is where the light absorbs it.”
“We had no idea what was happening,” admitted Drifta. 
“Six seconds later the shuttle is back on the ship,” said Rosfordos. 
Salashar said, “Far too advanced for the Alliance or Earth humans is this light.”
“The main thing is, it saved you all and brought back my little girl,” said Grakosdrak. 
Farmer said, “Yeah, it saved us, but why? No involvement until now then it turns up in the nick of time to help us out.” 
Salashar told them how the same light had passed through the ship beforehand and energised them. 
“Where are we now?” asked Drifta.
“Still in orbit around Earth,” Rosfordos said. 
Grakosdrak stood and faced them all, staring particularly at the Earth humans. “Decide what to do now we must. The mission is over.”
Withers said, “But we’ve achieved nothing. We can’t just give up now, Grakos.”
“It’s over,” Grakos insisted. 
“Can’t we contact the American leaders?” Lan Yang asked.
Grakos wasn’t having it. “No. Maglissa stays right here with me does she.”
“Yes,” agreed Maglissa, even now less impressed with Earth than before the mission. 
“So what happens to us?” asked Romano. 
Grakos had given this much thought. “You four Earth humans go to Earth in the shuttle but on your own will you be.”
Drifta said, “I’m also Earth human. If they decide to go, I should too.”
Maglissa’s eyes burned with fury at that. “Go with them and not my husband are you.”
“Mag…”
“Love me, stay with me.”
Lan Yang said, “This isn’t your battle, Drifta. You weren’t even born on Earth. And in my opinion, I don’t think it’s even worth trying to help them. If it’s okay with Grakosdrak, I’d like to make a life on Consolon.”
“It’s too big a mess for us to clean up,” said Romano. “If you’ll have us, Grakos, Consolon would be my choice. Joe?”
“We have a lot of understanding now about a likely invasion from Earth. We should help the Alliance, not Earth.” He took Carla’s hand in his. “Come back with me?”
Withers stared at the screen with the image of Earth and the old super tanker with the huge hole in the back end where the shuttle escaped from. “Yes. I’ll come back with you.”
Grakosdrak still wasn’t so sure about that. “Send you back on the shuttle say I.”
Drifta stood up and stared Grakosdrak in the eyes. “They’re our friends, Grakos. They are good people.” Pointing at the screen he added, “Back there is certain death for them. Let’s go home.”
The icy tension had them on a knife edge until Grakos turned to Salashar and said, “Home.” With that he stormed out.
Grakos flopped out on his bunk, hands behind his head, staring at the off-white ceiling with his mind boiling at recent events. He had nothing against the four Earth humans onboard his ship, indeed he considered them to be friends. It was this mission that was the problem, his precious daughter almost killed because of it. All he wanted to do was to get back to his home in the forest of Consolon and stare out at the twin moons and listen to the wild creatures around him. 
As he quietly fumed he heard the familiar sound of the plasma engines powering up to take them away from Earth, but then the engines stopped. He sat up in his bunk. Interesting. The engines engaged again. Satisfied he settled back down again. The engines stalled once more. Upright again his experienced ears tuned into the ship and her well-being. About to step down from the bunk he heard the engines engage again. 
“Salashar. Rosfordos. Fly the ship can you two. Come on.” The engines stalled and sitting up in his bunk again. “Right. Time to…”
The bright yellow lights appeared and a strong desire to sleep swept over him almost overwhelming him. Fighting it with the compulsion to physically react surging through him, the yellow light right in front of him blocked his way. With his distorted thoughts he was only vaguely aware of the light. Forcing himself to concentrate, his mind cleared a little. The strange light seemed almost tangible, as if it were alive, controlling his every movement.
“Just going home am I. Heck. What’s in here?” Big and physically strong and having many years of experience often encountering dangers, Grakos wasn’t one to scare easily. Things were different with the strange lights this time, not just passing swiftly through the ship to vanish again. The light still filled the ship but this time a denser sphere of light about a yard in diameter hovered in front of him. As he stood transfixed, the sphere seemed to change before his eyes. Gradually the middle of the sphere darkened in some areas, an image appeared, slowly. A basic head shape with the facial features developing. A nose, a mouth and finally eyes were now clear to see. Grakos was completely mesmerised and his own head was cocked to one side as his confused mind tried to comprehend what he was looking at. The head in the sphere of light mimicked his action, it too cocking at a slight angle to match his own.
Grakos straightened up and the head did the same. As strange as the floating head was, there was something Grakosdrak found unnervingly familiar. His jaw dropped as he realised who he was looking at, the jaw of the head doing the same. Grakos closed his mouth and he finally recognised the face. 

Chapter 49


Devorian studied the damage to his complex, staring out of the hole in the rear of the old super tanker. A pendant around his neck tucked under his shirt vibrated and he hurried back along the tunnel to his office next to the command centre. Holding the pendant to a wall panel, the panel slid away to reveal a screen which was already lit up.
“What the hell happened, Devorian?”
“They…they escaped.”
“No shit. I saw most of it.”
“The missiles worked perfectly and would have stunned those on the shuttle. Those fighters didn’t help matters,” he said, pointing at the screen.
A pause, then, “There was something else. A ball of light. It tracked the shuttle for just a few seconds then the shuttle was gone.”
“I saw no wreckage.”
“Neither did we,” the mysterious voice replied. “Your base no longer has a purpose. You know what to do.”
Devorian nodded and used his pendant to hide the screen. Wasting no time with personal belongings he moved swiftly but calmly out of his office. He almost collided with Stuart, who had a bruise developing on his jaw where Drifta had hit him before tossing him off the shuttle.
“What’s happening, Sir?”
Devorian smiled and said, “A minor setback. Nothing to worry about. Organise the repairs. I have to go to a meeting but should be back tonight.”
“Yes, Sir.”
With everyone too busy to take much notice now, Devorian made his way along the mine's main tunnel and used his security code to open the main entrance, closing it up again as he stepped out into the open air. In a well disguised hanger he climbed into a jeep and started it, driving it outside. He paused a hundred yards out, looked back at the base which had been home for three years of his life, took a remote control unit from the glove box and pointed it at the entrance before driving away at speed as the base, with everything including his loyal staff still inside, blew up. 

Chapter 50


The flight deck would be packed to capacity with nine people and yet three extras were present. The four Earth humans were the most agitated with little or only passing knowledge of the three new additions. Drifta sat next to Maglissa, both recalling the legends and their history lessons. Rosfordos deliberately kept her back to the confusion behind her, concentrating on, or at least making a show of, controlling the ship, only the slightest turn of her head to glance at the others betraying her interest in the events unfurling.
“The ship refuses to respond,” Ros said, more for something to say than to elicit responses.
“Plasma depletion?” Grakos asked, more a knee-jerk reaction than a serious practical suggestion.
“This is my doing,” said one of the heads. It was the head of Forglatkos, space pioneer of five hundred years ago. “Sorry.” The self-trained rogue scientist had been expelled from several universities. He discovered the waveforms off the invisible splits and understood the implications. Sadly he was dismissed and ignored by the scientific community. Their loss, not his.
Drifta had once watched a dramatised account of how Forglatkos had defied adversity and with his equally brilliant wife, Mozlanalos and his son Dalmikriz, a conceptual engineer, had beaten the odds.
Drifta admitted, “I feel a little out of place here with all these clever minds.”
Mozlanalos smiled at him, her eyes lingering momentarily on his handsome face and muscular body. “Oh, Driftaxol.”
“You know my name?”
“We know all your names. You Drifta, have had such a full life for one so young. We hold your bravery and resourcefulness in the highest esteem. Never underestimate yourself.”
“Blushing are you,” whispered Maglissa.
Forglatkos’ head bobbed in its bubble of light. “There is much to discuss.” His head turned to face Withers and if a head made of light could sigh, he sighed. “What to do, what to do. To be fair, we did our best for the Earth humans, but there comes a time when we have to admit, well, is there any point?”
Lan Yang stood up and with one accusatory finger pointing at Forglatkos said, “I find that really offensive.”
“He didn’t mean you as an individual,” said Mozlanalos, softly. “That said, based on your recent experiences, could you offer much to recommend those on Earth?”
Recalling the near death experience they’d had just a few hours before, Lan Yang realised she really didn’t have much to say in the defence of her own kind. 
Forglatkos turned to face Rosfordos who was doing her best to ignore him. “Rosfordos. So young and inexperienced and yet here you are on the adventure of your life. And I’m sure Moz will agree with me you have done some amazing things with our old ship.”
“Well, it isn’t exactly your old ship.”
Mozlanalos said, “Our old ship but so much better. Be very proud of that achievement.”
Joe Farmer said, “This is all very fine to be sure, and I realise we all have a million questions to ask, but I have just one for now. What the hell are we going to do now?”
“Spoken like a true Irishman,” said Forglatkos. “One moment.” 
Something very odd happened, the three heads of light gathered together and chittered away. They moved and spoke in such a way that their movements became a blur and their voices nothing but an incomprehensible noise. At the same time, by contrast the physical beings slowed down to barely moving at all. Seconds later the blur of lights slowed down to the same speed as the others.
“Sorry that took so long, but we had much to consider,” said Forglatkos, one second later. “Between us, plans must be made.”
Salashar asked, “Be on our way home shall we, as we do this?”
“We shall just talk for now.” He shook his head as Salashar was about to argue. 
“What are you?” asked Lan Yang. “We know who you are, but what are you now? Are you alive, at least in a way we can comprehend?”
Drifta said, “A reasonable question as you are over five hundred years old. What happened to you?”
“It was anticipation of that question which took us so long to agree on,” said Mozlanalos. “It was our son,  Dalmikriz, who persuaded us to share what we think you might understand. My husband is less sure we should do this but we shall explain what we can. As you said, we were the first to find and use the splits. We left that information behind for others to develop safely and use but much was still theoretical.”
“I developed the hardware to harness the phenomenon,” said Dalmikriz, the pride in his voice quite evident. He floated over to Rosfordos, passing right through two Earth humans to get there. Ros nervously recoiled away from him, but he moved closer to her.
“Dal!” snapped Mozlanalos. “Leave the girl alone.”
Dal did indeed move slightly away from Ros but couldn’t take his eyes off her.
Forglatkos said, “He was still an innocent young man when he lost his physical form. He never had a serious girlfriend.”
“No excuse for poor manners,” said Mozlanalos. 
Undaunted, Dalmikriz said, “You are so beautiful.”
Rosfordos was also relatively inexperienced, her shy nature a barrier to relationships. Now this mysterious good looking five hundred year old young man was right next to her, paying her compliments and staring longingly in her eyes. She smiled at him and her hand cautiously tried to touch his face but it was like caressing a rainbow. Dal’s expression turned to one of sadness and regret and he backed away to join his parents.
Forglatkos continued. “Lan Yang. You asked if we were dead or alive. Death has been a hot topic of philosophical debate for many years. Five hundred years ago, after our very first journey through a split, we came out not too far from where we are now, give or take a million miles or so. Our instruments were not as sophisticated as what you have on this ship today but we could observe Earth. We were troubled by what we saw and deeply saddened.”
“Hrm. Fighting everywhere no doubt,” said Grakosdrak.
“Sadly, yes. Bloody battles in many areas. Earth humans had no electronics or ways to communicate other than speaking as we are now or perhaps hand written messages, so we could not listen to them on the ship. Such a pity to have so much conflict on such a beautiful planet. Earth was still lightly populated compared to what it is now, and many regions matched the magnificence of Consolon. We had come all this way with so much effort only to find a barbaric people.”
“Not everywhere I bet,” said Romano.
“Interesting you should say that, Romano,” said Mozlanalos. “We had quite a good view of The Italian War. Your history refers to it as the last Italian war.”
Romano sighed and said, “I know of it. Fifteen fifty one to fifteen fifty nine. Very Messy.”
Dalmikriz said, “I found Earth human history fascinating. A king of France fighting a Roman emperor for control of a wider region.”
“Why not just get along with each other?” said Maglissa.”Nothing but fight, fight, fight you do,” she added with barbed looks at the Earth humans.   
“Not wrong is she,” added Grakosdrak. “I say let them just destroy themselves.”
Drifta said, “That’s not helping us understand our visitors. Forglatkos. What happened to you?”
“Five hundred years ago, we were just like you. Physical beings on an adventure, searching for answers. We knew little of Earth and back then we had next to no control of travelling through the splits. It was more luck than judgement that had us arrive here. Or so we thought.”
Mozlanalos continued. “As we studied the planet from a safe distance, we became troubled at what we saw. Should we land and try to explain to them how it was possible to live peacefully with each other?”
“That’s our mission, too,” said Withers. “We’re from Earth but having seen the Alliance planets we can help our people advance.”
“Before we had the opportunity to try doing that,” said Forglatkos, “events overtook us. You see us now as pure energy, beings of light. It was no accident we became like this. The way we came onto your ship, the way we helped your shuttle to safety…”
“Thank you for that by the way,” said Romano. “We appreciate what you did for us.”
“You’re welcome. Anyway, our ship was visited by lights called Luxhominums.”
Withers said, “That must be from the Latin words, lux hominum. It means …oh. light beings. Ancient languages are a hobby of mine.”
“Very good,” said Forglatkos. “Indeed. Much older than mankind. They once had physical bodies but evolved into pure energy beings. So. Once they decided they could trust us, they manifested themselves on the ship so we could converse with them. We had a meeting not unlike the one here and now. Luxhominums live for thousands of years. Eventually their energy runs out and they die. Occasionally they need to have new beings to become like them. Which is why they helped with the evolution of primitive humans into what they are today. Something went tragically wrong and despite the Luxhominums best efforts, they became this war-like race we have today.”
“They caused it to happen?” Lan Yang asked.
“Not at all,” said Mozlanalos. “Things just didn’t turn out the way they hoped.”
“Then what happened?” Drifta asked.
“Well,” said Forglatkos, “It became obvious that the people on Earth were on a course of self-destruction, not just through ruining the planet with over population but war as well. There were however, enough people on Earth to do something with but to do so meant removing them from that environment. Start again elsewhere. A convenient cluster of habitable planets were found and a small population of good people from Earth were taken to one planet. Consolon.”
“Impossible!” barked Grakosdrak. “Earth had no ships back then to transport hundreds of people that far.”
“You are quite correct,” agreed Mozlanalos. “However, the Luxhominums have powers you can’t even begin to imagine. We should leave such details for later. Accept for the time being that what we say is true.”
Maglissa said, “Look different from them do we.” To emphasise her point she touched her face with the three grooves on each cheek and then touched Drifta’s cheek.
Dalmikriz said, “Even the Luxhominums are uncertain why that happened with your physical beings. Something must have occurred during transportation. Nothing much else changed so they didn’t worry too much about it.”
Rosfordos spoke up. “Our scientists always wondered about the fact that no evidence of early humans for us to evolve from was ever discovered. All other native creatures yes, but not us. Many early creatures became extinct on our planets and we found their remains.”
“But nothing of early humans,” Dalmikriz said, his gaze fixed longingly on Ros.
“Nothing. Eventually we decided we are what we are and just carried on.”
“Which explains why you speak our common language, or at least one of them,” said Farmer. “You took it with you from Earth.”
Mozlanalos said, “Not exactly. Your ancestors evacuation to Consolon was long before the default language called English fully developed on Earth. As your ancestors were selected from many Earth countries, you also had a diverse number of languages as Earth did and still does to this day.”
Forglatkos said, “It was thought that one of the reasons for the troubles on Earth was not having one common language throughout all nations. It was decided the most widespread default language now, English, would be the only language for the new colonies. Luxhominums also helped in subtle ways to develop that language on Earth as a tool for peace through common language and continued the concept for the new planets.” He smiled and added, “Even though the people of Consolon insisted on tweaking things a little.”
“It’s beginning to make sense,” admitted Drifta. “But how did you become the way you are now?”
“We were exposed to a simple radiation leak on the ship,” explained Mozlanalos. “So small it went undetected but as you know, radiation is an accumulative poison. By the time we discovered and fixed it, we were already dying. The Luxhominums liked us and decided to give us the choice to become as they were so of course we agreed.”
Salashar said, “And you sent your ship back empty to the Alliance.”
“Without the radiation leak, yes we did,” said Forglatkos. “For you to learn from and from what I see of this wonderful ship you excelled all expectations.”
“Our brilliant Rosfordos’s work was that,” said Salashar, making the shy girl blush.
For conceptual engineer Dalmikriz, that was it. Love was inevitable. “Remarkable,” he said with a sigh.
“Are we saying there is no hope at all for Earth?” Withers dared ask.
Forglatkos said, “The Luxhominums would never destroy the humans on Earth, but neither would they intervene with their self-destruction. It isn’t straightforward.”
“Jorgon!” said Drifta.
“Indeed,” agreed Forglatkos. “The base you were held prisoner on, is one of many. The ships using technology supplied by the Jorgonians accelerated building of ships to use the splits and then attack the Alliance. These have been secretly built and are almost ready to join the Jorgonian slave masters. But there is still one possibility you have which they don’t. This ship, based on our old ship, has one unique capability.”
Rosfordos said, “The ability to time travel.”
There was an audible gasp from all the other humans apart from Salashar and Rosfordos who shared the secret. 
Lan Yang instantly saw the possibilities. “We could go back in time to try to change the course of Earth’s history to something more peaceful?”
       Dalmikriz explained, “We hadn't designed the ship to travel through time; it was an accidental bi-product.”
       “This ship can time travel, yes,” said Forglatkos. “We only attempted it twice and, well, let’s just say it isn’t something to try on a whim. Make the wrong move back in time and the consequences for the future could be very risky and dangerous. My advice, for what it’s worth, is don’t.”
Drifta said, “But we could possibly use it to save Earth and encourage the people to work with the Alliance, not the Jorgonians?”
Mozlanalos said, “Not even the Luxhominums can predict how a mission back in time may change the course of events. Leave it alone and find another way is our advice.”
“It’s an option and we should at least consider it,” insisted Withers.
They all started speaking at once until Grakosdrak brought order back. “Enough! As Forglatkos said, this is dangerous stuff. Need to get back to the Alliance and let clever people decide what to do, should we. Forglatkos. We must get back to the Alliance.”
“You are already there.”
With that astonishing revelation, the three beings of light vanished, but not before Rosfordos felt something tingling on her cheek not unlike the lightest of kisses. She touched her cheek and smiled, then turned to concentrate on the controls. 
“He’s right. I don’t know how it’s possible but we are in orbit around Zelphon.” 

Chapter 51 


“Twenty minutes ago,” said Zaxtormon, Alliance security commander at Zelphon’s headquarters.
Domtavora’s stunned expression said it all. “And the ship just appeared in a ball of light, you say?”
“A ball of light, then the ship. Everyone is safely in orbit. A landing station is being organised and they should be down within the hour, subject to contamination checks.”
“They say anything yet?”
“Only to request a meeting with the two of us as soon as possible. I accepted on your behalf.”
“This could be interesting. Meeting here in my office?”
“I’ll bring them straight here once they’ve been cleared.” With that, Zax was on his way leaving the Principal totally bemused at the turn of events.
The medics had the crew thoroughly tested for any possible viral contamination. As they waited for the final test results, Salashar picked up on Rosfordos’s emotional state. “Missing him already are you?”
“What? No. I …I mean why should…yes, I think so. Does that make any sense at all?”
Salashar chuckled and replied, “Love seldom does.”
“Love?” Without even realising she touched her cheek where a boy made of pure energy kissed her. “We hardly even spoke. Besides. I might never see him again.”
“Very true. What happens next is not up to us.”
A medic entered, mask and gown removed. “You are tested all clear. Transport is waiting to take you to the Principal’s offices.” With that said she was gone, replaced by Captain Lovibeme in full security officers uniform. 
She introduced herself and welcomed them home. “Follow me, please.”
Zaxtormon had already returned to Domtavora’s office chambers when the crew and Lovibeme arrived. All sat and as Domtavora began his welcome home introduction, Chambers Chief Tolpwaslo entered, not looking too pleased.  
“Ah, Chief Tolpwaslo,” said Domtavora. “ I was just about to call you.”
“Oh, of course you were,” she replied, not believing a word of it. “Hearing of this third hand doesn’t please me.”
He merely waved at an empty seat which she took, throwing him one more angry stare. “Please proceed.”
“Thank you. I suggest we allow this brave crew to enlighten us in their own words. Grakosdrak. As captain, please begin.”
“Yes, Sir. Have ship’s log with me here,” said Grakos, handing over the electronic log to Zaxtormon to load into the holographic displayer. Starting with the first time they had encountered the light after leaving the split on route to Earth, even with a much edited log it took over two hours to relate the events of the trip and the rest of the crew gave their viewpoints when asked. Domtavora, Zaxtormon and Tolpwaslo kept their questions to concise, pertinent ones but even then had it not been for having the three beings of light and energy recorded faithfully on the ship’s log, they would have struggled to accept what they were hearing. When finally done they all sat in stunned silence for a couple of minutes wondering what to do with this information. 
Tolpwaslo broke the silence. “One thing we can all agree on is we must use this information very carefully. Our next move is imperative, particularly if we dared to use the time travel capability. The consequences and ramifications of failure hardly bear thinking about.”
Domtavora leaned back in his chair and said, “There is absolutely no point in any discussion of what to do next without me asking one question of this formidable crew. You are all volunteers and nobody can order you to do anything you don’t want to do. Once we’ve considered all the information and perhaps developed some kind of plan of action, are you prepared to undertake this mission?”
“Expecting that question were we,” replied Grakosdrak. “The answer is yes.”

Chapter 52


It wasn’t their new, cosy home on Consolon, but a couple of comfortable rooms in the Zelphon Alliance Security headquarters. Drifta was still having difficulty getting used to the strange bed.
“Relax, you,” said Maglissa, slapping his naked chest. 
“Perhaps if we made love I could relax.”
“Done that already and still we can’t sleep. Too much on our minds have we.”
“That’s understandable with all that’s happened.”
Maglissa ran her fingers through his blond hair and kissed him. “Maybe agreed too quickly to go on another mission did we. Almost killed back there were we.”
“I suppose we could always change our minds if we wanted to. They still have to come up with some kind of plan and that won’t be easy. They might not even ask us to do anything.”
“Go back home and make a baby could we. A much better idea.”
Drifta turned on his side to face her. “There are new variables in the mix. First, it seems we are all originally from Earth, or our ancestors were. Shouldn’t we still try to change Earth human ideas so we do away with all war?”
“Impossible think I.”
“But don’t we have a moral right to try? And that isn’t even the biggest issue of the two. The most challenging and complex is the time travel dilemmas. One wrong move tinkering with time and anything could happen.”
“And doing nothing leaves us open to invasion. We have lightly armed ships and a security force but even two or three armed ships from Earth could destroy whole cities. Do something about it must we or at least try.”
“Then there is our answer. Domtavora, Zaxtormon and Tolpwaslo will meet with us again in the morning and let’s see what they come up with.” Maglissa yawned and wrapped up in each others arms, they finally fell asleep.
Only five were in the preliminary meeting, Domtavora, Zaxtormon, Tolpwaslo, Lovibeme and Rosfordos. Both young women were in civilian clothes and not entirely sure why they were there. Domtavora had arranged a light breakfast meeting in the annex off the Principal’s offices.
“Please help yourselves to anything you want,” said Domtavora, trying to maintain composure ahead of what was sure to be a long, difficult meeting. “Now in case you are wondering why you are here,” he said with a nod to the youngsters, “it is because you, Ros, have a thorough understanding of the ship and have met the Forglatkos family. You, Captain Lovibeme, are familiar with the terrain around the underground complex on Jorgon. We have the ship’s log ready to play anytime we need it. Ros. What were your impressions of those three light beings? What was it they called themselves?”
“Luxhominums, Sir. My impressions?” Her own sleep had been challenging with her fresh memories of the whole adventure, but her dreams had been dominated by images of floating heads of light, especially the handsome young face of Dalmikriz. “Well, Sir, they certainly saved our lives and got us home.”
Tolpwaslo asked, “So they are on our side you think?”
“I don’t think it’s that simple. I’m sure they wouldn’t help us in any conflict.”
“A pity,” said Zaxtormon. “That kind of power would be most helpful to us.”
Lovibeme asked, “Perhaps they’d not be directly involved in conflict, but would they help in some indirect way? I’m not sure where I’m going with this, but maybe they could help neutralise the involvement of the Jorgonians. Any attacking force from Earth will need the Jorgonian’s old order to succeed in any attempt at invasion. Ros?”
“I don’t even have any idea how to contact the Luxhominums. I think we should try to defend the Alliance alone and hope they step in to help us if we really need it.”
Tolpwaslo said, “I think perhaps they would side with us at some point. After all, we, on the Alliance planets, are central to their plans for the future.”
Zax said, “Hardly a banker, though. Ros is right. We do this as if we are on our own.”
“Noted,” said Domtavora. “Now. This time travel capability on the ship. Ros. Can you control it?”
Ros had dreaded this question coming her way. “Not a clue. I know it has something to do with the plasma drives and velocity ratios. How to control it is brand new science.”
“To us, yes,” said Tolpwaslo. “The Luxhominums know how to use it and may be willing to show us.”
“I doubt that, but even if they did, we still don’t know how to contact them,” Ros reminded them.
Domtavora smiled at the girl and said softly, “Please give that your full consideration later. With your affinity with at least one of them, just maybe somewhere in the back of your mind you do know how.”
They had another hour of intense debate leaving them all drained. At the risk of going round in ever decreasing circles, they decided to have a break to hopefully conjure up some new inspiration. 
Domtavora said, “Everyone back here in six hours, please.”
However before breaking up, Tolpwaslo threw another problem into the mix.
“As Council Chief, I don’t see how we can agree to any planned actions without full debate and approval of the Council.”
“Spoken like a true politician,” said Zaxtormon. “The Council leaks like a colander and the Jorgonians would soon be aware of our plans.”
Tol hit back with, “And there’s no way I’ll endorse anything which could have dire consequences for us all without full Council approval.”
“Calm down, you two,” said Dom. “First let’s have a plan and then we’ll decide if we have anything to take to Council. Everyone take a break and consider what we are up against. Ros. This is a lot to ask but try to reach out to the Luxhominums and see if they will at least show us how to use the ship to travel through time in a controlled way.”
“No pressure then,” said Ros. “I’ll try my best, Sir.” 

Chapter 53


Ros returned alone to her rooms with her head in such a spin she was hardly aware of her journey there. She flopped back on her bed and stared at the boring white ceiling. 
“No pressure then, Ros. Just figure out a little thing like time travel and oh, don’t ruin life for the human race whilst doing so. Right. What have I got? I know the ship inside out. Better than anyone.” She briefly considered calling in the two technicians who worked with her on the ship but they knew less than she did. “Down to me… When Forglatkos built the original, did he know about being able to time travel or was that some unintended by-product as they suggested? I think the latter. All today’s ships are built on the same basic principles as the original, just more refined. If they could time travel surely it would have happened already to other ships, even accidentally. Everything is telling me the original ship and possibly our replica are the only two with that capability. Assuming Forglatkos has achieved time travel, he’s the one who could help us. Or Dalmikriz. A genius like his parents. Called himself a conceptual engineer. How cool is that? A conceptual engineer. Rosfordos, conceptual engineer. If I say I am one, then I am…”
Ros couldn’t help thinking about Dalmikriz. “Dalmikriz. Dal. Dal. I could really talk to you right now. Just technical stuff. Nothing heavy. A lovely smile. Genuine. Nice kind eyes. A little sad, I thought. Are you lonely? Oh, Dal…” She set her alarm and drifted off to find inspiration in her dreams.
Three beings of light and energy had the whole universe to explore. There were others of their kind, but the universe is a big place, so for most of the time it was just the three of them, still a family unit. They continued to age but not in a way a physical being aged. They had been dying in a ship when the mysterious wave of light had passed through the ship and the occupants. Weak from radiation sickness, they had assumed it was some kind of hallucination brought on by being so close to death. 
The Luxhominums rarely involved themselves in human activity these days, especially Earth human activity. Alliance humans however, were the future of a more advanced state of being. The Luxhominums had taken the best of what they’d found on Earth to hopefully develop as humans potentially could, and the signs so far were good. The Luxhominums had their own lives to live, exploring the universe as a race of people and as individuals. 
The Forglatkos family stayed together most of the time, sometimes with others. Dalmikriz had tried to find his place in the scheme of things, even as a young man he longed to find a companion as others had. Mostly it came down to an age thing. He was so young compared to most of the others, what physical features they once had gradually fading until eventually they were just pure light and energy. That would take many thousands of years for the Forglatkos family to achieve. 
Dalmikriz idolised his parents and knew how deep their love was for each other and of course, for him. But now when he saw that deep special love the two of them shared, it affected him deeply on a developing, disturbing level. He didn’t resent the love his parents shared but felt cheated that he seemed to be without a love to call his own.
Dal had resigned himself to his lonely existence. As a ball of energy he sat on Titan, a moon of Saturn, a favourite place when he wanted to be alone with his thoughts. From where he sat he had an excellent view of the rings and the planet. He was on a high ridge close to where a river of liquid methane flowed down to a huge lake. The cold and the gasses didn’t trouble him so he could enjoy the spectacle before him and allow his mind to wander and he thought of Rosfordos. So beautiful, intelligent and young, as he really was. He’d been thinking of her a lot lately. His mother had been understanding but had advised him not to dwell too much on what could never be. That was easier said than done.
“Had we both been physical beings, she might have really liked me,” he thought. Then an image of Rosfordos entered his mind, much stronger than usual. He could see her resting, her eyes closed, her sweet lips silently mouthing his name. “Dal.”
With the power of his mind he was there in her room, by the side of her bed gazing longingly at her. “Oh, Dal,” she said in her sleep.
“I’m right here, my lovely Ros.”
Ros woke with a start, gasped in shock at the ball of light energy hovering by the side of the bed. She sat upright, pulling the sheets around her naked body, too stunned to speak.
“I won’t hurt you, Ros,” Dal whispered. “I would never harm you.”
“How did you get in here?” she asked, realising it was a ridiculous question to ask a ball of energy that could cross a galaxy in a heartbeat. “Why are you here?” was a more pertinent question.
Dal thought about that a moment then said, “I heard you call my name.”
In her drowsy state she tried to get her head around what he’d said. “That was in my dreams.”
“You were dreaming about me?” That was encouraging. 
“I need to dress.”
“Okay.”
“So turn around, please.”
“Ah! Right. It doesn’t quite work that way.”
Ros pointed towards the adjoining shower room. “Off you go.”
“On my way.”
“And stop grinning at me like that.”
“I wasn’t grinning at…sorry. On my way.”
He floated away right through the wall of the shower room as Ros dressed. She checked her hair, brushing it quickly, applied a little make up and dabbed scent on her neck wondering if a ball of energy could smell the fragrance. 
“I’m ready.”
Dal floated back through the wall. The grin was back. “Gorgeous.”
“Now stop that,” said the blushing girl. “I need your help with a technical problem.”
The grin faded. “Is that all?”
“What do you mean?”
“Well, I thought, you know, you and me…”
“You and me what? Go on a date? How could that possibly work out?”
“I hadn’t really thought about the practical side. But my father always said, where there’s a will there’s a way.”
“Hold that thought. We have to stop the Alliance being invaded. You know what they’re up to.”
“Ros. We can’t get involved.”
“I know. I get that. Now listen…”
Rosfordos laid it all on the line, telling him what they had considered up to that point in the meeting with Domtavora and the others. 
“So,” said Dal. “You thought of a trip back in time to alter the plans of Earth? Interesting.”
“Yes, but is it possible?”
“That isn’t the question to ask. The question is, should you do it. In some ways doing it could be as dangerous as an invasion.”
“I could get killed in an invasion. You wouldn’t want that, would you?”
Dal’s expression was serious and a little sad. “Of course not.”
“Then show me what to do with the ship. Advise me on the safest way to try time travel so we at least have some viable options.”
There came a long, awkward silence as Dal gave due consideration to her plea. He looked at her face, so captivating and so lost… His father would be laying down the law insisting he not get involved. But he wasn’t here and Ros was, and he could feel himself so wanting to help her, so wanting, so wanting… “Let’s go see your ship.”
Before she could ask how they could do that, the ball of energy moved closer.
“Don’t be frightened. Just relax. Lie back on the bed.”
Rosfordos trusted him and didn’t flinch away as he approached, his light slowly covering her body. She was now completely with him and when he moved away she was looking down at her body on the bed. 
Dal said, “We have the time it takes for one heartbeat.”
“I’ll die.”
He smiled and said, “We can achieve much in one heartbeat of your time. Ready?”
“Yes.”
And at the speed of light they were gone. 

Chapter 54


Alexander Smith, self-styled commander of the Warriors of the New Order, could feel his destiny beckoning. Clearly a fortuitous sign was when contact was made with the Jorgonians. And it had been them who had sought him out. He had not even been aware of their existence until contact. The New Order was little more than an international group of like-minded people with a shared ideology. White supremacists. True, the Jorgonians were a little darker skinned than a true Arian race but for the greater good he could overlook that. For nearly three decades he had built up the New Order including an astonishing number of world leaders and others of real power who could see true potential and help him build the fantastic organisation. 
In the United States of America he had recruited Elisa Warrington, a woman with great personal ambition and much delicate influence. She was now the Chief of Staff and in some ways it was better than having the president on board.
“Elisa,” said Smith, adjusting the camera angle. “So very good to see you this morning.”
“It’s afternoon here, but good to see you also. We are secure?”
“Fool proof,” Smith assured her. “We are safe to talk.”
“Not too much of a setback losing that bunch of aliens, was it?”
“Not helpful, obviously,” replied Smith. “All evidence of that particular base has been destroyed. The base commander was transferred to another of our operations where two of our new spaceships are close to completion. He took a fragment of marsillion with him and our scientists are trying to replicate it.”
Warrington said, “Interesting, but not really useful at this time. There is none here on Earth and to extract it from the source on Mars and develop the refining methods would delay our plans too much. Our ships can still use the splits and land on Jorgon but it would have been good to have that extra protection. Nevertheless, Devorian is a useful organiser and tactical genius. Any possibility that shuttle survived?”.
“As far as we can tell from the base security, it was destroyed. An annoying turn of events but these things happen. Do all you can to keep the American forces away from that area.”
“Already done. Alexander, when will we depart for Jorgon?”
“Be patient. It has taken me thirty years to get to this point. Thirty days is nothing.”
“One month?”
“Or a little less. Our job is to keep a lid on this until we take off.”
“And when we do?” Warrington asked.
“Quite simple, first Jorgon, then the Alliance. Who knows? You might end up with your own planet to run. Up for the challenge?”
“Oh, yes. And the weapons on the ships?”
“We are confident they can destroy anything or anyone who gets in our way. After the invasion force has secured the Alliance planets, you and I may get the chance to go there. Have your bags packed ready, just in case.”
“Oh, I’m ready. End of call.”
His secure screen went blank and he leaned back in his padded leather office chair, his fingers interlocked behind his head and his eyes closed. He could almost taste his destiny. 
Chapter 55


It was exhilarating being a part of Dalmikriz’ ball of energy. The first thing she noticed was that she didn’t see just his head and shoulders, but his entire naked body. Beings of energy and light apparently didn’t need clothes. Then a glance at herself and she realised she too was naked. And yet she felt no embarrassment, no shyness. It just felt so natural. He held her hand but it wasn’t like holding a physical being. He was tangible but at the same time not. 
As they flew through walls and entire buildings as if they weren’t there, she caught blurred images of people, frozen like statues. She directed him outside and across to the hanger were her ship was.
“Are we time travelling?” she asked.
“Not really. No more than you pass through time every second. We are just doing it a lot faster.”
“I see. There’s the ship. Careful, people are working on it.”
“It doesn’t matter. We are moving too fast for them to see us. Inside we go.”
They passed through a couple of technicians who never noticed and floated to the flight deck.
“I’m about to let go of your hand. No straying out of my energy. Stay very close to me.” Dal extended his energy wider.
Ros looked his beautiful body up and down, wanting to stay as close as possible. “I think I can manage that.”
They sat at the controls, side by side. 
Dal said, “We can’t really touch anything like the controls, but it helps clarify them in our minds. Hmm. Interesting how you’ve arranged the two main plasma drive controls. An improvement on the original, I think.”
“Thanks. My own little touches.”
“Impressive. It makes changing over the drives when leaving the splits a lot smoother I guess. And this is new.”
“Dal. There’s got to be improvements over five hundred years. That said, the basic drive change principles are much the same as they were on your old ship.”
“Good. That’s the key to moving back in time. That and speed.”
“For time travel do we have to get in the split, use one drive and change coming out of it or can we do it outside the split?”
“Ah! No. Being inside the split is not required. At least I don’t think so.”
“Helpful, not.”
“This is not an exact science. It was more by accident than intention when it happened to us. We knew we had gone back only minutes in time, so no unfortunate consequences that we are aware of. The second time…”
“There was a second time?”
“We’re scientists. We had to prove the concept. Now, down to business. Concentrate.”
“Ooh, you are so masterful…”
“Behave. Even our time is limited.”
Half an hour of their time later, they were done. 
“That’s as much as we can do here.”
“So you think we can use the ship to go back in time?”
Dal looked deeply into her eyes. “Yes, but don’t.”
“We may not have any other choice.”
“Watch my lips. Don’t.”
“I would rather kiss your lips.”
“Are you this flirty with all Luxhominums you meet or only me?”
“Kiss me, damn you.”
“Okay, but not here. Hold my hand.”
She did and they were gone. 

Chapter 56


“Taking out the Jorgonian base is the answer,” said Lovibeme. “I’m aware of the protocols, but it’s the best option.”
Instead of resting, Zaxtormon and Lovibeme had decided to devote their time to study military options.
Zax stared at the topography of the region, the sprawling red areas the assumed extent of the underground base.
“Not much to disagree with there, Captain. We can only suggest it and see what the Council decides. Knowing that lot, we could be waiting decades for a decision. In the meantime, all we can do is prepare and be as ready as possible. All our enforcer’s ships are being fitted with additional firepower. This area here is where you discovered one of the entrances. There will be others. Our scanners are trying to detect them.”
“They must have weapons to protect themselves. I think we’re missing something.”
“I agree,” replied Zax. “There’s little point asking the free leaders of Jorgon to help dig up information for us. Too many of the old order roam freely around the main city. Left to me, I would have wiped the masters out like the vermin they are. Now they are supposed to be like all the other free citizens, just going about their lawful business. Yeah, right.”
Lovibeme said, “It would take a massive amount of power to destroy that base. The Council will never go for it. And even if we tried, I bet my pips there’s some kind of weapon ready to blast us away.”
Zaxtormon jabbed the sensor in frustration and the holographic images vanished. “Time for the meeting.”
When they entered Domtavora’s meeting room, they were all present except Rosfordos. They sat around the table. Minutes passed and still no Ros.
“Well,,” said Domtavora, eager to begin the meeting. “I'm not sure why Ros is late. I'll put a call out for her.”
“No need, Sir,” said Ros breathlessly as she entered the room. “Sorry I'm late. I've been very busy sorting out this time travel thing.”
“Highly commendable,” said Domtavora. “And did you contact your Lux friend?”
“I did. And then we took a little trip.”
Sharing sceptical glances with the others, Lovibeme asked, “Anywhere interesting?”
“Saturn. Or at least one of her moons. Amazing views. A nice place to visit but I wouldn't want to live there.”
More sceptical exchanges from the others which Ros picked up on. “I can tell you don't believe me, but it happened. I'll tell you more if you want, but anyone who dares say it was just a dream will be thumped.”
There was silence, followed by laughter. Domtavora silenced them. “Our apologies, Rosfordos. We should know you better than to make anything up. Please continue.”
“You'll take me seriously?”
“I promise.”
“Very well. The Luxhominums have powers we can't even begin to comprehend. Dal, Dalmikriz, must have picked up on my thoughts. He appeared in my room and we talked. Then I left the physical me behind and with him, we were able to move through physical things like walls. We went to the ship. People were like statues, but that was because we were moving so fast. I'm unsure why, but Dal said we could only do this in the time it took for me to have one heartbeat. To keep me safe, I think. And it was all over in a heartbeat.” She smiled, her eyes twinkling, and told them everything. Well, almost everything. “That heartbeat seemed to take hours. Especially our time on Titan. He is so handsome. It was quite...magical.”
Zaxtormon asked, “And the ship? Did this Dal say it could travel through time?”
“It can, but he wouldn't elaborate on exactly how it worked. He warned we shouldn't attempt it.”
Tol said, “My instincts tell me that's sound advice. Please continue, Ros.”
“Nothing more to add, really.”
“And this all happened in a single heartbeat of time?” Lovibeme asked.
“Yes. When I came back I fell into such a deep sleep, the alarm barely registered.”
“Amazing,” said Domtavora. “Such an incredible adventure. At least now we have a way to actually time travel, in theory at least. So, Zax. I suspect you have slightly less sophisticated methods than time travel to offer up. Probably involving things that go bang.”
“Well, it’s an option. A couple of proton missiles in the right place on that base on Jorgon…”
“Excuse me,” snapped Tolpwaslo. “I think you’ll find the Council might have opinions about that.”
“Well, I am due to retire in five years, so if the Council could get back to me before then…”
“Hey,” said Domtavora. “Play nice. It’s been a very long day and we need to give this some thought. Everyone back here this time tomorrow. Go get some sleep.”
The need to rest was one thing they could all agree on. Leaving Domtavora and Tolpwaslo to have an unwinding drink, the others headed for the door. Ros felt a hand on her shoulder as Lovibeme pulled her gently back.
“Not so fast, sister.”
“It wasn’t a dream,” said Ros.
“Hey. I’ve no doubt it happened. Tell me. What’s it like on Titan?”
“Amazing rivers of methane, and the rings of Saturn seemed close enough to touch…”
“Oh, come on. You’re there wrapped in a handsome boy’s energy bubble and you bang on about the rings of Saturn? You say he was naked?”
“We both were.” 
“Oh, I so want to hear all about it. Woman to woman, of course. I’ve a bottle of something potent we confiscated on an enforcer’s raid. Come on, and I want details. Lots of details.” 

Chapter 57


Alexander Smith strutted across his office floor. He practised strutting daily and considered himself quite proficient at it. In fact he had modelled himself on the expert at strutting, his hero Adolf Hitler. Now, there was a strutter if ever there was one. He couldn’t resist it but strode over to the wall behind his mahogany desk and swiped a hidden sensor. His version of the truth emerged. A global map of unparalleled complexities and sophistication. 
Smith loved this map. What he especially loved were the little red lights indicating his global network of international leaders sharing his common objective—the subjugation and eventual elimination of all inferior races. 
Far too long had they endured this second rate world due to misguided meddling by so-called do-gooders sharing the obviously ill-conceived notion that all people were equal, regardless of their skin colour or ethnicity. 
Hitler had tried to correct that assumption. Smith couldn’t even think of his hero without a pause of reflection of what might have been, what could have been, what should have been. He tapped a sensor and before him appeared his hero. Huge, magnificent, exuding an enduring charisma not equalled. Smith clasped his hands together, his eyes beaming with adulation at the image before him. 
“We are so close to your vision, and, if I may be so bold, to even exceed your vision.”
Smith strutted some more before turning to face his hero again.
“It had to be divine intervention when the Jorgonians contacted me. Me! I must admit I was on the cusp of asking myself some serious questions.” He pointed at the screen. “You had your doubts, right? You must have done. But then the Jorgonians arrived. I had to ask myself. What is there to lose? They bring us the technology and we provide the brute force. I had to admit. That sounds like a win-win to me. But you. Would you agree? Oh, I so wish you were here with me, leading us to victory. I’m just your servant, doing as you wish. Alexander Smith. Failing at everything I tried to do. And the root cause of that failure were those inferior races holding me back, in my bloody face at every bloody turn in my life.”
The anger in Smith grew exponentially as he was pacing up and down his Persian rug. There were times in his mind when he was completely rational and lucid, but then the red mist would descend and it was if something beyond himself controlled his every movement, like some automaton in a Victorian show. 
The ships were almost ready. The splits were close to perfect alignment. He could smell victory. Yes, he knew his beloved Adolph would do a better job of it and that he was nothing more than a poor substitute for the real thing.
“I can only try, mien fuhrer.” He strode over to the screen again. “But consider this. You didn’t have the technology we have at our disposal. Oh, and you so loved your technology. You would have surely approved. But what good is an approval without an objective?” He dared point a finger at his hero. “I, Alexander Smith have an objective. The universe has tossed her dice into the cosmos and they came down Smith. Oh, sure we have had minor irritants, like that wannabe hero Drifta. Coming down here with his righteous posturing, causing havoc and threatening our objectives. I tell you. I tell you for nothing, Adolph. I intend causing this pusillanimous upstart unimaginable pain when he falls within my grasp.” He slapped the desk. “But I’ll not allow my anger to side track me. Too much effort, blood, sweat and rivers of tears have been made to get us to where we are now.”
Smith tapped another sensor and above him the symphony of space erupted above him. “There. Right there. That almost insignificant spot there. That is us. This polluted, corrupted, ruined speck on the edge of nowhere. Then way over here lies the Alliance. And this tiny dot right here is our salvation. Jorgon. Oh, these guys had the right idea. We go there, take over their planet, then we take the real prize, Consolon and then we go on to Zelphon. When we take Zelphon, the Alliance crumbles and we have it all.”
Smith broke away from the huge screen and strutted some more. Finally he turned back to the image of his hero. “They are an inferior race. Barely human as far as I can determine. Oh, they have a grasp on technology, but they have wasted it. We are almost set to go and I take your spirit along, ready to vanquish anyone standing in our way.” Smith raised a fist to the air with a the crazy glint in his eyes. “Nothing stands in our way. Goodnight, Master.”
Smith tapped a sensor and the image vanished. He stood completely alone in the nerve centre of his empire daring to dream. 

Chapter 58


Dalmikriz couldn’t hide his extra special glow. His mother, Mozlanalos noticed almost immediately.
“Have you been anywhere interesting?” she asked, coyly.
“Hmm? Sorry. Miles away. Actually, yes, I was miles away.”
A knowing smile then, “Some delightful ball of energy we haven’t met yet?”
Dalmikriz stared at Earth, then wondered yet again why they always returned to this place in the universe. Perhaps it was something to do with the fact their physical bodies died near here. 
“In a manner of speaking, she is a ball of energy, but you have met her. Ros.”
“Ros? I don’t recall meeting a girl named…Oh!” Now this was unexpected and somewhat troubling. “Rosfordos. That girl off the ship?”
“Yes. I had visited Titan. I had just been quietly thinking, watching Saturn in all her glory. Then I felt Ros calling out to me, all the way from Zelphon.”
“She communicated with you?”
“Most definitely. Five hundred years and nothing like that has ever happened to me. At least not from a physical being.”
“I see. So of course you responded to her call.”
“I thought she needed my help or was in danger.”
“And was she?”
“No, not in danger. But she was troubled and as she lay dreaming, she thought of me. Suddenly with little effort from me, I was by her side. She woke and we talked. It was an issue with her ship and she wanted advice on how to deal with it.”
“Oh, well. If that’s all it was about. Did you resolve the issue?”
“She wanted advice on how to travel through time.”
“Oh, dear. Please tell me you didn’t tell her how it was done.”
Dalmikriz hesitated, then said, “I suppose I did, in a way.”
“Dal. Your father will go incandescent when he finds out.”
Dal waved a glowing hand at her. “We are all incandescent around here.”
“Don’t play those games with me, young man. Do you understand the seriousness of what you’ve done?”
“Don’t worry. I strongly advised against trying it.”
“The least you could do. Let’s hope she listened to you.”
“I think so. Mother. We found a way to…be together. I mean…”
“Oh, I know what you mean, young man. How many times have I told you the right Luxhominum girl will turn up one day.”
“And just how many hundreds of years must I wait for this girl? You have my father. Imagine you were alone like me.”
“I’m sure one day…”
“One day, one day.”
“This looks quite intense.” Forglatkos had appeared from his own wanderings through the stars. “Anything I should know about?”
“No, father.”
“Your son is in love.”
“Oh, that’s wonderful. And where is the lucky girl? Is she here somewhere?”
“She isn’t like us,” said Mozlanalos. 
Forglatkos couldn’t comprehend this. “She isn’t like…Oh. Not a girl. A boy. Well. I’ve always been open minded. Being happy with each other is really the most…”
Mozlanalos said, “Oh, she’s a girl, alright. Just not a Luxhominum.”
“Now I’m really confused. Dal. What’s going on?”
“Her name is Rosfordos, father.”
“Where do I know that name from? I’m sure we met somebody called …got it. That brilliant engineer. Very quiet.”
“And still in the physical, in case you forgot,” said Mozlanalos.
“Ooh! Right. Rosfordos.”
“At last the penny drops,” said Mozlanalos. “Now remind him why it’s impossible.”
“Hrmm. Right. Dal. She’s a lovely young woman but…Moz. Why is it impossible?”
“Men. You really can be slow at times. How can they possibly be an item?”
“An item? How quaint. I’ve not heard that for…centuries. But I suppose now I think about it, a few compatibility issues come to mind.”
“Seriously?” snapped Mozlanalos. “It just isn’t physically possible. Any attempt of…having a relationship, could be dangerous for the girl. This has to end now before it goes too far.”
“Well, actually…” Dal started. 
“You lucky old dog, you,” said Forglatkos then he noticed the look his wife was giving him. “I mean, how could you be so irresponsible? Actually, just how could you?”
“Well, dad, all we did was…”
“Too much information,” said Mozlanalos. “You start to act like a proper father for once. Talk some sense to the lad, assuming you know how.”
Mozlanalos left them to have a father to son talk. This meant the two of them just hanging around in space side by side.
“So. This young lady. You two got together somehow?”
With his mother gone, Dal could speak more openly with his father. They had always bonded well and he’d always turned to him for anything female related. He explained how he had wrapped Rosfordos’s energy into his own protective bubble and what they did on the ship. Dal noticed a concerned expression on his father’s face, but Forglatkos stayed quiet, allowing his son to tell his story.
“After that we sat on Titan, in the glow of Saturn. It was magical, dad. We kissed…”
“I’d have been disappointed if you hadn’t. I remember once your mother and I..hrmm. A long time ago before you were born. Never mind that. Without specifics, you…well, you were like any young couple in love.”
“Yes. It was so natural. She’s the one, dad.”
“And all this happened in one heartbeat, you say?”
“Pretty much.”
“Whatever works, I suppose. Love always finds away. And Rosfordos suffered no ill affects?”
“She…seemed quite happy when I left her.”
“And you intend to see her again, no doubt.”
“She’s the one, dad. I get that it’s complicated…”
“Yeah, just a bit.”
“But we have to see if we can make it work.”
Forglatkos only wanted happiness for his son. Something denied him for five hundred years. “This is unknown territory, son. As far as I know, this has never happened…ever. And like your mother said, not without risk, especially for Rosfordos. And even I’m not sure what those risks might be. Which then brings us back to the time travel risks. We have had that discussion many times and those risks remain the same.”
“I’m not stupid, dad.”
“You’re in love and that’s the most stupid of all. Logic goes right out the window.”
“But don’t you see, us being together is the best way of keeping her safe. I want to protect her.”
Forglatkos knew he was no longer looking at a boy but a man. “Make sure you keep her safe, son.”
“I will.” 

Chapter 59


The three ships in the engineering bay looked impressive, but the problem was, there were only three of them. Lovibeme and Zaxtormon stood, each knowing the other was thinking the same thing.
“They’re doing the best they can, Zax.”
“And I’m sure they will be three highly efficient ships when completed. We have two more heading back from the outer Alliance planets, both lightly armed requiring the same upgrade as these three. Two more in orbit ready to defend the Alliance. It’s pitiful.”
“Commander. We were never intended to be a military outfit. Just peace keepers and pirate chasers for the Alliance. And let’s face it. Until now have you ever had the need for more than what we had?”
“Not in my thirty five year career, Captain. Of course I always put up a case for more, better fighting ships but the Council always denied my request.”
“They did have a point, until now.”
“Our problem is not knowing what we are up against. If there are ships hidden on Jorgon we don’t know about, there couldn’t be more than a couple. They have about the same level of technology as we do, if that underground complex is anything to go by. Where they have been clever is to develop new ways of interplanetary communication beyond anything we have. With that they have been planning an invasion from Earth. Brains from Jorgon, muscle from Earth.”
Well, Sir,” said Lovibeme. “The best way to kill a dangerous creature is to cut off its head. If we do that, we might just end the ambitions of Earth to come here at all.”
“The doing of that is one thing. Being allowed to do it is another. Unless Domtavora can persuade the Council to rip up the amendment of non-interference in non-Alliance planets, we can only wait for the enemy to strike first and be ready to hit back.”
“The simulation exercises with the new weapons have gone pretty well, Sir. I’ve selected a dozen seasoned enforcers for training in that.”
Zax looked down at the diminutive but deadly captain. “Simulators are no substitute for real action.”
“There’s a handful of civilians we could make into enforcers, Sir.”
“Can you imagine Grakosdrak putting on an enforcer’s uniform, assuming we could find one to fit him? And don’t forget, four of his crew are Earth humans. We could never rely on them to fight their own people alongside us. I need people I can trust.”
“Then it is what it is, Sir.” 


On Jorgon, Commander Lok’jarvahl’s deadpan expression gave little away but Captain Hibinlog Sen’latorl’s own sense of frustration with the situation seemed to linger in the air of the control centre in the underground base. 
“Just what do we have to do to get them to attack us, Sir?” asked the captain. “Put up a huge flag saying come and play?”
Lok’jarvahl had been leaning back in his chair, booted feet on his desk. He stood up and approached the young woman. “Itching to have a go at them, Captain?”
“Well, so much depends on it, Sir. We need to draw them in so we can take them out.”
Lok’jarvahl smiled and agreed. “That is the plan. And I have no doubt that Zaxtormon is just itching to have a go at us. Unfortunately, the enforcers are constricted by the Alliance Council. Unless provoked, they cannot attack a non-alliance planet.”
With Gos’krikun incarcerated on a seldom used remote island facility on Zelphon, Lok’jarvahl had assumed command of the remaining hard-line military still loyal to the Regal.
“It’s just that…I just feel like I’m imprisoned here. As surely as the Regal is.”
“He is well aware of the situation, Captain. Our people on the surface just wait for the signal to rise up and release him. Once the Earth humans are on their way here, that is when we start the fight that will bring in the Alliance. Timing and coordination is the key to our success and victory. Loyal and stalwart officers like you will be at the heart of the invasion of the Alliance planets. So be patient and I assure you your time in the sun will come.”
Hibinlog Sen’latorl’s frustration with the inactivity was now dispelled and she saluted, turned smartly and marched away, reenergised to her duties. 

Chapter 60


Rosfordos spent some of her days on ‘her’ ship, ensuring maintenance was focussed on the efficient running of it and not in anyway modifying the uniqueness of it. Her experience in space had boosted her confidence and where once she had been reticent in offering her points of view, she now had seasoned engineers and technicians following her instructions without question or hesitation. She praised the work of the marsillion coating team, finding it impossible to distinguish between the original coating and the fine repairs. 
The senior coating technician stroked one repaired area. “Took a bit of a bashing out there, Ros.”
“It was scary at the time but the coating went some way to protecting the hull.”
“Thankfully we can repair it in a hangar, not out in space.”
“Our crew did a good job. At least you’re not tethered to the ship out there in space.”
“I did that once, many years ago,” he replied. “Never again, thank you very much.”
“You don’t like the idea of space travel?”
“The idea of it, yes. As for actually going out there, I leave that to intrepid explorers like you.” 
“I guess it isn’t for everyone.” 
The grey haired man smiled and said, “I hardly noticed you a year ago.  I tend to think of you as a space warrior these days.” He was clearly impressed with the tiny young woman.
“A warrior? I’ll settle for conceptual engineer. You’re doing a great job. Carry on.”
Feeling a good foot taller she confidently let the team get on with their work and made her way back to her room. Kicking off her boots, she stretched out on her bed and closed her eyes. Everywhere was a sense of something big about to happen and she knew more than most, being amongst a select few. Her ship, because that was how she thought of her, would soon be ready to fly again. The only additional equipment she had reservations about was the upgraded weapons with two state of the art plasma cannons with the advanced controls. Lovibeme was going to take them out of orbit in the ship for weapons practice as soon as the maintenance teams had finished their work. They had both been on the planning committee chaired by Domtavora and were ready to play their parts.
“Rosfordos, space warrior,” she chuckled. “Maybe I’ll have a tee shirt made with that on, or a tattoo.”
It had not been that long ago she was of the same opinion as the maintenance technician that space looked much safer from the ground. Now she couldn’t get out there fast enough, realising that’s where she really felt alive. Ros let her mind wander, and it was as if she could feel the subtle humming of the plasma drives as she controlled the ship, Salashar by her side. Inevitably her thoughts drifted away from the confines of the ship and into space itself. She wasn’t alone. Dalmikriz was by her side and she could hear his voice in her mind.
“I thought you had forgotten me,” he said, softly.
“Never. You are there in my dreams all the time. As you are right now.”
“You look so beautiful, lying there.”
With a start she opened her eyes and sat up on the bed. “You really are here.”
“Don’t you want me to be? I can go if…”
“No. No, please stay. I’ve missed you.”
Her eyes were becoming accustomed to the bright glowing ball of light with the head of Dalmikriz at its heart. His features were not distinct but she knew her mind would gradually fill in the gaps. 
“Space is a lot lonelier without you. My parents think I’m crazy to feel the way I do about you.”
“You’ve been talking to them about me?”
“About us. But they have each other. I have had no one until now. Five hundred years of loneliness is too much, don’t you agree?”
Ros could see the sadness in his gentle face. “I do agree. I’ve no idea how we can have any future together, but for now I’ll take what I can get.”
“Shall we go somewhere?”
“Yes. Take me.”
Rosfordos settled back on the bed and closed her eyes. Once more she felt that warm, tingling sensation throughout her entire body, experiencing the closeness of him as he enveloped her in his light. She felt all his energy pouring into her. For the second time she left her body and she could see herself lying peacefully on the bed, a smile of expectation on her face. Then they were gone from Zelphon, suddenly just a distant speck of light so far away. 
As they crossed unimaginable distances through the galaxy, it was almost impossible for Ros to accept all this was happening in the time it took her physical body to have one heartbeat. She forced that notion away as they danced together in Dal’s cocoon of light and energy. Then they stopped and hovered above a planet she guessed to be three times the size of Zelphon, but it was to the moon of that planet they settled. 
“Do you come here often?” she asked.
“I’ve never been here before. I thought it looked interesting.”
The moon itself was the size of a small planet and strangely lush and colourful. They were in a valley surrounded by mountains of deepest purples from which deep yellow streams cascaded into rivers that forced a winding course down to a vast sea, except the rivers and streams seemed to be frozen. There were signs of life, mostly crude creatures of many shapes and sizes, existing on a world that would be toxic to humans. Most of the creatures were away in the distance but even those nearby ignored the visitors. Ros realised they were frozen in time not moving, all this happening in the time it took for her heart to beat once.
“Now that’s an impressive planet,” said Dal, pointing at the large world a million miles away. 
It seemed that the entire surface of the planet was exploding in a rash of volcanoes, yet as the deep yellow water of the moon, the explosions were held in one instant of time. 
“A shame we can’t see it in it’s wild, fiery magnificence,” said Ros. “It’s still quite a sight, though.”
“I feel guilty being able to see it all as it all happens. This is the best I can do for you, sadly.”
As they lay together in that ball of light and energy, new wonders all around them, they coupled and loved as any young lovers would. Being impossible didn’t seem to be a barrier. Finally their needs fulfilled, they lay together, savouring the precious moment.
“I must take you back,” said Dalmikriz. “One heartbeat, remember?”
“I remember. Back to our lonely lives.”
He kissed her and said, “You only have to dream of me and I’ll be there.” 
“I must dream more often.” Then an idea came to her. “Dal. Do we have a little time left?”
“It’s all relative, I suppose. Why?”
“I have to try something, if you’ll take me.”
“Take you where?”
“Earth.”
Now he was concerned. “Earth? Why?”
“Please?”
Then they were gone. 

Chapter 61


“Earth!” Maglissa spat the word out as she pushed the food on her plate around. “Just married are we.” She threw the fork down on the table so hard it bounced off it and onto the floor.
“Lost your appetite I see,” said Drifta.
Mag stood and pointed angrily back at him. “Go now, you. Go tell them, back to Consolon we go.”
“I like your thinking. Just one tiny problem. We don’t have a ship.”
Mag wasn’t letting him off the hook so easily. “Come and we go take a ship right now. My father and Salashar will help us take a ship.”
That was probably true. “I’m sure Zaxtormon might have issues with the idea, though.”
“Not afraid of that big broxen am I. Come now.”
Drifta knew the normally placid Mag had an angry streak inherited from both biological parents. Shouting back at her was not going to help. He got up and went to her, wrapping her up in his arms. “That fiery temper will serve us well when we fight the invaders. Save it for them.”
Mag tried to push him away but he wouldn’t let go and finally she relented and hugged him back. “Claw their eyes out will I.”
“No doubt while you’re chewing their ears off. Just be patient and you’ll get your chance.”


Not far away, Lovibeme was taking a break from her duties for a girlie evening with Rosfordos, whom she thought of as a friendly kindred sprit. Perhaps even potentially the possibility of something more than being just good friends. True, the time they had spent together so far had mostly been in interminable meetings and brainstorming sessions on dealing with the invasion. Sharing a table as they took their breaks had given them opportunities to find out about each other. Lovibeme’s love-life had been as chaotic as her adventurous lifestyle, but Rosfordos was doing similar things now so they at least had that common bond. 
Rosfordos was so feminine and an ethereal beauty, contrasting with Lovibeme’s more solid, muscular shape. Lovibeme was also a few years older than Ros, but there was no harm in finding out if anything could happen between them. The transformation from the tough uniformed officer wearing camouflage grease to a revealing, tight fitting little black number and a touch of make-up and perfume, showed the inner self. Armed with a bottle of strong wine, she rapped on the door.
“Hey, there. I could do with some friendly company, preferably not in a uniform.” Nothing, so she tried again. “I’ve a very nice bottle of something.” Still nothing. “Ros? I know you’re in there. Can I come in?” No answer so Lovibeme tried the door, the sensor being green for unlocked. Pushing the door open a little, she could see Ros lying on the bed. Lovibeme considered quietly closing the door and letting Ros sleep but something didn’t seem right. “Ros? Ros!” Lovibeme hurried over to the bedside and she didn’t like the look on Rosfordos’s face or the pale colour. “Ross,” she called out, shaking her vigorously.


On Earth, Dalmikriz was regretting giving in to Rosfordos. “We’re out of time. We have to go right now.”
Ros ignored him, concentrating instead on the task in hands, on the desk of Alexander Smith. Smith being the kingpin of the race supremacists and instrumental in the invasion plans of the Alliance. Smith was frozen in time, seated at his antique oak desk, and laid out in front of him were what had raised Ros’s interest.
“Ros!”
“One minute, Dal. This is important.”
“And making sure you get back alive is more so. Come on.”
Frustrated she couldn’t physically turn a few of the pages on the desk, she committed what she could to memory.
“I’m ready.”
The fortified headquarters vaporized around them as they were racing through space in the energy light of Dalmikriz. All his moods and tensions were hers to share and as the planets and stars became blurs to their passing, there came feelings of anger, panic, and almost hidden amongst those dark anxieties, she could sense his love for her.
“I had to do that, Dal.”
“So you keep saying. I just hope we are not too late.”
On they travelled, at speeds beyond comprehension. The merest glimpse of Zelphon then finally into her room. What they saw shocked them both. In front of them was Lovibeme, kissing the mouth of the prone body of Rosfordos, then both her hands on her chest.
“Come on, damn you,” Lovibeme yelled.
“What is she doing to me?”
“Trying to save your life. Hang on tight,” said Dal.
The ball of light hovered over the bed, partially enveloping Lovibeme who was unintentionally shoved backwards so forcefully, she hit the wall and slunk down to the floor.
Dal said, “You must help me with this, Ros. You need to re-enter your body.”
“I’m trying. It won’t let me in.”
“Try harder. Damn. This is all my fault. Come on.”
The energy form of Ros was trying to leave the ball and force its way back where it belonged. The physical body suddenly jerked violently, then a gasp followed by a cry of pain. The body still resisted the intrusion but Ros and Dal weren’t about to give in. 
“Claim your life back, Ros. Come on.”
Rosfordos’s light and energy ‘borrowed’ from Dalmikriz was growing dim. Ros was feeling weak, her strength dissipating. Dal could only watch the struggle below him, and had he a heart, it would surely be breaking.
Lovibeme was stunned but just able to move. Too dazed to understand the struggle raging on the bed, she crawled on her hands and knees. Her strength came from within and with both hands on the edge of the bed, she hauled herself up and with one final effort thumped the chest of the body on the bed. It was enough, the jolt to the system and Rosfordos fell into her own body which gasped for air. Completely confused, Ros stared up as a bright light hovered then vanished. Lovibeme was stunned, down on the floor.
“Lovibeme! What’s happened to you?” Ros crawled, almost fell from the bed, then rolled over to be by her friend’s side. “Lovibeme...”
Lovibeme opened one drowsy eye and turned to face Ros. Then she uttered an unrepeatable curse.
The door burst open, two medics hurrying in. “Who sounded the alarm?”

Chapter 62


Rosfordos and Lovibeme shared the same room in the medical centre, the doctor annoyed with the intrusion of the visitors as she was assessing her patients. 
“Later. Come back later.”
“I am Principal Domtavora and this is Zax…”
“Yes, yes. I’m well aware of who you are. But in here is my domain and I decide who comes in and when.”
Rosfordos was still groggy, but she grasped the doctor’s hand. “I…I really need to speak to them, doctor. Urgently.”
“You are in no fit condition to…”
“Please. This is very important.”
The doctor sighed and finally agreed. “Five minutes. Understand?”
“Absolutely, doctor,” said Domtavora, with his most amiable smile. “Thank you.”
The doctor, followed by her two male nurses, left the room. 
“You had us all very worried for you, Ros,” said Domtavora.
“And you, Captain,” said Zaxtormon. “How are you?”
“I’ve been worse. Just a few bruised ribs.”
Rosfordos grabbed Domtavora’s sleeve. “I need to tell you this, while it is still fresh in my mind. We went to Earth and we saw…”
“Earth?” said Zax. “What drugs have they given you in here?”
“No, this is for real. I got Dalmikriz to take me there. I told you he can do things like that.”
Domtavora shared a sceptical glance with Zaxtormon. “Tell us what happened.”
“There’s a man on Earth called Alexander Smith. I’m pretty sure he’s in charge of the ones coming to invade us.”
Zax said what Domtavora was thinking. “Billions of people and this Dalmikriz just happens to know who and where this man is on Earth?”
“I know it’s hard to understand this, but the Luxhominums, like Dal, know far more than they will ever tell us. Because of our special relationship, I knew this to be so. He didn’t want to do it but I talked him into it.”
From the next bed, Lovibeme said, “She almost died doing this. Listen to her before the doctor throws you out of here.”
“Yes,” said Dom. “Please go on.”
“We were in Smith’s secret headquarters. In his office. He was alone working and I saw the papers and pictures on his desk.”
“He couldn’t see you?” said Zax. “Sorry. Continue.”
“Right. There were pictures of spaceships. Hard to say exactly, but I think there were four or five large, heavily armed ships. There were also four larger ships, lightly armed but built as transporters. From what I could tell, they were scattered to several secret bases around the planet.”
Zaxtormon said, “Would you say these ships were as sophisticated as ours?”
“At least. Perhaps even more advanced. I think the transporters were for later, after the invasion.”
Domtavora suggested, “The first wave to smooth the way for their chosen few to come later, probably.”
Ros continued. “There’s more. Some of the pages were partially covered and I couldn’t move anything. However, I saw enough and understood most of it. They have split technology and can use it. Optimum split waves are in two or three days. That’s when they plan to take off with Jorgon the first destination followed by an attack on Consolon.”
Zaxtormon’s grim expression said he believed her and his mind was processing the information. “With that info we can be ready for them.”
“You are a very brave lady,” said Domtavora. “What I remember from what you told us previously, all that with Dalmikriz happens in a single heartbeat. You must have been gone too long and nearly paid the price for it.”
“It actually seemed to take just two or three minutes in real time,” explained Rosfordos. “Lucky for me, Lovibeme was just about to pay a visit. If not for her, I’d have died.”
Lovibeme said, “It was pretty close. I thought we’d lost you.”
“Thanks for what you did.”
Zax turned to his number one captain. “You are a remarkable young woman. Now rest up and let the doctors take care of you. We are going to need both of you with what’s coming our way.”
The doctor entered and this time she wasn’t taking no for an answer. “You two, out now.”
“It’s been a real pleasure meeting you, doctor,” said Domtavora. “Thank you.” 

Chapter 63


Zaxtormon missed the captain’s sharp, astute mind that matched her extensive military expertise. That she would replace him when he retired was in no doubt and the Enforcers would be better off for it. But for now, he was the leader, and apply himself he must. He had already spent three hours with his tactical and technical planning teams, his split-prediction scientific advisor alongside.
Zaxtormon followed the path of the predicted split, his hand tracing along the holographic image. At best, the paths through space into which these ribbons of energy flowed, could only be predicted to an eighty percent accuracy. Not great but better than nothing. 
“Assuming the Earth humans indeed have the technology both for splits and propulsion, this is approximately point of entry, give or take a few million miles, leaving the split around here for Jorgon.”
“That’s about as close as we can determine, Commander,” said his split-wave specialist. She used a hover-chair to get around, having lost her legs in an accident in her teens. Using a light pointer to indicate her target of interest, she added, “As usual, the main issues for them will be speed. Either going too fast or too slow in this ever changing river of light, would have them either too far or not far enough from Jorgon when they exit the split. On the plus side, we can assume their practical experience of crossing space this way will be negligible, more likely only theoretically simulated.”
“Meaning there’s a good chance it could all go horribly wrong for them,” said Zax. “Correct. By applying a wide beam of observation will be the best hope of picking them up as they leave the split. By placing our ships in this region, midway between Jorgon and Consolon, we stand a slim chance of intercepting them before they do much damage.”
The non split space flight expert said, “You’re hoping to cover this vast area of space, trying to protect the three main planets, including Jorgon which isn’t even in the Alliance. Good luck with that.”
Zax took his sombre mood away to share what he knew with Domtavora. 
“Just between us, I must admit I’m worried.”
Domtavora shared his concerns. “The Enforcers were never intended to be a military force. Just Alliance peace keepers, and keeping illegal traders in check.”
“I was wondering if we could ask Rosfordos to return to Earth with her…boyfriend…and see if they can find out more for us. Anything would be useful right now.”
“That’s highly unlikely, Zax. Until they actually attack us, they remain outside the Alliance jurisdiction. Same as for Jorgon.”
“It’s so frustrating. I still feel Jorgon should be our target. A strike there would leave the Earth invaders in a much weaker position.”
Domtavora said, “I agree. That said, we can only pounce on Jorgon when they threaten us. What are our capabilities at the moment?”
“We have three ships here with upgraded weapons systems, another almost ready, and four lesser-armed ships coming from other Alliance planets. They’re two or three days away. Not that they would be much use against a more heavily armed ship from Earth.”
“And what of the defence capabilities on Zelphon?”
“Seriously? A bunch of well intentioned volunteers who like dressing up in uniforms? They would be slaughtered in any well armed attack.”
“I wish I could be more use to you, Zax. How is Lovibeme?”
“Recovering well, I’ve been told. The doctor practically has to strap her down on the bed to keep her in the medical bay. I’ll go see her later today.”
“Pass on my best wishes to her and Rosfordos also.”
Zax at least felt a little better having shared his thoughts with the Principal. “I will. Now I have to go and plan a battle with next to nothing to fight with.”
Alone in the room at the medical centre, Rosfordos and Lovibeme chatted, Lovibeme talking to take her mind off being confined to the bed.
Rosfordos said, “I must admit I was a little surprised when I saw you with your mouth on mine and your hands on my breasts.”
“Just my training kicking in. Not the first time I’ve had to use it.”
“Just teasing. I’m sure there’s nothing else it could have been. At least I think I am.”
Lovibeme lay on her side as she looked at her room mate, a mysterious expression on her face. “I guess I’d have too much competition with you having a lover like Dalmikriz. Another of life’s regrets.”
Rosfordos said, “Are you telling me…are you saying, if not for him you would be coming onto me?”
Lovibeme pouted a smile and replied, “It may have crossed my mind. Would I have been wasting my time?”
“I really…”
Which was when the doctor entered with Zaxtormon. “Good news, Captain Lovibeme,” said the doctor. “I can let you go. As long as you don’t do anything too physical for a few days.”
Lovibeme was out of the bed in a flash, pulling on her clothes. “About time.”
The doctor stared up at the face of Zaxtormon. “I hold you responsible for her. Take it easy with her or you’ll have me to deal with.”
“She’ll have nothing more than light duties. I promise.”
“I’m out of here,” Lovibeme said to Ros, then with a wink, “We’ll have that bottle of wine later, okay?”
The room cleared, leaving Rosfordos in a state of gender confusion. 

Chapter 64


Dalmikriz may have been five hundred years old, but that didn’t mean he couldn’t be unhappy. Luxhominums were connected by more than longevity. They may not have been aware of all the details, especially the controversial relationship with a physical being. What they were aware of was of Dalmikriz contravening a fundamental law—influencing events of another race of beings. Once humans were taken from Earth thousands of years ago, non intervention became that law and it was down to those on Earth and the Alliance planets to go their own ways. 
Dalmikriz could feel how the other Luxhominums regarded his reckless actions, including how the human girl had almost died. His parents were of the same opinion and that broke his heart more than anything. There was no punishment. They all knew he would be beating himself up about it more than anything else could. 
He sat on the moon where he had been with Rosfordos, watching the spectacular volcanic eruptions on the planet in front of him. With his speed at ‘normal’, everything was now in real time and he enjoyed nature in all its magnificence. At least he would have had he not been so sad. How could his one and only time of love have gone so badly wrong? His mother Mozlanalos had told him in no uncertain terms. 
“Love has made you do stupid things. Not the first time that has happened for anyone and certainly not the last. Except this time a human girl almost died.”
Dalmikriz had replied, “She was trying to save her people from an attack from Earth. I gave her the means to do so.”
His father Forglatkos hadn’t said much until then. “It is not our place to interfere. The law of the Luxhominum is…”
“Yes, let them sort their own problems out,” said Dalmikriz. “Have you forgotten the people of the Alliance only came to be because of the interference of our kind? And that was done so that they could eventually become like us.”
Around them in the vastness of space, specks of fast moving light and energy just like themselves were on journeys to enjoy the beauty of the cosmos simply because they could. Mozlanalos waved a greeting hand at a few as they passed by. 
“For millions of years they have been around, whereas we three are new arrivals. It is not our place to questions the laws by which they live. They are our people and our laws also.”
“What should I do about Rosfordos?” Dalmikriz dared to ask. “We all know the Earth ships are in the splits heading to invade her planets. Millions could be killed. Ros could be killed. Do we just do nothing and let that happen?”
Mozlanalos had told him, “You cannot be with this girl. She is not like us. And this unnatural love you have for her almost killed her. Is that really what you call love, something that could so easily destroy her?”
“I would never hurt her.”
“Then there is your answer. If you have feelings for Rosfordos, you must keep her safe by staying away.”
“And the invasion?”
“The Alliance people are capable, intelligent and resilient,” said Forglatkos. “We must hope they are also victorious.”
Dalmikriz said, “You say we are not to interfere. Then why did you send our old ship back to the Alliance?”
Forglatkos replied, “That was done as we became Luxhominums. I barely understood what we were at that time. And with hindsight, I probably regret doing that but it is done and that’s all there is to it.”
Mozlanalos hated her family fighting this way. “Dal, my son. Perhaps it would be a good idea for you to go somewhere and think things through. Allow your feelings to heal.”
So now he sat where he once made love to a human girl and he reflected on his life and his sadness. 

Chapter 65


Jorgon
Commander Lok’jarvahl’s paced his office with renewed anticipation.
“I can taste it, almost chew it. It’s all falling into place. Years of planning and preparation to reach this pivotal moment.”
“Our people in the city are ready to act,” said Captain Hibinlog Sen’latorl. “Our friends from Earth are due to take off in two days’ time.”
“Yes, yes. And once we are sure they are in the split and heading here, then we make our move. The Alliance will have no alternative but to react and bring their pathetic ships here. Once we’ve destroyed them, there’s nothing to stop us.”
“There will be resistance here, Commander. Former slaves will put up a fight and they do outnumber our people considerably.”
“Bakers and farmers are no match for our people with weapons. They won’t know what’s hit them. And neither will that big ox Zaxtormon when he finally bothers to turn up.”
“We are ready, Sir.”
The captain strode smartly away to her duties, leaving her commander to his dreams.


Zelphon
Drifta, Mag, Grakos and Salashar were aboard their ship. 
Drifta said, “The ship seems empty without Ros. She might not want to come back.”
Salashar completed another diagnostics check and powered down. “Her baby is this ship. Return will she.”
Grakosdrak wasn’t so sure. “Not an enforcer is she. No need to put her life on the line.”
Maglissa said, “Not a war ship is this. Two little plasma cannons are a threat to nobody.”
Drifta said, “She has something we don’t. A friend who has extraordinary power.”
“Again,” said Grakos. “An enforcer he is not. Not even a human now.”
“Why then are we still here?” said Maglissa. “Return to Consolon say I.”
“We have had that conservation,” said Drifta. “The four of us have a lot of experience to offer. Okay, not on this ship perhaps, but we can be useful on a better armed ship.”
“Not enforcers are we,” snapped Mag. 
Drifta wasn’t having that. “So we do what, Mag? Return to Consolon and ask those nice people from Earth to leave us alone? Even if we could, I’d not go home. If I can be at all useful, I will.”
Even Grakosdrak could see that logic. “Right is he, Mag. What we hold dear we must fight for. Sal?”
“I stay. Have to do this, Mag.”
Being on a ship wasn’t Mag’s natural environment as it was for the others. She felt as if someone had robbed her of building her home and her life with her husband. Even if they wanted to, the means to go home wasn’t available. 
“I know. Just let me loose on those doing this.”
“I’ll be right there with you.”
They all turned as one to see Lovibeme walk onto the flight deck.
“To see you well is good,” said Mag, giving the captain a welcoming hug.
Lovibeme said, “I heard some of what you were saying. I’ve just left Commander Zaxtormon. This isn’t general knowledge, but we are probably the underdogs in this fight. In a few days the Earth humans will be here and we’ll need all the experienced people we can get. That includes civilians.”
Grakosdrak said, “Zax putting pressure on us?”
“No, not at all. But you hit the nail on the head, Grakos. What we hold dear we must fight for. Your chance to do that will be here soon. Ready to kick ass?”
Drifta cocked a thumb at his wife. “Just throw Mag at them and we’ll be just fine.”
Mag jabbed him in the ribs with her elbow. “Practice on you first shall I.”
Salashar said, “Captain. Give us Rosfordos back and bigger guns and we’ll be ready.”
Suddenly, strange noises were heard of activity on the hull of the ship.
“Funny you should say that,” said Lovibeme. “Two new cannons are now being fitted.” She turned to go. “Oh. Ros will be with you tomorrow morning. Have fun.” 

Chapter 66


It was the proudest day of his life. Alexander Smith had triggered the event and it was nothing short of spectacular. Five ships on five continents took off from their secret hidden bases. Staff at legitimate space centres could only watch in stunned silence as their satellites relayed the images to their monitors. The operation could have only been possible by collusion at the highest level. And he, Alexander Smith, had made it possible. The irony was that his own ill health meant he remained Earthbound. He had only months to live but that would be enough to see his lifelong dreams come true. When his time came he could die happy in the knowledge that finally the superiors would dominate the impure races. These lesser beings were there to be used and, when necessary, eradicated. 
As he stood alone he watched the huge screens and laughed aloud. “Go, you brave young people. Go to the stars. Forge a true path. Go my friends.”
It no longer mattered what became of him. His place in history was assured. From the lead ship a signal would be sent to Jorgon in two days’ time before they entered the mysterious split. The superior race there would spring their trap and take over their own planet from the weak living in their blissful ignorance. 
There was still much to do on Earth but regardless of what happened next, even if he died sooner than expected, even if those around the world were arrested, the ships would continue on their mission. Other ships waited, hidden, ready to transport more of the chosen few. He had planned it this way. All involved on Earth understood and accepted the risks and continued their work aware that at any time they would be picked up and incarcerated. This had always been about the bigger picture.


And it was just over two days later that the super-boosted, code encrypted signal was received by Commander Lok’jarvahls. “Captain Sen’latorl. Free our Regal!”
“Yes, Sir.”
The highly organised resurgence began. The old guard, former slave masters, had become model citizens. Indeed some of them enjoyed the way life was in the main city and the satellite towns and villages around it. They integrated with former slaves, worked alongside them and even forged relationships. On the surface this new life was something to be cherished and nurtured. Oh, there were indeed times when old scores were settled—brutal slave masters turning up dead in most unpleasant ways—but as time went on, these incidents became so rare that recalling the last death became difficult. It was still early days but generally life was good. 
For many, however, there was that closely-guarded knowledge of the vast underground base, much of it carved out by the blood sweat and tears of a broken, beaten and abused underclass—the slaves. 
The masters knew no other way of living and for the lower classes of slave master, they were often a whim of somebody higher up in the system to be on the wrong side of that divide and become a slave themselves. For many the choice was simple. Be meaner and more brutal or be on the receiving end of the lash.
Generations of that mentality became too ingrained to shift. The signal came, hidden stashes of weapons were gathered up and distributed, but oh so quietly. Their were two main goals. One. Take and secure the city. Two. Release the Regal and restore him to his proper place. 
They didn’t march as an army to storm the palace because there was no need to. Just gather slowly, smiling and waving at everyone as they quietly surrounded the city centre and the palace, weapons hidden, as they waited for the signal. 
It wasn’t entirely unnoticed. A few of the older slaves felt something out of place. Too many of the slave masters were recognisable and when so many were clustered together, it seemed odd. Wrong. Murmurings and whisperings, one old slave sharing a suspicious look with another. They reckoned if they could smell slave masters before, the stink was getting really bad now. 
“Hey,” one called out. “What’s going on there?” 
From under a cloak a weapon was produced and the former slave lay dead with his face in the dirt and his blood and brains oozing out. Hell broke out as thousands of weapons discharged as one, People fled or tried to, bodies falling, so many, so quickly, it was impossible to walk without treading on one. 
As people rushed to the city walls, they discovered they were caught in a deadly trap—more armed masters waited for them. A volley of shots were aimed above their heads as a warning, and some heeded that warning and stopped, standing still, but many others, panicking and terrified, ran and paid the price. 
Then the weapons ceased firing and one young woman dropped to her knees, her hands on her head hoping for mercy. One by one the others did the same. The masters knew they would need these slaves. For what use is a slave master without slaves? Their first job would be to bury the dead. 
A handful of the old slaves, their bodies a mass of scars, would rather be dead than suffer once more. This bunch of old cripples charged defiantly at the city wall and were blasted to pieces.
Jalmortlov Mil’ferid, Gotloskad and Parzandor were sick to their stomachs at what they had seen. Over two hundred unarmed men women and children slaughtered, their bodies a carpet of bloody flesh upon the ground. 
“We must call the Alliance while we still can,” said Jalmortlov.
“We must hurry,” said Parzandor, already on his way to the communications room.   
Jalmortlov was about to follow but Gotloskad grabbed his arm. “No. We only have a minute or less.” She slammed the heavy door shut, her brother sliding the bolts in place on the other side. “We have to do all we can to buy him time.”
Jalmortlov returned to his old chair, his heart broken at the thought of so many people murdered for no good reason. The regal would no doubt have him executed and that was preferable to living with so much sadness. Death would be more preferable to once more being a slave. Gotloskad sat by his side, holding his hand, sharing his grief.
The door burst open as Regal Melnovlor Lum’mitwox entered with four armed masters, the regal last in case there was anyone with weapons ready to shoot him. The escort saw only a sad old man and a young woman. 
“On your knees before the regal, slaves,” bellowed one.
“Never,” said Gotloskad. “Just get it over with.”
“With pleasure.” He aimed the weapon at Jalmortlov’s head. 
“No!” called the regal. “Not that way. Jalmortlov. I haven’t seen you for a very long time. You should have called on me. We could have talked about old times.”
“We have been busy rebuilding our world into one of peace for all. Does it make you proud to have destroyed that once again?”
The regal replied, “You poor deluded fool. You live under the illusion we are all the same whereas the reality is we are far from that.”
Gotloskad said, “Which gives you justification for slaughter? You are sick in the head.”
This brought a backhander across her face from one of the regal’s men, but Gotloskad wiped the blood off her lips and just stared back at the man. His hand was raised again but the regal ordered him to stop.
“And there we have it, Jalmortlov,” said the regal. “Superiority is more about the power of the mind than force. This man believes himself to be superior to you two therefore he is.”
“There’s somebody in here,” said another master, trying the door to the communications room. “Locked on the inside.”
The man tried brute force to open the door, but again the regal intervened. “Come out or there will be two more dead slaves in here.”
The bolts slid back and Parzandor stepped into the room. His anger almost boiled over as he saw the blood on his sister’s face but he said and did nothing more than glare at the regal. Then he glanced at Jalmortlov and nodded, the message for help having been sent. 
“Lock them away,” ordered the regal. “I will address my people very soon, but first I must look the part. These peasant’s rags are woefully inadequate for this very auspicious occasion. Keep them under guard until I give you further orders. Any resistance, cut off the legs and arms of the girl and let them watch her die.” He tapped one master on his shoulder to follow him, the other three to deal with the prisoners. 

Chapter 67


Chief of Staff Elisa Warrington had been pouring herself a particularly expensive and pleasant glass of red wine, savouring its bouquet, the first sip lingering on her lips when the door hissed open. That it had opened at all was surprising enough. That it was President Georgina West entering her apartment was a real shock. The antique crystal glass wobbled slightly in her hand and it was a real effort to maintain her composure. 
“Madame President. What a…a…”
“A pleasant surprise?”
“I could have sworn I’d set the door security.”
“You had.” West crossed the cream deep piled carpet to the window. “A terrific view from here. A very nice penthouse.”
“It works for me. Can I pour you a glass?”
“Not just now. I see you’ve spent quite a lot of money doing up the place.”
“The carpets were an outrageous price.”
“I’m sure I would be paranoid about spilling red wine on it. The lead lining for the walls were an interesting addition. Or at least for one corner of the apartment.”
“Lead? Why would I do that?”
“David,” West called out. “Enter.”
David Johnston and his twenty seven technicians in white coveralls, latex gloves and blue covers for their boots filed in, most of them carrying large aluminium cases which they set down on the floor and opened. Three security officers with shoulder holsters watched Warrington like hawks. 
West pulled the stunned woman to one side, the wine glass dropping to the floor, the carpet being stained for the first time.
“Oopsie! Shame about that,” said West. 
Several of the team were concentrating on one particular corner of the apartment. There was no obvious door but Johnston wasn’t about to let a detail like that get in their way. “There should be a little sensor hidden away around here…” He moved a small framed photograph aside. “Here we go.” A meticulously disguised sensor was pressed and the door slid open. He glanced inside then stepped aside as the well trained technicians had no need for his input. “Nothing but the best for this one, Madam President.”
“Anything to cause a problem?” West asked. 
“Reasonably sophisticated, but not good enough to trouble the team.”
Warrington was now in one of her red leather armchairs, apparently unconcerned with the activity. “Too little too late, Georgina.”
West crossed to the chair, leaning with both hands on the arm of it. She had her face almost touching that of Warrington’s. “Is that so?” With remarkable speed her hand moved and she had a tight grip on her ear. Warrington squealed in pain and tried to pull the grip off her ear but West intensified her pressure, her nails digging in deep. West pulled the woman to her feet, blood oozing through her fingers. “I strongly suggest you cooperate.”
“Go to hell.”
“I’ll meet you there.” It was a straight wicked punch to Warrington’s nose and she dropped unconscious to the floor. “Thanks for those boxing lessons, Gramps.”
David Johnston had seen the punch. “Remind me not to piss you off, Madam President.”
The three officers with the holsters also carried handcuffs and in seconds Warrington was cuffed and gagged.
“Mister Johnston?” one asked.
“Don’t need her. Take her away.”
As Warrington was being carried away, one of the technicians came out of the high-tec once hidden room. “We have full computer access. All their files on everyone all over the world. Some real surprises on there.”
“I bet,” replied West. “And the ring leader?”
“A fascist called Alexander Smith. English.”
“Shut them all down.”
Teams of trusted primed and prepped security agencies in nineteen countries around the globe were given the information they needed, including for Alexander Smith, and were galvanised into action.
“A good night’s work, Madam President,” said Johnston.
On her way to the door to leave, West said, “But like the bitch said, probably too little too late.”  

Chapter 68


Zaxtormon’s excited expression told Domtavora all he needed to know.
“I know that look. Jorgon?”
“Oh, yes. A few minutes ago we had a message from Parzandor. A bloody massacre from a slave masters’ uprising. A carnage.”
“It was always a possibility. Jalmortlov Mil’ferid is an official ambassador to the Alliance and as such we have a binding responsibility to him. You get going, I’ll sort things out with the Council.”
“Lovibeme is preparing two ships right now. Take off in fifteen minutes.”
“You’re not going with her?”
“She has more than enough firepower to take out the underground base now. I’m taking three ships to get in place to deal with the invaders. With the base flattened, it should confuse the invaders long enough to give us an edge. I hope.”
“Is that all our ships?”
“One rearmed ship is still here. Rosfordos and her crew have agreed to protect Zelphon if it comes to that.”
“Rosfordos is fully recovered?”
“The doctor wasn’t too happy about it but Ros jumped at the chance. Grakos is in a foul mood and wants to blow something up.”
Domtavora asked, “Those ships from Earth. Assuming the inside information from Ros holds true, when should they get here?”
“Depending where they leave the split, two to three full days.”
Domtavora knew the odds could still be stacked against them. He stood and went over to Zax and shook his hand. “We have the very best possible people for the job. Good luck, Zax.”
“You too, old friend.” 
And then he was gone, only to find four Earth humans waiting outside his office.
“Everything okay?” he asked. “Only I am very busy right now.”
“Which is why we are here,” said Withers. “Everybody is doing their bit to fight the invaders. We want to help with that.”
“Come inside. Take a seat.”
As they so, a call came through for the Commander. “Zaxtormon. Yes. I’ll be there soon. Hold my calls. Carry on. Thank you.” He looked at the four. “You see how it is.”
“I’ll get right to the point,” said Withers. “We want to be involved.” 
“All our ships are fully staffed. Putting you on a ship wouldn’t achieve anything but adding to the casualties if the ship is hit.”
Lan Yang said, “We get that. But there must be something we can do?”
Zax was famous for his plain talking and he was struggling to find a diplomatic response. “Let me ask you a question. If the Alliance was about to invade Earth with ill intent, and four Alliance people were living on Earth, would you trust them to fight off their own kind?”
Romero said, “Is that it? You don’t trust us?”
“Strange as it may sound, but yes, I do trust you. If I placed you in some of our ground defence forces, would the others trust you? I’m not so sure and you could be a distraction when we can least afford one. You see my problem?”
They had of course debated this amongst themselves, so the response from Zaxtormon wasn’t really unexpected.
“Now I really have to go. My ship is about to take off.”
As Zax stood to leave, Farmer asked, “But couldn’t we…”
Withers shut him up. “The commander has to go, Joe. Thank you, Sir. If we get the chance to be helpful we shall.”
“I appreciate that.”
“Good luck, Sir.” 

Chapter 69


Back on Earth, the remote, fortified home and command centre had been surrounded within eighty minutes of the local forces receiving the data from the USA. Alexander Smith relaxed at his desk, watching the action on his monitors. Three troop-carrying helicopters had landed, two on the expanse of lawns at the front and one blocking the lane to the rear. More arrived minutes later by road and a ring of fully armed officers in combat gear took their positions surrounding the main house and outbuildings. Three smaller vehicles arrived and several tactical experts and decision makers with their laptops and tablets alighted and congregated between the vehicles.
Smith touched a button on his desk. “Good afternoon.” This echoed from speakers outside. “Anything I can do for you?”
One megaphoned voice replied, “Alexander Smith. Come outside now.”
“I’m just about to have a cup of tea. And a biscuit. Care to join me? Not everyone of course. I don’t have enough biscuits for that.”
There was a delay and Smith smiled imagining the conversation. He focussed his cameras on the huddle with the laptops. One shrugged and pointed his megaphone. 
“What sort of biscuits?”
“Oh, a very nice assortment. I’m quite partial to custard creams myself. I’ll put the kettle on.”
Another shrug and four from the huddle accompanied by six armed officers approached the house. One tried to find a door handle but there was none. He was about to knock when the door swung silently open.
“I’m in the room directly ahead of you.”
Another door opened wide automatically and they joined Smith who waved a hand at several chairs. 
“Please make yourselves comfortable and help yourselves to tea and biscuits.”
Apart from the armed officers, they did just that. Then they saw the two portraits behind Smith. One of Adolf Hitler in his uniform and one with Smith in an identically framed portrait in a similar uniform and pose. The biscuits were tossed back on the desk. Because of those four agents, one was black, one Jewish and one of mixed race. The fourth was a white man no less offended than his colleagues.
“You’re alone?” asked the white agent. 
“Oh, come now. Your heat detecting scanners have already told you I’m alone. I much prefer social distancing these days, following that pandemic a few years ago. Just the occasional local meeting now and then.” He set the cup and saucer on the desk. “How may I help you?”
There came several sideways glances, Smith’s unruffled demeanour unexpected. 
“We are with M I seven,” said the black man, an undisguised look of loathing on his face. “We want you to help us with our enquiries.”
Smith leaned forward, obviously enjoying the experience. “My, my. M I seven. A new one on me. Am I under arrest?”
From an inside pocket, the Jewish man retrieved the warrant. “This means you come with us now.” He pointed to a door by the side of the monitors. “Your computers in there?”
Another button opened that door. “Be my guest.” Smith slipped a card across the desk. “All the access codes. We’re all prepared and expecting this. But note that we have already changed the future.”
“By sending a handful of space ships billions of miles away?” the white man asked.
Another wry smile from Smith. “Not everything we’ve accomplished is on the computers. And that’s all I’m going to say on the matter.”
From under the desk Smith retrieved an old fashioned revolver and before the armed officers could react he pointed it at his own head and pulled the trigger. A spray of blood and brains splattered the seated men. 

Chapter 70


With full pomp and ceremony, Regal Melnovlor Lum’mitwox, in his finest official finery and surrounded by his entourage and led by armed masters, proudly made his way slowly along the city streets, waving at his cheering citizens. Most of the dead had been cleared away by the new slaves. Outside the city walls land had been quickly cleared and the mass grave was still being filled.
Handcuffed and chained together, Jalmortlov, Gotloskad and Parzandor followed the Regal, armed masters goading them with every step. 
Lum’mitwox climbed the steps to one viewing platform on top of the wall. The chains of Jalmortlov, Gotloskad and Parzandor were held by masters, and they stood at the side of the Regal. Lum’mitwox looked out of the city at the graves. Slaves stopping to mourn their dead felt the power whips motivating them back to work. 
“Happy days, Jalmortlov,” said the Regal. “Things will soon be back to normal.”
Jalmortlov’s face was set in a sombre frown. He looked at the sickening sight below him but he also stared at the sky where he hoped that soon the ships of the Alliance enforcers would save his people.
The Regal turned to face the growing crowds of the higher classes, and the wave of a hand started a chant of his name. The noise increased in volume, his name resonating throughout the city. Finally he hushed the ruling class.
“My people…”
A tumultuous cheering ensued.
“As we all expected, our day has come. Once again our superiority has prevailed and our rightful status has been restored!”
More cheering.
Lum’mitwox waved a hand towards the three captives. “Jalmortlov kept his authority only by the interfering Alliance.”
Booing and jeering.
“But those days are over. Slave camps will reopen. The mines and fields will be worked again by the slaves. The masters will make sure of that. So put the slaves to work and then we shall celebrate our return to power!”
“Execute Jalmortlov,” a master cried out. Others took up the call.
Lum’mitwox silenced them with a raised hand. “Your Regal has always been a benevolent ruler. Jalmortlov once spared my life. I will return the favour. These three will remain as symbols of our return to power. That is my ruling on this matter. Now my people. Return to your duties and fill the slave camps again.”
With a final cheer the people dispersed. To a master the Regal said, “Lock these slaves away. I want every high ranking master at the palace in one hour.”
“Yes, Regal.”
With his personal guard, the Regal hurried down the steps to return to his palace. 

 Chapter 71


Zaxtormon relished being busy but he was starting to feel as if he were in a whirlwind gathering momentum. He was onboard Grakosdrak’s ship with Salashar, Rosfordos, Drifta and Maglissa. 
“Quite a weapons upgrade you’ve had, Grakos. Who’s on the cannon?”
“Cannon duties shared between us three,” replied Grakos, with a nod towards his daughter Maglissa and Drifta. 
“And have you had any practice time?”
Drifta said, “Simulator only. Pretty realistic though.”
“Not the same as in actual combat,” said Maglissa. 
“Best we can do, I’m sorry to say,” said Zax. 
Salashar said, “Targets moving at great speed are not as easy as simulator targets. Have no idea from where they are in space do we.”
Zax said, “Thanks to Rosfordos’s information from Earth we do have an element of surprise. They aren’t aware we are onto them which gives us an advantage. There’s something else. Salashar, remember your first time in a split?”
Salashar’s rolling of her eyes retold of those early memories. “A nightmare. No idea what we were doing and that we survived the experience but still not know how do I.”
“Exactly,” replied Zax. “This is brand new technology to those on Earth. There’s every chance they will not even survive the trip.”
Drifta said, “Even now, using the splits is as more about luck than judgement. Alliance ships exit the splits approximately where intended about eighty five percent of the time. There’s a whole science around it.”
“And that’s my point,” said Zax. “Their inexperience is to our advantage. We have a rough idea when they should leave the split and their intended destination: Jorgon. They’ll be planning to join forces with the masters before hitting Zelphon and Consolon. The other Alliance planets are too far away for them to focus on.”
Rosfordos added, “They have no idea we are onto them. Another advantage. And if Captain Lovibeme is successful taking out the base, we should win this.”
“That’s the power of positive thinking,” said Zax. “Time to go. Good luck.” 

Chapter 72


Lovibeme and her crew were suited up for take-off. She stood with Rosfordos in the shadows of their ships, final checks complete. 
“I see Grakosdrak pacing up and down,” said Lovibeme. “As keen as ever. He hates all this hanging around. Salashar will keep him in check when we take off.”
“I’m glad we are off to Jorgon rather than trying to guess where we should be going, like Commander Zax is.” Rosfordos said. “At least we know where our target is. Do you anticipate any problems hitting that base on Jorgon?”
“I anticipate problems on any mission. A tip from me, though. Don’t overthink it. Don’t let yourself be dreaming up scenarios otherwise it will sap your energy. The coolest gaffer that ever flew a ship is Salashar. Follow her lead.”
“I will. Good luck.”
“You too. Hey. Come here. I know I can’t compete with a man made of light and energy, but you can’t blame a girl for trying.” Before Ros could reply, Lovibeme planted a warm kiss on her lips. “We’ll celebrate with that wine when it’s all over.”
Still recovering from her surprise, Ros found herself replying, “You’re on.”
They shared a moment, much more said with their eyes. But the time for talking was over. Now was the time for action. They separated to go to their respective ships and ascended the ramps which closed up behind them. Minutes later, Lovibeme, with Ros in the second ship, lifted off, and once the area was clear, three more ships commanded by Zaxtormon also took off. A small army of Space Centre staff were behind the scenes, coordinating the mission. Everyone on Zelphon had been involved at some level or other. 
Ground Forces had always been lightly budgeted as an outfit unlikely ever to be really tested. Monumental efforts had seen them grown in numbers with volunteers and any weapon capable of taking potshots at any invading ships were now being prepared. They were still little more than a token force but were totally dedicated and committed nonetheless. 
Two pip Captain Jostolanta, retired, groomed within an inch of his life and sporting a resplendent moustache, had once served with a young, green officer called Zaxtormon back in the old days. He hadn’t waited for the call to duty but had been hammering on the commander’s door as soon as he had been aware of impending events. In his old uniform and armed with charts, plans, strategies and unshackled enthusiasm, it had been a full five minutes before he had finally let Zax get a word in edgeways.
“Captain Jos. You have my full support, authorisation and gratitude. Recruit anyone you need and be as ready as you can.”
The old two pip captain beamed, saluted, gathered up his stuff then marched away on his mission.
Zax had chuckled to himself and said, “A hundred like Jos and the invaders won’t know what hit them.”
So when four fresh volunteers approached Captain Jos wanting to help, Jos was for once lost for words. Like everyone else in the Alliance, he had heard all about these strange ‘aliens’. 
“You want to help?” he said finally, still needing convincing.
Withers said, “We have much technical training and are fit and keen. We’re ready to help.”
Jos paced back and forth as he looked the four up and down. He considered himself to be a very good judge of character and this had served him well all his life. These four looked quite different, not only from his people but even from themselves. A large black man. A white woman. The Asian woman and Italian man perplexed him but he could see they almost completed the diversity of Earth in this little group. And yet they acted as one and clearly got along. 
“Like many, I have followed your life on Consolon, just as a passing interest, you understand. Now from what I gather, you have all integrated rather well into our society and you lead full and productive lives. My kind of people. Oh, yes. I don’t mind admitting. My kind…Well. Just saying. That said, you are of the people about to invade us. So I ask you this.” He squared up to each in turn, and scrutinised them with what he assumed passed as his evil eye. “Could you shoot down a ship full of Earth humans?”
Four strong voices were emphatic. “Yes, Captain.”
“Then consider yourselves recruited. I’ll ensure the others give you a fair chance. However, at the first instance of you proving yourselves untrustworthy, I will shoot you all myself. Do we understand each other?”
“Yes, Sir.”
“Excellent. Now let’s get busy.”


Five ships with weapons upgrades took off, two led by Lovibeme to Jorgon, three led by Zaxtormon ready for action between Jorgon, Consolon and the invisible split. Advanced detection systems would help with the latter, but in the vastness of space they were after very tiny needles in very big haystacks. It was a two days’ flight  to reach Jorgon without the splits but still at close to light speed.
Lovibeme was the gaffer of both ships, but not the pilot of her own ship. Before take off they had studied every inch of the underground base, using the information gleaned from their previous surveillance mission. Lovibeme had led many missions with Zaxtormon and he knew there was nobody finer for this one. With all his reservations about Grakosdrak and his crew, he had every confidence that they would follow the orders of Lovibeme to the letter.
On the flight outside any splits at close to light speed, the two ships refrained from contact with each other and Zelphon. The strike on the slave masters’ base was to be from a fast fly over and bombardment from plasma cannons. There was no intention to land except as a last resort.  


On Jorgon, the old order was being swiftly returned to power. Some of this old order had begun to appreciate the new way was a better way of life with its freedoms and had at first resisted the reversal. Unfortunately there was no middle ground and it paid to consider the consequences and repercussions well.
Initially it became a simple matter of identification. Who were the slaves? Who were their masters? The scarred bodies of the slaves of old identified them as indelibly as a tattoo. Most had also been branded. As for the slave masters, as they donned their old uniforms they could feel the authority and power surging once again through their veins. 
The mines were reopened, fields were ploughed and tilled. All the hard, unpleasant work such as burying the men, women and children slaughtered in the slave master uprising. With masters standing over them, power whips at hand, the slaves could do no more than deposit the dead into unmarked graves with a sickening thud as one body was dropped onto a dozen more beneath it.
Jalmortlov Mil’ferid stood alone on a balcony of the palace, under no illusion that although he was locked in this room, access to the balcony was a deliberate choice by the Regal. It served two purposes. One, as it did at that moment, it allowed him a view of the city below and the subjugation of his people. Two, at the whim of the Regal, he could be dragged out so the those below could see him in the rags of a slave. He was a symbol, a token of the old order’s victory in retaking Jorgon. 
Jalmortlov leaned on the balcony wall and stared down at the ground some sixty feet below. For a moment he seriously considered throwing himself to the ground. At least that way he would no longer be a trophy of the Regal and the masters’ victory. But Jalmortlov knew the twisted mind of the Regal would devise a way of somehow making his death into some kind of another victory for the masters.
No. Alive there was always a chance, some possibility that one day he would once again see the liberation of his people. So instead of peering down at the hard ground below with the means to end his life by diving off the balcony, he looked up into the almost cloudless blue sky. As the slight breeze fanned his wrinkled old face he dared to wonder if, from out there, the salvation of his people would come. It was this single hope that kept him going. He retreated into his room, closing the balcony twin doors on the sadness of the outside world. 

Chapter 73


The ship’s computers were pre-programmed with the precise coordinates of the underground base. The plan of attack was as simple as it could be to assure success. Although the two ships still had several millions of miles to go, Jorgon lit up the vast screen on the flight decks.
Lovibeme was to strike first, skimming over the ocean then across the land to appear from behind a range of mountains and unleash the awesome power of the plasma cannons. This would probably do limited damage apart from the thick covering of the base. Salashar and Rosfordos had one of their twin cannons preset, but the second was controlled by Maglissa who had proved a better shot than Drifta in the simulations. Drifta was at the pre-programmed weapon, but ready to go to manual if the computer aided strikes failed to get the desired results. After both ships had struck once, they were to take themselves well out of range of return fire and reassess the situation.  
Pilot Nolftakusil informed Lovibeme, “Thirty five minutes to the target at this speed, Captain.”
“Hold this speed.” 
Sergeant Balcobardok headed up the cannon team, but he was strictly following Lovibeme’s command to take over the controls only on her orders. Lovibeme could feel the familiar crackle of energy from her crew and herself. They all fed off it, their senses heightened as the excitement grew. Lovibeme, Balcobardok and the pilot Nolftakusil were experienced trained professionals who understood the process and more importantly, knew how to contain and control it. This was what kept them alive. Along with them were three relatively new recruits, trying desperately to hide their nervousness.
“Take no unnecessary risks.”
Pilot Nolftakusil said, “You said something, Captain?”
“Just thinking aloud. Zax…Commander Zaxtormon’s usual little speech. He’s right of course.” Lovibeme strapped herself in in the co-pilot’s seat. “This is going to test your flying skills to the limit, Nol.”
“The really tricky bit is at the end at the mountain range. And that’s assuming they aren’t shooting at us.”
“We can’t rule anything out. The flyover is calculated at one point eight seconds. You’ll take us straight out into space after that.”
Nolftakusil said, “They couldn’t have developed anything we don’t know about, could they Captain?”
“You have a very special talent for asking impossible questions.”
“What can I say. It’s a gift. Nine minutes. Buckle up back there.”
Jorgon loomed large on their screens. The main ocean covered fifty four percent of the surface, and as they approached, that was almost all they could see. With no communication between the two ships, Lovibeme could only hope Rosfordos and Salashar were following their lead precisely as they entered atmosphere. They experienced a slight crackling of the outer marsillion coated shell and the usual strange sensation as Nolftakusil levelled the ship at one hundred feet above the ocean. 
“That was interesting,” whispered the ice cool pilot.
“I’ll take your word for it,” Lovibeme whispered back. “I had my eyes closed.”
“Me, too.”
Already they could see land on the horizon. The timer on the bottom of the screen told them eighty seconds to the target. The following ship was ten seconds behind them. Drifta reached across and squeezed Maglissa’s hand, then concentrated totally on the controls. They were both primed to act and react. 
“Forty five seconds,” said Drifta softly. Behind them on the third cannon was Grakosdrak who was aware of nothing beyond the screen in front of him. Grakos had exactly the same outside view as Drifta and Maglissa and didn’t have the more expansive view of the landscape as Salashar and Rosfordos. They could just make out the lead ship as they followed the terrain, trees flattened in their wake. The final seconds flashed by.


Commander Lok’jarvahl’s slight smile gave nothing away as he watched Captain Hibinlog Sen’latorl’s young but dedicated team in the control centre in the underground base. Sen’latorl had spent months readying them for this do or die moment. Their own screens and tracking systems had been following the two Alliance ships and now it was time.
“Now!” said Sen’latorl. 
On the ships the computers’ timers hit zero and the attack on the base began. Except it didn’t. 
Rosfordos could hardly get the words out. “They’re down.”
Lovibeme’s ship hadn’t crashed or exploded, but was being held in remotely controlled orbit over the base, slowing down. 
“Cancel our strike!” yelled Salashar, knowing that their own weapons would obliterate the lead ship.
“Dragging us in somehow,” said Rosfordos as she could feel their own ship trying to resist the pull of the base.
Grakosdrak thumped the controls in frustration. “Get us out of here.”
Which was precisely what Salashar and Rosfordos were battling to do. They had a split second of warning as they witnessed the fate of the lead ship, and their own ship had just enough power to veer away from the base and as they gained speed they raced away out of atmosphere into space.
“What just happened?” Drifta asked. 
Rosfordos said, “We don’t know, but I think we’re in trouble.” 

Chapter 74


The highly resourceful Lovibeme for once felt completely helpless. All she and her crew could do was to sit tight and have their ship remotely controlled by those in the underground base. Pilot Nolftakusil gave up wrestling with the unresponsive controls as the ship hovered then gently landed on top of the base mound. Then she almost jumped out of her skin as a metallic booming sound rang through the ship.
Regaining her composure she said, “I think somebody just knocked on the door.”
Lovibeme said, “Then we should open the door, if we can.”
Nolftakusil could see a few of the ship’s controls were now lit up and she pressed the sensor that operated the main rear hatch. A slight breeze wafted in then they heard an amplified voice:
“Disembark! Carry no weapons. Any foolish acts will be your last.”
Having no choice, Lovibeme led her crew down the ramp of the open hatch. They were surrounded by at least thirty masters in uniforms, each one aiming a weapon at them. One female stepped forward.
“Follow me.”
With masters all around them, they crossed the top of the base until they reached an opening some ten feet high by fifty across. This was clearly the main entrance. Once inside the entrance closed up again, and from the outside it was indistinguishable from the natural landscape. Inside, the vastness of the complex was impressive. The crew were marched down the ramp to a central hub from which branched several other large rooms and corridors. 
“Halt,” said the woman leading them.
Sergeant Balcobardok said, “Quite an imp…”
“Silence!”
From one room, a man and a woman emerged and with almost exaggerated calmness and approached them. The tall, confident man stood back as the female master approached.
“Captain Lovibeme. You are something of a legend.”
Lovibeme said nothing and just stared straight into the eyes of her adversary.
Undaunted, the master said, “I am Captain Hibinlog Sen’latorl. This is Base Commander Lok’jarvahl.” She selected six of the armed guards to stay and dismissed the others. “Commander Lok’jarvahl has generously decided to spare your lives for the time being. However, become a nuisance and you will be disposed of.”
It was that expression, ‘be disposed of’ as if they were considered worthless that chilled Lovibeme’s bones. She still said nothing.
Sen’latorl strode smartly over to her commander and they engaged in a whispered conversation. Returning to her prisoners she said, “A place has been prepared for you. Food will provided in due course.” A nod to one of her guards had the Alliance crew being smartly marched away. 


Static in space, Drifta and the crew were still recovering from the shock of what had happened. “This has been a serious case of underestimating the enemy.”
Salashar agreed. “Plasma cannons and other missiles to defend them yes. Prepared and expecting that were we, but that down there was something completely new.”
Grakosdrak had only one answer to it all. “Go in hard and fast do we. Hit that base hard before they can control the ship will we…”
Maglissa knew that her father’s words came only from anger and frustration. He had to be reined in. “Do not know how close we can get before they control us. And our friends are down there.”
Rosfordos could not contemplate any sort of attack on the base with Lovibeme still in it. “There must be another way.”
Drifta said, “We have to admit the masters have been really clever. They wanted us to attack them all along. Now we have lost a ship and they have gained one which can be used against us.”
Salashar agreed. “Almost had two ships did they.” She knew how close they had been to being captured in the same way. “And Grakos, no. Foolhardy to die for nothing.”
Rosfordos had been thinking further along. “We think the invasion will start here on Jorgon. The masters are welcoming them to join against the Alliance. Now the Alliance already has another fully armed ship to fight and could catch us in the middle of a trap.”
Salashar said, “Think tactically must we to have a chance. What do they think we will do? What are they hoping we will do?”
“Attack,” said Grakos, bluntly. 
“So attack we must not,” said Salashar. 
“But what of the captain and her crew?” Rosfordos asked.
Drifta said, “They are the bait. As long as that is so, they will be kept alive.”
This simple logic made sense. Drifta continued his train of thought. “If the invaders come this way in a day or so, hopefully Zax will be chasing after them. We will already be here to hit the invading ships.”
“So wait for them do we,” said Grakos, waiting being something he didn’t do well.
“Yes,” said Salashar. “We wait.”   


On Jorgon, Commander Lok’jarvahl met with Captain Sen’latorl in his office. “The prisoners are comfortable?”
“Yes, Sir. We are ready for the response of the second ship.”
“I think it’s unlikely, Captain. However, remain vigilant.”
“Sir, I don’t understand?”
“I think they will sit it out and wait for the Alliance ships before taking any action.”
Sen’latorl said, “We almost had their second ship under our control, Sir. Just a few more seconds…”
“Captain. So far the plan has worked brilliantly. To take one ship undamaged was the goal. Had we taken the other ship, that would have been a bonus. Do we have a fix on their position?”
“Yes, Sir. Approximately a half million miles away. Waiting for our friends from Earth I assume.”
Lok’jarvahl looked pleased. “You and your team have excelled yourselves. Although I’m reasonably sure that ship won’t dare attack us, keep that between you and I. I want the others alert in case I’m wrong.”
Slightly bewildered by the commander’s instructions, Sen’latorl saluted and hurried smartly away.
Lok’jarvahl smiled to himself at how well his plans had worked. “Just too beautiful.” 

Chapter 75


Pilot Nolftakusil was the most technically minded of the crew and she had meticulously searched every square inch of their two room cell for surveillance devices. “Clear, as far as I can tell,” although she said it in a whisper all the same.
“Permission to kill the first master I get my hands on, Captain?” Sergeant Balcobardok asked.
“I’d have beaten you to it,” said Lovibeme. “Right. Now listen to me. We do nothing to provoke them. We keep our mouths shut and our ears open. We watch everything they do and how they do it. Should an opportunity come our way we shall take it. Be ready for any eventuality.”
They were all ready and even with her sergeant’s predisposition towards the melodramatic at times, she trusted them to be professionals. 
“Any chance of a rescue?” Balcobardok dared ask.
Lovibeme had been around long enough to have figured some of it out and she called him and her pilot over to a corner of the room. “Not a chance,” she said softly. “And before anyone starts whinging, I’d not try rescuing us either. That’s what they want the Alliance to do, so I’m hoping our people have the brains to stay the hell away. So that gives us a unique opportunity.”
“Which is?” Nolftakusil dared ask.
“Work from inside this place. Had our mission been to infiltrate this base, we would still be trying to find our way in here. But thanks to the personal invitation of the base commander, here we are.”
“Ooh. I already feel so privileged, Captain,” said Balcobardok. “I must mention it next time I write to my mother.”
Apparently it was against the rules to hit your sergeants but Lovibeme did it anyway, just a playful thump to his shoulder. “Last time I spoke to your mother about you she asked who you were, not how you were.”
“Ouch! To which you replied?”
“I told her, no idea. I’ll have to check the records.”
It was all banter and they both knew it. Both were seasoned campaigners and they understood morale was the key to their survival. Nolftakusil was singularly unimpressed with the repartee but it had the desired effect and the three grunts with them became more relaxed too. 
“I am right, yeah?” Lovibeme whispered.
Balcobardok said, “They’ll be waiting for Zax and the invaders.”
“Yeah. A great group. I bought all their records,” said Lovibeme. “What do you think they’ll do to the ship?”
Nolftakusil being a pilot had a special bond with the ship. She couldn’t let herself think of anyone harming her. “This has been in the planning for a long time. My guess is they already have a flight deck simulator here somewhere, and some eager crew is ready to pitch her against the Alliance. Forget the ship. They’ll never let us near her.”
“My thoughts exactly.” Lovibeme glanced over her shoulder and managed a reassuring half smile at the younger members of her crew. Zax had taken her best field enforcers as he didn’t think this was a landing party. Back in the huddle, she quietly asked, “So we’ll not be rescued and we can’t get near our ship.”
“Pretty much,” agreed Nolftakusil.
Balcobardok said, “So. Much ass kicking on the base when we get the chance.”
“Oh, I do like a man with a plan,” said Nolftakusil.
“So do I,” said Lovibeme. “Let me know when you find one. Now smile at the grunts.”
The three turned and faced the three inexperienced grunts and smiled. Not a lot happened but one, a tiny female wondering if a career change was out of the question, managed an awkward smile in return. 

Chapter 76


“Two numbers and the letter B, Sir.”
Zaxtormon’s face said it all. It wasn’t good news from the sergeant. The coded message meant the raid on the Jorgon base had failed and the lead ship A was down. Ship two, B, had sent the message and was probably safe but for some reason unable to assist ship A. His heart sank and his mind was full of Lovibeme. “And the other ship?”
“Nothing on its status, Sir. As we’d suspect if things went wrong. Shall I message them…just in case?”
“No. No.” He paced the floor. Around him the electronics bleeped, flashed and buzzed at him. All demanding his attention. It was all cold hard databases, computers, facts, figures. Anything but flesh, blood, sweat and many tears. Carve it and slice it any way one wished. Lovibeme was in trouble. 
Memories flooded back. They had learned together, in some ways. Yes, he had been promoted to Commander. She had been a young ambitious rookie, smart beyond her years. Had he been blessed with a daughter, he would have wanted her to be as bright as this star. Set to replace him in a couple of years, Lovibeme was a legend in the making. Had it not been for the small matter of an alien invasion, he would have turned the firepower of his fleet of three at that base on Jorgon and ripped it apart. 
“As we have had the message from ship two, lets assume they could be damaged but out of harm’s way. They know our priority is the invasion fleet and that we’ll come to help them as soon as we can. For now, we stay as we were.”
“Yes, Sir. Only my son. He’s on the missing ship.”
“I know. He’ll make a fine officer one day. I’d be as concerned as you are, but the best way to help him is to stop that invasion and get to Jorgon as soon as we can.”
“Yes, Sir.”
His technical and communications officer was diligently at her station. “Anything suspicious from the split yet?”
“No, Sir. If anything is going to happen it should be within the next two hours.”
“Trust me. It will seem much longer.” Leaving the com’s station Zax crossed over to the first pilot. “The second they leave the split, we go after them.”
“Sir. You still think they don’t know we are waiting for them? Considering what happened to Captain Lovibeme’s ship?”
“I’m hoping the base commander assumes the attack is an isolated mission.”
“They might force Lovibeme’s crew to talk. I know she wouldn’t but the younger members of the crew might.”
The sergeant had heard that. “My son wouldn’t talk. He’d die first.”
“Hey, I wasn’t implying…”
“They are here, Sir,” said the com’s officer.
The pilot turned back to his screen, Zax peering over his shoulder. “Nothing here, Sir.”
“Coms?” Zax demanded.
“Nothing here, but…Wait. There, Sir.”
Zax joined her at the communications station. The officer highlighted the signals. Five distinct blips racing for Zelphon. The invading ships. To his pilot he said, “Zelphon, go!”
From a crew just waiting, itching for action, they were all now focused on chasing the alien ships. It had always been a guessing game in anticipating where the Earth ships would emerge from the splits and they had banked it all on the invaders heading to Jorgon to join the masters in a coordinated attack on Zelphon. Heading straight for Zelphon had clearly been the plan all along and Zax had fallen for their trap. The invaders would reach Zelphon first and all that stopped them taking that planet was the ground defence force. 

Chapter 77


Their uniforms were dark blue with only silver and gold embellishments signifying rank. Fleet Commander Admiral Sebastian Maxford had twenty three years of maritime experience before becoming an astronaut with four years in space and two moon landings. One thing he hated above all else were those lily-livered spineless, deceitful politicians of all persuasions. He had been involved with Alexander Smith from his university days and they had bonded from day one. 
Maxford had been a main player in building up the international network of like-minded senior politicians and world leaders gleaned from the collective dross of the majority who were in his opinion, mostly about as impressive as something disgusting accidentally trodden in.
As had Smith, when they had been contacted by the leaders from Jorgon, a most impressive race of people who understood some people were designed by nature to be far superior to the general gene-pool of humanity, it seemed as if nature and the universe had chosen sides. Destiny beckoned.
“No damage reported from any of the fleet, Sir.” He was small, fair-haired and as keen as mustard. 
“The cargo?”
“Safe, Sir. As close to indestructible as possible.”
“And our destination?”
“Two hours at present speed. Three Alliance ships trying to catch up with us. At best they can keep up but not catch up.”
“So far so good. The unknown is the planet’s defences.” He brought up the schematics of the vast sprawling Alliance administration city. “About the same size as the British Isles. Surrounded by ocean apart from a chunk of land joining it to the main landmass. That’s generally forest, jungle and agriculture.”
“One hell of a city, then, Sir. My understanding is that the defences are ringing the city, facing inwards towards space.”
Maxford said, “Yes, but we assume there’s still a significant amount of firepower ready for any attack from any other direction. Thanks to our Jorgon friends, we can handle anything they have.”


Two pip Captain Jostolanta, retired, had only the slightest idea of how the bewildering array of gizmos, technos and whismos actually functioned, but his bearing and pride wasn’t going to let details like that get in his way.
“So.” He selected one part of a monster control system and pointed at it. “I finally see something I’m not familiar with. Care to enlighten me, young man?”
“Right, Sir. See this receptacle here?”
“I may be a couple of years older than you but I’m not blind. Yes, I see it.”
“Sorry, Sir. Well. When this sensor here is pressed, like this, Sir, that receptacle is filled with iced water.”
“Ah! An integrated micro cooling system to maintain a heat sensitive component.”
“Close, Sir.”
“I knew it.”
“It provides a refreshing drink to anyone stuck in here engaged in a defensive situation for prolonged periods.”
“Exactly what I said it was. A cooling system for heat sensitive components. We being the latter.” He slapped the young man on the back. “I’m glad I managed to clear that up for you.”
“Ah… thank you, Sir.”
“Don’t mention it, son. You can’t be expected to know everything.”
Which was the exact moment every alarm on Zelphon activated.
Jostolanta said, “I’d have that cold drink now if I were you. We’re about to get very busy.” 

Chapter 78


Lovibeme never took well to be being physically pushed and prodded and resisting the futile instinct to retaliate sorely tested her. That her crew had been left behind in the cell was a concern but she assumed anything unpleasant was about to happen to her and not the others. If being shunted along by two goons with power whips was the worst of it, she would cope. She had to.
Huge metal doors hissed open and they entered the main office of Commander Lok’jarvahl.
“Three pip Captain Lovibeme. Please take a seat.”
“I’d rather stand.”
A nod and a prod from the guards whips had Lovibeme seated. 
“You see, Captain Sen’latorl. If ever you were wanting an example of exemplary loyalty and bravery, look no further.”
Captain Hibinlog Sen’latorl was already a huge fan of their prisoner. In fact she had modelled herself on the legend seated before her.
“If only she were on our side, Sir.”
If looks could kill, Sen’latorl would have died on the spot. “Enough of this crap,” said Lovibeme, spitting out her response. “Just kill me now and stop trying to bore me to death.”
That only placed Lovibeme on an even higher pedestal for Sen’latorl. She had to remind herself this Alliance captain was the enemy. The physical attraction was pushed aside. This subliminal exchange had been completely missed by Lok’jarvahl.
“Captain Lovibeme. We are not savages here.”
“I’ve seen the scarred, broken bodies of the slaves you tortured. Three days ago hundreds of innocent men women and children were slaughtered right here on Jorgon. And you say you are not savages? This time you will pay the price.”
“Ah!” said Lok’jarvahl. “If I could bottle such spirit, I would be a rich man indeed. Are you hoping to be rescued by your ship out there?”
It was a loaded question and Lovibeme knew it. “They have more important things to do.”
“Hmm, as do we all. Captain Sen’latorl. Our new ship. How is the new crew coming along?”
“Already on a flight inside atmosphere, Sir. Adapting well.”
Lovibeme visibly bristled at the idea of a masters’ crew on her ship, knowing it would be used against her own people sickened her to the core. But she held her council.
Lok’jarvahl continued with his barbed comments. “That old pirate Grakosdrak will be pacing his flight deck in frustration I think. Like your number two ship, I think the Alliance will think twice about returning here. Captain Lovibeme, Grakosdrak and Salashar are such iconic figures. It would be such a shame for them to lose their lives in a pathetic attempt to rescue you. Would you ask them to stay away from here if you had the chance to protect them?”
With a venomous sneer, Lovibeme said, “I look forward to Grakosdrak ripping out your heart with his bare hands.”
Lok’jarvahl sighed, even though the response was as he’d assumed. “Then the death of Grakosdrak and his crew remains on your conscience? Very well, then. Something to reflect on in your cell. Guards. Take her back.”
The guards stepped forward and one made the mistake of placing the tip of his prod too close. Lovibeme took hold of it and yanked the surprised guard, spinning him around, only to have a boot planted on his backside. As he stumbled, Lovibeme grabbed the prod, held it to the floundering guard’s back and soon had him convulsing in agony. The second guard reacted and pounced on Lovibeme, pinning her to the ground with her prod against her throat.
Six other guards poured in and Lovibeme was hauled up to her feet and dragged back to her cell. The injured guard was carried off for medical attention.
“Well, that was interesting, Sir.”
“A valuable lesson, Captain. Poke an Alliance captain too hard, they’ll fight back.”
“Yes, Sir. She is something special.”
Sen’latorl decided she needed some alone time and went to her compact rooms. Completely devoid of decoration, just a handful of personal items stored out of sight, she sat at her desk and opened the computer. Because of her rank she had access to most of the base files. She soon found what she was after. When Lovibeme had led her surveillance team towards the base through the narrow gorge, they had been followed most of the way by the base’s automatic security systems. The Alliance captain could clearly be seen leading her team through rugged terrain, instructing them with hand signals and the occasional whispered command. 
There came that particularly clear image of Lovibeme wriggling over fallen rocks, pausing to see what lay ahead. As she had done many times, Sen’latorl zoomed in on Lovibeme’s face, covered in dirt and camouflage make up, the eyes shining through it all like two bright gems. Sen’latorl froze and enhanced the image until the face filled the entire screen. 
“Perfection. What a woman. Tough, resilient, resourceful. Better than any man could ever be. And beautiful.”
Had anyone discovered her staring at Lovibeme, it would have been assumed it was just getting to know her enemy. In the Masters ideology, what was deemed to be unnatural love was to be discouraged although not considered illegal. Certainly her career would have been harmed. She knew from her studies of the Alliance culture that they believed love was just love and accepted by all.
“How could I love someone I might have to kill one day?” She touched her fingertips to her lips then touched the lips on the screen. Then she turned off the computer and climbed into her lonely bed. 

Chapter 79
 

It had been a steep and intense learning curve for Withers, Farmer, Lang and Romano. Not least was the reluctance from the Alliance Defence Force regulars to accept them and work with them. It was one thing to be told these Earth humans were now part of the ADF, another to actually help them with anything. Two pip Captain Jostolanta, retired, had used what authority and influence he had to help the four integrate into his outfit, but even he had had to accept that trust had to be earned. It was decided this odd four would have a weapons centre to themselves. This suited the four to be their own team, unencumbered by internal wrangling. Fortunately, they had been a unit for a long time and knew well each other’s personalities, strengths and weaknesses. After a short time on the training simulators, they soon passed the point where their instructors weren’t any use, and the four were scoring far above any expectations, including their own. Now at the north west quadrant weapons centre, they had assumed positions best suited to their abilities.
Romano and Lang were on communications, observation and coordination for the firing crew of Withers and Farmer. Withers sat across from Farmer, facing different ways. From their elevated positions, they each had panoramic views of both the city and the regions outside the city. Withers had the better view of the highly populated regions, Farmer had a view of the outlying villages and hamlets and the agricultural areas. Beyond that lay forest, lakes and jungle. Both vistas were beautiful in their own ways. 
Not that they had the luxury of sightseeing too much, instead their attention was on the dull green screens on which enemy ships would appear as fast moving blips. A fully adjustable column came from beneath the screens and control panels with duel hand triggers. Any blips on the screens could be matched by the columns with an offset target predictor that deployed a wide-angled blast of energy at any incoming ship. A direct hit was unnecessary as the blast was to disable the ship, not destroy it. The blast still had to be in the ballpark to be effective and with a ship at speed, it took a high degree of skill to maintain accuracy.  
Withers said, “They’re out of the split, so anytime…”
“Incoming. Incoming.” This was the warning from the underground central defence command centre. 
Lang said, “Coming at speed, this quadrant.”
Five red stars represented the invasion fleet. Blue were Alliance ships which were still too far out to register on the screens.
Romano said, “Still on course. Speed constant. Within our range in seven seconds.”
“A nice convenient bunch,” said Farmer, suspiciously. 
“Be ready for a division,” came the voice of Captain Jostolanta from the hub. “Go for the nearest to you when they separate.”
“Eenie meenie minie moe,” muttered Withers. 
“In range…NOW!” said Farmer. Even as he called it, the five ships fanned out and the speed doubled, individual red stars becoming streaks across the screen. It was never going to be shooting fish in a barrel, the almost indiscernible targets entering the atmosphere to attack the city. The defence ring simply blasted at any likely invader, the constantly changing pattern of lights beyond precise targetting. “It’s like swatting mosquitoes with a feather,” moaned Farmer, still taking shots.   
“They’re over the city,” replied Withers. “Concentrate there...”
Chapter 80


The cell door slid open with a hiss. Lovibeme and her crew stared at the two armed guards flanking Captain Sen’latorl.
“You have all that you need?” Sen’latorl asked.
“Everything but our ship,” said Lovibeme. 
“We’re putting it to good use. Your other Alliance ship is in our airspace. We’ll be encouraging it to move on.”
“Yeah. Grakosdrak might object to that,” said Balcobardok.
“That’s why I’m here. To offer an alternative to fighting.”
Lovibeme replied, “You’re the ones who should be worried. If you know of Grakosdrak and Salashar, you’ll know they are probably the two most experienced gaffers and pilots ever to have flown a ship.”
Sen’latorl smiled and said, “You’re forgetting one thing. They know we have you as our captives. If they ever want to see you all alive again, they need to cooperate.”
Lovibeme stood and faced Sen’latorl, her crew watching on. “I’ve seen things and done things you can’t even imagine. I’ve been an enforcer for fifteen years, five as a three pip captain. If you think a slip of a girl like you can intimidate me, you are seriously deluded.”
Sen’latorl smiled and kept her composure, but couldn’t deny the tingling of excitement she was getting from this exchange with Lovibeme. “I might be a few years younger but I’ve also seen and done things. Before this base I was second in command of the biggest slave camp on Jorgon. I look forward to having you all in my next camp.”
Lovibeme suddenly launched herself at Sen’latorl but one of her guards reacted fast and the blow to her back with the butt of his weapon had her rolling in pain on the floor. The guard was about to strike again with Lovibeme’s crew about to pounce and retaliate, until the second guard fired a warning blast above their heads, a smouldering hole in the wall just above the head of sergeant Balcobardok. Balcobardok was about to dive recklessly at the guard but pilot Nolftakusil grabbed him and pulled him back.
Nolftakusil glared at Sen’latorl and snarled, “If your clowns damage my ship I’ll blast them out the plasma exhausts.”
Ignoring that, Sen’latorl expressed her concern for Lovibeme, still writhing in pain. “To the medical bay now.”
“Go to hell.”
“Not just yet. You. Get her on her feet.”
One guard pulled Lovibeme to her feet as the other kept the crew away, backing out of the cell until the door slid shut. Lovibeme’s pain showed on her face and it was Sen’latorl who helped her along to a small, well equipped infirmary. The highly trained medic was ready for his first patient in weeks.
“Excellent,” he said, “A shooting.”
“Sorry to disappoint you, Tor’daltas,” said Sen’latorl. “Just a bruised back.”
The medic sighed and helped Lovibeme onto a bed and gently turned her over. “Caused by brute force and ignorance, no doubt.”
Sen’latorl withdrew her own hand weapon and the medic backed away with his hands up. 
“I wasn’t serious, Captain.”
“I’m just going to stop her killing you. Shut up and see to your patient. You two outside.”
The guards left and Sen’latorl sat on a chair with the weapon in her hand, resting it on her lap. Tor’daltas tried to ignore her as he examined Lovibeme. “Nothing broken. But it’s right on the spine. An injection of this will knock you out for a couple of hours and also reduce the swelling. Then we can let nature do its work.”
“You can stick that up your backside.”
“Your choice, but in a couple of hours you’ll be screaming for this. Well?”
“Come on now Captain,” said Sen’latorl. “It’s just a little prick.”
“I never go near little pricks.” She looked up at the medic. “Jab me.”
“With pleasure.”
Two hours later, Lovibeme woke up. The medic had gone but Sen’latorl was still there. She went to Lovibeme’s side. “How are you feeling?”
“A slave master who cares. How unique.”
Sen’latorl picked up Lovibeme’s hand. “You are unique, Lov. Your many adventures with the enforcers. You’re a legend throughout the Alliance. With me also.”
She couldn’t remember when she was last called Lov. She stared up into Sen’latorl’s smiling blue eyes and struggled to think of her as the enemy. Snatching her hand away, she eased herself off the bed, almost falling from the effects of the drug but Sen’latorl held her upright. “Steady. Are you alright?”
“This little act of yours won’t work on me.”
Sen’latorl chanced a kiss on Lovibeme’s cheek. “What act? Come on. Back to your friends.”
This was Lovibeme’s opportunity to grab the weapon from Sen’latorl’s holster but the door slid open and the two armed guards put paid to that idea. The pain was easing by the time they reached the cells. Before the doors opened, Sen’latorl stopped their progress, and whispered. “I meant what I said. No need for fighting or killing. You and I could become…friends.”
“In your dreams.”
“Yes, you probably will be.”
The doors opened and Lovibeme walked in unaided, the doors closing again. Doors also opened for Sen’latorl where Lok’jarvahl waited.
“Do you still think this softly softly approach has merit?”
“I think we…connected, Sir. She’s tough and expects the threats and hard line. I think I’ve confused her.”
He turned to face the vast screen where they had a clear view of space. Brighter than the stars was the other Alliance ship. “If we can persuade her to talk the ship down or at least away from here, I’ll believe it then.” He turned to face his captain. “By now the battle for Zelphon is underway. The Earth humans must also deal with the Alliance ships. If we can get our hands on that second ship to use against the Alliance, then victory will be ours. Spend time on Lovibeme, gain her trust.”
“I’ll do my best, Sir.”
“Captain. Time isn’t on our side. If your way doesn’t yield results we’ll return to the tried and tested ways. Hearing the screams of Lovibeme and her crew should have that ship attacking us and we’ll have them in our grasp. Do you understand me, Captain?”
“I…yes, Sir. I’ll keep working on her.”
Sen’latorl took another look at the ship on the screen, an enemy ship. Then she thought of Lovibeme, her face filling her mind. Had there been a glimmer of mutual attraction in those eyes of Lov’s? But it was that look of sheer loathing from Lovibeme that had chilled her to the core, when she had told her she had been second in command of a slave camp. How she regretted that lie now, as she had never been near a slave camp. True, her father had up until he had been killed in the uprising, but she had only ever been a technician for the masters. Her father had taught her as a little girl that being a master was a bad thing, but being a slave was much worse. He'd hated what he did but only did it to keep his family safe. 
Personally, she had never mistreated anyone. The short time following the slave revolt had been the best time she had ever known but some of the masters were determined to restore the old ways and she had been one of those with particular skills useful to run the underground base. She had played her role well enough to be fast tracked to captain, and had lived and worked on the base ever since. 
One of her duties was to monitor the Alliance. That and reading the file records of all the enforcers, finding herself obsessed with Lovibeme in particular. And she had learned what she always suspected was true—the people of the Alliance indeed had a better, peaceful way to live. 
Now she was trapped in this vast tomb and her future had never been so uncertain. She could see no way back to befriend Lovibeme as her deepest desires had longed for. Worse, her boastful lies had only fuelled Lovibeme’s hatred.
It had been a very long day. It was time to sleep, perchance to dream. 

Chapter 81


“Finally!”
The roar from Grakosdrak made a dozing Drifta jump. “Finally what?”
“Come see.”
On the screen in front of Salashar was a poor, distorted image of Zaxtormon. “Recorded this have I. Listen.”
Zaxtormon’s face flickered and his voice would have been indistinguishable if Salashar’s computer hadn’t cleaned up the transmission.
“Hope you get this. Zelphon is und attack. Repeat. …phon is der attack. Our defences are fighting back but the inva ships …through. Much dama…we shall be there to …by the time you get this. If you can, attack the base. Do whatever you…good luck. Over.”
Rosfordos heard the commotion and got out of her bed. “Time for an expert to take over, Drifta.”
Knowing his place in the scheme of things, Drifta gladly let Rosfordos have her seat back. 
“Not messed with anything have you?”
Drifta promised, “I wouldn’t dare. Did you hear…”
“The Gaffer’s voice is still echoing around the ship.”
“Better be good had this,” said Maglissa, yawning as she entered. 
 Rosfordos’s asked, “Do we have a plan, Grakos?”
“Get down there and smash their base to bits do we.”
“Salashar. Do we have a sensible plan? One that doesn’t involve suicide?”
“Seen Lovibeme’s ship in low orbit have we. An enemy training crew for sure. Destroy that ship must we.”
Drifta agreed. “We can be certain Lovibeme’s crew aren’t on it. That ship’s now an enemy ship.”
“With an inexperienced crew,” added Maglissa. “Take her without damage can we?”
Rosfordos considered this. “That would be preferable to a quick unnecessary death for us.”
Salashar said, “The expert on these ships are you, even more than I. We must work together on a plan.”
Grakosdrak said, “And if plan doesn’t work, destroy the ship can we?”
Salashar sighed. “Boys love smashing things do they. Humour him, Ros. Right. Shall find a way to take the ship in one piece.” She glanced up at Grakos. “Like good old pirates.”
Grakosdrak’s face lit up. “Yes. Like pirates.”
Salashar winked at Rosfordos after the subtle lesson in how to manipulate a man. Now the two were in a huddle pouring over the target ship’s schematics, determined to find a way to take her with minimal damage.
“See?” said Grakos to Maglissa and Drifta. “Always a fine plan do I have.”
Chapter 82


Domtavora grasped the hand of Chambers Chief Tolpwaslo. “At least we had enough warning to get some of people to safety. Not all will have made it.”
There came a booming sound from high above them. Councillors, officials and administration staff crammed into the underground shelters were all wondering what damage was being inflicted on their beloved city. 
“I hate that sound,” said Tolpwaslo. “It’s been relentless.”
“The taller buildings are all built to withstand earthquakes and missile strikes. But this sonic wave bombardment vibrates the very structure on a micro level. Eventually the physical integrity is compromised and down it all comes.”
“With us buried underneath it. How much longer until Zax arrives?”
“A matter of hours, I’d guess. Sadly our communications have broken down.”
Another boom, followed by protracted rumbling sound of another tall building collapsing. The fight above them wasn’t all one sided. None of the five invading ships had sustained damage but were at least being tested by the ground forces, having to repeatedly dodge in and out of the planet’s atmosphere. Joe Farmer had been frustratingly close to bringing down a ship but each time they had abandoned a strike for safety outside atmosphere. To the shooters it almost seemed as if the enemy was taunting them.
“I’ve seen a pattern,” said Farmer.
“Yeah. They keep hammering the shit out of us,” said Withers. 
“No. Lan! We’ll go for a double strike either side of the next dive out of atmosphere. They’ll be in a formation before fanning out so we’ll take the last in the line, me above, Carla below.”
“Got that. And here they come. Here’s the line of flight on your screens.”
“Ready. Hold it. Go!”
Withers was blasting to where the last invader ship was heading on Lan’s projections but this time, Farmer was ignoring that and going for the other side of the ship. The pilot was trying to take the ship out from that sandwich of power but Withers was ready for it and the ship was damaged.
“Hit but not dead,” said Farmer. “Surround it with our blasts. Now.”
“Close. Again. Yes. A hit. It’s going to be a crash landing.”
They watched the stricken vessel plummet, its crew trying to soften the crash with the failing engines. There were several stuttering blasts from the plasma drives which did succeed in slowing the rate of descent a little but it seemed inevitable it was about to add to the wreckage it had inflicted earlier. It hit the ground in one piece but it would never take off again.
Romano said, “Fantastic. One down, four to go. They’re heading away again.”
“Great teamwork, guys,” said Lan Yang. “That’s made them think a bit.”
The voice of two pip Captain Jostolanta, retired came over the speakers. “That was top class. I always knew I could rely on you four.”
“Thanks for that, Captain,” said Withers. “We might beat them yet.”
Romano said, “I think they might be more interested in Zaxtormon’s enforcers heading their way. And we’ve helped by taking out one enemy ship.”
Jostolanta came on again. “Stay lively. I’ve troops heading for that downed ship to pull out any survivors. Well done.” 

Chapter 83


Fighting off invading warlike aliens with state of the art ships was not the usual brief of the Alliance Enforcers. Until now, they’d done search and rescue of stranded and missing ships, kept the trading lanes open and ensured the numerous trading ships complied with laws and regulations, and all taxes were paid. That said, there had been plenty of testing, dangerous missions on which they been fighting for their lives, those usually involving Jorgon. Ships’ weapons such as the cannons were generally used for blasting away threatening asteroids and keeping traders with less than honest intentions in line. As such, over the years, councillors consistently voted down budget increases, the minority with vision like Domtavora outnumbered by the number crunchers.
As for the fine men and women who made the Enforcers their career choice, it tended to be their second option, rather than their first. Experienced officers like Lovibeme Zaxtormon could count on one hand with a few more making promising officers with potential. Pilots were his personal nightmare. Ninety percent of all pilots were women, something he had no problem with. They were just better at the job than men. But they were a breed apart and Enforcer pilots could and sometimes did interchange with commercial operations should they choose. This was beneficial to both sectors so that if there was any quiet time in one arena they could keep busy in the other. This kept their skills at an exceptionally high level and was good for the Alliance in general. 
But it was more by consent that pilots followed Enforcers’ orders and discipline, and in theory at least, if a pilot decided a given command would jeopardise the ship or crew, they could refuse to obey. During the two hundred year history of the Enforcers, this had occurred on a handful of occasions. 
Heading off into battle was something nobody had signed up for but Zaxtormon knew his people very well. They were out there risking their lives not just for the Enforcers but for their civilization. The three pilots with him on this mission were Bondrovix on his ship Enforcer or E1, Kazdrondos on E2, and Misralkorz on E3. 
Bondrovix was one of the youngest ever pilots on E1 and her confidence bordered on arrogance. She was still one of the best he’d ever flown with. Although he was staring at the screens, Zax was really thinking of Lovibeme and her crew until he was brought out of his malaise by Bondrovix.   
“They’re heading our way, Sir.”
“What?”
“The invaders, Sir. Heading away from Zelphon and coming this way.”
“Five ships?”
“Four, Sir. Hopefully, one’s been taken out.”
“It wouldn’t hurt.” Zaxtormon’s senses were on high alert. “We have to do better than a head on engagement. We need a two pronged attack.”
“Sir? With three ships?” Bondrovix, was disturbingly young for such a responsible position, but he knew her cockiness was more then matched by her sharp reactions and skill. 
“Right. A three pronged attack then. Look at their pattern. A lead ship, two behind and a backup following them. Slow down our ships E2 and E3.”
“But that will leave us in E1 on our own against four enemy ships, Sir.”
“Not for long. We’ll act as a decoy and draw them out, then our other two ships can strike from behind. How long are we off optimum firing range?”
“At the combined speeds, seven, maybe eight minutes.”
Zax contemplated the screens and scrolls of data for a minute. “Quadrant D7 for us. Quadrants C9 and 8 for ships E2 and E3. Go!”
Four invader ships were following the Alliance ships’ every move, anticipating their actions. Only two alien ships broke away to take on the lone Alliance ship, the other two swinging around to face the other two Alliance ships. 
“On my command, spin us around. Go!”
On the turn around, one high power blast from the invaders had Zax’s command ship buffeted but still flying. 
“Fire!”
The man on the cannon said, “Nothing happening, Sir.” It was possible that the blast from the enemy ship had affected some circuitry. 
“Try auxiliary backup. Fire.”
“Trying again, Sir. Yes. A hit. Smashed it, Sir.” It was a spectacular explosion that had the Earth invader blasting huge pieces of itself in every direction into deep space.
“Three against three. Take us out of here.”
“On our way out,” said Bondrovix. “Second ship chasing.”
“Let it chase. Take us off to Quadrant C9. Everything we have.”
“On our way. Enemy ship still on our tail.”
A pounding near miss caused a blackout for four seconds when they were at the mercy of the enemy, until power kicked back in and they could go full speed as laser energy shots were slamming into them as they tried to outmanoeuvre what was out to destroy them. 
Kazdrondos, the pilot on E2, had no intentions of being left out of the action and had the ship doing some impressive manoeuvres for a shot at the enemy. Her shooter blasted the enemy, but did only slight damage. They were now trying to fight off two ships but Zax’s pilot had moves of her own. In a manoeuvre of her own design, she had the ship in a rolling arc that suddenly had them behind the target. But then a hammer blow of a shot from one invader ship hit the core of E2’s plasma drives with a cataclysmic result. Only small pieces remained once the vacuum of space extinguished the flames. There was no time for the crew of E1 to mourn the loss or they would be next.
“Now would be good,” Bondrovix said.
“Fire!” bellowed Zax. 
The explosion was nothing more than spectacular. The fireball lasted a second in the vacuum of space. It took all the Bondrovix’s skill to avoid the blasted debris which would have wrecked their own ship. Even then a few of the smaller pieces struck the outer shell, and they held their breath, half expecting to die but the shower strike caused minimal damage. 
With the crew cheering madly, Zax told Bondrovix, “That was the most brilliant piece of flying I have seen in my forty year career.”
“Yes, Sir. I know. The remaining two enemy ships are heading out into space. Do we go after them?” She was eager to take revenge for the death of her friends.
Zax decided there were just to many flashing warning lights blinking at him for his liking. “Not in the shape we’re in. Grakosdrak can deal with them. I need to find that missing invader and make sure it was taken out.”
The two surviving damaged Alliance ships limped their way back to Zelphon, but as they circled the city for a place to land, even Commander Zaxtormon shed a tear at the devastation. Flashes of discharged energy blasted from a multitude of ruins. A thousand rescue and emergency vehicles hovered over the fallen towers, powerful search beams desperately trying to pierce the wreckage for survivors in places where the underground shelters had failed to protect them from the merciless attack of the Earth humans. 
“Enemy…” Bondrovix’ voice choked up with emotion. “Enemy ship over there, Sir.”
“Land as close as you can. I’ve a few choice words for anybody alive.”
There was precious little level ground in the heart of that once great city, but they found it and in a storm of dust, they landed. 

Chapter 84


“Two enemy ships are heading our way,” said Rosfordos. “Will take at least two days for them to reach us.”
“Just what we need. Bigger problems.” Drifta said. “And any news on Zelphon?”
“Only that there’s substantial damage. Some loss of life, but the majority of the population took to the shelters.”
“Bad yes but could have been much worse,” said Maglissa.”
Salashar said, “More imperative than ever to destroy that base and take our ship out of the masters’ hands, by whatever means possible.”
“They run training flight exercises twice daily,” said Rosfordos. “All within the planets atmosphere.”
Grakosdrak had been calmer as a plan of action had developed. It had been the inactivity which had tested his patience. “Our plan is to goad them out into space where the new crew has less experience. Still challenging to be successful with our strategy though.”
“Some luck would be useful about now,” said Drifta. “I keep wondering about Lovibeme’s crew. If they’re still alive maybe they’re in a position to help us somehow.”
“That’s not something we can depend on,” said Rosfordos. “In the next few hours, the ship, if it continues as before, it will be on a training flight and we must be ready to act.”
Once more they worked on the details of their plan, just waiting for the chance to implement it.


Lovibeme and her crew hadn’t given up hope of rescue. Lovibeme knew from years of experience how vital it was for morale to turn negatives into positives. On what little time they had been allowed out of their cells to either use the ablutions or to be interrogated as individuals, they had observed the sections of the base they had a little access to and studied the routines of the personnel, especially the guards. They hadn’t learned too much due to their restrictions but it could all be put to good use given the opportunity. At least they hadn’t been subjected to physical pain or beatings as the emphasis was to try a softer approach in the hope of winning their cooperation. Lovibeme had hammered this into her crew, particularly the three junior members. This ‘friendly’ routine was nothing more than a ploy and the crew was to go along with it but not be fooled by it.
As the key member of the crew, Lovibeme had been treated suspiciously well, but she knew that this was in the hope the masters could use her to trick Grakosdrak to hand over his ship without a fight. So when Sen’latorl appeared at the cell door with her two goons, the smiling face of the enemy captain had no chance of diminishing the resolve of the crew.
“Lovibeme. Please come with me.” 
It was a softly spoken request but the cold stares of the guards made it clear that to refuse would be a painful mistake. Lovibeme followed them out after giving a reassuring glance back at her crew. They walked in silence along the corridor and around a corner to Sen’latorl’s private rooms. The guards were instructed to wait outside but expressed concern when Sen’latorl removed her weapon and holster and handed it over. The two women entered the rooms and the door hissed shut behind them. 
“This looks cosy,” said Lovibeme.
A table for two in the middle of one small room was set and a meal with several covered dishes awaited. A bright red flower in tiny vase was the centrepiece.
“Not easy to do this down here as you can imagine. Please. Take a seat.”
At the tap of a sensor, soft music played from a hidden speaker. Lovibeme sat as Sen’latorl poured wine.
“I hope this is to your taste. It’s either this or nothing, I’m afraid.”
Lovibeme decided to play along—who knew what she’d learn? Sen’latorl sat opposite and raised a glass. Lovibeme reciprocated. 
“Not bad at all,” said Lovibeme, taking a sip.
“Glad you approve. Lov…may I call you that?”
“It makes a change.”
“Well then, Lov. It’s not a lot of fun down here, so I’m hoping we can forget our circumstances for a little while and just chat, woman to woman.”
“It’s been a long time since I had the opportunity to do that. All I get these days is enforcer stuff.”
“Same here. Incredibly boring. How’s the food?”
Lovibeme tried some. “Considering you’d have limited supplies, it’s not too bad.”
“I expect you have somebody special on your planet waiting to entertain you.”
Sadly that wasn’t the case but Lovibeme wasn’t about to admit it. “And I expect I have the same problems you have when it comes to relationships. Neither of us wants to date anyone in a uniform.”
“Yet civilians seem so boring. I did have a lover once, someone very special to me. She died in the uprising.”
“That’s sad. Actually, I thought I had met somebody recently, but…”
“Her feelings are for someone else?”
“Yes. But what makes you so sure she’s a she?”
Sen’latorl reached across the table and took Lovibeme’s hand in hers. “I’m sure.”
With the meal finished, the two talked and drank wine. 
“How is your back now?”
“Much better. Still a little stiff.”
Sen’latorl stood and held out her hand. “Come. Let me help with that.”
For a moment, Lovibeme resisted, then she got up and followed Sen’latorl to the small bedroom. As they looked into each others eyes, Sen’latorl slowly removed the clothing above Lovibeme’s waist then patted the single bed for Lovibeme to lie on, face down. 
“That’s still quite a bruise. I have some lotion here.” She sprinkled a few drops of scented lotion on the bruised area and gently rubbed it into the skin. “Not hurting you am I?”
“No, but don’t press too hard.”
As Sen’latorl lightly stroked the lotion over the bruises she noticed several scars, a legacy of action as an enforcer. Each scar could tell a story. She kissed each of those scars, and then used her lips on the sensitive regions of the neck. Lovibeme’s sighs revealed the intense pleasure she was experiencing.
“Resistance is futile,” whispered Sen’latorl.
Lovibeme rolled over. “So who’s resisting?”
Sen’latorl dimmed the light. 

Chapter 85


No moonlight pierced the gloom of the night sky, but the alien ship was illuminated by powerful lights from every angle. The small craft hovered then settled next to where Zaxtormon was standing alone. Domtavora and Tolpwaslo climbed out of the vehicle and made their way over to the commander, Tolpwaslo stumbling on some rubble. Kicking the debris away they continued the last few yards. No greetings other than unsmiling nods of acknowledgement. They stood together as they stared at the remains of the council towers, the political debating chamber of all seven Alliance planets. Several other administration buildings had also sustained major damage. Surrounding buildings had been hit, but with much of the power out, only surreal silhouettes were visible and they were spared the heart-sickening sight. 
“At least relatively few lives were lost,” said Domtavora, grasping for positives. “Cities can be rebuilt.”
Tolpwaslo said, “So sorry to hear of the loss of your ships, Zax. Friends of yours lost, I’m sure.”
“Fine young people.” This was not the time to mourn the finest young people he had ever known. “You know about the two enemy ships heading for Jorgon?”
“Yes,” said Domtavora. “We have just the one ship out there, correct?”
“Grakosdrak and his crew. Captain Lovibeme’s crew is still captive in the Alliance underground base. They now have her ship to use against us.”
Tolpwaslo said, “Three ships against one. That is really depressing news.”
“Indeed,” said Zax. It was time to focus on the alien ship lit up by powerful lights aimed at it. “Our ground security forces have surrounded it but not approached it as yet. I’m about to go over there. Care to join me?”
“We’re right with you, Zax,” said Dom. 
“This way.”
Zax’s own shuttle was parked next to his ship and they climbed in, Zax at the controls. It wasn’t far but the streets were too dangerous to walk so they flew over the rubble, arriving at a brightly lit area in the middle of which was the damaged invading ship. Zax had seen the enforcers’ command centre set up on a cleared section of land. Two pip Captain Jostolanta, retired, lit up the area around them so they could walk safely towards him. He snapped to attention and saluted. 
“At ease, Captain,” said Zaxtormon. “An excellent job bringing that ship down.”
“Thank you, Sir. Sorry it was the only one.”
Domtavora said, “A remarkable job, all the same.” 
“Actually Sir, it was our four Earth human friends who brought the ship down. Full credit to them, really.”
“Where are they?” Tolpwaslo asked.
“Over that way, Chief. Without a word from me they set up a guard unit and haven’t moved since. Commander, what are your plans for the ship?”
“Anyone alive in there?”
“We think so, Sir. There have been signs and sounds of activity but no attempt to contact us. We have tried contacting them but no response so far.”
Tolpwaslo asked, “Just a suggestion, Captain, but have you tried knocking on the door?”
“The door? Radio and loudspeakers only so far. Of course I had to consider the fact that there’s always the danger of explosion and radiation. In fact as we speak, I have a team with radiation detection equipment over there checking it out. Ah! Here they are now.”
There were three in that specialist unit, all in heavy safety gear. “Only background radiation, Sir. But that doesn’t mean that inside the ship is safe.”
Zaxtormon asked, “Any more sounds of anyone inside this thing?”
“I thought there was something going on but that could easily have been the ship settling. Shall we stand down, Sir?”
“Continue monitoring the ship from the command centre. Sound all the alarms if you detect anything significant.”
“Right, Sir. On our way.”
“I’m going down there,” said Zax. “Dom. You two stay out of harm’s way.”
Zax made his way alone, clambering up a hill of rubble, then down to the huge ship sitting like a monstrous bird on a nest of smashed up buildings. The powerful lights lit up his silhouette, so tiny against the bulk of the ship. The others watched as he picked up a chunk of something and smashed it three times against the front of the ship, the dreadful sound echoing dully like some warning of impending doom. Nothing happened for a moment, then the hatch of the ship cracked open and light from within streaked out. 

Chapter 86


Sergeant Balcobardok’s relief when guards led Lovibeme back to the cells shone from his face. “Are you okay? Are you hurt? Have they…?
“Calm down. I’m fine.”
“You’ve been gone for hours. I’ve been worried sick in case they’ve been torturing you. Then you come back in here with a big smile on your face. They’ve drugged you. That’s it, isn’t it.”
“I’m not drugged. We were just talking things over, one captain to another.”
“You haven’t agreed to help them have you? Because I for one would rather die.”
“Balco. Nothing happened.”
Balcobardok approached closer, whispering so the others couldn’t hear him. “I get it. You’ve found out something. Something we can use to our advantage. What is it? The captain has a weakness?”
Lovibeme whispered softly in his ear. “Yes. Me.”
“I don’t under…Oh! You mean she…and you…?”
“Don’t knock it, Balco. When the time comes, it might help.”
“Whatever works, I always say.”


The new Jorgonian crew of Lovibeme’s captured ship were mostly young, ambitious masters in the making. Pidarkriz Jay’mosan would brutally deal with anyone who stood in his way and this quality more than any other destined him for greater things. He had worked the crew to the point of exhaustion but this had proved successful and now they were fully competent in flying the ship. Tandorson Saz’donlar had been well selected as the pilot and between them the ship was in safe hands. 
Saz’donlar whispered, “Excited about our first trip out of the atmosphere, Tan?” They were also lovers but he would never have called her Tan in earshot of the others.
“Yes, Captain. I think we’re ready.”
“I know we are. Nice and slow to the city walls. The Regal has demanded a flyby for the benefit of the slaves.”
Skimming the treetops at the slowest possible speed, they reached the city in thirteen minutes. All the slaves had been rounded up and herded together outside the main entrance wall. Guards were in three lines of a hundred between the wall and the slaves. Above them the Regal and his personal guards were on the tower platform behind the parapet. Next to them on display were Jalmortlov Mil’ferid, Parzandor and his sister, Gotloskad. They were in filthy rags to show to the slaves how defeated they actually were. The Regal grinned widely as the ship became another forceful demonstration of power as it hovered just a few feet of the ground. Billowing clouds of dust heralded its arrival. 
“Behold!” yelled the Regal above the roar of the ship. “This is the pride of the Alliance and our brave masters captured it! This ship is now commanded by some of the very best of our fine young people, all destined to be the masters of the future. All wave to them as they venture forth into space.”
Apart from Jalmortlov Mil’ferid, Parzandor and Gotloskad, everyone waved at the ship, some of the reluctant slaves below prodded by the power whips until they also waved. With the deftest of touches to the controls, ship’s pilot Saz’donlar dipped the nose of the ship as a salute to the Regal. 
“A nice touch, Tan,” said Jay’mosan. “Now take us out of atmosphere.”
As one, thousands of faces looked skywards as the mighty ship took off, slowly at first, then with a roar, it was soon a flash of light streaking away.
“Now get those slaves back to work,” the Regal demanded. “Impressive, don’t you think, Jalmortlov?”
All Jalmortlov knew was that the smell of burning flesh came from so many slaves being power whipped to do the bidding of their masters. 

Chapter 87


Withdrawing his hand weapon from its holster, Zaxtormon entered the ship. There was the electrical smell of burning and although some of the instrument panels were illuminated, several were arcing with flashes of sparks as wiring short-circuited, one panel exploding, sending out shards of metal and glass.
Four Earth humans were dead, their bodies having sustained horrendous wounds. Two were on the floor, two more slumped in their chairs, strapped in at the ship’s controls. Much of the ship’s interior seemed familiar to Zax, then he remembered the Jorgonian masters had sent them detailed plans of Alliance ships which had vastly sped up the development of the Earth fleet. A noise behind him had him spinning around, gun in hand. A young man stood there grim faced, streaks of blood above his right eye and cheek. His injured face was pale yet his eyes shone brightly with fear. In one shaking hand he held a weapon, pointed at Zaxtormon.
“I…I will shoot.”
In Zax’s experienced mind, there was never anyone more dangerous than somebody unpredictable, scared and pointing a weapon. 
“That would mean two more people would die unnecessarily.” He nodded at the four dead people around him. “Do you see any point to all of this?”
The young man looked at the dead, one of whom was his captain. His gun hand was still shaking, but his tears mixed with dirt and blood and his lower lip trembled. 
Zax took a chance and put his gun back in the holster. “Do you intend being responsible for another death or do you wish to walk out of here alive?”
After a moment’s consideration, as if the suggestion had burned his hand, he tossed the weapon away. It clattered on the floor.
“I’m Commander Zaxtormon. Who are you?”
“Conrad Goppel. Science officer.” Zax wasn’t to know it was a German accent.  
Zaxtormon’s instincts were torn between an intense loathing for this representative of evil ideology, or pity for the broken wreck of a human.
“Are there any more survivors back there?”
“I’m not…No. I don’t think so.”
“There’s every possibility this ship could blow up. We need to get off it.”
With an anxious glance behind him, Goppel said, “But they’ll all die.”
“You just said there are no more survivors. Which is it?”
A pause, then, “I’ll show you.”
Zaxtormon followed him through the door to the rear of the ship, passing by several other rooms including living and communal areas, a workshop and the ship’s mainframe computers. From the standard layout Zax knew the ship’s drive units were below his feet. They finally came to something Zax hadn’t seen on any Enforcers ship. It was clearly a very sophisticated storage area with cryogenics. Around the curves of the walls were row upon row of small storage compartments, each connected to a central control system and a series of tubes and wires to various integrated monitoring units. Whatever it was, Zax didn’t like the look of it. He went to one incubation unit and wiped condensation off the toughened glass. What he saw shocked him to his core. 
Chapter 88


“They’re leaving atmosphere,” said Rosfordos “We’ll have visual contact in four minutes.”
Salashar and Rosfordos knew everything and anything about the ship they were after.  
They also knew her weak areas where it should be possible to disable the ship without destroying it. 
“Engines primed,” said Salashar. “Drifta. Mag.”
“Just give me a target,” said Drifta. 
“Ready,” said Maglissa. 
Salashar said, “A small window of opportunity have you. A fraction off target…”
“And not a happy ending,” said Drifta. 
“Three minutes,” said Rosfordos. “They’re still on the predicted course.”
The stationary ship appeared deceptively still in the blue black of space, but fingers and thumbs of two of the best pilots around were ready and itching for action. They had rehearsed and practised every permutation of outcomes but now the time had come to pitch ship against ship. 
“One minute,” said Rosfordos. “Damn, I’ve lost them.”
They stared at blank screens, now themselves more vulnerable to attack. 
“Out we go,” said Salashar. 
And they did at great speed, away instead of towards the enemy. 
“It could have been just a screen freeze,” said Rosfordos, hopefully. They had the planet on their screens. “Just where the…There! Third quadrant three degrees.”
“I have visual. Coming at us fast are they. Spin us around.”
“Firing at us,” said Ros as her hands were at lightning speed on the controls. She took them on a twisting, barrelling loop at half light speed, but the other ship was just as capable so matched her manoeuvres. Plasma energy blasts streaked past them with terrifying accuracy, and suddenly all the planning and exercises went clean out of the window. 
“There’s old asteroid rubble over there,” said Salashar. “Lose them there shall we.”
Still the weapons discharged the deadly rays, space debris being obliterated as they twisted and rolled through the space debris until they were free of the rubble and back into clear space again. “Time to hit back.”


Tandorson Saz’donlar was bonding with her ship as never before. She could see that the Alliance pilot was skilful and quick-witted. Until she saw them with her own eyes, she’d never have thought the manoeuvres were even possible, let alone at those speeds through space rubble. 
“It will be a shame to destroy you.”


“Get me a shot!” yelled Drifta.
“Working on it,” said Rosfordos. “Coming around now. Spinning inside and above. Shoot!”
Maglissa said, “Be holding her steady will you?”
Salashar said, “Best chance now have we.”
Shots were still streaking so close it would have scorched the marsillion coating, but they held their nerve and with a desperate twisting loop, Mag and Drifta finally had a shot on and they took it. 
So precisely aimed were the shots that for one heart sinking minute, it seemed the ship had not been hit at all. Then its engines faltered and died, leaving the ship spinning helplessly and darkly in space.
“Now tell me why did that take so long?”
“You’re welcome, Grakos,” Drifta replied. 
“So no longer be sitting there. Much to do have we.”
“Yes, Dad,” said Maglissa. 

Chapter 89


Conrad Goppel, a science officer of the invading fleet, sat silent in Zaxtormon’s headquarters. The bombardment had destroyed some of the surface buildings but the purpose built secure underground facilities were largely untouched and all backup systems had ensured everything was functioning close to full efficiency. Domtavora and Tolpwaslo, although naturally subdued from the cataclysmic event, were experienced and professional enough to push it aside as they endeavoured to deal with the practicalities. 
Zaxtormon tapped a sensor to show on the screen what he had recorded on the ship. 
“I found the four controlling the ship to have died. Support crew such as science officer Conrad Goppel here, were at their stations where they died in the crash, Goppel being the sole survivor. Or at least he would be had these not been onboard.”
“Babies?” Tolpwaslo gasped as the jerky recording revealed the horror.
Zax glared and pointed to Goppel to explain. “They are all approximately seven months along in their development. One hundred male, one hundred female.”
Domtavora said, “And they survived?”
“Yes,” said Goppel. “It was touch and go after our crash landing, but I managed to keep their incubators functioning.”
“They look identical,” said Tolpwaslo. “The males all the same, the females…”
Goppel said, “Their biological parents died in nineteen forty five. This contingency had been several years in the making even before our world war began. Highly revolutionary and years ahead of anything at the time.”
Zaxtormon said, “So these are the offspring of somebody very high up?”
Goppel sighed, decided there was no point keeping secrets any longer. “The father was Adolf Hitler. The mother was Eva Braun.”
Domtavora said, “We have a little knowledge of Earth’s past, but I seem to recall something of a very bloody war that went on for years. This Hitler. A leader of some kind I think?”
Goppel chuckled. “That is quite some understatement. To people like me he was a visionary. He very much envisaged his dreams of a better, more ordered world continuing well after his death.”
Zaxtormon’s knowledge of Earth’s history was a little more comprehensive. “His reign of terror resulted in the slaughter of millions of innocent men women and children in death camps.”
“A cleansing of the inferior races,” said Goppel, unapologetically.
For one heart-stopping moment, the normally calm and controlled Zaxtormon seemed on the brink of losing control of his temper as his fist was drawn back as if to strike Goppel’s face. It took a monumental degree of self control to hold back and he strode over to face a wall, placing both huge hands as if to support himself up then he hit the wall with his fist like a hammer. 
“Zax?” Tolpwaslo said.
“I’m…I’m okay.” He turned to face them again. “We all know what the Jorgonian masters are capable of.” He pointed an accusing finger at Goppel. “His kind are just as bad, if not worse.”
Tolpwaslo approached Zax and placed her hands on his broad shoulders. “This is why we must defeat these invaders with all that we have. Use this anger to defeat this evil.”
Domtavora stood in front of Goppel, his face close to the Earth human’s. “Commander Zaxtormon is a very dear friend of mine. I know of no finer man. Possibly the only reason you are still alive right now is because Tolpwaslo and I are here also. Right now, what we need is information, relevant information. I strongly suggest you fully cooperate with him otherwise I fear he may not be able to contain his considerable anger much longer.”
“I’ll cooperate on one condition,” replied Goppel, defiantly.
Zax was about to erupt again, Tolpwaslo holding him back. “You are in no position to make demands.”
“Let’s hear him out, Zax,” said Tolpwaslo. “What is this one condition?”
“That I be allowed to care for the babies.”
“Are you seriously…” Zax started.
Domtavora said, “Regardless of the monster who fathered them, they are still just babies. We do not kill babies in the Alliance.”
“We need to take a break away from this,” said Tolpwaslo. 
Zax considered all this for a moment. Then he crossed to the door which slid open and he called the two armed guards inside. Pointing at Goppel, he said, “Take that to our most secure cell. Basic rations only. Two guards on duty with him at all times. The slightest trouble from him, shoot him. Move!”
Goppel got to his feet. “My babies?”
“Later,” said Tolpwaslo. “We have much to discuss first. Go.”
Goppel was led away to consider his future or indeed if he even had one.
“We need refreshments,” said Domtavora. “Come on.”
The main enforcers dining hall was more chaotic than usual, exhausted rescue teams desperate for rest and food and the harassed staff trying to feed them all. There was one strangely quiet corner where four individuals sat at a table away from the others.
“Just the people who can tell us about Earth history,” said Domtavora, giving a wave of his hand at Withers. As they made their way through the bustle a young man beat them to the table. 
“See these hands?” he was telling the four. “Blood stained. But not my blood, blood from a little girl I pulled out of the rubble. Dead. Her body smashed and broken, and she died in my arms. Mine was the last face she saw. She was killed with her family and your kind killed them.”
Romano was about to speak but Lan Yang grabbed his hand to stop him. The young man then noticed Zaxtormon appearing by his side.
“Commander. Sir. I didn’t see you there.”
“It’s alright, son. We have all lost friends and family. But these people here are not to blame. They were the ones who shot down that enemy ship.”
The young man gasped, his expression changing with the understanding of the reality of the situation. “That was you shot that ship down?”
“Yes,” said Withers. “I wish we could have destroyed all of them.”
“I don’t…I shouldn’t have…I…I’m so sorry.”
Joe Farmer said, “We’d probably feel the same in your position.”
The young man’s shoulders and chest began to convulse with a sudden overflowing of grief. Zax wrapped one strong arm about him. “Let it all out, son.”
Around them, people stopped to watch what was happening, everyone silent. 
Tears streaked through the dirt on his face and with quivering lips he repeated, “She died in my arms… she died in my arms…”
Tolpwaslo noticed two people in medical uniforms and called them over. They needed no instructions and gently led the distraught man away. He had become the symbol of unity of all those who were suffering from the attack. Gradually, the hum of conversation resumed.
Zax, Dom and Tol sat with the four Earth humans.
“Thanks for that,” said Withers.
“No need for thanks,” said Domtavora. “We’re all in this together. I see no food. Have you eaten?”
Romano said, “Let’s just say the service is a bit slow over our end.” 
“Understood,” said Zaxtormon, pointing at one of the serving staff who almost tripped over his feet to get to them. Zax ordered a small mountain of food and the man scurried away.
“There’s something you can help us with,” said Domtavora.
“Of course,” said Withers. “Anything.”
“Have you heard of Adolf Hitler?”
Four shocked humans as one responded in the affirmative.
“What is it you’d like to know?” Withers asked.
They were interrupted by three servers carrying enough food for a small army. A spare table was placed for all the dishes and seven hungry people took all they needed. Zax gave instructions that the remaining food was to be offered to anyone wanting it. They were finally able to eat and talk.
Zaxtormon gave a concise description of his time on the ship and what he’d discovered on it. Letting that sink in, they finished their meal and the table was cleared. 
“Hundreds of little Hitlers and Brauns running amuck?” said Withers. “Just too horrible to contemplate.”
“But they are really only babies,” said Tolpwaslo. “Was this kind of technology to create clones and store them available, what, a hundred years ago on Earth?”
Withers said, “Hitler was very much into science. Anything to push his vision forwards. There were many secret scientific experiments going on at the time, so I’d not rule anything out.”
“I studied a course on this at University,” said Farmer. “I know there were crude experiments on cell division as far back as the early twentieth century, but there was nothing significant until early twenty-first century. Dolly the sheep comes to mind.”
Zaxtormon said, “However it came about, we have the proof right here on that ship.”
Tolpwaslo said, “I'm surprised they would risk their precious cargo of babies on a raid like this.”
Zax suggested, “They knew our military capability was limited. They must have thought most of their invasion fleet would survive.” 
Lan Yang said, “I’m guessing that if they were victorious, the invaders intended to bring up these babies so they could breed and spread their genes like a virus.”
Farmer said, “Hitler wanted a world full of pure Aryan people. Blacks like me would be considered inferior to their master race. Lan Yang, too.”
“That is not the way of the Alliance,” said Domtavora.
“But it is the way of the Jorgonian masters,” said Zaxtormon. “We cannot let it happen.”
Domtavora stood and said, “You have been most helpful. Thank you. I suggest we all rest while we can.”

Chapter 90


Lovibeme only had time for a glance back over her shoulder at the anxious face of Sergeant Balcobardok and her crew, the younger ones living on a knife edge. Just a knowing nod to her sergeant which he translated as, ‘I’m relying on you to hold them together,’ so a nod of understanding came in response. 
That Captain Sen’latorl was not with the guards had Lovibeme worried but with the two armed guards indifferent as to shooting her or not, she could only cling onto hope and resolve. This had carried her through many a hazardous mission. She knew she wasn’t being led to Sen’latorl’s rooms. At the end of an unfamiliar corridor, passing several busy people in assorted uniforms, most not affording her a second glance, they stopped at a door which slid open. 
This time, two men and a woman wearing similar black uniforms were preparing for their prisoner’s arrival. They were working on some strange looking apparatus which seemed to Lovibeme to have been hurriedly put together. Wires and cables, dials, cooling pumps and visual display units were oddly arranged along one wall with a metal chair in the centre of the room. 
“Sit her in the chair,” the woman directed the guards. “Secure her arms and legs.”
With some shoving and pulling from the guards, Lovibeme was pushed into the chair and securing bands of steel were clamped to her forearms and lower legs. 
“Stand back,” the woman ordered, and the guards did as they were told, still with their weapons ready. She pulled a handle suspended from the ceiling and what Lovibeme recognised to be a recording and transmitting device moved on reticulated fixings and was positioned in such a way it could take in Lovibeme and the chair. The woman in black fiddled with the controls and two screens lit up. One was blank, the other had her own image on it. More adjustments and she was satisfied then when she stepped away, Lovibeme could see herself on the screen. The blank screen lit up and the image of Commander Lok’jarvahl appeared.
“Captain Lovibeme. Time is running out. I’m giving you the opportunity to save your friends out there. Order them to stand down and surrender their ship. It would be a waste to destroy it, but its fate is really down to you. What say you?”
Lovibeme knew several choice expressions usually reserved for drunken nights out with her boisterous women friends for when some clueless male made unwelcome advances. These suggestions to the men on how to perform some painful, anatomically difficult sexual activity on themselves invariably had them scurrying away. She used one of her favourites for the benefit of the commander. She saw Lok’jarvahl’s amusement until he looked away as someone entered. Someone she knew well…
Captain Sen’latorl looked at the screen and there was her Lov secured to the chair. “Sir. May I ask what’s happening?”
“Indeed, Captain. Before you joined us I generously offered Captain Lovibeme the chance to spare her own life and that of her friends on the second ship. She robustly declined my offer.”
Sen’latorl mustered her professionalism. “Captain Lovibeme. Please. Do as he asks.”
“I’m not playing your games.”
“This really is no game. Please…”
Lok’jarvahl said, “Enough. Bring on the instrument.”
The woman in black called her two assistants and between them they wheeled across a large contraption hooked up to power cables. It looked crude and terrifying. 
“Where, Sir? Her head? Perhaps an eye?”
“Not yet. Cut away her top clothing.”
Two of them cut and tore away the top of her tunic until she was naked from the waist up. 
“She is rather beautiful, Captain Sen’latorl. I can understand why you find her attractive.”
“Ready, Sir,” said the woman.
“Just her left shoulder for now.” One of several cone shaped instruments was twisted into place so the tip was inches away from the left shoulder muscle. “Just two seconds, not too deep.”
An assistant turned a small controller. From the cone came an intense beam of power that burned into Lovibeme’s shoulder muscle, deeper and deeper inside. Lovibeme was no stranger to pain but although she gritted her teeth so as not to give the commander the satisfaction of hearing her scream, scream she eventually did. Two seconds seemed like two minutes but the beam was turned off and she could only sit there in agony as she smelled the stench of her own burning flesh.
“Now will you talk to your friends, Captain?”
Lovibeme’s second suggestion as to what he could do was her response.
“Another go, Sir?” said the woman in black, clearly enjoying the experience. “Perhaps through one of those lovely breasts?” 
“Hold that thought for now. Leave her where she is, turn off all the lights and leave the room.”
“Yes, Sir,” said the disappointed woman.
Lok’jarvahl turned to his captain. “Sen’latorl. I want nobody going in that room until I say so, including you. Understood?” 
A slight hesitation, then, “Yes, Sir.”
“Good. Return to your communications team. I want everything ready for my orders. Clear?”
“Yes, Sir.” 

Chapter 91


The ship was left for the women to crew—Salashar, Rosfordos at the ship’s command centre with the best shooter Maglissa and her trigger fingers on the cannon. 
Grakosdrak and Drifta had some new toys to try out and they studied them before crossing the void of space to the other ship. In the ship’s hold they prepared for the short flight over to the stranded ship, checking each other’s suits meticulously. That done, Drifta squeezed himself into the snug fitting individual powered craft. “They’ll be trying to reconfigure their internal systems to regain control of the ship. They can do that given enough time. If we get caught out between ships…”
“Then not to get caught I say. Ready?”
“Ready.”
Salashar got the signal and released the two small dart shaped pods from the belly of the ship. Ros focussed on the enemy and Sal focussed on the pods as they blasted across to the stranded ship. Both tiny craft were manoeuvred to a specific place just below the plasma drive outlets where it would be impossible to be shot at. Directly in front of them was a small inspection and maintenance hatch, through which they would enter the business end of the drives. This section was only ever accessed with the ship grounded in an engineering yard. The internal hatches also provided emergency access when the ship was in space. The plan was to enter by the back door, reseal that and proceed forwards into the ship to take it over. They were depending on the systems still being down so they wouldn’t be detected, giving them the element of surprise.
It was time to face the first obstacle. Drifta held the equipment to the hatch controls and tapped the sensor. Servos activated to release the hatch door. 
Grakos climbed inside first, Drifta passing him the equipment then following him inside then closing the hatch. Helmet lights guided the way. This was familiar territory to both men so words were not required. The second hatch would be simpler as it was designed to be opened from both sides. Relying on most of the detection systems still being down, Grakos had the gas grenades ready to throw into the belly of the ship the second the internal hatch opened. 
There came a hiss as the pressures compensated as the hatch cracked open, Grakos activating the gas grenades then tossing them inside. In seven seconds the ship would be full of the knockout gas and another six seconds for all inside to be unconscious, providing they still had their helmets off. 
As it took almost one hour to replenish the air tanks, crews only wore them if emergency alarms warned of a ship’s pressure leak. Grakos and Drifta couldn’t depend on that being the case so they had a further device to throw in the mix. 
Stun bombs. This required split second timing because it would affect all onboard, including themselves. Grakos required the hatch opened a little wider than when he’d tossed in the gas bombs, so Drifta was squeezed up tight against him as he opened the hatch again. Grakos hurled the four stunners as far as he could. That done, then the pain in their heads hit them as Drifta struggled to close the hatch to shield them. 
It was bad but not as bad as anyone on the other side would experience. Wave after wave hit them but finally, thankfully, it was over. Drifta took up the two-handed plasma rifle whilst Grakos favoured his plasma pistols. Grakos kicked open the hatch and the two kept low as they hurried along the narrow corridor to deal with anyone still on their feet. All around were signs of the systems coming back on line, noises of the ship waking itself up. 
At last they reached the command control centre and saw that the entrance was open and one of the crew face down on the floor, no helmet, a weapon by his side. Passing by, weapons at the ready, they entered the control centre where they counted six more unconscious crew, caught without helmets. Grakos checked for gas but the ship’s back up air purifiers had removed it. Taking off his helmet, he said, “Secure them now must we.”
They carried sets of resin manacles but they needed both hands for that job. They each had one crew member securely shackled when they felt the weapons pressed against the backs of their heads. 
“Welcome. Release my crew and shackle each other. Now would be good.”
The ‘unconscious’ crew surrounded the uninvited guests, each with weapons set to kill. 


Pidarkriz Jay’mosan sat casually in the captains chair, grinning from ear to ear. “Quite clever, really. We had more of the ship’s systems running than we wanted you to think. We have been watching you all the way. Of course we expected the gas and had helmets on for that, but we were still surprised by the stunners. I have a headache I’d not wish on my worse enemy, except perhaps you pair. And I can’t imagine the women on your ship will fire on us with you in here. Face it. You have lost and we now have two ships.”
Grakos said, “Salashar will blow us to pieces before handing over her ship.”
“Not a theory to put to the test if I were you.”  
His pilot had other ideas. Tandorson Saz’donlar said, “Just toss them out of the airlock, Sir.”
“And that is why I am captain and you pilot the ship. As long as they are here, Salashar will not fire on us.”
“And we can’t fire on them because we need that ship.”
“True. Something of a stalemate. However. My last coded message from the base will resolve things in our favour. It is now exactly time to open up general communication channels.”
“Yes, Sir.”All screens showed the same image. “Commander Lok’jarvahl. A pleasure to see you again, Sir.”
“And I you. I see your trap worked well. Grakosdrak and Driftalox. I see you are a little tied up at the moment.”
“Getting bored already,” said Grakosdrak, defiantly.
“Shh! Don’t wind him up,” whispered Drifta. 
“Grakosdrak,” said Lok’jarvahl. “I have somebody here to see you.” The screen went very dark. “Lights.”
The lights came on and the image was clear. Lovibeme was as she’d been left, secured to the steel chair. 
Rosfordos could also see the same image. “Lovibeme. What have they done to you?”
Lok’jarvahl said, “Lovibeme. You have one last chance to save yourself and your friends from certain death. Tell Grakosdrak to surrender his ship.”
“I will never do that.”
“That’s unfortunate. Perhaps you need more persuasion?”
The door opened and the three in black entered, the woman telling the two men to bring the equipment to where those watching on screens could see it clearly. Once in place, the woman in black picked up a sack off the floor and opened it, pulling out a substantial boar-like head from a wild creature common in the forests of Jorgon. She placed the head on a platform between the two cones which were positioned either side of the ugly hairy bloodied head.
“Ready, Commander.”
“Full power.”
A nod to the technicians on the controls and the needle fine pulses of high powered energy emanated from each cone, burning into the thick bony skull of the slain beast. Lovibeme could see and smell the result, closed her eyes and bowed her head. The woman in black grabbed her hair and yanked her head back. “Look at this!”
Small flames danced on the animal’s head where the long hair caught fire, adding to the awful image.
“Enough for now,” said Lok’jarvahl. “Remove that obscenity and position the device at the prisoner’s head.”
“We have to do something,” Rosfordos pleaded with Salashar.
Salashar nodded. “Then surrender we must.”
“But we can’t just…”
“All out of options are we, Grakos. Beaten are we.”
Grakosdrak stared at the screen as the final adjustments were made, Lovibeme just sitting there, calmly accepting she was about to die. “Commander. We…”
But before he could offer his surrender, their came a bone shaking rumbling sound and for a moment they all thought the ship had been attacked. Then they realised the noises were being transmitted from the base on Jorgon.
“Sir. They’re under attack,” said Tandorson Saz’donlar.
Pidarkriz Jay’mosan was at his pilot’s side, trying to understand what was going on. “Attack from what? I see no ships.”
The base was in full panic mode, alarms blasting out, people running in all directions trying to figure out what was going on. The rumblings continued, random pieces of equipment exploding and fires breaking out. Lok’jarvahl was on the floor, trying to get to his feet. 
“Captain Sen’latorl! Captain Sen’latorl! Where are you?”
His captain had already made her mind up even before the unknown attackers had struck. She had hurried to the cells where the enforcer prisoners were held and opened the doors. 
“What’s happening?” asked Balcobardok, then he stepped back when he saw the weapons she was carrying.
“No idea,” said Sen’latorl handing out the weapons. “We have to help Lovibeme. This way. Hurry.”
They raced along the corridors ignoring anyone they encountered who were just trying to flee the base. One misguided guard decided he was still on duty and took a shot at the prisoners which just missed Balcobardok but the return fire was a hit between the eyes.
“Oh, I did enjoy that,” said Balco.
They ran into the room where Lovibeme was now on her own between the cones of death. Above the cones was a timer counting down the seconds to a preprogrammed execution. 
“Get me out of here!” yelled Lovibeme.
The timer went down to single digits and Balcobardok reacted rather than thought about it. Two precisely aimed shots at the restraints holding Lovibeme’s arms sliced through them and she bent herself down as much as she could, one second before the cones fired, singeing a few locks of her hair. The cones destroyed themselves and Lovibeme was cut free. She collapsed into Sen’latorl’s arms. 
“When I get my strength back I’ll either kill you or kiss you.”
Sen’latorl kissed her anyway. “That's to help you decide. Here. Take my jacket.”
A large chunk of the ceiling fell close by them.
“Save the loving for later,” said Balcobardok. “If there’s a way out, we need to find it. Now!”

Chapter 92


Conrad Goppel stroked one of the cylinders with the transparent covers. “Don’t you worry, my little darlings. Your Uncle Goppel is here now.”
Zaxtormon’s expression showed how sickened he felt by it all. So many babies so close to being ‘born’. “I just want to rip out their tubes and let them all die.”
“They’re just babies.”
“I know exactly what they are. Those above me decided you and them live for the time being.” He jabbed Goppel in the ribs. “Step outside this ship I’ll kill you myself. You will stay in this disgusting nest of vermin or my officers will not hesitate in shooting you. They’re just waiting for the second you slip up. Have I made myself understood?”
The door behind them was the main entrance. A very imposing enforcer, one of Zax’s finest, stood tall and wide, weapon at the ready. Squeezing by him, Zax said, “No hand weapons hidden on the ship?”
“We’ve searched every square inch, Sir. Nothing. All communication systems have been disconnected.”
“Good. I want this door locked at all times and only Goppel in here alone other than when it’s his feeding time. Six officers around the clock out here.” He cocked a thumb at Goppel. “If that vile piece of scum even farts too loud, bring his head to me.”
After a final scowling look back at a man he didn’t know but hated intensely, Zax stepped out of the alien ship.
All around were people, robots and machinery clearing rubble away and repairing the city’s infrastructure. He stood for a moment, staring up at the blue sky, not a cloud in sight. Rain was forecast for later but he doubted it. He wondered what was happening on Jorgon, with the alien ships heading there with only Grakosdrak and Lovibeme to deal with them. It was happening too far away for him to help.  
Taking a deep breath, he hurried away, always so much to do.


Everywhere on and around Jorgon was in chaos. Even some of the city wall had collapsed but that hadn’t stopped the Regal scurrying up the steps to the main viewing platform. He could see for many miles across the vast forest, and far in the distance he could make out where the base was, thanks to the great plumes of black smoke bellowing from it. He surveyed the sky for clues. 
“Where is that ship!” he yelled to nobody. He had assumed some Alliance enforcer ship had somehow breached the defences and attacked. He could see nothing, then from the horizon a ship approached the city. It was by far the biggest he had ever seen and it was coming his way. “Guards! Guards! Shoot that ship.”
And to their credit, like the good little soldiers they were, they started taking potshots at the belly of the ship as it thundered ever nearer. Only when it hovered a mere hundred feet off the ground, could the Regal truly appreciate its size. It hovered directly above him, almost in touching distance. A voice boomed out that had him covering his ears.
“Throw down your weapons or you will be destroyed.” 
“Shoot that ship down I say! I command it!”
A single, precisely aimed pinpoint of high energy from the ship burnt a very neat hole in the Regal’s head. He was literally dead on his feet until he made a graceful fall to the hard ground below, landing with a sickening thud. A guard ran to the Regal. He stared for a moment, prodded the broken body with his toe then tossed his weapon away. He held his empty hands to the ship to show he complied with the order then he dropped prostrate to the ground, hoping not to die. The ship didn’t shoot him but one of the slaves he’d been guarding picked up the weapon and blasted the slave master’s head off. The man waved at the ship which slowly roared over the city then it was away into space. 

Chapter 93


Tandorson Saz’donlar said, “It’s a reasonable assumption that ship has destroyed the base.”
The leviathan had left Jorgon and had parked itself between the two Alliance ships.
All the cockiness had gone from Pidarkriz Jay’mosan. He was well out of his depth. The screens lit up and a woman appeared, calmly staring back at him.
“Hello,” she said. “Not in any hurry to die are you?”
“What…who are you?”
“I’m tempted to say your worst enemy but that is such a cliché, don’t you think?”
Recovering a little of his composure, Jay’mosan said, “I am Captain Pid…”
“Oh, do shut up you tiresome little worm. Now return the ship over to Grakosdrak or I will destroy you.”
“Oops!” said Grakosdrak with a chuckle.
Jay’mosan pulled his gun from his holster and pointed it nervously at Grakosdrak’s head. “He is still my hostage and I will kill him if you don’t…go away.”
The woman howled with laughter. “If we don’t go away? Oh, diddums. I am so frightened. If you are going to kill the hairy slob, get on with it.”
To Grakosdrak, Jay’mosan said, “She can’t be serious?”
“Sadly, yes. She hates my guts.”
“Well, there is a lot of it to hate,” said the woman.
Drifta said, “She’s Vilasokrid, Salashar’s twin sister. Trust me. You do not want to piss her off.”
As Jay’mosan floundered, Tandorson Saz’donlar simply held out her hand and took the weapon from him. As she gave it to Grakosdrak, she said, “We surrender.”


On Salashar’s ship, Rosfordos was amazed at the way Sal was howling with laughter. 
“Are you okay, Sal?”
Salashar couldn’t hold in her laughter so she pointed at the screen. “Vilasokrid,” she finally managed. “Unbelievable.”
“You know that woman?”
“Never was a resemblance, my twin and I.”
“Oh, yes. I think you mentioned her once. And that’s her ship?”
“It sure is,” said Vilasokrid. “I’m her much prettier twin sister. Hey, sis. I almost had the chance to get rid of that ugly hairy husband of yours. I can still do it if you want me to.”
“Keep him awhile longer will I.”
“Damn. You still talk in that annoying Consolon way. Hey, Maglissa. Where are you?”
“Here, Vila. Still shaking up the galaxy I see are you.”
“It’s a tough job but somebody has to do it. Oh, by the way. Somebody called Lovidovie or something could do with a ride off that miserable rock down there.”
“Lovibeme?” said Ros, jumping out of her chair with joy. “She’s alive?”
“She and her crew. A little battered and bruised but alive and the planet is crazy with slaves killing anyone who even smells like a master. I claim credit for knocking off the Regal. An impressive shot though I say so myself. Anyway, I have to be somewhere. Supplies for Zelphon. Those aliens trashed the city and I’ve a ship loaded to the max with essentials. You do know there’s a couple of those alien ships heading this way, yeah?”
“Yes,” said Ros. “We hadn’t heard of Zelphon being hit so bad. We had no way of knowing.”
“Many killed?” Salashar asked.
“Some but it could have been worse. I have to get there as fast as I can. I just detoured a bit to help out my kid sister.”
“Kid sister by seven minutes,” said Salashar. “Thanks for everything. Get going you and meet you again soon shall we.”
“See you soon. Give fatso a big wet kiss from me.”
As the mega-freighter headed for Zelphon, Salashar turned her attention to more immediate problems. “Did you hear all that, Grakos?”
“She’s gone?”
“Yes. Can come out of hiding now. Have control of the ship do you?”
Drifta said, “They’ve left the flight deck. I’m not sure Grakos and me can take the ship down with just us two but we have to dump these Jorgonians and pick up Lovibeme and her crew.”
“Is the damage you did repaired?” asked Rosfordos.
“Fixed it have we,” said Grakos. “Talk us down to the surface you will.”
Maglissa said, “You both know ships do you. Not good pilots like women but fine will you be.”
Drifta rolled his eyes at that comment and Grakos didn’t bite back either. “Time to pick up Lovibeme,” said Drifta.
Following Salashar’s instructions to the letter, with Drifta as pilot and Grakosdrak on all other controls, they approached Jorgon, Rosfordos desperately trying to make contact with Lovibeme. 
“Not looking hopeful, Sal.”
“A survivor is she. Find them shall we.”
“Approaching atmosphere,” said Grakos.
“Reducing speed, correcting atmosphere entry angle,” said Drifta. 
“Looking good,” said Salashar. “Steady now.”
Drifta said, “I often heard take off and landings are the interesting bits with the rest of the flight the boring bits.”
Maglissa said, “What’s life without a little excitement? As your wife, I insist you are not to die.”
“Order received and understood.”


Salashar led the way and long range scans of the base revealed the devastation. It was highly unlikely any defence weapons were operational but they couldn’t rule it out entirely. Plumes of black smoke still bellowed from various craters and the odds of there being many survivors seemed remote. 
Rosfordos wasn’t ready to give up hope. “Lovibeme. Captain Lovibeme. Can you hear me?”
Hisses and crackles was all they heard back. All around the ruined base as far as the city walls were countless battles raging between slaves and masters. Finding a safe place clear enough to land the ships was challenging.
“That valley is the only area,” said Rosfordos. “Room for two ships, just.”
Salashar agreed, although it was still some way from the base. “Time to land. Drifta?”
“We’re ready. Leave us all the landing space possible.”
Salashar’s landing was textbook but her heart was in her mouth as she saw the other ship pitch and roll as Drifta’s inexperienced hands tried to steady it.
“Don’t you dare break my ship!”
“Lovibeme,” gasped Rosfordos. “You made it.”
“We’re heading for the valley as the most likely rescue point but we’re battling some stupid masters who intend going down fighting.”
“We’ll land and come to get you,” Grakos said.
“We still have our own prisoners,” Drifta reminded them.
Salashar said, “Get them off the ship the minute you land.”
“Dead or alive?” asked Grakosdrak, in all seriousness. 
“Whichever works,” replied Salashar.
“Going down,” said Drifta. “Concentrate, Grakos.”
They were uncomfortably close to Salashar’s ship but came down safely apart from flattening several trees. After shutting down the drives, they were grabbing weapons and heading for their prisoners. They knew there was always the possibility of a final tussle to regain the ship but they found the prisoners subdued, their spirits crushed. Their mission a failure.
“Thank you for flying Grakosdrak space flights and we hope you have enjoyed the journey,” said Grakos. “Now off the ship before I kill you all.”
“Wait,” said Drifta. “Take your Jorgon space suits off first.” 
Once outside in their underwear with the former masters, Drifta told them, “That way to the city and certain death. Head that way into the jungle and the animals will kill you. Stay here and Grakos will kill you.” 
Nearly naked, unarmed and clueless, the defeated masters chose the jungle and set off towards a perilous future. 
Salashar, Maglissa and Rosfordos joined Drifta and Grakos, Maglissa planting a kiss on Drifta’s lips. Grakos offered his hairy face to Sal but she ignored him. 
“Help Lovibeme must we,” she said, checking directions and setting off at a run.
Less than a mile on, they were close to the action. Using the cover of small trees and bushes, they could see Lovibeme’s crew behind rocks, exchanging fire with the enemy. Grakos saw a master’s black uniform and was about to burn holes in it but Lovibeme stopped him.
“She helped us escape. She’s on our side.”
Grakosdrak hesitated but when Sen’latorl shot a master in the distance, he accepted it. “Just a few of them think I.” He saw a target and the scream told him he had aimed well. 
Balcobardok had a wounded leg but his fighting resolve was an inspiration to the young crew whose accuracy didn’t quite match their enthusiasm. “We can retreat to the ships,” said the experienced sergeant. “Take down any who follow us.”
Which they did, slowly working their way back to the ships, firing their weapons as they did so. By the time the ships were a short sprint away, they were no longer being shot at. It was a record breaking take off with Lovibeme’s pilot back where she belonged. As they took a slow flight over the base, they were there to see it finally collapse in on itself. Outside the city the dead bodies, mostly masters, were being piled high for a mass cremation. On the city wall, three free citizens stood together. Jalmortlov Mil’ferid, Parzandor and his sister, Gotloskad, all waved up at the two passing ships.
“Now that makes it all worthwhile,” said Lovibeme. 
From the second ship, Rosfordos replied, “Just the small matter of a couple of invaders ships.”
“Here we go again,” said Drifta. 
 
Chapter 94


“Just over three and a half thousand dead, eight thousand injured to some degree,” said Tolpwaslo. “Millions safe, several thousand in temporary shelters.”
“Grim statistics indeed,” said Domtavora. “However, we must acknowledge it could have been a lot worse.”
Zax added, “Not forgetting the loss of a fine crew. Informing their relatives was both daunting and draining.”
Tolpwaslo reached across and squeezed his hand. “How awful for you. Perhaps they can take comfort from what that crew did in the fight. They should be proud.”
Domtavora sighed and added, “Their sacrifice could have made the difference to our survival.” 
“No doubt about it,” said Zaxtormon. “Some good news, a mega-freighter is due in about three days. It’s loaded with supplies, including medical equipment.”
“Good news indeed,” said Domtavora. “A private ship?” 
“Vilasokrid’s trading ship.”
“I know that name from somewhere,” said Tolpwaslo.
“Salashar’s sister,” said Domtavora with a wry smile. “What would we do without that family?”
“Sadly, we have had no communication from Salashar’s ship for some time,” said Zaxtormon. “Nothing either from Captain Lovibeme, but we received a garbled transmission from Jorgon, too short to make sense of it.”
“Any chance at all it was from Lovibeme?” asked Tolpwaslo. 
“Impossible to tell. Assume the worst, hope for the best.”
Domtavora asked, “Too risky to contact Grakosdrak, I presume?”
Zax shook his head and said, “They could be alone against two invader ships. Our two ships only just made it home. Engineering’s doing the repairs. That leaves only our ground defences to deal with any attacks, and some of those are guarding the alien ship.”
Domtavora said, “Once all this is over, the council had better increase the Enforcers’ budget.”
Tolpwaslo said, “Is that before or after we rebuild the city? One step at a time, Dom.”
“Politicians!” Zax said with a groan. “ I couldn’t eat a whole one.”
“Zax!” came the joint response.
Zax just shrugged his weary shoulders. “Any decision about all those…babies?”
Tolpwaslo said, “That isn’t a decision to make in a hurry.”
Domtavora said, “Potentially, there could be even more babies if those last two alien ships surrender.”
“On that terrifying prospect, I’m off,” said Zax, getting up to leave. “If they do survive, I’ll leave it for the Council to babysit. It’s about time they did something useful.”

Chapter 95


“Call this a plan do you?” said Grakos as he floated freely in deep, dark space.
“Did you expect to be doing this?” replied Drifta.
“Of course not.” 
Drifta said, “So neither will the invaders. That’s why I kept the Jorgonian space suits to use. Anything yet, Salashar?”
“They are close. Shutting down the ship but leaving emergency back up. Commencing communication programmes shut down now.”
“So much more reassured do I become,” said Grakos.  
“Stop moaning,” said Drifta. “Providing we don’t die, we have nothing to worry about.”
“And if we do die?”
“We still have nothing to worry about. I think I see the invaders’ ships.”
“Just two I see,” said Grakos. 
This was encouraging. They had anticipated more enemy ships but with the communication to Zelphon still down, they had no idea what was approaching.


Fleet commander, Admiral Sebastian Maxford, was becoming increasingly concerned. The mission so far had been a partial success. The intention was to inflict some damage to the city on Zelphon, not quite the devastation incurred. After all, with the help of the masters of Jorgon, they had plans to use Zelphon to take over the Alliance planets. All five ships had started out with a batch of cloned babies each, so although the loss of one ship was unfortunate, they had suffered a significant blow with the loss of three. Any more would render the plan unviable. 
“How are the little darlings?” Maxford asked, peering fondly into one of the individual pods. 
Dr Harriet Nightingale had overall responsibility for the entire fleet’s babies, with hands on responsibility for those on this ship. “Well, Sir, I’d appreciate if we could refrain from engaging in warfare until we have them safely off the vessels. We almost lost these from a brief power outage.”
“It is what it is, Doctor. Our problem at this time is one of communication. We don’t know if our ship was destroyed on Zelphon or managed to land safely. Also, the links to Jorgon are completely dead. We should find out more in another day when we get there.”
“Didn’t the Jorgonians say there were two Alliance ships attacking them?”
“They did, but they were ready for them. If the plan succeeded, we could have one, maybe two ships to join ours.”
“But we don’t know for sure?”
“We do not. Returning to Earth is not an option. We all knew that when we signed up for the mission. It’s Jorgon or nothing.”
Nightingale stared down at a baby. “We were under no illusions about what we’d taken on.”
“Keep the faith. We have our destiny beckoning.”
“I still think it was a bad idea bringing the babies on this invasion. Why couldn’t they have come on the second wave of ships?”
“There are more babies to come then. In the planning, we hoped most of our babies would survive. There was always the possibility that those back on Earth would be discovered before the emigration. So we split them up hoping one way or another some would survive.” He looked at the baby. “Don’t you think he already looks a little like the Fuhrer? Keep up the good work.”
Back on the flight deck he dared ask, “Anything from Jorgon?”
The young man replied, “No, Sir. Nothing.”
“Right. Carry on.”
“Sir. Wait. A distress call…It’s from the ship captured from the Alliance. It was booby trapped. All the breathable air was expelled killing all Jorgonian crew except two… No wait. They had suits on but were blown out of the ship and are…floating in space.”
“Can we locate the ship?”
“Trying to find…here it is, Sir.”
“No exterior damage. Nothing lit up apart from a couple of small exterior lights. Any signs of the two survivors?”
“Not yet, but they shouldn’t be too far from the ship.”
“Anything from the base on Jorgon?”
“We have open channels to them but have had nothing. Shall I try them again?”
“Yes. Best call Commander Lok’jarvahl.”
“Calling Commander Lok’jarvahl. Calling Lok’jarvahl. This is the ship of Fleet Commander Admiral Sebastian Maxford. Are you receiving us, over.” They waited a few moments. Nothing but static.
“Get those two survivors in here. We might learn what’s happened.”
It took a further fifteen minutes, but finally the two ‘survivors’ were found. The remaining invading ships were within a few miles of each other, unmoving and huge against the two men stranded outside. 
“Our…air…supply is…almost gone,” gasped Drifta. “Help us, please.”
“Those are definitely Jorgonian uniforms,” Maxford said softly. “But there’s something warning me…”
Drifta said, “We have a device from Jorgon. It contains key information to succeed in your mission even if…even if all is lost on Jorgon.”
“No…air…” gasped Grakos.
“Get them on the ship, now!” ordered Maxford.
The ship’s rear airlock opened, positioned for easy access to the stranded men. They used their suit jets to enter the airlock which closed up behind them. A screen lit up and they could see the flight deck above them, Maxford seated taking up most of the view. 
“Reveal your faces.”
Grakosdrak’s dark visor slid back as did Drifta’s, but Drifta only revealed his eyes not wanting to give anything away that he was from Earth. 
“Your visor,” said Maxford.
“Stuck,” replied Drifta.
“Then remove your helmet.”
Drifta made as if he was struggling with the helmet. “Jammed. Look, Admiral Maxford. I have this device with the information you need. Time is running out and you really need to see this.”
A pause, then, “A crew member is coming to get you.”
Seconds later, a sealed door hissed open and a woman in a space suit stepped in. She was fully suited with her helmet on. In her hand was a weapon. Behind her in the passageway was another crew member with a weapon.
“Just a precaution, you understand,” said the woman. “Pass me the device.”
“Only I can access the data,” said Drifta. “I have the codes for that.”
The woman looked at the screen. “Sir?”
Maxford said, “Bring them to me. Wait. Do they have weapons?”
The woman checked the suits from a safe distance to see if any hand-weapons were attached. “Nothing I can see, Sir. One is carrying a small black cylinder of some kind.”
“Bring them to me but one wrong move, kill them.”
“Yes, Sir. You two. Through the door. I’ll be right behind you and I will shoot if I have to.”
Grakos went through the door first, followed by Drifta, then the woman with the weapon. Ahead of them were two more fully-suited crew members, both with hand weapons. Sandwiched between the trio, Grakos and Drifta were led through the ship until they finally arrived at the flight deck.
“Thank you for…” Drifta started. 
“Forget that,” said Maxford, holding out his hands. It hadn’t escaped the attention of Grakos and Drifta that all wore suits and helmets, but their visors were open, ready to close in an instant. Maxford approached the two visitors, his eyes trying to penetrate the eyes of these strangers. “The device.”
“It will only work for me,” persisted Drifta. “It’s specifically tuned to my DNA.”
Maxford didn’t flinch. “This may seem strange to you, but I wasn’t chosen for this position because of my good looks. Hand me the box or you will be off my ship in one minute.”
Drifta knew he was beaten and handed over the box, Grakos giving him his, “Told you it was a stupid idea” look.
Maxford passed the device to a young man who picked up a storage container into which he gingerly placed the device, then he sealed it inside before taking it away.
“My science officer,” explained Maxford. “He’s taking it to a strong room where he and my medical officer will thoroughly test the box inside and out. X-rays will be done to determine the internal workings.” He nodded to another officer who then pointed a weapon at Drifta.” Remove your helmets.” The helmets were removed and the truth revealed. Maxford examined the hairy, bearded head of Grakos with the darker skin and the three grooves on each cheek. Next he had a clear look at Drifta’s face. A fair haired white man like himself, with no facial grooves. “I always hoped to meet you in person, Driftaxol. Or would you prefer me to address you as Drifta?”
“You know who I am?”
“Of course. Our friends the Jorgonians warned me you could be a threat. And you must be Grakosdrak. Shorter than I imagined.”
Grakos was naturally about to react but he glanced at the weapon pointed at his barrel chest and held his tongue.
“Driftaxol. Look at you. Born of fine Earth parents. You could even be of Aryan bloodline.”
“Whatever Aryan means, I don’t like the sound of it if you are Aryan.”
Maxford shrugged and said, “To be fair, the Nazis redefined the term. Our spiritual leader Adolf Hitler believed that the Aryans of today have the most pure blood of all the people on Earth. The ideal Aryan had pale skin, blond hair and blue eyes. Hitler would see you as a perfect example.”
None of this made much sense to Drifta. All he really knew was that the man before him was everything he despised. Before he could think of an appropriate response, the science officer returned, minus the box.
“Sir. As you suspected, it was a threat to us.”
“Gas? An explosive?”
“No, Sir. I suppose the best description would be a scrambler. Once activated it would emit high frequency sonic pulses that would disrupt the ship’s electronics such as our navigation and weapons. It was designed to cause temporary interference enough to leave us vulnerable to attack. Relatively crude internally but I’m reasonably confident it would have worked.”
“Where is it now?”
“Sir. I deactivated it and ejected it from the ship.”
“Excellent work.”
“Shall we be ejecting these two, Sir?”
“Certainly not.”
From the controls his pilot said, “Their ship is booting back up, Sir.”
“No surprises there then,” said Maxford. “Stand by to engage but remain calm. They’ll be in no hurry to attack us. Hail them.”
“We have a connection, Sir. On screen.”
“And there she is. Another living legend. Salashar. You are not even an officer of the Alliance. No need whatsoever for us to engage.”
“Attacked Zelphon have you. Reason enough is it.”
“Hmm. Grakosdrak is your man, if I remember correctly. As you see he is safe. For the moment. And here we have Driftaxol. You have one hour to consider your situation. If you surrender your ship to us I will let you all live. As tempting as it is to throw them outside minus helmets, we will keep them for insurance for the time being. One hour. End transmission.” 

Chapter 96


Lovibeme’s ship was less than two thousand miles from the stand-off. A small cluster of space rock, itself the legacy of some random collision millions of years ago, had become the Alliance ship’s hiding place. One of her own young crew members had collaborated with Rosfordos on the design of the ‘device’, Ros constructing it from spare parts. Getting it onto one of the invading ships was key to success, but achieving the desired result once aboard was far from guaranteed. 
First had been the ‘how to’ discussion on getting the device into the alien ship. When Drifta had set out his plan, it was totally rejected. Maglissa’s icy expression along with her opinions on his sanity for even suggesting it had almost stopped the plan dead. They had sat together in total silence, until Drifta pointed at their screens.
“I’d just like to mention that two enemy ships are heading this way. If we do nothing, we’ll be fighting them and we may or maybe not beat them and survive. If my plan works, we will gain a huge advantage.”
More heated debate followed, Maglissa storming out on one occasion, returning once she’d calmed down.
Drifta said, “Come up with a better idea and I won’t do it. Otherwise, I will go. Anyone?” A couple more minutes of silence and Drifta was resolute. “I’m going. Final answer.”
“Mad you are,” said Grakos. “But a little crazy am I also. Together we go.”
The second challenge had been finding one of the black Jorgonian spacesuits to fit Grakosdrak’s squat, bulky build. 
“A diet later for you,” Salashar said, helping him squeeze into the largest suit they had found.
“All muscle am I.”
She rapped his head lightly with her knuckles. “Up here especially. Helmet on.”
“Only if a kiss from you I get.”
Salashar hugged and kissed her man, then whispered something for his ears only. He nodded, a final kiss and the helmet was on. Maglissa also had good luck kisses for her man, the smile fleeting. It was time to go. And now trapped on the enemy ship, Maglissa’s words of feminine intuition were echoing in the caverns of his mind.
“I’m in so much trouble when Mag gets a hold of me.”
Grakos pulled hard against the unbreakable shackles that secured them in the hold. Supporting re-enforcing struts ran along the external walls and around like ribs. Concentric holes the diameter of a man’s arm reduced the weight without compromising strength and also provided cargo securing points. Their shackles were looped through two of these holes.
“Reminding you of the trouble already in are we.” Grakos looked about the dull grey walls of the hold, lined with secure storage containers. “Not where I want to die is this.”
“Even worse to be shot down by Mag or Lovibeme’s crew. Tell me something. Will you being on here stop Salashar blowing us up?”
Grakos shrugged. “Might tip her over the edge to shoot at us.”
“Thanks for cheering me up.”
“Welcome are you.”
It was at that moment Grakos did something that shocked Drifta. He wriggled to his feet, braced himself, bent his knees, then launched himself into the air in a backflip. Somehow he was hand-standing on the supporting rib with his feet in the air. It was hard for Drifta underneath him to see what was going on but a storage container finally worked free of its webbing and dropped, missing Drifta’s head by a lock of his blond hair. Grakos followed the container, the hard floor breaking his fall.
“Enjoy that did you?” Drifta asked.
Ignoring the pain in his backside, Grakos replied, “Depends on what is in the container.”
“And just how do we get at it?” said Drifta.
“Hey. Get it down here did I. Your turn.”
“Fair enough.”
The container was on Drifta’s right whereas Grakos was to his left. Only Drifta had the slightest chance to get the container within reach. He wriggled down to lie flat then stretched out his right leg as far as he could.

Chapter 97


The hour was almost up. Lovibeme’s ship had broken free of the rock cluster and they were gunning for the second invader ship. It had been agreed that any attack on the lead ship was going to be by Salashar’s crew as it was their men being held on it. Sal and Mag had held off as long as possible, hoping against hope that Grakos and Drifta could somehow overturn the crew of the lead ship. They had also decided that no two lives outweighed the ship’s surrender. If that ship had to be destroyed, then so be it. It was for the greater good and both captives would have made the same decision. One thing for sure, before the hour was up, they wouldn’t be hanging around to be target practice.
The captains of the two ships from Earth were under no illusions about what the two Alliance ships would do, and once over the surprise of the hidden ship suddenly appearing from nowhere, they too were racing around deep space. This was certainly not about coming out all guns blazing. The invaders had two of the enemy in the hold of their lead ship, but both ships were crammed full of precious cloned babies. The loss of those would mean the end of a dream.
During the hour, Lovibeme and Salashar had received images of the destruction on Zelphon. It came with a simple message from Zaxtormon. 
“This is the deliberate actions of the invaders. If you can fight back, do so. Good luck.”
There could only be one response.
Lovibeme said, “Whatever happens next, this ends now. Balco. How's the leg?”
“Aggravating enough to put me in a fighting mood,” he replied, ready to blast away at the enemy.
“Then we're going in.”
“So are we,” replied Salashar. “Good luck.”
Maglissa was the key as Salashar’s only plasma cannon shooter. Drifta would have been close by on the second cannon but it was down to Mag to try to disable the invader’s ship, potentially killing her man in the process. She had assured Salashar she would do what had to be done but now was the moment of truth. Her hands flexed on the twin cannon triggers, ready to unleash the energy bolts of death and destruction. 
Lovibeme’s pilot Nolftakusil and Salashar were both ace pilots with years of experience. Their skills far outshone that of the invaders’, and now their skills met their ultimate challenges. 
An obvious warning shot from Maxford’s ship, deliberately wide as Salashar's ship did a double barrel roll followed by a twisting back flip. Maglissa’s shots as she compensated at lightning speed were close enough to scorch the paintwork and would have had the enemy crew instinctively flinching and ducking. 
Nolftakusil taunted the crew of invader ship two, forcing them to spin in giddying turns to hit back. “Feel free to destroy that ship,” she said.
Sergeant Balcobardok snapped back, “And spoil the fun you’re having? Line us up for two seconds.”
“Want me to ask them to stay still for awhile?”
“Just do it, Nol.”
Lovibeme said, “Go for the guidance control system, low rear end, Balco.”
Balcobardok waited for Nolftakusil to swing the ship around, testing even her considerable skills on the fast moving enemy ship but the line up came. The two ships created a deadly light show of their firepower, but Balcobardok was aiming at a more specific part of the vessel. “Damn, that was close.”
“Us or them?” said Nolftakusil. 
“Just spin us around you…”
“Fight the enemy, not each other,” warned Lovibeme. “Spin us around.”
The cat and mouse dogfighting raged at blinding speeds. 
Maxford was frustrated that the weapons used to flatten the city didn’t function in the vacuum of space. He desperately wanted the two Alliance ships to add to his fleet but if they had to be destroyed by his cannon,  so be it. “Destroy that ship!”
No longer confined to disabling the ship, his two shooters now had freedom to create mayhem. And blast away they did, their skills and confidence growing with each shot. 
“They’re getting too good, Mag,” said Rosfordos, alarmed at how close some of the blasts were to them, a couple crashing their computers for a nanosecond but it was still a heart-stopping incident. They breathed again when systems jolted back into life.
“Going in for the kill, Mag,” said Salashar. 
“Ready!”
The two ships charged at each other like two wild, fire breathing beasts. Both crews were prepared to die in one final glorious confrontation, just as Drifta and Grakos sneaked onto the flight deck. 
No weapons were found in the storage container, just random engineering tools, but the discovery of small laser cutters was like finding treasure. The shackles had been cleanly sliced off and now they were hell bent on creating havoc. Armed with one laser each they crept stealthily onto the flight deck, each selecting their target. That was the easy part—the entire crew were totally focussed on their space battle.
Drifta caught Maxford totally unawares as he rammed a searing hot laser cutter through his suit leg and into his flesh. Another yelp as Grakos inflicted similar damage to the pilot’s back. 
Maxford spun around, the expression of shock on his face enjoyed by Drifta—the laser was now aimed and fired at Maxford’s groin. Maxford fell backwards against a bank of control panels, both hands clutching his sensitive parts, smoke coming from between his fingers. The suit had saved him from too much damage but the pain still gave Drifta the chance of another go, this time the back of Maxford’s vulnerable hands. 
More screams of pain ensued. Grakos was in his best pirate mode, stabbing at anyone within reach. He was far more used to hand to hand combat than they could ever be. Two were on the floor writhing in pain but another kicked the laser from Grakos’ hand and was wrestling him as he tried to free his own weapon from his holster. 
Drifta focussed on his own adversary, who had exploded into a crazed fighting warrior. Of similar build to Drifta, Maxford was no stranger to the martial arts and although Drifta landed a solid right cross to Maxford’s head, he still lashed out with kicks and chops. Drifta was floored by a blow to the side of his neck from the burnt right hand. 
As they both hit the floor kicking and yelling, it quickly became a numbers game and both Drifta and Grakos were being overpowered, Grakos managing one final heroic dive to the navigator who had stayed at her post, keeping the ship on course. Grakos dragged her out of her seat and with his bloodied fists pummelled the instruments randomly, smashing enough to cause a small series of burn outs and explosions. It was only when something solid smashed onto the back of his head that his knees buckled and he dropped to the floor and was dragged by his feet away from the carnage he’d caused, his unconscious body dumped next to Drifta’s. 
“Damage report,” Maxford snapped.
“Serious but not catastrophic, Sir,” said the navigator. “Back up systems working…more or less.”
The crew were back in position apart from one aiming a weapon at the two men on the floor. 
“We’re on a collision course with the enemy ship, Sir,” said the pilot.
“Cannons. Fire at will.”


Like Salashar, Rosfordos had seen the strange few seconds of flight of the invader’s ship as its navigation systems reacted. “I’m picking up some kind of damage over there.”
“Grakos,” said Salashar, confidently. She was taking them on a wild, erratic flight avoiding the cannon fire raging all around them. 
Maglissa’s exchange hit the underbelly of the ship, piercing the hold where Drifta and Grakos had been secured just minutes before. Debris including items from the smashed open storage container drifted out into space but the pressure loss was confined to the hold so the ship battled on.
A hundred miles away, Lovibeme’s ship was also in a dogfight with the second invader’s ship. Even Pilot Nolftakusil’s considerable skills were being tested as they spun and dived at eye-popping speeds. Balcobardok could only squeeze the triggers and hope for a lucky shot which wasn’t coming their way. The young woman rookie on the second cannon had less experience and was almost crying with frustration.
“Move over, sister. I’ll handle this.”      
Captain Sen’latorl had been forced to sit on the sidelines, trying to keep out of the way of the busy crew. Seeing the turmoil of the woman on the cannon, she could hold back no longer. The woman hesitated, unsure what to do.
“But you’re a master.”
“Was. Not any more. Move.”
From the flight deck Lovibeme had seen the exchange on one of her screens. “Let Sen’latorl take over.”
Balcobardok also had reservations but trusted his captain. Within seconds they would learn if that judgement was well placed. The whole ship was suddenly rocked by a glancing shot but the integrity of the hull held up. A few practice shots from Sen’latorl and then she was matching Balcobardok’s close shots, one causing minor damage.
Nolftakusil still had control of their ship but another hit would take them out of the action.
“Going in for close range. Make it count.”
And they did. Both Balcobardok and Sen’latorl scored fatal damage to the plasma drives and the enemy ship exploded, a total kill but the resulting debris heading in all directions was as deadly as any cannon fire at close range. 
One hundred cloned babies, in individual incubators but also together in a single huge emergency containment shell were jettisoned from the exploding ship and hurtled towards Lovibeme’s ship. Nolftakusil made one desperate attempt to avoid collision but was a fraction too late and their ship was hit. Maglissa’s concentration was on the leading ship, and as the cannon fire from it ripped past them, she fired back with pinpoint accuracy at the enemy’s cannon ports. Two ports, two explosions and that ship lost its firepower. 
“This is Lovibeme. Calling Salashar.”
“You’re alive?” Rosfordos gasped. 
“For about two minutes. Both plasma drives about to blow and so will the ship. Too much damage to escape.”
Salashar’s rapid calculations told her what she already knew. “No time to save you.”
“I know,” said Lovibeme. “But we’ll have died a good death.” 
“Not if I have anything to do with it,” said Ros. “I’ll not lose you, Lov.”
“No. Go rescue Grakos and Drifta.”
Rosfordos wasn’t listening, overriding the ship’s commands.
“Ros!”
“There’s one thing this ship can do no other ship can. Bend time.”
“Not going to happen is that.”
“Sal. If we don’t try, I can’t live with that. Please.”
“Right. Grakos would say to try. Don’t know how this works, so do what you think, must you.”
“Thanks, Sal.”
There were hidden controls and commands built into the ship with unique connections to the complex drive units. Only ever tested by Ros in secret simulations, it would either work or destroy them. Leaving the enemy ship behind, their crew frantically repairing the cannon, Rosfordos and Salashar took their ship two thousand miles away.
“What’s happening?” asked Maglissa. “My husband needs help.”
Ros replied, “That ship is in one piece, Mag. If he and Grakos are alive we’ll help them later but we can save the whole crew of Lovibeme’s ship.”
“Or die trying,” added Salashar.
“I’m coming up.” Mag joined Sal and Ros on the flight deck. “Hear the words bend time did I?”
“I know I can do this. I think. Try to take us back in time just enough to the moment of impact which might give us enough time to launch a shuttle over there.”
Words try and might didn’t fill Mag with much confidence in the untested system. She returned to the cannon and strapped herself in and thought of her Drifta, hoping with all her heart he and her father were still alive.
“This is it,” said Ros. “Course set for Lovibeme?”
“Course set,” confirmed Salashar.
“It’s been a privilege knowing you,” said Rosfordos. “Here we go.”

Chapter 98


Grakos opened one eye, the one not bloodied and swollen. The pain in his head reminded him of the worst hangover he’d ever had. With a pain that threatened to explode his brain, he turned to see Drifta by his side, still barely conscious. 
“Hey,” he whispered. “Alive are you?”
“Hmm. No. Go away. Let me die in piece.”
“Been hit have we.”
“No shit. I’ve been hit all over the place.”
“The ship, stupid. Been hit.”
Drifta’s blurred vision cleared enough to see around him. He could see only two on the flight-deck, both engrossed with getting the ship fully operational, their backs to the beaten men on the floor. Every other hand was working on stabilising the ship and getting at least one cannon functioning again. Two were outside the ship making external repairs.
Drifta wriggled his limbs to see if anything was broken and was relieved to find he was still intact but thought a couple of ribs might not be. A glance over at Grakos told him it was the man’s great power of will allowing him to move. Then he noticed one of the lasers they had used as weapons on top of a workstation. If he could push through the pain barrier he had a chance of grabbing it. He pointed at it so Grakos understood his plan. Grakos held three fingers up, then two, then one then Drifta dived for the laser, twisting the grip to on as Grakos took on the nearest man. With his mighty arm around his neck, Grakos ended his life in one swift movement. The woman who had been working next to him launched herself fearlessly at Grakos but Drifta grabbed her and rammed the fiery tip of the laser tool to her jugular and her eyes rolled then she dropped to the floor, dead.
“Good work,” said Grakos. His hand was out for the laser off Drifta.
“We can’t take the others on with just this,” Drifta said.
“Give it to me.”
Drifta handed it over and followed him empty handed to the main door of the deck. Expecting Grakos to go charging through with the laser in his hand, Drifta wasn’t about to let him go alone. But Grakos stayed inside and examined the door. He destroyed the sensor that worked the door’s automatic mechanism, then for good measure, with the last of the laser’s power he fused the door shut. 
Grinning at Drifta, Grakos said, “Not just a pretty face am I.”
“Not even a pretty face. Good thinking, Grakos. Now, lets see if we can control this ship.” 

Chapter 99


It was all about speed, timing and coordination. With only Rosfordos fully understanding how they were about to attempt what should be impossible, she could only bark out the specific commands to Salashar as they raced across deep space towards Lovibeme’s doomed ship. Every factor was critical and as the elements of the procedure converged with just one final command sensor to press, Rosfordos said, “This is it.”
Nothing happened. They looked at each other, their faces a mix of every possible combination of emotions. Salashar was about to speak when a surreal distortion of localised time occurred, and they were suddenly looking at multiple representations of themselves and each other—a confusion of beings in a kaleidoscope of light and colours not seen in real time. Then a roar of energy tore through the ship and they were just three women on a mission again. 
“Still on course are we,” confirmed Salashar, forcing herself back to the new reality whatever that was. 
They had indeed broken the time barrier and they could see both ships were still intact. They were racing past the enemy ship towards Lovibeme. It was at that critical moment that the second enemy ship, hit by Lovibeme’s cannon, catastrophically exploded. Salashar could do little to avoid the debris blasting everywhere and the cell of one hundred babies missed them, on its way to smash into Lovibeme’s ship. Then came a roar of sound as her own ship was shredded, the internal pressure gone and death was inevitable.


Grakos and Drifta were at the ship’s controls and had everything working as much as they could. They hadn’t experienced the localised time shift but the whole ship had been shaken badly by some unknown ripple. 
“Have we been hit?” Drifta asked.
“Don’t think so.” Grakos paused and ‘listened’ to the ship. “In one piece, still. But the other enemy ship has vanished.”
“Things don’t just vanish. Look. About two thousand miles away. Something exploded.”
His attention was drawn back to the door on which laser cutters were being used to gain entrance. In seconds, the fused metal holding the door shut melted away and with brute force the door was opened enough for those outside to enter, weapons at the ready. Maxford was first through, so badly wanting to kill Drifta and Grakos. About to fire his weapon at Drifta, unarmed and expecting to die, and a bright yellow light suddenly filled the room. 

Chapter 100


Everything seemed to happen in slow motion yet in no time at all. Salashar, Maglissa and Rosfordos were in mid last gasps of life. The yellow light was so strange they simply thought it to be part of the dying process. But then in some distant part of their failing consciousness lurked a familiar comforting memory. Not cold, but nonetheless frozen in time, they couldn’t see Dalmikriz, son of Forglatkos and Mozlanalos, moving freely amongst them. 
Dalmikriz was trying to make sense of it all, determining what had happened and, more importantly, what should happen next. The huge hole in the side of the ship giving the unrestricted view of space and the three humans on the cusp of death were what he concentrated on. One human in particular caught his attention and he crossed over to her side, his face close to her face and the shattered visor. A wave of sadness filled his non physical form as he recognised the young woman slumped in the chair, the webbing of the harness preventing her from falling out to be sucked into the vacuum of space. But Rosfordos wasn’t just dying from having no air, as it was with Maglissa and Salashar. In the explosion, a long shard of metal wreckage had forced its way through her body below her ribcage, and on through the chair.  As he watched her, he realised she was leaving her physical being, entering the next phase. 
“Hello, Rosfordos. What have you been doing?”
Her evolution was still incomplete, one single second as the body shut down holding her back.
“Dalmikriz?”
“Somebody has been tinkering with time. Never a good idea.”
“Oh, Dal. We had to try…to…save Lovibeme.”
“Ah! Yes. She was about to die with her crew on her ship. That strange thing about to destroy them. Has…will destroy them. Oh, Rosfordos, my beautiful Ros. You three risking your lives to save her crew. And it can’t be done. It has happened, will happen, already happened. Can’t you see the complicated situation you’ve created?”
It was still difficult for Ros to comprehend what was actually going on, unable to fully rationalise in her state of transition. “My body. Put me back so I can save Lovibeme.”
“That I cannot do.” He looked about him at Maglissa and Salashar’s body, suspended in life only due to him pausing time. With that gone, both would die in seconds. Those seconds were still ebbing away as he could only slow things down. “I must release us into time so you can be with me. If I do that, your friends will die. Nothing I can do about it, Ros. I save you, we lose them.”
“Can you save them if…if you let me go?”
In his strange, non physical state, he had been so unhappy. Not for the way he now was but to be that way without his love, Rosfordos. He knew of her shared moments of intimacy with Lovibeme and he had been both happy for them and jealous at the same time. “If I could save you all I would. But I am still just me, one being on my own. Three ships are in peril and not enough of me to go around.”
Ros looked down at her body pierced with the metal shard. “I’m dead, already. Leave me, save Maglissa and Salashar.”
“I will not lose you again, Ros. My life will have no meaning if I do.”
“I do want to be with you, but not if Salashar and Maglissa can’t live out their lives.”
Suddenly, the bright yellow light grew even brighter.
Forglatkos ignored his son. “Rosfordos. You would sacrifice your happiness for the lives of your friends?”
“Yes.”
Mozlanalos said, “You are a very special spirit, Rosfordos.”
“Mother,” said Dalmikriz. “What am I to do?”
“Take Rosfordos. We shall do the rest.”
Dalmikriz understood what she was telling him to do and he did so. He let go of Maglissa and Salashar’s bodies as Forglatkos enveloped them into his light. Rosfordos’s body gave one final reflex gasp and died, her spirit leaving her unconscious physical form as it became complete inside the light of Dalmikriz and together they drifted from the ship just a little way off so they could see what happened. Mozlanalos vanished to be helpful if she could to Lovibeme and her crew. 
Within Forglatkos’ safe light, Salashar awoke. She still couldn’t breathe and Forglatkos had to work fast.
“Salashar. Remember me?”
She could only nod her head. 
“What happens next is impossible. Are you ready for the impossible?”
Another weak nod. 
It was a concentration of pure willpower to do something even he had never tried to do before. The harnesses of both Maglissa and Salashar snapped apart and both bodies floated off their chairs. They drifted out of the ship, leaving the dead body of Rosfordos behind forever. Through space they travelled, on to the ship of Maxford. The cold hard metal before them, no way onto the ship or so it seemed. Then Salashar saw the hole which Maglissa had blasted in the belly of the ship and through this they entered. Salashar pointed at the internal airlock, an additional safety feature. Forglatkos concentrated on the sensor and the door opened. He guided both women inside, closing the door on the three of them. Salashar’s hand was so close to the emergency air supply but it was only with a nudge from Forglatkos she pulled the lever, air filling the airlock. Weakened more than he thought possible, Forglatkos let them go so they could breathe.
“I will never do that again,” he promised himself. “Wait. Let me see what is happening in there.”
He did what physical beings couldn’t do, passing through the internal door of the airlock. Entering the flight deck he could see some of the energy from Mozlanalos just held time on the ship but she was weakening.
“Nice…nice of you to drop in. Just passing, were you?”
“Like you I’ve had a challenging time. I have Maglissa and Salashar behind that door.”
Through this energy he pieced the puzzle together. Drifta and Grakosdrak were about to be shot by a man he didn’t know but the evil emanating from him could choke the life from a crowded room. Forglatkos floated over to take a good look at the evil one. 
“I happen to be a very good judge of character and yours is one I would never want to know.” He examined the weapon in Maxford’s hand. “Already fired I see.” The tip of the laser fire was frozen like a white hot bolt of energy, and he knew once time was released again, Drifta would have a hole right through his body.
“I cannot sustain this much longer,” Mozlanalos warned him.
 This would require some delicate interference. His depleted energy would be insufficient but combining with the energy of his wife, Maxford’s arm was moved by the smallest of margins. It was as much as he could do. Moving behind Drifta he tried to determine the angle the laser would travel. “That is horribly close. You might get hit, young man, but with luck you won’t be killed. Time to bring in the reinforcements. Ready?”
Mozlanalos said,  “Do it now.”
Forglatkos passed back into the airlock. Maglissa was awake but groggy, Salashar having explained the situation. They had their weapons ready.
“Drifta’s about to be shot. The one shooting is over the far side in that direction. Stay low and just shoot as you open the door. Ready?”
As one they said, “Ready.”
Salashar hit the sensor and the inner airlock door hissed open. They kept low, both blasting in the general direction Forglatkos had indicated as Mozlanalos let go of her tenuous grip on the localised time. There was a yelp from Drifta as his shoulder was grazed but the unexpected opening of the inner airlock had Maxford aiming at the women. 
His shot hit the ceiling as one of Maglissa’s shots put a very neat hole in his head. He dropped in a weirdly graceful way for a dead man. Salashar dropped the next fool to step over Maxford and Maglissa’s satisfying shot exploded the hand of the third and her fingers dropped off. She turned to run only to have an extra hole shot into her backside. 
Grakos couldn’t be prouder of his wife and daughter. “Not too bad was that,” he said.
“No time,” said Salashar. “Lovibeme’s ship about to blow up. Need the shuttles over there now do we.”
“Well I’ve had a gut full of this junk pile,” said Drifta. “This way.”
“Look out,” cried Salashar as one last desperate individual dashed into the flight deck, tripping over the two bodies then accidentally shooting himself in the chest as he fell to the floor. He looked up and for a second was about to take one last shot but groaned and died.
“That was easy,” said Grakos. 

Chapter 101


The missile of babies smashed into Lovibeme’s ship. Two were injured including Sen’latorl. Balcobardok cradled her in his arms, his own blood from a gash on forehead dripping onto her. Lovibeme made a rapid assessment of the damage to the ship. “The drives are about to blow.” She called Salashar’s ship, not realising she had already done so. “This is Lovibeme. Calling Salashar.”
“Need a ride, do you?” said Salashar. “Two shuttles with you in twenty seven seconds. Secure helmets and leave the ship now.”
“How did…” 
Lovibeme dropped that superfluous question and had her crew securing their helmets, exchanging two that had been damaged in the explosion. With a line tying themselves together and Balcobardok holding Sen’latorl in his arms, they jettisoned themselves off the doomed ship. Two shuttles loomed into sight and hatches opened and arms pulled in the stranded. Seconds later they were racing away as Lovibeme’s ship exploded. 
“My beautiful ship,” said Pilot Nolftakusil. “That’s just criminal.”
“I’ll buy you a new one,” promised Lovibeme, just happy to be in one piece. 
“Very well timed and thank you, Drifta,” said Nolftakusil. “Now, any idea how we get home?”
“Not a whole lot of choice,” said Drifta, happy to let Maglissa fly the shuttle. 
In fact there was only one ship remaining. It was once the flagship of one Fleet Commander Admiral Sebastian Maxford, deceased. As the two shuttles made their way back to the ship, they had time to explain, or at least try to, what had happened.
Lovibeme said, “Hey. Enough. All that messing with time just hurts my brain. What I want to know is where is Rosfordos?”
“Gone, Lovibeme,” said Maglissa. “Died a hero’s death saving me and Sal did she.”
Lovibeme’s eyes closed as the words sunk in. Those few warm memories of affection locked deep within surfaced, tears flowing freely. Mag reached across and squeezed her hand.
“I can’t believe it,” said Lovibeme, taking a deep breath. “Ros, dead.”
“No,” said Drifta. “No way is she dead. She’s with Dalmikriz. Ros is a very special spirit and the Luxhominum know that.”
“She’s very special to me, too. They’ll be happy. Yes. I know they will.”
“Time to dwell on that later,” said Drifta. 
“Captain.” It was Balcobardok at the rear of the shuttle. From the medical kit he had crudely patched up his head wound and he was doing his best for Sen’latorl. “Captain, Sen’latorl’s in a bad way. She needs more than I can give her back here.”
“I’ll get back there and help him,” said Lovibeme. “Get us to the ship as fast as you can.”
As the two shuttles ramped up to full speed, Lovibeme worked on Sen’latorl with Balcobardok. They both had experience of dealing with injuries in the field of skirmishes but neither would claim to be experts. Sen’latorl opened her eyes for a few seconds, saw Lovibeme’s face, smiled and drifted away again.
“I’ve lost Ros. I’ll not lose you. Hang on in there and that’s an order.” Sen’latorl was indeed hanging on by the time they reached the ship.
“Who closed up the main hatch?” Grakos said.
“Not us,” Salashar insisted. “Wait. A call from the ship.”
“Are you getting this? You out there. Can you hear me?”
“All dead I thought,” whispered Maglissa. “Hear you can we.”
“This is Doctor Harriet Nightingale. I’m trying to keep one hundred babies alive.”
“Open the ship,” demanded Drifta.
“No. You’ll kill me.”
“You can’t fly the ship alone,” said Drifta. “Let us on or you will soon die out here.”
From the back of the shuttle, Lovibeme shouted, “We have a badly injured passenger. You can save her.”
“Then what happens? You’ll kill me and my babies!”
“Drifta, hurry,” pleaded Lovibeme.
“Help us, I promise we will help you.”
“And the babies?”
“Yes! Now open…”
“She’s doing it,” said Drifta. “Get us in there.”
As soon as the shuttle bay repressurized, they bailed out and entered the ship, Grakos carrying the injured Sen’latorl. Lovibeme and Balcobardok were both ready with weapons but they encountered no hostility. Nightingale wasn’t alone. The woman with half a hand missing simply stood, unable to do much else with her wounded backside. 
“This way,” said Nightingale. She had been preparing the medical bay for the injured and Grakos gently lay Sen’latorl on a bed. “I’ll need a nurse. Everyone else out.”
Lovibeme’s basic medical training kicked in and she worked with the doctor to strip away the bloody spacesuit. It wasn’t a pretty sight. 
“I’ll do what I can,” said Nightingale. 

Chapter 102  


They were racing against time to get the ship to a state of repair safe enough to get them home to Zelphon. Pilot Nolftakusil had pushed Balcobardok to go rest up as he was in no state to be useful. Suited up with the three rookies, who had already gained a year’s worth of experience on this trip, she told them they were going to patch up the gaping hole in the ship’s storage hold. 
“Looks much like the barn on my daddy’s farm,” said a young man. “Got drunk and drove his hover tractor straight through it.”
Usually, anyone comparing a ship, even this one, with some old barn would have had her close to inflicting grievous bodily harm on the perpetrator. She hoped her visor hid her furious expression. 
“Yeah. Your name again?”
“Zalbronadip… Sir. Sorry, Ma’am.”
“Well done for remembering it. So, Zalbro…”
“Actually, people usually call me Zal.”
“And so they should, Zalbro. From farming stock, right?”
“All my life, Sir. Ma’am.”
“So using a metal fuser is second nature to you, right?”
“Well, actually we used a…”
“The answer is yes. You go find…whatever it is you need. You two. See those internal partitions? Take them apart so we can patch the hole with those panels.”
“But we have no…”
“The correct response is yes, Sir.”
“Yes, Sir. Ma’am.”
The pilot rolled her eyes. “And you’re still standing here because…?”
As they scurried away, she let the line she was attached to slacken off to take her up to the hole. “Well done, Maglissa,” she said under her breath. “You really made a mess with your cannon. Could have been worse. Cut away all of this…and that. All that. Fuse in a beam there, there and…”
“Sir. Ma’am. Sir. We’re ready.”
“You took your time, Zalbro. Here’s what I think we…”
Zalbro jumped in. “Cut away all of this and that. That has to go. Fuse in a beam there, there and double skin the lot.”
“Yeah, that could work. Keep yourselves tethered at all times. Lose any tools you’ll pay for them. If you have any problems, don’t hesitate to solve them without me. Carry on.”
“Yes, Sir. Ma’am.”
Nolftakusil was eager to find out how the others were messing up the control centres. The butchery staggered her. 
“They let you loose with a vibrosilator Drifta?”
“Hey. When you work on a fishing trawler in an ice packed ocean as I have, this is a breeze to use,” said Drifta, dropping it.
“Yes, I see holding it could be a problem. And you’re putting this unit in there?”
“Got most of it done already.”
“Very neat. Now take it out of there, turn it upside down and redo it.”
“Really?”
“Unless you enjoy flying backwards, I’d recommend it.”
Drifta said “Yes, Miss,” like he was back in school. 
“Yes, Miss,” mocked Grakos with a chuckle. “Anything you say, Miss.”
“And does that conduit blow hot air for your hair after a shower, Grakos?”
“No. It’s part of the internal control cooling system is this.”
“Interesting. Fitting it that way around would overheat the navigation units in a record time.”
“I knew that.”
“I don’t think so.”
“No, Miss.”
This time, Drifta chuckled. 
“Maglissa. Excellent work.” 
“Salashar taught me did she.”
Nolftakusil got down to the legs protruding from underneath the control units. “Winning, Sal?”
“Still have a two degree bias on the drives. Down to one can I get it.”
“Two’s good enough, Sal. I’ll compensate. That gyroscopic modulator still needs work.”
Salashar slid herself out. “Ten minute job that. Check the boys work will I, then sort the modulator. How is your team?”
“Better than nothing.”
“Messing with their heads are you?”
“Somebody has to. No, not really. That said, I’d better go see they haven’t made the hole bigger than it was.” She flipped her visor down and went back to her team.
“I like her,” said Mag.
“One of the best,” said Sal. “Grakos. We haven’t got all day.”
“Yes, Miss.”
Back in the hold, the team were already packing away their tools. Nolftakusil stood and examined the side of the ship. “A little rough here and there, but not as bad as I’d feared.”
“Actually,” said Zalbronadip. “That isn’t our work. It’s some old repair. This section here is our work.”
“And I was about to say that compared to this botch up over there, this is first class work. Good job, Zalbro. Take five.”
“Take five what, Sir? Ma’am?”
“Go take a break.”
Her team scurried away. She stood a moment, admiring the work. Reaching up she felt the faultless seams with her fingertips. This level of competence in a job done so fast was remarkable. “Nice. We just might make it home in one piece after all.”
Her next stop was the medical bay. Nightingale and Lovibeme had done all they could and a patched up Sen’latorl was hooked up to machines that bleeped and a bag of blood dripped into her bruised arm. Lovibeme was still holding her hand.
“Hi, Captain. How is she?”
“Hanging on. Nightingale gives her a fifty-fifty chance if we can get her to a hospital soon.”
“Lucky there was blood on board.”
“It’s mine.”
“Yeah? Then she’ll be as strong as a broxen when she recovers. The repairs are going well. We should be on our way in a couple of hours after a systems check.” Lovibeme was close to exhaustion and Nolftakusil knew the woman very well. “We need a break. Come on.”
Everybody had finished their work and they desperately needed a feed of ship’s rations to carry on. Once fed they hauled themselves up for one more push. 
Nolftakusil and Salashar shared the systems checks which they ran three times. 
“Not too bad for a beat up old bucket,” said Nolftakusil. “Let’s go home.”
Salashar called out, “Buckle up, people. Going home are we.” 

Chapter 103


One year later.
“Not wearing that are you,” Salashar said emphatically. She stood in ‘that’ hands on hips stance perfected by women over thousands of years.
As far as Grakosdrak was concerned, the black and brown, broxen leather tunic with its white contrasting trim on the six deep pockets was the height of functionality and style. At least it was when a master village craftsman had made it thirty years ago. 
“Back in fashion is this.”
“Says a man who knows nothing about fashion.” She went through what could only be described as an eclectic and unconventional mix of male clothing until she could coordinate something not actually repulsive. “Those. And hurry you, or be late shall we.”
Grakos grinned and took her in his arms. “Look gorgeous do you.”
Salashar tried to still be annoyed but mellowed as she ran her fingers through his wild black locks. At least he had let her trim his beard. “Not sure why, but still love you do I.” She kissed him and added, “Dress now, you.”
The trip from Consolon to Zelphon had been their first space flight since returning from their adventures. An Alliance ship had brought them for the reunion in the rebuilt Council administration headquarters. Grakos had changed his outfit by the time a hidden speaker heralded the arrival of the official hovacar. 
They stepped out of their apartment at the same time as Drifta, Mag and little Varlimiran. Seven month old Varli was sound asleep in his hovacot, with not a care in the world. The doors of the driverless hovacar opened up for the passengers and once they were all strapped in, it whisked them away across the city. Drifta and Grakos took the front seats, Mag and Sal took up the back seat with little Varli nestled between them. The men had little interest in whatever it was that women with a baby talked about.
“Sleep well, did he?” asked Sal.
“I did, thanks,” said Drifta. 
“Not you, idiot. Meant my lovely granddaughter did I.”
Although Salashar was stepmother to Maglissa, she insisted she was a grandmother to Varli. Drifta’s family home was as finished as a home could be and Maglissa had created a safe garden for Varli to play in when she was older. 
As they sped through the city, weaving in and out of the other vehicles, Grakosdrak was impressed with the changes even though he didn’t like cities. The planners had designed a better city for the changes to come in the future. Huge robots were still everywhere on the outer regions, programmed to build to the very highest of modern standards.
“Nice when finished will it be.”
Drifta said, “Okay for an occasional visit but I wouldn’t want to live here.”
“Better for Varli to live on Consolon,” said Grakos. 
The hovacar pulled up outside the gleaming new headquarters building and the doors opened. Six fresh-faced enforcer rookies in spotless blue uniforms stood proudly in a line and to a signal from their sergeant, they snapped to attention and smartly saluted.
“A pleasure and honour to welcome you officially,” said the sergeant.
“And a pleasure and honour for us to be here, Sergeant,” said Drifta. “A fine bunch of recruits you have there.”
“The best of the best, Sir.” To the troops she said, “At ease.”
They were escorted into the huge foyer where smartly dressed people busied themselves with undoubtedly important business. Some fifty people were waiting, eager to welcome them. It was Domtavora who stepped forward, shaking all their hands. “Grakos, old friend. I see Salashar is looking after you well. Behaving himself I trust?”
“Not noticed if he did,” said Salashar. “Have a new addition to the family do we.”
“A beautiful little girl with her mother’s good looks. Two people you must meet. This is Guyrifdal, the new Principal.”
“Call me Guy,” said the stocky, energetic man, shaking their hands. “Domtavora finally retired.”
“We thought it would never happen,” said Tolpwaslo, linking arms with Dom. “I’ve retired also and this is our new Council Chief, Koltrimlus.”
“A woman,” said Maglissa, approvingly. “We need one to keep order in the chamber.”
Drifta said, “A couple of people missing I see.”
“Ah, yes,” said Domtavora, the suggestion of sadness in his expression. “We have the star ceremony ready this way. Follow me, please.”
They all made their way to a special place where they saw those familiar faces. In the Hall of Reflection, some two hundred people sat, several wiping away the odd tear. All around the high walls were the many stars of remembrance of the Alliance officers who lost their lives fighting the invaders. A separate special place for the civilians who were killed in the raid lay to the north of the city. 
“We’re about to start,” whispered Tolpwaslo, indicating a clear area for them to stand which they did. 
A big man in ceremonial uniform gave a slight nod of his head to the guests from Consolon as he called for order. Zaxtormon was not one for long speeches, so he was straight to the point. 
“I call for our Alliance Chief Security Commander elect Lovibeme, to light a symbolic candle of dedication to all those brave officers who gave of their lives to protect us.”
The congregation stood as Lovibeme approached the wall of stars. This particular star had an additional embossed gold garland design around the name. Lovibeme lit the candle then turned around.
“Rosfordos was and still is, someone very special and I knew and loved her very much. I believe that without her ultimate sacrifice, we would not be here today and the planets of the Alliance would be very different and not in a good way. Jorgonians have eradicated the oppressive slave masters completely and Jorgon will soon become the eighth planet in the Alliance system. 
We have also received news from Earth. All the operational bases of the invasion force have been destroyed and those responsible have been imprisoned for life. Our environmental scientists are there, working with the various nations to repair their planet and they have already made encouraging progress.
  The Alliance has learned much from all this. The threat from Earth may well have gone, at least for now, but that doesn't mean another threat from some as yet unknown planet couldn't happen sometime in the future. The Council have unanimously voted to invest in the Enforcers and a new, state of the art fleet is being built and our best and brightest are being trained up to serve in it. Making that a success is my priority and will be my legacy.
“I wish to acknowledge the many years of dedication and service of retiring Security Commander Zaxtormon who has been my rock and inspiration, and although he would never own up to it, has been like the father I never knew.” She couldn’t help herself, turning to Zaxtormon to blow him a kiss. “One more thing I take from the rebuilding of Zelphon City is that as it becomes even more the city of the future and the heart of the Alliance, is that we must also strive to be better than we were. This is a time of embracing our differences and be accepting of those a little different from ourselves. It is now my happy duty to present our highest civilian honours to our special guests. Please step forward, Grakosdrak, Salashar, Maglissa, Driftalox, Withers, Farmer, Lan Yang and Romano.”
They stepped forward and Lovibeme presented each with a gold star with a blue letter A for Alliance in the centre.
“There is one more who I feel deserves this honour, but she has gracefully declined. My life partner Sen’latorl who is here with our adopted son, Senibeme. Like me they are survivors of the conflict and Senibeme will be raised by us in a world of love and hope as will I’m sure the rest of the two hundred babies from Earth. Go in peace and love.”
Most of the relatives of the fallen spent a little time looking at the many stars on the walls before leaving. Lovibeme and Sen’latorl took their baby over to meet the others.
“That was nerve racking,” admitted Lovibeme.
“I thought you were wonderful,” said Sen’latorl, baby Senibeme in her arms. 
Sergeant-now-Captain Balcobardok said, “Much easier to be blasting around in a ship than speech making, I’d say.”
“That’s a neat little scar, Balco,” said Drifta. 
“One of many,” said Balcobardok. Tapping his scarred forehead, he whispered, “It impresses the ladies.”
Domtavora clapped his hands. “We have a banquet waiting for us in the main hall if you follow me.”
“About time,” said Grakos. “Eat a broxen could I.”
After a playful ‘behave you’ elbow jab from Salashar off they went.
As they filed out, Drifta found himself the last to leave. He paused and looked back at the rows of stars and wondered just how many visitors in years to come would appreciate the legends behind each star. He turned to catch up with his wife and child when he caught sight of something from the corner of his eye. As if from nowhere appeared two spheres of golden yellow light which hovered near the star of Rosfordos. Perhaps it lasted just a second until the two spheres merged together and in an instant were gone.
“Come on,” Maglissa called. “Or my father will eat it all. What are you looking at?”
“Oh. Nothing. Just a trick of the light.”
It was time to move on with the rest of their lives.



 

Author’s Note Hitler’s Secret Bases.  
Author’s note. I had reached the part where Lovibeme had attacked the underground base on planet Jorgon when a tv program caught my attention. It was how Adolph Hitler had built several massive hidden (sometimes underground) bases built during WW2 using slave labour. Some have only recently been rediscovered. All new to me, but it goes to show, if Hitler could do this without the Allies knowing about it, why couldn’t a similar thing be built in the near future with the backing of wealthy far right thinking powerful politicians? I must have been onto something. 


