Drone Club On the Road
jamesjohn
~ ~~ ~~~ ~~ ~
This spinoff adventure fills the gap between the first two books in the Drone Club series. Stevo and Devin step out of their school’s Drone Club right before the pushback against their evil sponsor comes to a boil. The pair have their own plans for a future, and they take the ugly van out on the road to start making it happen. It’s an adventure with a hot payoff.
~ ~~ ~~~ ~~ ~
With author comments
at the end of each chapter!

Drone Club On the Road
DCa OTR v2.3 2021-12-21
Smashwords Edition
ISBN: 9781005366827

Copyright 2021 jamesjohn
visit me at: jamesjohn.com

No part of this work may be used or reproduced in any form without the express permission of the author.

This eBook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. It may not be re-sold or given to other people. If you would like to share this book, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you are reading this book and did not buy it, or if it was not bought as a gift, then please buy your own copy. 
Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.

Table of Contents

Chapter  1 ~ The Club 
Chapter  2 ~ Take Off
Chapter  3 ~ Theft
Chapter  4 ~ Hideout
Chapter  5 ~ Adventure
Chapter  6 ~ Fine-Tuning
Chapter  7 ~ History
Chapter  8 ~ Revisit
Chapter  9 ~ Success
Chapter 10 ~ Possession
Chapter 11 ~ Cleanup
Chapter 12 ~ Encounter
Chapter 13 ~ Letdown
Chapter 14 ~ Disclosure
Chapter 15 ~ Enchantment
Chapter 16 ~ Reality
Chapter 17 ~ Treasure
Chapter 18 ~ Hope
Chapter 19 ~ Future
Chapter 20 ~ Chores
Chapter 21 ~ Mastery
Chapter 22 ~ Exposure
Chapter 23 ~ Affirmation
About Me
1~ The Club 
“Pulsing gravitons,” suggests Stevo.
“At the frequency of Earth,” Devin nods, imagining it while he flies, “Heterodyne it so you can use the harmonics for directional force.”
“Where do you get this shit?”
“I pay attention.”
“Right. With fringe videos.” Stevo eases back in his recliner, bored, still not willing to log off early so he can finish Mrs. Richardson’s assignment. He’ll do it while they walk to the main part of school and during roll call. She’s very chatty at roll call, ‘checking in’ with everybody.
Their imaginary antigravity coil is taking shape. They’ve been playing with the idea since yesterday.
Around them the Clubroom hums. If the Boyz gang had been there, the racket from their corner two consoles would have overrun everything, but early mornings are quiet. Only serious Game Club members show up before classes start and their low chatter is focused on the flights at hand. The swish of cooling fans can actually be heard.
Unifly’s sleek proprietary gaming consoles fill the disused classroom in the high school’s old wing. Wraparound screens play complex scenarios, self-adjusting recliner chairs make it hard to go to class, and each Operator’s Matrix of flights draws them in to the world of semi-intelligent commercial drones. UAV simulations are all that their sponsor lets them run in the Club but nobody complains because the images are crisp and realistic, the adaptive controls responsive, the games always challenging. Amongst themselves the members call it ‘The Drone Club’ instead of The Game Club, and there is a waiting list to join.
The far wall of the ancient Clubroom is covered by a badly-installed forest mural, and a mish-mash of posters spread across the rest of the room. Their faculty advisor is never there because the Club runs itself, and even when Mr. Friedrich stops by he doesn’t understand what was going on. The room is busy from the moment the school is opened until the janitor kicks everybody out at the end of the day. Students fill the room even during study halls, free periods, and lunch breaks.
Later that day, Stevo and Devin are settled back in their usual consoles near the Boyz, their proximity to such a ruckus giving them privacy.
“Hey lookit that.” A girl is ushered into the room by their resident extravert, Matt.
“I see her. Don’t stare.”
“I’m not staring.”
“Your eyes are bugging out. Take a breath and put your tongue back in.”
“She’s gettin a tour.”
“Matt’s got a girlfriend?”
“Didn’t think so. He’s cool, but not that cool.”
“Not like you.”
“Exactly.” Stevo has clean lanky Midwestern blondness, but his mother keeps telling him he slouches too much.
“Look at that hair.” The girl’s auburn curls are out of control. “And she looks interested,” Devin indulges in a note of hope. “But she...” he breaks off because they’ve been spotted. Matt is bringing her over.
“Hey, guys, this is Marisa. Pronounce it ‘Mar-ee-sah’ or she’ll stomp on your foot. She just joined the Club.” Matt beams as if the whole thing is his idea while the girl shoots him an oblique look, clearly not knowing what to make of his unpredictable humor.
Matt is in full tour-guide mode with nonstop patter, so Stevo and Devin get back to their flights. It’s nice having a female audience, but it makes everything harder now. Devin switches to a flight that needs routine maintenance so he has something easy to focus on, Stevo calls up the flight with the best camera view so he can show off without looking like he’s doing it, and they exchange glances.
So the Club now has a girl.
It’s about time.
The boys consider their chances. Matt thinks she’s cute and sees her hiding behind big glasses and fluffy cardigan as a challenge. Stevo keeps telling himself she’s not really his style, even though she might be. Devin knows he has no chance, and hopes she’ll be friendly so he can steal glances without looking too weird. He’s small and towheaded, so weirdness is relative.
Marisa had thought it would be difficult to get into her new school’s Game Club, but it had actually been easy. Then she had hoped that the gaming would be superb, and it clearly was. Of course it’s a boy’s club, big surprise, but the system... is nothing like she had imagined. Her dad is a consultant to the corporate sponsor, but she had no idea...
Over the next couple of weeks Stevo and Devin keep an eye on her, as does every other member of the club. Matt is especially witty and the Boyz boast and swagger even more than normal, but Nate hogs all the attention. He’s brooding and edgy, and he’s racked up enough points on one of his animal protection flights to earn some action.
She has just finished a tutorial in an ‘egg cooker’ trainer when he gets his chance for calling in a strike, and everybody pauses their consoles to watch.
Stevo can see Nate’s screen just by leaning over, but Devin would have to climb out of his recliner and go over. Then he might end up standing next to her, so he decides to stay put and just see what he can by peering over Stevo’s shoulder. He looks around for someone who’s streaming it so he can watch on his phone.
Nate’s high score has earned enough points for the game to give him poachers and a reason to call in a strike, which of course he does in true Nate style.
It’s a hot moment, rare but rewarding.
The camera view zooms in on a rough group of men, most holding rifles, and two game spotters are highlighted in the nearby trees. Nate pins the encroachers with a locator while the tiger is still safely away on the hill above, and a yellow ring of devastation surrounds them, well clear of the animal. Then there’s a ball of fire so realistic you can see the individual leaves flash into flame. The men near the edge of the yellow ring fall and quiver, but the ones at the center just aren’t there anymore.
The room is silent. Everyone gathered behind his console is breathless.
Nate is not done. He changes his focus to the nearby encampment, and with the more open ground the yellow ring of devastation is much larger. The game is so realistic that when his second strike hits everybody reflexively cringes back before leaning in to see the carnage. There’s even a disfigured baby crying next to a body that’s missing a leg.
The points rack up with another comma, a far higher score than anyone has ever gotten before.
“No mercy, huh,” Marisa says.
Nate bristles, “It’s a game."
They go back and forth about what the point of the game should be, and he finally tells her, “It’s practice for real life.” 
Stevo glances over his shoulder at Devin, “Action junkies.”
Having all the Club members gathered around makes Devin nervous, so he just gives a little nod. Then they go back to their flight programming. Stevo is working on a Path routine that will add flourish to his security patrols and Devin is figuring out a new way to merge all of his camera views into one composite.
As they’re logging off, Stevo pretends to be all smug and superior about his mediocre point score but the joke falls flat because Devin never has any idea what his points are. Whenever he gets done programming a survey Path or setting up sneakier surveillance parameters he always forgets to look.
Marisa becomes a fixture in the Club. She surprises everyone by passing all of her tutorials in the time it usually takes newbies just to get used to the system, and then she gets assigned Nate’s animal protection flights after he moves on to terrorist patrols. She is more attentive to her charges than he ever was, and when she’s not in class she’s in the Clubroom from the moment the school is unlocked until the door is locked behind her at night.
It’s nice having her around and Devin even talks with her a few times, but then she messes everything up with her discovery.
Their flights are real, not simulations, and she proves it dramatically when her father almost becomes one of the victims. The Club holds an offsite meeting and goes on a war footing. Truth and justice against corporate greed and manipulation. No more free student labor working for Unifly’s criminal customers, no more lies about what is going on, no more triple-charging for services and getting illegal tax breaks.
A clever plan unfolds. It would be hopeless to confront the corporation directly, so first they’ll get social media buzz going against commercial drones, then they can state their case in the court of public opinion.
To pull it off, fake flight information is sent back to Unifly so their sponsor thinks everything is normal, while in reality the Club members are making anonymous disruption flights that start filling social media with complaints, sightings, and selfies. Santos the master hacker manages the data flow, Marcus the tech genius supplies the hardware, and Marisa leads the way with Matt at her side.
Even Stevo gets caught up in it for a while.
“You’re gonna piss off all your friends,” Devin chides, trying to keep his mind on his flying.
“Not all of them. Just the game heads, and they’re always pissed off. I’m just giving them something useful to do.”
Stevo has gotten his game developer friends to edit-down recordings of actual Club flights into generic ones that can be sent back to Unifly as a covering smokescreen. The online group thinks it’s helping a struggling young developer get a new flight simulator up and running, and Unifly seems to be easily fooled by the footage.
“I’m flying rings around you,” Devin challenges. They’ve both been assigned swarm flights, and while Devin is embracing the new possibilities of having a cloud of little fliers, his friend is still treating them like normal drones.
Stevo leans over for a better look at his friend’s screen.
It’s filled with a confusing mess of camera views. The telemetry and telltale windows are in a corner out of the way, and parked just above them is a long narrow programming window that has a marker stepping through the code.
“How are you flying those things?” Stevo asks. He’s just been directing the group as a whole and letting his swarm’s individual copters self-organize. The system gives him a composite view of all the cameras for 360º visibility, and it’s definitely an upgrade over flying one drone at a time.
His friend seems to be going beyond this and working with them individually.
Devin brightens up, “Here. Lookit. I’ll give you the baby view.” His fly-eye images are replaced by the panorama of a computer-generated composite and he slides the programming window to the forefront, “Now see here where I’ve accessed the control interpaths?” He highlights the routines he’s inserted into the base code. “You can control how they fly with each other, and use that to control how the swarm flies as a whole.”
“Huh. Wanna send me that?”
“Maybe. If you promise to use it. No more flying like it’s just one big copter.”
“Sure...” Stevo leans farther over so he can read his friend’s code documentation. “So then I can make the cloud of copters break apart... or even fly in a shape?”
“Now you’re gettin’ it.” Devin brings back his fly-eye matrix of individual camera views, preferring to combine them inside his head instead of using the dumb computer-created one that seems flat and disconnected. He enables his latest subroutine and puts the swarm’s telltale graphic front and center so Stevo can see how the swarm is now flying in a ring that could literally fly around Stevo’s swarm.
And this is actually possible. They had just discovered that both of their new swarm flights are located in Las Vegas. Under the cover of the fake smokescreen flights they really could find each other in the air and interact.
Right away they stop flying the harassment flights for the Club and start playing. Neither one had liked the risky pushbacks against Unifly, no matter how justified, so they start creating artistic performances that will attract an audience instead of just making incidents that attract attention.
“Nice save.”
“You like that? Here it comes again.”
“Oh no. Got you figured out now.”
“No you don’t. Watch out for that woman.”
“Crap. Forgot the crowd.”
“How ‘bout this?”
“Nice weave.”
“Collision evasion.”
“See? I told ‘ya. Swarming the back streets is choice.”
“Let’s go behind that casino. Bet they have a loading dock.”
“Yeah. Put on a show for the workers on break.”
“We’re a flying USO.”
Meanwhile, their Club friends are knocking off people’s hats, buzzing picnickers so they scatter, and flying stupidly to attract attention, all to annoy people and get social media going. Renegade drone videos blow up all across the media, and now with Stevo and Devin’s performances, the mystery drone flights are attracting as much admiration as ire.
But the Club’s Actions weigh upon Stevo and Devin.
“We’re gonna get caught,” Devin tells his friend.
“Don’t I know it.” Stevo doesn’t sound concerned.
“No. It’s gonna go bad,” Devin presses, “Even if we win, we’ll lose.”
“What are they going to do to us? Convict us for shaming them?”
“Yeah.”
There’s a tone in Devin’s voice that stops Stevo, and he starts thinking beyond their coming Drone Club fame.
Devin presses his advantage, “We need an exit strategy.”
“Exit, stage left?”
“Naaa. Exit through the back door.”
The pair starts batting around ideas, and form a plan.

~ ~~ ~~~ ~~ ~

I like Stevo and Devin. They’re strange, brilliant, and follow their own path. This companion story to the Drone Club trilogy bridges the first two books and gives us a chance to see their perspective amidst the Club’s huge undertaking. They are helping out their friends but have their own take on things, and they stick together to create something more personal than the revolution that surrounds them, for a future of their own making.
2~ Take Off 
As the Club succeeds with its sabotage and minor mayhem, and the evidence against the evil corporation keeps mounting, it’s clear that things will come to a head soon. The uncertainty about what will happen makes it seem like a good idea for Stevo and Devin to have their own exit strategy, just in case, and planning it helps them relieve the stress about what their friends are doing and the part they’re playing in it.
Their favorite idea is wildly risky. If they snagged a few of Unifly’s drones and figured out how to control them they could go into business for themselves. They’re flying two swarms... Would a few missing copters be noticed? Stevo and Devin keep glancing at each other, wondering.
“What if we get caught?” Devin is the ‘designated worrier.’
“It’s no worse than what the Club’s doing. And it’s gotta much better payoff, if we can get ‘em to work.”
“We’d need a control system too.”
“We’ll figure it out. There’s that Freeflight app. I can put it on my tablet.”
“That’s a line-of-sight baby system. These are real drones. We need a transmitter.”
“Run it through a cell phone then... I don’t know... We’ll figure it out.”
Devin sighs and shakes his head, “Guess we don’t have much to lose. Even if the Club wins we’ll prob’ly still be in trouble. And if Unifly does cave in, that won’t last”
“Unifly will always be Unifly,” Stevo shrugs, “Might as well take advantage of the confusion.” There’s little downside to having a private scheme, and it may really pay off. “Least we can do is scout it out, see if it’s possible.”
When they fly intensely along the foothills of the desert their friends conclude that they’re either taking a break from being drone performers or looking for a new audience. They keep their voices down while they search methodically.
“I wish these things would go faster.” 
“You’re like Nate.”
“Ouch. Cut the cut.”
“Cut it out.”
“Always gettin’ the last word.”
“I’ll let you have that one.”
Sand and rock fill their screens as the swarms hug the hills and dry washes, then the worn-dead landscape changes to rougher reddish-purple hills and there are little cliffs with intriguing nooks and crannies.
“Lookit what I found.”
“Cool. I’m coming over.”
“Hurry up I gotta go to class.”
“School. We’re better off without it.”
“Yeah. Smarter, too.”
“At least me. You’ve already peaked out.”
“Get over here and see. It’s just what we’re looking for.”
“What gives it all that color. Is that real?”
“Real as anything else. Marcus’s girlfriend would call it ‘purr-tee.’”
Their plan slowly falls into place: They come up with cover stories for being gone, Stevo gets permission to use his dad’s old van, his aunt has a place they can use for storage and maybe a base of operations, and pulling it off starts to seem possible.
But the Club’s hack to sway public opinion starts having little glitches, and Stevo starts worrying about his involvement with the smokescreen flights. If the pushback against Unifly fell apart it would really piss off the game developers and they would blackball him forever.
Of course it would be magnificent if the Club pulled it off, so Stevo works with Santos to try and track down the weirdnesses, but they don’t get anywhere. Devin helps out by managing both of the swarms while Stevo is busy.
As social media explodes about renegade drones, the Club’s Actions also risk being given away from within. Nate’s infamous hat knock-offs and Stevo and Devin’s swarm performances become memes that everybody talks about, and it’s hard for Club members to not talk about them. To make it worse, the Boyz loudly debate who has the most famous selfie right in the middle of the cafeteria. With their new fame, there’s a real danger that the Club’s plan will be given away before they’re ready for the final confrontation. 
One day the entire flight system suddenly goes down, freaking everybody out. It comes back quickly and then seems normal enough, but Stevo and Devin decide right then that they should enact their plan before it’s too late.
They’ve also heard about another opportunity to snag Unifly equipment.
Ridgeview, a neighboring high school, had been trying to start up their own Game Club, but infighting and politics has bogged down the setup even though Unifly has already given them the consoles to make it happen. Apparently, the equipment is just sitting on the school’s loading dock because they can’t even agree on where to store it.
“Let’s case the joint,” Devin says in a Bugs Bunny voice. 
“Yeah. This might be good,” says Stevo.
They get close to Ridgeview and Devin parks his Mom’s minivan next to some bushes so it’s hidden while they walk the bike path to get behind the main building and take a look.
It’s disappointing. There’s no line of crates like Marisa’s friend had said. Just a few large boxes off to the side where delivery trucks back up to drop off food and supplies.
“Maybe they got it set up.”
“She said the room won’t be ready for at least a couple of weeks, if even then.”
“They must have found someplace to put them. Console boxes would be huge.”
“What are those crates, then? Maybe they’re leftovers.”
“Yeah. Leftovers behind the kitchen.”
“Let’s take a look.”
Stevo keeps the security cameras spotted while Devin leads them close along the building, hidden by the roof’s overhang. It’s a bold move neither would have done without the other, and ‘for next time,’ Stevo takes pictures.
There are two sturdy boxes taller than Devin and one squat one with its invoice pocket ripped open and empty. Stevo finds a shipping label on one of the tall ones. 
“It says Unifly. It came from Unifly... Twelve Shadowfly, whatever that is. And one Training Module.”
“Must be extras.”
“Lucky us.”
“Let’s get out ‘a here!”
Their plans expand, and it’s hard not to run on the way back. Now is the time to get moving on their plan.
~ ~~ ~~~ ~~ ~
“How long this been sittin’ around?” Devin peers in through the open side doors of the van, wary of leaning in. Standing next to the hulking old thing makes him look smaller, paler, his features even more pointed.
From the driver’s seat, lanky Stevo turns and rests his knee across the back of the engine cover, “It’s been waitin’ for us.” He smirks until Devin meets his eye.
“First stop, the car wash,” Devin concludes.
“Naa. The dirt’s camouflage. Who’ll pay attention to a dirty old van?”
“Immigration, DEA, bad cops...”
Stevo surveys the big empty space, imagining the snub-nosed van packed with illegals. The wood-paneled walls and ceiling look darker because the side and back windows are heavily tinted, and the gloom makes the orange carpeting seem less out of date.
He shrugs, exaggerating casualness, “Well, if we get stopped, we’ll... Just act natural.” It’s the Club’s inside joke and gets him a sour head shake from his friend.
Nothing for it, Devin concludes, still not quite understanding his Dad’s favorite saying whenever something is not worth worrying about. He tries to shut the side doors but they jam together.
“Shut the left one first and then pull up that flat handle to lock it,” Stevo tells him, “Then, the other one works just like a normal door. Yeah. There ‘ya go.”
Devin climbs in and shuts the remaining door behind him, making sure it latches solidly, then stands with his head ducked under the ceiling while he examines the small passenger seat in the narrow space between the orange shag of the engine cover and the curve of the front wheel well. The seat clicks down loudly when he leans against it to peer through the glass at the ground right in front of the van and he jumps back, Holy crap, his head knocks lightly against the paneling, The seat isn’t even fastened!
“It’s okay, Dev. Just a folding jump seat. It’s locked down now, solid as anything.”
Yeah, long as the door doesn’t fly open, or they don’t hit anything, or...
Devin tries the seat and it does feel solid. It actually fits him, which most seats don’t, and it perches him up and forward so that the front tire’s wheel well makes a nice footrest. There’s even a nook next to the engine cover where he can stretch out his left leg. The passenger door is right at his elbow though, and it’s a long ways down to the step where you would get in. The side door behind him actually seems like it would be easier to use.
Stevo watches him settle in, giving his friend his best reassuring smile. “You got the balcony seat. And it’s better than this one,” he bounces up and down on the driver’s seat, making it thud and squeak. “My Dad put a lotta miles on this puppy.”
While Devin searches for more than just a lap belt Stevo turns the key and the engine thrums instantly to life. “He’d load it up to the ceiling with boxes, firewood, furniture. It’s a one-ton, and it’ll haul anything if you can fit inside. Great for camping, too. And when the drive-in was still open we’d slide in the sofa loveseat and it was the spot to watch a movie.”
Stevo’s brother and sister would play in the far back until the show started, and from the cushy spot you could rest your feet up on the engine cover and see the entire screen through the vast expanse of windshield.
“Drive-in?”
“Yeah. You know, movies? Outside? At the Starlight when it opened up again for a while.”
The long drive out of town had been torture because his dad might or might not stop at Dairy Queen, but if they pressed him about it, then he definitely wouldn’t stop.
A double-dip cone sounds good, Stevo thinks. But no, they’re too busy going for it, like his Dad had done when he had hustled to get his career going. Stevo lingers over what it must have been like to be his father twenty years ago. And now, driving the ungainly avocado green van makes him feel like a doppelgänger.
Stevo tries to feel invincible. It worked out for him, it’ll work out for us. Their plan is bold, exciting, and it’s time to act, to be ahead of the confusion that’s about to happen between the Club and Unifly. Their moment has come, and the prizes will be totally worth it.
But there’s doubt. We’re bailing right when things are getting good. Stevo glances at his friend, understanding Devin’s busy nervousness. They’re staying ahead of the game, sure, but the risk has become real now. Will they pull it off?
“We’re going for the prize,” he announces, “It’s all gonna fall into place.”
“As long as we don’t get caught,” Devin says. He had tried to sound unconcerned, but he’s clearly wound tight and barely holding himself together.
“We won’t get caught,” is Stevo’s reflexive reply. “We’ll be done and back before they even figure out something happened.”
Devin doesn’t answer as they drive off. There is nothing in front of him on the other side of the windshield and he can feel the street rushing by right under his feet. If he leaned far forward he could see it disappear under the bumper, but he’s not about to. It looks like Stevo is tailgating but Devin knows he isn’t. It just looks like it. They stop at a light and it seems like they’re sticking out into the intersection. Cross traffic zips by mere feet in front of them and it’s all Devin can do to not cringe at each passing. Riding in the flat-fronted van will take some getting used to.
Stevo tries to jolly him, “We’re leaving on the high note, aren’t we? We’re famous, free and clear.” When Devin still doesn’t say anything he glances around for something to toss at his pensive friend, but there’s just some maps and papers in the wide nook under the dash and their packs and duffels are out of reach.
Devin cinches his lap belt tighter, acutely aware of the engine roaring right next to his knee. “You sound like it’s over.” He has to raise his voice to be heard.
“Relax. You’re the one who wanted adventure.”
It isn’t true... or is it? Devin can’t remember which of them got started with this ‘adventure.’ As if it mattered. Sigh, he knows it was both of them. Just a few days ago, even just yesterday, he had thought this would be fun. Well, isn’t it? He takes another look around inside the van. It is pretty cool. And huge inside. The small foldable seat fits his slight frame and he can brace one foot on the wheel well while the other stretches out on the narrow strip of floor. He sits back, This could work out. The little rubber floor mat is in surprisingly good shape for such an old workhorse.
“This is just the first chapter,” Stevo says, and as soon as the light changes he leaps the big vehicle ahead to keep up with traffic.
Devin wants to hang on to something, but there’s nothing for him to grab except for the armrest on the passenger door. That’s where the door latch is located, so he just holds onto the edges of his seat and re-braces his feet.
Devin yells over the engine noise, “You sure the plates are gonna look right?” 
Stevo smiles, “Sure. Check it out.” He reaches down for the fat manila envelope that’s wedged next to his seat pedestal and sets it on the tray top of the engine cover. Shoulda tossed that at him to loosen him up, he laughs to himself, but no way would he mess up his artwork by throwing it around.
Devin firmly wedges his legs against the van’s sudden lurches and snags the packet. “We’re not racing,” he complains.
“It’s a van. This is what it’s like out at the front bumper. Check it out,” Stevo waves vaguely at the cars around them, “We’re just barely keeping up in the slow lane, but it feels like we’re racing. Gotta love vans.” I could live in this thing, he smiles to himself. His father did, and ooh ick, with Mom, too.
Devin takes his friend’s advice and examines the cars, trucks, and the world passing by. It’s true. They’re slotted in behind a delivery van and a stream of zoomers are going by to the left. He sits farther back into his balcony seat and makes himself settle down. On with the show.
From the envelope comes three sets of license plates printed on cardstock. The fake plates do look good. They’re slightly shiny and falsely three-dimensional. There are Velcro dots on the back for quick changes.
“Sprayed ‘em with clear coat,” Stevo says, “and sprinkled on some glass beads so they’re reflective, just like the real thing.” He’s particularly proud of that touch.
He quickly spins the big almost-vertical steering wheel to get them around a corner, and glances across to see that Devin is no longer hanging on for dear life. When they zip by a stopped bus his friend recoils only slightly and then relaxes again into his front row balcony seat.
The envelope also contains fictional permission slips that are dutifully signed by their parents. The fake ‘Senior Wrap-Up Retreat’ gives them a reason to be away for a few days, and Stevo got to borrow the heavy-duty van so he could ‘haul their class’s camping gear’ to the imaginary activity. There are also copies of the Absence Approvals that let Devin attend a ‘family tragedy’ and for Stevo to accompany him in his ‘time of need.’ These officially excuse them from classes so the school won’t call their parents and check up on them.
Being in the Drone Club has taught them how to use false stories to cover their trail.

~ ~~ ~~~ ~~ ~

These guys are opportunists amid a vaster landscape of opportunists. To Stevo and Devin, their side thing doesn’t seem any worse than what Unifly and the Club are doing, and amid the chaotic stressors of school, parents, and society at large, there’s comfort in working together on their own brilliant plan.
This adventure is the start of new things for them, even though they might be too clever for their own good.
3~ Theft 
They get close, their phones are shut down, and when Stevo turns into a residential area he does it abruptly to heighten the experience.
Devin makes sure he doesn’t react. The engine noise subsides and he can speak in a normal voice, “We should swap plates now.”
“Naw. Too many bored people lookin’ out the window. I know a place. Spotted it on Earth Map.”
They turn onto a side street past a ‘No Outlet’ sign, and Stevo moves the column shifter up into second without giving it any gas so the engine eases to a nice puttering sound. “Look.” They approach a turnaround and the packed-together houses give way to two large trees straddling a brushy access road. There are glimpses of a grassy open area beyond.
Stevo gives them just enough momentum to bounce over the curb and between the trees. After they scratch through the brush for a few seconds he comes to a stop.
Devin settles back and eyes the bushes next to his door, “Cool. How do we get back out?”
“We’re getting in.” Stevo raises his chin and beams a small grin at his friend, being intentionally irritating.
Nothing for it, Devin pops open his door and slides down to the weedy ground, taking the large envelope with him.
Stevo gets out just to watch, but then starts fussing. “Make sure they match.” After his friend sticks on the front plate he pushes his finger over each image of a fake screwhead to hear if the velcro crackles.
Devin frowns at this, then peers ahead of the van, “This trail goes behind Ridgeview, doesn’t it?”
“Yep. Right to the lawn at the back, next to the auto shop.”
“There’s a fence,” Devin counters. He goes back to the rear plate and starts to carefully line it up, but then carelessly sticks it on crooked just to bug his friend.
“We go past the chain link and drive across the field. That way we come at the loading dock from the side.” Stevo squints at Devin’s job with the rear plate. “That’s what it looked like on Earth. Brought some cutters just in case.” He straightens the cardboard, and when he pushes it on better the velcro crackles loudly, making him nod with satisfaction. He’s oblivious to Devin’s evil grin, and when he steps back it looks just like a real plate.
Devin moves on to other frets, “And the boxes will fit inside...”
“Sure, why not?” Stevo takes the envelope from him. “When my aunt and her kids moved here, Dad got all their stuff inside this thing. The trailer they rented only had to carry their beds, the washer and dryer, and the couch.”
Devin gazes along the van’s high roofline as he walks back to his open door. This is the first time he’s used the passenger door and it’s definitely harder to get back up inside than the side door next to it. The seat is almost at eye level, and the high step up is narrow because the front tire is right there just in front of where he gets in. It makes the door have a funny shape.
He slips at his first attempt, then with an ‘I meant to do that’ attitude jumps up the step and onto the seat.
They sit in the gloom of the evening, listening to the sounds of sports practice fading, then cars starting up and leaving. As it gets dark the van gets chilly.
“I’ll let you nail the cameras,” Stevo teases. They both know that Devin is a hopelessly bad shot.
Finally it’s time to go and Stevo reaches behind the seat for his Delacroix Terminator paintball rifle. His fingers fumble to open its case and he takes a breath to slow down, then carefully lifts out his baby, not meeting Devin’s eye, and gets out of the van ready for action. As an afterthought he grabs the ignition keys before clicking the door shut.
It’s dark, but there’s enough ambient light to see the track that leads away through the brush, and when they reach a vantage point they hunker down so Stevo can get ready.
“We’ll be flyin’ our own shit when this works out.”
“If you can even hit those things.”
Stevo’s first shot arcs over the top and slightly to one side of the closest security camera. “Okay, I got its range now.”
Devin peers across the field to the loading dock where the three crates still sit. There’s just not enough of them. There might be another small box behind the foldable table, behind the flimsy chairs, but he can’t be sure. “It can’t be a console,” he mutters to himself. The curved ultra-high def screen would never fit inside one of the larger boxes, and the auto-adjusting recliner chair would have to break down an awful lot to fit inside the other two, if it were even possible.
Stevo fires three quick shots and the middle one glances off the corner of his target. “I got a hunch. They’re not big enough for the screen, but a folded-up recliner and base would fit. We could stick on a cheap wallscreen... and upgrade later.” His next shot hits the glass lens squarely, making a satisfying thungg sound. “Two consoles might be sittin’ right there, with the bases in that smaller box.” He’s happy with his hit, but doubts his own words.
Wouldn’t it be sweet if it were true. “It’ll work out either way,” Stevo concludes. Their main prize is the surer thing, even though it’s complicated. “Let’s get closer to the other side.”
“Yeah,” Devin doesn’t sound so sure. He eyes the creamy liquid dripping down from the camera. It’s thicker than he thought it would be. He snorts, “And maybe Ridgeview won’t miss their equipment.”
“Hardly theirs, yet,” Stevo’s voice wavers while they scurry hunched down, “They’re still fightin’ about their club room. Serve `em right if they never notice.” He pauses and ducks under a bushy tree, becoming invisible in its faint shadow. “You know what Marisa says about this place.”
“Yeah. Bunch’a  snoots.”
The next paintball hit takes only two tries, causing Stevo to beam a prideful nod at his friend.
“Nice one,” Devin eyes the second dripping lens, “That’ll really keep them from seeing us?”
“That’s the plan. Worked great on CityMesh,” an urban crime show, “I thickened it just like Dat Mesh did,” he laughs, “It works.”
On their way back to the van Stevo starts getting nervous about driving in. He’s sure the student parking lot cameras are too far away to see much, but just in case, the fake license plates will throw them a false lead. But still, the weird old van would be easy to track down. This could go horribly wrong...
Stevo bolsters himself, “Their nice prissy school is cluttered with those dirty boxes. We’ll help ‘em out, give their smoking area more room.”
When they are back inside the van he carefully puts ‘his baby’ in its case and stashes it behind his seat, then stares off through the almost black windshield, ignition key in hand.
“We should go.” Devin puts on one of the dollar store wide-brimmed hats.
Stevo inhales noisily through his nose. “Yep. Let’s do it.” He turns the key with a quick bump so the engine starts at a low idle, and they follow the overgrown track using just the parking lights, which he’s made dimmer with two layers of masking tape. As they start coming out into the open he clicks off the lights. “Didn’t see a fence...”
“I didn’t see anything.”
Stevo bumps them through the rough low scrub and they both start breathing again when they reach even ground. Stevo speeds it up to get them across quickly, and in spite of the harsh glare of security lighting they feel less exposed when the van drops down onto the service area’s stained pavement.
“Help me back up.”
Devin hunts for the door latch, then misjudges the distance to the ground when he drops down.
“Get where we can see each other in the mirror,” Stevo loudly whispers, “Tell me when to stop.”
“I should open the rear doors first.” Devin runs to the back and gets the right door swung away, then fumbles in the dark before finally getting the left one open. The security light from the loading dock floods in.
“Stay where you can see me in the mirror,” Stevo reminds him, and when he repeats his Dad’s pat phrase, “If you can see me, I can see you,” he gets that doppelgänger feeling again.
“Okay, okay. I won’t let you hit the dock. Come on back.” Devin watches his friend’s face in the mirror and waves his hand in a circle like he’s seen thousands of times somewhere.
While backing up to the raised cement alcove Stevo makes himself focus on his spotter, just like his father taught him to do. It’s tempting to look over his shoulder and gauge it himself, but he might misjudge the distance or hit an unseen obstacle. This isn’t the time for screwups.
But Devin is distracted by the goo-dripping cameras, and when the open doors grate against the dock’s rubber bumpers Stevo stabs the brakes. “Hey! Who’s watchin’ that thing?”
Stevo shuts the engine down and leaves the key dangling in the ignition. When he hunches down to walk back through the van he realizes that the carpeting has to be rolled forward out of the way, so he hastily does that, then remembers to grab his wide-brimmed hat, and finally steps out and up onto the loading dock.
The boxes are bigger than he remembers from their earlier visit. The empty packing list pocket still trails a limp flap of plastic, Unifly’s address label is still pasted to the side of a large box, right next to bright ‘Delicate Equipment’ and ‘Do Not Stack’ labels. He notices that they’re sitting on little plastic runners stapled to the bottom of each box and tries one of the bigger boxes, lifting a corner slightly. “Sucker’s heavy.”
They push the table and chairs out of the way and manhandle the boxes by spinning them in little sweeping arcs. Devin gets a grim look on his face and they both forget to look around watchfully. At the edge of the dock Stevo lowers the first tall box onto its side with a dull solid thump, and they’re relieved when it easily slides down into the van from the higher surface.
They handle the second large box more confidently and it just barely fits next to the first one.
Then Devin points out, “The smaller one won’t fit.”
Stevo sighs, finally noticing. The large boxes are too tall to stand up inside the van, and even though he had gotten down inside and slid them forward against the roll of carpet and the seatbacks, the space left is clearly too small. 
While they hesitate Devin has the presence of mind to scan the dock and parking area, but if they’ve been seen it’s already too late.
“I got it,” Stevo quietly announces from the gloom inside the van, “Turn ‘em sideways.”
“They’ll fit?”
“Looks like it.”
“It’s pitch dark in there.”
Stevo takes on a sour tone, “I measured it with my arm. They’ll fit.”
“Okay then, let’s turn ‘em.” Devin jumps down into the van and is almost able to stand up inside while Stevo has to hunch over.
They slide the second box back out until it pushes against the dock, and then they have just enough room to turn the first one sideways. It tries to jam on two opposing corners but they shove past it, then discover that the second crate doesn’t have enough room to turn because of the rear wheel wells. This is solved by rolling and lifting while turning it, severely crumpling one of the corners, and finally the last box just barely fits inside.
“Holy crap,” Stevo lifts his hat to wipe sweat from his forehead, “Here, I’ll pull away. You close the doors.”
Okay, mister bossy. Devin has to shove to get the left door closed and latched, then the right one shuts easily.
“Come on!” Stevo urges.
“Hang on.” Devin scurries up the steps that lead back onto the dock.
Stevo is about to call out again, but sees that his friend is sliding the table and some of the chairs back into position. Nice touch.
Devin jumps down, and as soon as he starts climbing up into his seat Stevo is rolling away. “Hey! Bring me along too, will ‘ya?”
“Sorry,” Stevo says. He then remembers that heroes are never supposed to apologize. In the gloom he sees that their track back into the woods is clearly visible. “Crap, anybody’ll see our trail.”
Devin says, “Nothing for it. Let’s get out `a here.” His dad’s saying is starting to make sense.
Stevo’s first try at getting the heavy van up over the curb is too timid, and then he races it a bit too much on the second attempt. The van bounces up into the air and the crates groan as they lurch forward onto the soft ground, then the going is quiet and smooth.
“I can’t believe we just did that.”
“Compared to all the other crap we’ve been doing lately?”
Little branches flip by the van’s mirrors when Stevo guides the van past the gap in the bushes.
“Turn on your lights. You’re gonna hit something.”
“Naw. We’re headed back out now. I can see good enough.” But then Stevo almost sideswipes a bush so he clicks on the dim parking lights. When the shapes of the two tall trees loom ahead he has just enough time to stop before they end up at the street.
Devin gets out and grabs the disposable license plates, and when he leaps back up into his seat, he forgets and slams his door. “Let’s get moving!”
“If you insist,” Stevo parodies lighthearted tolerance.
When they drive away the heavy silkiness of the loaded van on smooth pavement feels magical, but Devin now notices all of the front porch cameras and gets a chill. They should have changed the plates somewhere farther away.

~ ~~ ~~~ ~~ ~

Okay, they’re bad boys. Bad. Boys. So who’s perfect? They help each other out, they mean well, and they just want to make their way. Life is tricky and full of grey areas...
 ....this I tell myself as I’ve watched these characters become thieves.
It will all work out, though. Stevo, Devin, and their friends will make the world a little better, and lots more interesting.
And right now, they’re on an adventure.
4~ Hideout 
The drive-through speaker is badly dented, its sound muffled with a static hum. Devin quickly grabs a yellowed Free Ads! from the map shelf and wads a page into a loose ball while catching Stevo’s eye, then hands it over.
Stevo holds the ball of paper out near the speaker and crinkles it loudly while placing their order. When the distant crackly voice says, “What? I didn’t get that,” he patiently repeats the order and paper crinkling. Devin is having a hard time not laughing out loud. After a pause, the scratchy speaker tells them to, “Please move forward to place your order,” and Stevo crinkles the paper one last time when he asks her to repeat herself, then they chug forward.
“Nice touch... doing it just... when you talked.” Devin is guffawing so hard he needs to blow his nose on one of the ancient napkins from the map shelf.
“This is a side of you we rarely see,” Stevo tells him, “It’s almost worth getting our food spat on just to see you loosen up.”
Stevo hands over a drink and sets the bags of food on the engine cover’s tray top, but when he drives away one immediately rolls off. Devin catches it before it hits the floor.
“Yeah, you gotta watch stuff you set up there,” Stevo doesn’t look over. With the weight they’re carrying, the old van’s manual steering and drum brakes is making him work, and the evening traffic makes him nervous. He mentally increases the ‘damage radius’ around the ponderous vehicle, imagining a yellow ring appearing to indicate the circle of destruction.
It’s smart to be cautious. With their ‘hot’ cargo, no way can they get stopped.
Devin sets the take-out bags down between the engine cover and roll of carpet, looks around for a cup holder but there isn’t one. The Unifly box presses in right behind his seat and he feels closed in, but the smell of food makes it almost cozy. It’s tempting to grab a burger or at least a few of the fries, but he won’t until Stevo gets a chance to eat too.
He’s on lookout anyway, even though there’s not much to see.
They get out onto the highway and he sits back to watch his friend drive, imagining that they’re on a flight, that the distant street lights and parking lots are actually going by below them.  The van’s ride is smooth. Must be getting used to it. They get past the edge of town and he starts thinking of his dad for some reason. Old man would freak if he saw us. But his Dad is too busy to notice anything. Not good grades and good friends, not being an international drone star, not even being an insurgent, now turned criminal... His father would get pissed if he cared, but he doesn’t...
“Hey, Earth to Devin. You asleep, buddy?”
Devin reels back to reality. “I’m thinking,” he snaps, and hears himself sound just like his father.
Stevo glances over to reassure his friend, “It’s working out,” then has to look away quickly to steer them back into the center of the lane. The uneven pavement causes the lumbering van to wander as if it were a ship at sea. “We’re almost there.” He doesn’t have to shout now that they’re going slower. The highway has become a two-lane road and up ahead are a few traffic lights spaced far apart, all green.
He sees the pattern of reflective stripes marking a row of mailboxes and slows down, shifting into second because the side road comes up fast, and there it is, and he shifts down into first and lets the racing engine slow them so that he hardly needs to use the brake to make the turn.
There’s the driveway. It looks very narrow in the dark and he almost doesn’t spin the steering wheel fast enough when they pull in.
Their headlights flash across his Aunt’s disused farm. The dark farmhouse looms over them as they chug past to a large sturdy metal barn, and off to the side is a line of ancient sheds that fall away into the darkness.
“Well, this looks creepy enough.”
“Yeah. It’s a safe hidey hole.”
“Hidey hole?” Wisecracks collide inside Devin’s head.
“That’s what my Aunt Myra would say. We’re at her place, we take her wisdom.”
“So where is this wise Aunt? Back East?”
“On a beach somewhere. Since the last divorce, now that my cousins are grown, she’s buffed herself up and gone on the hunt.”
“Who’d want to leave all this?” Even with just the van lights it’s easy to see the weeds, peeling paint, and missing fence boards. The two-story house is ominously dark, and it sends a little shiver up his spine.
As the van idles in front of the barn Stevo gets out and punches a code into the keypad. With a loud hum the big doors slide smoothly apart.
“You gonna back it in?”
“Nah. Tomorrow, when we can see. Park this sucker out of sight, and we’re in the lap of luxury the rest of the night.”
“You sound like Matt.” Their jokester friend likes wordplay.
“He should be with us. Liven things up.”
“Yeah, with blue flashing lights coming up from behind. Fun.”
Stevo thrums them inside and shuts the motor off but leaves the lights on. The sudden silence stops them for a second, then they get out into the musty staleness.
“This place isn’t used much.” Devin’s lip curls at the dust.
“Yeah. Just RV storage and wildlife habitat. At least until Aunt Myra gets back.” Stevo walks toward the dusty RV that’s parked inside along the side wall.
“When’ll that be?”
“Dunno. When she finds a new boyfriend. Maybe a rich one who likes to rough it.”
“And the RV’s got electricity?”
“Yep. Full hookups. Even got a bathroom.”
“Cool.”
“Told ‘ya. We’re set.” Stevo turns on the RV’s outside light.
They grab their duffels and Stevo shuts off the van’s lights after carefully setting his Delacroix Terminator case up on the wide dashboard. He had forgotten about it in the excitement of loading the crates, but it doesn’t seem to have suffered.
“Wildlife shelter?” Devin is still near the van, hugging his duffel.
“Yeah. Mice and squirrels. Owls, maybe a cat or two. They love this place.” Stevo steps up into the RV and snaps on the interior lights, “Make yourself ‘ta home.” He throws his bag down, then steps back out and goes over to the normal-sized entry door to punch the button that will close the barn’s large doors. After they grind together there is a heavy click, and on impulse, Stevo also locks the van’s doors.
The motor home is luxurious, and surprisingly roomy. Every surface is either paneled, cabinet-ed, or carpeted. Devin starts to plop down on the cushy stuffed chair but then remembers the food and heads back out.
As soon as he reaches for the door latch, Stevo swings the door open and they startle each other, then laugh nervously.
Devin says, “Forgot the burgers,” steps past his friend, and is gone before Stevo can tell him that he locked the van.
“Hey, it’s locked.”
“Yeah. Can’t be too careful. Thieves are everywhere.” Stevo comes over with the key.
“Doesn’t the barn lock?”
“Yeah. So?”
“Kinda jumpy.”
“Like you aren’t.”
“Well, I had to survive your driving.”
“And I... Made it happen,” Stevo does a good imitation of a sitcom star’s tagline.
“Into a fine mess,” Devin can’t help but say the stock follow-up. It’s such a stupid show. Maybe he can find an episode and streamcast it to the RV’s flatscreen. If it even has a flatscreen.
Once back inside they plop down, look at each other, and laugh.
“We did it.”
“We’re doing it.”
Then Stevo jumps up to nuke their fries and find the TV remote.
“We got cable?” Devin can’t remember the last time he saw cable TV.
“Amazing, isn’t it? When Myra goes off on a tangent, she just leaves. Says she likes to know everything will still be there when she gets back.” Stevo starts flipping channels, wondering how to tell them apart.
“Let’s find some drone stunts.”
“Haven’t got enough of yourself yet?” Stevo finds the local news between a sensationalist channel and a crime show rerun, then tosses the control to Devin when he goes to rescue the fries.
“You got Wi-Fi here?”
“You’re not turning on your phone.”
“I wouldn’t...”
“Yes you would." Stevo tosses a fry at him.
“There’s no good stuff on tee vee. We at least need the internet...”
“Oh yeah? And suddenly have ISP action here? And with our phones? We talked about this.”
Not only had Stevo insisted that their phones be turned off, he had taped them inside doubled chips bags ‘for the duration,’ to block outside signals. It was irritating that the normally-skittish Devin still needed convincing about this obvious precaution.
The TV news starts showing the overplayed video clip of Nate’s classic flyby harassments of hikers. The sound has been muted so they’ve missed the intro and the video surprises both of them.
“Hey! The Club’s gone mainstream.” The fries fill the room with spicy smell.
“We got out just in time.” The longest fries get gobbled first.
“It’s all downhill from now on.” The dipping sauces are ripped open.
“Think they’ll make it?” Fingerful bunches of fries are dunked and chomped.
“To call ‘em on the carpet? Why not? They’re on the news now, so let the mess begin.” Stevo unwraps a burger. Surprisingly it’s still warm, probably from being against the engine cover.
In the video, the drone’s camera comes up behind a couple who are hiking along a trail, then there’s a blur of action as it knocks the girl’s hat off, then the image stabilizes on her surprised look. As the view recedes away her boyfriend is laughing at her and she smacks him so hard that he almost falls over.
Even though both boys have seen it dozens of times they both laugh gleefully.
“Hey, unmute it.”
The plastic-haired anchor is scowling earnestly, talking about the ‘drone plague’ and everybody’s reaction to it. A little inset box starts showing quick video clips of popular Club antics, including one of an insect-like swarm of little fliers flowing into itself and forming a living knot over a street filled with excited onlookers with their phones.
“There we are!”
“Yep. Our two seconds of fame.”
“Aw, look,” Devin flips his hand at the screen. Stevo just sits with a sour face.
The concluding video is a stock shot of a military drone and then a grainy green night scene of a house in a compound that blows up in a ball of bright flame. The anchor is saying, “The Pentagon denies any knowledge about the rash of drone incidents.”
Stevo shakes his head, mouth pulled flat, “They gave more time to that old Predator than our real stuff.”
“’Least they still don’t know what’s really going on.”
“They never know anyway.”
“When do you think the Club’ll go public?”
“Soon I hope. Depends on Phillip and his PR campaign.” Their fellow Club member has taken it upon himself to be in charge of promoting ‘The Actions’ when it’s time to confront Unifly.
“We’ve already gone viral...” The Club’s social media campaign is at its peak and Devin is nervous about what will come next. “We got away just in time.”
Stevo sighs, “Yeah. It’ll be a mess... But that works for us. And we have just enough time to collect our prize before it hits.”
“Wonder how they’re doing. We should check in.”
“No, man... Gotta stay dark. I sent Santos that text just before we shut down. That’ll be enough until we get back.”
“My ma’s gonna freak. I lied about being gone.”
“You told her it’s a ‘no screens’ weekend, right?”
“Well, yeah...”
“So? We can’t get tracked, or leave any trail. When Unifly misses their stuff they’ll want blood. You know that,” Stevo is using that serious tone Devin hates, “We leave no trail and they’ll never figure it out. They won’t even know when it happened, at least with the copters.” The swarms’ fake flight information is still being sent back to Unifly, even though the little fliers are no longer in the air.
“Yeah, yeah, I know...”
“Anyway. Won’t it be too cool?”
“If we get ‘em to work.”
“And I bet we got our own control system. Right out there,” Stevo points with his chin.
“You wish. Bet those boxes are full of Unifly tee shirts.”
“Well, we got a bunch of ‘em, then.” Stevo mouths the melted cheese off of his burger paper, grins at Devin, “And a couple of tee shirt guns. Multi-shot.” He looks in the food bags for escaped fries.
“I can hear it now,” Devin tries to lighten up, “We trounced a multinational and all we got were these crummy tee shirts.”
Stevo noisily sucks the last of his drink. “They’re Schrödinger's boxes ‘till we look inside. Those crates could contain anything until we open them. I say we got a couple of consoles there, ready to go.”
Devin looks doubtful. He’s tired.
Stevo persists with the joke, “And if they are full of tees, we’ll autograph `em and sell `em.”
“Yeah, after we’re famous, they’ll be collectors’ items.” Devin is back to being sour.
“You bet. Once we wake people up. When Phillip states our case...” 
“From our jail cell.”
“....anything we do will be golden. Those tee shirts will be worth millions.”
“We’ll need it. For lawyers. We’re crooks, remember?”
“Hey, Mary, we’re pulling this thing off. It’s brilliant... and it’ll work.”
“Or not.”
“Yeah. The important thing is, we’re givin’ it a shot.”
“You really think they’ll win?” Devin is confused. Are they talking about the caper or the Club? Both, I guess. It’s been a long day.
“We gotta win. They’re murdering assholes.” It’s simpler for Stevo. He’s just against Unifly.
Stevo tries surfing around for more news or something interesting and when he finally settles on an old sitcom he looks over for his friend’s approval, but Devin is asleep with the recliner part of the couch extended almost flat, feet splayed and mouth slightly open, so Stevo shrugs and settles in.

~ ~~ ~~~ ~~ ~

These two troublemakers definitely have their own code, and their refusal to go along with the norm could be a strength. Middle school had taught them to stand back-to-back, not trust authority, and as time has gone by they’ve moved from mere defense and protection to the creation of their own future. They help out their friends but stick closer to each other. They’re quietly bold. 
And they’re doing it in an ancient van that in real life had served me well.
5~ Adventure 
It’s gloomy daylight, must be overcast. Devin sleepily pulls the quilt back over his head. In the middle of the night he’d staggered back to the tiny rear bedroom and crawled under the blankets for a dreamless sleep and now doesn’t want to get back out. Day can start without him, at least for a while.
Daytime? How long has he been sleeping? What time is it? It must be early. The light coming through the thin curtains isn’t been that bright...
Daylight? He pops awake. He’s in an RV that’s inside a barn, isn’t he?
He sits up, flips off the quilt, squirms out from under the blanket and sits on the edge of the bed with the doorway three feet from his face. Stevo must be up, must have all the lights on out there.
And he’s looking through the boxes without him!
Devin jumps up, slides on his cold jeans, his cold shirt, finds his socks and staggers out for his shoes. Stevo is always one jump ahead of him... and yes, Stevo isn’t in the living room, or anywhere in the RV. The flimsy front door is wide open, solving one puzzle. The barn’s roof has translucent panels that act like skylights.
He’s about to go out in his socks but sees the leaves and debris littering the floor so goes back for his shoes. By the time he steps down from the motor home Stevo is padding in from outside with bare feet. In the chill morning it makes Devin shiver just to see it.
“Hey, sleepyhead. Finally up.”
“Aren’t you freezing?”
“Kept warm waiting for you to get up. You should see this day. It’s perfect. Gonna be a nice weekend.”
“We shoulda got more food.”
“Want coffee? I found some instant in there.” Stevo bounds up the metal step and Devin stumbles out of his way, then surveys the barn.
The ugly old van’s rear and side doors are splayed open, but the large boxes are undisturbed. The rest of the barn is cluttered with farm machines along the far side, bales of straw and dusty junk along the back, and it’s actually not that dirty inside. Just unused.
The microwave dings, and soon Stevo comes back with two steaming mugs, handing him one. “Coffee sucks, but the creamer’s great.”
Devin frowns at the creamy liquid. The smell reminds him of his mom in the morning. What’s she doing right now? If he were home he could be having toaster waffles and chocolate milk...
“It’s workin’ out,” Stevo gulps from his cup, makes a face at the hot liquid.
Devin’s first sip is shocking. “Whoa,” the thick sweetness is nothing like his Mom’s nasty acid stuff. He’d only tried hers once, but this... is fortifying. He takes another swallow. It’s not really that hot.
“It’ll get you going,” Stevo nods, then steps over to admire the inside of the van. “Those suckers are heavy. We need a java boost just to unload.”
If he were home, Devin would have overslept... What time is it?
“C’mon, Dev. Let’s get this thing backed around.” Stevo is at the control for the big doors. With a loud hum and rumble they roll apart.
The daylight is blinding but the air feels good. Devin takes another bolstering swallow of his creamer with coffee.
“I got a spot picked out over there,” Stevo points to the back, “And we can put some of those bales in front. Nobody comes in here, but they’ll be out of sight just in case.” He closes the van’s side and rear doors, hops into the driver’s seat, and the van snaps to life. It’s exhaust is gagging until Stevo backs out, and he does a laborious back-and-forth turnaround involving lots of two-handed pulling on the big upright steering wheel while Devin finishes his coffee, wanting more. 
Stevo calls out, “Get where you see me in the mirror,” and it’s the same drill as before. ‘The spot’ is in a far back corner past an insectoid piece of equipment and what looks like a bed of upright knives that makes Devin squirm just to look at it. When the van crunches over some wadded tarps Stevo stomps on the brake, “Hey! Where ‘ya leading me?”
“Uh... You’re about there.”
Stevo jumps out for a look. “Cool.” He reaches in to shut off the engine and the silence echoes.
Devin struggles to open the left rear door. The back crate has shifted with the sudden stop and is keeping the latch handle from swinging all the way down.
Stevo comes over, “Here,” he forces the handle past the thick cardboard and the door pops open.
They stick two bales of the dry straw against the back bumper to act as a ramp, and Devin is relieved when the heavy boxes, even the two tall ones, slide out fairly easily. They’re able to tilt and corner-walk each one across the concrete floor, and when lined up next to the stack of bales the large boxes look as normal as anything else, especially when the two crumpled ramp-bales are tossed in front.
The boys have worked up a sweat and feel gritty.
“They’re not consoles,” Devin says lowly under his breath.
“Yeah. Maybe.” Stevo eyes them, sighs heavily and stands back, “Whatever’s inside is packed tight. Better leave it ‘till we get back.”
“It’ll be cool to find out.”
“Like Christmas, only ‘way better. And there’s more to come.”
“I’m starved.”
“You are kinda scrawny. You ever notice that?... Ow!” Devin has poked him in the ribs.
“Let’s throw that dead tarp over `em.”
“Yeah. Then call it good. Nobody’ll come out here anyway. Old guy across the road checks in once in a while, but I went out and waved at him while you snoozed, and told him we’re doing a school project.”
“And he bought that?”
“Why not? Dad’s letting us use the van, so it must be okay. Let’s get outta here. Get you some food and fatten you up.”
Devin uses the van’s side door to regain his balcony seat and has a chance to look over the farm while Stevo closes up the barn.
It’s as ramshackle as it had looked last night. The farmyard is patchwork with weeds, the ancient sheds that line one side are crumbling and tumbledown, and the fallow field stretches away across the back, bordered by distant trees and scruffy bushes. The barn is modern and solid though, and the ‘abandoned’ farmhouse is in repair, with the front yard neat yet overgrown.
“What’s your Aunt do?”
“We’re still trying to figure that out.”
The engine noise and scenery flashing by is again startling, but Devin quickly becomes numb to it and settles back. “Where’s the food.”
“There’s a Hy-Dinger up ahead, after we get to the highway.” Stevo has to yell because the engine noise is worse with the van empty, “My cousin used to work there. Got free shit all the time.” It drives easily without a load and he races along the county road. “We’ll be there in no time,” he glances over, grinning hugely, “And after the food... The booty! I can’t wait to see if we scored.”
“I’ll settle for breakfast.” His friend had hit the instant coffee three times since he’d been up, and now Devin wishes he had done the same.
The Hy-Dinger is a zoo, with kids running across the parking lot, cars closely packed next to urban assault vehicles, and parents who are already losing their minds. The drive-through line is backed up to the side street.
Fortunately, the large back lot for trucks and RVs is almost empty. Stevo parks in the middle of a pull-through spot and shuts down the engine, blows out a breath. “You ready for this?”
“Look at that,” Devin points. At the edge of the pavement a hairy young man wearing mountain bike gear is sitting in front of a low-slung weathered bicycle pulling an equally low-slung long trailer.
“Crap, that must be a ride. Guy must be freezin’ his ass off.”
“Things got a cover,” Devin leans forward, “Look, it’s folded back. Bet that helps.”
“Yeah. Sure.” Stevo pops his belt and the loose end zips into its holder with a loud metal slap against the door. Crap. His dad has told him not to let it do that.
“You don’t sound ready.” Devin’s stomach grumbles.
“We gotta wait in line.”
“Then we better go get a spot.”
As they walk across the lot Stevo nods a greeting to the cyclist, who raises a battered water bottle in return. “Look at all these people. It’s amazing they’ve got enough food for everybody.”
“That guy’s amazing,” Devin comments.
“He’s scroungy.”
“Look at his bike. Did you check it out?” Devin is openly gawking and the man smiles and nods.
They wait with the crowd of tired, excited, bored, antsy, hopeful people and Devin continues, “It’s a recumbent, with a shell. And the trailer. Did you see how long it was?”
Stevo looks around at the wiggly children and awkward adults, and occasionally nods and smiles at what Devin is saying.
“That guy has a story I bet...”
Stevo angles a look at his pale friend, “You’ve perked up.”
“Your exercise program did the trick and I’m awake now, okay? I’m not a morning person. You know that.” It’s a sore point. 
“And now I’m faded.” Stevo stifles a yawn. I need real coffee. He watches a little girl almost as tall as Devin whine and wheedle for a ‘big-un’ something or other. She has a point. “We should buy extra, so we can keep cruising.”
“We gotta stop for gas...”
“Tank’s huge. Cruise for hours.”
“Bet it sucks it.”
“You’re kinda sucking it.” Stevo bumps Devin to make him stumble but Devin hooks a foot around his ankle and they both stagger.
When they finally, finally get close, they see that while the automated kiosks still have lines the counter is empty and a girl is looking at them expectantly.
“Huh. We’re using cash anyway,” Stevo steps them forward, “Three large coffees,” he gives Devin a strange knowing look, and double-ups on the rest of his order.
Devin repeats his friend’s order, but with a large soda instead of the coffees.
Then they stand with the crowd waiting for their food.
“When we’re set, I’ll have people to go get my food.”
“I’m gonna send you out to get mine.”
“You already do that.”
“And you suck at it.”
“Motivate me.”
“I coulda.”
“You shoulda.”
“Still could.”
“And you’d trust me with your food?”
“Not now.”
“That’s what I like about you... Trusting.”
“Trustworthy.”
Their numbers are called but they don’t notice.
“I’m trustworthy.”
“You have to be watched.”
“I’ll duck your drones.”
“Haven’t so far.”
“How do you know?”
“I’ll know.”
“And you’re gonna have people working for you.”
“To keep track of you.”
The girl scowls across the sea of people and calls their number again.
“About time.”
“Yeah. That took forever.”
Devin ends up carrying the tray with the four big drinks that threaten to tip over, while Stevo lopes along with a big bag in either hand.
Stevo surprises his friend by heading over to the bicyclist. “Hey, man. Nice rig.”
“Hey. Thanks.”
“Wanna coffee?”
“Sure. Be great.”
Devin has hung back, but now steps forward so Stevo can wiggle a cup free. “I’m Stevo. This is Devin, your new biggest fan.”
“Eddy. Spell it with a ‘y’ at the end.” He’s got a bit of an accent.
Stevo sets the food bags down and steps over for a closer look at the long low two-wheeled trailer, leaving Devin to pick up the conversation.
Devin takes a breath. “Uh, bet it gets old, having to spell out your name all the time...”
“Nah, mate. I don’t mind. Named after the most famous rider of all time.”
“Bike rider?”
“Cyclist. Eddy Merckx. Last name’s a bitch,” he spells it out, “Glad I got just the first one.”
Stevo comes back, “That’s an intense bicycle. Looks like you’ve ridden a lot of miles.”
“I’ve run through a few tires...”
“Your trailer is so long, bet it’s heavy.”
“I don’t think about that. It would just weigh me down. Wind ‘n shit, too. Rain. If you’re bothered by it, it just gets in the way.”
Devin startles, understanding, “It would spoil the ride.”
“Exactly,” the grizzled-but-young man favors the towheaded boy with a nod. “That’s it, mate.”
“It’s like flying. If you get bugged by stuff, you’re not really flying anymore,” Devin feels foolish and exposed using this dumb analogy.
“You do know. You fly? Ride?”
Hesitantly, “Fly. We both do,” Devin gulps but doesn’t stutter, “Commercial drone... uh... trainers?”
“Well, ridin’ cross country is the same thing. Just a little lower and slower.” Eddy chuckles, “It’s in three dimensions as well.” His eyes drift off for a heartbeat, reliving a breathtaking moment. He had crested a mountain pass, was curving down to a valley... and it was exactly like flying.
“That’s an awesome... recumbent?” Stevo stumbles over the unusual word. “Seat looks like it just kinda hangs there.”
“That’s exactly it. Saddle like that really smooths out the bumps. My pop thought it wouldn’t work, but the whole bike’s built that way. Lookit. The pieces don’t even touch each other. They’re sprung by wires. Rides smooth as silk. Made a believer outta him, but he still likes ‘normal bikes.’” He’s parodied his father’s voice.
“Your Dad bicycles?” Devin tries to imagine his Dad even sitting on a bicycle, and can’t.
“He was a racer. Did good, too. Says he rode with ‘ol Eddy Merckx one time. Not in a race of course, but they had a great ride, and he got a good tip about bikes, so he named me after him.”
“A good tip?”
“Yep, I use it too. ‘Always line up the label of the tire with your valve stem.’ When you get a flat, makes it easy to find the hole in the tube after you find what caused it in the tire.”
Stevo tries to look impressed.
Devin says, “You race bikes like your Dad?”
“Naw. Good thing, too. Racing made him a hard-ass. He was always gone, being a big shot.”
Just like my Dad, Devin thinks.
Stevo is back at the bicycle, “So you’ve just... strung the pieces together. With wire.” He’s looking closer.
“Wire suspends all those struts and frames. They hang within it. Makes it a living thing.” Eddy leans over and twangs one of the exposed cables and it makes a dull musical sound. He nods for Stevo to try it.
Stevo does, then delightedly twangs two other ones, making out-of-tune harp sounds. “You can play songs while you ride.”
“Ride does it for me.”
Devin has been examining the surprisingly long trailer with its stretchy sock cover, “You sleep in there?”
Eddy nods, “Yeah.”
“How long you been on the road?” Stevo asks.
“All my life, seems like. Few years, now. This one’s my second cruiser. First one was a clunker, but it let me get out, on my own.” Eddy looks along the length of his craft, “This one’s light and comfortable. Don’t need `ter pitch a tent...”
Stevo prods, “I thought you didn’t worry about weight.”
This gets him a hooded look from Eddy.
Devin sucks in a breath. Eddy is not someone you joke around with. He steps in, “You travel all over? You like riding place to place all the time?” He wants to kick Stevo, but he’s too far away.
“Beats puttin’ up with my old man.”
Devin nods in agreement and doesn’t realize that he’s made a little sound.
 Eddy eyes him, “You got one of ‘em too, I see.”
Devin shrugs and looks down. Silence is agreement.
“That’s cool,” Eddy says, “Get out on your own, make it turn out okay. Nothing else for it, so just keep cookin’ along...”
Devin gawps at him. It’s unsettling.
Stevo wants to get going. “You want a breakfast burrito? We got lots.”
“Naw, thanks. Coffee’s good, mate.”
“Take one for the road,” he presses one at the man, “They travel well.” It’s something his dad says about road food. “Well, we gotta get going...”
Devin stammers, “Uh, huh-happy riding.”
And gets back a careful, “Happy... flying?”
They’ve left Eddy with something to wonder about, and back inside the van Devin asks, “How old do you think he is?”
“Twenty-two going on fifty-five.”
“Yeah...” Devin thinks over Eddy’s practical version of his dad’s cryptic saying. How to not spoil the ride and ‘keep cookin’ along.’
‘Nothing for it’ is now ‘nothing else for it’ because Eddy got it to make sense, and Devin rethinks everything in this new light. His father was offhand with his version. He’d never explain it, probably didn’t even know what it meant even though he said it so much that it drove everybody crazy. Dad is so...
“That dad thing got to you,” Stevo says. When his friend doesn’t reply he starts the van and loops around so that Devin and Eddy can exchange waves on the way out.

~ ~~ ~~~ ~~ ~

Devin is a strange little guy. He’s a combination of caution and pluck, hesitancy and brilliance. Stevo sometimes baits him, leading him around, but it’s always in fun, and Devin can hold his own. Stevo is more erratic, and Devin steadies him out. Their energy levels are different, but they balance each other so that there’s always at least one of them up for the adventure.
Eddy’s tensegrity bicycle is another adventure. It’s a human-powered RV (the Winnebiko of the future) that would be so light, crosswinds might blow it around, so unusual, surprised drivers would be a hazard, so self-contained, a cyclist would only need sources of food, water, and toilet to travel everywhere, with built-in solar collectors for power.
Hey, it’s sci-fi. Dream big.
6~ Fine-Tuning 
They are numbed by hours of Interstate driving with the engine roaring just a few feet away behind carpeted thin metal.
“We need chips,” Stevo pronounces.
“Yeah. Lots of `em,” Devin yells, his voice dry and cracking.
There are signs promising food, gas, and lodging, so they take the next exit. The engine noise subsides enough that they can hear each other’s sigh of relief, and the truck stop is large and inviting. Stevo parks off to the side so they can get their bearings.
Devin feels strangely dull in the sudden silence. “This thing sure is noisy.”
Stevo hits the engine cover with his knee, “The engine’s right in there. ‘Course it’s noisy.”
“It moved. It’s loose.”
“No, it’s... Unlatched. Huh,” Stevo looks up in surprise, “Check your side”
Devin spots a flat hook swinging free on its latch, “It’s not fastened.”
“This one’s off, too. No wonder we’re deaf.”
“Told ‘ya.”
Stevo bends down against the steering wheel, reaching, “I can’t pull it closed. Try your side.”
Devin leans forward and hooks the hook, then tries to swing the latch closed. His side of the cover wedges tighter against the dashboard, then springs open again. “It won’t latch. It’s bent?”
“Nah. My Dad always had to wrestle with it.” Stevo thinks back, then gets up, squats behind the cover, and pushes it forward, remembering how his Dad would smack it into place with both palms. He tries this and can see the gap at the dashboard move, but the rear of the cover is pivoting up and lifting the carpet with it, then falling back down.
“Whole thing’s loose,” Devin says.
“Yeah,” Stevo pulls the orange carpet away from the engine cover. Crap. No bolts. He stares at the two empty holes. 
Devin sees it too, “That sucks.” Maybe just hooking the latches will help, maybe we can stuff something in the crack, maybe it’s supposed to be on top of the carpet?
So Dad would... Stevo thinks it through, jogging his memory, seeing his Dad’s satisfied down-grin and his chin-nod when he got the cover fastened. Then the image comes to him.
Stevo reaches into the right corner of the under-dash shelf, under the maps, actual paper maps that have been there for years, and there they are. The two well-loved bolts with the stub ends and ridiculously wide washers that are loose but don’t come off.
“There we go,” he holds them up for Devin to see, “Get it lined up right while it’s unlatched and they screw in by hand.”
Devin just watches. He always got pushed out of the garage when his Dad was changing the oil in the car. “Too dangerous,” he was always told. Stevo wiggles the cover forward with his knee and pushes the end of each bolt into a hole, wiggling them to get the threads started and screw them down. Then to finish he gets a wrench from under the maps and tightens the bolts the last little bit. It’s fascinating to watch because Devin has never actually seen bolt-tightening before.
Stevo straightens up, “Okay, now do the latch.”
The flat hook grabs the tab and tightens when he flips the bail. Stevo leans in under the steering wheel and does the same on his side, and the gap between the top of the cover and the bottom of the dashboard is squished closed.
Stevo sits back with a satisfied almost-smile and lets the carpet flop back into place. “That should make a difference.”
“We need chips.”
“And gas.” Stevo starts the van and chugs them over to the gas pumps. “Let’s go in and see what else they got.” Since they’re using cash he’ll have to prepay.
When they come back out carrying giant drinks and puffy bags full of goodies Devin gets in the van through the side door while Stevo says, “Get ready for the hit.” He’d given the cashier a hundred dollar bill and is still shocked at what doing that had felt like. How much would he get back after filling the huge tank?
Devin settles in, and has time to watch the busyness of everyone rushing in and rushing out of the store while metallic bangs then a swishing sound comes from the van’s back corner. He has enough time to count door swings for ten minutes and calculates that the doors must cycle eight million times a year during a busy sixteen hour day. How do they last that long?
Hollow knocks replace the swishing, then there’s the rattling sound of Stevo screwing on the cap, and his friend walks by to go in and get his change, adding two more swings to the total. Eight million and two, then.
Stevo comes back and mugs at Devin through the windshield, “Hey, you didn’t get the windshield.” He makes a show of grabbing a squeegee out of a bucket, then turns back and catches Devin making faces at him. “Well, you couldn’t reach it anyway,” he squats down to exaggerate Devin’s small size and struggles to swipe the glass.
“Missed a spot, string bean.”
“Hey I’m doin’ my best, elf.”
“Ow. Low blow.”
“Has to be.”
When Stevo gets inside he flashes a small fan of cash, “Look. We got money left over.” It’s mostly small bills. He hands over the receipt, “Check this out. Told you it has a huge tank, right?”
“Whoa...” Devin acts shocked, but actually doesn’t know. How much does his Dad pay when he fills up their SUV? He’s never paid attention.
They start off again and the old van feels good. Stevo says, “It liked that gas,” and they munch chips while the lack of scenery flashes by.
Devin has been eyeing the paper maps that are tucked into the under-dash shelf, but the road flashing by just feet away from his balcony seat makes him hesitant to remove his seat belt so he can reach them. He eyes the passenger door and locks it before unclicking, then grabs the stack so he can flip through them.  Each one is fan-folded and will be much bigger when opened out, so he squirms out of his seat and rests on his knees against the warm engine cover so he can open one out.
Stevo looks over, “That’s the wrong state. Get the one that we’re going through.”
Devin riffles through them to find the right one, and when he tries to open it up, it overflows the space and threatens to tear, so he takes it to the cavernous back and kneels down to spread it out on the carpet.
Stevo glances over his shoulder, “It’s like a living room back there, isn’t it.” The van does a little sway when he turns back to his driving.
Devin pours over the map, finds where they stopped, and sees that it’s interstate all the way out. He wants to see where they’re going but that’s on another map, so he struggles with the crackly paper trying to figure out the folds to get it back into its packet shape.
Stevo glances back, “Do the zigzags first, then the final two.”
“Fanfold it first, then in thirds,” Devin says, still trying to find all the folds while the map keeps wanting to fold the wrong way.
“Whatever. Don’t mess it up, it’s my dad’s,” as if it mattered. Even his dad uses his phone to get around.
My Dad wouldn’t even let me touch `em, Devin grumbles to himself. He gets all the alternating folds lined up and flips the map back together, then gets up to go forward and find the next one. 
He can almost stand straight, only needing to duck his head against the paneling, and Stevo notices. “You’re too short to wash the window, so I have to do it. Then to make it worse, you can just walk around inside this thing while I have to hunker.” He fake-bemoans, “There is no justice.”
“There is, and we’re the ones serving it. Keep driving.”
“Yeah,” Stevo puffs out a breath. “There better be a payoff. It’s Las Vegas.”
“Where the house always wins.”
“They won’t this time. Not with the Club keeping everybody busy.” 
“Hope so.”
“There might be Breaking News right now... So, there’s no Nevada map? Look for one with a bunch of states on it.”
Devin looks through the stack, scrutinizing a couple, “Oh yeah... ‘Western States and Provinces.’” Provinces? In Canada? It’s all on one map?
“That’ll do.”
“It’ll have to.”
Devin goes back to the floor and now unfolds the map with confidence until he notices that the paper is worn and split open where the creases intersect, so he uses care when he flattens it to the carpet. It’s like he’s in a small wood-paneled bedroom without furniture, and it’s funny to look outside at the distant scenery passing by. 
Devin realizes that they haven’t had to shout. “Hey. It’s quiet.”
“Huh. Yeah. It’s like normal now.” Stevo frowns at himself. First, he hadn’t realized that the engine cover wasn’t latched, and then he hadn’t noticed the improvement. What other stupid things is ‘his dad’s doppelgänger’ going to miss?
It could be anything, but the risk is worth it to be able to run their own flights.
“We’re doin’ it,” Stevo says, “Whatever it takes, right?”
“Yep. It takes whatever.”
Stevo zones out to the road, remembering a time with his Dad.
They were helping someone move and the van was packed up to the ceiling, all the way forward around the seats. Stevo’s job was to keep a houseplant safe and tilt it out of the way whenever his Dad needed to see the right mirror, and they drove that way through a heavy rain that was like buckets of water being dumped down on them. Then the engine cut out, and they were packed too tight for his Dad to lift the engine cover to find the problem. Fortunately the van started up again after they had sat for a while, and later they found that the wire going to the distributor had gotten wet and needed to be re-taped. Good times.
Devin is studying the paper map. This is so cool. There are ‘windows’ along the edge that have lots of information besides just the roads, Kinda like a console’s flight screen.
One box has a list of cities and towns, sorted for each state, and there’s a table to figure out the distance between two cities. Best of all, there’s the Legend, which is packed with samples of all the map symbols, and a scale to show the distance. Every little thing on the map contains extra information. The type of dot shows the size of the city, and the type of line shows what kind of road it is. Each little section of highway also has a number telling the miles between points.
There are extra dimensions of information laid out on just a big flat piece of paper. It’s like a picture of knowledge...
“Hey, map nerd!” Stevo raises his voice. He’d asked a question and gotten no response.
Devin tries to pull himself away from his scrutiny of the faint background lines that hint at mountains and valleys in-between the busyness of the city hubs. Are the faint images accurate? Or do they just symbolize the landform. In the empty space of Nevada there’s less of everything.
“Devin. Dude. Come back for a minute.” When his friend gets lost in himself it’s best to be patient. “Where are we now? Can you see us on the map? How far are we from a town?”
Huh. This is a new problem. But without GPS and his phone... it’s actually an old problem. Devin knee-walks forward to rest against the engine cover. It’s a little startling to see the real highway rolling by under them and he blinks in the brightness. “There’s mile markers? Look for one.”
Oh, yeah. “There’s one,” Stevo points ahead, “It’s light green.” He calls out the number.
“Cool.” Devin goes to the map. 
He squints in the gloom at the mileages, adds them up with an estimate for the leg they’re on, cross-checks his result using the number on the mile marker, then for fun uses it as a proportion to guestimate the distance to the next town that has a larger dot. It takes less than two seconds for him to call out, “Twelve miles to the next town, eighteen if you go past it to the rest area, and maybe ninety-five to the next major stop.”
“Are you sure?” Stevo razzes his friend. Devin’s quickness about some things used to surprise him, but it seems less weird now that he’s gotten his friend to report only whole numbers.
Devin appears to take him seriously, “You have to add up each section of road from where we started in the city, then subtract from the mile marker, and then add each section ahead of us and then you can count back from there.” He’s given Stevo a garbage method just to razz him back.
Stevo doesn’t notice that he’s being pranked. His dad had shown him something like this on the map once and he tries to remember. “It’s the black number under the red one, right?”
This surprises Devin because he’s almost correct. “There’s red numbers... Add them up.”
“There’s no total miles?” Stevo is trying to imagine it.
“Don’t see it,” Devin gives a cagey response. Stevo must have used a paper map before.
“Hey, you were right! Look. There’s a rest stop sign. Two exits.” Stevo has forgotten about teasing his friend because suddenly he has to pee.
“We should stop there. I gotta go. Don’t you? They were big drinks.”
“Yeah, so stop talking about it.” There’s urgency in his voice.
“You mean... waterfalls... rain... big wet drops coming down, splashing... running water... a faucet, splashing...”
“Hey knock it off.” This is one of their favorite routines from middle school. “If this was a self-driver I’d come back there and piss on you.”
“I’m just saying, if ‘ya gotta go, in a rainstorm, with wet watery rain splashing...”
Stevo wiggles the steering wheel to make the van rock, and when Devin sticks his hand down to steady himself his palm smacks into the map and when he feels the paper tear he pulls back, then loses his balance, and bumps against the paneling with a wooden thud.
Satisfied, Stevo smirks and nods, no longer so urgent to pee.

~ ~~ ~~~ ~~ ~

These two are a good balance for each other. While Stevo is sometimes too shallow Devin is sometimes too deep, one is bolder, the other more thoughtful. They’re both practical, but in different ways, and because they work together, their bizarre mission seems possible.
And it’s the adventure, of course. They’re cruising the interstate in a big empty padded box, striking out on their own, and everything is new and exciting.
7~ History 
The rest area is an oasis, with a few trees, a network of walkways, and a long low building. Devin comes out of the bathroom and sits on the bench near the Information kiosk, enjoying the warm sun. A little wind blows, the occasional truck rumbles by on the Interstate.
He sees movement and looks down. A big ant is wandering its path and he watches it, waits for it to get close to his shoe, then taps his foot once, which makes the ant freeze for a second and then it starts wandering again. A smaller one comes strolling by from a different direction and generally heads for Devin’s shoe. The first has looped back, and as both near the toe of his shoe he taps his foot again. Both freeze, then wander off in the directions they had come.
What does the world look like to an ant? He thinks he knows. His swarm flights’ insect view of little cameras would show his shoe as a cliff-like wall. The center views would make it out to be a high barrier and the views to either side would suggest that it’s border walls lead away without disturbing the rest of the scenery. To an ant, crawling under a potato chip would seem like being under a giant edible tent. It would be an overload of food with each view centering on a different tasty tidbit. The combined views would stop it in its tracks while it decided what to choose.
“What’cha doin’?” Stevo has come over.
“Watchin an ant. Gettin’ a swarm camera feed from it.”
He’s so weird, Stevo smiles, but gets it, “Running a bug flight.”
“Yeah,” his friend straightens up, “Course, I’m using the raw feed, not your Mary-sweet processed view.”
“You like to go native, don’t you.”
“I miss flying. What’re we gonna do when we get back?”
“Let it play out.”
“Think we’ll fool ‘em?”
“Gotta try. You know. Anyway, they’ll be distracted.”
“Yeah. Too busy to notice a few things missing.”
“Unifly won’t know which fire to put out first,” Stevo is confident.
They are quiet when they get settled into the van. Their Club’s pushback is tense, making talking about it uncomfortable, especially now that they’re outside the action. Stevo opens his windwing and the air feels good. He sits back and keeps his eye on the road but side-cracks his neck to loosen it up.
After a few miles he jokes, “We had a good run, didn’t we.”
“Yeah, those were the days.” Devin knows what he means, but is serious.
“And you had wanted to do one more performance.”
Devin nods, gazing out at the scenery.
“Well,” Stevo concludes, “We’ve made our mark.” He’s also now serious. “We gave ‘em good art to make up for what Nate and the Boyz threw out there.” He’s thoughtful as the lines pass by. “We’ll keep it up,” he glances over, “With our own swarms next time.”
“We’re gonna get caught.”
“Turn it back on `em. Say it’s their system that crashed them.” Stevo looks over, all innocent so Devin will laugh, “Please, sir, can we have some more?”
“Yeah. Hand us two more shiny new fleets.”
“And we’ll be ready to go again.” Stevo keeps his eye on the road, “That flowing knot you created was brilliant.” Their two swarms of little copters intermingling in flowing strings had gotten as many hits as all the other Club misbehaviors combined, even though the scarier and more obnoxious videos got all the comments and true buzz. “....After I fine-tuned it for you.”
“Oh yeah? What’re you gonna come up with next, then?” Devin challenges.
“More visuals,” Stevo is thoughtful.
“If we ever get something to fly.”
Stevo pretends to rant, waving his arm and using a funny voice, “Always complaining. Unifly tricks us into killing, and you don’t like that. They triple charge their customers using free labor, and you complain. Then I fake ‘em out, masterfully I’ll say, and get us millions of fans, and you’re still not satisfied.” He makes sure he’s getting the expected guffaws from Devin, then has a hard time keeping a straight face, “What’s it gonna take, to make you happy? World domination?”
“Sounds good.”
The van pushes on through arid scenery that is so blank it could be a looped video.
“I wanna see where we flew.” Devin is more hopeful.
“That wetlands was a beautiful spot.” Stevo thinks back, “Not much of an audience, though.”
“The back of the casino was the best.”
“Yep. Huge open space, captive audience.” At first there were just smokers on break, but word had spread quickly and people streamed over, creating a sea of phones. “What casino was that, anyway?”
This stumps Devin for a second. “I don’t know. I just flew there.”
“We’ll cruise around. Know it when we see it. That intersection behind the Strip was great. We can find that.” The last time they had flow there it had become crowded with people holding up selfie sticks.
“Won’t be the same.”
“I know. Not from the van’s-eye view.”
“We gotta fly again.”
“I know.”
“I want my phone back on.”
“I know.” An idea hits Stevo, “We could get a burner.”
“Yeah!” Devin brightens up. “Where do ya get them? Wally World?”
“A clean, spacious bodega. That’s where they get `em on the crime shows.”
“We should do it soon.”
“Las Vegas would be easier.”
“But wouldn’t it leave a footprint?” Devin wants to be the smart cagey one this time. “Get it out here, where nobody cares.”
“What, you think Unifly is tapping the Club’s phones? That if they see a call from a Vegas number they’ll put it all together?” Stevo had started out making fun of the idea, but it ended up sounding plausible. 
Devin shrugs, “It would be a clue to the lost copters.”
“Yeah. Maybe.” Stevo shifts into funny mode to cover his unease, “You gotta, just gotta, stop watching so much tee vee. Those crime shows are making you paranoid.” He bugs out his eyes.
“We’ll be the stars of our own show. The Paranoia Blues,” Devin works at not sounding worried.
They stop at the next interstate town, but the search for a burner phone seems like a waste of time until finally the third convenience store has some in bubble packs. Devin stands looking at one, stunned at the price. Is it worth it? But they need a phone so they can check in, and for ‘just in case.’
“We should eat,” suggests Stevo.
“Huh, yeah.” Devin lets himself be led to the restaurant corner and they spread out in one of the two booths.
Stevo flips two menus across at Devin, who flips one back, and the lady from the front counter comes back to take their order.
“You guys know what you want?” Tacy is a little wary. They had parked their scary old van off to the side and then after wandering all around the store they ended up looking at the prepaid phones. Definitely up to something, but at least they’re buying some food, even if it’s not with an app.
Neither boy has been paying attention, and Stevo looks up in surprise. It’s a young voice, but he had thought an old woman was minding the store. He sees that her grey hair is actually almost no hair, with just a few dozen wisps covering a scalp that is smooth and shiny underneath. Even though her face looks about his own age she seems like she’s much older. He’s looking openly, then realizes he’s being rude, and smiles at her before focusing on his order.
Nice looking guy. He’s almost polite. This scores points, and she wonders if his elfin little friend is an ‘Avoider’ or is still just not paying attention. His focus on the menu seems so complete. He reminds her of someone.
Devin looks up and has only the merest hesitation at their server’s barely-hidden baldness. Her lack of hair isn’t that much different from his own thin whiteness, and the fact that they’re not ordering with their phones is far weirder. “Can I get a King Burger Combo with double fries instead of the drink?” The shock of what the burner phone will cost is making him frugal about his automated fast food, and he’s hoping that there might be a loophole in the auto-chef menu that will save money.
He also thinks he sees a flicker of interest.
Tacy dimples at him, relaxing a bit. He’s cute, and earnest. “Combos are pretty set,” she pauses with inner playfulness, “But for you, I’ll make it work.”
Stevo sees something going on, and rides with it, “Same for me.”
Devin drops the clincher, “And could you give us two large chocolate shakes to go?” They will cost less than a bottled soda, and be much better. He finds himself looking directly into her eyes and sees something click in there. She knows he’s gaming the system.
He stammers, “It’ll t-taste g-good on the road.”
She nods and smiles, “Perfect day for it,” and gets busy on the store’s tablet as she leaves. Strange little guy. She categorizes him in the ‘Nervous/Considerate’ category, and for fun imagines that he’s a closet genius.
Alone again, Stevo tilts his head to his friend as if peering over imaginary spectacles, “You two had a moment.”
“We did not. I was being nice, instead of gawking.”
“Hey, she caught me off guard. I had to figure it out.”
“With your mouth hanging open,” Devin feels a surprising rush of irritation, “Give her a break.”
“Hey. Just caught me by surprise,” Stevo lowers his voice, “She should wear a wig or a hat or something.”
“You should wear a hat. And pull it ‘way down.” There’s a rare edge to Devin’s voice.
“Okay, okay.”
They joke about what life would be like in such a small town, surrounded by barrenness.
“In a place like this even I could be voted valedictorian.”
“Because only the two of us would be graduating.”
“Still, I’d win.”
“I’d mess up your speech.”
“The ceremony would take two minutes. How much damage could you do?”
“Lots. All I’d have to do is sit back and let you mess up.”
“Like now? This thing we’re on? It was your idea.”
“And you’re gonna get the blame.”
She comes back with their food on a recyclable tray. Their drinks are covered for take-out and the fries are still crackling. “Gave you double ketchup. You’d like water?” She’s speaking mostly to Devin, who gets embarrassed and just shakes his head. She smiles at him with a head-tilt that shows off her round cheeks and chin. It’s fun to actually take an order and serve the food, instead of just delivering for people’s phone apps.
Stevo is openly friendly, “Is there a Wal-Mart or something in town?”
He’s obviously trying too hard, but that’s better than she usually gets, so she puts him in the ‘Nice Guy’ category. “There used to be a ShopMax, but it closed down,” she sighs.
“That must suck.”
“Everything’s now at least an hour away,” she’s wistful, “But it’s good to get out of town once in a while.”
“Do kids cruise main street on the weekends?”
“That takes two minutes,” she snorts, then grins broadly, “Mostly we run the county roads. You can go a hundred miles an hour straight on, and almost as fast on the dirt ones. Raises a hell of a rooster tail.”
“Out here, wouldn’t it be a roadrunner tail?” quips Stevo.
“If you’re not lucky. Roadrunners are vicious. And we got dust. You should see it sometimes when it blows.” She decides to pump them for info, “Hey, saw you looking at the phones. You heading to the city? Get one there. Ours are too crappy,” she tosses her head at the front of the store, “Hardly get one bar on a good day, with really limited data. And you can only load their apps.”
“City’s a long ways away.”
“Everything is. Hardly matters. Gotta drive everywhere anyway.”
“Helps if you work at a gas station.”
“I pay the same as everybody else, when my car runs.”
“It’d suck if it didn’t.” Stevo imagines what it would be like if the ugly van crapped out on them, especially on the way back. It would be a mess.
While they eat, Stevo teases his friend, “You didn’t say much...”
“She’s nice.”
Stevo pretends he’s had a sudden discovery, “You like her!”
Devin winces, a fry dropping from his mouth. “At least she’s got a personality.”
“And I don’t?”
“I’ve been meaning to tell ‘ya...”
“And I suppose she’s cuter than I am,” Stevo tries to make dimples.
“You’re not cute. Stop that. It’s scary.”
“Good thing I’m ruggedly handsome. Somebody’s gotta get the girls.”
“What’s that mean?”
“You’re just a little soft, sometimes. Date-wise.”
“I get as many as you do.”
“Zero compared to zero?”
“I can get dates.” They both know he’s never tried.
“Sure... But I can do parties.”
“One. You’ve been to one party.”
“And you’ve only had one date.”
“Two.”
“I mean with a girl.”
“Two. You know it.”
“Marcy doesn’t count. She’s your cousin.”
“She’s my Mom’s boyfriend’s niece. Or something.”
“Your cousin.”
To Devin’s horror, they look up and Tacy is standing there, “I think you guys would fit right in here,” she deadpans, smirking crookedly, “You ready?”
“Yeah,” Stevo says, “We gotta cruise.”
At the register Stevo pays with a twenty, again liking the thrill of using cash. It’s so real. Tacy gives him his change by first stating the sale total, then counting up as she sets down each coin and bill, until with the last one she says, “And twenty,” to finish the transaction. 
Devin manages a bashful thanks and they smile at each other, making Stevo feel like the odd man out.
Outside, Devin asks, “What’s with how she gave back the money?”
“She was ‘counting change.’ My Dad says it’s a lost art. It’s so you don’t get ripped off. He made me learn it once.”
“Along with ‘You want fries with that?’”
“It’s how you double-check your money.” When you use cash.
“But the register already does the math.”
“Well, it’s a double check, to see if you got the right change. Dad says people used to do it all the time, to show they’re honest. Ask him about it the next time you come over... Just say the phrase ‘shortchanged,’ if you want to hear a half hour rant”
“Your Dad gets mad?”
“He’s cool. He just talks a lot on some stuff. You should hear it when he spots recyclables in the trash,” Stevo laughs, then gets thoughtful. Devin’s dad isn’t like that, and he’s again glad for his friend that his father is gone so much.

~ ~~ ~~~ ~~ ~

Tacy becomes a major character in the second and third books of the Drone Club trilogy. She’s so fun and real, almost desperate, and she’s brilliantly on top of everything she sets her mind to. Tacy runs ahead with clarity and abandon, and she does it in a way that endears her to those around her. After her character had been fleshed-out in the first draft of ‘Drone Club Takeback,’ I had read Anna Kendrick’s ‘Scrappy Little Nobody’ and had watched her movies. From that point on, I always imagined Tacy as being played by Anna (once the series goes to video). She would be magnificent... but I wonder... Does Anna have a nicely-shaped head?
8~ Revisit 
When they get to Las Vegas the frantic busyness is a shock. Without GPS, they make two mis-turns; one requiring a complex trial-and-error backtrack to find the right exit lane, the other solved by just driving across to the onramp. They have to guess at what the signs mean, but when the bright billboards thicken they recognize a street name, take the exit, then all is familiar from their flights.
“We need a phone,” Devin says. It had really sucked getting them through the complex of highways using just the street signs and the tiny image on the paper map.
“Nah. We’ve gone this long... Now we know exactly where we are. Let’s stay dark until we’ve gotten them.” They can relax after a few of the copters are safely inside the van. Until then it’s best to be really cautious. “Let’s cruise where we flew, then go to the site, and in a couple of hours, we’re home free.”
They turn off onto a side street leading behind one of the casinos and Stevo rolls down his window so he can lean out, “This is looking really familiar.”
Devin unclips his seat belt so he can get the windshield’s panoramic view, “Yeah. Go two streets on, turn right and park.”
As soon as Stevo makes the turn he laughs, “Wow! Our first performance spot!” He excitedly yanks and spins the steering wheel to get them parked, then they sit and just look.
It’s more exposed than Devin remembers. “It looks different.” There’s lots of workers and tourists walking back and forth to their cars, and the air is full of distant chimes, happy yelling, and loud mufflers.
“Toto, I have a feeling we're not in drone cameras anymore.” Stevo is proud of his Matt-esque misquote. “Sure wish I coulda seen us from here.”
“If we could use our phones,” Devin teases, “We could at least take our own selfies.”
“Yeah. Scene of the crime. And it’d prove we’re not actually flying right now.” Stevo says it flatly. “Assuming those smokescreens are still running.”
“If we had our phones we could check,” Devin prods.
“We could text Matt, ‘Hey, still fooling the evil empire? Is it safe to come back? Got a surprise for you.’”
Devin stays serious, “Think the copters survived?”
“We’ll find out soon enough. Ready to go?”
“Let’s at least visit behind that casino. That’s where we need selfies.” It’s the site of their viral stardom, where the flowing knot was born.
“Bet a lot of those smokers are still out there on break. We could go do interviews.” Stevo is antsy. “Let’s walk it. I need to get out of this thing.”
Once they’re outside Devin scrutinizes the street, “This place is dirty.” Trash litters the struggling landscaping and is squished flat in the gutters.
“Looks different from up above while we’re zooming by. When was that famous flight of yours? Ten days ago? Twelve?”
Devin puffs out a breath, “Dunno. Something like that.”
“Going humble on me, are you?” Stevo back-kicks Devin’s butt, successfully low so it makes his friend stumble. “You’re viral, man. Just, nobody knows it’s you yet.”
“You’re famous too.”
“Not like you, the swarming genius. I’m just a fly-jockey like Nate and the Boyz.”
“Nah... We’re a force for good. For art.”
“Art-art-art...”
“For art’s sake!”
They get close, and the shadow of the tall building gives them some relief from the winter sun. They can see the loading dock behind the casino and no one is there.
“This is disappointing.”
“Looked a lot better from the air.”
“Doesn’t everything?”
“If I can’t take pictures, I’m done. Let’s go back.” Devin wishes they had bought one of the crummy phones from Tacy, or that Stevo wasn’t such a hard-ass about their phones, or that he had just snuck his phone out of the Faraday bag and put it on ‘airplane’ after it started up...
“This is dead. Let’s cruise.” Stevo turns them around and they go back to the ugly van.
As soon as they get inside Stevo has the van started and is ready to put it in gear before he even checks his mirror, then notices Devin still fiddling with his seat belt, and sits back to buckle his own.
Devin is relieved when he pauses. The van is scary enough without the driver going off half-cocked. “We should go by that wetlands on the way over.”
“Yeah, that was a nice place.” Stevo sighs and settles down. This is their chance to look around before they have a van full of hot property. “We could look for Unifly’s Flight Center too.” He starts them off, driving sedately until they reach the expressway.
Devin turns into a lookout, “See that hill? The one next to the other two? Let’s jog over that way. I remember it from the flights.” He’s leaning forward against his seat belt, which he’s loosened, with his hands braced on the engine cover and the dashboard.
For a moment they both see through drone-camera eyes, spotting familiar things in the distance and triangulating landmarks so they know where to go. The hard part is to keep their thinking down to just two dimensions.
“Sure got wide streets around here.”
“It’s all bare, too. Looks greener from the air.”
“There’s that place with the big pool.”
“Everybody’s got a big pool.”
“Look,” Devin points, “Go left. I know this one. Hooks up where we need to go. Heading, one four zero,” he enunciates the numbers like an air traffic controller.
“One-four-zero?” Stevo pretends to not understand the jargon and smiles when he gets the desired concerned glance from his navigator.
“That’s east southeast,” Devin humors him, cracking a smile. They’re in Los Vegas! Just driving around!  “As the crow flies.”
“Where the hell are we? I don’t see any crows.” Stevo does a fast hand-over-hand just above the steering wheel without touching it so it looks like he’s making a sudden turn.
Devin startles and braces himself, “Hey!” When they continue to cruise along steadily he squint-eyes his friend and makes a crude face.
“Just seeing if you’re paying attention.”
Devin spots the street he’s been looking for, “Get in the left turn lane.”
“Oh yeah. This looks familiar.”
They turn off the wide divided road onto one going through closely packed small houses.
“Lookit that school,” Devin gawks, wondering why he hadn’t notice the artistic blocky X-shape from the air. “They pave everything here.” Winter heat shimmers from the painted lines for basketball and other games. There are a few little roofs to give areas of shade and he tries to imagine what it would be like in the summer, then doesn’t want to.
“Now what? Should I follow the road or turn off on the one still heading east?”
“Just keep going... No! Turn! It’ll go to the visitor’s center.”
Stevo yanks them to the left, then farther ahead sees the sign for the wetlands park and yanks back to catch then next road. The van rocks ungracefully.
“Whoa. Slow down.”
“We’re gettin’ close. There’s your park.”
“It’s so dry. I thought it was greener.”
“It is. From up above.”
“It’s really different down here.”
“Welcome to flatland. We’ll be up above it again soon enough.” After saying it so hopefully, Stevo begins to doubt what they’ll find at the copter site.
“Think they survived?” Devin now is ready to go find out. The wetlands is too boring.
“Some of ‘em must have.”
Devin can see what must be his last performance spot, behind the building along the water. “Hey, there’s the bridge where those people watched.” He starts to get excited.
“We can’t stop.” Stevo turns them into the parking lot, intending to just cruise through and loop back, but a glance at his friend causes him to pull over in a No Parking Zone so Devin can look off through the bare branches. It’s where they flew both of their swarms a final time, and worth a little risk to give his friend a moment, even though there must be security cameras.
Devin had been experimenting with a new routine of weaving the little fliers together while they disappeared into the sun, and a sparse crowd had been still gathering while they flew away too high to be seen.
“We can’t be noticed,” Stevo says, half to himself, and puts the van in gear to turn and putt-putt away. He thinks, We’ll come back later and stop, but he knows they won’t.
After leaving the park, they pick their way along and try to skirt the edge of the subdivisions while keeping the river in sight. “Sure is different from the ground.” Stevo follows the road around, and when they get farther away from the houses and closer to the water, he relaxes. He can almost see the site, dead ahead somewhere.
“We should swap plates,” Devin breaks into his thoughts. He’s realized that they should have swapped plates back before they got this close.
“Oh yeah. Good one,” Stevo pulls them over while Devin digs through the large envelope. “Get out different ones than last time,” he nags, “And make sure they’re the same plate number.” He can feel his friend’s eye-roll even though Devin is now turned away and getting out of the van.
Devin looks around nervously while sticking on the front plate, then when he glances down he has to fix it so it’s straight. He’s more careful and focused with the back one and self-consciously crawls back into the van through the side door. “It’s so bare. Everybody can see us.” 
They sit for a minute, looking around at the dull reddish hills, at all the houses, the nearby large buildings, the wide divided street that’s lined with palms.
“No sweat,” Stevo says, “We’ll be on the other side of that hill.” He sounds more confident than he’s feeling.
Devin doesn’t say anything. It’s all so different than he thought it would be.
They pull back onto the pavement and drive a ways. “Help me out,” Stevo says, “Gotta find the... There it is. That parkway. There’s the hotel built on a bridge. Con-dos, on the Wa-ter,” Stevo parodies an old rock tune.
“Drones, in the sky-y,” Devin off-keys the obvious next line, then frets, looking at all the windows. Bunch’a rich people. “Everybody’ll see us,” he laments.
“So you’ve said...” Ugh. “Look around. Nobody cares.”
Devin leans forward. They’re approaching a lake in the desert, and the area is so built up with upscale everything that he only gets glimpses of it. Only a few cars can be seen moving off in the distance. 
They turn onto a wide divided avenue lined with palm trees and desert plants. It’s hard to tell when they cross over the river. Stevo has scouted this area thoroughly so he relaxes a little, but everything is more open and exposed than he thought it would be, and even though it’s all built up and perfect, there are more construction vehicles on the road than high-end cars. He follows a work truck, trying to fit in.
“They’re all hotels and gated communities,” Devin laments, “You sure we’ll get there from here?”
“No prob,” Stevo says, “It’s up ahead a little. You’ll see.”
Having so many construction trucks around starts to make sense. A new development is being opened up, and it’s their ticket in.
This is all still a guess, but if it doesn’t work out he can always pull out his laptop and look through screenshots for more ideas, but it would be a last resort. His friend still doesn’t know he has his computer with him and he’d rather keep it that way.
Security gates and steel-bar fencing line the left side of the parkway on the other side of the raised median. Up ahead after a curve Stevo sees the place where the fence ends and the roadside turns to dirt. He smiles and sits back, but when he gets closer sees that he can’t turn into the site because there’s no gap in the median. The landscaping has thinned out so he could just jump the curb, but that would attract lots of attention.
Stevo nods to the expanse of bare dirt when they pass by, “That’s where we’re going.”
Devin perks up and stares just before they are past it. Oho. “I know that place.”
“Yep. We can just drive on back, once I get there.”
“Where we goin’ now, then?”
“Traffic circle up ahead. We’ll come back and just cruise in like it’s nobody’s business. This thing,” he slaps the engine cover, “will look like a service van. Everybody’s busy. They won’t care.”  Stevo is very proud that his ‘shortcut’ seems to be working out. The only other way in to the copters would be really long, and it had looked far too rough for the van to make it.
They approach, turn in, and right away see that the obvious path leading away behind the big hill is blocked by the two arms of a simple gate. Without hesitation Stevo goes past it to the right and follows the construction road towards the earthmovers and staked-out plots, but then immediately turns left onto a track leading behind a big rock. They’re out of sight, and up ahead is the gravel road that’s on the other side of the gate.
Stevo keeps his speed up so the van won’t get stuck, Devin braces himself and tries to keep his head from banging against the glass next to him, and the van rocks violently from side to side as they bounce across a dry wash and up a small rise onto the road.
They’re now visible again and Stevo keeps them moving steadily on back, steering around the bigger rocks and holes. They go under some high heavy power lines, past the big towers, and finally curve around behind the big hill and are out of sight.
“There! We got it.” Stevo grins hugely and sits back, letting the van lug down to a slow thrumming crawl to smooth out the bumps. “We’re too far away now, and we blend in.”
Devin looks out through the dirty passenger window at the ruddy grime on the mirror. The rest of the hulking vehicle must be similarly earth-toned. It’s local camouflage. He looks back at the dust cloud behind them, “We’re leaving dust. A big cloud.” He looks anxiously over.
“It’s o-kay.” Stevo keeps his eyes on the trail. They are coming up on a rough patch with lots of rocks he has to avoid, but on the other side it turns into a smoother road that has two ruts of gravel.
He weaves them around the bigger stones and depressions, sometimes just deciding to drive over the less sharp rocks to avoid the rougher washouts, and he has to speed up a little so they keep going. At the one place he can’t avoid having the vehicle lurch violently, and Devin knocks his head into the doorpost before he can get braced against it.
“Ow!”
“You okay?”
“Yeah, just stupid.”
“Knocked stupid or just normal stupid.” Stevo relaxes now that they’re on an even surface again.
“Stupid enough to let you get me into this.” Devin rubs the side of his head and surveys the alien landscape, feeling alien. “What if we got stuck? Nobody comes back here.”
“Oh, yeah? Look.” Stevo points up ahead. Tilted into the next curve is a battered ‘Speed 20’ sign. He glances down at the speedometer and laughs. They are going about twenty. “I’m driving the speed limit,” he fake-complains.
The they round a small hill and both see it.
Stevo guns them ahead to the place where the road widens and fades out, sliding the van to a stop right at the edge before the ground drops away to a dry gulch. Across on the other side, nestled into a fold of the chunky cliff, is the cave. It looks just as he expected it would.
“Whew,” he eyes a place where the slope to the bottom seems less severe, maybe the van could make it, but shuts the engine off instead. “Don’t know if we could get back out. Let’s go look.”
Devin excitedly clicks out of his tightly cinched seat belt and the end flies away to bang noisily against the door before floppily getting sucked into its retractor.
They stand in the sun and the heat from the van’s engine radiates behind them.
“That branch is still near the opening,” Devin observes. It doesn’t block the squarish entrance, but would have been moved if anyone had gone into the cave. “And there’s no debris.”
“Yeah. No rotors or fairings,” Stevo looks around, wide-eyed excited, “That’s a good sign.” He examines the ground near the van, “No tire tracks. We’re golden!”
They slide down the rocky hill and scurry over, too happy to mind the sharp rocks, prickly pear, and slippery footing.

~ ~~ ~~~ ~~ ~

And now the eBook’s cover image makes sense, right? They’re at their goal. While writing about Stevo and Devin in Sin City, the bright lights and glamor never entered into the narrative, so Vegas society’s superficial and temporary nature is only hinted at. The lake area is grandly overbuilt and OCD perfect, but service workers far outnumber the affluent residents. The bare construction area where Stevo and Devin gain access into the arid backcountry was once one of the gated communities, but it was bought out and scraped flat so that a newer nicer gated community could be built. Details like this are irrelevant to the story because the glitz doesn’t matter. Stevo and Devin are seeing bigger, more far-reaching horizons.
9~ Success 
Devin pushes the dead branch aside and stumbles up the rubble to the cave’s mouth. “It is a mine.” Two battered Danger signs litter each side of the opening, each with multiple gunshot holes. He peers inside, looks over his shoulder, “It’s dark. Don’t see ‘em.”
“That’s a good thing,” I hope. Stevo joins his friend and peers into the darkness. “It’s big,” he sizes up the opening. The little drone cameras hadn’t given a sense of scale.
They look at each other and start to worry. They had set the drones to fly in, trusting their collision avoidance to keep the cluster of little fliers away from the walls and each other, and had programmed them to stop when they couldn’t go further, then shut themselves down. Had they done it? All contact had been lost as soon as the swarms had entered the cave.
“There’s no debris...”
“Did they fly back out? Maybe Unifly’s got `em. We could be in trouble. And without our phones...”
“Yeah, yeah. We’re out of the loop.” Stevo looks around at the rocks, sand, scruffy plants, all clearly undisturbed, “Nobody’s been here.” He straightens and inhales. “Bet they’re inside. Only one way to find out.”
Devin again peers into the gloom, “We need flashlights.” Do they have any?
“Yeah, I’ll go grab one,” Stevo picks his way down, jogs across the gully, and climbs up the slope to the van.
Devin is tempted to go inside, at least as far as he can see, but he holds back until his friend is with him again. Caves are too creepy, and this one’s a mine so it might collapse if they bump something. His breath catches at the thought of being trapped inside.
And he continues to worry.
After the rock had blocked the telemetry and video feeds there had been no way of knowing what had happened.
Maybe one or two of the little fliers had gone back to the Service Center to recharge, as they were programmed to do. The swarm itself always flew, but a few of its members came and went as needed to replace the weak ones with fresh ones, so the collective could keep going continuously.
The shutdown command they had gotten from Santos’s ‘recycled’ Operations Manual might have just been a sleep mode. Maybe when their batteries had gotten low they had all woken up and flown home. This could have happened yesterday or an hour ago. Maybe even now Unifly is on the way to the cave. The smokescreen flights would have been blown, the Club’s Actions found out, and maybe right now all their friends are in big trouble, blaming them, and as soon as he and Stevo get back...
“Let’s go see if they’re in there,” Stevo is there with a big LED flashlight. He steps into the opening, finding his footing on the uneven rocky floor, and Devin follows. Once they are well inside and start to stumble in the dimness Stevo clicks on the flashlight. The sudden brightness momentarily blinds them until he gets the beam pointed away into the darkness.
“Whoa,” having light eases Devin’s nervousness. The rock surrounding them looks solid, and some of it glistens.
“It’s got D cells,” Stevo says. His voice echoes back from the gloom ahead. “You can hit people with this thing.” The flashlight’s heaviness feels good in his hand.
“How far back does this go?”
Stevo raises the light above his head, holding it underhanded like he’s seen them do on the shows.
Up ahead they can just make out metal bars blocking the passage, and the floor is littered with fallen rocks. Devin’s heart sinks. The drones had cycled back. They’ve got nothing. Well, at least we’ve got those crates, he consoles himself. He again wonders what’s inside the big boxes. They’re not big enough to hold screens. A console without the nice curved panoramic view would be useless.
So if the swarm copters aren’t there, that also means they’ve been found out! And the Club...
Stevo waves the bright light around and takes a few steps closer. The flashing dazzles Devin’s eyes. It’s irritating, and he’s in no mood for it.
“Looks like we scored,” Stevo is breathless.
What? Devin steps up beside his friend, bracing himself for more jokes ‘to break the tension,’ but they both stand there.
The rocky floor in front of the iron lattice is littered with hexacopters.
The rounded flat shapes are bigger than Devin had imagined. They have a dull vague color and are more or less evenly spaced apart. They are clearly not rocks.
“Holy crap.”
“Yeah.”
There are more of them than Stevo had thought, even though he really hadn’t considered how many fliers there would be. “Good thing the van’s big.” He straightens up, almost hitting his head on the rocky ceiling, and punches his little friend on the shoulder, almost missing, and when he turns around toward the bright wash of daylight he’s momentarily blinded.
On the way out they have to shield their eyes to see the uneven floor.
“Let’s clear a path.”
“Yeah. We’re gonna make a lot of trips.”
They stand squinting at the mine’s mouth, finally realizing what it will take to get their prize home.
“Can we get the van over here?”
“Dunno. Suck if we got stuck.”
They hike over to the gentler slope beyond where the van sits.
“Can you get it down this?”
“Yeah maybe. It ramps down. We could clear out those rocks.” Stevo sees a path they can widen. He takes a breath, blows it out, “We better get on it.”
It’s daunting, but after they get started actually only takes a few minutes. When Devin guides Stevo down the van jounces over everything, its oversize tires pushing some of the rocks out of the way and grinding over others, and then getting the van turned around and into position ends up being the trickiest part.
“Aim it over here!”
“Where? I can’t see you!”
“Go to your right!”
“Get in my mirror. If you see me, I can see you!”
“You’ll run over me!”
“Yeah. That’s the idea!”
“Well... Get out and look.”
Stevo hops out, letting the driver’s door swing far forward like an outstretched wing. “Oh. I see. Gotta be a few feet to the right.”
“That’s what I said.”
No you didn’t, Stevo almost says, but instead turns and climbs back up into the driver’s seat. It’s now a much higher step up due to the uneven ground.
After the van is backed up to the scree in front of the entrance, Stevo stands to the side while Devin moves a few rocks to get the rear doors open. The grimy van’s coating of dust blends in with the hillsides and make it look like it belongs there. Once the doors are open Stevo gets closer. “Huh. Straight shot right inside.” The slightly higher ground slopes down closely behind the van, reminding him of Ridgeview’s loading dock.
Devin asks, “How many can we get in there?”
“Dunno,” Stevo starts to climb up the rubble to get inside the van, but then stops and goes around to the side door because it’s easier. He comes out the back next to Devin and starts rolling the orange carpeting forward, “Help me with this divider. That thing’s older than I am.”
Underneath the carpet is a battered and heavily weathered piece of plywood that Devin doesn’t remember from before. It’s thick, heavy, and when they lift its edge turns out to be slightly floppy due to all the scrapes, gouges, and holes in its surface. Devin dimly remembers Stevo sliding it in before they left the barn.
“Here, let’s move it out of the way.” They pull it out onto the rocks, and while Devin hangs onto it so it won’t slide under the van, wondering what’s next, Stevo rolls the carpet back in place and motions for Devin to pass it back inside. Because of its awkward bulk and ragged edge it takes both of them to get it into position behind the seats, and then it fits neatly when angled up, blocking off the entire back of the van so it’s a large enclosed cargo space.
They sit on nearby rocks and gulp from water bottles. With the side doors shut, the back opening of the van looks as dark as the cave twenty feet up the slope behind them.
“Sure is dry out here.”
“Yeah. Shoulda brought more water.”
“It’ll go quick. We can just roll ‘em down the hill so they go right inside.”
“If you had let me unpack the crates, we coulda had a controller so we could fly ‘em inside.”
“Yeah. We should go back and do that.”
“I get to drive this time.”
“You can’t reach the pedals.”
“Get down and work `em for me then. When I step on your head, press on the brake.”
“Okay, okay, back to it. The day’s slipping by.”
They toss their water bottles into the van so they bounce around inside, then scrutinize their path up into the mine.
“We’ll just get the big rocks out of the way.”
“If we toss `em down by the bumper it’ll complete the ramp.” Devin tries this with one of the stones.
“Don’t hit my dad’s van! I’ve got enough to explain already.”
“I’m just filling it in,” Devin tosses a few more and one bounces into the paneling of the left-hand door.”
“See? Knock it off. Just toss `em to the side.”
They work steadily up to the ledge outside the mine, clearing the path so it’s merely difficult instead of treacherous. Devin scampers to the opening, “Look out!” and a rock flies out to the side, then another.
“Hold your fire!” Stevo climbs up to join him and they quickly clear the remaining obstacles and brush, then start in on the cave itself, flinging out rocks as they work their way back. The mine’s floor is not as even as they had hoped, but they get rid of most of the trip hazards.
As they get farther in, Devin starts lugging out as many rocks as he can carry and Stevo stops him, “Here. Treat `em like firewood. It’s easier to toss them ahead in piles than to carry ‘em.” He’s learned this from the many times he’s helped his dad. He takes each rock from his friend and gives each an easy throw, making a pile close to the glaring entrance, and adds more from the rubble around him. Then he goes to the pile and tosses the rocks outside. One bounces down and almost hits the open van door but he doesn’t think Devin saw it.
“We’re about done,” he tells his friend, “We only need a clear path, not clean out to the edges.” Stevo is carefully casual because he doesn’t want to trigger his friend’s OCD. He clicks on the flashlight and pushes the smaller rocks and debris out of the way with his foot, completing the path back to the nest of drones.
He tosses the few remaining big rocks toward the entrance and carries out a branch that somehow found its way back, “You could help...”
“You do good work. I was admiring it.” Devin goes to the pile and pitches out the big rocks, and in minutes they are done. They can go back and forth without having to watch their footing.
As they go back in to start carrying out the copters, Devin says, “I hear voices.”
They stop and hover near the bright entrance, let their eyes adjust, and see some hikers looking their way from across the gulley. They’re clearly just curious and the woman makes a move to continue on their way, but the two men are still looking and talking.
“They’ll tell everybody,” Devin whispers a whine.
Stevo snorts with an idea. “You put the fake Nevada plates on, right?” He gets that look from his friend. “Follow my lead.” This is something he’s always wanted to say.
Stevo straightens up and boldly strides outside, using his Club skills to ‘act natural.’ He greets their interlopers with fake tired weariness from an imaginary long day of labor at a job he pretends to be disgusted at doing, “You guys see anybody messing around with this mine?”
It’s a smokescreen that puts the men on the defensive. They look at each other and one says, “Uh, no. This is the first time we’ve hiked along here.” He almost sounds guilty.
“You see anybody else hiking around?” Stevo presses.
“We’re just passing through,” the woman says. She’s walked back near the men, and just like with Marisa, Stevo sees her attention start to focus in.
He turns wary, “Well, people have been messing around here, and we gotta clean it up,” he starts to worry that he’s overplaying his hand, “We gotta fix the...” What do you call that thing? “Plug. That closes off the mine.” He knows he’s talking too much, so ends with, “Flippin’ vandals,” and implies that he would be swearing if a lady weren’t present.
“Well, that looks like fun,” says one of the men.
“Let’s get going,” the woman tells him.
Stevo shrugs and turns to Devin as if it’s just another day.
The three hikers move on and pick up the trail that leads farther into the hills. Their fading chatter is comforting because it’s easy to tell they are unconcerned and going away. 
Stevo glances to his partner and they share a blown-out breath of relief.
“We’re gettin’ good at this.”
“Let’s get good at gettin’ out of here.”
Stevo starts worrying that they’ll run out of time. They also don’t have enough water and have eaten all their food. Do they have any chips left? “We better hustle.”

~ ~~ ~~~ ~~ ~

This brings them to the riskiest part of their plan. They’ve got the two-wheel-drive van down in a gulch in rough country and are about to load exotic equipment that’s obviously not theirs. Their innocent ignorance lets them move forward, their confident inexperience makes it all seem possible, and each moves the other along under the belief that they have more to gain than to lose. What is ‘Normal’ is irrelevant. It could all easily fall apart. They could get caught or stuck, they don’t have food or water, they may never figure out how to get the drones working, but even though they worry, only the goal matters. They have a vision for their future and won’t let anything get in the way.
10~ Possession 
Devin picks up a copter, “It’s so light.”
“Careful. Don’t squish it.”
It’s true. Devin can feel the paint-thin surface give way under his light touch. He freezes in the gloom, imagining that he can now feel finger marks in the surface, but then shrugs and carefully carries it out to the van. They’ve got more drones than they can use, and a few dents won’t matter, will they?
Outside, he sees how beautifully elegant it is. It’s a rounded flat hexagon of a satiny grey that seems to blend in with both earth and sky. He hasn’t left any finger-dents, but it is delicate, like a very elaborate soap bubble.
“They’re awesome, aren’t they?” Stevo has come out with another one and is balancing it on his palms.
“They’re big,” Devin breathes. If he dared to hug it, his arms would just barely reach around.
“And look at the rotors. Now that’s complicated.” Stevo squints in close, “It snaps in,” he looks at the rest of them, and at the box in the center, then boldly lifts it up to look underneath. “They’re all modular. Controller, cameras, battery. Bet you can swap `em out in seconds.”
Devin is still fixated on the delicate surface. It’s slightly iridescent and takes on the colors that are near it, yet the finish is dull and doesn’t reflect. “Cool paint job.”
Stevo holds his up to the light. “Yeah. It’s like... made out of all colors.”
“That would be black.”
“Not on this thing.” Stevo hefts it and Devin cringes when he bounces it on one hand, rubs a finger over the surface, pushes his finger into it and looks at the result. “Hey, it’s... resilient. Springs right back.”
“Don’t dent it.”
“I’m not. Check it out,” he holds it close to Devin and stabs it with a finger. The surface yields with a crinkling sound then the dent pops back out. Stevo pushes at it again, “Huh. Now it’s softer there. Guess I shouldn’t do that.”
“Yeah. Don’t.” Devin feels protective about the one he’s holding, even though there’s a bunch more waiting to be carried out.
“Man, we got a lot of `em. Better start loadin’ up.”
They find that the rounded hexagons fit neatly together wall to wall with only a little space left over on the side. They have mating dimples and depressions and nest together in neat stacks. “Closest packing,” Devin mutters as they admire their work midway through loading up. 
“Almost as if they planned it that way,” quips Stevo. He thinks back to Brent, one of Unifly’s engineers.
When the Club was getting ready for their Actions against Unifly, he and his friends had finagled a tour of their enemy so they could collect vital intel for the pushback. Stevo and Marcus had gotten a side-tour to the engineering department, and they recorded everything on their phones. Stevo has played the videos over and over.
Marcus had done a better job of keeping his camera on target. His shots of Brent’s CAD workstation had captured a design in progress as well as some very useful keystrokes and sticky notes that helped give Santos remote access. There was also Stevo at his goofiest, while he was trying to distract the man from noticing their scrutiny.
A complicated 3-D design was assembled from separate drawings for each part, and Brent had shown them how it could be easily modified just by changing numbers in a spreadsheet. The computer model was then flight tested with an analysis program that simulated real life, and only then was it built in real life.
Now, looking at these well thought-out copters it was easy to imagine how they had looked on the computer workstation, and how they had become so simple yet effective.
As the boys load the rest of the copters, walking up and down over the slope of loose rock becomes far more demanding than carefully carrying and stacking the delicate craft. Only the lowering sun and lack of refreshments keeps them from taking another break.
“Hey. We’re gettin full,” Devin observes, relieved. There are only a few drones left in the mine.
“Yeah. I counted `em. We’ll have room for all the good ones and some of the damaged ones.” A few of the copters had landed on sharp rocks or fallen on each other when they had shut down.
“We can’t leave any behind,” Devin says, “We can’t leave any evidence.”
Stevo thinks this over while they come back out with two more. “There’ll be empty spaces around the wheel wells. Don’t block `em in.” He’s too tired to explain and Devin is far too tired to wonder, even when Stevo carries out a damaged copter on his next trip.
Once outside, Stevo lets go of his copter and it is so light that it floats more than drops to the now well-packed ground, making a hollow little thump when it hits and bounces. He grabs it roughly before it can roll away and pops the motors loose, taking care with the thin transparent rotor blades with their complex linkages, and unplugs each one’s ribbon cable from the central control before carefully setting them aside. He pops the cameras and battery loose in like fashion, and then when he snaps the control box away ends up with a pile of delicate parts and a bubble-shell weighing almost nothing.
“Whoa.” Devin is surprised at how quickly Stevo has done this. It’s like his friend has taken one apart before, which of course he hasn’t.
Then, shocker, Stevo tramples the empty urethane-coated variable-density foam body flat into the dust and smiles. “That worked out. We can take away all traces.” He lifts the lumpy pancake and waves it around. “Look, no mess!” He starts hitting things with the flattened copter body.
Devin cautions, “Well, don’t make a mess,” and Stevo smacks him with the big foam potato chip.
He feigns getting cut by a sharp edge or something, and Stevo drops his guard enough so that Devin can grab it and smack him back, once on either side of his head. When Stevo just stands and frowns at him Devin does it again, “I’m gettin’ good at this,” and they have a quick tug-of-war. Then they hastily bring out the rest of the copters, carefully loading the remaining intact ones and tossing the few bad ones off to the side to be parted out.
For the disassembly, Stevo unsnaps parts and hands them over, and Devin carefully nests the rotors together in the hollows around the wheel wells and sets the more durable parts in the remaining empty spaces of the rear corners of the van.
At first, stomping the copter bodies flat is hilarious fun, then the dance gets hot and sweaty and they become really thirsty. The last two don’t get smashed as flat.
“Time for the emergency jug,” says Stevo. He goes to the front of the van and brings back the gallon jug of stale water that is kept in the pedestal under the driver’s seat. “This sucker’s been in the van for years.”
After Devin gulps some down, “Tastes like it,” he makes a face, then takes another swallow.
Stevo doesn’t tell him that it’s only the jug that’s old. His family just rinses and refills it, and it’s funnier if his friend thinks the water is really old too.
They pass it back and forth until it’s half empty, and when Stevo puts the cap back on he takes a close look at the beat-up plastic. “It’s thicker than the ones they sell now.” He pokes his finger at it and pushes in the side like he had done with the first drone he had carried out, “This thing’s been in the van a long time. It’s not flimsy like the ones they sell now.” He’s repeating something his dad has said. Stevo doesn’t really know if it’s true because this is the only gallon plastic jug he knows.
Devin squinches his face, “We’re not going to get sick are we?”
“Naw, it’s water. What could happen?” He’s deliberately baiting his friend.
“They’ve got expiration dates. Stuff can grow in `em.”
“Water cooties,” Stevo teases.
“Tastes kinda musty.”
“It’s the taste of experience.” Stevo takes pity on his squeamish friend, “It’s only the jug that’s old. Dad probably refilled it just a few months ago.”
“If he poisoned me I’m gonna puke all over his van.”
“Puke will be the least of your problems,” Stevo laughs, “Bad water gets you in the pants.”
At this point Devin is thoroughly grossed out. Stevo offers him the jug one more time, which he refuses.
Stevo sets the jug by the driver’s door so he won’t forget it. “Well, giardia buddy, we better get back to work.” It’s gratifying that Devin just slits his eyes, shakes his head, and turns away.
They have to fit the flattened drone bodies inside the van so no evidence is left behind.
“How we gonna get these things in there?” Devin kicks a flattened body and it skitters away.
“Kick it to the other side. We’ll slide `em in the side doors.”
“They gonna fit?”
“It’ll be packing material. Like big flat hard bubble wrap.”
“They sounded like it. We were popping really big bubbles.” Whenever he saw bubble wrap, Devin always grabbed onto it and had ‘hours of fun’ popping through the sheet. He’d carry it around inside his backpack and just pop a few at a time behind unsuspecting classmates. When they looked around to see who was doing it, Devin would look around too, and they could never find out who the culprit was.
Stevo opens the side doors and they stand to look at the narrow space available.
“They won’t fit,” Devin is starting to get worried. They could set them on top of the stacks, but that would surely damage the good ones.
Stevo leans in and gently pushes against the bottom of the lowest drone in a stack. He wiggles the stack on the carpeting and walks it inward a foot until the copters creak against each other. He does the same to the stack next to it. “There. They might just fit.”
Devin looks doubtful, but nothing for it, they won’t know until they try. He hands Stevo a flattened drone body and gets another to pass in while Stevo holds it flat up against the stacks with one hand. They layer the discarded bodies this way and soon Stevo has to use both hands to hold them up. When the space is filled, Devin pushes the left door closed so Stevo can get a hand free and work the latch, then the right door makes a dull thud when it’s shut. There’s just a couple of flattened drone bodies left over.
“They’ll fit in the back, easy,” Stevo is relieved, “Those copters are so packed in, they won’t shift an inch.”
The rear doors shut with just a little room to spare, and once again, the van has gotten itself filled up perfectly. It always seemed to be that way. The family would go camping and there would be just enough room for everybody and their gear. They’d help somebody move, and all their stuff would just barely fit inside. When they went to the drive-in, a queen-size mattress would fill the back, and when the loveseat was against it there would be just enough room for their feet so they could watch the movie. Stevo had always thought it was because his dad planned it that way, but now he’s not so sure. 
They plop down on the sandy gravel and lean back against the scree in the shade of the van.
“We did it!” Devin says. The mine is empty and they have their prize.
“All we gotta do is get the van outta here. It’d suck if we got stuck.”
“We’d be fucked and out of luck.”
“Lucky ducks get out of the muck.”
“Cluck cluck cluck, you’d better duck.”
Stevo rears back and eyeballs his friend, “You always do get in the last word, don’t you.”
“I let you have it sometimes.”
“Not now, not ever.”
“I try.”
“You’re trying.”
“Trying to get the last word.”
“You can have it.”
“Okay. Thanks.”
They gaze around at the hills, at the light blue sky.
“I don’t like the van sittin’ here,” Stevo says, working up ambition.
“Yeah. We been lucky.”
“As far as we know...”
“Don’t say that.”
“We do have to get out of here. Then we’re golden.”
“After we make it look natural again. We gotta clean up.”
“Yeah yeah.” Stevo groans and stands up. “I’m starved.”
Devin digs in his pack and produces a small bag of party mix from his ‘private stock’ and accepts a few swallows of musty water from the van’s jug. “Let’s get this done.”
Stevo tosses a short-handled broom to him so he can sweep over their footprints and flick debris back over the area.
“Here goes nuthin’,” he starts the van, gets it lined up with the gentler part of the slope, and with rear tires spinning, bouncing, then digging in, easily makes it up to the road.
More evidence to clean up, Devin thinks while watching.
Stevo gets out and realizes the extra mess he’s made. He finds the van’s folding shovel and starts de-rutting his track, trying to make it look like a washout. Devin gets back to his own task and finds that swirling the broom works best to smear over their footprints, and he works back into the mine as far as he can see. Stevo finishes and comes over, they toss rocks around the entrance, drag the big branch to its former spot, and admire their work.
“Just like it was.”
“We did it.”

~ ~~ ~~~ ~~ ~

This is the first time they’ve actually seen one of Unifly’s drones. Up until now flying was a remote affair using distant tools. Now with the real thing right in front of them, flying is the last thing they’re thinking about. Stevo is definitely the leader of this expedition, but Devin holds his own and has his moments. Of course they pull it off. It’s still early in the story, and only the beginning of their plans, and their potential. They have grit (literally), talent, and luck, the last being a transient thing. They’re still in Las Vegas, where luck is king, but it’s a ghost. Only persistence will see them through.
11~ Cleanup 
They get back onto pavement and the thick hush is striking. The squeaking from the shifting plastic drone bodies settles down, the engine noise is a muffled thrum, and the road noise is low and steady.
“It’s so quiet now.”
“Those copters,” Stevo tilts his head over his shoulder, “That foam sucks up all the noise.”
The van seems to ride lower as well as smoother, but since Devin had helped load the drones he knows there isn’t much weight back there. He eyes the badly weathered and beat-up plywood just behind their seats, “That wall works good. It’s like they’re locked away.” We shoulda locked the doors. The next time they stop he’ll nag Stevo to do it.
“Dad cut it to fit. That plywood used to be part of an old chicken coop.”
Devin recoils in spite of himself, “Chickens?” He looks a little closer, trying to spot feathers, or... poop.
“Relax,” Stevo slit-eyes him, “That was years ago. When I was a kid I used to play in there. I’d run my trucks through the old piles of dirt until Mom figured out it was manure and made Dad tear the whole thing down.” Out of the corner of his eye he sees his friend react and enjoys Devin’s discomfort. “Relax. You won’t get any on ya. That plywood’s been part of the van for as long as I remember,” he leans over, “It doesn’t have chicken cooties.”
Devin isn’t so sure. The ragged grey surface has stuff stuck in the cracks. He looks closer and sees that it’s sawdust. And dirt, and carpet fuzz. There’s a little piece of tape. Masking tape. And part of a wrapper? The plywood surface has gouges, and there are places where it’s been eroded away.
Stevo is laughing at him, “Hey, pull back, man.”
It’s embarrassing. Devin realizes he’s micro-focused again, and changes the subject. “We need a phone.”
“And food. And a hose-down.”
“We passed a Superstore on the way in. Let’s go there.”
“If we can find the highway again. Where are we going... navigator?”
Crap I don’t know, “Go straight,” There’s a beltway? “Go past the diagonal thing. That busy street. And then there’ll be the interstate. That’s what we want. We don’t wanna go back to The Strip.”
“Yeah? The diagonal thing?” Stevo laughs.
“Yeah.” Devin makes sure to sound confident. “Whatever it’s called. We go past it and keep an eye out for the interstate. Then we go west,” now doubt niggles him, “Or north. It’s a diagonal too. Uh... Heading two twenty.” There. That should be exact enough for him.
“Now you’re flyin’,” Stevo smiles. He stops and thinks about it. “That intersection by the Diagonal Thing? It’s where there’s a superstore. We go there first and get our shit together,” it’s a military term he’s learned from Matt, “then find the highway, and get the hell out of here!”
“Yeah,” Devin agrees, “Just like I said.”
Stevo snorts and glances over, “I don’t know why I don’t listen to you more.”
“I wonder that all the time.” Devin sits back in his seat and gazes outside, looking for that x-wing school. Did they pass it? All the rocky landscaping and palm trees look alike. 
“We gotta clean up,” says Stevo, “We look like we rolled in it.”
“We did. Hey look. I think that’s the supercenter. Get in the left lane.”
“I’m workin’ on it. Hey, it’s near a gas station. We should fuel up while we got the chance.”
“They sure got a lot of empty space around here. Gotta use binoculars to see stuff.”
“Yeah, for an overview of all the fast food places and...”
“Lookit. It’s got its own turn lane.”
“I see it.” Stevo lets someone pass, then squeezes over, remembers his blinker, and manages to get into the turn lane without cutting anyone off.
They fuel up, Stevo washing the windshield and Devin getting the side windows and mirrors. As an afterthought Stevo also swipes the headlights and taillights. It’s something he’s seen his dad do and is clearly a good idea because they drip gritty red wash water, and glisten amid the grime.
Then they park in the middle of the Superstore lot at the edge of the other cars. 
As soon as Stevo shuts off the engine he says, “Uh oh. Crap! Our packs are just on the other side of the wall.” He knocks on the barrier behind him and gets the desired response.
Devin startles and glances at the plywood. Then he rolls his eyes and pins his friend with an evil squint. His pack is on the floor against the engine cover and Stevo’s is next to it.
“Gotcha! Loosen up.”
Sigh. He’s right. Devin smirks, shaking his head, conceding the point.
Then he moves on. “We really did pull it off, didn’t we.”
“We’re pulling it off right now, buddy. Lighten up. It’s a success.”
Devin sags down theatrically, “After all... what could happen?”
“You got it,” Stevo roots around in his pack, “I wanna put on a clean shirt, but I’m getting it dirty just lookin’ at it. We should go to the bathroom and wash off.”
“Like street people.”
“Yeah. Wipe the street off so we can be with people.”
They lock the van and go in. Devin feels like everyone is looking at them, but Stevo spots a few ‘fellow campers’ and figures that they fit right in.
The towel dispenser is empty.
“Looks like somebody got here before us.”
 “We’re in good company then.”
Stevo takes off his tee and splashes water all over his face and head, then turns the shirt inside out to dry himself. Devin takes his shirt to the corner and shakes it out first, then makes a water mess on the floor instead of the counter and tries using the air dryer. At first it seems useless, but then does dry him off and feels really good when he sticks his hair almost into it.
Stevo turns his now damp shirt right-side out, and hesitates before carefully sliding it back on. He looks like his clothing was painted with wet dirt and his hair sticks up crookedly.
“Ha! I shouldn’t be seen with you,” Devin sticks his nose up in the air.
“You’re not much better.”
Devin looks in the mirror. The hot air has made his hair even more wispy than normal, and his shirt almost doesn’t look dirty because it isn’t wet. He laughs at his friend, “When we walk out, pretend you don’t know me.”
Back in the van, Devin surprises Stevo by changing all his clothes right there in the balcony seat. After looking around to see if anybody is near, he quickly strips down to underwear, pulls out pants and shirt, and has them on before Stevo can choose between competing wisecracks.
Stevo just puts on a fresh tee shirt and combs down his hair. The steering wheel is in the way, so he steps outside and uses his wet dirty tee to beat the dust out of his jeans and wipe off his shoes. He ends up looking almost like he normally does: casual and vaguely presentable.
Devin is lacing up his shoes when he realizes, “Oh, man. We forgot to switch the plates back.” Their fakeness would be totally obvious to anyone walking by. He jumps out and grabs the cardboard off the front plate, and the velcro makes an uneven ripping sound.
“Careful, man. Don’t bend it...” Stevo calls to him.
“We’re tossing them anyway.” 
“No way. We might still need them.” They had already tossed the first set, and will need the last pair, but the Nevada ones might still come in handy. “Maybe we should leave them on for a while.”
“They don’t look that good.”
Devin goes to the back and removes the rear plate more carefully, then realizes that there are cameras all over the parking lot. He hugs them to his chest when he scurries back inside. This is the second screwup with the plates and it makes him nervous. Or is it the third screwup? The fake plates were on when they got gas too, and convenience stores always have cameras.
But maybe they should leave them on. It would be lower profile to have Nevada plates on while still in Nevada... And they do look pretty good... But good enough? Being a criminal is so complicated.
He slides them into the fat manila envelope and carefully pushes it as deep as possible under the paper maps, then hesitates and wonders if it should be stashed in the back with the rest of the evidence.
Stevo is watching him, a slight smile on his face. “You’d make a lousy crook.”
“You say that like it’s a bad thing.”
“Just an observation,” Stevo smiles. “Ready to go back in? We need food. Bad.”
“But not bad food. And water. Drinks. Lots of `em.”
Devin has never seen slot machines in a Supercenter before. Never even considered it. The store has an actual food court too. Instead of just one franchise there are four. The slots give people something to do while they wait for their order, which is a good thing because the service is really slow. He has time to wonder if the slots are actually the reason their order takes forever. People think nothing of inserting coin after coin, or paper money, and even using credit cards and phone apps. What store would interrupt that?
Instead of gambling away dollars, as soon as they get cups they go to the drinks kiosk and stand there filling up twice. When their order is finally called, Stevo hands Devin his drink and rushes over to get the trays while Devin chooses a table. He comes back chomping the longer fries.
Devin grabs his tray to save his meal, and as soon as he bites into the burger his jaw aches with hunger and he wishes they had ordered more. He makes himself slow down by getting up and squirting a big blob of ketchup onto his tray and then only eats two fries at a time so his stomach won’t start hurting.
Stevo just wolfs it all down. “Wonder what the Club’s doing today.”
“Flying their brains out,” Devin sighs and shakes his head.
Stevo is wistful. “I miss our audience. And the... mischief,” he laughs.
“We’ve got enough of our own mischief.”
“But it ain’t flying.”
“No, and we got a lotta things to figure out.”
“We’re gettin closer... Wait until we get back. We’ll have Marcus figure it out for us.”
“If he isn’t too busy. Or busted.” Devin gets worried, a common feeling lately, “Think it’ll hit soon?” What will happen when the social media bubble bursts all over Unifly and the Club?
“We’re viral, man. It’s exploding. You’ll see. We’ll get back, things will come to a head, and Unifly’ll be so busy with damage control they’ll just give us new flights and not even miss what we took. Maybe we’ll get survey drones for a while. It’ll be soothing. Easy. And that way we have time for our own stuff.”
“And to graduate.” If we’re not in juvie. Devin never studies, but for a good finish he might have to.
Will it matter?
Stevo enthuses on while Devin’s mind wanders.
Soon we’ll have our own drones. It’ll be sweet. Devin snitches a few of his friend’s fries. Until then, do some boring Club flight. Maybe agriculture. Run a farm. That’s kinda like a swarm, just with different drones doing different things. Kinda like Marcus and his oversight flight with the swarm of truck-drones. He grabs another fry. We should get more food.
“Hey! Eat your own.”
“You don’t.” Some of the fries Stevo had eaten on his way to the table had been Devin’s.
“Want ‘em back?”
“I want more.” Devin pulls his tray closer. He’s not in the mood for their ‘fry wars’ game. “What are we gonna do when we get back?”
“Pack it away at Myra’s and figure ‘em out.”
“No. The Club. It’s gonna hit.”
“Yeah? Unifly’ll get nailed, and it’ll serve those a-holes right.”
“What if it doesn’t work?”
“All we need is for Unifly’s dirt to get out there. The court of public opinion’ll do the rest.”
“It’ll be trouble.” It’s gonna come back and bite us.
Stevo gets expansive, “And meanwhile, we make our own kind of trouble. The fun kind. We’ll be even more famous.” Stevo leans back, “We make the world a better place, and at the same  jump ahead. Way ahead.”
“By breaking the rules.”
“Worse than them? They tricked us into targeting people!” Stevo realizes he’s being too loud, so he leans in, “We are doing the right thing.”
“By stealing drones.”
“Back on that? We deserve them, they don’t. The jerks.”
“And when we get caught...”
“They’re the ones who’ll get caught.”
For Devin, it still all confuses together. He and Stevo are helping the Club really piss off Unifly, and at the same time are making themselves highly vulnerable to the corporation’s wrath. I shouldn’t of got mixed up in this. But it is really, magnificently, fun.
Stevo sits back to look around. His eyes get trapped by the flashing excitement of the slots and he makes a face and shakes himself free. “Let’s go. Buy food. Drinks. Get back on the road.”
Devin stuffs in the last of his fries, and with effort doesn’t follow his friend’s gaze to the noisy gambling corner. Is everybody gaming the system?
They find a sale on extra-large bottles of ‘fruit’ drinks. “Makes a great pee jar,” quips Stevo. They get a big bag of jerky, “Made from real cows and stuff,” two huge bags of corn chips, “For your crunching pleasure,” as well as deli chicken and potato salad, “For our moveable feast,” and two big bags of party mix, and a small one, “To replace your private stock.” He’s a live wire with their success.
Devin throws in a pack of baby wipes, “For you, for the benefit of me.”
At the phones, they can’t decide. None of them look good, and they all want you to buy just their apps.
“Maybe we should just get a SIM card,” says Devin. It would be so much easier.
Stevo counters, “They could still track us. IMEI, baby. It’s gotta be untraceable.”
“There’s too many choices.”
“And they all suck.”
Stevo steps back and gazes to the ceiling, “What do we really need? To text, call, and surf. We don’t want GPS, and all the other stuff’s fluff.”
“But all the phones are too cheap.” Devin points accusingly,“ those aren’t even smartphones.”
“What do we need it for? Emergencies, messaging, calls.”
“Maybe it isn’t worth it...”
“After all your whining? No way.” Stevo grabs one he’s been eyeing. “Here. This one’s got Wi-Fi and a browser. Huh. It’s even got a FM radio. Can’t get better than that. Comes with a ninety day service card too,” Stevo tilts his head, “The way we’re going, we’re gonna need it for a while.”
“We really do need to talk to our friends...”
“And without this,” Stevo holds up the bubble pack, “We’d have to wait a couple more days. We gotta check in before we land.”
“We might not wanna land.”
It’s dusk outside and long bands of color span the sky, even to the east.

~ ~~ ~~~ ~~ ~

Their situation is starting to sink in, just a little. It excites Stevo but troubles Devin, and they’re not even out of Sin City yet. This is only the beginning of their big plans and it’s happening while everything is blowing up between the Club and their ‘evil’ sponsor. It could turn out bad, or really good, and our heroes are each reacting in different ways. Stevo is happy to be moving forward, Devin frets about being pulled back. With the mystery crates far away and the drones out of sight in the van, their own sins seem minor compared to those of their enemy.
12~ Encounter 
The burner has a dead battery and comes with just a wall charger. When Stevo takes it back inside the customer service person says, “No returns on opened phones.” Stevo gets mad and embarrasses himself, then looks for a car charger at the checkouts but the only one they have looks incredibly cheap, so he ends up walking all the way back to the electronics department and then decides to buy an inverter for the cigarette lighter socket so they can use the charger the phone came with.
He tells Devin, “They were dicks, but the van needed a power block anyway.”
Devin doesn’t care. He’s tired of watching the parking lot and all he wants to do is get moving. And have a phone so he can text his friends and his mom. He tries to not watch the charge light.
Just before they get to the Interstate ramp, a car up ahead suddenly veers and drives off the road, braking heavily, until it comes to a stop against a light pole. Stevo pulls over immediately.
They get out, Stevo almost forgetting to look behind before opening his door, and both run over. There’s one person in the car and she must not be hurt because she’s cursing at the car’s AI and is busy pushing the airbag out of her way.
Stevo calls through the window, “Are you okay?” The woman startles and looks over, flaming mad, and Stevo backs up a step. All instincts are telling him he could be next on her angry list. “Uh, you need some help?”
She shoves her door open and starts to step out but is still tangled with her seat belt, is still fiddling with the things in her lap, and the limp airbag flops back in front of her. Stevo steps in and holds it up for her.
She’s also in conversation, angrily of course, with her car. “I don’t want help.”
“Connecting now,” the car says, then a voice comes on, “Ma’am, we have a crash alarm. Do you need assistance?”
“Of course I need assistance,” the woman says, contradicting herself, “Your car ran itself off the road and almost killed me.”
“We show that your vehicle was put in manual mode fifteen seconds before the crash. We have called 911 for you.”
“I don’t need 911! I need a car that won’t kill me!”
“Yes, ma’am. Help is on the way. How else may I...” Her slapping at the dash finally succeeds in ending the call. She glares over at Stevo, who backs up again, dropping the airbag, which flops in her face. “And I suppose you want to help me too.”
“Uh, no, ma’am,” Stevo doesn’t remember ever using the term ‘ma’am’ before. “Only if you need it...”
“Does it look like I need help?” She stuffs the airbag through the steering wheel so it will finally stay put and gets busy throwing things into her backpack-sized purse, ignoring him. Stapled papers, a phone, makeup stuff, and a badly sealed bag of trail mix all go in, not even making a bulge in the huge shoulderbag.
She finally looks over, making him wince, and calms herself a little. “Look, thanks for stopping. This... useless... autopilot started alarming... something about action needed. Piffle. By the time I took charge, nothing could be done.” She eyes Stevo, daring him to comment.
Devin has backed up to the safety of her rear bumper. They had just passed a construction zone and a couple of cones had been knocked over from the other direction of traffic. Maybe it confused the self-driving car. No way would he point that out to her. Even Stevo is backing off.
Stevo had come to the same conclusion, “Okay... Glad your weren’t hurt,” Even though you killed your car. He catches Devin’s eye and nods to the van, Let’s get out of here.
Once safely back in the van he says, “What a ditz. Car wanted help and I bet she popped it into Manual without even looking. Did you see all that stuff in her lap?”
“She needed a drone pilot.”
“Yeah. Or a smarter onboard AI.”
“One with psych skills.”
They get onto the interstate and Devin says, “You think that self-driving car lady will ever figure it out?”
“People like that never do.”
I wonder how many people are like that at Unifly, Devin ponders. Will the Club even make a difference? “She’s the one who got her car in trouble.”
“Yeah. It’s not right.”
“It’s messed up.”
“Your messed up.”
“And you’re not?”
“Hey! Lookit that!” Stevo points.
They pass a pretty girl just as he’s gotten up to speed.
Devin gets only an instant’s glimpse, so he leans to the outside mirror for a better look. “We should stop. She’s hitchin’.”
“Yeah, and there was this dude squatting down in the bushes right behind her.” He hadn’t really seen this, but that’s how people operate.
“She looked harmless, interesting,” with that long open coat, “She was about our age, right? Did you see?” Devin swallows. “She was pretty. You know Stacey Martinson?”
“Oh... Yeah...”
“She looked like her sister.”
“The pretty one.”
“Of course.”
“Never know what you’re gonna see out here.”
“We should start looking out for saucers. If we could snag a flying saucer, those,” Devin knocks on the plywood, “will be obsolete.”
“We can trade the drones for a flying saucer. Tell `em Earth tech is trendy. Retro.”
“Yeah. And sell ‘em this van too, trade it for a moonlet somewhere.”
“Never! I, and my family, will never part with this fine... well, once pretty good, van.”
“Even if they’re rich aliens? Think it through.”
“Whuh. I’m done thinking,” Stevo yawns and leans back, settling into the drive.
“Yeah. Just the highway and home.”
After they pick up the highway that goes west and drive for a while Stevo sags down over the steering wheel, “We gotta stop somewhere, dude.”
“I could drive.” Devin has a crooked smile.
“We already went over that feet-reaching-the-pedals thing, didn’t we?”
Devin acts droll and superior, “Just seeing if you’re still awake.”
At the next rest stop Devin notices a large dumpster behind the bathroom. The gate to its fenced area is open and it has clearly just been emptied because its lids are flipped back and it is crooked in its spot. “We should trash those dead drone bodies.”
“They are packed in there...” Stevo considers.
“Best to get rid of ‘em out here than when we get back.”
“It’ll leave a clue to our direction.”
“Like they’ll scour the landfills of Nevada?”
“We shoulda dumped ‘em right off, before we left.”
“Nothing for it. Better now than later.”
They find that the flattened disks evenly cover the dumpster’s bottom.
“Soon as trash gets dropped in, nobody will ever see `em,” Devin says.
Stevo flips the lids over and they make loud satisfying bangs. The noise doesn’t matter because the rest stop is still empty, and it’s funny to watch his friend duck and nervously glance around.
Back on the road, Stevo says, “Next stop, your girlfriend’s town.”
Girlfriend? It takes a few seconds for Devin to figure out what he means. “Tacy just served us burgers and stuff.”
“Ah. You know her name.”
“She gave me extra fries.”
“So there’s nothing between you two?” Stevo mocks being serious, slightly shocked.
Out of self-defense, Devin picks up the joke, “Nothing at all. I only saw her once, officer. Honest.”
“So you don’t mind if I make a play.”
“Not at all,” Devin leans over, “If you don’t mind getting hurt.”
“By you?”
“By us,” Devin is smug, “My lady and I.” In spite of the joke, he likes the sound of it.
~ ~~ ~~~ ~~ ~
The day had started out badly.
First, the new girl’s drawer hadn’t totaled so in the middle of a rush she had to show her what to do about that, then of course Tacy discovers that the auto-chef hadn’t been serviced and that the coolers were out of all the popular drinks so she has to hustle and do damage control during the lulls.
Then of course the graveyard guy Danny Dango, who everybody calls Dangle, just doesn’t show up. She texts him, and gets back a thin nonsensical excuse. It’s hopeless to try calling Lenny the Nephew, the ‘Manager.’
Tacy resigns herself to doing a double, and ‘chain-smokes’ her workday, lighting the new shift from the old one.
At least it gets quiet at night. After the numbed travelers and obnoxious locals clear out to wherever people go at three o’clock on a Sunday morning, she’s left to her thoughts in the middle of nowhere, mopping the floor.
Nowhere is the theme. She’s about had it with ‘Nowhere, Nevada.’ Her life is a broken record and it’s getting more chipped all the time. The people are awful, at least the people she knows, the high desert is oppressive, local culture consists of a barbecue followed by a prairie dog shoot (she thinks they should do the shoot first, ‘so the meat would be fresher’), and without a future, nothing seems worth her time.
This has been going around and around in her head for a while and tonight is no different.
But it could be.
“I should just drop the hammer on my life,” Tacy says to the fluorescent that always starts buzzing at this time of night.
So what if she’s always one or two steps ahead of everybody else. All it does is piss people off. She could stay down at everybody else’s level, but every time she sets the bar low, people show that it should be set lower.
What can she do? She doesn’t have enough money saved in her ‘college fund’ even for gas money, and she can’t afford to just move there, or anywhere. Sometimes, she can’t even afford to keep up with bills. The internet sucks, so she can’t even take online classes.
She leaves the box of tiny knock-off brand chips bags in the middle of the aisle and just sits at the counter, staring out at the stained concrete with its battered-dull gas pumps.
In the movies (disc or cable. streaming is hopeless), the girl gets empowered somehow and conquers all, but it often involves a makeover or something, where they cut and style her hair. Tacy smirks into the chill dead of four a.m. in the morning.
On a whim, instead of going back to stocking she strides into the bathroom and looks in the mirror. She really takes a look at herself. Her features are round, round, round, with shiny head above what her Mama always called ‘sunset eyes.’ She’s got puffy round cheeks that balance the round knob of her chin. She’s got a nice bod, no worries there, but her bald head... I need a head transplant. She’d want to keep her brain, though. She likes herself except for all the roundness.
Hey! She’s got a comb-over! A dang Comb-over. How long has that been going on?
The few wispy hairs are almost invisible, but still, it’s disgusting because she only now sees it.
Obviously, she’s been ignoring herself.
This is easily solved. She grabs one of the high-priced cheap disposable razors and pops its pack before her inner censor has time to think things through.
It’s not easy. The fine little random hairs are too long for the razor to get a bite, but she manages. She has to guess about the back. Then after she nicks herself the second time she finally foams things up and it gets easier.
When she’s done her image looks as it should, except for the wet neckline of her shirt. She streams the song Almost Cut My Hair by Crosby, Stills, Nash, and Young on the store’s speakers, turned up loud, and fills the junk food display with mini-bags. The first person of the new morning is out at the pumps and she makes coffee and sets up three more baskets ready to go.
I should find out how the Blue Man Group does their makeup. They do nightly shows only a few hours away. It’s probably done with latex and would be way worse than wearing a wig, and she only wears one of those when she absolutely has to. I could get myself dyed blue so it would last... Ha ha. And then wear a Smurf hat.
She makes sure all the sugary stuff is overfull. In two hours it’ll need restocking again.
If she hit the jackpot she could just get herself covered in tattoos... The illustrated woman. It could be stunning. She’s dreamed of this many times.
She eyes the two franchise slot machines that almost nobody tries. They probably only have a few dollars inside for a payoff. She does NOT feel lucky tonight... or it’s today now. Ugh... I’m slaphappy.
Half hour to go, and she has to come back tonight.
Then Lenny the Nephew comes in. Early on Sunday? That can’t be good...
Between Lenny the Nephew’s obnoxious stop-by’s and his Uncle the Owner’s infrequent visits, her cash-out is never right. Then they complain about her at her ‘evaluations,’ using it as a reason to deny raises. She suddenly realizes why the new girl’s cash drawer was so far off.
Lenny the Nephew has obviously been carousing all night. He’s bleary and not his usual rude self. It’s hard to imagine anyone willingly hanging out with him, but there’s makeup smeared on his collar.
“Just checkin’ up on yuh,” he says, “That Dangle. I don’t know what to do with him.”
How about fire his ass? “Don’t short my drawer,” Tacy says.
While she’s in the back prepping the breakfast burritos and getting the auto-chef warmed up, Tacy hears the soft click of the cash drawer carefully being closed. It’s the only thing that Lenny the Nephew does carefully. She’s been listening for it, and instead of being pissed at one more shorted total, she’s relieved because the next thing she hears is the door tone of his exit. She’ll write out a ‘withdraw’ slip for anything missing and sign his name to it. If it’s over twenty, she’ll add in a little for herself too.
She always thinks that, and never does it.
Then Mariposa is there, early as usual, solicitous as always, and she’s the bright spot in the morning. With a soft smile she hands Tacy a crisp but oil-stained paper bag. The hand-made tamales. Things are looking up. Maybe it will all work out.
But then the bad day reasserts itself. Her car won’t start. It’s sluggishness has escalated to out-and-out refusal. Figures.
Lenny the Nephew says it needs a new battery, her Mom’s boyfriend says it’s got a dirty cable or glazed belt, but her car says, “Gimme a break. Let me go... let me go. Let. Me. Guhooo...” It burns so much oil, it would save the planet just to send it to the boneyard.
But she needs it right now. Or a miracle.

~ ~~ ~~~ ~~ ~

Ah, Tacy. There’s a future for that girl. And what a future it is. Not only do UAVs have their own airspace but AI cars are out there giving people a chance to create new problems. And the story is coming together. While Stevo and Devin settle into the drive the Club remains a Schrödinger’s box, and ahead of them Tacy is unsettled. Obviously, they’ll all be meeting up with each other.
13~ Letdown 
The night is not kind to Stevo and Devin. Stevo grumpily insists on driving through the night, but then almost right away fades and struggles. Devin throws wrappers at him, trying to get the crinkly balls to bounce back for another throw, and Stevo tries the radio yet one more time, only getting a canned country western station for a little while.
When they get to the next exit that has buildings with lights showing, he takes it.
“I gotta crash,” Stevo says, and Devin nods agreement.
The thick dark sleepy man who answers the motel’s night bell stops registering them as soon as Devin says, “We’ll pay cash,” like he’d seen on the shows.
“Off the books is twenty bucks extra.” He eyes them, calculating the risk.
Stevo flashes the cash, another hundred, “Got change?” Using physical money now seems like a hazard.
The man takes the bill and holds it up to the light, runs a counterfeit pen across it, and disappears into the back.
“Well, we’ll never see that again,” Stevo jokes.
Devin doesn’t know if he means the man’s actions or the money.
Fortunately the man comes back, gives them their change, and passes over a key. “You trash the room, I’ll come get’cha.” No more needs to be said.
Apparently, mid-desert stopover motels never get maintenance once they are built. The dank mustiness pushes around them and Devin shrinks back, but that ends up being the least of their problems. The shower is pathetic and it’s best to not look at the tile. The mute button on the TV remote doesn’t work, the button for changing the channel barely does, and when Devin rolls back the threadbare bedspread and yellowed sheet on his side of the bed, the mattress is both too soft and lumpily hard.
Still, it feels good to have landed somewhere, but they sleep uneasily and wake early, which is just as well.
“We should get going,” Stevo mutters as if in defeat, and sits on the edge of the bed with the predawn gloom coming through the wide gap in the curtains.
“We shoulda stuck on a fake plate,” is the first thing Devin says.
“You think that guy bothered to go outside to write down our license number? Did you see this place? I bet he hasn’t bothered to check anything in weeks.”
“You mean months.”
“Exactly.” The griping helps Stevo wake up. “Think the shower finally finished draining?”
“I’m not lookin’.”
“Let’s get out of here.” Daylight’s burning.
They open the door, and the Sun is just starting to peek up from the horizon.
It takes three tries for Devin to climb up into his balcony seat. Stevo checks their cargo by making sure the side and rear doors are still locked. The van thrums to life unevenly, then settles out, and they leave without seeing another soul around.
“Breakfast?” Devin hands over a deli drumstick and starts gnawing on a wing, but isn’t hungry.
“We’re almost there.” Stevo almost drops a hunk of meat onto his lap but slurps it in just in time. They both know where he means. The place where Tacy works.
“We drove a long time last night.”
“Shoulda kept going. That motel sucked.”
“You were dead, man. Had to stop.”
“Still feel dead.” Stevo chugs the last of the Orange Drink Beverage and slam dunks the stocky bottle into the tiny strip of floor in front of Devin, who helpfully lifts his feet just in time so it bounces noisily down into the step well. “Try the phone again.”
Devin sourly pulls the thing out of the under-dash shelf and holds it up in different directions, getting just a momentary blip of a bar. What a F-ing waste. He spins it back next to the paper maps.
“It’ll be a good spare,” Stevo offers, thinking about his aunt’s barn. Gotta keep that place way out of the picture. When they’re out there they should just use the burner phone. We need to stock the RV up with supplies too.
“If it works, once we’re back in civilization.”
The exit comes up, “That’s it, right?”
“Yeah...” Devin doesn’t realize that he’s sitting forward in his seat, pushing against the not-quite-tight seatbelt, and Stevo doesn’t point this out.
They pull into the truck plaza near the highway and park off behind some idling tractor-trailers so they can do the license plate thing. On the way out it was the first place they had stopped to look for a pay-per-call phone, but they were sold out, and the place looks just as busy as it had then.
Stevo calls out to Devin, “Use the ones with the bigger velcro. Stick ‘em on real good.”
“And we just leave ‘em on,” Devin confirms. They’ve already talked about this.
“Yep. Till we get close,” to the barn.
Then they drive past the second place they had looked, a bright yet empty car plaza, and turn into the next one, where Tacy had told them the phones were crap.
They go in and Stevo smiles and nods to the Hispanic lady’s friendly greeting. Tacy isn’t there, and when he notices the look on Devin’s face he makes sure to remember it so he can have fun over it later. They head to the tables in the back and almost sit, but then Stevo goes to the side for a cup of coffee, which seems like a good idea to Devin, too.
I feel like a grownup, Devin winces at himself. It’ an embarrassing thought. He’s normally just a child to his father, but now here he is, on a road trip and being a criminal, and also a vigilante, and now drinking coffee in a cafe! He pours in extra creamer.
She’s not there, and it’s just as well, a relief actually, and it’s simpler if he never sees her again. Way easier.
When they order breakfast burritos, Mariposa successfully up-sells them to platters, and since they seem like nice boys she’s tempted to add in a couple of fresh tamales from last night’s wrapping circle.
Stevo and Devin sit, too dull to talk, but they perk up instantly when the Hispanic lady brings them their food.
She’s taken the burritos from the microwave, the rice, beans, and salsa from the auto-chef, and with some chopped lettuce from the dispenser, has arranged it all on the pressed-paper trays around still-warm tamales that were made with her abuela’s special recipe. It gives her a perverse pleasure to know that the gueritos won’t realize how special this is.
After the first bite Stevo declares to his plate “Oh... man, this is so good,” and then up to the ceiling, “So much better than that burger last time.”
Devin thinks of countering with, That was a great burger, but it would show his hand. He remembers the juiciness and crunchy lettuce. And those fries, sprinkled with chili powder or something. She was so nice, knowing he wanted extra ketchup. Where is she? And she was smart, like she knew what to say before it was time to say it.
“Hey, lo-over,” Stevo croons, “Look.”
Devin follows his friend’s gaze, and There she is.
Stevo whispers, “She’s cute now.”
“She was cute before.”
And she looks mad, and tired, and otherwise different but good.
“It’s the battery or the belt or the cable,” they hear Tacy saying to the Hispanic lady, “I think it’s time to call Hospice on it.”
Mariposa nods sympathetically.
Devin listens carefully and forces himself to not gawk.
“Uh, Dev, you’re missing your plate,” Stevo says helpfully when his friend drops food in his lap without noticing. The day is looking better. This will give them something to talk about for the rest of the trip. At least for me.
“I don’t know what I’m going to do with that car... Your cousin still have that one?”
“Ah, yes,” Mariposa answers, not remembering which one poor Tacy means. But it doesn’t matter. Juanito always has a few good cars. She’ll talk to him.
“She’s stuck, little buddy,” Stevo turns helpful, “We should give her a ride.” Things would get funnier, but actually the girl seems pretty cool. It would be a ‘slice of life’ to help her out.
He gets a glare from his ‘little buddy’ and digs back in to his food. Devin plods through his, trying to stay cool.
This coolness gets shaken when Tacy stomps past them to the kitchen, then comes out and plops down in the corner booth, gnawing on a bare burrito that looks like it’s still frozen.
She’s lost in her thoughts.
Stevo catches Devin’s eye and waves his eyebrows, Talk to her.
Devin replies with a shadow of a head shake, Nope not gonna do it.
She sits mere feet away, fuming less, chewing more.
“Hey, ah...” Stevo turns to her, “Your car? We kinda overheard about it? Sucks.”
“Yeah, I’d feel sorry for it,” she deadpans, “but it should of died it in my driveway, not here.” She brightens, “Probably easier to bury it here, though. I’ll give it a good burial.”
“Need a ride? We’re almost done...” Stevo forgets to notice and memorize Devin’s acute discomfort, but he can still tease him about it later.
Tacy would normally beg off, but she takes a closer look at Stevo, then Devin. “Hey, you guys were in here yesterday. You’re stuck here, too?”
“Naw, coming back the other way.”
“Quick trip.”
The boys don’t want to say more, especially Devin.
“We’ll give you a ride,” Stevo says, Looks like you need it. Then he figures out what’s different. She doesn’t have wisps of ghost hair anymore. It looks better. Kinda normal, which in itself is strange since she’s bald.
“Yeah,” Devin croaks, then clears his throat. “You need a ride.” You look beat. He had immediately noticed her perfect scalp, and now lets himself take a closer look at her. She’s got a nice face, even when she’s tired and pissed off. Her eyes are grey, and irrationally he wonders if she can make them change color.
She blows out a breath, What could I possibly have to lose? “Yeah. Sure. Thanks, that’d be great,” and returns to gnawing on her burrito. “Take your time and finish up,” she chuckles, “I’m not going anywhere.” She spots the tamale husks they’ve set aside and a little laugh escapes her. “That Mariposa does a great platter, doesn’t she?” The woman is a modern-day San Pasqual, just like her family says. I’m gonna miss her.
This thought surprises Tacy. She’s finally decided to leave town.
Devin goes with Tacy to get her things out of her car, and like any a good wingman, Stevo gives them some space. “Gonna go top off the van’s tank.”
Mariposa doesn’t make him prepay.
Tacy’s little car is earth-toned, and clearly getting more earthy by the minute.
“Poor thing,” she mutters,  and takes a cheap duffel from the trunk, quickly and neatly packs everything from the back seat into it, then some things from the front, and when she takes a fat envelope out of the glove box the door refuses to latch. After a brief struggle she lets it hang down.
“Looks like it was a good car,” Devin says lamely.
“Emphasis on was,” Tacy is thoughtful, “But, yeah. It was a good car.”
“It can be fixed...”
“Probably. Be kinda cruel, though. All things must pass.” She grabs her pack from the passenger floor, stuffs something into it from under the driver’s seat, and when she swings the driver’s door shut it groans and resists latching. “I know just how you feel,” she tells it.
Then she turns, brightens, and is done. “Where you guys going again?”
He tells her and she makes a face but smiles, first thinking, Typical, but then, “It could be nice.” It’s anywhere but here.
When they reach the front of the store Tacy drops her bags by Devin, “Hang on,” and runs inside to tell Mariposa something. They hug and kiss cheeks, then she trots back out, ready to go.
Stevo has kept himself busy by detailing all the front glass. Checking the oil with the four-foot-long dipstick only took a couple of minutes. Tacy starts for the side door but Devin heads her off, with the heavy duffel almost swinging him off balance, and he opens the passenger door for her.
“Shotgun?” She’s uncertain for once.
“We’re both shotgun,” Devin says, and adds, “You can take the seat and I’ll sit in the middle on your bag.” They both look inside, and she instantly figures it out.
“Sounds good,” she chirps while tossing in her pack. She grabs and tosses in the duffel, and in one motion jumps up and inside to the middle, then fluffs up her bags and sits down, straddling the engine cover. She turns to Devin expectantly.
Devin gets inside, settles and cinches up, still in a daze.
Stevo gets in, “Hey, this is cozy, we’re gettin’ the most out of this puppy.” He drives them away with snap, showing off for Tacy. “Where to?”
That is the question... She licks her lips, As far as you’re going? “Can we just get out of here?”
Stevo attends to his driving but slows.
“Can I go out west with you?” Suddenly she’s timid. “Like, right now?”
They all look at each other, curious and interested, then Stevo guns it, “Sounds good to me.”
With the three of them packed together, the interstate going by underneath seems far away.
Tacy looks through the top gap in the plywood when she shifts around, “What’cha got back there?” Her butt is numb and getting flat and she’s making a recliner shape against Devin’s seat so she can stretch her legs out against Stevo’s. “Movie props?”
“Comic-Con,” “Helping a friend move,” Devin and Stevo say simultaneously.
She rubbernecks between them, “Okay... Don’t tell me,” and does an impressive impression of a sitcom star, “I don’ care. Really. No skin offa me...”
Their laughter fills the small space.
“So where are you going?” Stevo looks over at her, a little distracted by Devin perking up at the question.
“Well, that’s complicated...” but she immediately amends it to, “No. It’s really simple. The place sucks, I’m so done with it, and...” her eyes burn, “I’ve gone nowhere long enough.” I can’t die there like my car.
“S-so wh-what you gonna do?” sputters out of Devin.
She looks up over her shoulder at him, “That, I’m gonna find out.”
They’re all quiet with this, then Tacy tells a little of herself.
She gives them spotty memories of living in a city, going to schools she hated, then the big wide adventure of her family moving west, followed by the ‘reality therapy’ of finding out how people are the same everywhere. She runs through a few good stories of life in Nevada and effortlessly edits out everything related to hair, the lack of it, and how people always are about it.
Then she dozes away and Devin wonders what it would be like to stay up all night, at a job.

~ ~~ ~~~ ~~ ~

Can you imagine being that free? That desperate with nothing to lose? Tacy has clearly been through a lot already, and it’s interesting that all she takes with her are the things that were in her car. She was already ready.  Stevo and Devin easily go with it because this is no weirder than anything else that’s been happening, not much farther into the fringes than they’re already headed. There’s no question that she’s safe with them. In the Drone Club series, evil is farther upstream with the bigger fish. As this develops, Tacy shows that she can more than hold her own.
14~ Disclosure 
Tacy says, “You got a burner phone,” when she sees Devin holding it up to the windshield, then the side window. “They suck, don’t they?” She takes it from him, their arms brushing, “At least out here they do.”
With knees braced against the engine cover, she lifts up and holds it flat against the ceiling, lined up with the roofline. “Gotta give it a little help,” she explains, “Use the roof to give it a boost. Be better if it was on top of the roof...”
“We have been tempted to put it outside,” Stevo interjects.
“....But this works too. Cool. Two bars. No. One. And back to two. Got its bubble pack? It wants the numbers from the scratch-off.”
After the phone is initialized, she slides it over to Devin, still flat and up near the ceiling. “Try that. Don’t wave it around and you might keep the signal.”
“You’ve done this before,” Devin says, having to stretch to keep it up near the roof. “Will it keep the connection if I lower it down a little?”
“Maybe,” she sounds doubtful.
He tries it. “So far, so... Oh, crap. Lost it.”
“Here,” she takes it from him, “I’ll be your assistant. I’ve done this so many times...” she stretches back up, “You’ve got a great roof for it. Nice and big... There! It’s back. Doing a text? Give me the number.”
They let her type in the message, but when Stevo and Devin start going back and forth trying to decide what to say, she lowers the phone, “Guys...”
Stevo states his version of the text, “On BRNR. Doing good and almost done. Tell all we’re back soon.” He gets a nod from his buddy and Tacy gets busy keying the message into the awkwardly classic phone, then lifts it up again.
“Damn. You mother... Can’t get a signal.” She holds the phone a little differently, more centered, then lowers it, rolling her neck with a sigh after setting it on the engine cover tray. “Got it writ, but no connection. Right when I was going to send.” She reminds Devin of a sports fan recounting a play. “Oh well, it’ll go when we reach civilization.”
When they are settled again, Tacy keeps looking calmly ahead, “You know that I know you’re both full of it, right?”
“But harmless,” Stevo suggests.
“Me too,” she agrees.
An exit sign has fast food logos below it. “Anybody else starving?”
“I’m hungry to get out of here for a few minutes.”
They choose a sandwich franchise because she tells them, “We can get extras and save half for later. That fried crap just gets slippery.”
“I like slippery,” kids Stevo.
“That’s because you’re a boy,” she schoolmarms back.
“I like subs,” chips in Devin.
“That’s because you’re a...” Stevo lets it dangle to play with his friend’s embarrassment, then lets him off the hook, “....nerd.”
“You’re both nerds,” she says.
She gets them to sit outside to eat, and the winter sun feels good.
As they approach the van, Tacy states flatly, “Show me. I want to see them.” Whatever they are. She still has no idea what’s going on and didn’t get a useful look through the top gap of the wall, but to bluff them she acts like she already knows.
“Okay,” Stevo shrugs.
That was easy.
But the stack of drones doesn’t mean anything to her until Stevo lifts one out. In his excitement, he’s oblivious to her surprise. Devin is watching though, and is impressed at how quickly she figures it out.
“Wow. Who owns these?”
Uncomfortable silence.
“Where’d you get them?”
Silence, still uncomfortable.
“So, it’s a... Long Story, is it?” She’s thoughtful and they leave it at that so they can get going. She watches Devin make sure that Stevo re-locks the rear doors.
After they drive for a few minutes she sing-songs, “Tell me a story,” then gives it an edge, “How about a Long Story,” and thumps her foot on the side of Stevo’s seat, who then glances over to Devin. 
He frets, Oh crap she’s gonna hate us, then sucks in a breath when Tacy turns around in her nest, facing his way. “So, our school? High school. We’re almost done...”
“Better than me,” she makes a point of relaxing so he will. She stretches her legs under the jump seat and leans back against Stevo’s, making herself the perfect audience.
“We’re in this drone club? This giant company gives schools stuff so you can learn how to fly drones. In the air.”
“Cool. Realtime? You got workstations or consoles? Buddy up with a Sensor or just run Operators?” She pauses with more questions on her lips.
This stops Devin. She knows drones? What next?
“You know this shit?” Stevo glances down at her, but then needs to watch the uneven road. Semi tires have worn depressions in the pavement and the van doesn’t like them.
“I read stuff...” She’s nonchalant and tilts her head behind them, “Not much else to do back there.” A happy chill washes over her when she realizes, It’s the past. And now she’s in the future.
Devin continues, “Well, we found out our sponsor, Unifly International, was tricking everybody. We thought it was a Game Club, that’s the official name, and that we were just flying drone simulators.”
“The most excellent simulators,” Stevo chimes in, “Beyond the best.”
“But... stuff happened. And we figured out they were real flights. And we found out how bad the company really was. We’d fly for free while they charged their customers and the school big bucks, and they’d sell the same flight to anybody who would pay,” he’s now forgotten his nervousness with her, “They’d have us follow people, and some of them were bad, but then we’d help trap them, or at least record lots of dirt on them.”
“For dictators, political groups, and shell corps,” adds Stevo, “All at the same time.”
“They’d have students do hits?”
“Not anymore,” Devin says firmly.
“So you guys called in strikes...”
Devin blinks. How can she catch on that fast?
“....and now you’re acting out, pushing back.” She eyes the weathered tatter of the plywood wall. Is that a candy wrapper stuck in there?
“Well, kinda.”
“So you stole some of their ships. What’d you do, fly ‘em into a storage unit?” She’s inspired, “How can you possibly get away with it?” She’s dripping with admiration.
“We built better bullshit,” Devin says, surprised at himself for repeating a Matt-ism.
“And our Club is dazzling them with fake footwork,” Stevo adds.
“And now you’re branching out. Well, this has turned into an interesting trip.” Tacy straightens around and gazes ahead. “How far have we gone so far?”
The road is noisy and makes the van weave back and forth, reminding her of when she drove through the mountains somewhere... New Mexico? Colorado? The pavement had been grooved and it made her little car weave like this, freaking her out. She’d had to relax with it and the car had soldiered on, poor thing, and it was fine.
Huh. She realizes, Its name is now Poor Thing. Originally it was Gerty, but no more. Will she ever drive it again? May it rest in peace.
The sun is now in their eyes.
“Let’s stop at the next place with a restaurant,” she says, “I’m buying.”
“Shouldn’t you be broke? You just skipped out.”
“Actually, I’m still gainfully employed. I haven’t quit yet. If you geniuses had teleportation – You don’t, do you? – then I could be at work... in about an hour. Which reminds me.”
She digs out her phone, and while they talk, sends a quick text to Dangle, “You’re up. You are working for me tonight,” and one to her boss, “Have family emergency, Dangle working for me tonight,” and to her Mom, “Found my own place. Be in touch,” and to her best friend, Mace-Face, “U don’t have 2 hear me whine anymore! Finally outta there. More later. ;-}”
Stevo looks her way and lets the van weave, “This thing we’re doing? It’s off the books.”
“How many books?” She doesn’t look up from her screen.
“Pretty much all of them.”
“Well, onward to an undisclosed location then,” she’s tempted to send that to Mace-Face.
“It’s a barn,” Devin says. Is this freaking her out? She doesn’t even know where we’re going!
He starts to tell her, but she looks up and cuts him off, “Don’t spoil the fun. Let it be mysterious.”
He shifts topics, “You really left with just two bags?”
“You were there. You helped. Thanks, by the way.”
Stevo tries to wrap his head around this. “All on the spur of the moment.”
“Life’s been sucking for some time.”
“Are you gonna go back? Someday?”
She lowers her phone, These boys are so innocent. It makes her smile. “Let’s not think too far into the future.”
“Yeah,” sighs Stevo, “Wouldn’t want to get it over with all at once.”
Right when they can hardly stand the highway monotony anymore, Stevo calls out, “There’s stuff.”
“We have stuff!” Tacy fake yells and assumes a ‘lookout’ position over the engine cover.
Devin shifts in his seat and discovers that his seatbelt was off and... the door was unlocked! He could have fallen out! Better watch my case, he chides himself. She’s so distracting, but that’s okay.
Tacy sits to the side after they see three signs for places to eat and opens her duffel. Under Devin’s watchful eye she lifts and pushes apart a section of neatly folded clothing, telling him, “Don’t get to do this very often,” and slides out a shirt and pants folded into a little packet with a matching scarf.
“I’ve got to get out of these clothes,” she explains. She’s still wearing her generic convenience store smock, complete with name tag. “It’s been an entire day, twenty four, well, twenty two and twelve minutes.” Devin notes that she hasn’t looked at a clock. “Don’t know whether to burn this or mail it back to Lenny the Nephew unwashed.”
“Wouldn’t that be a turn-on?” pops out of Stevo’s mouth uncensored.
She’s thoughtful, “True. I should burn it then,” and leans forward, “Hey Stevo, stop at that truck plaza? Could be good food, and they’ll have a nice bathroom. You guys can get us started while I freshen up.” Wow. I don’t get to say that very often...
“You bet. It’ll give us time to chill.”
“Or to ditch me,” she teases.
“Are you kidding?” Stevo mock reacts. “You’re more one of us than we are.”
“Yeah,” Devin agrees, “You’ll end up being our Club’s president. We gotta be nice to you.”
She smiles and nods, That would be just fine.
While she goes to ‘freshen up,’ the boys choose a booth, order refreshments, and are able to talk freely.
“What have we got here? She’s a fireball. And she’s nuts.”
“You heard us trying to explain ourselves? We’re the crazy ones.”
“Yeah. She’s just good at catching on and going with it.”
“I think she’s been ahead of us the whole time.”
“She doesn’t know about the crates.”
“We don’t either, really. Can’t wait to open `em up.”
“Two consoles, man. Betcha anything that’s what we got.”
She finds them quickly but then almost has to give Stevo a dope slap before the boys notice that it’s her standing there.
“Holy crap,” escapes out of Devin.
“It’s the ‘clean-up-well’ thing,” Stevo says, “Well done.”
“And this is me,” she tour guides herself, curtsying with a swish, “When I’m with people,” she beams a smile at an imaginary crowd, “I go all out.”
“That hat...”
“It’s a scarf, really.”
“....is so great. How did you do that?”
“It’s the hijab that isn’t a hijab.”
“So you’re...”
“No. Not that there’s anything wrong with that. This is just a good way of folding it.”
Stevo’s eye is caught by her wide pleated pants. They look black but show bands of sparkly colors when she moves. Great effect. She sees him looking and he becomes self-conscious.
She parodies being affronted, “Hey! Eyes up here, not down my skirt.”
“I’m not looking down your skirt,” he claims, “You’re not even...” Then he realizes he’s being pranked. Good one. She got me to freak over something that doesn’t even make sense.
Devin has missed the joke, “But you’re not wearing a skirt.”
She dimples, “Thanks for noticing,” then juts her chin, “Move over.”
Tacy gets out her phone and turns herself into a waitress while she brings up the restaurant’s order system, “You guys know what you want?”
“World peace?”
“Whirled peas.”
“I’ll order for you.” She busies herself.
When their plates are delivered the boys get tasty burgers, Cajun for Stevo and mushroom Swiss for Devin, along with an extra order of fries, and she has a giant salad that Marisa would drool over.
The TVs that stick down from the truck stop’s ceiling have all been streaming cable news, and when the three are on their way out the screens start showing popular drone videos from the Club, which the boys try to ignore. Then a promo for Phillip’s upcoming interview comes on, and at seeing his face they stop in their tracks. Tacy watches their conversation like she’s at a tennis match.
“Will you look at that.”
“Wish we could hear the sound better.”
“Looks like things are working out. Phillip came through.”
“We gotta get back.”
“We’re approved ‘till Wednesday.”
“We don’t have to take that long. Phillip’s giving an interview!”
Devin remembers she’s there and sputters to her, “That’s us!”
“That’s you guys?”
“Well, the Club. We’ve been gettin’ the buzz going before we lower the boom.”
“Get the people behind you first. Smart move. And you think I’ll be your leader?”
“Uh, president?”
“Honorary.”
“And I thought I was keeping up,” she mutters while they watch more drone clips go by. The last one shows a selfie montage of Stevo and Devin’s flowing knot. She gushes, “Oh I love that one.”
She’s captivated by the way the separate images and videos have been combined and doesn’t hear Devin say, “That’s us.”
It sinks in when Stevo says, “It was our third-best effort, all programmed by Devin.”
“Both of us,” his friend corrects.
“That’s you?” Did she shout? The whole store goes silent and several people are openly staring at them while the news moves on to juicier stuff.
“That’s you,” she repeats, quietly, “Stevo and Devin are the drone stars. I love those videos.”
When they get outside she’s free to be loud, “You guys are geniuses!!” and when they’re almost to the van she says, “I’m not even close to figuring you guys out, am I?”
“You’re getting closer,” admits Stevo.
Devin adds, “We just got a lot going on right now.” He’s flushed with her praise.
They drive on, and the muffled roar of the van helps them stay lost in their thoughts.
She starts checking out Devin, finding him even more interesting. He seems timid but does bold things. And his white hair... is almost like no hair.
After a while Stevo leans back and does a neck roll, loosening up his shoulders.
“Want me to take over for a while?”
“You’ve been up for twenty four hours.”
“Twenty seven and thirty two minutes but who’s counting. I had a nap... I think. Didn’t I? I can drive...” I need to stop saying that time thing out loud, she chides herself. At least she isn’t adding in the seconds anymore.

~ ~~ ~~~ ~~ ~

Tacy is taking over, but who would mind? I did say that I really like her character, didn’t I? I’m NOT playing favorites (even if I am). And her baldness? It’s based on someone I met during one of my own road trips. In this story, it’s a play on how physical attributes are irrelevant to who a person really is. Personality and intention are what’s important, and stuff like hair are just minor details... Feel free to expand this principle to all the other biases you come across.
15~ Enchantment 
She glances down at Stevo, then quickly back to her driving because it’s hard to feel where the big vehicle is on the road. Otherwise, it’s really fun. Nice power, good mirrors, interesting scenery. And to make it possible, the seat adjusts really far forward.
Devin dozes, leaning against the door post with his feet up on the engine cover. Stevo uses her bags for a pillow, with his feet dangling into the passenger’s step well under Devin. They’re so cute when they’re asleep.
She gazes around, checks her mirrors, then the white lines take over and put her into The Zone. Mace-Face calls it the Dead Zone, but Tacy prefers Head Zone. They don’t put her to sleep, just into meditation. Rumination.
So. Rich urban kids are flying commercial drones all over the world, and It drove them crazy when they found out it was real.
She glances at the sleeping boys. And these guys? Thieves and artists. Artistic thieves. It’s hard to believe yet believable. They are what Mace-Face says about her. ‘Believably implausible.’ Huh. They’re just like me.
But maybe not. She goes through the things they’ve said, simplifies it down.
They’re rebels with a cause, unlike her. I’ve just been drifting. The boys and their friends are stepping up. It’s something I better get busy doing... But wait. She is stepping up, by stepping out. And it’s about time.
She’s gotten the feel of the van now, and looks around. There are hills and trees and plants and things. It’s so cool. She should have left that deadwood town a long time ago.
“Hey sleepers,” she calls out, “We’re almost there,” then to herself, “Wherever there is.” She knows that the change in road noise has already stirred them, but it’s more fun to do the ‘Rise and Shine’ bit. “It’s time for a local to take over.”
Stevo sits up, has a hard time fitting his lanky frame into the narrow space, finally kneels and straddles the engine cover. He slides Tacy’s duffel under his butt like he’d seen her do, and glances at her to make sure it’s okay. It’s surprisingly heavy and firm. Packed to the max, but she’d had an easy time lifting out nice clothes from it. It’s her kit.
When Matt had been on a ‘Go-Bag’ kick he had insisted that nobody cool ever called them ‘Bug-Out bags.’ Naturally all his friends started inserting the term ‘bug-out’ into everything they said, just to ‘bug-out’ him, and after that Matt switched to saying ‘the kit’ because it was less teaseable. 
She’s living out of her kit. No wonder she jumped in with us so fast. She was already ‘outta there,’ and had nothing to lose...
Tacy takes an exit, “I’ll pull into that gas station,” then she struggles to turn at the light, “Whoa. This thing’s got armstrong steering,” and has to muscle into it
“Hey, ah... Pull over into that lot?” Stevo points and gives Devin a look, sliding his eyes to the big manila envelope under the paper maps.
“By the hotel?”
“Yeah. Put it off in the corner. By that bush.”
“Uh, we gotta... uh, change out our plates,” Devin says.
“Well, that figures,” she deadpans. “Revolutionaries with hot copters, burner phones, and cash only. This thing’s stolen, isn’t it?” She sounds casual but is tensing. What have I gotten myself into here?
“It’s my Dad’s,” Stevo tries to catch her eye, but she’s too busy maneuvering. “Honest.”
“Okay, I believe you,” she plays up making it sound like she doesn’t.
As soon as they’re stopped Devin hops out and goes to the front plate while Stevo calls out, “Don’t bend it. Gotta keep it.”
Devin’s patience is frayed. “We should throw it away.”
“Far as we know it’s clean. Let’s keep it.”
“It’s really stuck on here.”
Tacy and Stevo get out and stand to shield him from prying eyes.
Stevo says, “Gotta get something under it to wedge the velcro apart. We need a knife or plastic silverware or something...”
*click* “Here,” Tacy steps forward with her always-ready folding knife in her hand. She works the back of the blade under each corner, crackling the velcro apart, then straightens up with the undamaged cardboard, “Ta-da.”
She takes a closer look at it. “Hey, you did a really nice job with this.”
Stevo grabs it and holds it against his body, looking guiltily around, and Devin glances around looking even guiltier.
She smirks at them, They’re devious, but goofy.
At the rear plate she has trouble. The license is recessed into the door and she can’t get her blade under it. “You sure you want to save these?” She’d toss them. Why keep the evidence?
“At least until I can make more.”
“How hard is that?”
“Not too. I got a template set up.”
She yanks off the fake plate and makes a point of folding it in half, printed side inward. “You shouldn’t keep stuff like this.”
Devin hands her the other one and says to Stevo, “See? We should use `em just once.”
Stevo surprises him, “Yeah, that is right. We should ditch that other pair too.”
Tacy squint-eyes them, “How many you got?” These boys...
“Just one more set,” Stevo tilts a shrug, “Like you said, we can make more.”
“That burner’s a good idea.” She frowns, “But this stuff... It’ll get you in trouble.”
“We’re already getting into trouble.”
“Not yet you’re not,” she accuses, then her voice rises to a squeak, “You’re not, are you?”
“No! Not yet...” Stevo looks to Devin, but his friend is scanning the parking lot for witnesses. 
“Not ever,” Tacy tells him, “Unless you get caught doing obvious stuff like this,” she shakes the plates and folds them together.
“Si, el Presidente.”
“That’s ‘la Presidenta.’”
“As you wish,” Stevo bows, reminded of an old kid’s movie.
“That’s ‘como quieras,’” she gives it her best ‘schoolmarm’ haughtiness, making them all laugh.
They get rolling again with Stevo driving, Devin as shotgun, and Tacy looking sharp to figure out where the heck they’re going.
“So it’ll finally get interesting pretty soon?” she says.
“Maybe,” Devin suggests.
“All in how you look at it,” Stevo observes.
Devin had forgotten about the burner phone and checks it. Their text has gotten replies from both Santos and Marcus, both essentially saying, ‘Shit’s happening. Don’t use your real phone.’ Stevo whistles low under his breath when Devin reads both messages out loud.
Tacy says, “Well, you’re on the right track with security and all.” She looks to Stevo then Devin, “Better not let up.” Strangely, the boys don’t seem concerned. She catches Devin’s eye with an unspoken question.
“It could be a good thing,” he tells her.
“But what about here. Now?”
“Oh, we’re still secure,” Stevo drawls, “More so, I think.” He looks to Devin, who nods.
“Well, that’s cool...” Tacy looks straight ahead, “The mystery’s kinda wearin’ thin, though.”
“The short version,” Devin says, “Is that Stevo’s aunt... Myra? She’s perma-outta-town, and her farm is just sitting there.”
Stevo adds, “Great barn, with an RV inside, and a big old empty house.”
“Lotsa trees. Not many cars going by.”
“Well that sounds perfect,” she sighs. Out in the country with trees and plants and stuff sounds good.
“Yeah,” Stevo nods, “I want to live there, after I graduate. My mom kinda knows, but haven’t asked Dad yet.”
“He loaned you his van.”
“It’s a family relic. He was happy it was being driven again.”
“Where you guys supposed to be, anyway?”
“Far as the school knows, Devin here had a family emergency. He was so distraught, I got permission to go along and support my... fragile little friend.” With Stevo’s last emphasis, Devin shakes his head, but then nods.
“That is falsely admirable.”
“And our parents,” Devin stifles a giggle, “They think we’re on a school Senior Trip.”
“Yeah,” Stevo laughs, “Dad liked that the van was being put to good use. We’re hauling our friend’s camping gear. Maybe even extra wheelchairs for the disabled kids. He loves that stuff.” He shrugs, then braces himself and yanks and spins the steering wheel to get them onto his aunt’s county road. “He’s cool, though.”
They make the last turn past the mailboxes, and crawl along.
“There it is,” Stevo briefly points.
“Wow. Great place. Why wouldn’t she want to live here?”
“Ex-husbands and future ones.”
“That barn is huge!” I want to live here!
They roll to the big doors and Stevo lets the van idle. Devin jumps out to keypad the doors open and Stevo calls out the numbers while Tacy hops to the ground and takes a quick circuit of the place.
It’s all green. And smells thick, making her nose feel fuller. The house is a little ominous, but it’s empty. Who wouldn’t look grumpy if left alone? At least there’s no palm trees, no spiny crap, sagebrush, or decorative rocks. She scans around, feeling protected by all the plants. Off in the distance a dog barks six times in sets of two, the last set after a pause. Please oh please, she looks upward, a very rare gesture, This is real, right? And it’ll all work out?
Stevo shuts the engine down, and after he steps out grins at the ground because it feels like it’s still going by under his feet.
After her tour around the house Tacy strides to the barn looking bright and lively. She pauses in the wide doorway for a second to survey the space, and the subdued light coming through the trees dapple her head with the suggestion of a scalp tattoo.
She walks in and spins around, “This place is Huge.” happily repeating herself. “So let’s open the crates. We already know what’s in the van.” She squints through the dim light, “That’s them, right?”
Stevo and Devin look at each other. How does she know about them?
Devin can see Stevo working up a story, so he heads him off. “Let’s do it later? You haven’t even seen the RV yet.”
She’s on the trampled path of straw and barn debris, “Those are big boxes. Where’d you guys...” and stops. “Nope. I don’t want to know yet,” Let’s stretch this out. She comes back, eyes twinkling in the gloom. “I don’t want the surprises to be over with yet.”
“Chillin in the RV sounds good.” Stevo yawns and takes on the look of his father after a long trip. He wants to just sit for a while. But that’s what I’ve been doing for two days.
Tacy follows him to the RV, Devin trailing behind, and as soon as Stevo clicks on the living area’s lights she says, “Yes,” and quickly looks around. “This is cushy. It’s in good shape, too.” She has seen so many RVs passing through, from decrepit to glamorous. This one is old but is hardly used. She tries the faucet. It’s hooked up. “Any food?”
“No, uh, we’ll have to...”
“Here’s stuff.” She’s on her toes, peering into a corner cabinet, and pulls out a few packages and boxes. “Looks kinda old.” She sees some cans in the far back. “But it’s food. It’ll definitely take some cooking,” she turns and takes one look at the boy’s faces, “Don’t worry. I got this one.”
She makes them tea and the boys look at the cups as if they had never seen warm comforting beverages before. Then they sip theirs down so quickly she puts more water on to boil. It’s Red Rose tea. That’s a funny brand.
As Tacy gets a meal started the air becomes thick and moist. Stevo opens the door for a little air, then Devin closes it and opens two opposing windows so bugs won’t get in. They find a news channel on the TV, a less obnoxious one than at the truck plaza’s store, but there’s no Phillip or drone videos.
“What channel were we watching? The one that had Phillip’s promo.” Devin tries to remember back.
“It was that shock-news channel. Maybe it’s over with already? ” Stevo looks down at the remote as if it would give a clue. What they really need is Wi-Fi, which they can’t use.
“It was an ad for one of the networks,” Tacy says over her shoulder while dishing out a Spontaneous Tuna Special, “Cruise the big five.”
“Yeah. They’re the lower numbers.” Devin reaches to grab the remote. “Can we watch more than one channel at a time?”
“I don’t think so.” Stevo holds the control away and goes to channel two. “What channel were we watching last time?” Was it only two days ago? Or was it three.
She hands plates to both boys, “One channel at a time’s good with me,” then gets her own and sits on the couch between them. “Go to channel four, that’s a good place to start.”
She sniffs at her food and pokes it with a fork. Years old, and doesn’t look that bad. The expiration date on the Mac ‘n Cheese boxes had been hilarious. The date code on the cans of tuna were indecipherable, which was just as well. She takes a bite, nods and shrugs, while on either side the boys wolf theirs down. It’s a good thing she had made a double batch.
Stevo flips up through the channels when he has a hand free and at last finds the Guide channel. He lets it scroll with the trailers droning across the top half and gets up for more casserole, taking the remote with him. 
The warm food settles in. At some point Tacy thinks she remembers a boring news show, and she almost wakes when her plate is taken away, then almost wakes again when a cedar-smelling quilt is laid over her.
Snatches of conversation get through as if part of a dream. It’s like what had happened when she had napped in the van while the boys had talked about their ‘booty,’ their ‘prize.’
“I could never do that, stay awake so long.”
“You would if you had to.”
“Glad I don’t.”
“So what about that text?”
“Don’t make sense. Gotta be we’re coming up to it.”
“Got back just in time... But we better hold off on our own thing.”
“Had to anyway. Need the confusion. We stay low, they won’t figure it out.”
“Sucks still having our phones off.”
“We gotta check in with the folks, right? My ma might be freakin’.”
“Yeah, no choice. But which phone...”
“We gotta know what’s going on first. Let’s get that burner.”
“We don’t wanna wake her.”
“Don’t think anything would do that.”
The boys look at Tacy and shrug. She’s sleeping too deeply for anything to bother her.
Stevo texts Santos, “So how are you and the kids?”
He gets back, “Wrong number again, friend. Try tomorrow when your head’s settled out.”
“Well, that seems clear enough.”
“Yep. Mud-vision for one more night.”
“Pretty much describes my brain.”
“So who gets the bed?”
“Beds. It’s an RV, remember. There’s beds all over the place. Look behind those curtains up there.”
“Dibs!”
“You have it. Played ‘ya like a fish. I don’t wanna crawl up there.”
“Good thing. It’s mine.”
“She’s gonna be okay?”
“Look at her. She’s way ahead of us.”
“Yeah. Once again.”

~ ~~ ~~~ ~~ ~

They’re successfully back with their prize. The story will wind down now, right? No way. They haven’t even unpacked yet and they were too flagged-out to get the scoop on the Club. Things are just getting started. What’s in the big boxes? What can they do with their stolen stuff? What about the evil Unifly? These are things that fill their dreams. Amid the dangling questions Tacy might have a real future, but Stevo and Devin haven’t thought that far ahead. While the ugly green van cools its wheels, they have to find out what’s been going on before they can plan what happens next.
16~ Reality 
Monday morning wants to be a sleep-in day, but Tacy is up making tea. She floats two of the stale bags in each cup, hoping to get them as strong as a ‘cuppa Builders,’ and knows that anyone in the UK would cringe at what she’s doing.
She shivers and looks out the RV windows at the subdued daylight from the roof panels. The windows had been left open all night and even though the dusty barn air feels good, being in a colder climate will take some getting used to.
She goes to her pack and gets out a fuzzy hat. When she checks the tea it’s so dark she can’t see the bags in the liquid. That oughta be just about right. She sets out the nasty-looking flavored creamer, the lumpy powdered milk, and the crusted sugar.
“Come on, guys! Time for your morning cuppa tea!”
She gets little response, so goes to the door and starts stepping out, but Burr. She’d expected a nice little morning chill, but it’s cold out there. Outside must be worse. She considers for a moment, then zips open her duffel, separates the right section, and lifts out her ‘slob day’ sweats and as an afterthought slides out a second pair of socks.
Her elbow-bumping in the ‘bath closet’ finally wakes the boys enough so that they are just finishing their hot drinks when she steps out, flipping and folding her wrinkled ‘fancy’ clothes back into a neat flat bundle that she quickly slides into its spot in her Duffel Dresser.
Stevo has settled into his spot in the living area, and from the loft bed spanning the front of the RV Devin is ready for more tea and watches how she makes it.
“Well, this is useless,” Stevo says. He’s been cruising channels and finally concludes that the weekday news has a high priority on silliness. Everything else is too stupid. 
“Daytime tube...” Tacy comments, going to the door again. She looks out, then steps down and Stevo sees her take in a big refreshing breath before the door swings shut and she starts for the corner of the barn.
“Definitely a morning person.”
“Yeah, but it is after ten.”
“I’m just happy the ground stopped feeling like it’s moving. Come down to earth. And while you’re at it, pee for me, will ‘ya?”
“She looks happy to be here.”
“This is a cool place. I could move here.”
“You could?”
“Well, I haven’t asked yet...”
“Yeah...” Devin is thoughtful. “So you think we should just go there?”
“To the Club? Maybe.” But the school would see us. “Let it play out today. Everybody but our friends think we’re still gone.”
“Yeah. I’m having the greatest time of my life and our ‘retreat’ has been very successful.”
“Yep. Mine, too. My Dad’s proud of me.”
Devin feels a pinch of cynicism, so heads it off with, Stop, stop, stop, being firm with himself. Sometimes he says it out loud when he’s alone, when an especially awful urge creeps up on him.
They hear the barn’s big doors crank open. Obviously Tacy has figured out the inside buttons.
“We should motivate.”
Stevo gets up while Devin climbs down.
At the back of the van, Tacy lifts out one of the drones, marveling at its featherweight bulk. It gives way a little bit under her fingers, making it clear that the rubbery-feeling but shiny surface is paper thin with nothing but a little foam underneath. She handles it carefully, examining the six propellers in their streamlined recesses and the camera dome underneath the flat box in the middle. It’s sleek and nicely finished, and all the others neatly stacked in the van are exactly the same.
She carries it inside the barn, This is the coolest thing. With Stevo and Devin the standard for ‘exciting adventure’ keeps getting raised higher and higher. It’s a nice change from having low expectations of people and always having to lower them further.
“We should make a hollow in the bales and hide them in there,” she says when Devin and then Stevo step down from the RV and stand looking at the drone on the floor.
“They’re bigger than we thought they would be,” Devin mutters.
She tilts her head, “You didn’t know what they looked like?” That sounds ridiculous.
“We just flew ‘em,” says Devin.
“Yeah. You don’t see yourself when you fly. You see everything else.”
“They fly in a group, a swarm, so you can get them to look at each other.”
“But they don’t like it,” explains Stevo.
“They don’t like it?” She squats down by the copter and looks for more features to examine.
“In a swarm, all the drones fly together and their highest priority is to not run into things and each other. Even their cameras avoid each other if they can.”
“That’s so they pay attention to their mission,” she concludes.
“Yep. They follow what the Operator tells them to do,” says Stevo, “When you fly, you tell them where to go and what to do... but they figure out how to do it on their own, pretty much.”
“They’re smart?”
“No, not like AIs,” Devin says. He thinks of Marcus herding his fleet of mining trucks from his overhead drone. They all had minds of their own that sometimes drove him crazy.
Stevo adds, “But they can look out for themselves.”
“Ah. Smart but dumb.” She straightens up and looks at them, “Shouldn’t you have shut them off, then?”
“We did,” Devin is casual, “Shutdown sequence was the last thing we programmed in. Then we went and picked them up.”
“Stole them,” she obviously relishes saying it flatly.
She can see that Stevo is working up a response, so skirts back to her last question, “But they’re still on, right? It’s like a car. You turn it off, but it’s not really off. If it sits for a couple of weeks its battery will go dead because it’s just waiting and still using juice. That’s like your phone, too.”
The boys shake their heads.
She sets her mouth, then smiles with her own slow head shake. “Watch it for a second,” she squats down and taps her finger near a small LED that is almost lost in a recess at the top of the control box. After a few seconds it winks red for just an instant. It’s almost too quick to see even though they are looking right at it.
The boys suck in their breaths and look at each other. Stevo wishes Marcus were there with his hardware skills. Devin wishes they weren’t there at all.
“Looks to me like it’s waiting,” she says.
The boys sag down, already stumped and they haven’t even had breakfast yet, or by now, lunch.
She watches the LED for a few minutes. “It’s every thirty seconds, for a quarter of a second.”
“We gotta shut `em off,” Devin’s eyes are big and round, “They’ll track us.”
She smiles, enjoying the look on his face, “If they can, they already have. What’s the range on these things?”
Stevo stumbles out, “Twenty miles?” Then adds, “Uh, but we don’t really know. They sort of handle that themselves, too.”
 “We gotta turn ‘em off,” Devin almost whispers. But how do we do that? He looks to Stevo, “Pull the batteries.”
Stevo lifts up the drone, unsnaps the battery and unplugs its wire. Then he sets it back down and they watch. The LED blinks. “Shit. It’s got an internal battery too.”
Tacy picks up the drone, remembering to be gentle when she holds it, and looks under and around the thing. There are no buttons or openings but the bottom of the central box is ringed with small screw heads that have asterisk-shaped holes. She looks closer at the top of the control box. “Here we are.” She sets it down and presses the almost invisible dimple in the top middle of the box, holding her finger down while she counts to herself, One mother, two mother... and when she gets up to five seconds, the LED flashes three times. She stands and grins while they watch it. The light stays out. “And there we have it.”
Stevo says, “Well, that means we should unpack the van then, doesn’t it.” Nobody mentions the implications of having the copters still ‘on’ ever since they were shut down in the cave. Maybe they were just passively listening for a wakeup signal, he tells himself.
Getting the van turned around and backed into the barn is much easier than last time because Stevo just lines up and does it without bothering with a spotter.
The first thing they do is to pile the parted-out cameras, batteries, and control boxes on the heavy bench along the back wall, and while Stevo and Devin carefully shuttle back the rotors with their delicate blades, Tacy shuts off the boxes. Then when the boys gingerly bring back the hexacopters she shuts off each one and stacks them, marveling at how they naturally nest together.
Finally the van is empty and her finger hurts from holding down all those dimples. She sucks on it hard while she watches Stevo pull down the surprisingly floppy heavy plywood wall and with Devin’s questionable help gets it slid out and propped against the mean-looking farm equipment that crowds the side of the barn opposite the RV.
The empty van is a surprisingly huge space and she gawks at it for a minute.
Stevo puffs out a breath, “Glad that’s over.”
They still don’t mention all those controllers that were merely asleep, but Devin wonders, If we were tracked, wouldn’t it take a while for Unifly to zero in on us and send somebody out? The first thing they’d do is send out a surveillance drone. Maybe a high-altitude plane is over them right now, with infrared watching them this very minute. His breath catches, but then he decides, Nothing for it, and moves on to the next thing, “We need groceries.”
“There’s oatmeal,” Tacy says helpfully, “Bet it has extra protein crawling around in it.” She watches Devin shiver and make a face.
“Yes. Definitely need groceries,” says Stevo. He looks at Tacy, sheepish, “No offense, but you should stay here, right?”
She gets it. “Because I’m too rememberable.”
Stevo looks away. “Well... yeah.”
She smiles a reassuring grin and braces his shoulders with both hands, shaking him a little, “Don’t worry. I know I’m weird,” and releases him, taking in a big breath and blowing it out. “I’m cool with hiding out... As long as you don’t buy crappy food.” She squints at both of them, sizing them up.
This gets a discussion going about food, they talk about what to do for the next day or so, what not to do for the next day or so, and Tacy finds paper and pencil and makes out a shopping list. “Here. At least get these things,” and hands it to Devin.
He’s relieved that there are no ‘girl things’ on the list, but there’s lots of fresh food and things that need to be cooked.
Stevo looks over his shoulder, “I take it you’re a chef.”
“Self-taught and only poisoned a few people. You can add in your junk food, but at least get that stuff?” She tilts her head and plays up her cuteness.
Stevo shrugs at Devin. There’s a pizza place at the shopping center. They’ll bring back a couple of pies, too.
Devin shrugs back. Some of the stuff she wants sounds pretty good.
In the quiet after their leaving, she makes more stale tea and takes the cup out to the front porch of the farmhouse, but it feels cold and exposed, so she finds a nice spot out back that will be in the sun for a while and settles in.
In a few minutes the squirrels stop scolding, the birds start singing again, and distant rural sounds filter through the bushes and trees. It’s all so overgrown. Overly growing. So different from the arid nothing and forced greenery that she’s used to, even though she was never really used to it.
I really did get out of town, she remarks to herself, and this feels like home.
She ambles around and smiles so much that her face starts aching. There’s a few plants that look familiar, but most of them she’s never seen. The front yard was clearly once nice and ordered, and the back is so overgrown that things need to be whacked down. She pushes through the overgrowth behind the barn and sees an obvious garden. It’s very large, very disused. Beyond it is a field of weeds.
She doesn’t want to risk mudding her favorite tennies so she just scouts from the edge. Mace-Face’s mom did a garden until they re-landscaped the back yard and Tacy spots some likely volunteer vegetables even though it’s too early in the season. She sees some kale that she can chop up and sneak into things. I’ll send Devin out to grab some, she grins to herself. He’s pretty cute and she’ll watch, Just to supervise, she giggles.
The ginormous open doors let some nice midday warmth into the barn, but she eyes the stack of drones and then the road off on the other side of the bordering trees. No one can see inside, but the doors are obviously wide open. Who comes by to check on this place? She wants to close them, But the sun feels so good.
Finally she steps inside and keys the doors to close. It’s supposed to be a hideout.
Then she idly looks around the barn, getting really hungry. The farm implements are obviously wasting space and should be moved to the sheds that line the other side of the farmyard, but the stuff is so packed-in she doesn’t know how it could ever be moved.
She could cook some of the oatmeal really well, but yick. Just the thought of it makes her shiver.
The stack of drones reminds her of Lego R2-D2s and the giant boxes with their plastic runners tempt her to rip them open. Their address labels look innocent enough, but they’re from that Unifly the boys grumble about.
There’s some dry soup mix... It would be better than nothing. Maybe more tea? No way. She needs food. When will those boys get back?
The bales of straw look ancient, like movie props, and their debris is scattering around just by them sitting there.
There were some cans in the cabinet, too. She hadn’t really looked at them. Eating cold chili out of a can has a perverse appeal...
She hears a vehicle. It has to be them. Nothing else has traveled the road out front. She goes to look, to see if she needs to key the doors.

~ ~~ ~~~ ~~ ~

Ever been around a ‘morning person’ when you’re not one? They can be irritating, infuriating, and defeating enough to ding your ego and make you feel hopelessly behind before you’ve even started. They can run down your phone battery with messaging before you even discover that you forgot to put it on to charge. Fortunately for Stevo and Devin, events have overrun them so dramatically that getting roused at the crack of dawn isn’t any worse than anything else that’s been happening. Maybe their lives will never settle out. Maybe six in the morning might not be that bad if they have Tacy to pull them along. I’ve found that the best defense against a morning person is to become a night person. You can get a jump on the day and take care of business before they even get up. But that won’t work for the boys, because Tacy works nights too.
17~ Treasure 
“Bless you,” her joke is based upon true feeling.
It had been too early for the pizza place to even think of opening, so Stevo and Devin had brought a fast food lunch along with the groceries. It’s obvious that they’ve already eaten theirs, so Tacy digs in and makes a pig of herself while the boys shuttle in bags of food and drink.
“Figured we better stock up,” Stevo says. They’d doubled the amounts of some of the things on her list. “It’ll get us by for a while.”
“Not the way you eat,” counters Devin.
Tacy swallows so she can say something, but then takes another bite and speaks around it, “There’s forage out back, too.” Won’t mention that it involves green leafy vegetables. With her next bite she tries to chew more slowly, but it tastes so good. Sometimes there’s nothing like scientifically designed food.
Finally she sits back, “Can we get in the house?”
“Could. Got the key, but Jason and Nancy watch the place,” Stevo pauses. He hadn’t thought through the possibility of caretaker visits. “They’re across the road, but they only come by once in a while. If we use the house I bet they’d be here in a second.”
“They know we came back,” Devin’s voice rises with anxiety, “Are they gonna stop in?”
“Uh...”
“You did tell your parents that you might be here...” Tacy wads up her first wrapper.
“We’re still supposed to be at the Wrap Up Retreat.”
“And they wouldn’t check there?” Tacy has now slowed down and dips one fry at a time. What’s with the boys and their burgers and fries? Guaranteed to be tasty, but... She burps quietly to herself.
“It’s a smokescreen. We made it up.”
“Oh. Right. Right.” I gotta keep up. They’re still in the middle of their scam.
Stevo says, “My Mom knows I want to live here after I graduate. At least I’m pretty sure she does.”
“And you did tell them we would check on the place,” reminds Devin.
“So,” concludes Tacy, “It’ll look good when you tell them that you came by. Say it like... ‘The last day of the retreat was optional.’ You wanted to spend a night here, to chill, before going back.”
“But we’re supposed to be hauling everybody’s camping stuff,” frets Devin.
She stuffs her wrappers into the bag, “Don’t overthink it.” Trees and dinosaurs were sacrificed for her meal, and the trash will be an offering that will appease the landfill gods. Do they recycle here? That would be pretty cool.
“But... Overthinking is what he does best,” Stevo says, getting the desired dirty look.
“And we talked with the Club,” Devin redirects the conversation.
“Bet they’re having fun.” She wonders what to do with the fast food bag. The RV’s trash can is tiny.
“Actually, they are. We’re famous today. Phillip’s interview airs tonight,” Stevo shrugs, “So at least for now we’re heroes.”
Devin sags, “Until the other shoe drops.”
“The Unifly shoe,” she nods.
“Yeah.”
“Maybe you guys should go there. Visit your friends on the sly?”
Devin is gloomy, “Santos says he’s got a bad feeling. Marcus, too.”
“Yeah,” Stevo is practical, “We should hide out here until we have to go back.”
Tacy furrows her brow, but with her round features her forehead smooths back out almost immediately. “You should tell Jason and Nancy you guys are here. Don’t explain it. Make it sound like a minor thing they should already know. Head them off so they won’t stop by on their own, and maybe they won’t call your folks either.”
“We should ask if Tacy can stay here,” Devin says, his voice small.
Stevo reacts to this with a knowing smirk, then gets thoughtful, “Yeah...”
Tacy already has an idea, “Tell them that the place looked ‘lonely’ and when you gave a ride to a counselor from the retreat I wanted to stay and ‘clean the place up.’” Her urge is Call them now, but no, that would be dumb. “Tell the caretakers you got it okayed, and then you can tell your folks later? When you get back? Or if it comes up. Make it sound like you thought you’d already mentioned it, and then ask for permission after it’s too late.” She thinks furiously, “You could introduce me in a few days. I can be very caretaker-esque,” and she could play the ‘bald card’ if cornered.
Both Stevo and Devin are looking at her, mouths slack.
Stevo says, “You really do fit in. I couldn’t keep up with that.”
She smiles happily, mostly to Devin, “Let’s go open those boxes! It’s Christmas and I want to see your presents. Then you’ll know how much trouble you’re in, too.” She leads the way.
“We should save the empty boxes,” says Devin.
“Good idea,” Tacy laughs, “You may need to live in them if this doesn’t work out.”
“We need cutters,” Stevo snaps one of the plastic straps and starts looking around.
*click* Tacy has her blade out, open and ready. “Here `ya go.”
“Holy crap.” Where does she keep that thing?
She steps to the nearest tall box, “Allow me... Wouldn’t want you to cut yourselves. We might be needing test pilots.” She starts slicing the plastic straps and each one pops away.
“They’re drones. An Operator is actually pretty safe. It’s really fun.”
“Okay, Test Operators, then. You got to protect your joystick fingers,” she tests the box’s flaps to see how loose they are, “while you stay snug inside, eating French fries.”
“Tater Tots. They fit in your pocket.”
“Tots? Ick.” She starts pulling the strapping out of the way and Devin jumps in to help.
“And they travel well,” Stevo concludes.
“So do I, but... Wouldn’t you fly better if you had veggies once in a while?”
“You really need to meet Marisa.”
“Yeah,” Devin snickers, “You can gang up on us and try to make us healthy.”
“Fat lot of good it would do,” Stevo moves in and wedges his fingers under the corners of a flap.
She sighs theatrically and looks down at her feet, shaking her head. Devin realizes that if she had hair she might be running her fingers through it.
Stevo steps back from pulling at the flap, “It’s glued down and the cardboard’s too thick,” he looks to Tacy, “We gotta cut the box.”
“Not with my blade you don’t.”
The boys step back and stare at the box.
“You guys just don’t want to see what’s in there, do you?”
“It’s Schrödinger’s box,” says Devin.
“Schrödinger’s console,” corrects Stevo. “Long as we don’t look inside...”
“....Then they’re consoles,” Devin finishes.
She shakes her head at them, “Or, they’re not consoles. Yeah, I get it. Well, I want to know if the cat’s alive. Look around for a pry bar.”
“Or a saw.”
“Then we’ll have two halves of a console.”
“Or not two halves of a console,” she corrects.
“Please, quit saying ‘not’.” Stevo tries to look stern.
“I’m not going to,” she smirks, “Until we look inside.”
Stevo goes to the toolbox that sits at the end of the heavy back bench. “Here’s a utility knife. Looks like it’s got a new blade.”
“That’ll work,” says Tacy, “Only stick it out half way and run it around near the bottom edge. Then we can just lift the box off of what’s inside.” She’d learned this trick while helping a friend unpack a hot water heater.
This is easier said than done, but Stevo manages it, and in spite of his audience he’s able to hide the fact that he almost sliced his fingers a couple of times. “Help me lift this off.”
His friends step forward, almost pushing him out of the way.
The big reveal shows six large lightweight boxes, two to a layer, and a shrink-wrapped bundle marked ‘Operations Package’ that was surrounded by pillow packing that is now streaming to the floor.
“Glad it wasn’t peanuts. That’d make a mess.”
“Yeah. Wouldn’t want to mess up our nice clean barn.”
When Stevo sets aside the Operations Package he says “Santos’ll want one of those.” Besides bags of parts and cables he can see through the shrink wrap that there are also a half dozen comb-bound books titled ‘Operator Manual.’ One of them might supplement the Operations Manual that their hacker clubmate had pulled out of Unifly’s recycle bin during their tour.
They lift away one of the inner boxes and open it up. It’s packed tightly with a molded top spacer, two boxes marked ‘Headset,’ one marked ‘Accessories,’ and one large very heavy unmarked box on the bottom that is protected by another molded Styrofoam spacer.
“This is so cool,” says Devin. He takes a Headset box off to the side and sits with it in his lap to open it, but then Tacy has to come over and slit the tape with her knife.
Stevo tries to lift out the bottom box but it’s too heavy and he can’t get his fingers under it. He folds the main box’s flaps back and rolls it upside down, and the unmarked box drops out with a dense ‘thunk.’ Tacy slits it open for him and it contains some kind of control unit, too arcane to be interesting.
Devin gets up and brings over his find.
He’s holding complicated eyewear that isn’t quite goggles but more than just glasses. It has clear thick wide lenses and a sturdy mesh back strap.
Tacy takes one look and goes over to slit open the packet and pull out one of the Operator Manuals. After a minute she announces, “It’s a VR set. A God-and-Country-loving VR setup!”
Of course! The boys look at each other and say, “Shadowfly!”
Stevo looks at her, “Unifly’s Shadowfly is a VR flight system...” he trails off because it’s still sinking in.
“Christ eating crackers, how many have we got?”
Stevo thinks for a second, remembering what the shipping labels said. “Twelve, with the other box.”
“What’s in that smaller big one then?”
“Maybe a VR version of an Egg Cooker?” One of the shipping labels had said something about a trainer.
“A what?”
 Devin wakes from his daze to explain, “Newbies train in an enclosed console. It kinda looks like an egg standing on end and gives you tutorials.”
“So your Club doesn’t have these?” She sweeps her hand at the glasses and the boxes.
“No,” Stevo breathes, “Not even close.”
Tacy cackles and almost can’t stop herself. “Well, ha! You got those two consoles you were hoping for. Hee hee! What are you going to do with the other ten? Wow!”
She grabs an end of the pillow packing and runs around the boys with it streaming behind her so that it flows around and between them in a figure-eight. “You guys scored!”
The boys join in and they all run around the boxes, jumping and bumping each other until Devin almost drops the glasses.
“We’re rich. Rich!”
“We haaaave tech!!”
“We’re felons! We made the big time!”
“I may never go home again!”
“They’ll never let us go home again!”
“I’ve fallen in with criminals!”
“And she likes it!”
“We’ll go to jail for this one!”
Finally out of breath, Stevo does a really bad Cuban accent, “De-vin! We got some splainin to do.”
They would have fallen down laughing but it’s a cement floor.
Devin carefully nestles the VR glasses back in its box, “I need an energy drink.”
“Me too,” Stevo is still catching his breath.
“Not me. I don’t need any more energy,” Tacy says.
She goes to the two most beat-up bales and props one up so they form a recliner, then sits back and watches the boys guzzle their drinks while they open the top of the second tall crate, just to look and make sure it contains the other six VR sets.
When the boys stand around wondering what to do next, Tacy says, “What’s in the Accessories box?” to give them something to do. Then she wishes she’d first asked Devin to get her some water or tea or something because she’s too comfy and entertained to get up and do it herself.
They open the box and sort through it. Stevo reports, “A few cables and shit... brackets... Hey, the docking stations are wireless.”
Devin takes the headset back out of its box and puts it on. It looks a little bit like an ear-warmer headband with a bubble-goggled front. “Guess it shows stuff when you turn it on.” It’s comfortable and very light. He slides it off and passes it to Stevo.
“Carbon fiber. Maybe in that mesh, too.” Stevo carries it over to Tacy.
She looks at it closely. “It’s got cameras on each corner.”
“Like on the spy shows?”
“Maybe. Don’t watch them. And there’s ones inside too. Guess those are projectors. The lenses are silvered. You can just barely see it.” She puts it on and rests back, “I bet you can still see the real world behind the VR image. I’d need that so I wouldn’t puke.”
She holds her arms straight out and starts going “Zoom, zoom, zooom, zoooom,” and starts leaning and turning and roaring with flight, almost sliding off of her straw recliner, then levels her arms out to land and slides off the goggle glasses headset. “That was great!” she hands them back to Stevo, “I’ve always wanted to fly.”
Stevo turns to Devin, “Imagine what she’ll be like when we figure out how to turn it on.”
“What’s in that last one?” Tacy jumps up from her cushy straw seat.
The smaller big box contains a heavy wheeled case. When the latches are unsnapped it rolls open on hinges to reveal a computer control station and a series of storage compartments. The smaller top compartments contain lightweight VR goggles that look almost like safety glasses. Nestled inside the middle compartments are small copters, and packed into the wide bottom compartments are fixed-wing planes.
“It’s a toy set! Why is there a toy set?” In spite of the coolness of it, Tacy is a little disappointed.
“They’re real,” says Devin, “This is the trainer. Remember?”
“Ohooo....” Now she’s interested. “It’s on wheels.”
“So it’s portable.”
“Cool. Ultracool.”
“All we gotta do is get it to work with what’s stacked behind us,” says Stevo, and they turn to admire the full-size drones in a new light.
“So now what?”
“We clean up?”
“Then figure out how to charge the batteries.”
“And then arrange our presents so we can admire them.”
Tacy convinces them to put all the cardboard and trash in the van right away, including the cut-away second tall box, and this clears up most of the floor space. They set the unopened boxes next to the drone stacks, roll the trainer in front and open it up, then set out a few of the training drones.
She goes and gets her phone. “Selfie time! Smile and say, ‘Incrimination!’”
“And then they’ll nail us for sure.”
“So? We’ll make it worth it.”
Tacy snaps a bunch of pictures, both with and without the perpetrators.
“Alrightie,” she sighs, “Got some lawn chairs? I’m ready to kick back with a soda.”

~ ~~ ~~~ ~~ ~

Now we’ve had the big reveal of something so cool they couldn’t possibly get away with it. They may never get the swarm copters flyable, but for the moment they can bask in the sunshine of their ill-gotten gains. Maybe it will all work out? The guys are schemers and Tacy is proving to be even better at it. A lot depends upon what happens between the Drone Club and Unifly, and whether the copters had been phoning home while in sleep mode, but our heroes have managed to get this far. Why not go a bit farther?
18~ Hope 
“So what are we gonna do?” Devin complains; not his best move.
“Let’s go get some fresh air,” says Tacy, “That micro’s gonna take a while.”
The little microwave is working away, but she had to set its cook time to 33:33 at power level six so the boneless chicken breasts that the boys had overbought would have a hope of cooking. She’ll then turn them, scatter on dried onion and spices, and run them at three for 11:11 to complete the process. They will have chicken for a week’s worth of meals... or taking the boys into account, at least a few days’ worth. She had washed the bag that the chicken came in and would use it to store the cooled leftover meat, hiding it in the bottom back corner of the three-quarter sized fridge behind a protective wall of vegies until needed for a meal.
What Tacy really wants to do is move into the house. She was tempted to at least use the bigger microwave in its kitchen, but for security’s sake had resigned herself to just sneaking in and borrowing a covered Pyrex casserole dish, and has resisted the temptation to look around until later when the Drone Club thing settles out.
It gives her something to look forward to.
She’ll need to buff up on her stovetop and oven skills for cooking in an RV, so when she sneaks in one more time to find better cookware for that, she’ll at least take a quick walkthrough. She’ll do it when paranoid Stevo isn’t looking.
It’s nice to have a real kitchen again, even if it’s as tiny as the training drones. All she had to cook with when she lived with her mom was a deluxe micro that she kept in her room. The rest of the house, and especially the kitchen and bathroom, were perma-trashed and she won’t miss it. The RV is a step up.
Will she miss her Mom? Maybe. Her friends? Only Mace-Face, but they message all the time.
“I’m gonna get caught up a bit here,” Stevo waves the burner phone, freshly charged even though it didn’t need it. Santos had sent a text about a new MessageChat account that only his Core friends at the Club used and he has been reading through the posts. Like the other Chat that the Club uses it’s on the dark web and layered with security, and for the moment the only people he trusts are his close friends.
The crummy pay-per-call phone makes everything so difficult, but it’s just as well so he’s not tempted to check out what everybody else is saying.
Tacy squats down to Stevo’s level on the couch, “We don’t have to figure it all out right now.”
“We might,” he counters, “Things are happening and we gotta know.”
She shrugs, He’s right, and stands up to go. But the farm is such a nice bubble. Why pop it? “You can fill us in over dinner.”
He snorts and continues to flick the tiny screen, she raises a hairless eyebrow at Devin, who reluctantly then eagerly follows her outside.
The short winter day holds refreshing moisture, the air is hushed and full.
They walk, she leading Devin along her track behind the barn, and they continue on to the front yard, where she sits them on a funky bench nestled along the edge. It’s made out of a tree trunk laid on its side, and the long wedge that is cut out to form a seat is surprisingly comfortable.
While Devin deals with being uncomfortable sitting next to her, she has a chance to gaze around.
They are on a dead-end side road off of a county road and there isn’t any traffic. There might be a few more farms farther along, but she’d have to walk it to find out. 
“I hope this ends well,” Devin mopes.
“Yes it will,” she jostles him, “Unless you think you’re going to win in only one day.” She stretches out with the soles of her feet against each other. It feels so good to be here. She rotates her ankles to loosen them up, keeping her insteps parallel and her toes exactly lined up.
“It’s like we’re on a military campaign or something.”
She brings her legs in and leans forward, turning to face him, “Well. You are.”
He finally looks at her. Her eyes are green in this light. “I guess so...”
My reluctant hero. She turns back and straightens her legs, stretches her arms far over her head until she feels a satisfying pop in her upper back, then relaxes.
The maze of bare branches wave in an unfelt breeze, they sit companionably.
“Your head get cold?”
“Sometimes. Maybe all the time, here at the farm.”
“Do you like it?”
“Only one I’ve got.”
“No. I mean here.”
“Yes. I love it.” She inhales deeply, chuckles on the exhale, “Of course I do miss the slots. Especially the ones in the bathrooms.”
“The slot machines?” He remembers them crowding the doors at gas stations, even the one she worked at.
“It’s hilarious to watch people play them,” she bumps shoulders with him, “But slots are for fish. Never catch me playing one,” even though she has.
“Fish?”
“At a poker table, there’s the real players and the fish. They always need a fish so there’s somebody to lose to them. If you don’t know who the fish is, you’re it,” she laughs.
Somewhere nearby a bird sings a complex song and Tacy tries to spot it. “This is such a great place.” I hope life doesn’t screw up for a while. “So lush and quiet.” But how can this last? “And it’s perfect for what we’re doing.” Huh. I said ‘we’. Does he mind?
“Once we get it figure it out.” He can feel her warmth along his side.
“You’ve done good so far.”
He gives a little snort, “It’s easy to get into trouble,” and gets gloomy again, “It’s harder to get out of it... And we’re not done getting farther in yet.”
“You’re so far in, the only way out is to succeed,” she laughs.
Devin blinks, That doesn’t make sense... or maybe it does.
“You can’t bail now,” she looks over, grinning widely, “Life is finally starting to get interesting.”
Yeah. For you. “We just don’t know what’ll happen. With the Club.”
“Your guy will state your case, the big bad corporation will deny everything, everybody will get all upset at each other, and then...” she lightens up, “Another bright shiny object will come along and it will be forgotten. It’ll blow over,” she catches his eye, “But by then you’ll be on the next level. Advance a notch at a time, and that’s how you win.”
“That doesn’t sound like winning.”
“It’s not losing.” She keeps a practical tone, “To that Unifly, it’s just business. They have to hold the line even if they lose ground because that’s what they do. It’s their business model. So you nibble away at them to gain ground.”
They sit in silence.
She adds, “I like your social media approach.” And you guys are brilliant when you fly. “Just don’t lose sight of the goal, and take what you can get.” Don’t waste energy getting all twisted up about it.
He thinks back. What’s our goal again? It was to ‘judge Unifly in the court of public opinion,’ and in Marisa’s words, ‘To make them stop.’ She had made it seem simple: Gather lots of witnesses before you blow the whistle, and you can’t lose.
“Of course,” Tacy glances slyly at Devin, “You and Stevo have your own goal.” She lets it sink in. “Don’t get mixed up with the Drone Club too far. They’ll ‘win’ and so will you, but their thing will go on and on, while you guys want to be moving forward.” She grins crookedly, “Once they get over themselves, bring along some of your friends. The ones you trust.”
Devin straightens up, “After we get away with it.” He glances toward the house and sees through it as if it were invisible, imagining the barn behind, holding their bright future.
“For that Unifly, it’s just the cost of doing business. For you, it’s the start of something.” She pins him with a look to make him pay attention, “That’s what you and Stevo are really doing. You’re setting up your own drone service. You could blow the doors off of them,” she nods, telegraphing confidence.
Devin’s, “If we get away with it,” makes her roll her eyes.
“After you get away with it,” she corrects, then amends herself, “We. I’m in this too?”
“Definitely.”
She gets crafty, “After all, I quit my job. I’m counting on you.”
Devin drops all his defenses, “Why are you doing this?” Everybody else would run. To the cops.
She doesn’t reply. Then, “We should get back in there. Network news is starting in seven or eight minutes.”
“You don’t know exactly?” he teases. It had been easy to spot that she was a ‘number whiz.’
“Haven’t figured out your satellite feed yet. Variable lag.”
When they walk by the house, the view in the window looks normal. There are curtains and furniture, maybe knickknacks and pictures on the wall, and it’s easy to imagine that they had just stepped outside it for a minute.
Stevo startles when they step into the RV, then gets a sly smile, accusing them with his eyes.
She ignores the innuendo. “Is it on yet?” To derail him she asks it with urgency.
He’s holding the burner phone in one hand and the remote control in the other. “Everybody’s on, and the news is just coming up.”
She checks the food and sees that the chicken needs 11:11 at power level six instead of three, and that dual electric/gas range’s timer has indeed switched off the rice at the right time. She drains the juices from the Pyrex into the rice, flips all the chicken pieces so the raw parts face outward, and sends the little unit off on the last half of its mission while the boys fixate on the TV.
There’s unrest in the Middle East, even worse violence in Sub-Saharan Africa, and rumors of awful things happening in South America with China taking advantage. The usual. Right now only normal dictators are in power and the news anchor with the sealed-in-place hair has to put in extra effort so it sounds new and exciting.
Along with the Pyrex, she had brought over a chef’s knife and maple cutting board from the farmhouse’s kitchen. She chops vegetables and listens to the news, making some things tiny to sneak into the rice and some coarser for the carrot-celery relish. The chicken gets done and smells great, and she dices the two smaller breasts along with a tomato, then mixes in dried herbs to soak up the liquid and expand the flavor.
This will be so good. But will the boys like it? It will be a test.
After endless commercials, Phillip’s interview comes on. She watches with interest, the boys with high anxiety, and it’s hard to wait while the same video clips play.
Finally, Plastic Hair finishes his intro.
Phillip gives a good account of himself and the Club, and the interviewer cuts in with lots of supportive reaction shots. None of it is a surprise to Tacy, but it’s easy to imagine everyone else’s shock and disbelief. It must be exciting to have all the social media explosions confirmed.
It’s great television, and Plastic Hair is clearly happy to have real Breaking News this time. He hypes the network’s social media feeds while a video loop of the same stunning six seconds of Stevo and Devin’s swarm knot plays over and over, then leans forward, “And coming up next... Unifly’s reaction to the high school students’ allegations!”
After a commercial break.
“Well, he’s laid it all out,” Stevo says evenly, giving Tacy the feeling that he doesn’t like Phillip.
“Yeah. We’re in trouble now,” adds Devin.
“Here it comes.” The commercial break was short.
Tacy finishes drying her hands and scurries to sit between the boys. They lean in while Plastic Hair sets up Unifly’s response, then there’s an image of a printed document with quoted excerpts highlighted off to the side, and he reads them in voiceover. “Unifly International Services Corporation... Deeply regrets the apparent actions of some of our employees... We applaud these talented students for bringing this to our attention... We will do a full investigation...”
The anchor smiles smugly at the camera, “With this stunning admission, the multinational corporation has admitted to all of the student’s charges. We are following this story as it develops. In other news...”
Stevo mutes the sound.
Tacy is still switching gears from all the boy’s fretting, “So you won? Unifly gave in?”
“Looks like it.” Stevo is typing furiously into the burner phone.
Devin tells her, “You were right.” He eyes the Faraday chips bag containing their real phones, clearly tempted to grab it and rip it open.
“Well, let’s eat! We’ve got something to celebrate.” She jumps up to go dish out the food.
The tomato chicken rice is delicious, but the relish lacks distinction. For their second helping she adds a little salt.
Stevo reports, “Matt says ‘Slam dunk.’ Marcus says we’re ‘Free at last,’ and Santos of course says ‘It’s just the beginning.’” There’s nothing from Marisa yet.
“Do they know about your little... side venture?”
“Nobody knows about it.”
“They must wonder. You skipped out right when it got good.”
“Yeah, they didn’t like it...” Stevo sags down.
“Still...”
Devin says, “Our thing is separate.”
“And a good thing, too,” Stevo adds, “It’ll fall into place now.”
Tacy tells him, “You should call your parents.”
Stevo winces, “I’ve got some splainin’ to do.”
“Looocee...” Devin parodies a meme of Ricky Ricardo, “What deed you do?”
Stevo tries to imitate Lucille Ball crying, “Oh, Ricky...” then shifts to a normal voice, “What do we do now?”
“Wash the dishes,” Tacy tells him, handing him her plate. He automatically takes it, then tries to give it back, but she’s turned away and snagged the TV control to bring up another news channel.
A few minutes later Stevo complains, “This nano-kitchen sucks,” while Devin runs more hot water into the tiny sink.
Tacy ignores them and settles into her spot with her phone. 
The Unifly story is too new for the other news channels and social media has exploded to unusability, so Tacy turns off the screens and helps the boys dry the dishes so the Pyrex won’t get broken.
“You should get your phones and call your parents,” Tacy tells them, “They’ll want to know if you’re mixed up in that Unifly mess.”
“I wouldn’t know what to say,” Stevo squints and shakes his head. “I can’t tell them we lied about where we went.”
“Hmm,” Tacy thinks about this. “Actually, it gives you an out, doesn’t it? You went on the retreat to avoid your friends’ trouble?”
“And now we’re as surprised as everyone else?” Stevo looks to Devin, “But it turned out good. Don’t we want credit too?”
“I don’t want nuthin’,” Devin shrinks back.
 Got to find out what’s going on there, Tacy tells herself. But later.

~ ~~ ~~~ ~~ ~

This is a turning point in Stevo and Devin’s plans. With their underlying worry about Unifly and the Club so neatly resolved, they are now free to start figuring out what’s next with their stolen goodies. They don’t know the whole story behind what has been going on, but for the moment they don’t need to. Also, Tacy can now have an easier time settling into her new life, which to her seems heaven sent, if there is such a thing as heaven.
19~ Future 
“Morning!” Tacy calls out from the back bedroom. It’s a test.
“Yeah, what?...” Stevo mumbles from the living area.
“You guys finally awake out there?”
“Well, you’re still in bed...” Stevo is now roused enough to grumble.
“I’m admiring the day.”
“So are we,” Devin calls down from the loft, sounding more awake.
“I bet. Put your pants on and open a window. I’m coming out.” Stinky boys. The sliding door at the end of the pretend hallway rolls shut, followed by hollow bumps and thumps before it opens again and she pads out wearing sweats.
After Tacy makes coffee, she hugs hers closely to soak in the warmth and, “There you go,” leaves the other two cups on the counter with a large bottle of flavored creamer and a spoon.
In the living area she sets her mug down out of Stevo’s reach and pulls on the vintage polar fleece jacket that had been hanging in the tiny closet in the tiny bedroom. She admires her feet in the shearling slippers she had also found, cheerily feeling ready for anything. “Your Aunt and I are about the same size.”
“Twenty years ago.” Stevo has managed to sit up from his curl on the flattened recliner end of the small couch. His hair sticks out in a short crooked Mohawk until he rubs both hands vigorously over his face and head to speed waking up, then it settles into its usual random expression of dirty straw.
Probably still fits her, he laughs to himself. Aunt Myra’s goal is to: ‘be a hottie until after the day I die,’ and the last time he checked her profile she was still on track to pull it off.
He eyes Tacy sipping her mug but makes no effort to get his own.
“Pass mine up?” Devin has gotten as far as crawling to the edge of the loft bed, and stretches one arm out in pathetic thin drama. It has only taken a couple of days for him to feel like one of the Java Crowd, and he now needs his fix before he can function.
Stevo mutters, “Come down and get your own.”
Tacy ignores them and stays busy admiring the sheepskin slippers. She holds one foot up, These are so cool, I could live in them, then clicks the door open, turns to give the boys a happy grin, and steps out, pushing the door shut behind her.
They can hear her voice echoing out in the barn, “These things are outrageous!” and the barn’s entry door bangs shut as she goes outside to greet the day.
“Doesn’t her head get cold?” Stevo wonders to Devin.
“Asked her about it,” Devin says, then theatrically moans and makes it a big struggle to wrestle out of the blanket and make it over to the ladder. “I don’t think she really said.” He nimbly climbs down, watching out for his toes, and eagerly goes for his cup.
“Do mine?” Stevo has settled into the middle of the couch. This gets him a dirty look from his friend, who pointedly just fixes his own cup and sits in the stuffed chair.
“Ugh!” Stevo pulls himself up to go get his own, and trails his blanket along so it slides up and over Devin before he lets it go.
From underneath, Devin continues to calmly slurp, “So you talked with your Dad.”
“Yeah. He’s a night owl.”
“And he said it was okay?”
“He wants to meet her.”
“So we gotta drive home?”
“Nah. Phone’s okay. He’s gonna call when he gets time today,” So I better warn Tacy.
From the barn comes, “Hey! Sleepyheads! It’s a beautiful day out here,” and then the entry door bangs shut again.
Devin has flipped Stevo’s blanket off of his head and both boys look at each other, She’s definitely a morning person.
After a few minutes she’s back and swings open the RV’s door, all bright with cheer, “We should open the big doors and let the sun in.” She grins crookedly at the two. Those guys... Devin still has his blanket wrapped around him.
“It’s overcast,” says Stevo.
“It’s lifting off,” she counters.
“The copters. We should hide ‘em first. Jason’ll see `em when he drives by.”
“Anybody ever tell you you’re a little grumpy in the morning?”
Devin says, “He’s that way all the time. It’s just easier to see it right now.” He flips Stevo’s blanket the rest of the way off.
“I wanna stay here,” she inhales, pulling her shoulders up, then lets them drop and puffs out the air, looking hopefully at Stevo, “Will you talk to your folks?” Pleasepleaseplease?
Stevo blinks, “Dad? He wants to facetime with you today.”
“As the future trusted caretaker...” she scans around the rumpled living area, “I say get your butts out here and see the day,” Seize the day, “Sleepytime’s over.” Then a new thought hits her and she draws herself up and bounds up into the RV, “I’d better get ready. When will he call?”
“I dunno.” This stops her, making him sheepish, “Prob’ly not ‘till about noon?”
Going with the flow. Like son like father? She gives the lanky boy a measured look. “Okay... Time to get dressed anyway, and then you can tell me about him...” she sounds casual but her palms are sweating. “I’ll go put on my business face,” and she disappears into the back bedroom.
The boys stare dully at the open RV door, then Devin, followed by Stevo, step out with their cups to look around and wander back to their prize.
Devin stands, gazing at the equipment, This is so cool, this is so cool, this is so cool, basking in the delightful unbelievability of it all. Stevo comes up behind and bumps him, but he recovers quickly and his cup doesn’t spill because its empty.
“This is so cool,” Devin’s voice holds quiet excitement, “We’ll rock.”
“Can’t wait to see you try out the VR egg cooker. It’ll be so funny.”
“Yeah. Chasing you around.” Devin imagines both of them running around wearing the VR headbands with the drone camera views right in front of their faces. If they weren’t careful they’d collide with each other like softball newbies trying for a fly ball. He laughs but a chill goes up his spine. Virtual Reality. How much virtual and how much reality?
Will it be too much? The consoles they had been using were beyond the best. When flying, he became oblivious to the curved ultra-high def screen because he was there with his little flyers, which now, as it turns out are not so little. With VR, what will it be like to be even closer? Birdlike. Maybe even better, because it’s tech, and anything is possible.
Shadowfly. It sounds like magic.
“What are you giggling about,” Stevo smiles at his friend, then laughs when Devin winces, trying to hide whatever rapture he was thinking about. Probably the girl.
“You guys gonna clean up?” Tacy is standing behind them. “Bath closet’s empty.”
She’s all calm and glossy, with nice lips and eyes, wearing lightweight tan pants and a patterned Southwestern shirt.
Stevo leans in for a closer look, “You’ve got makeup on.”
“Yeah? So?”
“You look nice,” says Devin, which makes her smile.
“And it’s time for you two,” she eyes each in turn, “To get cleaned up, too.”
“You used up all the hot water.”
“It’s an instant heater. You can’t run it out.”
“We’re just gonna get dirty with those bales.”
“Which you could have restacked already.” She pantomimes tapping her foot with hands on hips, but can’t keep it up because she breaks up laughing. “Well, you’re right, but ‘ya gotta wash off sometime. Get going and tote that bale, then scrape off and get presentable,” she eyes Stevo’s hopeless mess of hair, “And comb it. Make me look good so I can have the run of the place.”
Stevo skews a smile, “I think you’ve already got it.”
Devin giggles quietly then catches himself with a little snort.
They survey the stacks of copters, the boxes, the trainer. Tacy keeps her distance to protect her nice clothes.
Stevo is thoughtful, “We should get this stuff outta sight.” 
“Where? One of the outbuildings?” Devin is doubtful.
“Naw, that would be worse. Maybe behind the RV?”
“There is no behind the RV. Didn’t you look back there? We should get that tarp to throw over them.”
“Did you see that tarp? It would trash them.”
“Guys,” Tacy interrupts, “Use the bales. Stack them in front.”
“A wall of straw,” Stevo squints, imagining it, “It’d have to stick out really far.”
Devin goes to the side of the barn next to the bales. “Hey. This corner’s empty. Look. They don’t fill it all the way.”
They gather and look at the empty space.
Stevo says, “We could slide `em in there. Maybe. Is it big enough?”
Tacy nods, “Will be when you guys clear it out.”
Devin eyes the stack of straw bales, “We’d have to restack them.”
“Yeah,” Stevo sizes up the task, “Make a cubby back there, just for the copters. All those boxes don’t look like anything, so we can just move them out of the way... And the trainer... We’re gonna use that. Better leave it out.”
“See? I told you it would work out,” Tacy edges away from the debris.
“But now we have to move them,” Stevo kicks a bale.
“You can do it... I have faith in you,” Tacy tries to look serious and encouraging.
“You’re gonna help?...” Devin wants her there.
“Me? I’m not built for manual labor. I’m management, remember? I got to keep a clean face for our public.”
“My dad.”
“Yeparoonie. You think he’ll call any time now?”
“Uh, yeah. It was sort of open-ended.”
“Well, I got to stay ready then. And presentable. You do want me to make a good impression, right?”
“Yeah, of course,” Stevo is nervous.
“You will,” Devin is hopeful.
“Got your phone? For when he calls?”
“By the couch. It’s all yours.”
Tacy is businesslike, “We better get to it then. I’m going to do a walkthrough of the house. See what we got to work with in there.”
Stevo looks to Devin, sighs and sags down, “I think we’ve been demoted to common labor.”
Devin shrugs, “I think she’s been promoted,” tilting his head in Tacy’s direction.
She beams at them, “I accept, and I’ll do my best to boss you around.”
“More than you are already?” Stevo rears back, pretending shock.
“That was just practice.”
Stevo catches Devin’s eye, “I have a bad feeling about this.”
Devin gazes off to the imaginary distance, “The Jedi have a new master.”
She brandishes an imaginary light saber, “Shrvummm-zwishuuu. Shrvummm-zwishuuu,” then turns to go to the RV, saying over her shoulder, “Brush yourself off before you go in here, okay?”
Inside, she grabs the house keys and Stevo’s phone, makes sure the windows and the vents are closed against the dust, and clears out of the barn before things get stirred up. It’s time to explore the farmhouse. She’ll also bring back a larger frying pan, see if there’s a baking sheet and roasting pan small enough to fit in the RV’s small oven, and most important, grab the nice coffeemaker.
The boys turn back to the pile of bales.
“Hard to keep up with life,” Devin comments.
“Hard to keep up with her,” Stevo snorts.
“But, we’ll manage,” Nothin’ for it.
“What are you smiling about?”
“This is so cool.”
They try just tossing down the top bales but the first one splits open, so they lift each one down and set them out of the way, grunting, sweating and grumbling, and soon the remaining stack is solid and ready to be built up along the exposed end.
Devin wipes his forehead, not realizing how dirty his hand is, “I’ll get us some energy drinks.”
Stevo starts restacking the bales and Devin squints at his work when he gets back, “Make ‘em look like they’re in a stack.”
“I am.”
“No, it looks like a wall. Gotta be thicker, with the ends showing. And squish `em together more.”
“It’s fine. Stop Devin-ing it.”
“You’re being too... Stevo-ish.” He hands his friend a skinny can that is beaded with condensed moisture.
“Stevo-ish?” Tacy is standing at a safe distance. The boys are grubbier than ever.
“It’ll be fine.” Stevo perches on a bale and gulps down half the can.
“Shouldn’t you get the stuff inside before you wall it in?” I’m starting to like these guys, she laughs to herself. What hilarious goofballs.
“We’ll leave an opening,” Stevo explains, and moves a bale out of the way as if that was his plan all along.
She admires the rest of their work, “That looks great!” then goes to the control for the big doors, “I just love that house.” She had opened the farmhouse’s windows and doors to air it out, and the barn needs the same treatment. “And your Aunt. She just left?” The doors grind open and the guys blink in the bright light.
“She does that.”
“Like you said.”
Now with Tacy there, Devin goes back to bale wrangling so he looks manly, but when he lifts one up it almost gets away from him. “Little help?” he calls to his friend, “We’re almost done.”
Stevo snorts down a laugh, and inspired, they work together to quickly set the rest of the bales in place, leaving a gap near the wall just wide enough to fit through the swarm copters held edgewise.
“The song ‘Don’t worry, be happy...’” plays from Tacy’s pocket as the boys are tossing the damaged bales in front to block view of the gap. It’s the ringtone for Stevo’s dad.
Stevo nods to Tacy, who hands over the phone and scurries away to the RV, “Back in a sec!”
He starts the conversation, “Hey. Yeah. We’re ready. Cool. Uhh...” Tacy is there, looking very Abercrombie in her crisp desert hat that has a fringe of short sporty hair.
She takes the phone and smiles sweetly into the camera while she gets her image centered. Stevo’s Dad is looking very relaxed but serious as they begin.
The boys gawk at each other, trying not to be distracted so they can listen in, but it’s Tacy with hair!
“....Well, it’s really nice to meet you too,” the man is saying.
Tacy isn’t quite hiding a sigh of relief, and her smile relaxes and widens. The fringe of hair softens her round features. “This is such a beautiful place.” She moves to the doorway but her image starts washing out, so she turns to have the inside of the barn behind her, but she carefully keeps the stacks of copters out of view. “And it’s in such good repair.”
“We’re so lucky to have Jason nearby to look after things.”
“Some cleaning up could really help it,” she proposes.
“I can see you’ve already started.” Even with just his voice the boys can tell he’s impressed.
“She’s working us to death,” Stevo calls out.
Tacy sighs with infinite patience, then brightens, “When will Myra be back?”
“Well, my sister is...”
“A free spirit?” she suggests.
“She certainly is... Well,” he turns brisk, “You’re hired. It will be nice to have an onsite caretaker.”
“Farm-sitter,” she suggests, “I’ll take it on daily walks.”
His laugh makes them all smile.
“Thank you for letting me stay here,” she says humbly.
“Well, you’re welcome. So, the retreat camp is closed now?”
“Yes, for the rest of the winter... This is a beautiful place to stay. Thanks for letting me use the RV.”
“Sure you wouldn’t rather open up the house?”
She shrugs a little nod, “I’m still geared for little spaces. The RV is perfect.”
“Well, we should meet in person. Soon. Pass me back to my grubby son.”

~ ~~ ~~~ ~~ ~

Stevo and Devin work together well, even though sometimes it doesn’t sound like it, and all they need is Tacy to keep them moving along. She cleans up well, still has a few surprises, and even over facetime is clearly capable and trustworthy. How many people do you know that can do that on a Zoom call?  BTW- I try to be as generic as possible with popular terminology so that my stories will age well. For instance, I use ‘facetime’ as a verb instead of the proper nouns ‘Facetime’ or ‘Zoom,’ and I call it ‘social media’ instead of naming Facebook, Twitter, etc. My hope is that years from now my stories won’t seem as dated... but who can predict? If this was twenty years ago I would have wisely avoided the term ‘AOL,’ but my characters wouldn’t even be using flip-phones.
20~ Chores 
“He’s cute.”
“He says ‘well’ all the time.”
“Well, okay.”
“He liked you,” Stevo beams, trying to not look directly at Tacy With Hair so he won’t get caught gawking.
He glances to Devin, who frowns and gives a little head shake.
Tacy knows what they are doing, but since she’s still in the afterglow of being Business Tacy she decides to be diplomatic, “This thing itches. I’m going to change.” She hands Stevo his phone and bounces away to the RV to get ‘normal’ again so they can all relax.
Devin’s eyes follow her, “I hope she doesn’t change too much.” Seeing her with hair was both nice and creepy.
“She could tone it down a bit,” Stevo observes, then smiles over at Devin, “But she is lots of fun.”
“Keeps us on our toes,” Devin blinks and collects himself. “Guess we should finish up.”
They quickly pile up the last of the loose bales to block sight of the opening in the main stack, and when they stand back to see how good it looks the last bale placed falls off, one of the bindings breaks, and the side starts fanning out before they can run over and hold it together.
“This crap is really old,” Stevo says, “Here. Lean it up at the end. That’s even better.”
They stand back again.
“Doesn’t even look hollow.”
“You can’t see the entrance, at least from here.”
“Now to clean up the mess.”
“We should ask the caretaker to take care of it.”
“Yeah, so then she’d make us do it.”
“Nothing for it. Might as well save her the trouble.”
They find a wide hay rake to scoop most of the loose straw against their ‘privacy fence,’ a push broom to clear away the rest, and then they have a clear path back to the gap leading inside their hidden room of straw.
“Think there’ll be enough room?” Devin goes to get one of the copters.
“I’ll stack `em high.” Stevo goes inside the hollow and uses his foot to kick out the last of the loose straw while Devin brings back the first of the drones.
Devin hands in each one edgewise and Stevo stacks them as high as he can reach. The space fills up with room left over.
Just as they finish and stand back to check their work, Tacy makes her entrance.
Stevo does a pirate salute, “Arr. The booty is buried, Sar.”
“That’s beautiful. Can’t even tell anything’s going on.” She walks closer and finds the narrow corridor leading to the gap, and goes to peek in at the drones. “Think your dad noticed them during that facetime call?”
“I don’t think so. You kept him pretty busy. Nice bibs, by the way. I think I recognize them.”
“Raided Myra’s closet again. She has longer legs than I do, but our shoe size is the same.” Tacy shows off the rolled-up cuffs and sturdy work boots. “You don’t think she’d mind?”
“Wouldn’t matter if she did,” Stevo jokes, “But no, she wouldn’t. Especially if you’d loan her the turquoise shirt you had on. She loves that Southwestern stuff.”
“It l-looks good,” Devin gulps.
 She’s wearing well-loved and embroidered bib overalls over a checkered earth-tone-and-pink flannel shirt, with a magenta bandana for a headband. The bibs are cinched-in just enough to show nice hips and chest.
“Thanks. It’s nice being bald again,” she wipes a hand across her pate.
“Gotta love a woman in work boots,” Stevo nods approval.
“Are you guys finally ready to scrape off and clean up?”
Stevo sniffs each armpit, to Devin’s mock horror, and makes a face, “Almost ready.”
“Ripe for the plucking.” Tacy takes a big inhale and holds it while stepping in just long enough to pick a few shards of straw off of him, then quickly steps back to regain her breath. “I tried the water in the house. Hot water heater’s still on and there’s a great shower.” She raises her eyebrows at Devin, then settles on Stevo. “Clean up and I’ll make you some food.”
“Not more toaster pastries?”
“Nope. We’re having adult food for lunch. Some of that deli stuff you got. Deeluxe subs and macaroni salad. Apples and sodas. Sound good?”
“Yeah,” “You bet.” The boys hustle off to get clean again.
“Brush off,” she calls out with her ‘mamma voice’ just before they step up into the RV. “Don’t trash my little home.”
 Devin jumps back guiltily and Stevo smirks at him, “Yes, ma’am,” and they start slapping the debris off of each other, creating a cloud of dust, possible bruises, and then they grab their bags and hustle off to the farmhouse.
Tacy heads for the garden with an old pair of scissors. This is my place! I can stay here! Her face hurts again from all the smiling while she snips some of the less moth-eaten kale.
The large oval focaccia bread is a little stale, but that works in her favor because it holds together better when she layers in the lettuce, sliced turkey, provolone, chopped fresh kale, and cuts it into thirds, saving the smaller center section for herself. The macaroni salad is a little watery, but not after she stirs in paprika, chopped celery, and shredded mozzarella. She cuts the granny smith apples into wedges so they’re more appealing and makes herbal tea for herself.
For their spot between the house and barn, she brushes several years’ worth of dust off some folding chairs, sits and sips tea while she waits for the boys, enjoying the ‘ambiance’ of the weedy back yard. With the sun out it’s not that cold, but she had changed to her fitted ball cap instead of the headband.
She gazes around and plans. The house is in good shape, after every single thing inside is washed. Maybe bomb it for a clean slate, which she should do first. Have to add bug bombs to the shopping list... It’s the perfect time, while nobody’s living there.
The barn still needs work, if it’s going to be their base of operations. She wonders if there’s a lawn mower. Have to be a good one. The weeds are pretty high. The RV’s perfect, but the musty bedding needs a serious washing. She needs to meet that Jason and Nancy, too...
At last the guys arrive, looking freshly mussed and clean, and they all sit around with their plates while the squirrels get excited at the sight of food.
“We should sweep that place out next,” she nods to the barn, “You don’t want to get that fancy training cooker thing all scrounged up.”
Stevo speaks around a mouthful, “Uh, Taces? You’re wearing work clothes, but...”
“‘Taces’?? No.” And you’ll never find out that Mace-Face calls me Sour Pussy when I need a kick in the pants.
“Uh, Tacy... sorry. But we just got cleaned up.”
“You’re in jeans. I think you can handle it, unless you start rolling around again.”
“But...”
“You don’t want to trash your shiny new VR stuff, do you?”
“Uh, no ma’am.” Stevo smiles innocently, amused with his expression.
Devin kicks him in the shin. “She’s right.”
“Ow! And then what?”
She grins engagingly, “We conquer the world, one drone at a time.”
They go inside the barn, Devin starts sweeping the back with the push broom, Stevo moves the boxes and trainer cart off to the side then finds another push broom in the front corner that has tall stiff bristles. “Look what I’ve got. Mine’s bigger.” It’s great for moving the coarser stuff into a pile but leaves a trail of dust behind.
When Tacy comes back out from tidying the RV’s kitchen the boys have a system worked out. Stevo pushes the bulk of the mess to the front and Devin follows behind, getting it swept down to bare concrete.
“You guys are the best work crew I ever had!” she gushes, giggling, then uses a regular broom to sweep in front of the RV and toward the doors, creating her own piles of sweepings. 
By the time they start filling a huge trash bag the air in the barn is murky with dust but it quickly settles.
“Holy crap. I’m all dirty again,” Stevo looks down at himself.
“Life in the country.” Devin then sneezes three times in a row.
“But look how nice it is, now,” Tacy is eyeing an air compressor and its coiled hose. She wheels it near an outlet and plugs it in, “We can blow ourselves off with this.” The unit chugs away, building up pressure.
When they blow each other off the boys have a squirt fight and Tacy has to take the hose away from them, but then they are all clean again, and so is the barn because they had blown out the back area too.
“Let’s get ready to fly,” Tacy is excited.
“We gotta charge ‘em up,” says Stevo.
“And figure out how it works,” laments Devin.
“Well, let’s get going, then!”
They plug in the wheeled case and turn on its power. Red LEDs light up next to each compartment, except that two of the VR goggles show green.
“This might take a while,” says Devin, “I’m thirsty.”
“Sounds good,” says Stevo, “Time for a break.”
“I’ll get refreshments,” Tacy says, and when Devin starts to follow her she suggests, “Get us three of those manuals? We can look through them.”
They sit at their spot in the backyard and flip through the Operator Manuals, the guys with energy drinks and Tacy treating herself to a soda.
“We can charge them faster,” Stevo looks up, “If we can figure out where to plug them in.”
“The back bench has a really long power strip,” Tacy says, “You can set them out on the benchtop maybe.”
The go look, then find the chargers in a compartment under the control station and get out a couple of copters and a fixed-wing airplane to see if they will charge up faster than the others.
Tacy complains, “Hey, Are there any pink ones? I want a pink one,” and stamps her foot.
Stevo drawls, “Sorry little lady, drones are a man’s world.” At the desired scowl from her, he does a cowboy shrug and looks down, scuffing his toe into imaginary dirt.
“You just keep thinking that,” she challenges and sets her jaw, “While I fly right past you.”
Stevo looks to Devin, now pretending to be frightened, “She might be serious.”
The boys start with the VR sections of their manuals and get excited, but Tacy’s eyes quickly glaze over. For them, the virtual interface is set up just like the physical one they’re used to and the rest of the systems are the same, but she hasn’t seen any of it.
“Well, hotshots,” she closes her Manual, “This will take a little while. I’ll go do some laundry and look through the baby sections.”
She lugs her duffel and backpack to the house while wondering how many minutes and seconds it takes the washer to do a regular load. Oh Yay. It’s good to have a place where she can spread out her clothes again.
While the laundry runs, she sits and warms herself in front of the opened oven door, skimming quickly through the manual while the heat crisps up a cookie sheet of stale crackers that she found in the pantry. The kitchen starts smelling really good and she munches a few while she reads.
The washer takes twenty six minutes and fourteen seconds, but it’s dial doesn’t click into a particular place to start, so she decides to try and get it to be exactly twenty six minutes next time.
The first sections of the Operator Manual are full of repetitious dumbass warnings, but then it gets interesting. These commercial drones are nothing like retail ones. The remote flight system doesn’t seem too obnoxious but she can tell that using the telemetry will take some getting used to. She decides to save the camera operation and mission strategies sections until later.
The dryer doesn’t sound right and starts smelling, so she finds the vent outside and digs out an old wasp nest with a stick, then the baked cracker aroma knocks her over when she goes back inside. It’s wonderful.
She shuts off the oven and munches some of the overdone ones while she checks the washer, then starts making a shopping list and a ToDo list, and adds things to them while she reads the VR section of the manual. It’s masterfully simple, at least at the user level. No wonder the boys were so excited.
“Whew!” Tacy stands and stretches, shaking her head to settle out all the new information. It’s time to see what the boys are up to. She scoops the warm crackers back into their box, confirms that the clothes in the dryer are almost done, and pads out to the barn.
“Here. You gotta try these,” she hands Devin the aromatic box.
He sniffs, can’t believe his nose so crunches one, and can’t believe his mouth. “Did you just make these??”
“No, silly. I just warmed them up.” She leans to him, “I’m not that good.” Yet.
Stevo primly tries one. “This cracker is crispy, yet meaty. Nice clean bite, with a nutty cheesy flavor. I give it an eight point five.” He’s smugly proud of his highbrow accent.
“I heated them myself. Pretty good, huh? Do not look at the expiration date.” 
Devin stops in mid-crunch.
“Don’t worry,” she laughs, “They’ve been sterilized. There’s other food in there too. And bulk things in big cans. Did she live here recently?”
“A few summers ago? I think... Yeah. After Joel.”
Devin says, “So there’s even food here.” She’s set-up. It makes him happy.
“Yep. Water and lights too. Well water. Take a few more showers so it clears up.”
“Myra...” Stevo shakes his head, “She’d be happy you’re here to use her stuff. We don’t even have to ask her.”
This is so opposite from my old life, Tacy snorts. With Lenny the Nephew, it’s almost guaranteed she’ll get screwed on her final paycheck. She’ll have to harass him for it, maybe pester his Uncle the Owner... But that wouldn’t be moving forward, would it? Here, it’s an open door, and it’s time to close the one on Lenny the Nephew.
She brightens again, “So you guys flying yet?”
Devin does the low slow delivery, “Oh... Yeah...”
“You bet,” Stevo swallows and reaches for the cracker box, “Got them charging again now. We’ll see how long it takes on the quick charge,” he bites a couple of crackers and sucks in the crumbs, “The ones in the docks still haven’t even first-charged yet.”
“I gotta check my clothes. You guys should wash some stuff too. Your other jeans are trashed.”
She walks through the back door of the farmhouse and the dryer is still running, so she goes into the front room and gazes out the window that she had earlier looked through from the outside.
Finally the dryer beeps.
 Huh. Six and a half minutes slow. It’s another analog dial with a mystery sweet spot. Gotta try for exactly sixty minutes. She giggles, it will be a tough one. Next time, she’ll put the red dot on the dial well below the painted sixty mark, and if she gets it close she’ll stick on a marked piece of tape, for greater accuracy.
The silliness of it all makes it feel like home.

~ ~~ ~~~ ~~ ~

The farm starts its new life, and so do the characters. It’s a hopeful fresh start for her, fruitful exciting drudgery for the boys. Their sense of time includes the future, making it easier for them to move forward, and less obnoxious when they have to. It’s easier for them to push through ‘washing the dishes’ because they’re already looking forward to the next meal. It’s a nice place where they are, but it’s a bubble. Soon Stevo and Devin will have to go back to their lives, and Tacy needs to fill some holes in her new beginning.
21~ Mastery 
“Ow.” She has tossed another pebble that bounces off of Devin’s headband-visored head.
“Set me up,” she pleads.
She spies a knot from a knothole. It’s disk-shaped with two opposing points and she knows she can get a good spin on it.
He is patiently telling her, “In just a... Ow! Okay. Jeeze.”
“But watch this first!” Stevo sidles closer, bending a little with slight head jerks to keep his headband visor pointed toward his dancing copter. His forearms are up, hands holding cylinders of air, knees bent and working back and forth with each other. She can see his eyebrows working furiously. “Watch! I’ll get it to do pitch flips.” His voice is strained and jerky.
Devin grounds his copter and slides his visor up on his forehead, “That’s easy stuff.” But he laughs and admires his friend’s stunt before picking up his copter to charge it. He tells Tacy, “VR is tough. My whole face aches.”
Seems pretty basic, she thinks, but she knows that it can’t be that easy. She grimly nods, ready to slog through and figure it out.
Devin says, “So normally you fly with a controller, or sometimes your phone, right?”
She squints at him, “Or a really fancy console with sweeping views and a great cup holder.”
“Unifly spoiled us,” Stevo says. He plays his drone around a post. “I haven’t gamed at home in... I don’t know how long.”
Devin continues his lecture, “But these VR... headbands,” Or is it a visor? “Bring it inside your head. For the system you only need to shift your gaze and move the little muscles of your face. To fly you move your hands like normal and rudder with your knees. It feels like... nothing. And you’re free to just... fly. Like it’s a dance.” After you get buffed-up for the workout.
How poetic. She touches his arm so he’ll pause, lingering on what he’s said. Then she realizes the contact is a delightful electric spark and leans away to go on. “I’ve read the Manual,” she squints and skews pursed lips, “The first step is calibration and signal training? Then you can just fly?”
“Then you go through the tutorials,” he dimples one cheek and shrugs. Unifly’s training modules are reliably good. There isn’t anything he can tell her that the tutorial won’t do better. No matter how much he wants to.
They’re at the back bench, which is now scattered with copters and fixed-wing planes. “I’ll get you started.” He sets his drone down and plugs it in, flips through the Manual’s Appendix to find the instructions for adding a newbie, and perches on a barstool in front of the Box Cooker’s control station.
One of the visor cubby LEDs turns blue and for fun Devin eyebrow-points for her to take it, then he shifts the corner of one eye and his cheek to indicate she should put it on. It’s VR control of reality, he laughs to himself.
When she unclicks the goggles from the Cooker, it’s receptacle light blinks three times then turns a dim steady amber. The wide strap adjusts on one side, and the wraparound feel tells her why the boys are calling it just a headband.
It’s already on, and the canned view mere centimeters in front of her eyes looks pretty much the same as it did before. Better, she notices, because nothing is dim, there are no dark corners. The bright afternoon sun is muted, just a little.
Then the predictably obnoxious ‘initialization’ begins.
Overlaid on her vision is a quietly excited narrator who instantly grates on her nerves. He has her make very specific face expressions, demonstrating them comically, then has her do knee and wrist exercises in very exact ways. His jokes are actually clever, and she relaxes.
The sound is good, but there’s no speakers. She lifts an edge of the strap and the sound doesn’t dim but starts jittering.
“Bone conduction or something,” Devin says.
“Hey!” Stevo calls from outside, “Romeo. We’ve got flying to do. Get your copter back and we’ll try out pairs... I get to choose the target.” He’s out of sight but his copter comes in and settles over Devin’s head close enough for the breeze to ruffle his white hair.
Stevo flies back out and plays with the cyclic pitch until his eyes feel like they’re crossing, then ups the transparency a notch and has the drone orbit while he practices how to see both his surroundings and the camera view at the same time.
Her tutorials start as soon as the system finishes calibrating. She figures out how to skip ahead, then how to choose her lesson. With a few, she steps through quickly. Others are tiring. Finally, a pleasant mid-Asian woman has her stretch and do the face/neck tense/relax conditioning routines that remind her of nervous ticks, then the simulated woman diplomatically makes her ‘go be in the world’ and the tutorial pauses itself.
She sees that Stevo and Devin have moved on to the fixed wings, and fly the edges of the field.
Whew. Tacy rubs her face briskly in the green air, swings her arms and rolls her neck, watches the head-banded boys frolic their craft, looking like blind men doing separate Thai Chi exercises.
She slides the insect control back on, and her breathing flares in anticipation of the Dumpy Gnat’s first flight. It’s fun to visualize.
After hovering and bouncing around a few times, she flies her quadcopter in Manual Assist toward Stevo, He deserves a little harassment, and funnels a dip to land a glancing blow on the top of his head. It misses slightly and the view skews away, and of course he doesn’t react. The copter is just a simulation overlaid upon reality. The augmentation is good, and she flies back to practice a few more hits.
Devin turns back to her for a second, but she’s just standing there, probably still finishing the tutorial’s mind-numbing introduction. I’ll have to show her how to skip ahead, but Stevo is on his ass, and it’s time to get flying.
What a face workout, she puts her pretend drone into its fake Auto setting and leads it back inside the barn while accessing the sensitivity controls, sliding reaction speed up a bit, narrowing the response band. She tries Manual Assist again and the simulated copter weaves and dodges. Take a breath... She gets it to smooth out. It’s time for a break.
But she can’t stop. The thing is so cool, both there in front of her eyes and at the same time a view from above. Of course it’s actually nowhere right now, but that will change. One thing at a time. For now.
With the Assist tweaked, the tiniest eye and cheek motions let her fly around herself and she tests the limits of the simulation.
The boys come in to recharge, and she laughs at their flushed excited faces.
“How’s the lessons treating you?” Stevo asks over-brightly.
“That one guy drones on and on,” she fibs.
Devin is still pumped up, “It’ll get better once you get to the simulator,” bouncing on the balls of his feet and rolling his neck.
She smiles. He’s so cute, and as wild in the sky as his friend.
They put everything on to charge, have the trainer sleep, and the boys go to sit in the back yard while Tacy makes tea for herself and brings out sodas for the boys.
She takes off her shoes and wiggles her toes in the feral grass. “What’s next? It all obviously works.”
“The Trainer does.”
“Really well, too,” Devin muses, “It’s not even a Cooker anymore.”
“It’s a box. We’re flying out of the Box,” says Stevo.
“For us, I mean. You need to figure out the big system,” she nods to where the bale corner would be if they could see it, “And then what?”
“We put on a show.”
“Yeah. We could travel around. Barnstorm it.”
“Cool. You’re right.”
She presses, “You wouldn’t keep pushing back? With your friends?”
That got ‘em to shut up.
“Or,” she turns suspiciously casual, “Go into business.” She lets it hang, meets Devin’s eyes.
He looks over to Stevo, “That is what we meant to do.”
“One of the many things,” Stevo counters.
“As our main thing, so we can afford to do the rest.”
“You guys want it all,” she observes, and her tone makes Devin look over and smile.
“‘And so far we are,’” quotes Stevo.
Devin enthuses, “Right at the start? Remember? We knew the Actions would play out, maybe flop.” A big smile takes over his face, “But they pulled it off. Now we can set ourselves up. Screw Unifly.” Wow, he realizes, I’m still pissed. The things Unifly tricked them into doing...
Tacy blinks at something she hadn’t seen in him before.
Stevo finally nods, “Sure. Stevin. Our company.”
“Stevin?” Tacy tilts her head.
“Stevo-Devin,” Stevo says.
“Not Devin-Stevo?”
“That would be Devo. It’s taken.”
Devin narrows his eyes. “We should make some money. Then we can play and do art.”
“This is a side of you we rarely see,” Stevo teases.
“The business part is fun,” Tacy says, “You can download templates from the SBA for a business plan. They’ve got spreadsheet wizards to make a budget, and the quickie prospectus is fill-in-the-blank. But first, you got to see if the name ‘Stevin’ is already taken, for a business name and a domain name.” She’s inspired, thinking furiously.
She’s ahead of us again. Devin looks at Stevo, “I think we have a business manager.”
“I think you’re right, partner.”
She looks up from her phone, “Hey. I googled it, and Stevin may be a go. Not for a web address, but we can add a word to it,” she looks down and types.
“Do you think she heard us?”
“She gets too busy.”
“And then we’ll smash everything and burn it,” Stevo says as a test to see if she’s listening.
“And the SBA is beta-ing a new app... It’s interview-based,” she looks up for a second and sparkles, “my business partners,” and continues on her phone, “Looks like setting up an S-corporation is the way to go. They got links for that, after we smash and burn.”
“Looks like we’re in business,” says Stevo.
“Gettin there,” Devin nods.
She looks up at them again, “How about calling it ‘Independent Drone Services.’ IDS.”
“Sounds like a disease.”
“I know! People will remember it.”
“For the wrong things.”
“Big pharma will start spamming us.”
They wander back inside the barn, “Let’s fly,” she says, and heads to the Box Cooker for a headband.
Devin looks to Stevo, “Can we pair together if we all stay in Training mode?”
She goes to unplug a copter, “No. Let’s fly for real! Can you log me in? Show me how.”
The boys rubberneck between her and each other.
“She needs the simulator first,” Devin tells Stevo.
“Even then, she needs to get through the Field Controls section at least.”
“Directed Auto would work, if this system has it.” Devin nods in her direction, “She could handle it. She’s been up for everything else.”
“I’m ready to fly,” she tells them, “After all... What could happen?” It’s a playful challenge. “How do I get on?” With copter in one hand she’s looking through the control station’s menus with the other.
The boys shrug at each other. Nothing for it.
“Gotta pair it, kinda like a Bluetooth...”
“Okay I see it. And initialize? There. It takes a while...” She looks over at them, “Hey, you guys better get ready. This thing looks like it’s working.” She shoos them off to the charging corner.
Stevo asides to Devin, “What are we unleashing on the world?”
“I like it.”
“I know.”
If they weren’t so busy, Stevo would try to give Devin a wedgie, but Tacy’s copter is already hovering and bouncing, clearly wanting to go outside. If they don’t get moving she might fly it over and start pestering them with it.
Devin puffs out a breath, “Holy crap.”
“Yeah. We better get going.”
“After her or away from her?”
“Whatever we can get away with.”
Tacy keeps her copter doing figures near the wide doorway while she unsteadily walks out behind the barn.
“Hey! You in there!” her voice commands from outside, “Get up in the air!”
Stevo flashes a desperate look to his friend while his copter initializes, “We gotta get on top of this.”
They fly out briskly, Stevo on point, Devin higher to the side as wingman. Stevo uses Point of Defense, but she skitters away. “Crowbar,” whispers Devin, and they fly side-by-side, ready to skew their approach, but Tacy angles in and crowds between them, freaking Devin into doing a spinback, and she turns and hounds him until he’s trapped down on the deck. Then she zooms away while Stevo is still trying to catch up.
“Dude! She literally flew rings around you.” Stevo circles while Devin regains altitude.
“And you were where?”
“Trying to get there, but you lost it too quick. You were letting her ride your avoidance.” The trainers have very good collision avoidance.
“Like you’d do better.” Devin has regained his airspace.
“Hey, where is she now?”
“I don’t know. She was... Wow!
“Where did you come from?” Manual flight is keeping Stevo too busy to look through his camera view at her.
Tacy cackles, “This should look familiar...”
Devin laughs. It’s a solo version of one of their performance entrances. “And at the end, we fly away into the sun.”
“You got it.” Her visor darkens when she looks up at her target.
Then they are down for recharging.
“My face hurts.” Devin rubs his face briskly with both palms.
“Yeah,” Stevo absently massages his forehead.
“Wusses. You move too much. Tune it in. You move around too much.”
“And now she’s giving us flight advice.”
“Which we should take.”
“And apparently you like flying. How much have you done before?”
“Few times at birthday parties and friend’s houses.”
“And?” Stevo waits without expression.
“That’s about it. Just the small crummy ones.” She gazes at the barn, “Nothing even close to this... Even without the VR.”
Devin leans in, “Why are you so good then?”
“I don’t know...” her voice goes up and trails off. “Some things are easy...” She’s smaller for a second, then collects herself, “Why do you guys move your arms and legs around so much? When you fly.”
“Get better control,” Devin nods confidently.
“Of what? You do it all with your face, right?”
“Uhh... No? You gotta work the cyclic, collective and throttle, and the pedals.”
“Yeah, with your cheeks and your eyes. I like it,” she pats her cheeks, “Gives a nice glow.”
“You do all that with your face?”
“Don’t you?”
“Not flying Manual,” Devin puffs up.
“Do it Manual Assist. You don’t have to work so hard.”
Stevo grouses, “Assist is for babies. Not real flying.”
“So I didn’t really fly the pants off of you?”
“Uhh...”
“You guys should try it. It’s way easier when you and the machine work together. And you won’t look so goofy dancing around with your arms up.”
“Manual Assist,” Devin says to himself, “I don’t think our consoles even have that.”
Then the boys tell stories about their Manual flights and favorite Path-controlled ones.
They freeze at the voice from behind them, “Well, Steven. Haven’t seen you here in a while.”

~ ~~ ~~~ ~~ ~

We get to see Devin taking charge of a few things. He’s good at staying on track and figuring out the technical details. Stevo lets him because it would be stupid not to. Meanwhile, Tacy (she is NOT my favorite character) is zooming ahead of them on all fronts. Since she doesn’t know any different, she uses a powerful new feature that the ‘old school’ boys don’t know about, which shows how tech geniuses one week aren’t so smart the next week if they don’t keep up with the continual changes we live in.
22~ Exposure 
Jason is stocky and compact, young for his age. He’s circumspect about his high-flying career, forced retirement, and failed pension. What is there to talk about? When his career fell apart he had a choice of wasting his savings on lawyers or investing in the family farm, and he chose to buy his brothers and sister out, forget the past, and become a rural citizen. Ten years later, it’s still been a good choice.
Myra was still there when he and Nancy took over their third-generation family home, and when her children left, she did too. The ‘neighborhood’ felt empty, especially for his wife. This sudden appearance of her nephew and his friends is curious, but Steven’s a good boy, and maybe things will liven up again.
But the boy’s friends? The little towheaded boy and his girlfriend are something else. He watched the three sit and talk as he strolled into the back yard. They’re happy about some tech thing, must be some new gadget for their phones. He stops and lets himself just look before announcing himself, and they all seem okay.
It’s a chuckle to see them jump when he says, “Well, Steven. Haven’t seen you here in a while.” Young people are so guilty about everything.
When they all turn he sees them better.
Holy Jesus, he officially calls in higher help, What do we have here. A bald girl like that old rock singer, or V-ger on the Star Trek Movie. How unkind, he chides himself. She’s obviously a cancer girl. Looks healthy enough. Lord’s blessings on her. And that Steven. The boy’s sprouting up.
He thinks over what they had been talking about and is again sure he’d heard it right. Steven and that little white boy were clearly talking about doing those drone stunts on all the news. Not just watching them. What he saw through the trees fit in, too. Really nice equipment, for toys. And I ought to know.
“So, you’re visiting for a few days,” Jason holds down a laugh at the three deer-in-the-headlight faces. To help them relax he dials up the homespun ‘neighborly’ approach, saying nice things and shaking hands.
But then he smiles and tilts his head toward the open barn doors and walks that way, grinning wider when he hears a gasp and whispers behind him.
They’ve set up impressive equipment inside, and the small helicopters and airplanes sitting on the workbench tell the story. They’re out here to fly their remote-control drones, and a fallow farm is a good place to do it.
But there’s a heavy wheeled cart that looks like a steamer trunk with a computer inside. He can tell at first glance that it’s a control station, and it’s clearly too expensive for any of these kids to be able to afford. Give me strength. There’s something going on.
“Out here flyin’ your drones?” He tries to not sound suspicious.
“Uh, yeah?” Stevo wants to stand in front of the Box Cooker, but the man has already seen it. He can’t possibly know what it is... But Jason used to be an aircraft company engineer or something. Probably a pilot, too. Stevo’s mind races around in circles of fear.
Jason sees that he won’t get anywhere close to the truth unless he backs off, so he plays the disinterested country rustic. His dad said they were on a Senior Campout or something, but what he sees doesn’t match up. These things are too nice, and the kids are too nervous about it.
Maybe they borrowed the drone system? Are they bringing it back from their field trip and stopped off to play with it? That seems likely. They’d get in trouble with their school if he raised a fuss, so Jason turns away as if it doesn’t matter.
“Well, it’s nice to see somebody visiting Myra’s old place,” Jason walks away to stand and gaze out at the tumbledown farmyard. “It’s a shame to see a place go empty.”
Tacy steps next to him, “This is a nice place. I really like it.”
Jason angles a look down at her, “You’re the one might be staying around?”
She puffs her round cheeks and blows out a breath, lips flapping. “If I can... But I don’t have a car, and this is so far away from everything...”
“That it is.” Being out and away from ‘everything’ is the reason family farms are falling down. “Well... Tacy? You need anything, just walk across the road. Don’t mind the dogs. Barker doesn’t have any teeth left and your only danger from Mutt is being licked to death. Nancy would be happy to meet you.”
He thinks over the news stories. The high school kids had gotten the big corporation to immediately fess up, which was both surprising and gratifying, especially considering what had happed between him and his own big flight corporation, and now these kids show up with fancy equipment. They must be taking advantage of the situation.
It’s hard to believe, but then, that news story was hard to believe.
Jason says, “Saw your flights on the news. You boys are real talented... I hope that wasn’t you bothering that poor woman...”
The boys are shocked where they stand. How much has he figured out?
Tacy takes over, “They’re the ones with the swarms of little fliers,” and looks theatrically off to the distance, “They created the famous Knot.”
“I knew it,” Jason nods, looks over at the boys, “That’s a good one.” No wonder the kids are so wound tight. But what about their fancy toys? Are they stolen? He needs to tease that out of them.
He tries to get the boys to talk about their school club, but mistakenly mentions Unifly and they stumble all over themselves trying to not talk about it.
Jason gets back onto safer ground, “Well, Tacy, looks like you’re already making a difference,” he looks around at the cleared area, pointedly ignoring the shiny expensive equipment, then admires the ugly van. “Steven, your daddy’s van is still looking as good as it ever did.”
The boy corrects, “Uh, it’s Stevo,” his voice low and tentative. “Yeah. It’s still just only slightly scary.” He hopes that the man is finally starting to wind down. He tries the Jedi mind trick: These aren’t the drones you’re looking for. Move along home, now. Move along.
“That straw,” Jason starts examining the piled bales that have clearly just been moved, “Sure isn’t doing anybody any good, taking up space in here...” He wanders over to the edge of the pile, estimating if they would be just one trailer load, and if they would clog up the manure spreader...
He stops. Sees enough to walk back for a better look, follows the trampled path to the gap between the bales and the wall of the barn.
I knew it, Lord, even though he hadn’t, until now.
He turns to them, concerned, “You kids in trouble here?”
Devin doesn’t know where it comes from, but he replies instantly, “We’re scavengers? We lucked out? For a peace offering, Unifly gave us all these parts?” He waves his pale hand dismissively at the trainer, its aircraft, and the accompanying pile of large boxes.
“We’re taking them back to our school,” Stevo chips in, still unsettled, and distracted. How much did he hear us saying? He can’t remember all the things he and his friends had been talking about.
Devin keeps up his story. “We have to make two trips, so... We thought they’d be safe enough here,” he finishes lamely, “If we kept them out of sight... So they’re safe?” Stop talking!
Jason puts up a jocular front, but Stevo sees a funny glint in his eye, “Well, good thing you got Tacy here to watch over things, ” he turns to her, “Tacy, you come by any time. I’m sure Nancy would love to meet you...”
He sounds like he doesn’t care, that maybe he swallowed Devin’s story, but she notices his eyes never stop studying the copters, the open trainer, all the mini copters and planes on display, all the boxes.
“....She gets pretty desperate with only me and the animals for company,” he is telling her.
Stevo knows that last statement isn’t true. His mom has said that Nancy is so social with church and friends that she’s sometimes hardly ever home.
No matter.
To their relief, Jason ambles to the open doorway, “This is very interesting,” he tells them, thoughtfully serious, “I might stop back later, but, well, you boys have a safe trip back home tomorrow.” He slides a neatly folded paper out of his shirt pocket and hands it to Tacy. “Here’s some contact numbers you might find handy. Nancy’s and mine are circled and you make sure to call if you need anything. Might not reach Nancy right away, but she’s good about calling back. You be sure to come over and visit, and she’ll smoosh you with kindness.” He chuckles at the private joke.
They watch him amble away, slow and steady.
“Whew. At least we didn’t get caught or anything,” Stevo says sourly.
“Yeah, that was close,” Devin mocks reality.
“So what do we do now?” Tacy is downcast, which doesn’t sit well on her face. “So he only half-knows and is friendly?”
“The guy was an aerospace engineer,” says Stevo, “We didn’t fool anybody.”
Tacy gives it a big sigh. “At least he was nice about it.” How much does he know? Maybe he doesn’t care? Fat chance. “Nice ad-lib, by the way,” she tells Devin.
“I bet he’s talking to Dad. Right now. And he already knew we had to be back tomorrow,” Stevo looks at Tacy, “And that you were staying here. Had a note all ready for you.”
They look forlornly at each other. She looks at the paper. It’s handwritten so neatly it could have been made on a printer.
“We need to leave,” she says lowly.
“We gotta Bug-Out,” Devin is dour, still struggling with the inevitable. “What do we take?”
“The Training Cube and as many copters as we can fit inside? And that box we haven’t unpacked yet.”
“Will it fit?”
Stevo sighs, mentally rolling up his sleeves, “We better find out.”
“And where are we taking them?” asks Tacy, now getting really concerned. Is this falling apart already? Life sucks.
“Marcus’s shop?”
“That’s his Dad’s.”
“Nate. Or his brother? Don’t they have a big place on the edge of town?”
Stevo complains, “He’ll want a piece of the action.”
“Better than no action,” Devin counters, weakly.
“We should get a storage unit,” suggests Tacy.
“What’s the ‘we?’” Devin turns to her, “You should stay out of it. Stay here, and...”
“I am not bailing, or getting bailed on.” Abandoned.
“You got caught in the middle. Stay here and tell ‘em a story. That we ran and headed east. You hitched along and we said you could stay, never told you what was going on. You’re a victim.”
It’s the absolute wrong word to say.
“I’m not a victim,” she flames instantly, then ices them, “And I Don’t Bail.”
“But we need...”
“I Don’t Bail.”
“....someone here to throw them off the track.”
She glares, unfocused, beyond speech.
Stevo stands and waits, letting her fire die down.
“We need you to cover our tracks,” he states, no discussion.
“I’m not bailing.” She glares between the two, then down at the ground. “Besides, with your plan, you’ll be leaving tracks all over the place.” She looks up but not at them, “Maybe you should just leave it all here. Go home all innocent. Cut your losses,” she squints at them, “I can play stupid, we can work up some story...”
“We,” Stevo moves his finger between himself and Devin, “Did this. We stole those copters, and... all this stuff.” He looks with painful longing back to the corner. “You’re not responsible. We got you sucked into it, so...”
“Call your friends at the club for help.” She says it flatly.
“We lied to them, and took off. To grab these,” Devin lingers over the beautiful Cooker that they had used only once. Well, twice. Is it still the same day?
“So you messed up. Tell them. Suck it up.”
“Yeah. We’ll get caught either way.” Stevo nods to himself, digesting the idea. “We just have to decide how we go out.”
“How we go down,” corrects Devin.
“That’s the spirit,” Tacy sneers, but shifts forward, “You could make it Club property. A donation to the cause. Looks like The Club is already flying rings around ol’ Unifly. Hit them now with a little competition. You’d be heroes.”
“But what about Stevin?”
“Devo.”
“IDS.”
“It was our plan.”
“Things change,” Tacy pulls in her mouth and looks around, “We gotta get loadin’.” She’s just decided, “I’ll have your back, here on the home front. Take what you can, give it to your friends. I’ll keep the Training stuff here, and what you can’t take.” The trainer looks like a steamer trunk from the old movies. Does the farmhouse have an attic? Surely a basement. If only they had some travel stickers to put on it for camouflage...
They unplug the trainers and get them into their cubbies, shut the system down and squeeze in the chargers and manuals.
The Box Cooker looks much smaller when it’s closed up.
“Should we take it?” Devin asks Stevo.
“It stays,” insists Tacy. She wants it as much as she wants the farm. Will I lose it all? Again? Everything keeps falling apart, but maybe some of it can be saved? I’m crazy in yet a new way, she growls to herself.
The boys get the van in position, discover that they have to unload the unpacking trash, and both start wondering how incredibly stupid they are being while they grumble darkly to each other and lift in the plywood wall.
They carry out half of the swarm drones, decide they can fit more in if they load the loose Shadowfly boxes instead of the big unpacked one, and the van quickly fills. There is a lot of stuff left behind.
Stevo stands facing the trash pile, defeated.
“Don’t look at that,” Tacy commands, “I’ll deal with it.” Or not...
“We gotta get going,” Devin’s voice strains higher.
Stevo snorts, turns away and sings, “On the road again...” going on until he loses the words.
“....Right when it got real good...” Devin sings the finish.
Tacy tries out the story she’ll tell, “I’ll say ‘I found all this stuff at a yard sale.’”
“No, say ‘A friend left this stuff here,’” Stevo says.
“And you’re the friend?” She squints at him.
“They were a friend of Aunt Myra’s. You can never track those people down.”
Tacy expands her story, “I heard him say he was driving to Canada. I think.”
“That bad memory of yours. Hard to tell what really happened.”
“We gotta go,” Devin frets.
“Well, it’s been nice,” Tacy says sadly, only half-acting. She turns, grumbles disdainfully at the mess inside, “That was one bunch of someday working really cool stuff.”
“My words exactly,” Stevo closes the rear doors. “Remember. We lied to you. You never did figure out what we were doing. Till after we left.”
“For Canada,” Devin adds. 
“Don’t make strangers of yourselves,” she pouts.
“I thought that was the point.”
“Well, save what you can. It’s still a good idea.”
The boys look at each other, both feeling like they’re being really stupid. Missing something.

~ ~~ ~~~ ~~ ~

It’s all falling apart, but what did you expect? At least our (anti)heroes accomplished their goals, both Club and personal, and got to enjoy the fruit of their ill-gotten prize on one fine day.  Now, it’s chaos. They have to think on the fly, juggle between bad choices. No wonder they’re panicking - but they don’t know they’re panicking. Imagine Tacy facing yet another cliff, this time surrounded by evidence. And the boys. They’re clinging to their booty, but why? What are they going to do with it? Spread it all over the place? Actually go to Canada? Argentina?
23~ Affirmation 
They sit, buckling up while the big doors grind closed behind the van.
“We’re being stupid.”
“Yeah, I know. What else could we do?”
“We’re dumping it in her lap.”
“Not all of it. And she’s safer here without us.”
Devin turns to face Stevo, bracing a hand on the engine cover, “Our stuff is getting scattered, and she’s sittin’ on it from both capers.”
“She’s a bystander. And we haven’t scattered yet,” Stevo is hunched down, scowling, starts the engine, “Where are we going?”
“Outta here... But...”
“I know. You think we should take her with us. She decided to stay, remember? And she wanted the trainer. That’s on her head.”
“And the copters, and all the boxes and crap, with the shipping labels.”
“I say we call Marcus. He’ll know a place we can use.”
“But his dad. We can’t go anywhere near that guy.”
“We should get a storage unit. Or find an old barn.”
“Tonight?”
“Hey, it’s a process. We lay low, score something at the crack of dawn, then check in late at school all clean and innocent.”
“We’re not clean, and nobody’s innocent.”
“Look, we’ll make it hard to figure out, and with all the other stuff Unifly has going on, we slip through the cracks.”
“We’re spreading clues all over the place.”
“Now you think we should stay here?” Stevo puts it in gear, “We gotta go. We’ll talk about it on the way.”
A familiar pickup pulls in the drive, rolls on back, and stops in front of them.
“It’s Jason.”
“He said he’d come back...”
“Least it’s not the cops.”
“Yet,” Devin wails, “He’s boxed us in. We’re trapped until they get here.” He unclicks his seat belt and the loose end flies into its retractor, snapping against the doorpost along the way.
Stevo winces and thinks about his dad telling him not to let it do that. But that’s the least of our problems. He turns the key off.
Devin starts to get out, “I gotta warn Tacy.”
The pickup’s diesel idles, they can’t see inside.
“Let’s go talk to him,” Stevo unclicks his belt and unconsciously guides the end into its holder, hesitates to open his door, but Devin is already stepping down.
The diesel pickup shuts down, its lights turn off, its door pops open.
Jason gets out, unreadable in the gloom. The chill air settles as the boys go to meet their fate.
The man walks to them, snorting a quiet laugh and wearing a crooked grin. Oh you kids. The smarter they are, the sillier they are.
“What in the world are you kids doing.” It’s a statement.
Neither boy answers.
“Are you... taking off?” He’s now concerned.
“We gotta get home,” Stevo can’t meet his eye.
“Yeah,” adds Devin, “Back to school and all?” His internal, Crap, crap, crap, makes him sound insincere, not helping their case.
Oh honestly, Tacy has come out and has had time to size up the situation. “Yes, of course they’re taking off. To deliver some of their... uh, club stuff.
Jason just stands there, head now tilted, smile still crooked, slightly shaking his head as if in admiration.
Devin is next to Stevo with Tacy on the other side. They glance to each other.
Tacy drops the pretense. “Yes. They’re taking off. After you saw all their... club stuff. They haven’t settled it out yet... and you made us nervous. We decided to speed up our... distribution.” Did I just say that? It sounds like they’re doing a drug deal. “Our giveaway. From Unifly.”
Jason smiles widely at this, as if saying cut the crap. “But you’ll go home. Soon?” He leans his forehead toward Stevo, “Don’t get into more trouble... If you can help it,” and gets thoughtful. “When I talked with your Daddy today, he didn’t mention anything like this. Just as well.” He’s such a lame hippy. At least his son is showing some spunk. He nods levelly at Stevo, “You might not wanta spread your trouble around.”
“Well, we...” Stevo doesn’t know what he can say.
“I know, sort of. Least as much as I want to,” Jason chuckles to himself, “It’s already too much for ‘Plausible Deniability.’” He widens his chuckle to a laugh as he walks back to peer in the side windows of the van but can’t see in, so goes back and opens a rear door then stands there looking casually inside. Yep. Those are the same type as the ones in those videos.
The three perps cluster together behind him, their guilt warming the air.
He turns to them and settles his stocky frame, tries to look reassuring. 
“Oh my, those stunts your club pulled. You found a new way to stick it to the man,” he chuckles, shakes his head in admiration, then eyes the three to see if they’ve calmed down. He’s not so sure of the little one. “You won’t teach that Unifly a lesson, you know that? Not in the long run.” He lightens up with a small smile, “But it’s sure fun to watch you try.”
Stevo has an urge to say thank you, but he’s too freaked out. What is this guy up to? He gets the feeling that the cops are not on the way. But... What now?
“And you, young lady,” Jason gives her a friendly gaze, “You’ll stay, regardless.” He’s back to making statements. His look tells her that welcome is always there. You are God’s child. “You can come over and stay with us if things get too hot,” he quickly looks at Stevo, “But they won’t. Not from me.”
Stevo says softly to himself, “Well, this is a relief.”
Jason tells them, “I see you kids standing up,” and laughs, “A bit misguided, but I hope you make it.” He breathes out the words, almost inaudibly, “I tried once, but it was a lost cause.”
When the three don’t say anything, he finishes, “Just make sure you give it your best. Fighting a corporation is a long-haul job. They never give up, so you can’t either.” The fire in his eye dims to just a glow, but there’s hope there that it will be fanned again. 
He relaxes. Stevo, Devin, and Tacy are at loose ends.
“Guess I spooked you pretty good,” Jason turns bashful.
“I’m still a little spooky,” Stevo is recovering.
Tacy beams her round smile at the man, “Thank you... For the reality therapy.” She checks on Devin and bumps against Stevo, “These guys were getting too cocky.” Her face opens to him, “And thank you for being so...” Nice? “Welcoming.”
Her gushing warmth makes the man uncomfortable. He turns back to the task at hand. “Guess I caused you to mess up your system. How about I help put it back together again.” He opens the other back door of the van, chuckles, “You boys sure did panic. Sorry about that, but what in the world did you think you were going to do?”
“We didn’t know,” Stevo stands next to him. One of the boxes had fallen against a copter and he winces at the visible dent. “We were talking about it when you drove up.”
“Saw you doing something, had a hunch I’d better head you off.”
Devin has recovered and comes over, “So you don’t mind... what we’re doing?”
“Oh I mind,” the man jokes, “But not very much.” He decides to go easy on the boy. “Nah, I was just kidding. Look, ya gotta know, I’ve had my own run-ins with big corporations. Deck was stacked even before I started, so of course I lost... my pension, thirty years hard work. I see you kids getting ahead of the game and it inspires me.” His eyes twinkle at the boy still shrinking back, “Don’t worry son, I’m on your side.”
“He was born worrying,” Stevo bumps his friend, “So don’t worry about it.”
“And with that,” Tacy monotones, “Let’s put things back together. I’ll go open the doors. Anybody want tea? Sodas? Bad coffee?”
They’re all thirsty, she bounces away, they look after her.
“What’s her story?” Bless that special one.
“We’re still trying to figure that out.”
“She’s a genius.”
With the big doors slid apart, Stevo backs in, they put the boxes back in a stack, gingerly carry the copters back to their ‘hidden’ room. Stevo worries over the dented one, but it’s fine.
“There’s just nothing to these things,” Jason marvels, “It’s all modular.” He looks underneath,” how long can this thing stay in the air?”
“We don’t know,” says Devin, “In a swarm they rotate out by themselves. Fresh ones come in. We can’t even reprogram that from our consoles.”
“And this,” he cradles the drone, “is one of the ones in the videos?”
“Yes, sir.” Stevo squints, “I could tell you more, if you want.”
“I know too much already,” Jason chuckles.
They empty the van.
“We’re getting really good at this,” Stevo says.
“Too good,” says Devin.
They open the Box Cooker and plug it in so Jason can see it. He’s very interested and Devin gets him the barstool so he can sit for a better look.
“This is a well designed piece of equipment.” Jason looks in the cubbies, reads the control program’s Info page, looks at a few dropdown menus. “Parts of this system look familiar.” He tries a few menu choices, muttering to himself, then cancels them out to the home screen and turns with a smile. “Looks like a clone of an ATC system. One of our factories used a flight system kind of like this...” he snorts, “‘Our factories.’ Listen to me...” he laughs at himself, “The airport at my last employer used a cruder version of what this thing does. Without the drone controls of course.”
“So, you built airplanes?” Devin is at his elbow.
“Parts of them. Systems engineer, twenty-nine and three-quarter years.”
Jason isn’t quite ready to leave. “I brought something by to show you.” Thank the Lord for bringing me back just in time, before the boys had left.
It now seems anticlimactic to show off his model, but that’s what saved things. He was going to bring it over when he saw the boys getting ready to leave.
He walks to his truck and carries back a two-foot model of a sleek almost wingless aircraft with lines so perfect Stevo catches his breath. There’s a twinge of familiarity. The Delta Flyer from that old TV show, with X-wing starfighter spikiness.
“Just before they sold the company, squeezed us out, and our pensions disappeared we were working on the second generation of space plane.”
The boys gape at the model and Tacy has to touch it.
“For after the Shuttle?”
“Naw. Wheels turn slowly. This was before the shuttle. We started it after the moon landings, and that was the problem. The excitement went away from space and there was no money. We just worked on this in our spare time.”
“What was the first generation?”
“Military space planes. The Flying Bathtub. Kennedy killed `em. We had to go to the moon,” he pauses, remembering, “Guess it was worth it, though,” clearly unconvinced.
He hands over the model.
“This is slick,” Stevo turns it around so he can sight along it, “Did you ever build one?”
“Had a prototype. It’s gone now.” Jason sighs heavily then comes back into himself, gently takes the craft back so he can cradle it, similar to how he had done with the swarm copter. Huskily, he tells them, “You just make sure you go all the way with yours.”
His last afterthought is to call out to Tacy just before settling into his truck, “Once these boys get back to school, mind if I come over and fly the little drones around?”
“I was hoping you’d ask,” she tells him, “Be good to have someone decent to fly with.” She pointedly looks everywhere except at the boys.
“If you don’t call Nancy, or stop by, she’ll come looking for you,” he laughs, “Best keep that one away from your activities. She would not understand. You should come and visit tomorrow. We’ll have a midday dinner.”
“I’m hungry already.”
Jason is laughing until halfway home, when it occurs to him that he needs a cover story to tell Nancy why he was out so late. Something she’ll jump at believing. Back in his day they used to called it a smokescreen.
~ ~~ ~~~ ~~ ~
“Use a copter swarm to make heavy lifts,” suggests Stevo.
“Have a network of cables connecting them to the load,” Devin nods, imagining how it would work while it flies, “Make it a tensegrity structure, so all the loads are evenly distributed and it holds its shape.”
“Where do you get this shit?”
“I pay attention.”
“Right. From that Eddy guy.” Stevo walks behind the barn so the backdrop underneath his camera view is the garden. The Shadowfly VR glasses give a better view, but today he’s old-schooling it with the trainer’s VR headband. It’s crummier but less jittery.
Their future company is starting to take shape. They’ve been collecting ideas on how to ‘capture the market,’ and what to do with their drones once they have them working.
Around them the farm is waking up. The fallow field would be overrun with training drones if their Club friends had been there, but it’s too early for that. Wait until things quiet down. Right now they just talk with their Core friends about the Club’s stunning success and as little as possible about their trip.
Unifly is being smooth and quiet, after a confusing flurry of rumors, and for the moment the Club seems safe in its corner. Having the VR system sometimes makes it boring to fly the Club’s consoles, but the old system has advantages. They can run a Matrix of programmed flights, have extra control, give more attention to the cameras, run complex assignments instead of just playing games out over the field, which is also really fun.
The distant town is their goal today, and neither one thinks their little toy fixed-wing trainers will make it. But they’ll try, get as far as they can. The trick will be to know when to give up and turn back, to safely land before the juice runs out. Neither is very good at knowing when to stop.
###

~ ~~ ~~~ ~~ ~

Wow. I enjoyed fleshing-out this story. I wrote the first version of this road trip four years ago to help visualize a major plotline of the Drone Club series, and Tacy just sort of appeared and came along as well.   Here at the end, a devout man decides to go along with questionable characters because he has a similar grievance, and a kind heart. The ending with his smokescreen reminiscence is a spoof about how the Club had fooled Unifly in the first book, Drone Club Snipers, with smokescreen flights. It’s a play on how life repeats itself, with each time slightly different but the same. This kind of spinback also happens with the very last part between Stevo and Devin. It mirrors how the book began, and shows how some of the older tech still has a place among the new.

# # #
About Me
Thank you for reading my book!
If you enjoyed it, please take a moment to leave a review at your retailer, or go to my website at jamesjohn.com. I’d love to hear from you.
About the Author
I was the goofy kid who hid out at the library, and when I got tall enough I went out into the world to see what everybody was writing about. The military, then working as an EMT and nurse, caring for thousands of patients, has shown me that life is complicated and sometimes people say the funniest things.
I like good-hearted characters who stick up for what they think is right, and spontaneous in-the-moment action where people work together to sort it all out.
I currently live along the Front Range of Northern Colorado, going through life as we all are.
- - - jamesjohn

Also by This Author:
Drone Club Snipers
Drone Club Takeback
Drone Club Turnaround

Bubbles: when tech-magic gets loose

