


EARTH

By Jessica Frances

Published by Jessica Frances at Smashwords
Copyright ©2014 Jessica Frances

This is a work of fiction. Any resemblance of characters to persons, living or dead, is purely coincidental. The Author holds exclusive rights to this work. Unauthorized duplication is prohibited.

This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for the recipient. If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author. 
http://www.facebook.com/pages/Jessica-Frances-Author

Cover Design by MGBookcovers
Editing by C&D Editing

Earth– Book 1
Chapter 1
Marduke
Eugene, Oregon, United States of America

I’ve always wondered who I am because I honestly have no clue. I’m a son. I’m a brother. I’m competition. I’m the future. I’m also a coward. None of those tell me exactly who I am, though. 
My father, Sergii, is the leader of our home planet, Oden, and controls several planets as well. We are part of an elite group of families who are able to rule Oden. My brother and I were born because we must carry on with our family’s legacy by not only honouring our past, but also adding to our family successes with our own accomplishments. It is how it has always been and always will be. Any one of the twelve elite families can be elected to rule, but for over a century, it has been my family. We’ve been in charge for four generations now, and as my father demands of us, it is how it will remain for many generations to come. 
There is a reason we’ve been in charge for as long as we have. Only my family has been ruthless enough to acquire planets as we do. Only my family has led Oden to the successes we’ve had. Nine planets acquired in only a hundred twenty years, three of them under my father’s rule. 
I’ve never seen a problem with this. I’ve never cared about what we’ve done and continue to do. I’ve never even questioned what we take and claim without care. I haven’t once considered the way me and my brother, Ival, were raised might be thought of as harsh and wrong. It didn’t even occur to me to question being forced to mate with a female of my father’s choice. I think I might have even been told who that will be, but I’ve never paid attention to whom my future mate will be. It is going to happen when the time is right and that is all I’ve needed to know. 
I’ve long been taught there is no love in our world, only power and respect. It hasn’t been until my recon mission to Earth that I’ve begun to question things. 
We’ve found many planets in the near vicinity of Earth, but my father wants us to take this planet first. The natural resources and similar atmosphere to our own planet will be priceless to our future. 
Never before have we seen a planet so populated, even more so than our own. And the beauty and life here is astounding. I’m in awe of the manmade structures and natural wonders. So much time and effort has gone into making life on Earth fun. From the exotic foods to the entertainment box—a TV—which everyone appears to have in most rooms of their homes, to the thrill seeking pleasures that people take at every turn. Humans are so different to our own people and our culture because they have so many different highs and lows. 
I’ve also seen some horrible things on Earth, some truly awful and mindless tortures that I can’t understand at all. It shows me how ruthless humans can be. I see the horrors at their hospitals. How have they not found cures to all their diseases yet? 
While the humans have focused on building up their weapons for their governments, fighting each other and pumping out mindless entertainment, on Oden we have focused our energy on healing any illness that touches us, on perfecting our combat skills and fitness. We don’t work for money because we work in whatever class we’re given. We have zero crime and no animosity. It has never occurred to me that our people might want something more out of life, or that there is something different compared to the way we do things in the universe. 
Our people are generally placid and incredibly loyal to us. The two exceptions to being easy-going are probably my father and brother. They’re both power hungry and have only the goal of furthering Oden’s rule in the universe and making a legacy that will never be forgotten.
When my father decided to take Earth as our own, we had to change our usual way of obtaining a planet. For one, the humans pose a huge problem. The sheer number of them is daunting, but my father has a plan. We are going to take them all away from here, empty Earth so that we can control them on our own terms. It is for the best for not only us, but for the humans, too. They don’t know how to take care of a planet, and Earth is dying because of it. Really, we are rescuing this planet.
We aren’t usually a violent race and we have not come across a violent species in over a hundred years. Even then, the Claws were mindless creatures only after our blood. 
Humans are different. They look like us and have brains that can strategize and plan. If we attack too early or unprepared, we have a good chance of not only losing this fight, but also good people as well.
So I was sent here with my brother to breathe in this world. There are several of my people scattered amongst Earth, doing surveillance and research, however I have been stationed with my brother in the northern part of America on the west coast. 
This is my first visit to a planet that is not Oden or part of the nine we already own. Ival came here first and he has shown me the death and destruction that is being done to this beautiful planet. I have seen the pollution, destruction of forests, wars with each other, and the diseases that still ravish this place. 
He has shown me the weapons that have been created here just to kill. There are guns, bombs, deadly chemicals and other death machines. I am horrified at what we’ve found here. 
We’ve sent word back to my father and he’s started to prepare an army. Ival and the others have sent back data, maps and schematics on Earth’s weapons. He was able to gather most information needed just by hacking into a portable computer that connects to an invisible web. With the use of our own advanced technology, the human’s security proved weak, and within months, Ival had sent off everything he thought was needed to win this fight. He sent documents, recruitment videos and even theatrical movies. Everything went back to our people that had to do with defence strategies, previous wars, and all types of weapons.
Our people there have taken that information and modified our own defences so we can properly fight the humans. We know we will need to attack quickly, without warning, and we’ll need to cut off their communication to each other. Going dark will prevent them from forming any real plans against us. 
It will take us time to get this right, and unless Ival or I alert our father of a reason to speed the process up, we’re looking at an entire year on this planet before the invasion starts. 
I would be lying if I said I’m not feeling a little nervous. This will be my first hostile takeover and Oden’s first one in over a hundred years. Usually the planets we find that can be of use to us are either empty or the life there has little to no defence. This has the potential to be our greatest find and our biggest fight to date. Therefore, once the attack happens, Ival and I will hover above Earth to ensure our safety. We’ll wait until we get word that it is over, and then we will wait on Earth until Father arrives.
So Ival and I wait for our orders and continue to live on Earth, just biding our time until the attack happens and we can take over this planet. 
Months slowly drift by, and at first, I don’t want to leave the small apartment that Ival has acquired for us. I’m ashamed to say I am terrified of what I will find outside the walls that protect me. All my gathered knowledge has come from books Ival has brought back to the apartment or from the TV we have access to. But the walls begin to close in on me, the air feels too stagnate, and I’m lonely.
I’ve always kept to myself, rarely speaking or interacting with anyone back at home. This is different. I’m surrounded by nothing familiar and technology that I don’t fully understand. I’ve never gone so long without seeing someone other than my brother. Back home, I have my trainers, guards, and on occasion, I’ll see my mother.
Even Ival has grown sick of our confinements and left to explore, often disappearing for days or weeks at a time. 
I’ve felt hesitant to take that step outside the front door, though. I’ve even opened it up a few times and poked my head outside. There’s always strange vibrations coming from the place next door to us, a bass sound that moves to a beat. There is screaming from the other side; two humans yelling at each other, usually all night. Later, I’ll often hear other noises where the couple is making up with each other, sounds that I’m definitely embarrassed to be overhearing.
Back home I’m used to silence, but here on Earth, I rarely hear nothing. Not with the noisy neighbours and busy street down below us. I want to go someplace quiet, a place where no one else is around me. I need to get away from this apartment.
So one day, in late March, I do.
Opening one of the windows, I let the cold breeze enter the apartment and feel the light sprinkle of rain in the air. There are dark clouds overhead which suggest it will start to rain very soon.
I feel an excitement and adrenaline building up inside me as I decide today is the day I will go outside these walls. I open and close our door and use a physical key in my hand to lock it. It feels strange to have to manually lock it. Back on Oden, we have no such thing.
I make my way along the hallway, down the stairs, and as I step out onto the sidewalk, I’m almost run over by someone on a bicycle. The man yells abuse at me, shaking his fist in the air, before he turns around the corner and I hear a short scream, then more abuse from the same man. 
I stare around me, worried I’ve caused a scene and everyone will be staring. Will they know I’m not from here? That I’m not even from Earth? Have I made a huge mistake by coming out here?
My paranoia is unfounded, though, because everyone appears to be in a rush, and no one is sparing me any attention. Even given the early hour, there is heavy traffic on the road. We have nothing like a car back home. We have areas that we teleport to and there are zero exhaust fumes. Cars seem like a dangerous way to travel. 
In the distance to my left, I see trees and grasslands, so I head that way while careful not to run into anyone else. I keep my head down and pull awkwardly at my t-shirt. I don’t own anything warmer, and underneath, my argu is irritating me. It’s a family heirloom, one that is given to every reigning family. It looks something like a vest which is made of the strongest material known to the universe. It’s priceless, and when we are out on a mission, it is never to be removed. 
Ival and I both wear one, and my father and mother own the other two we have. Since we are the smallest family to rule, we have many spare argus. Even so, they have been locked away until needed by only our family. No one else is allowed to wear one—not our guards, not our trainers, and most definitely, not our people. If a time comes when our family is voted out of leadership, then we will give them up.
After months on this planet and never taking it off, I’m ready to destroy it. It’s not that it’s heavy or even all that warm. It’s just a constant pressure on me that is frustrating. 
This whole planet is annoying me. I want to go home. 
I enter the park to find it larger than I’ve imagined. I’m only a few steps in when the buzz of life outside already moves to the background. After several more steps in, it is almost gone. Instead, I hear the leaves rustling in the wind, the laughter of small children running on a strange looking contraption and sliding down over it. Parents mill around, cradling beverages in their hands, smiling and talking amongst themselves. It all looks so peaceful.
I move over to a bench, slightly damp from the wet air, and sit down to watch. I’m not noticed as I sit there for over an hour.
It’s then that my eyes are drawn away from the view in front of me to a woman jogging. I’m not sure why I can’t take my eyes off her. I lean forwards, my elbows resting on my knees as I take in everything I can about her. 
Her long, blonde hair is tied back away from her face, but a few strands have escaped to stick to her forehead and face where sweat has built up. Her skin is lightly tanned, her eyes a deep blue. Bluer than anything I’ve seen on any planet. Her body is fit with muscles that contract with every step she places on the ground. She’s tall—not as tall as me, but taller than most people I’ve seen walking along the streets. She wears headphones with wires attached to a small device strapped over her shoulder, which brings my attention back to her body again.
I’ve seen a lot of almost naked women since I’ve been on Earth, watching the TV—it appears unavoidable. To me, the fashion on this planet is strange and far more revealing than what is normal on Oden. I’ve found myself reacting to those images much as I imagine any man must, but none of those have made my heart race or have had me wanting to ever meet the women on the small monitor. 
I realise that this person jogging is the most beautiful woman I’ve ever seen. Not only does my body want her—which is evident when my legs bring me to stand and I take several steps towards her without actually meaning to move at all—but questions about this stranger suddenly bombard my mind.
What is her name? How does her voice sound? What does her smile look like? Does she have a mate? Is she as sweet as she appears? Why is she jogging alone? 
I force my feet to freeze, yet there is no hope convincing my gaze to move away from her. She hasn’t seen me staring, her concentration only on the worn trail in front of her. She moves along the slight bend, bringing her directly in line with where I am standing, although I’m still several feet from the trail. Then I get a view of her from behind as she passes me.
Her hair swings from side to side; some hair is glued to the back of her neck from sweat. There is a small, damp patch along her back and a gap between where her skin-tight t-shirt finishes and her shorts start, displaying the skin of her stomach. I have a forbidden urge to rip those shorts away from her and see her obviously perfectly formed ass without the obstacle of material. Her legs are long and I see new muscles bunching from the backs of her thighs and calves. Her legs lead my eyes back upwards, again landing on her delectable ass and then back up her back.
I can’t help myself now, running towards the same trail and following her. I need to see her, need to talk to her, and strangely, I worry that she shouldn’t be out here on her own. I’ve seen the death, violence and weapons this planet has and is capable of. I need to protect her, which doesn’t make sense to me since she is obviously human. I’m here to take this planet away from her.
Where are these urges coming from?
I stay close to her, though not so close she will notice me following her. I imagine speaking to her, wondering what I’d say. 
I have a language chip that has been implanted in my neck when I got here. I currently have access to ten Earth languages that are commonly spoken. Although Ival tells me that English is the most common in this place, I’ve never had to use it much. We’re not permitted to speak our own language at the risk of being overheard, but Ival and I don’t talk much to each other, so I’ve had very little chance to use this strange language. It has taken me months of watching TV to understand some of the slang and the correct way to pronounce words.
What if I mess up? What if I make a fool of myself? What if she knows I’m not from here?
I watch her disappear from my view behind a line of bushes, and as I round the corner, the girl suddenly steps out and crashes into me. 
She is strong, stronger than I would have thought possible, and even given my wide shoulders, sturdy body and years of training, I go down easily, hitting the ground hard and falling onto my back.
“Are you following me?” she demands of me. She wipes her forehead with one hand, removing the headphones with her other. Her eyes narrow on me as she stands over me so closely that I can’t stand up without needing to crawl back to get some room.
“No,” I croak out, my throat sore. I don’t think I’ve spoken in days. 
She crosses her arms over her chest. “It looks to me like you are. I noticed you staring at me earlier. Do you have something you want to say?” Her voice sounds off, like she has an accent that is different to what I’ve been hearing on the TV for the past few months.
I shake my head, not sure what I’m supposed to do. My heart is still racing, and I think I might be shaking. Not because I’m scared, but because I’m so nervous. I’m not sure I’ve ever felt nerves like this in my life.
“Are you here to run?” She stares down at my clothing and I look down at myself quickly too, wondering what she sees. Am I not in suitable clothing?
“Yes.” I’m grateful my voice sounds clearer this time.
“Are you capable of saying more than one word answers?” She removes her arms from her chest, and from this angle, I get a clear view of her breasts. It does the opposite to helping me get a clear understanding of what she’s saying.
“What is your name?” I ask, hoping it is customary to ask someone on this planet at a first meeting. I honestly just really need to know the name of this beautiful human in front of me.
“I don’t give out my name to strangers. Are you from somewhere else; your accent sounds off? French, maybe?” She takes a step back and allows me the opportunity to easily stand, which as soon as I think I’ll manage it and not fall over, I’ll try.
“I’m from France.” I nod, already allowing the French in my language chip to come forth. I haven’t spoken this language at all, but I will be capable if need be.
“Cool, I’ve always wanted to visit Europe. I think I’ll end up there after college if I get recruited.” Her gaze becomes unseeing as her mind drifts away from me.
“Recruited?”
“I play basketball. Are you just going to stay on the ground or what?” She gives me a small smile, one that appears to make my heart beat even faster. Maybe I’m having some form of allergic reaction to being outside? Maybe this atmosphere isn’t as alike as our own on Oden as we’ve thought. But then, why has Ival never mentioned this?
A beeping sound takes her attention off me and down to her watch, which she touches and it turns off. “Shit, I’m late. Maybe I’ll see you around?” She turns then jogs away, leaving me staring after her.
It’s long after she’s disappeared that I feel the freezing ground chilling my entire body, and another near miss with a runner coming around the corner not expecting me to be on the ground, that I get up to leave.
This has not been what I’ve expected to happen when I left the apartment.
I go back to my temporary home and let my mind wonder over the beautiful girl I’ve just spoken to. I’ve never reacted to someone like that before, not even on my own planet. It must be a one off or perhaps just the shock of a change of scenery. It could have been anyone I spoke to and I’d have reacted like that. I just spoke to a human, something I’ve never done before. That explains it.
So I decide to go back to the park tomorrow and hope to see that girl again, just to prove to myself that I am overreacting. But when I see her the next day, and the one after, and every day for an entire month, I realise that something is off with me.
I make sure I hide, ensuring that she doesn’t see me again. My heart beats furiously, my palms sweat, and watching her move causes my body to react to her. I want her badly. Additionally, after seeing and even speaking to several other human women around the area, I find it’s only her that causes this reaction in me.
One of the days I watch her jog, I follow her back to where she is staying. It’s on a campus, one crowded with young humans and tall buildings. I have watched her play a sport, one that I recognise is basketball. I see she is good at it and incredibly fit. She has a skill for the sport, and I see something inside her when she plays. I see how much she loves to play. She smiles, she laughs, she shows her determination; it astounds me. 
After the game, I notice her catching up with another female and male, laughing with them. She looks happy, and when she smiles, it seems impossible, but I swear she gets even more attractive. I love seeing her smile and suddenly hate the thought that it might ever go away. I want her to always smile, to always be happy.
There is something so alluring about her. Something about her that screams to me of love and life. I’ve not seen it on this planet before, but since I first spoke to her, I begin to see it in other places and faces. Suddenly, it appears everywhere. Love surrounds me, all different types. The girl speaks to my body and mind, however others speak to me differently. 
I watch a mother hugging her child tightly to her, a couple kissing on the sidewalk, and a stranger offering money to a homeless woman. I see laugher, smiles and squeals of excitement as I pass the campus that she is staying at. I recognize that there is more to this planet than Ival and I have realised, and that we’ve made a grave mistake to begin the process of taking it away from these people. 
They’re not all heartless. They’re not all evil. The thought of wiping the future smiles off her face, taking away her home and life that she has built for herself, is unacceptable to me. 
A heavy weight sits in my stomach as I make my way back to the apartment. The hinema, who will be sent out to take Earth, won’t be here for several months. Maybe I can convince my father that this might not be the correct thing to do. Maybe we should focus instead on educating humans and teaching them how to properly care for Earth. We could even use humans as allies and not create an enemy out of them.
I try to think of a way to word my request where my father might actually listen to me. There are the other planets close to Earth, ones we can claim and still sound successful to our people. This doesn’t have to be a failure for our family.
When I enter the apartment, Ival is already there, pacing. He looks angry. When I step through the door, his anger turns directly onto me.
“What is—?”
“How long have you known?” he demands of me, pushing me up against the wall and holding me there. He’s slipped back to our own language, something I’ve gone months without hearing.
“Known what?” I answer in English.
“What Father has planned for you? I’ve done everything he’s ever asked of me, and he wants you to lead? You’re weak! You’re nothing!” He pulls me forward and then quickly shoves me again, causing my head to painfully slam against the wall, making me feel dizzy.
“What do you mean? Me lead what?” I try to push him off me, but he twists my arm and holds it until the pressure feels unbearable, moving my body so my front now is against the wall, my arm twisted behind me.
“Don’t play stupid with me. I will take control of our legacy, even if it means I have to kill you myself.” With his free hand, he withdraws a knife and releases my sore arm to wrap his arm around my head, bringing the back of my head to lean against his shoulder as he holds the sharp knife to my exposed neck. “Goodbye—” 
Ival doesn’t get the chance to finish his words or kill me; we’re interrupted by the ground violently shaking beneath us. We both lose our balance and fall to the floor while screams of surprise and fear sound from the other apartments surrounding us and outside something loud crashes to the ground.
“What is happening?” I gasp, backing away from Ival while I have the chance. 
“This is the first sign that our army is arriving on Earth. It’s time to eliminate the humans as well as you, brother. You will be written off as a casualty of war,” Ival states while grinning.
“Eliminate? What? We’re not meant to take Earth for months,” I gasp, still crawling backwards and hoping to put some much needed distance between Ival and me.
“I told Father that we needed to act now. These humans don’t deserve this planet and they definitely don’t deserve to be taken to ours to live.”
“What does that mean?” I ask, my mind stuck on the words where he’s said the humans would be eliminated.
“I might have had them tweak the programming on the hinema. Any movement, any attack from the humans, and they will be killed.”
My mouth drops open in shock and my mind instantly changes to the girl I’ve felt obsessed with for over a month. She’s not supposed to die for this, no one was meant to be hurt; not physically anyway.
“We can’t murder the humans. They don’t deserve that.”
“They are draining this planet, and they will drain Oden if we take them all on. You had to realise we couldn’t take them all. You must have known this was the only solution there could be.”
The ground shakes again, and I use the distraction to get to my feet and sprint through the still open door, which I never got the chance to close after Ival pounced on me when I entered.
Ival unfortunately is right behind me, and in my panic I’ve run down the opposite way from the stairs. While there is a lift at this end, I don’t have time to wait for it. There is a large window looking out into the street below, three stories down, and without slowing down, I jump through it, feeling cuts that sting as the glass shatters. I fly through the air and land roughly on my feet below. 
People around gasp and stare at me in shock, but when I hear my brother’s feet landing behind me, I know he must have followed me out the window. I don’t stop to check if I’m injured, I just run. 
I move in the opposite direction of the park and from the campus because, even though my thoughts are completely scattered right now, I know that I don’t want Ival anywhere near that girl. I need to lose him first then find her and keep her safe. Then I need to somehow try to fix this mess that I’ve helped start.
Chapter 2
Mattie

The world as we know it is ending. 
I’ve always wondered what it was like at the beginning of time. I’ve had so many questions when I let myself ponder it. How did we come to be? How was the earth formed? How did we evolve to be who we are now? How is it that we revolve around the sun? What was the very first form of life? 
Many religions have their own answers to some of these, even science has answered a lot, yet there still is so much mystery. How is anything really possible? How can we truly exist? How did we survive through our ancestors who, when you look at history books, had to endure so much pain and misery? I feel astonishment and disbelief that we’ve all made it this far when I consider the past.
However, not once have I ever wondered about when the world would end. I’ve always felt like I was in the middle of the timeline, not near the end. Millions upon millions of years have happened; I’ve always assumed millions of years were still to come. 
I have had generations of my family leading up to me, and as much as I’ve never imagined or felt inclined to have children, I just assumed one day I would. Then they would have kids and so on, and I would die, but my family would continue. I’ve never thought I would be at the end of my bloodline. I’ve never imagined my family would end here with me. That humankind would end here.
I know it’s not like a light switch is about to go off. It won’t be one day we’re here, the next we’re not. We’ve still got time left on Earth, but we all know it’s coming to an end. It’s not a matter of years now, it’s possibly only weeks or days. 
Mum used to tell me that you always remember where you are for the important news in life. She was at a neighbour’s house, watching a speck of a TV, when man first landed on the moon. Their whole neighbourhood had turned up to watch the spectacular event.
Even though I was only four-years-old at the time, I still remember sitting on Mum and Dad’s bed listening to the small clock radio that Princess Diana had died. Mum sat next to me in shock and I tried to understand what it really meant. I also remember the day perfectly when I found out I had received a scholarship to go to an American college. Dad had raced into the gym, franticly looking for me. He had been a mixture of excited and nervous.
And now there is this news about the invasion. News I won’t ever forget, but I guess it won’t matter because soon there won’t be anyone left. When I found out we were being attacked, that we were being invaded and having to go to war against an unknown enemy, I was in my dorm room at the University of Oregon. 
We’d all felt the earthquake two days earlier. At first, it just seemed like a freak thing, especially since all around the world people were feeling them. Even now, we’re not sure what caused it. If it was the machines that were preparing to attack us, which did something that made the ground shake, or if somehow our planet was trying to warn us. Give us a heads up that something evil was coming. 
Either way, it doesn’t matter, not when we’re all about to die.
I had just finished my morning run when I walked back into my room and found Lisa, my roommate, crying. She was actually having a meltdown. Lisa tends to be a crier, but never before have I seen her so hysterical. I almost called out for help since I had no idea what was wrong when she pointed at the TV. 
The invasion had hit south first; Australia, New Zealand and Indonesia were among the first to go black. The reporter had been talking via satellite to someone in Australia when the picture went dark. Soon, all transmissions were lost and no one was able to contact to anyone in the southern hemisphere. Not even satellite images were able to pick up on anything. It was like there was something blocking its view, something all-encompassing and not possible.
I came into this just as the reporter was saying that Japan was sending out fighter jets to survey the area. We waited hours while a sick feeling built inside me. Then they reported that those fighter jets had gone missing, too. 
No one knew what was going on, but that didn’t matter to Lisa and me. We were both here in America on scholarships—mine for basketball and hers for lacrosse. I’m from Geelong in Victoria, Australia and Lisa is from Wellington, New Zealand. Basically, the day we found out about the invasion was the same day we knew our families were most likely dead. I tried to call home and sent out a hundred emails, but I couldn’t ever get through to them, didn’t get any replies. 
The last time I spoke to them was a few days ago on Skype. Everything had been fine, with my parents celebrating an anniversary. I was telling them how excited I was to come home for winter. Summer is my favourite season, but I’d gladly give up my American summer off to spend winter at home. I got a bonus summer when I went home for a couple of weeks over Christmas. 
I am only a month away from completing my first year at University, and now I never will finish. 
So while everyone went on high alert after things became very suspicious, it hasn’t been until Europe went dark yesterday that we’ve gotten the first image of what we are up against and confirmation that we are under attack. We saw a fifteen second clip of the machines that are attacking us. They’re not of this world; they are foreign and unnatural.
Even if it hadn’t been attacking us, if I’d just walked passed one in the street, it would have given me the creeps. 
It appears to be made of metal except it’s smooth, as if it has been sculptured, and there are no obvious lines or joints, almost as if it has skin. It is gigantic, easily as tall as a two-story building, and apart from the strange glowing light that I assume is an eye of some sort, there isn’t an obvious front or back to it. 
In the short video, we saw a man standing in front of the machine, bravely deciding to take it on. He shoots it using a regular handgun and the machine appears to absorb the bullets, which does not slow it down. In retaliation, however, it produces its own weapon. 
Shots of a glowing bullet fire out, and what I can only assume is an invisible wave of pressure pulses out as well because people in the background, ones running for their lives, are picked up with the blast and thrown about. Glass smashes and then the video stops.
We don’t get to see what happens next, and we have no idea how to stop it. 
Now, one day after Europe and two days after we’ve lost everyone in the southern hemisphere, it is our turn. South America has already gone dark and Canada has reported that their communications are being hacked. Talk from them has been spotty since. Perhaps they’re dark now; I don’t know. Our own devices are shorting out. My mobile phone has stopped working three hours ago and the TV in our dorm room is now only showing static. 
Everything is in chaos, and I know we only have, at best, days left. 
Humankind will be annihilated in days.
I can’t wrap my head around it. Maybe that is why I haven’t cried yet. Don’t get me wrong, I’m angry and scared and freaking out. Every unexpected sound I hear makes me cringe, expecting to see those evil things. Every thought that enters my mind is of my friends and family back home. A small part of me still hopes and believes that they’re okay. That I’ll be able to go back home and see Mum and Dad again. That I’ll be able to fight with my younger sister, Hannah. I don’t want to think about them hurt or dead… 
No, they’re fine. My family is fine. 
“Focus!” Sergeant Casper screams at me, and I snap my eyes forwards to stare at him. We’re still at the university where volunteers are being recruited to the football field and asked to help out against this attack.
I’m no soldier and definitely not ready for war, but I can’t sit in my dorm room waiting to die. I can’t sit and do nothing. Something inside me demands that I fight and that I at least die trying to save what is ours. 
Lisa isn’t feeling as patriotic as me, however I also refuse to leave her behind, so I’ve dragged her along. Our other friend, Hank, is a fighter, coming from a family of police officers, so with us both willing to fight and unwilling to leave Lisa behind, she has now suffered through a way too short handgun training session with us. 
There are many down on the field with us, more than I’ve expected. Most look to be in shock and afraid, but many have determination in their eyes.
“Are you listening to me?” A small amount of Sergeant Casper’s spit hits my face and I wince, only just managing to resist wiping it off straight away. 
“Yes, sir,” I mumble. It’s the best I can manage without either slapping him or breaking down and crying. 
He growls at me, but there isn’t time to argue. Perhaps if this had been a proper military and if he knew we weren’t all about to be killed in battle, he might have pressed me. Instead, he stalks away and down the line of women and men scared and frozen in place. As soon as his back is turned away, though, I wipe my face quickly. 
Thousands of military men and women like Sergeant Casper have been dispatched and dispersed throughout America. As soon as things became suspicious, they started the process of not only securing the President, but also other important people. They’ve scattered soldiers throughout America and dug into their reserves of weapons to prepare everyone.
So after half an hour of basic gun training, I’ve been given a handgun and rifle to fight off alien machines which have already shown that bullets don’t hurt them.
I’ve handled weapons before. Dad had taken me and Hannah hunting several times. I didn’t love it, but I was good at it, and I liked making Dad happy. He may not have gotten any sons, but he could still enjoy a good hunting trip with his girls. Hannah mostly cried, covering her ears. She always hated the crack of a gunshot, and if she saw a wounded or dead animal, she’d cry for days. 
Even though Dad loved that he could take me out hunting, he also loved how girly Hannah was. She was afraid of the dark, so she would sneak out of our tent to snuggle up to Dad when we were camping. He doted on her and so did Mum. She got most things she wanted and always was considered the baby. I’d been jealous of that when I was younger, but as I grew older, I appreciated that they treated me differently. I wasn’t afraid to work for what I wanted and was proud of where I’d gotten myself. 
I trained hard to be as fit and strong as I am now. I got this scholarship based on my grades, which I studied hard for, and the extra training I put in with basketball. The proud look on my parents’ faces was worth all the hard work and sacrifices. I earned their approval and I was a better person for it. 
Hannah was so spoiled that it turned her into a brat. She whined, cried and would guilt her way through anything. When I left, she was going through the beginning stages of boy mania, so I was happy to miss out on the drama she would bring with that.
Now, she won’t get to grow up into an adult. Now, I’ll never know what type of person she would have been. When we were little, she said she wanted to become a vet. She wanted to heal all the wounded animals she saw. I doubt she would have had the stomach for it, though. She has a heart too big to cope. She would bring home every stray animal she found and sob constantly for the ones she lost. No, that job would have eaten away at her. 
She was smart at school, smarter when her mind was focused on her work and when she put in effort. I had always pictured her being a teacher. In fact, I had imagined that teaching young students would suit her. I think it would also have been a way of karma finding her. She had always been so horrible and annoying to so many teachers, she just had to have students being like that to her. It’s only fair, right? 
But now I don’t know if she’s even alive. That future she thought she had and I had envisioned has been lost.
I shake my thoughts away. It’ll only upset me to stay on this track. My mind is a minefield these days. 
I eye my hands, which hold the handgun and rifle. We’ve been given a pouch that can be clipped onto a belt that is full of bullets. It feels so final to be holding the weapons and definitely surreal. 
“Listen to me,” Sergeant Casper’s voice brings me back out of my thoughts. I can’t seem to stop getting distracted. “I know this is scary. I know you may want to run and hide, but we need you. You’ll be given a specific area to guard, and I expect you to fight. This is our home, and no one is taking it from us. So put away your fear, keep those fucking tears in and grow some balls!” the Sergeant yells. If he’d been hoping for some sort of agreement or fist pumping, he’d been wrong. It isn’t that people don’t also feel this way, but right now, we’re all in shock. I should have been preparing for finals, not holding a gun and going into a war to most likely die. 
“Mattie, I think I’m going to throw up,” Lisa whispers to me. She then passes me her two weapons and pouch before turning away and fleeing. She only makes it a few steps before she vomits and many people around us, me included, wince. My own stomach twists uncomfortably.
“Wow, I haven’t seen a girl puke like that since that chick at Mal’s party drank half a keg of beer,” Hank says quietly to me. He’s been standing on my other side. 
For some reason, the three of us—Lisa, Hank and myself—have formed a weird friendship, and I don’t exactly understand why. Well okay, I do. Lisa and Hank are completely hot for each other, although also in denial. They’re good friends, so that way they can stay close to each other without actually having to do anything about their feelings. I’m best friends with Lisa as well as being her roommate, so we’re kind of a package deal. 
Hank plays basketball here at the university, and from the games I’ve seen, he’s really good. Tall, handsome and fit, he makes most girls swoon, and boy does Lisa often swoon. It’s a bit sickening really. They would honestly make a gorgeous couple if they could admit their feelings. 
While Hank is tall and bulky, Lisa is petite and short. She is Asian with perfect skin, not a single blemish. If you’d seen us go for a run together, you’d think she was superhuman. She is fitter than I am with only trying half as much as I do, and I’m fairly certain she doesn’t sweat. I’m not sure that’s possible except that she never appears to. She is sweet and a little neurotic while Hank is funny and completely calm about everything. 
Even though I’m not a mushy person, I can totally see them married with several beautiful children and some obscenely happy future. I think their biggest question will be where they’ll raise these imaginary children because I know how homesick Lisa is and Hank is a blue-blooded American. 
He comes from a family of cops—his dad and older brother are both police officers, his uncle is a detective and his grandfather was a police officer for thirty-eight years. He’s admitted to us that, even though his family is happy for him to go pro with basketball, he doesn’t really want to. He wants to be a cop like the rest of the men in his family. It wouldn’t surprise me if he gave up basketball and did that anyway. 
I realise I’ve drifted off with my thoughts again. I haven’t even noticed that Hank left my side, doting over Lisa and making sure she’s okay. I’ve also missed a lot of what Sergeant Casper has said. 
I think I would have stayed in my thoughts if a man hadn’t pushed a thick wad of paper at me. I open it up and find a map of Northern America and some parts of Canada on it as well. I gather that we’re being sent further up north. Since the last reports I’ve heard have been about Canada going dark, I have no doubt that we’ll be finding out what exactly happens when a place goes silent very soon. 
I know I should be afraid—a normal response is to fear death, fear the unknown—but I think I’m still in too much shock to be afraid, or at least the correct amount. I assume a sane person would probably be in the fetal position, weeping right now—sort of how Lisa looks next to Hank. I just can’t wrap my head around this. I’m still hoping it is all just some horrible joke and the world is doing some belated April fool’s joke on us. That’s possible, right? Or this is just some super realistic nightmare that, even though it’s taking me forever to live through it, I’ll wake up from this and I’ll have only been asleep for a couple of hours. That is more probable. I’m going to hope for the latter.
A lot of people have gone into full meltdown mode. Many have up and left to go home as soon as the blackouts started to happen around the world. Maybe if I could have gotten a flight home, I’d have left, too. However, most commercial airlines closed down and none were going anywhere near Australia. So I stayed and Lisa stayed because she has been stuck in the same position I have. Hank has stayed at the campus because his family is already on the streets helping, and I don’t think he could bear to leave Lisa. 
So when they rounded up everyone left on campus and the people living in the area, looking for volunteers, we came down to the football field, and that is where we’ve been recruited to fight. Sergeant Casper has made this all sound so practical, so organized, and so easy. We just have to protect a certain area and shoot anything that isn’t human. Easy, right? Who cares that we’re all untrained, unprepared and underequipped for any of this. I mean, a handgun, a rifle, some ammo and a map? Really? 
Obviously their decent weapons are tied up elsewhere, and no doubt, some of these will have been gathered from seizures, donations or gun shops. All it adds up to is the fact that we’re screwed.
“Let’s try and stay together.” Hank takes my hand while he has Lisa wrapped up under his other arm, holding her close to his side. She looks dazed and ill. I think we’re going to be in for a vomit-filled ride.
We’re eventually loaded into transport vehicles. After that, it’s a long five hours before we arrive in Seattle. From there we are moved into another truck and driven closer to the border. We’re given a new speech as an attempt to motivate us and new orders to stay where we are dropped off. We’re also given one radio, which we’re to use at the first sign of those scary machines. I get the feeling they want us to be a warning system and we’re really just being sent out here because we’re expendable—we can give others a better chance of knowing when and how to expect our enemy.
I think a lot of people begin to realise the hopelessness of our situation because, as soon as we’re dropped off, many just appear to breakdown. Some sob, some just sit on the ground and stare blankly into the distance, some even scream in a fit of rage and despair. 
Lisa wails into Hank’s shoulder. I know she’s thinking, not about her own mortality, but of her family. She has a big family with seven or eight siblings—I always forget how many and have no chance of being able to remember their names—who Lisa is super close to as well as her parents. 
Moving to another country was the craziest thing anyone in her family has done. They were proud of her; I heard it whenever they spoke on Skype. And now she has no idea if they’re dead or alive, in pain or suffering. It’s the unknown that is killing her. The unknown about my own family is hurting me, too.
“It’s going to be all right,” Hank tries to assure her, though his words are empty. I still have her weapons and ammo on me, I don’t think she cares to have them back. 
We’ve been left in a field with no obvious landmarks in sight. On the map we were given, there are circles for command centres, places where we can get help if needed, but they’ve failed to tell us where we are on it. 
“What are we supposed to do?” I ask Hank while Lisa continues sobbing into his shoulder.
As sound like thunder reverberates through the sky, and as we gaze upwards, we see several fighter jets zooming quickly overhead, heading into Canada. 
“Maybe we should follow them?” Hank suggests.
“On foot?” My mouth drops open in shock. He wants us to walk into Canada? I don’t even have my passport on me, not that I think they’ll care about such things right now.
“Not on foot. There’s loads of farmland out here; there must be houses and cars, too. Let’s try and find something.”
We leave the group we’ve been left with, no one paying us any attention as we walk away. We move slowly, hindered in speed by Lisa. She hasn’t said a word since we’ve been dropped off. I worry she is going into shock. Well, okay, we’re all going into shock, yet maybe Lisa’s reaction is normal, and it’s Hank and me who are the weird ones. 
From what we’ve heard before communication became spotty, the military has deployed all of its women and men, and every fighter jet is up in the air. All their available tanks are on the roads, and no doubt, every weapon in use. I’ve heard whispers of nuclear weapons being readied, but I’m not sure if that was just talk or not. There’s no sparing anything; this is a fight to the death.
“Look, over there.” Hank points across a field to a small cottage. 
We make our way over to it slowly, nightfall beginning to cover us in darkness. I have no personal belongings on me, not even any ID or money. Will any of that matter anymore or ever again? 
“Do you think we should stay here for the night?” I ask, not sure if I’ll ever be able to sleep again. I can imagine the nightmares I’ll have when I close my eyes.
“No, we should keep moving.”
“Moving where?” Lisa whispers, her voice cracking. She’s still under Hank’s arm; I don’t think he’ll be letting go of her anytime soon.
“I think we should check out what is exactly happening and find out why things are going dark.”
“What?” Lisa stops moving and Hank stills when she pulls on his arm. “You want to go looking for those things?”
“I just think we should take a look; find out what is going on,” he says calmly back to her.
“You know, I doubt we’ll have to wait long to find out if we just stay here,” I say as my heart rate speeds up at the thought of how close my death might be.
“I don’t want to die,” Lisa cries, burying her head in Hank’s shoulder. 
He moves the handgun to rest in the belt of his pants at his back, passing me his rifle, which means I’m now carrying three, and then he sweeps Lisa into his arms to carry her. I’m not even sure if she’s aware that he’s carrying her, either. 
We move quicker now as I try to ignore Lisa’s tears. It’s not that I’m heartless, but I don’t want to break down, and if I let her tears affect me, then I know I will.
“Have you heard from your brother or your dad?” I ask Hank, hoping he might have heard some new information that he hasn’t shared with us yet.
“We all said goodbye yesterday.” His voice hitches, and I notice him blink away a stray tear. “We know that there is a good chance we won’t be getting out of this alive. Dad just told us that, if we’re going down, we’ll do it fighting and to ‘give those sons of bitches hell’.”
“Wise words.” My body shakes at the thought of confronting one of those machines. It looked scary enough on the TV, I’m not sure how awful it’ll be in real life.
“I know my way around weapons, and I think maybe, if we can ride out this attack, there is a way we’ll survive.” He looks over at me, his eyes begging for me to agree with him, that his belief that we might survive this isn’t just false hope.
“Yeah, well, when you two start popping out kids, you’re on your own,” I tease, my words falling flat. 
“My sister was pregnant…” Lisa moans then her sobbing intensifies. Hank glares at me, but it doesn’t have much intensity behind it. I’m pretty sure most things we say will set Lisa off, and Hank knows that deep down.
“I’m sorry, Lisa. I didn’t mean to upset you. We have no idea what’s going on back home. I think they’re okay.” I swallow over my lie. I fully believe that there is little chance that anyone has survived those machines. Saying that to Lisa won’t help her, though.
“Maybe if we can make it to Canada, we can see what is really going on once it goes dark. It might not be as bad as we all think,” Hank suggests hopefully.
“And if it is bad?” she wails.
“Then we take down as many as we can.” Hank sounds sinister, causing a cold shiver to hit me at his words.
We move in silence then, not voicing what I’m certain each of us are thinking. Between us, we have three handguns, three rifles and a handful each of extra ammo. We already know these things are bulletproof, so how exactly are we supposed to take them down?
Unfortunately, we’re all about to find out what these things look like up close and personal all too soon.
Chapter 3
Mattie

The small cottage has been hiding an elderly couple easily in their seventies. They are frightened when they open the door to find us. I try to hide myself behind Hank and Lisa, not because I’m scared, but because I’m trying to hide my weapons. There have been whispers of looters and crime increasing with the lack of police presence. I think, if we had more warning of what was happening, more time than what we were given to know everything was about to end, we would have seen more of the uglier side of humankind. However, with the little warning and potential end of the world scenario, most people are in too much shock to do anything, or they’re hiding like these people.
“I’m sorry to disturb you, but we need your help,” Hank speaks calmly. 
I look over his shoulder to see the old man holding a protective arm in front of his wife.
“They look tired, dear. Let them in,” the woman says kindly. When she smiles, her face scrunches up and she looks like that typical, cute, old lady type.
“We don’t want no trouble.” He glares, although grudgingly he does move to let us pass. Well, he lets Hank and Lisa pass, but when he sees my weapons plus Hank and Lisa’s that I’m still holding, he blocks his wife and backs her up against the side wall, trying to protect her.
“I don’t mean you any harm. These are just what we were given to fight those things attacking us,” I explain, looking to Hank for guidance. 
Should I put my weapons on the floor and step away from them? Even though I don’t want to have anything to do with fighting an alien race attacking us with guns that are most likely useless, I also can’t bring myself to give up the weapons. They’re our only defence, even if we have seen that bullets have no affect over them.
“That’s actually why we’re here, we’re heading into Canada to find out why their communications went down and what exactly is happening over there, but we need transport. We saw your cottage and wondered if you might have a vehicle we could borrow.” Hank smiles sincerely at the couple. He’s always the charmer.
“I don’t have no—”
“We have a pickup truck out the back. It’s fully gassed,” the old woman speaks up, cutting her husband off.
“That is my truck, I refuse to—”
“We don’t need it anymore. We agreed to spend our last days here together, in our home where we brought up Jacob. We promised that we’d sit by his tree and not leave him alone. We don’t need that awful sounding and polluting thing here.”
The husband turns around to stare at his wife. While they communicate silently to each other, I feel like we’re intruding on a moment.
“Fine, take it. Just promise me you’ll take care of her.” The old man moves his hands to his back pocket, taking his keys out. He removes the correct one off the chain and hands it to Hank, his eyes moving back over to me as if afraid I might try something now that he’s given us what we want.
The old lady steps around her husband, staring at Lisa in concern. “Do you have any supplies with you? Vancouver is over a couple hours’ drive from here and it’s getting late. You all look so tired. We have a spare room you could—”
“Vivian…”
“Thank you, but we really should be on our way before…” Hank trails off and we all pause to take in his unsaid words. 
Before the machines attack America and we’re all dead.
“At least take some food and water with you.”
“That is for us,” the old man hisses.
“We will be fine, but thank you for the offer, and thank you for the use of your car. I assure you we will take care of it for you.” Hank nods his head in a gesture of thanks to them.
We walk back outside and pile into the front seat of the three-seat pickup when Vivian rushes after us carrying a small bag.
“Just in case,” she offers as her husband glares first at the bag then us. He wraps his arm around his wife’s shoulder and watches as Hank drives us away from the small cottage, finding us a dirt road heading in the direction of a main road.
“That was really a generous lady. I hope they… I hope…” Lisa’s voice falters, and since Hank has two hands on the wheel driving, she moves her head to my shoulder and cries.
“They’re going to be okay. I have a good feeling,” I try to assure her. “They looked like they’ve been married for a while. What do you think they meant about the tree and Jacob?” I ask, trying to move her away from thoughts of death.
“I saw a photo hanging up of them looking a lot younger with a kid. He was sitting on a swing tied to a branch and they were standing on either side of him. I saw a few other photos, but the kid never aged past ten or eleven. I assume he must have passed away,” Hank explains.
I sigh. So much for getting the topic away from death.
“I always thought I’d have children.” Lisa shifts her head to the side of my shoulder. “I wanted to have five kids.”
“Five!” Hank gasps, and I smile because I know how much he cares for her. I think deep down both of them know that they have feelings for each other and have probably pictured their lives together once they get over being too chicken to admit it to each other. Five kids obviously hasn’t factored into Hank’s fantasy.
“Yes. I had a big family growing up, and it was wonderful.” Lisa sniffles. I can already tell the direction of her thoughts are about to move to her family. Definite heartache territory.
“How about you, Hank? How many kids were you planning?” I quickly ask.
“I thought two would be plenty.” He turns and looks at Lisa, maybe considering that big family with her. I feel horrible because, with the world ending, they won’t get to experience it now.
“How about you, Mattie? I’ve never seen you go on a date with someone more than once. Did you think you’d ever settle down and have a family?” Lisa asks, moving off my shoulder so she can see me properly.
“I don’t know. I wanted to just focus on my career. Guys just get in the way of that,” I state, having believed that fully up until this moment. If the world hadn’t been ending, I still wouldn’t have cared about guys or a future with them, but now that I won’t ever get the chance to marry or have children? Yeah, now I’m angry that the choice has been taken away from me—from everyone.
“They don’t have to get in your way; they could have been a fun distraction from training and studying. I never thought I’d be the fun one in a friendship group. Back home…” She sighs, but then surprises me by not breaking down on us. “Back home I was the boring one. I loved staying in with my family, loved school work.”
“Well, you’re both boring compared to me. You’re just lucky I decided to be your friend and up your cool factor.” Hank takes his eyes off the road to give us a quick wink to show he’s only kidding.
“We’re lucky you decided to be our friend?” Lisa snorts, and I share a quick glance with Hank. It’s the closest thing to a laugh we’ve heard since news of the invasion broke. “I remember a very different story. Do you remember that night, Mattie?”
I smile at her, remembering it well. “Yes, you dragged me to some stupid frat party, and before we even got in the door, I tripped over some large lump who was chucking his guts up.”
“Yeah, and then when we tried to get someone to help him, he grabbed my leg and begged me not to tell anyone because—”
“Shut up!” Hank hisses, attempting to place his hand over her mouth while keeping his other hand on the wheel.
“Because he had only drunk two beers and he didn’t want the guys to make fun of him,” I finish off, too far away from him for retaliation in any way.
Lisa pushes his hand away and keeps talking. “Yep, and then he tried to stand up and his pants fell down because the reason he’d gone outside in the first place was to take a piss.” Lisa giggles.
“Now who was that guy? Surely not cool-man Hank over here.” I tap my chin, pretending to think really hard about that night.
“Hmm, I’m not sure, Mattie. How about the second night we spoke to Hank? I think I can remember that one. It was after a basketball match, and that guy John told us how to get out a back way to avoid the large crowd dispersing very slowly.”
“Oh, yeah. We ended up in the guy’s locker room where Hank was whining because his teammates had taken away his clothes after his shower.”
“You know John set that up, right?” Hank mutters, annoyed.
“I do know you were so shocked when we walked in that you dropped your towel right in front of us.” Lisa reddens as she recalls the memory.
“Yeah, I was quick to turn around, but you took a little longer to move.” I nudge Lisa with my elbow and wink at her.
“I was in shock. I mean, he was hard!” Lisa gasps.
“Stop! Stop talking!” Hank quickly brakes along the road, the headlights still shining in front of us as he hides his face in his hands.
“Ew, I didn’t need to know that!” I wince because now I have that mental image in my head. I wasn’t kidding when I said I’d been quick. As soon as I saw him in a towel, I’d started to turn, so by the time the towel fell, I didn’t actually glimpse a thing, and I never felt the need to ask Lisa for any details on Hank’s anatomy.
“Well, it was huge! How was I not supposed to look at it?” Lisa sounds innocent, but when I look at her, I can tell she is nervous. She glances at Hank and he lifts his head away from his hands to stare at her. 
“Huge?” He smiles now. I feel like I’m about to really not like being stuck in this car with them.
“Well, yeah, massive even.”
“Oh, God,” I whine, putting my hand over the door handle, ready to bolt if they take this now flirting conversation any other place I don’t want to know about.
“You know I was only hard because I saw you walk in. I’m always turned on when I’m close to you. You’re—”
I open the door and jump out, shutting it closed behind me, thankfully missing out on anything else they’re saying.
Unbelievable. It’s the end of the world, we’re heading into a potential warzone with the scariest and weirdest looking machines in the existence of the world, and they’re flirting? 
They pick now to admit their feelings! Although, I suppose now is as good a time as any. I’ve never felt like a third wheel before, yet now I get to spend my last days on earth watching those two love birds flirt, kiss, and God, I hope not anything worse.
I take a short walk, glancing at the darkened sky above and imagining myself back home. I think about my parents, remembering their laugher as they cooked dinner together. Every night without fail they prepared dinner together. It was their time to spend with each other and they both loved food. They loved making it, and in my dad’s case, eating a lot of it. He wasn’t as fussy about what he ate, but Mum’s a health nut, and she’d always make sure every day we ate enough fruit and vegetables. It worked for my sports diet to eat healthy, so I never minded. I know Hannah had a secret stash of chocolate in her top drawer, though. 
I smile, remembering the night we had a food fight. It started with me accidently flinging my mashed potatoes off my spoon. They’d landed directly in Hannah’s face. I knew she was furious. We all froze for a second and I waited for her tantrum. We’d already been fighting for days, so my own defences rose, ready to be just as angry as she was feeling. Some days, I had genuinely hated my sister. 
Dad saw our faces and it was only a split second later that he threw a handful of peas at Mum. She’d been shocked, too, but when I giggled, she quickly retaliated and threw back her own portion of mashed potatoes straight into his face, hitting his eyes.
Hannah started laughing then, and we all got straight into it. It felt like it went on for hours, however it must have only been minutes later that we ran out of ammo. We were all covered in food and laughing so hard. My stomach hurt the next day from laughing so much. I’d only been nine; Hannah was seven. Two years difference isn’t a long time, but for us, it had always been forever. We were so different from each other, and now she might be gone forever.
I move around the front of the truck, my eyes staying away from any windows where I might see something I can never un-see. Hank has left the headlights on, helping me to notice a black haze in front of the truck. The sky is darkening overhead, but this feels different. There is definitely a wall of black haze in front of us. 
The sound of a door opening draws me back towards the car where Lisa steps out, patting her hair down at the back. Her lips are slightly swollen and her eyes are dazed. It’s obvious her and Hank have just been making out in the car.
“Mattie?” she calls out my name. 
I move in front of her and give her an obvious stare. “You guys finished sucking face now?” Honestly, I’m not even annoyed. I’m happy that Lisa doesn’t look so desolate. I’m sure that awful look will return soon enough, especially once we enter Canada. For now, though, she looks almost content, so I’m happy for her and for Hank, too. They’re both my best friends.
Lisa blushes at my words before I poke my head into the cab, seeing Hank appears to be in the same blissful state as Lisa. “Sorry about that. We should keep moving.”
“Don’t be sorry, I just wish you guys had woken up to your feelings last year, and well away from me, for that matter.” I smile, squeezing her arm as she assesses my face to make sure I’m not actually mad. 
“We just sort of got lost in the moment. We’ll control ourselves better next time, I promise. I don’t want you to feel left out.”
“Trust me; leave me out as much as possible. I don’t need to add to my nightmares. You’ve already reminded me that Hank isn’t a girl and has a penis. I don’t want to add anymore to that,” I joke, watching Hank squirm in his seat. Lisa climbs back into the truck, and I stand at the open doorway. “I’m happy for you guys, truly.” 
I watch some of the tension leave Lisa’s body. She must have been worried how I would react.
“I found something over here, something weird. Come have a look?” I stare at Hank.
“Sure, you wait in here,” he tells Lisa and then steps out of the truck, shutting the door before Lisa can offer a protest.
I quickly move to meet him, not wanting to have to hear her complaining, too. As I round the truck, I catch Hank adjusting his pants and wince when I comprehend why.
“What is that?” Hank figures out immediately what I wanted to show him.
“I don’t know. Do you think it’ll be dangerous to go through?” I have images of being disintegrated as we move into the strange haze. The thought gives me shivers.
“We haven’t even made it into Canada yet and we’re already finding the weird shit?” Hank complains then horrifyingly, he moves his arm directly into the darkness.
“Hank! What the hell!” I gasp, holding my breath as I wait for his screams of agony.
Instead, he moves his arm back through the haze and we both look it over using the light from the headlights to make sure nothing sinister has happened to him.
He’s fine.
“So this isn’t going to kill us, but I don’t know what it means. Keep going or turn back?” he asks me.
“I don’t know, but I’m freaked out here.”
“So am I. We keep that away from Lisa, okay?” He eyes me carefully, and I nod to say I agree. Lisa is barely handling this as it is, she does not need us stressing her out more.
“So what do we do?”
“I really want to see what is happening in Canada. We’re close to Vancouver, and I want to take a peek. I say we keep going.”
“Okay.” I take a deep breath, trying to summon some inner strength.
“You know we keep losing countries when they go silent and we can’t talk to them. Maybe that is what this dark haze does; it cuts off communication.”
“Maybe. Come on, let’s get back to the truck. I can feel Lisa’s anxiety from here.”
We both climb back into the truck with Lisa in the middle again. I watch her reach out and take Hank’s hand as he starts up the truck, pushing us forward again. With her spare hand, she grabs hold of my hand as her head rests over my shoulder. 
We drive through the black haze in silence. I can’t help but tense up as we move through it, though. However, nothing happens. A few minutes later, I let my shoulders drop and rest my head over Lisa’s.

***

We cross the border not long afterwards, which is eerily void of any people. There are several upturned cars and I think I see blood on the road, but the headlights move away from it as we keep driving.
I begin to worry that perhaps we shouldn’t be coming here. Are we just fast-forwarding our own demise by entering Canada? Should we have stayed back where we were left by the government? At least we weren’t alone there—well, not exactly.
It’s obvious from our drive to Vancouver that the outer places have already been attacked. I’d say they started on the outskirts of Canada and worked their way inwards, which explains why there hasn’t been an influx of Canadians running over the border into an invasion-less America. 
This whole situation is completely messed up. No one was prepared for this. I’m not even sure we ever would have been. I mean, there are conspiracy theories about alien races, and everyone knows of the people who claim to have been abducted. They’re crazy people telling stories that aren’t possible, though. Except now we’re under attack, and while we aren’t under attack by little, green men, having those slick machines attacking us is just as farfetched. However, now that we are being attacked, perhaps little, green men and strange abductions aren’t crazy after all. 
I think back to the strange metal machine we’ve seen on the news. For them to be taking out entire countries at a time there must be hundreds of thousands of them, maybe even millions. What hope does humankind have to survive against them?
We drive through many quiet towns, and as we near Fraser River, I notice an unnatural light filtered over the city. It’s bright and out of place. I’d almost say it was daylight except for the fact that it isn’t coming from the sun and it is the middle of the night. In the distance, there are loud, screeching noises, screams, explosions and the air smells of smoke.
“What is that light?” Lisa whispers, her hand gripping onto mine hard enough to bruise as her body shakes next to me.
“I don’t know, but I think this might be as far as we can go,” I mutter, my own voice shaking.
“We’ve come this far; I need to know what we’re up against.” Hank shifts so his back rests against the door as he stares at us both. “We’ll drive over the bridge, and then you guys stay with the truck. I’ll go check things out and figure out what we’re up against. If it’s too much, I’ll find us some supplies and we’ll get the hell out of here. We can head back to the states and hide out in the North Cascades National Park. We’ll be able to hide easily in there.”
“No! It’s too dangerous, what if… what…” Lisa begins sobbing. Hank wraps her in his arms, holding her against his chest.
I completely agree with Lisa, yet I keep my opinion to myself. There is something about the screams that are pulling at me. I know they should be a warning and a sign to stay away, instead I feel a pull to them. There is human suffering going on, and I feel a need to help if I can.
It takes Hank several minutes to calm Lisa down, and then he starts the truck back up and we keep moving.
Going over the bridge, I can’t help feeling exposed and watched. It’s eerily quiet on the streets where we are, several cars are upside-down and crushed over the bridge, but there is a big enough gap to fit us through.
There is no human life anywhere, not even bodies. Where is everyone?
Once we’re on the other side, Hank stops the truck, and when he gets out, so do I.
“Where are you going?” he asks, moving around and grabbing hold of the passenger side door before I can close it on Lisa.
“I’m going to come with you.”
“No, you need to stay here and look after Lisa.”
“It’s quiet here, so obviously those things have already been and gone. You are more likely to need my help than Lisa.”
“Guys, how about no one leaves?” Lisa whispers.
“The sooner we go and take a look, the sooner we’ll be back and know what to do,” I state, slipping past Hank and taking several steps away from him before he thinks about manhandling me back into the truck.
“Maybe you should come with us? I don’t like the idea of you being alone here,” Hank says to Lisa as he leans into the truck and caresses her face lovingly.
“I don’t know if I can handle seeing… I don’t want to face what my family had to already. It’ll give me nightmares.” Lisa sniffles. I’m pretty sure she’s five seconds away from bawling her eyes out again.
“Okay, look, just stay hidden, and if you see anything that is off, get away from here. Head back to America, and I will find you. We’ll be as quick as we can, I promise.”
I step away, knowing I’m not going to be left behind, deciding to give them some privacy.
I stare at the surrounding buildings, taking in the shattered glass, and in some cases, completely collapsed structures. It looks like a tornado has been through here. 
I try to prepare myself for what we’re about to see and face, but I could have never been ready for what Hank and I are about to see. Lisa was right to want to stay behind; I will never get rid of the nightmares that will live with me from what is waiting for us.
Chapter 4
Marduke
Two Days Earlier

My brother chases me for several blocks. I push people out my way, shoving them in some cases. I know I’m running for my life, and unfortunately for me, my brother is fitter and stronger than I am. There is no way I can outrun him, not for long. He also has the added advantage that he’s spent more time outside in this world. He knows this place better than me. I’ve only ever gone to the park to watch her or followed her to the campus. If I haven’t been watching her, then I’ve been back at the apartment.
The ground shakes again and there are more screams. I lose my footing and fall to the ground, scraping my legs and ripping away the material, grazing my skin. I chance a look behind me, seeing a lot of people have fallen down, too. The ground keeps vibrating under me as Ival’s head pops up from the mass of bodies lying on the ground, looking directly at me. He is close to me, only a few people between us. 
We both stand up at the same time. He reaches out his hand and grabs hold of my t-shirt, using it to anchor me to him. I’m pulled to a stop, crashing into Ival before he throws me to the ground, immediately sitting on top of me and punching me hard in the face. I feel dizzy, and by the time my vision begins to clear, I see another one of his fists before it slams into my head again. I shield my face with my arms, but all that does is open up my sides to him. 
A sharp jab to my ribs causes me to strike back. I punch him in the face, no doubt hurting my hand worse than any pain I cause him. I try to kick him off me, but he’s too heavy and his weight over my legs is too strong for me to get enough movement. I’m stuck.
When I see the knife in his hand, I know I’m about to die. I always knew death was coming for me, however I did think I’d have more time to live. And I didn’t believe my death would come about in battle, especially not from the hands of my brother. 
Since the disaster that happened when my great-grandfather ruled, we’ve taken better precautions. Our people don’t actually engage in any hostile takeovers. It’s why we have the hinema. They do all our dirty work for us. We’ve designed them with the best technology available to us, and they do the rest without us having to lift a finger. They use their strength, inside information and exceptional weaponry to take down what we need them to.
My brother and I have never been close, though no one in my family is. Not even my parents. We all know we have a duty to our people to run our planets so my father is rarely anywhere else other than his workstation. I have only seen him a handful of times in my entire childhood. We’ve been raised to be the perfect soldiers for our people. Not only do we have lessons on our family history and battle strategies, we are also trained much like the human military. As soon as I was able to participate in training, I was given a trainer and every day we ran drills. 
I’m incredibly fit, but Ival is even more so. He’s older, and he’s always been more focused than me. It’s almost always the first born son that takes control after the current leader steps down. However, it appears that my father named me as his successor. He’s not only going to shock our people, he’s sending out a clear message that Ival isn’t good enough, which doesn’t make sense.
Ival might be a bit cruel and have a temper, but from what I know of my father, he does, too. Ival is smart and driven, and no one has ever considered that he wouldn’t be leader one day.
Ival grins down at me, actually looking like he’s enjoying this. “I’ll tell them you died honourably, brother. I’ll tell them you deserve to be remembered well in our history.” 
I don’t want to die, which is probably why I give one last ditch effort to get away. I hit Ival in the chest several times, hoping to at least wind him. When that doesn’t work, I slam my fist down over his thigh. 
Ival just smiles, not moving an inch. I’ve never seen anyone beat him, not even his trainers when he was young could get around him. He has an incredibly high tolerance for pain.
“Ival, please…” I gasp, not seeing his fist until it slams into my face.
Blood fills my mouth, momentarily disorientating me and making me dizzy. 
“What’s going on here?” a man’s voice interrupts and then two pairs of arms grab hold of Ival, pulling him off me.
“Let me go!” Ival demands. When they drag him away from me and let go of him, he slips the knife into his back pocket. 
“You okay, son?” One of the men, a police officer, steps up to me. His partner grabs hold of Ival again when he tries to get to me.
“Yes.” I look away, trying to sound like a normal human as I attempt to stop the world from spinning. 
“If you want to press any charges, we can.” He stares at me, watching me shake my head no. “Good. I don’t really have time for this anyway. You might have been stuck in your own selfish bubble, but our entire city is suffering the aftereffects of an earthquake. You need to walk away from this now.” The man looks back at Ival, who continues to glare at me. “Right. Take off, kid. We’ll keep him here for a while. Go directly home, and try not to get into any more trouble today, okay?”
“Thank you.” I take in the stranger’s kindness. I’ve been seeing more goodness in people since going to the park that first day. 
I turn and run, hearing a struggle going on behind me as Ival no doubt tries to follow me. He could take on those two men easily, but I’ve seen the two guns strapped to their sides, and I’m sure Ival has noticed them straight away. Even if he is able to disarm the men, there are too many people surrounding him; it would be dangerous. All he’d need is for a few brave citizens to step in, and he’d either be killed or locked away. He can’t risk it. Besides, we’re meant to be blending in and not drawing attention to ourselves. In fact, with the invasion in motion, we should be getting off this planet. I know that isn’t an option for me anymore, which means I’m in as much trouble as these humans.
I run for several blocks and find a way out of here. A large truck is being loaded with crates full of boxes. The man isn’t paying much attention, mostly keen to chat to the man at the back dock where he’s taking the crates from, tapping the electronic device that is doing all the heavy lifting for him.
Feeling Ival hot on my heels, even though I can’t see him, I sneak into the back of the truck, moving to the very first crate that has been placed and finding a small amount of room between it and the edge of the wall, hunkering down there, leaning against the small cab in front.
I hide there, hoping this is a smart idea, feeling relief when, several minutes later, the truck roars to life. He has only put three more crate loads in the back and there is more room back there, so I spread out and sit on the dirty ground.
I have no idea where this truck is going or if this is the right decision. I don’t know if I care, either. Those earthquakes are a sign, and now it’s too late to change this planet’s fate. Earth is about to be ours, and if what Ival says is true, the humans will be all killed. That girl that has made me feel strange things, the girl I want more than anything to protect, will be lost to me. Even if Ival is incorrect and our original plan stands, where we will take the humans off Earth and onto Oden, if I don’t make it off Earth, then I’ll never be able to ensure her safety and never get the chance to see her again. It shouldn’t matter to me—I’ve only spoken to her once—but it does matter. 
I’m filled with incredible sadness. How can I miss someone I don’t even really know?

***

I hide in the back of that truck for hours, sweating and feeling cramped. We only stop once when I instinctively move to the back of the truck and hide behind the crates of stock. The truck is opened and searched, however I am thankfully not detected. I have no idea where I am or why this truck needs to be searched.
With nothing but my thoughts to distract me, I’ve spent my time trying to figure out a plan and what I should do. Yet, my mind distracts me, recalling the way that girl looked running and how her face lit up when she smiled. I wonder what she is doing right now. 
Do they know about the invasion yet? We weren’t supposed to attack for months; there is no way we could have the army that we intended. We’ll have to adjust our strategy, and perhaps instead of taking Earth in one big swoop, we might need to take it out in sections. 
If that is the case, that will be a huge mistake. Humans will fight and try to protect what is theirs. Giving them time to arm up and fight will be a problem, however it won’t stop what is happening. It will only prolong the fight, and cause unnecessary pain to innocent humans in the process. Innocent humans like that girl. 
When the truck stops for the second time, another lengthy stay which involves the opening of the back door, I know this is the final stop. 
The crates begin to be taken out and I manage to sneak out without being seen. It appears the driver is just as chatty at this stop as he was at the other.
We’re in a new city, one I haven’t seen before, so it takes me a while to find out I’m in Canada now. I’ve managed to enter an entirely new country.
I’ve got nothing on me of any use; no Earth money, no supplies, and no way of contacting home. Ival and I have a spaceship hovering high in the air, invisible and high enough that aircrafts couldn’t accidently fly into it. We need to teleport to get on there, but without a portable monit, which looks similar to a TV remote control and is a device that can teleport me to our spaceship within seconds, I’ll never get back to the safety of that spaceship. I’ll never be able to get onto any spaceship without it. 
My one condolence is that, if I’m going to die on this planet, it won’t be death by hinema. They’re programmed to recognize my DNA, so they won’t ever attack someone from our home planet. Perhaps if I can hide out on this planet long enough, then I might be able to wait for Father to come. Then he will be able to put a stop to Ival trying to kill me. 
So why do I feel like a coward if I do that?
People crowd around a music store where a large flat screen TV is outside the front, showing a news program. On a loop is footage of the hinema attacking. The panic and fear in the people around me grows, and I feel the shift in attitude and body language. Many people move quickly away while others just stay fixed to the same spot, staring in shock at what the TV is showing over and over again. 
While the hinemas look similar to how they always appear, I know they’ve been modified. Previously, brute force and speed have been the key to us taking over planets. Some have been barely populated; most that have had life were an unintelligent species or animals, which were easy to overcome. 
Earth is different. These humans look like us. They occasionally act like us. Their weapons are ruthless, and they have experience with war. They’ve fought each other on and off for the life of mankind. We’ve never fought amongst ourselves as people. There have been no huge wars, and we have no crime. We would never have been ready to face Earth without prior knowledge of their defences. 
Without knowing it, they’ve been training for this invasion their whole lives, yet we’ve already gotten them beaten. The hinema will be far too advanced now. We might lose a few of them, but our stealth and numbers will put us ahead. 
I’m positive, if I could get word out, if I could explain that this planet should be left alone, then they would have to listen to me. We’re not a horrible species, just misguided in this instance.
I walk away, wondering what I should do. I know I should find a place to hide and wait for this to blow over. Ival would have had to leave Earth. He’ll be up on our spaceship until the invasion is over. It’ll be too dangerous otherwise. Our hinemas might not attack us, but that doesn’t mean humans won’t. Even not knowing who we are, we could still get stuck in the crossfire. 
Why do I want to head back to Oregon all of sudden? Why do I feel like I should find that girl and ensure her safety? She doesn’t know me, there is no way she’ll listen to me, and I know she’s better off without me. Ival is out for my blood and having her near me will only put her in more danger.
So how do I ignore what I want to do, to do what I must? I’ve never been so split in my emotions. 

***

It only takes one more day before the hinemas attack Canada. First the communications are attacked, leaving no chance to get word out to other countries or each other for help. I stay where I am in Vancouver, waiting for the first signs of the hinemas. A small part of me is interested to see how they work during the takeover—I’ve never seen them in action before.
When they land here, they’re as stunning as I expected after seeing them in the short video clip. Huge and strong, I don’t blame the humans for running away from them—they look menacing. 
Before, the hinema were hard and jagged, their exterior built to withstand bites and claws from the animals roaming the other planets. Now, they are smooth and mostly impenetrable. 
Even though Ival has warned me, I’m still surprised when I see humans shooting uselessly at one of the hinemas, and instead of the hinemas sending them away like they were meant to, it fires out what looks like a ball of fire except, when it impacts the humans, they are disintegrated in seconds.
What was that?
My panic rises when they begin attacking humans that aren’t violently engaging in a fight with them. A woman is running away when something different—a red, glowing bullet—shoots out and hits her in the back of the head. She drops to the ground dead.
I disappear from the confusing scene, down a nearby alleyway, jumping the small fence halfway down and coming out on the next street. I watch a family huddling outside a shop, remaining in place, as a hinema moves over to them. Fear and shock prevent them from trying to run or fight back. Instead of killing them, this hinema holds out a monit. A bright light hits the family before they disappear. 
Relief courses through me. They’re not here to kill everyone; they’re taking humans as well. No doubt some are being sent back to Oden, like what was originally planned. There is still a chance that girl will be safe.
The relief doesn’t sit with me long. That same hinema who has just sent away that family also shoots a man running at it, a crazy and wild look on his face and a knife in his hands. He doesn’t make it very close to the hinema before he’s killed for his bravery.
The mystery girl that I can’t get out of my head, she is a fighter. From our one brief encounter I know this. 
I’m tall, fit and some might say scary. Many people here have calm or happy expressions on their face as if that is their neutral look, as if they naturally find smiling as easy as breathing. I don’t. I believe I naturally have a blank look on my face. At worst, to me, I may appear contemplative, but I get the feeling that people view me as annoyed, maybe even angry. I get stares from strangers when I pass them. I’ve even seen some people crossing the street to get away from me.
When that girl realised I was following her at the park, she didn’t run faster to get away; she waited until she had the advantage, hid, and then knocked me down. She confronted me and wasn’t once afraid of me.
No, she will fight the hinema and most likely she’ll be killed for her effort.
The hinema steps away from the dead man. I watch it glance down the street and towards where I am standing. A young girl runs down the road as a woman—her mother perhaps—screams for her to come back. The girl can’t be taller than my knee, and she is sobbing in fear. She’s racing towards the same man who is lying dead on the ground from the attack. Her movement gets the attention of the hinema and it aims a weapon at the small girl. 
The hinema isn’t able to understand who it’s attacking. It doesn’t differentiate between female or male, child or adult. Right now, it sees a human trying to get away, and I’ve already seen what happens to those humans.
Without further thought, I run after the small child, grabbing hold of her just as she is fired at. I manage to move her out of the way of the attack, but not before several bullets lodge into my back. Luckily, my argu protects me. What it can’t stop is the strong current that pulses through the air. We’re both lifted off our feet and the girl cries as we fall to the ground several feet away from where we began. The few abandoned cars surrounding us are moved from the force and the glass from the windows smashes around us. I land awkwardly on my shoulder and the small girl scrapes her face along the ground. 
“Run,” I gasp, pushing the small girl towards her mother. Thankfully, she doesn’t argue. 
To ensure she makes it there safely and isn’t shot at again, I stand in the line of sight of the hinema. I’m not afraid, not even when another one joins the first hinema, standing next to the first. I imagine they are scanning me, seeing the chip lodged in my own neck that gives me not only the ability to know many earth languages, but also information imbedded about my own planet. It is a way of identifying me and protecting me. They will know I’m part of the leader’s family, and I won’t be harmed. The question is, can I get them to back off? I’ve never tried communicating with a hinema before. I’m not sure anyone has in person. The only way we usually communicate with them is through their information portals.
I begin to call out in my language, not caring if anyone hears me. I doubt anyone is hanging around, watching and listening. Besides, this planet is already under attack, hearing an alien language won’t give them any warning now. It won’t alert them to danger, not anymore.
I barely get two words out, though, before one of them raises its weapon and aims for me. The other follows suit. 
Why are they aiming for me?
I look behind me and notice the girl has made it to her mother. I watch their backs retreating into a nearby building. There is no one else behind me and there is no reason for them to have their weapons pointed in this direction.
“What are you—?” I begin to ask them, but when they fire at me, I fall to the ground, managing to avoid the ball of flame that shoots over me. Its intense heat burns my lungs as I take in a breath from shock. 
I roll on the ground, hearing the vibration of their movements as they step towards me. I manage to get behind a car before it is shot at and catches on fire. I scatter back a few steps as it disintegrates, and I lose my shield. 
There is nothing I can hide behind now and no way for me to make it into the safety of any surrounding buildings. My argu might protect me, but it only covers my chest; it won’t save me from a shot to the head or that fireball. 
I close my eyes, realising I’m about to be killed, and there is no way I can stop it.
A loud explosion causes my eyes to fly open. One of the hinema flings backwards, clean off its feet as it flies through the air. In the middle of its body, there is now a giant hole. When it lands, it stays down, broken and lifeless.
I’m still in shock when I turn to see something flying through the air. It moves quickly, giving me only a few seconds to see what it is before it impacts the next hinema. It’s long, narrow, and shaped like a huge bullet with a small fire and sparks shooting out one end. 
Ival has been the one to always focus on weapons; I haven’t really cared to learn what the humans have invented past swords and small guns. Although, from what I’ve seen on a movie that aired on the TV once, I imagine this is what they might call a missile, or maybe a rocket. 
It hits the last hinema, which causes it to fly through the air, knocking it into an overturned bus. The hinema goes down, however a small fire from the impact  quickly catches onto the bus. With what feels like seconds later, the bus explodes. 
The entire street rocks and buildings shake. One building a few down from me actually begins to collapse and the road I’m lying on cracks and splits. The window just to the side of me smashes loudly. I feel the glass shoot out towards me, and then cuts appear over my arms and no doubt my face. 
I don’t feel the pain, though. I’m in too much shock as another explosion happens, this one even closer. An invisible wave hits me and knocks me through the air. I land awkwardly on the road, my knee twisting uncomfortably under me. My head hits the rough ground, sending me almost to the point of unconsciousness. Pain radiates up my leg and my head feels as though I’ve split it open. Heat and screams surround me, but I don’t attempt to move. I just look up ahead.
There is a bright light above me, yet I know it’s from the hinema, not the Earth’s sun. I wish it were the sun. The sun here that has mated with Earth is beautiful and bright. 
As the artificial rays beat down on me, I think about the sun and imagine that is what I’m staring at. It is a beautiful view to breathe in my last breaths to. Our own sun on Oden is far duller and smaller. It is nothing compared to Earth’s sun. 
I blink, feeling myself sinking, almost like I’m falling underwater, and then an even more beautiful image fills my vision. 
It’s the girl, the same one from the park. She is leaning over me, saying something to me. Her hands gently touch my face, causing my blood to race through my body, freeing me from drowning for a moment longer. I blink up at her, staring deeply into her blue eyes. She has eyes as bright as the sky and golden hair as beautiful as the sun. 
I lift my arm, finding it harder to do then it should. My hand cups over hers against my face, not wanting her to stop touching me, and then darkness takes over. I’m not aware of anything anymore, not even her warm touch.
Chapter 5
Mattie

Hank grabs hold of my arm and tries to haul me up, but I pull myself out of his grip. 
“We need to go; it’s not safe here.” He’s glancing around us quickly. 
I don’t bother staring at the destruction around me. Instead, I look down at the unconscious guy I’m crouching over. His head has scratches and there is glass lodged in his face and arms with one particularly large piece wedged into his shoulder. While he’s unconscious, I just grab hold of it and yank it out. He doesn’t even stir as a trickle of blood seeps out. It’s nothing life threatening or needing stitches, I think.
“Mattie, hurry up!” Hank growls at me.
“Wait!” I yell at him. 
I roll the guy over and stare at his back, seeing the bullet holes in his t-shirt. I saw him bravely save that girl and I knew he had been shot. I feared he was dead, but he kept moving. I pull his shirt up a little, feeling the strange material underneath. Since there is no blood over his shirt, I assume quickly that he has some sort of bullet-proof vest on. 
“Will you help me with him?” I demand of Hank, rolling the unconscious guy onto his back again and checking one last time for a pulse, finding it easily. I grab his arm and swing it over my shoulder, sitting him up. His dark skin is covered in sweat and blood, and even though he isn’t conscious, his face changes into a wince as I move him.
“We don’t have time for this; we need to get back to Lisa. This was a mistake.”
“If we leave him here, then he’ll die,” I argue. 
Hank growls at me, moving down and taking the guy’s other side over his shoulder, helping me get him to his feet. Together we move.
“You saw him before; he wants to die. He just stood in front of those things and didn’t even attempt to run. He doesn’t want to be saved.”
“He saved that little girl’s life; he doesn’t deserve to be abandoned on the street,” I try to reason, using all my strength to keep us moving. His heavy weight pulls on my shoulder while my legs shake with the effort to hold him. He is a big guy; very muscled and taller than I’ve expected.
Between the both of us, we hustle down the street, ducking low behind a turned over car when we see more of those machines coming our way.
“Shit, they’re everywhere. What if they’ve gotten to Lisa?” Hank worries.
I’m worried about that, too. I don’t say anything, though.
We had only moved a couple blocks when we saw a bunch of military men that were heavily armed. We thought they’d be a safe bet to hide behind, so we followed them. I saw people disappear before my eyes, people lit on fire until there was nothing left of them, men and women shot dead. 
The machines are even more terrifying in the flesh. I’ve felt like throwing up every couple of minutes since we’ve arrived in this warzone. 
Vancouver is covered in tall buildings; it’s scary and shocking to see many of them crumbling to the ground. The machines are so large and so strong that I’ve watched one just knock into the side of a building, moving through the structure like it was water. The building just tipped over, no longer safe, and the screams I heard… There were many people in that building. 
We decided quickly that there was no way we could defeat these machines, especially not with only the three handguns and rifles between us. Ultimately, we’re just three untrained civilians, and Lisa doesn’t even have a clue how to fire a weapon really. I know she retained zero knowledge during our short lesson on the football field back at the campus.
The new plan is to get away from this place and find supplies, get to Lisa and then head towards that forest that Hank mentioned to Lisa. Just as we decided that plan, I watched in horror as a small girl ran out into the road, screaming for her daddy.
I took a step onto the street, not even thinking properly, when Hank grabbed my arm to stop me. 
Then I saw him—an angel so brave that he put his life on the line for the small child. He looked handsome as he ran out to grab her, but more than that; he was strong, fit and determined. He didn’t appear scared, and even after he was shot at for his trouble, he still saved that little girl. He stood in the way so she could get away safely. It was stupid, it was reckless, yet it was also the most amazing thing I’ve ever seen.
We round the corner of the street in time to feel the unnatural waves of wind and pressure hitting us. We all fly into the air, hitting the wall of a building before collapsing onto the ground. The shattering of glass from above sounds, and I instinctively cover the unconscious man with my body, feeling Hank lying over me as glass scatters over us.
“Move!” Hank shouts after the glass stops falling. 
We both get up, dragging the stranger with us. 
The attack hadn’t been aimed at us. The military men we had followed have engaged with the machine, helping us to get away from it without further incident. 
We head back in the direction we came, and thankfully, we’re able to avoid those machines. 
What we do see next is a deli whose windows are all smashed in.
I pull on the stranger which in turn pulls on Hank.
“What?”
“We should get some food and water,” I huff at him, feeling breathless and exhausted. 
The stranger is getting heavier by the second, and I haven’t eaten a bite of food since yesterday. If I’m going to try to maintain this level of energy, then I’m going to need some sugar for energy and water to keep hydrated. I’m also going to need to figure out a way to keep food down. This entire situation is enough to take away anyone’s appetite.
We lean the stranger against the wall of the deli while carefully looking around. I’m searching for any signs of the machines. I thought Hank was doing the same until he speaks.
“My dad would kill me if he saw me stealing like this.”
“It’s for our survival,” I argue, grabbing a plastic bag and loading it with premade rolls and energy bars. I throw in some chocolate bars for Lisa, hoping it’ll bring a smile to her face. She has a chocolate obsession as bad as my sister.
Hank has two bags in his hand, loaded up with energy drinks and bottles of water. 
The shop and street are eerily silent when we exit the deli, the only sounds coming from the distance. This area looks mostly undamaged, even given the broken windows here, which tells me that it won’t be this quiet for long. I imagine people are hiding in the tall buildings, praying that they are left alone.
I tie the bag into a knot, and then loop it through my arm, feeling the weight pulling on my skin and denting my arm. I have one of the rifles slung over my shoulder and a handgun tucked in my pants at the back. Hank has the same. He copies me with his two shopping bags. We need both hands to help hold up the stranger and move him.
Maybe I’m an idiot for getting Hank to help him. He’s right; it’s a risk to take him and a waste if he really was ready to die back there. What if he was doing a brave thing because he wanted to die and he thought going down as a hero was the only way acceptable? We don’t need someone around us who is going to bring us down. All our energy is needed to help Lisa from falling into a deep depression. We won’t be able to do the same for a stranger. Plus, he’s going to be another mouth to feed. Is that a good thing?
I stare at him as we make our way back towards where we’ve left the truck and Lisa. 
Even with the small cuts and blood, he looks attractive. He has a sharp jaw, very short, dark hair, and the body of a very fit athlete. Given that he is wearing a vest that has obviously saved his life, I’d say maybe he’s a soldier except he looks too young for that. Or if he is, he’d be in training still surely. He can’t be older than me, and I’m nineteen. 
“There’s the truck!” Hank huffs, pushing us faster. 
I hold in my protest as I can barely keep up.
Lisa rushes out of the truck and Hank lets go of the stranger to run to meet her. I’m able to stop the guy from face planting it onto the road, but only just. I fear I might have pulled his arm out of its socket at the force I’ve used to yank his arm back to stop him. 
Lisa is beside herself. It takes Hank hugging her for long minutes before she calms down. She then moves and gives me a hug, assessing us both to make sure we’re not hurt. When she’s finally satisfied, she looks at the stranger lying on the ground. 
“Who is he?” She wipes her eyes, but new tears just replace them.
“I don’t know.” I shrug.
“We should get out of here now.” Hank nudges Lisa towards the truck then nods at me to help him with the stranger.
We get him into the open back of the truck where I decide to give them some privacy and stay with the guy. Besides, I can tell Hank is angry with me. He no doubt thinks risking our lives for this man hasn’t been worth it. He doesn’t comment when I climb in the back with the stranger, though.
I hear the beginnings of Lisa telling Hank about seeing a machine moving through here, the fear in her voice obvious, before he closes his door and their voices become muffled. 
I sit in the back next to the stranger, moving close to him to stop him from rolling around. He hasn’t woken once, making me wonder if he’s in some sort of coma. I trail my fingers over his soft skin, feeling the jagged pieces of glass as I do. It reminds me of my own shower with glass earlier. I assess my arms in the unnatural light we’re still covered in. I see only a few scratches, but no imbedded glass. My hair is another story. I undo my ponytail and shake my hair over the edge.
The truck still hasn’t moved. No doubt Hank and Lisa are either talking or making out.
Satisfied that at least most of the glass is out of my hair, I pull it back up in a ponytail and settle back next to the stranger.
Hank starts the truck up soon after and we take off, back over the bridge, heading back towards America. 
My eyes feel heavy, and even though every time I close my eyelids I see the death and destruction I’ve just witnessed, I can’t help but begin to fall asleep. I know I should try to get some sleep while I can, so I lie down next to the stranger, the bumpy road and sway of the truck lulling me into a restless sleep full of terrifying machines and screaming. 

***

Opening my eyes, I first notice the sky. Its colour is orange and pink, the beginning of sunrise. In minutes, the sun will be up and blinding us.
I don’t move, instead I listen to the truck’s noisy engine and feel the slight rocking underneath me. 
My head is resting on something soft, and I briefly wonder why there is a pillow in the truck when I realise there is something warm and solid against my side. 
I turn my head and find the stranger is staring at me, wide awake. I look directly into his bright green eyes, the shock of finding him awake jolting me into awareness. I shoot up and move away from him, looking down and realising I was using his arm as a pillow. That feels intimate, way too intimate for someone I’ve never spoken to.
“You’re awake,” I state the obvious, feeling suddenly nervous. Not because he’s staring at me, barely blinking at all. Not because he’s incredibly hot. Not even because I know nothing about this man. I’m nervous because I don’t know how to explain why we took him, and whether he’ll be happy we’ve saved his life or upset.
“You’re her.” He speaks with an accent, reminding me that many people are brought up speaking French in Canada, maybe not usually as a first language, but this guy could be from Quebec or just have traditional parents. Or be a tourist.
“I’m Mattie,” I introduce myself. “Are you okay? You’ve got some glass imbedded in your face and arms, but I wanted to wait to get some tweezers before attempting to take them out.”
“Mattie…” he rolls my name over his tongue. I watch him silently mouth it a few more times before he smiles to himself. I’m not sure of what to make of that action.
“You hit your head back there; you might have a concussion or other issues.” I say the last part quietly, speaking it more to myself. I wonder if we’ve taken a huge risk to rescue someone who might be crazy. What if he’s some axe murderer? What if he’s going to try to murder us now?
“Where are we? Where are the hinema?” He sits up, glancing down over his bruised and bloodied arms before gazing over our surroundings.
“The what?” I shift again until I’m resting against the side of the truck. I wish there was more room between us. “We’re on the outskirts of Canada, I think. We got you out of the city and brought you with us.”
“You saved my life?” He looks shocked, maybe even touched. For some reason, I think there is more behind those feelings. It feels more powerful than gratitude.
“Me and Hank did, mostly Hank.” I nod towards the cab of the truck where I see Hank driving and Lisa resting her head on his shoulder. No doubt she’s sleeping. 
He nods, staring at Hank and Lisa for a moment before his eyes land back on me again. 
Does this guy ever blink?
“Are you sure you’re okay? You were unconscious for a while back there.”
He looks down at himself and rubs his shoulder. The one I feared I’d injured when I tried to keep him from hitting the ground last night.
He moves his eyes over his front. He lifts one leg and then the other, wincing when he tries to bend his left knee.
“Did you hurt your knee?” I ask, moving to stare at his legs and holding my hands over him without touching.
“I’m not sure. I think I might have.” He nods when I wait for his permission and then I lift his pant leg up over his knee to get a better view. 
I wince for him when I see it looks swollen and bruised. I lightly prod the swollen skin, but he pushes my arm away.
“Sorry, I didn’t mean to hurt you.”
“Pain.” He winces at me, but does the opposite of what I expect. Instead of leaving it straight, he forces his knee to move, bending it before leaning forward, as if he’s going to crouch on it and put his weight over it. 
“Wait, you need to keep off it.” I rest my hand over his shoulder and try to ease him back, forcing him to change so his leg is back to being straight out in front of him. 
“I need… a cure? Medicine?” He sounds like he’s trying to find the right word. 
“I don’t have any pain meds, but I might be able to strap it up. It’ll help a little. Just stay down.” I push lightly again on his shoulder, noticing the padded material underneath his t-shirt.
I move away once I see him settling back on the ground. I find a rag tucked against the side of the truck. We’ve got no proper supplies for him and there is no way any hospitals around here will be functioning. It just shows how fragile our situation is now. All it’ll take is one of us getting hurt or sick and we’re screwed.
I open up the greasy rag and find that it’s a ripped up t-shirt. It’s easy to tear, which I do, into long, uneven strips until the whole shirt is ruined and in four separate pieces. I lean over his exposed knee, watching his calf muscle tense before my eyes. I again take note of how fit this stranger is. His whole leg is large with muscle; I know he must do some form of exercising, if not play an active sport.
“This might hurt a little. I’m going to put pressure on it. How about you talk to me and try to distract yourself?”
He frowns at my words, but before I can reassure him that I won’t try to intentionally hurt him, he asks me, “Talk about what?”
“Well, how about you tell me your name, where you’re from, how old you are,” I suggest, holding the end of one of the pieces of material just below his knee to keep it in place then wrapping it around his knee, working my way up.
“My name is Marduke,” he says, pausing as I tie the end of the first piece then take out the next.
“That’s an unusual name. Where are you from?”
“I’m from far away.” He twitches under my hands, and I know he’s in a lot of pain.
“So you’re a tourist here, just visiting?”
“Yeah, you could say that.”
“And how old are you, Marduke?” I almost feel like rolling his name off my tongue, too, except I remember how weird that was seeing him do that to my own name, so I don’t.
“I’m about twenty-years-old, give or take a year.”
I ignore his weird comment at the end, assuming it’s caused from a language barrier.
“You’re French, right?”
I look up and see him nodding, but his eyes are fixed on my hands over his knee. I’m almost finished so I take up the last strip and go back over his knee. 
“How about you say something in French then?”
He looks into my eyes and blurts out words that sound a lot like French words, but I never took French, so for all I know, he just made it up. It sounded a little awkward, though, almost like how he sounds speaking English; a bit jolted, not quite speaking smoothly.
“All done.” I lean back and glance over my handy work. 
After seeing this injury many times throughout my basketball playing days, and even suffering similar injuries, I know how to strap it up.
I feel the truck slowing down, and soon, we come to a stop. We’re in the middle of nowhere, making me wonder why we’re stopping. I hope we haven’t run out of petrol.
Lisa climbs out of the cab, coming around, holding one of the plastic bags.
“You’re awake!” She gives Marduke a small smile as she climbs into the back with the help of Hank. “We thought it might be time to eat, and Hank needs to have a break.”
I nod my head and take the offered bottle of water Lisa holds out to me. I’m not really in the mood to eat, however I force myself to grab the roll off her and eat it. It might be the last bit of decent food we’ll ever get to eat. 
After introducing Marduke to them and the short small talk that comes from his accent, we eat in silence. 
I finish the water quickly, wishing I still had more. I watch Marduke grab hold of his own bottle. While at first he sips from it, he is soon guzzling it.
I don’t know why, but for some reason, watching him drinking eagerly makes me feel uncomfortable. Not because of anything he’s doing, but because watching him gulp down the water, seeing the thirst on his face and watching his Adam’s apple bob up and down, is heating me up. I have no idea why. I’ve seen guys do this exact same thing many times at games and at training. Why the hell does Marduke having a drink make me react like this?
“We should keep moving,” I state, and Hank winces when I do. “I can drive for a while,” I offer, not overly keen but knowing that Marduke is too injured and Lisa too terrified of driving. She hasn’t even gotten her license to drive back in New Zealand.
Hank nods, looking completely exhausted, I wouldn’t be surprised if he fell asleep sitting up.
Lisa and I get back into the front, and I’m able to start the pickup truck with no stalling. 
I get a few minutes of blissful silence before Lisa breaks it. “What’s his deal?”
“Marduke? I don’t really know. I’m not sure if Hank told you, but we saw him saving a little girl last night. He was so brave I couldn’t just leave him there to die. He didn’t deserve that, you know?”
“It doesn’t hurt that he has a sexy accent, too, huh?” I watch a light shine in her eyes, a small smile playing on her lips. It’s the first I’ve seen since Hank got her to smile yesterday. “You know he’s also quite good looking. I do have a thing for chocolate, you know. Hot chocolate is my favourite, and he is incredibly hot, don’t you think?”
I want to roll my eyes and tell her she’s an idiot. I know she’s trying to get me to react to her words; maybe she wants me to take dibs on him. 
Lisa loves the idea of me liking a guy. She’s always wanted to talk boys with me, but I’ve never been interested. Something stops me from shutting her down this time, though. This is the first time in a long time that she’s not worrying about the invasion; I don’t want that haunted look to return yet.
“He is hot, I suppose…” I glance quickly in the rear-view mirror and see the boys outside. I don’t think either can hear us over the noisy engine and the winds they’re facing outside. “I think he must play a sport or go to the gym regularly. I bandaged up his leg and it was all muscle.”
“Really? You had your hands over his legs already?” Her eyebrow rises high and I see a glint in her eyes.
“Yes.”
“And, what did you think?”
I don’t know what I thought. I hadn’t been thinking the way Lisa’s mind is going. I also know that just by talking about this, Lisa is going to think this is a huge deal. I’ve never spoken about a guy to her before, so she’s totally going to be reading into everything I say.
“It wasn’t completely unpleasant.” I try to be neutral, wanting Lisa to be distracted by this conversation while also not wanting her to think it’s okay for her to play matchmaker. Marduke might be incredibly good looking, and sure, there is something about him, I guess; but now is not the time for her mind games.
She squeals at my words so loud I see the boys turn and look through the glass at us. 
“Mattie, are you actually interested in—”
“Shut up!” I hiss, knowing the boys are absolutely trying to listen to us now. 
“I’m not forgetting this,” she threatens. “You have never admitted to liking a boy before and this is officially on my bucket list. I want you to admit you like a boy to me.”
“Lisa!” I hiss. “That’s not fair. I don’t know him at all, and you can’t manipulate me like that.”
She sighs heavily. “I’m sorry. I just want you to be as happy as I am. I mean, I’m obviously terrified and hate the situation we’re in, but Hank and me…” She gets a dreamy smile over her lips. “I think I love him, Mattie. I think I’ve always loved him, more than just a friend.”
“I know you do, and I know he feels that way about you. It’s been obvious to me for about a year,” I point out.
“I regret that we didn’t say something sooner. I always thought… I just assumed we’d have forever, you know? I wish we hadn’t waited. Just don’t think too much, Mattie. I know you will try to talk yourself out of this, but just don’t. Okay?”
I try to take in her words, yet I can’t. Not really. I don’t know Marduke at all. She has known Hank for almost a year, there is a big difference here.
“Sure,” I make the promise, not wanting to disappoint her. 
We drive in mostly silence for a few more hours, giving Hank a break until he knocks on the window and says he’ll take over again. We haven’t crossed the same boarder point again, so I assume we’re not driving a direct way back into America.
I hop out of the truck and move around to the passenger side, assuming Lisa will want to be next to Hank, but she locks the door and points back at Marduke.
I roll my eyes and keep moving, getting into the back with him.
I think for as long as we keep surviving, Lisa is going to try to make me fall in love with Marduke, which is so ridiculous.
I sit next to him, resting my head against the cab and close my eyes, wondering what today will have in store for us. I hope it doesn’t include those awful machines.
Of course, people rarely get what they want.
Chapter 6
Marduke

I can’t take my eyes off her. She’s even more beautiful up close, but there is something more to it. I feel drawn to her; my eyes don’t want to look away, watering as I refuse to even blink. I’m sure social edict says that I shouldn’t stare like this. Not once since this vehicle began moving again has she glanced at me, but I can read signs of discomfort in her. Her shoulders are tense, her arms crossed over her stomach, and while she isn’t looking at me, her eyes are narrowed and unfocused. 
Still, I can’t look away. I’ve thought she is beautiful at the park, but she appears different now. Before, I’ve seen her angry and confident. Right now, I’m seeing more to her. She’s showing me her strength, her resolve and how brave she is. She’s saved my life when she didn’t even know me. Now, I see something else, too. I see vulnerably in her eyes as well as a fear that reaches out to me and makes me want to protect her and keep her safe.
I know without a doubt that we’re making the wrong decision by invading this planet. They might have been slowly killing Earth, but that doesn’t make this attack justified. They don’t deserve to have their homes destroyed, their lives taken away from them, and their planet stolen from them.
My father and Ival are wrong, and I have no idea how I’m meant to fix this. I don’t think I can anymore.
“Quit staring at me; it’s weird,” Mattie snaps at me, her eyes finally landing on me. I see the anger back in full force.
“I’m sorry. You are just so beautiful,” I admit, watching as what I think might be embarrassment redden her face.
“Well, thank you. However, it’s making me uncomfortable. Please stop.” She goes back to watching the scenery passing  while I force myself to do the same.
This planet has so much beauty in it, much prettier than Oden. The terrain is vast and different. You can easily visit other places and experience their differing landscapes. We’ve never had a planet so versatile, and I know my father will be happy to own this one. It’s twice the size of the biggest planet we have, and there is more land here to inhabit. It will make a great asset to our home, but it’s not right. 
We didn’t have the right to steal this planet, and that is exactly what we’re doing. We’re stealing it.
“So, were you traveling alone?” Mattie breaks the silence, and I wonder if I’m allowed to look at her yet.
“I was with my brother.”
“Did you lose him when the invasion happened?” she asks, sympathy marring her voice. 
I glance over at her, finding her staring at me this time. “Yes. We were fighting and I left him,” I admit, wondering briefly where Ival is now. Has he gone back onto our spaceship, or has he stayed on Earth to search for me?
“I’m sorry. That must be hard to not have been able to say goodbye. Maybe you’ll see him again.”
“I hope not.” I watch her face change from pity to curiosity.
“What were you fighting about?”
“We just had a disagreement. He always takes things too far, though.” I decide admitting that he was trying to kill me wouldn’t be a wise comment. It’s not exactly common on my own planet, and I doubt it is here.
“I’m sorry that you were fighting. I have a sister, and although we fought all the time, I’d give anything to see her again. I’d give anything just to know that her and my parents are okay.”
“You were not with them here?” 
“No, they’re home in Australia. I haven’t seen them since Christmas when I went home for a couple of weeks. How long have you been traveling for?”
“About five months.” I try to add it up, thinking it might be six now.
“Are you homesick yet?”
I don’t have to answer that because the vehicle stops, which I’m glad for because I honestly have no idea. I miss my life before all this complication, before Ival decided he wanted to kill me. However, I can’t regret coming here. I definitely don’t regret having the chance to meet Mattie. There is something about her, though I’m not sure what. I doubt I’ll ever know, but I don’t feel ready to leave her just yet.
With the vehicle stopped, Mattie immediately goes on high alert, her shoulders tense and her eyes scanning our surroundings. 
We appear to be on a main street, but none like I’ve seen in Oregon or Vancouver, which are the only two cities I’ve been to. None I’ve seen on TV, either. The documentaries I’ve watched tended to either have nothing to do with buildings or areas, or were focused more on the major cities. 
This street has five one-story buildings along it, all sun damaged and old fashioned. There are a few cars scattered about, two turned over. I see a bloodied arm lying idly next to a crushed side window, the rest of the body not attached. I notice more blood spilled against a wall, a body fallen below the spatter. That is all. I doubt there were many people who lived around here. Now only two bodies remain. I wince, imagining the horror these people saw.
There is stillness in the air that tells me we’re alone—people have either fled, or were taken by the hinema—as I carefully step off the back of the truck, leaning only on my good leg. I slowly put pressure on my knee, feeling the tightness of the strap Mattie has wrapped around me. While it’s painful, I know I can at least limp forward. 
Hank climbs out of the cab up front, and the girl, who’s introduced herself as Lisa, quickly follows. I turn to give Mattie my hand to help her down, but she either doesn’t notice or ignores it. She jumps down beside me and steps around me. 
I again look at the empty street, wondering what we’re doing here at the same time Mattie asks Hank what I’m thinking. “Supplies,” Hank answers. “We need clothing and food. Also, there is a bar here; I could use a drink.”
“But we don’t have any money…” Lisa innocently starts to say. She sounds scared. I notice Hank is blocking the view of the fallen humans, shielding her from the sight, protecting her.
I want to do the same for Mattie; I want to protect her, too. I look back at her, but her gaze is already taking in the wreckage. I watch the horror and fear cross her face and settle in her eyes, but immediately, she stares at Lisa, and I see a resolve. 
“Good idea, Hank. Lisa has been desperate to take me shopping.” She smiles at Lisa who snorts at her comment.
“I meant somewhere half decent; I doubt there will be anything in this tiny place.” She nods at the small building with clothing in the windows. 
“Right now, I’ll be happy with some new underwear. Come on.” Mattie holds out her hand as Hank walks Lisa towards Mattie until Mattie takes over the same space, still protecting Lisa from the view. I have no doubt Lisa has realised the hinema have been through here since she has to have seen the upturned cars as we pulled up, but I have a feeling, if she’d seen the bodies, she wouldn’t be holding it together like she is now.
They disappear into the store as I try to hobble after them. Hank steps up beside me and easily moves my arm over his shoulder, not at all uncomfortable about being near me. If he knew I was an alien, I wonder how comfortable he’d feel then.
“Help me move the bodies so Lisa doesn’t see them when they come out of that store?” he asks, leading us over to the wrecked car first.
“I noticed you shielding her from this, same with Mattie.”
Hank removes my arm from his shoulder. I stand still, watching as he crouches down to stare at the bloodied arm. He holds his hand over his mouth for a moment, and I’m almost positive he’s changed colour. 
“Is there a problem?”
“I’m not sure I can do this…” He briefly glances back at the store front, the one where the girls have disappeared into.
I know what he’s referring to, however I’m unsure why he’s so torn about it. A life has been lost, yes, but that soul is gone. There is no awareness in the body any longer.
I limp forward until I’m next to Hank and lean my side against the tyre to balance myself. Then I kick the arm back into the smashed window and out of sight.
“Dude, what the hell!” Hank hisses, looking pained.
“Didn’t you want to get rid of this so Lisa couldn’t see it?”
“Well, yeah, but that was incredibly… I mean, you just… that was a person. You don’t just kick body parts away. That person deserves some respect, you know?”
He stares at me like I should understand him, and part of me sort of does. Humans are incredibly sentimental. At the same time, it was just an arm. An arm of a dead person who is no longer alive. He was clearly struggling with touching it, and I can hardly crouch down and carefully move it with my knee injured.
“I’m sorry.”
He sighs, again looking over at the store as he stands up. “No, I’m sorry. I didn’t mean to snap. I just… I’m not used to seeing death like this. My grandpa passed away when I was twelve, and they had an open casket and that freaked me out. But this, this is worse. My grandpa was old and died peacefully in his sleep. There is nothing peaceful about a severed arm in the street.”
“I have also never seen death like this.” I look again at the blood spattered wall with the man lifeless under it. We’ve never taken on a planet with a species that have humanity, which are so closely similar to our own. Seeing these people murdered is like looking at my own kind being slaughtered. I’m angry for these humans. I’m angry for what Mattie is going through because she has somehow unwittingly managed to make me care about her. I wish this wasn’t happening, however I’m now powerless to stop it. I’m also destined to become just a lifeless body if Ival gets his way, and he always does.
Hank slowly approaches the other body that is in view of us. “I think I can just pretend this guy is sleeping one off. I’ve seen a lot of unconscious guys at the parties I’ve been to.” Hank winces as he takes hold of the man’s arms and drags him around the side of the building. 
I follow them slowly, my knee protesting every time I put any weight on it. When I turn the corner, I see Hank leaning over the fallen man, holding his hand to his face and closing the man’s eyes. He stays there for a least a few minutes before he stands and walks away.
“Let’s get a drink; I need one.” Hank eyes the sky carefully and then grabs a hold of my arm, helping me move towards the bar. He pauses our walking to place an upturned table over the splatter of blood before he continues on with me.
The bar is empty, of course. There are fallen stools and spilled drinks over the tables and floor. The lights aren’t working and there appears to be no power. The large windows allow enough light shining through so that this isn’t a problem, though.
“I feel like we’re the only ones left, like those bastards have killed everyone but us. This can’t be real. Please let this be a nightmare I’ll wake up from,” Hank mutters to himself, reaching over the bar and grabbing two small glasses along with a bottle filled with an amber liquid.
He pours out two glasses, moving one in front of me, and then with his own, he shoots it back quickly, making a strange face before he swallows it all and pours another shot.
“What you said before, about me and Mattie shielding Lisa,” He eyes me carefully, pouring himself another shot, but not taking it. “She means a lot to me. They both do. Mattie and Lisa are best friends. They’re my best friends, but Lisa is… she’s special. I love her. I have for almost an entire fucking year, and I’ve been too gutless to admit it.”
I grab the glass in front of me, eyeing the liquid while listening intently to Hank. I’m not sure what he’s trying to say to me, but he sounds deadly serious.
“She’s messed up from this. We all are, but Mattie and I have been able to bury that shit deep down inside us. Sure, in the long run I bet we’ll be more messed up, but we don’t have any guarantees we’ll live to see a long run. Lisa isn’t coping with this situation at all, but we need her. She’s like the glue to us. Mattie and I need for her to be okay, and she needs to be protected from certain things to make sure she is okay. You get me?”
“Not really,” I say honestly, finally taking a sip of the drink and nearly spitting it back out. It tastes disgusting and it causes an unnatural heat to work its way down my throat and into my insides. I have no doubt in my mind that this substance is poison. I eye Hank suspiciously. Is he trying to kill me? If so, then why did he just take three mouthfuls of the stuff?
“I just want you to know that we all need each other, and while we might have only just met, I’m relying on you to keep those girls safe.”
He wants me to help him protect Mattie and Lisa. That I can try to do.
“Yes, I promise,” I assure him just as the girls walk through the open doors of the bar. My eyes are immediately drawn to Mattie as she glances around at her surroundings.
“You know, I’ve never seen Mattie take an interest in anyone before, not for romantic reasons at least. But she was so sure we had to save you, so sure that we bring you with us.”
I drag my eyes away from Mattie and look at Hank. I’m again confused as to what he is trying to say, but somewhere deep down, I wonder if maybe she’s just as fascinated with me as I am with her.
“We loaded up the truck with some new clothes. We grabbed some things for you guys, too.” Mattie’s eyes are on me, suddenly making me feel a bit nervous. I’ve never been around humans like this before. Even when I first woke up, I was only faced with a one-on-one conversation with Mattie and then Hank, who fell asleep quickly. A group setting feels different.
“Good, how about a drink?” Hank holds up the bottle, and surprisingly, they both look relieved to see it.
Hank grabs two more glasses and fills them up. Just as he hands one to Mattie, I wonder if this is a test of some sort. Surely they aren’t going to drink poison? Is this meant to be a suicide?
“This is poison,” I blurt out nervously. 
“Well, yeah, I guess.” Lisa stares at me strangely before shooting the poison back into her throat and holding the glass back out for Hank to refill.
I look at Mattie and bite my tongue when she also swallows the amber liquid.
“God, that tastes awful, but I needed that.” She winces, but soon, she gives me a small smile.
“Why are you drinking this?” I ask them all, feeling out of place.
“Because we’ve had a shit few days and we deserve the escape.” Lisa takes another shot and leans into Hank’s side. He’s quick to wrap his arm over her shoulder.
“Escape?”
“Don’t tell me you’ve never gotten drunk before!” Hank gasps, laughing to himself.
“Drunk?” I look back at the amber liquid and recall discussions on alcohol in some of the TV shows I’ve seen. This is what alcohol tastes like? This is what it is? It’s considered recreational to drink poison?
“It looks like there is another adult in the world that’s as boring as you, Mattie.” Hank tips his glass to her and takes another shot.
“I take my basketball career seriously. I will have plenty of time to get…” she trails off and I see sadness take over. The whole atmosphere changes, and I know that we all realise there probably won’t be plenty of time ever again. “Whatever. Someone needs to be sober enough to drive, so have at it.” She leaves her empty glass on the bar and storms away.
“You shouldn’t bait her like that.” Lisa pokes Hank in the shoulder, spilling a bit of her drink at the same time. 
“I didn’t mean to. I should go after her.” Hank sets his drink down, but I hold out my hand, stopping him.
“I’ll go. I don’t much like this drink anyway.” I place down my drink next to Mattie’s empty one and hobble towards the exit, seeing Mattie leaning against the wall outside as she stares up at the sky. The sun has already moved away from overhead; soon we’ll be encased in darkness.
“Is everything okay?” I gaze at her, holding my breath as her eyes connect with mine. Again, I feel my instincts overwhelming me inside, wanting me to move closer to her and protect her somehow. I’m on a planet that I don’t know, in a place I have no experience, on the outs with my own flesh and blood, and I’m injured. There is no way I should be focusing on anyone else other than myself. I need to figure out a way to get back home. My father doesn’t want me dead, just Ival.
I can’t leave her, though, and I can’t seem to sentence this planet to be taken by us.
I’m stuck in an impossible place, completely torn inside. Yet, as I look into her eyes, I feel things I’ve never felt before. I feel beyond terrified, nervous and weirdly on edge. I want to do a million things at once, like wrap my arms around her and taste her lips. I want to touch every inch of her body to know how she feels. I want her warm breath on my skin. I want everything, and I also want to turn and walk back into that bar, away from her.
I’m so far out of my league right now. I’m sure that won’t ever change, either; not when I’m around Mattie.
Chapter 7
Mattie

It’s too much; he’s staring at me again. I don’t think anyone has looked at me for so long and so deeply. It’s unnerving because I have no idea what he sees. Does he see just a pretty face? Does he see the only female in our small group that isn’t attached to someone else? Does he see an opportunity to have a quick fling as the world ends? Does he see the girl who helped save his life? Or maybe he sees the same thing I see in him—a person torn away from their family, wanting to go home. Maybe he sees himself in me?
“I grabbed some tweezers from the store.” I pull them out of my back pocket and break our eye contact. I think he just sighed in relief. I know he must be in a lot of discomfort from some of the glass wedged in his skin. Why hasn’t he complained about the pain? Not that I want him to; whiners are the worst, even when they have every right to complain.
“Tweezers?” He sounds genuinely confused. 
“Yeah, to take out the glass. We can do it now, if it’s bothering you?” 
“Take the glass where?”
I stare at him curiously. Is this a language thing, or is this guy going a little crazy?
“Take the glass out of your body. It’s dangerous to leave it in. Your body won’t heal with it still in there, and it’ll just get more painful and possibly infected.”
“You’re a medic?” He sounds surprised and maybe a little impressed. This guy can’t be for real.
“No, of course not. But it doesn’t take a doctor to know that. Come and lie down in the light. It might have been better for you to be drunk for this.”
“It’s poison; I don’t know why you hum—why you drink it.”
I roll my eyes. Usually I have to defend the fact that I don’t drink alcohol, and now I’m about to defend the people who do drink it.
“People drink it for all sorts of reasons. To have a good time, to party, just to get drunk, to forget, or even just to be sociable. I’m the first to admit it’s not the best thing to do on a regular basis, but it’s a part of life. And right now, Lisa is right; we’ve had a shit few days and I completely understand the need to forget it, even if it’s only for a short while.”
“So why aren’t you still drinking?”
“I don’t know,” I admit, knowing I probably should want to drink away this situation. Marduke awkwardly moves onto his ass and then lies down along the wooden ground outside the pub. I crouch down beside him and assess the damage.
He has several small pieces of glass wedged into one side of his face, some along his neck and a lot over his arms. Dried blood trails his shoulder where I pulled out the larger chunk of glass. I move his sleeve up to the top of his shoulder, hoping I was correct in my earlier assessment that he won’t need stitches.
It already appears to be healing, although it would have been great if we could have done this in a bathroom so I could wash the blood away from his skin to see if I’m missing any that are hidden.
I lean close to his face, feeling his eyes on me the entire time as I gently pull out the small shards of glass I can see. We’re close enough that I know he will be able to feel my breath on his skin.
“Do you think you could close your eyes or something? You’re making me nervous,” I finally say, watching my hand shake a little.
He doesn’t answer me, yet he does close his eyes.
I try to be gentle, but I’m sure I’m not. A couple times I end up pushing the glass deeper before I can get a good grip on it. Mostly they’re all small slivers, making my eyes start to hurt from straining them so much.
Then I move down to his neck, finding an old scar along the back. I have no idea what it could be from, however I decide that is a conversation for another time and keep moving along until I finally make my way to his shoulder again.
“Think you can take your shirt off? It’ll make it easier to see your shoulder.” I lean back on my legs, stretching out my back. 
I hear distant laughter from inside the bar, and I imagine Lisa and Hank are probably off their faces by now.
Marduke hesitates; I sense that he’s conflicted about taking his shirt off. I have no idea why, already I can tell that he’s fit. Before my mind takes me down strange pathways, wondering what his deal is, he shifts his arms and pulls up his shirt, taking it off himself and revealing that he has a vest on under his shirt. I reach out and touch it, feeling that the material is soft and padded. I’ve almost forgotten about the bullet-proof vest I felt earlier, the same one that saved his life back in Vancouver.
“How did you get this?” I ask, again wondering if he’s in the military perhaps. Although he’s mentioned he was a tourist, and I doubt they hand them out for you to take home, I wonder why he would wear one on a vacation to Canada? It’s not the dodgiest place in the world. 
“It is a family… heirloom.” 
I have no idea why, but he looks nervous. I’m also pretty sure he has misused the word heirloom since bullet-proof vests haven’t been around long enough to be considered an heirloom. I let it go, though. I have a better view of his shoulder now, and I also see tattoos trailing along the edges of the vest. He obviously has many over his chest, but I can’t see what they are of.
“You have tattoos?” I question, leaning over his arm and getting back to work, hoping he’ll stop being so tense to make this less painful on him.
“Yes.”
“How many?” I’ve never gotten a tattoo before. Some of my teammates have them, mostly from championships they’ve won, though a couple people have the general butterflies or foreign words. I can’t say I’ve ever felt the need to get one. I think for me to permanently ink something on my skin, it’ll have to be incredibly important to me. 
“A lot.” He still seems nervous, and I wonder if his tattoos are personal for him, too personal for an almost stranger to be commenting on it.
“Sorry, I don’t mean to pry. I’m almost finished here. I’m not hurting you too much, am I?”
“I’m fine.” 
I pull out the rest of the glass that I can see, but he really needs to wash away the blood before I can be sure.
“There’ll be a bathroom in the pub, maybe wipe your face and arms and we’ll see if I’ve missed any. Then we should get going. I’m not sure if it’s wise to stay in places like this.”
Marduke nods his head, indicating that he agrees, and then sets off inside. I follow behind and grab a bottle of coke from behind the bar to drink. Hank and Lisa are making out in the corner, and to be honest, I’m not entirely sure that they would stop there if I didn’t call out to them to let them know we’re leaving soon.
They still keep kissing as though their lives depend on it. 
I leave them, going into the dark bathroom,  as well, to use the facilities and wash my own face. I don’t know how long we’ll have easy access to running water. Without people to make these things work, I assume everything will eventually just stop.
What will happen to Earth? Will those machines leave once they’ve killed everyone? Or will more come to inhabit the planet? Will Earth be overrun by those things?
When I step out of the bathroom, I first notice Marduke, who is standing by the bar, and then I follow his gaze to the others. Lisa is sitting on top of Hank, their kisses desperate and incredibly over the top. They’re still fully clothed—thank God—but I notice Hank’s hand wandering up the front of Lisa’s t-shirt. 
“Did I get it all?” I ask him, looking away from Hank and Lisa, wondering if I’ve ever been more embarrassed in my life.
“Yes. Are they…? Should we leave?” he questions, appearing not at all embarrassed; more curious.
“We’re leaving in a second. Trust me, it’s better they do this here than when we’re stuck in the truck with them.”
“Have you ever done that?” He nods at them, and I don’t know what he’s talking about. Because it can’t be kissing since everyone has done that by this age, right? 
“Are you talking about sex?” I blurt, trying to feel as nonchalant as he appears to be over this conversation.
“That isn’t sex, is it?” He turns to face me and my mouth drops open.
“They’re still fully clothed and they know we’re around! They’d never do that—wait, you think they’re having sex? You’ve had sex before, right?”
I think I have definitely just overstepped. Surely, though, Marduke has had sex before. Not only is he attractive with a charming accent, but he’s confident. He doesn’t appear awkward or nervous, at least not about something like this. He’s only awkward with me when our language barrier becomes a problem.
“I’m too young to have children,” he states like that should be obvious.
“Children? What?” 
“One has sex to have children. I am not to be joined with a mate yet, and I am not required to produce children until I am older.”
“Okay,” I decide to ignore his awkward translation, “but what about recreational sex? You don’t only have sex for the purpose of having kids.” I’m honestly baffled by this conversation, and so incredibly far out of my comfort zone. I’m also surprised that I’m most likely about to defend something that I never have had to before. First with the drinking, and now this. Because I’ve also never had sex, mostly because boys don’t interest me. However, I do understand why people do it, and I understand that you don’t just have sex for the purpose of having kids. What planet is this guy from?
“My people—I see things differently.”
“Obviously. I’m thinking that’ll be a tune that will change after you’ve had it.” This guy can’t be real.
“You’ve had sex before?” His eyes narrow on me, looking almost annoyed. Is that because he’s irrationally jealous, or because he thinks I’m tainted or something? Either of those two options for his anger is not appealing to me.
“No, but I think you’re missing the point of it. It’s not just about getting knocked up. It’s about connecting, about feeling good, and sometimes, it’s about love.”
“How can you know this if you’ve never had it?”
“I don’t know; everyone knows this stuff. You talk to friends who have done it before, or you just watch a movie or TV show to get this. I saw episodes of Sex and the City. I’m sure there is a boy equivalent you should have seen by now.” I shrug, noticing the darkening sky, knowing we should leave.
“I’ve never heard it described in such a way.”
“Yeah, well, don’t get any ideas. This,” I wave my hand between us, “is never going to happen.” 
I step away from him, nearing the two lovebirds, and I’m pretty sure I just saw Hank’s hand disappearing inside Lisa’s pants. “Guys, stop! It’s time to go.” 
I look back over at the bar, thinking I’ll need a bucket of cold water to get them apart, but then I hear Hank cursing.
Lisa gets up a little shaky, having the grace to flush red in embarrassment when she realises the audience they have. “Sorry, we’re ready to go,” she slightly slurs her words. Hank stands behind her, and I hate knowing why he does that.
“You guys can cool off in the back. Marduke and I will ride up front.” I move over to Marduke and let him put his arm over my shoulder. A short hop isn’t too bad, but the truck isn’t that close to here and his knee needs as much rest as he can get.
He’s placed his t-shirt back on, making me wonder again about the vest. I’m positive there is a story behind it, however I don’t want to freak him out by harping on over it. It doesn’t really matter anyway. It doesn’t change our situation. 
“We should get food and drinks before we leave here,” Hank says. I look back to see him stumbling along, definitely drunk. Lisa is better composed, but her eyes are glazed and her face is relaxed.
“We’ll get you both to the car and then Lisa and I will go get some supplies,” I say, watching Lisa nod at me as she quickly grabs Hank’s arm before he walks into the doorway leading outside.
“Get some booze. I think we’ll need a lot of it to get through this.” Hank smiles lazily and then drapes his arm over Lisa’s shoulder, putting himself in the same position as Marduke and me except I know he’s letting his entire weight lean onto her. 
“Thank you,” Marduke says to me as I help him into the passenger seat. I leave him with his legs dangling out, knowing he’s watching me walk away.
I then help Lisa out with Hank, hoisting him up onto the back as he laughs his head off at something. Our clothes are packed away on one side of the back in bags where Hank rests his head on one while trying to grab Lisa with his hand. She scoots away and hops down next to me.
We walk in silence for a few steps before Lisa puts her hand over my arm to halt us.
“What?” I ask distractedly, my gaze already looking ahead to the store we’re about to steal from.
“I think I want to have sex with Hank.”
“What?” I quickly look back at her, seeing determination and nerves in her expression. I so don’t want to know this.
“It’s the end of the world, and I love him.”
“Don’t you think that’s moving pretty fast?” I blurt out, wishing we could have this conversation… never.
“Hello? Did you not hear me just say it’s the end of the world?” she responds so calmly I wonder if she’s just accepted that fact now, or if the alcohol has made that easier to say. Because it definitely hasn’t made it any easier for me to hear.
“Well, can you at least wait until Marduke and I aren’t around you? That is the last thing I want to see.” I smile and lightly elbow her, letting her know I’m not upset.
We begin walking again, moving towards the final building on this small street. The old and faded sign reads ‘Marcy’s Market.’ It’s eerie to have it be so empty here.
“I can’t believe we’re finally together. Can you believe that?” Lisa is still gushing over Hank.
“I can, actually, since twice in two days I’ve seen you guys sucking face.” I roll my eyes at her as I grab a plastic bag from the one checkout at the front of the store. Then we move in to start filling it with canned food and bottled water.
“I can’t wait to tell my sister. She’s going to be so…” Lisa cuts herself off. By the time I turn my head to gaze at her, she has tears falling down her face.
“Don’t cry. I’m sure they’re okay,” I lie, wishing it wasn’t a lie. I wish we weren’t facing this reality.
“I don’t know what I’ll do without my family. I need them, Mattie,” she cries into my shoulder.
“I know.” I drop the bag and then hug her to me, feeling her grief coupling with mine. “But we have to be strong for them. We stay alive to keep their memories alive, okay?”
Lisa nods, though I still feel the wetness of her tears on my shoulder and neck.
“So sex with Hank, hey? What do you think that’ll be like?” I force myself to ask, hoping it distracts her.
She takes a few deep breaths before she thinks about her answer. “Well, he’s officially the best guy I’ve kissed. If he can blow my mind just with a kiss, then I think I’m in for the best sex of my life. Plus, I’ve already seen his package, and wow,” she gushes as I swallow down any vomit that is forcing its way up. I’m not a prude, but Hank is like a brother to me. I definitely don’t need to be hearing this.
“My last statement stands; try and wait until you’re alone.”
I watch her lean away from me and wipe her eyes dry. “We will. Not that we’re ever alone, unless you take Marduke for a long walk or something. He seems like a nice guy.”
“He’s a bit strange.” I get the feeling that I’ll be spending a lot more alone time with Marduke if Lisa and Hank do actually sleep together.
“He’s easy on the eyes, that’s for sure. And he definitely seems to be infatuated with you.”
“I doubt that, but he does stare a lot. Have you seen his eyes? They’re this beautiful green colour.”
Lisa stops walking and her mouth drops open in shock. “Are you actually talking to me right now about a guy’s eye colour?”
“Yeah, why?”
“What about the rest of him? His broad shoulders, his muscled arms, his delicious chocolate skin or his chiselled jaw and those lips—gosh, don’t get me started!” Lisa gushes while I find myself getting annoyed at her.
“I’m sorry; do you like Hank or Marduke here?” I snap.
“Whoa, calm down there. I love Hank. I’m just pointing out to you that there is more to admire about Marduke than his ‘beautiful eyes’.”
“Whatever. Are you going to help me or what?”
As we make our way to the very back of the store, I see a door that has been left wide open. Peeking through it, I find an office that appears to have been ransacked. 
“What’s in there?”
“Just papers, I think.” I take another step in and notice a safe is open at the back and there is money scattered about inside. I’d imagine there is over five thousand dollars in random notes. 
I don’t know why, but I move towards it and pick up some of the money. 
Right now, and probably from now on, money will be useless. For something that used to mean everything to some people, it has no purpose now.
I let go of the notes, watching them float down onto the ground, slightly fascinated by the sight. That’s when I see something else in the safe. Something in the far back and maybe even what the person who made a mess of this safe was actually after.
There are two grenades just sitting innocently in the back.
Grenades! What the hell would a grocery store need grenades in it for?
 I reach in and take hold of them, wishing I wasn’t holding explosives in my hand, but knowing that I’d be an idiot to leave them behind.
“Did you hear that?” Lisa hisses from the doorway.
“Hear what?” I ask, but when I start to listen, I hear in the distance my name being called. It doesn’t sound like Hank, so I assume it must be Marduke. Then I hear Lisa’s name being called, and that is definitely Hank’s panicked voice.
“It sounds urgent.” Lisa worries, already heading back towards the front door.
“Hank probably peed himself or something,” I mutter, hoping I’m right.
But boy am I wrong.
Chapter 8
Mattie

When I make it to the front door of the store, I don’t understand what is wrong at first. Hank is stumbling towards us and Marduke is trying awkwardly to get to us as well. I instinctively look to the sky, expecting to see some sort of spaceship above us.
There is nothing, not that I’ve seen any in Vancouver when clearly there were. They might be invisible, so that doesn’t mean there isn’t something above us.
So what has the boys so riled up?
Lisa and I run to meet Hank, and I look over my shoulder, realising what has them screaming our names. Charging towards us is one of those awful machines. 
The ground shakes as it nears us, kicking an abandoned car along the way. The car flies towards the main street, straight through the store Lisa and I were just inside. 
Lisa screams in fear as she races faster towards Hank. Together, they run back to the truck. I’m not far behind them. I grab hold of Marduke’s arm, thankful he’s still close to the vehicle. I push him into the seat, throwing the bag of food on his lap and slamming the door shut.
“Keys!” I yell at Hank, running around the front and making it to the driver’s side. Hank throws the keys at me and I catch them mid-air then jump in, Marduke already opening the door for me. 
Out of habit, I drive on the left side of the road—not that it matters—my foot slamming down hard on the accelerator.
We fly through the air, our tyres sliding a little on the dirt ground before we find traction. 
“Take some shots at it,” I yell at Marduke, taking my hand off the wheel to point at the weapons we were given resting between us.
“I don’t know how.” He sounds frantic, still reaching for the weapons. 
Hank bangs loudly on the small window separating us from the back where he and Lisa are. Marduke slides it open.
“Give me the guns now!” he shouts at us, and Marduke quickly listens. 
I look at the rear-view mirror and see the machine gaining on us. Then it moves its arms and the sides open up. I remember easily what those things were able to do back in Vancouver. Hank and Lisa are completely exposed back there.
“Get down!” I scream at them, hearing the first shots erupting. 
Without thinking, I put my foot down on the brakes and take a sharp left. The truck spins out of control as I fear how Hank and Lisa are staying in the back.
We spin twice before I properly stop, the front of our truck now facing the machine as it opens fire again. 
I duck down, grabbing Marduke. We hug the seat as glass rains down on us. The truck flies backwards, thankfully not tipping over.
More shots are fired, and when I turn my head to glance upwards, I see through the small window that Hank is using the cab as a shield.
He fires at the machine. He’s a good shot; I know he’ll be getting direct hits, but it’s still coming. The ground shakes more violently, and the truck begins to move again, this time the front wheels come off the ground, and Marduke and I are thrown back in our seats.
One of the plastic bags hits me in the arm as it flies upwards and that is when I see the food and bottled drinks scattering out as we’re jolted back to the ground. The grenades I had so haphazardly thrown in now shuffle to the ground. 
“Hank!” I scream his name, stretching my arm to reach one of the grenades. 
The truck moves again and this time we do topple over. Neither of us have put seatbelts on, so we both crash to the ceiling, my head taking most of the impact as my legs fall into the steering wheel.
I scream in shock, and as my mind catches up, I realise there is no way Hank and Lisa would be okay after being crushed into the road.
“Hank!” I scream out again, panicking as the truck is hit once more and we slide along the road. “Lisa!” I screech when we finally stop and hands grab hold of me, dragging me through the windshield which broke long ago.
It’s Hank, and as he drags me free, he quickly moves back to take hold of Marduke. Blood pours down from my forehead, but I don’t bother checking myself any further. My eyes first find the machine as it leers over us then I see Lisa off to the side, hiding by some bushes. 
“We need to get out of here, now!” Hank has Marduke up and on his feet. The truck shakes as the machine shoots at it, and I’m half expecting a fireball to burst out at us.
“Take this!” I thrust the grenade into Hank’s hand and then wrap Marduke’s arm over my shoulder.
Hank begins shooting with the handgun, heading around the truck and jogging in the opposite direction to Lisa. 
I stumble her way with Marduke, hoping Hank can keep the attention on him while we get away.
Marduke grunts in pain as he has to put heavy pressure on his knee, and I cry in shock when I feel his body jolt forward from the impact of a bullet hitting his back. He pushes me off him and I lose my balance, falling to the ground. 
“Run!” he yells at me. But before I can even consider moving at all, an explosion erupts and everything goes black.

***

“Mattie?” Someone shakes my arm roughly. In fact, my whole body shifts from the force.
I open my eyes, not seeing much around me because of the darkening sky overhead. When did it get to be night-time?
“She’s awake. Lisa, she’s okay.” Hank’s voice is clear, but he’s definitely not close enough to be sitting next to me, crouching over me. 
I jolt away from the touch that is still over my arm.
“Mattie?” Lisa wails my name then I feel her arms wrap around me as she sobs my name over and over.
“What’s going on?” I ask Hank, feeling sore as I move my arms up to wrap around Lisa.
“We killed that fucker, but you got hurt and blacked out,” Hank explains.
“Hurt how?” I feel my head, pain radiating strongly there as well as my neck. I can’t feel any blood, dried or fresh.
“You’ve got a nasty gash along your forehead; otherwise, I don’t know. You would have hit your head pretty hard when the truck toppled over.”
“Toppled over?” I try to remember what happened, suddenly recalling the terrifying event. “How did you guys survive that?” I gasp, checking them both over for injuries. Apart from Lisa’s knees having holes in the jeans and obvious blood stains around the torn material along with a few scratches along Hank’s arms and face, I see no breaks or loss of limbs. 
“Hank threw us out before it happened. Didn’t warn me, of course, of what was going on,” Lisa says, her voice breaking and more tears falling down her face. Taking a closer look at her, I’d say she’s been crying for a while; her eyes are bloodshot and puffy. 
“It wasn’t like I had much time to think. That grenade saved our lives.” Hank lightly slaps my shoulder, leaving his hand there to squeeze. I see the relief in his eyes. He was worried about me. They all were. Even Marduke appears relieved.
“You were shot!” I gasp, finally taking in Marduke’s appearance. 
“The vest protected me again. I think this shirt might be ruined, though, or at the very least, it is bad luck.” He smiles, perhaps trying to make a joke, but it falls flat.
“I can’t believe we all almost died,” Lisa cries, sobbing freely again as she wraps me and Hank in a hug. I’m pulled into a sitting position and the head rush I feel isn’t pleasant.
We stay like this for a few moments before Hank pulls her away from me and lifts her into his lap, wrapping his arms around her and trying to soothe her. Their earlier buzz from drinking is definitely long gone.
“What do we do now?” I ask, grateful to be released from the awkward position. 
My heart breaks for Lisa. I hate how upset she is and that none of us can really have any words to make her feel better. What has just happened to us is scary as hell and nothing we can say will change that.
“It’s going to get dark soon, and obviously, the truck is unusable. I think we should just camp out somewhere around here, hope nothing comes for us through the night, and then figure out a plan tomorrow,” Hank suggests.
“Okay,” I agree then turn to see Marduke nodding his head.
Hank picks Lisa up, watches to make sure I’m steady on my feet, which I barely am, and then he walks away from the road and wreckage towards a small grouping of trees up ahead.
Marduke’s arm falls down over my shoulder and at first I think he’s trying to ask me to help him walk, but then he pulls me towards him and wraps his other arm around me, holding me to his chest.
“I’m happy you are awake. I was… it was scary when you wouldn’t open your eyes. I felt… I’ve never been so afraid before. It was… new.” His voice shakes as he speaks. 
I don’t know how to answer that, so I just rest my head on his shoulder for a moment and relax in his arms. For a few seconds, I allow myself to be enveloped in his warmth and feel almost like I’m caged in a security blanket. Then I pull back and grab his left hand when he tries to move his arm off my shoulder.
“I’ll help you.”
“You don’t need to do that; I can manage without you.”
“I’ll feel better if you let me help,” I say honestly, grateful when he leaves his arm around me because, yes, I will feel better knowing he’s not struggling behind us. Also because I think I could use the contact to ward off the terror trying to still grip me at what we’ve just gone through.
We stumble into the field while my headache grows worse, but I keep in my complaints. I still hear Lisa’s quiet sobs. I hope she cries herself out soon.
My mind is reeling from what it means that we were found by that machine. It was expected that we’d find those machines in the city, but part of me thought we’d be safer out here. As far as I can tell, there is no one else around us. This small town is empty. People either left of their own volition or were taken. Why did the need arise to come back through here? Why was it here? Can they sense us? Did they know there were humans alive here? If they can track us, then we’re in a lot more trouble than we’ve realised. How are we supposed to survive, even in a forest, if they can find us no matter what?
“Are you okay?” Marduke asks, sounding breathless. He’s beginning to lean down more on me, so I know his injured knee must be killing him.
“Yeah, just thinking,”
“About what?”
“About those things and how they found us. It could have been a coincidence, maybe one was just coming through this way and got lucky, but what if it’s a different reason?”
“What reason?” Marduke stops us and he lifts my chin so I’m forced to look into his eyes. He appears deadly serious, and it gives me shivers to be standing so close to him. 
“Maybe they can track us? Maybe they won’t ever stop coming for us.” I hear the hitch in my voice and feel the tears falling down my face. I wish he didn’t have to see me looking so weak.
Marduke pulls me back against him, hugging me again to his chest with his arms tightening around me securely. “I’ll keep you safe, I promise,” he whispers. Even though we both know he has no control over those machines, I appreciate the effort he’s making, considering we don’t know each other very well.
“Guys, it’s getting dark,” Hank calls out. 
I quickly pull out of Marduke’s arms, seeing Lisa staring at us, her mouth open. Although I should be annoyed about the interrogation she’ll have for me as soon as we’re alone, I’m not. I’m just grateful to see she’s not crying, and just maybe her over-thinking things about me and Marduke will give her a few moments peace from worrying about those machines. 
We quickly reach them, and when I sit, I find the ground is soft and the grass is cold. I miss sleeping on a proper bed.
“Mattie?” Lisa’s voice sounds uncertain. 
I crawl forward until I bump into her. She grips hold of my arm and wraps herself around it, cuddling into my side. I get the feeling she won’t be letting go anytime soon. I hear Hank settling in next to her, and Marduke manages to make his way next to me. He keeps his distance, yet his hand touches my own and our fingers link together. I feel content like this, my headache receding a little.
For a few moments it’s silent, and then I hear a growl. And then a louder one.
“What is that?” I whisper.
“My stomach. I’m hungry,” Hank whines.
“Don’t talk about food,” Lisa hisses. Seconds later, I hear her stomach growling, too.
“What I wouldn’t do for a cheeseburger—ouch!” Hank cries out just after I hear a slap. Lisa must have hit him.
“I said stop talking about cheeseburgers and fries and shakes, and oh, my God, I’m so hungry!” Lisa whines. 
Even after all the events that we’ve just been through, food has been the furthest thing from my mind… until now.
“I could totally go for a tuna melt on wheat.” I lick my lips, suddenly starved.
“Seriously? It’s the end of the world, you’ve barely eaten in days, and you’re hungry for tuna and healthy bread?” Lisa squeals. Then it’s her turn to hit me this time, although it’s only lightly.
“Well, I’m not saying I wouldn’t say no to a greasy pepperoni pizza if one presented itself in front of me.”
Hank growls, not his stomach this time. “I’d walk through fire for a pizza, one with the works.”
“Don’t forget the garlic bread!” Lisa speaks up.
“How about you, Marduke? What are you craving?” I ask, noticing he’s been quiet through our torturous exchange. I squeeze his hand lightly, wondering if our talk of food has upset him.
“I miss my normal food from home. The ingredients that you have in these foods here are not healthy. I don’t understand why you eat them. They’re doing awful things to your bodies.”
“Oh, no, not another health nut,” Hank teases.
“You have so many health problems, so many weight issues. I’ve never heard of obesity before.”
“You guys have fat people in France, just like the rest of the world,” Lisa points out.
I wonder how sheltered Marduke’s life has been, wonder what he thought when he left home for Canada. If he’s surprised by overweight people, then he must have grown up completely isolated.
“How about we go back to your original idea and not talk about food. I didn’t even realise I was hungry before; now my stomach is a gaping hole.” I decide it’s time to change the subject.
“Fine, let’s talk about that forest. I don’t think we’re far from it now. If we can get one of those cars by the town to work, then we should be able to reach it tomorrow easily.”
“What if we find more of those machines?” Lisa whispers.
“We need to get a supply of grenades. That thing didn’t stand a chance against it. Guns appear to have no impact—I hit it in the chest and head, and it didn’t even slow it down.”
“You need to get behind it, shoot it in the back of its neck,” Marduke speaks up, his hand now gripping mine so hard it hurts.
“What? Are you sure?”
“Yeah, I know… I saw someone do that before. It worked.” He sounds nervous again, but I think that we’re all just tired and edgy. To be honest, I’m struggling to get my words out right, let alone speaking a secondary language.
“It’s worth a try, if there is a next time,” I point out.
“Sure, except we have no bullets left,” Hank mutters angrily.
“Then we get some more.”
“Where did you get that grenade from? Was that in the pickup?” Hank asks. I think I hear some excitement in his voice now, no doubt recalling the fact that he was able to destroy that machine with the grenade.
“No, I found it in the shop. There were two, so there should be another one in that truck if it survived.”
“That was lucky. We would have been…” I feel Lisa tense beside me, and I know from Hank trailing off that he’s felt it, too. “…in trouble. But it all worked out, and it will keep working out for us. I think we make a great team.”
“Are you still drunk? You were the only one who was able to do anything,” Lisa whines.
“Mattie was the one driving; she was the one who risked her life by turning the truck around and putting her and Marduke in the line of fire to give us cover. She also came up with the grenade.”
I feel awkward at Hank’s words. Not because I’m embarrassed by his praise, but because he just pointed out that I put Marduke’s life at risk without even asking him.
“Fine, the two of you are amazing. But Marduke is too injured to be of any use to us, and I’m a complete wimp,” Lisa complains at the same time I feel Marduke’s arm twitch next to me. 
I want to chastise Lisa for saying Marduke is useless because that isn’t true. He’s just told us that shooting those machines in the back of their necks would take them down. If that proves to be correct, then he’ll have been invaluable to us. 
“You’re not a wimp. Remember when that giant chick was chasing you in your last lacrosse game? I mean, that girl was a freaking freight train coming straight at you with basically a weapon, and you didn’t even slow down. You waited for the right moment and got that ball into the net then stayed right where you were, making that beast have to jump out of your way,” Hank points out.
“You watched that game?”
“I saw every game you played. I was sure I would be visiting you in the hospital after that, though.” Hank sounds tense. I bite my tongue, wanting to add that I was also at that game and Hank was a mess the entire time. I thought he was going to faint several times. Basically, whenever someone came close to Lisa, he would almost jump out of his seat in fear for her.
“Playing lacrosse is different, that’s just a sport. Right now, this is real, and I’m failing.”
“Bravery doesn’t mean being the one to take the shot. You didn’t freeze up, you didn’t cause distractions, and you took care of yourself so Hank and Mattie could do what was needed,” Marduke speaks up. I’m so grateful for his words, too.
“He’s right. You could be crying in the fetal position right now, but you’re not. Give yourself a break. We’re all going through a lot. No one expects you to be superwoman,” I reason. 
“I know; I just feel so terrified when those things are around. I don’t know what to do.”
“Just do what we say, or if something happens, then just run,” Hank suggests.
“What’s going to happen to us? Are they just slaughtering everyone? Where are all the people going? What are they doing to them?” Lisa whispers, fear making her voice shake.
And there it is—the complete unknown that scares the crap out of me. At first, I assumed that we were being slaughtered, but where are all the bodies? Why haven’t we come across more? What if some of us are being killed, but some are being taken?
I don’t want my family to be dead, but maybe what is done to them after they’re taken is worse than death? What if this invasion isn’t the end of us, but a new beginning?
A worse beginning?
What if the worst is still to come?
Chapter 9
Marduke

I wake up, still holding Mattie’s hand, not at all sure when I fell asleep. The mood last night took a turn for the worse after Lisa mentioned the humans might actually be getting abducted. After there wasn’t an answer to that, I know they all got stuck thinking of the awful situation they’re in—we’re all in, actually. 
All night, my mind kept playing around Mattie’s words from earlier—that maybe they’ve tracked us. I wasn’t aware of any technology like that being in play from the machines, but it’s possible. However, they should have been able to sense my DNA, and that is meant to keep them from trying to harm me. It’s not, though.
When we made a run for it, after we escaped the truck, Hank was shooting at it. It should have had its attention on him, not on us, yet it took a shot at me. Hank was the imminent threat, and the human they’ve been sent here to either kill or take. Regardless, it followed our movements and attempted to take me down, for a second time in two days. 
So maybe they aren’t tracking humans, but tracking me. And if that is the case, then I’m the most dangerous person these people can hang around. By saving my life back in Vancouver, they probably just signed up for the scariest ride of their life with no other end but death.
So while my thoughts were stuck on this, and I’m sure the others had similar thoughts of their own mortality, I was surprised when they started talking about food again. It then led to a restaurant they had all been to, which then made them recall a funny story about the waiter slipping over and landing head first into a man’s plate of pasta. From then on, they kept the stories coming, laughing hard at each one. 
Lisa had the most stories to tell, and I loved listening to Mattie’s laugh. Each time she laughed, she squeezed my hand. I don’t think it was intentional, but each time, it made my heart beat faster. 
I’ve never felt this reaction to someone before. Although, I’ve also never spent so much time surrounded by the opposite sex. There has been no need for me to interact with anyone, not even the female I am to mate with when it comes time for that.
So while it could be the fact that I’ve never been exposed to a female like this, I then have to wonder why only Mattie? I’ve seen many women on this planet, but only Mattie has stuck in my mind. Only she can make my body react in a way I’ve never felt before.
She shifts in her sleep next to me and turns, her head resting along my arm. Sometimes she appears very brave and strong, yet then I see her like this, so vulnerable, giving me this strong need to protect her. 
I want her off this planet and out of harm’s way. But then what? She doesn’t even know I’m not human. Plus, I’ll never be allowed to see her again. My family would forbid it. Even if I could find a way around that, she’ll never want to see me again once she knows the truth. After what she’s seen the hinema do, there is no way she’ll trust me.
“Hey,” Mattie mumbles, her eyes open and her gaze on me. She hasn’t moved yet, and I’m not ready to have her pull away from me.
“Hi,” I lamely reply. She’s staring at me intently, causing me to begin to worry over what she’s seeing.
“Are you okay? You look… upset maybe? Or worried?” She sits up, leaving my arm, making me feel cold without her. Her hand is still in mine and I grip her harder, not wanting to lose all contact with her.
“Just thinking about stuff.” I decide to stay vague. 
“In this situation we’re in, that is probably best avoided. You don’t want to dwell on the negative.”
“You’re right.” I know it’s stupid to worry about what will happen to us if I manage to get her off Earth and out of harm’s way, or if I tell her who I really am. We need to first survive this situation before I worry about that.
“I’m starving. Let’s go check out the truck.” She lets go of my hand, moving away from Lisa. 
Before I can voice a complaint that she’s no longer touching me, she holds out her hand to help me up. “How’s your knee?”
“A little better,” I lie. It still hurts, although I’m finding it less excruciating to put pressure on it than yesterday, so maybe that is an improvement. I should heal faster than what a human would with the same injury, however I haven’t had my usual nutrients since I ran from Ival and I haven’t exactly been taking it easy.
We both look back at Lisa and Hank, sleeping soundly in each other’s arms. 
“I think we should let them sleep a little longer,” Mattie suggests.
I move my arm over her shoulder then we slowly make our way back to the truck. It’s felt like we walked for hours last night after Mattie finally woke up, but the truck is still visible in the distance. 
I look over at Mattie, recalling the fear that went through me when she wouldn’t wake up. That explosion knocked us clear off our feet. I couldn’t hear anything, not even when Hank stood in my face and was clearly screaming at me. For several minutes, I couldn’t hear a thing until a piercing sound broke through the silence. At first, it was quiet and sounded like it was coming from a long ways away, but then it got closer and louder. Then it started to hurt.
Hank yelling out Mattie’s name broke through. When he saw that I was finally aware of what was happening, he helped me to sit up, and that’s when my eyes landed on the unconscious Mattie.
Lisa sobbed and cried out her name, holding herself and rocking her body. She was hysterical, but then she changed, appearing to lose focus. I saw the light in her eyes dim, and Hank and I couldn’t get her to talk to us. I’ve never seen someone react in such a way, and for some weird reason, I completely understood her.
I felt conflicted inside. Part of me wanted to break down and shake Mattie, demand she wake up and be okay while another part of me was furious. How dare the hinema attack us, and how dare they hurt Mattie. I was in two minds, wanting to jump up and do something, but also wanting to wrap my arms around Mattie and lie with her.
So I just watched, feeling useless as I waited and hoped she would wake up soon.
Now, I watch her helping me walk, her strength back as well as her determination. This is the brave Mattie, the one I met at the park that day, the one I saw when the hinema attacked. 
We stay silent the whole walk, which doesn’t take very long, then we take in the destroyed truck. It’s flipped over and the entire front is shot up and trashed. There is no way this thing would drive again, even if it were on its four wheels.
“Wow, this is some serious damage.” She steps forward so my arm slips away from her and then she moves towards the hinema lifeless on the ground.
“Yes,” I agree, not sure if she means the truck or the hinema. Both are destroyed.
“Look at this thing. I thought this was metal, but it feels soft.” She places her hand over a severed piece of its body. “How can bullets not penetrate this?” 
I limp slowly towards her, not answering. Any honest answer would give me away, and I don’t think I’m supposed to know anything. No human would.
I see her shiver as she stands back up, leaning over the hinema, and then she kicks it hard. It barely moves.
“Stupid thing is heavy,” she mumbles, wincing. Then she turns her back on it and moves back over to the damaged truck. “I had another grenade in here. I think if it had gone off, then this would be completely blown up.”
“Is it safe to go in there?” I slowly follow her as she walks to the front of the truck, moving in through the windshield, which is completely smashed from the bullets that were shot through it.
“If we see another one of those things, we’ll need it.”
She crawls through the front of the cab, finding the bag that she shoved on my lap when we were running. I see there are drinks and food that are still in one piece. Then she leans down lower, moving her arm to the far corner, feeling around for the grenade, no doubt.
It is definitely not the safest thing to do, especially since she hasn’t even got her eyes on it. She’s just blindly groping for it. What if it goes off? What if this is how we die?
Before I manage to even say one word of protest, she pulls back, and in her hand is the grenade. I’m in awe that something so small and compact could produce so much destruction and was able to take down a hinema.
She places the grenade in the bag with the food and bottled drinks, and we scavenge for anything else that made it. We only see a handful of clothes were able to be saved and those were scattered along the road.
I still have on my bloodied t-shirt with bullet holes along the back when Mattie hands me a dark green, long-sleeved shirt. I take off my t-shirt, feeling uncomfortable when she eyes my argu again. I know my excuse from yesterday was weak. She almost had it right when she said it was a bulletproof vest. It will stop bullets, but it’ll also do a lot more.
It’s the highest quality protection we have, only the leader’s family has access to them. They adjust to different sizes, so since I can remember, I’ve always worn one. A smaller one for when I was a child, and since I’ve become an adult, I have this one. It’s light weight, feeling as though it’s part of my skin. It regulates my body temperature, so I’ll never feel too hot or cold, and it has been able to withstand any weapon that we’ve used on it. So to say it’s a bulletproof vest is an understatement. 
Once I’ve placed my shirt on, I watch as she searches through the clothing. Pulling out a new sweater, she places it over her t-shirt. I haven’t felt that it’s been all that cold, given that the season here is supposed to be almost summer. However, I’m also aware my argu prevents me from feeling completely how the weather might be.
“Are you cold?”
“Not really, it’s more a comfort thing,” she says, hugging her arms around her. The sweater is just a little too big on her, hanging low at around mid-thigh.
How can she make an oversized sweater look good? How can I be so turned on seeing her wearing that?
I don’t get an answer to those questions, not that I’m sure there is one, because Hank and Lisa have awoken and are making their way towards us.
“Morning, guys,” Hank says, his eyes straying to the crumbled hinema.
“Good morning,” Mattie replies as she gives Lisa a hug, leaving her arm around her shoulders afterwards.
“I found this. Thought you might be able to use it since we’ll be forced to do a bit of walking, at least for now.” Hank passes me a long stick, but I’m not sure what I’m meant to do with it. Is it meant to be a weapon for me to use?
“Use it like a walking stick,” Mattie says, perhaps reading correctly my confusion. I don’t recall ever reading about or seeing a walking stick, but I can figure it out by its name what the purpose is.
I move towards the wreckage, finding the added support does help.
“Thank you.” I nod at Hank, feeling gratitude for this human. For all the wrongness on this planet, there are also a lot of things that are right.
“Did we get much saved?” Hank asks Mattie, looking through her bag. He smiles widely when he sees the other grenade.
We all take a bottle of water each, draining it quickly, then eat what little food there is. Mostly canned along with two bars of chocolate and a small packet of chips.
The food tastes rather disgusting. The tastes that overwhelm me, which is mostly salt and sugar, aren’t actually what sticks out compared to the others. It’s energy, though, and I’m hungry enough to look past the foreign taste to finish what I have.
“We need to find a town, a bigger one, and get more supplies. And another vehicle would be good. Then, I think we should stick to the forest for a while, let things settle down,” Hank suggests.
I watch as the girls think that over. Lisa is quick to agree, but Mattie thinks on it for a while longer before she agrees.
“We’ll need to get camping supplies if we can, not just food and water,” Mattie states.
“I know. If we have a car, then we can take more stuff with us. We can find a place to set up and then worry about the rest later. Hopefully, those things won’t look for us in there.”
The girls nod again in agreement, and I wonder if that is a safe assessment. If I’m with them, will they actually be hidden and safe?

***

We walk for what feels like days. I know it’s not, however, since the sun has only risen to just over our heads. There were no working cars that we were able to use, so I’m being tortured instead. At first, the aide of the stick has made a difference, now I can’t tell.
The others move along at my slower pace as Hank keeps up a conversation with Lisa. I think he’s trying to keep her from going back to the state she was in when Mattie was hurt. Even Mattie appears to be making an effort to keep the conversation flowing.
It shows me that these three are good friends, and since I haven’t shared the memories they talk about, I’m lucky to get out of the conversation. It means that I don’t have to lie as often.
My eyes stray frequently to Mattie, who is a little in front of me. Her hair is up in a loose ponytail, her face slightly grimy and dirty from sleeping on the ground, and no doubt, from her fall when the grenade went off yesterday. Her pants are dirty also, and there is a small hole by her knee, but she also looks so beautiful to me. It’s not just her appearance, but her aura. There is something about her. I’m beginning to wonder if I have any hope of getting over whatever it is that is making me so attracted to her.
“I think the girls want to have some girl talk.” Hank holds my arm to stop me from moving forward. We watch as the girls move into the distance, creating space between us.
“Girl talk?”
“Yeah, you know, whatever the hell it is that women talk about. It’s either enough to freak us men out, or bore us to death.” He smiles at me and shrugs his shoulders.
I nod, trying to relay that I understand, but really feeling a little unsure.
“That was fucking insane yesterday,” he states.
“Yes, it was.” I tense up as I think about that scene yet again.
“Do you really think shooting them in the back of the neck will help? I mean, why is there a weak spot at all if the rest is bulletproof?”
I open my mouth, ready to tell him that the technology is imbedded in the neck and it needs to be able to receive information from signals sent from Oden and our spaceships. The material it is built from will interrupt that. It’s the same no matter what hinema skin they wear. However, a human wouldn’t know this, so I stop myself just in time.
“I don’t know, I just saw it happen and it stopped the hi—the machine dead.”
“Interesting. I wonder if it was just a one off or if that will happen to all of them. It’d be useful information to get out to the public if communications weren’t down. We might have a way to stop those alien fuckers, but we can’t give anyone the heads up.”
Hank rants, but I tune him out. How much trouble would I get in for relaying such information to the humans? This will be seen as the highest form of treason. I have just given an important piece of information which could have seriously damaged our defence if communication was running. Just Hank, Mattie and Lisa knowing isn’t enough to stop us, yet I’ve given it up without any form of torture or persuading. I want Mattie to be safe, and that has overridden any other thought. How is it that I’m willing to sell out my people, my family, for this girl? What is she doing to me?
“Marduke?” Hank knocks my arm, and I realise I’m staring at Mattie’s back. 
“Sorry, what were you saying?” I look down at the road, watching myself limping forward until I realise Hank still hasn’t answered me. When I look up at him, he has a smirk across his face.
“So, I noticed Mattie and you appear to be a little closer; care to elaborate on that?”
“Closer?” Does he mean physically? Because right now, there is a lot of distance between us as her and Lisa quicken their pace.
“Yeah, I woke up just as the sun began to rise because I needed to take a piss. I noticed you guys holding hands. You must have been doing that all night. So what’s the deal?”
“We don’t have a deal. I don’t think.”
“What I mean is, do you like her?”
“Yes, I do.” I wonder why he thinks I wouldn’t.
“Well, Mattie is hot, I’ll give her that. And like I said before, she does seem interested in you, which I find interesting in-of-itself. But she’s one of my best friends and like a sister to me, so I feel the need to warn you that, if you hurt her, I’ll kill you.”
My mouth drops open in shock. He’s threatening me?
“Don’t look so scared, dude!” Hank laughs. “I’m sure you’ve heard the overprotective thing before, but I am serious. Treat Mattie right, and we won’t have a problem.”
“I’d never hurt her.” I say the words and mean them, though I know if she ever found out who I was, she’d be deeply hurt. She’s already risked her life once to save me, but what if the hinema keep coming for me and she is put in more danger because of me? What if I cost Hank or Lisa their life? I doubt she’ll be willing to forgive me then.
“I can see that. I was scared yesterday when she wouldn’t wake up, but I saw that you were, too. You haven’t known her as long, but you already have feelings for her. Just don’t screw it up.”
“I won’t.” I desperately want to change the subject because I think I’m going to drown in fear if we stay talking about Mattie. Luckily, Hank changes it for me, sort of.
“I’m scared shitless I’m going to screw this up with Lisa. I’ve been completely in love with her since last year, and I’ve been too chicken-shit to admit it to her. Now that this is all going down,” he waves around us at nothing, but I understand he means the invasion, “I don’t have the luxury of being a wimp. This situation is dangerous, and I can’t lose her. Not because I mess up, and definitely not because I lose her to those fucking machines. We need to make a pact, man, to protect those women over there with our lives. Deal?”
“Yes.” I already owe Mattie and Hank my life. I would be dead without them, so this is an easy commitment to make. Besides, I don’t think I could force myself to not protect Mattie if she were in trouble.
“Good, now tell me, what sport do you follow?”
I tell Hank I don’t follow any sport, and I’m then lectured about how great basketball is and how it compares to football. I swear he doesn’t stop talking until we reach the outskirts of a new town. I only listen because he mentions Mattie playing basketball and that she is really skilled. I want to know why she loves it so much.
Mattie and Lisa slow down once the town comes into view, and we hurry to catch up. The first few houses look untouched, but ahead, there is a smoky haze. The fight might be over here, yet there definitely was one recently.
“What should we do?” Lisa asks, her nerves getting the better of her again.
“Let’s take a look in this first house, get cleaned up, and then see if we can find out what’s happened around here,” Mattie suggests.
No one else has a better idea, so we move to the house just off the edge of town. This also looks rundown, much like the places of business from the small town we’ve just come from. The front door is rotten and faded. It’s unlocked and we all let ourselves in.
Hank calls out hello in case anyone is home, but there is no one.
We make use of the toilet and the running water, bathing our faces in the sink. Lisa mentions being desperate for a shower, but Hank says we don’t have time for the luxury. There is some unspoiled food in the fridge and a lot of food in the pantry.
“Mattie and I are going to go check out this town; you guys find some bags and put away whatever supplies you can get,” Hank orders us.
“I can come with you guys,” I protest, feeling useless to not be going with them and a little panicked of not being able to stay with Mattie.
“Not on that leg, you can’t. Just stay hidden and watch out for Lisa.” Hank looks pointedly at me, subtly asking me to keep her safe. From the way he’s spoken about his feelings for her, I know his trust in me should not be taken lightly.
“Fine, you both be careful.” I nod, watching Mattie when Hank moves in to kiss Lisa passionately.
Mattie rolls her eyes at them, but doesn’t glance my way. I wish she would. I’m craving her attention just like I’m starving for her touch. I desperately want to kiss her, however I stay where I am. 
When they finally separate, Mattie and Hank leave, causing me to immediately feel on edge.
Lisa and I move about the house, finding two backpacks and one satchel bag that we fill until they’re almost overflowing. We put food and bottled beverages in the backpacks, and warm linen and clothing in the satchel. We also find some thick jackets which we place to the side. Then the waiting game begins. 
The sun is moving down the other side of the house by the time we hear anything. I feel like I’ve been driven mad waiting. Even with my injured knee, I pace just beside the front window, waiting. When I finally do see them, I’m surprised to find they’ve brought others, which is followed quickly by being horrified they have hinemas moving in on them.
Chapter 10
Mattie

We walk away from Marduke and Lisa reluctantly. I know Hank is keen to get back to Lisa; I have to say I feel the same way. It’s pressing in on me now that we might be the only four people left alive for miles, if not the only people on this continent, or maybe even Earth by now.
That loneliness weighs heavily on my shoulders. How are any of us meant to deal with that? 
This small town is quiet, eerily quiet. There are toys and balls scattered out along front gardens, almost as if children just suddenly stopped playing with them and disappeared. I spot a basketball that I’m itching to take. I stare at it as we walk towards the house, and when we pass it, I can’t resist. I run up the driveway and grab hold of it. As I do, I see curtains moving in the window, realising we’re not alone. People are hiding in these houses. It’s strange that they’re still hidden away. I begin to fear that perhaps the threat isn’t as far gone as we’d first thought.
I stare down at the ball in my hands, wondering if I should put it back. I don’t remember the last time I’ve gone a day without holding a basketball, without bouncing or throwing one. Even when I’ve been bedridden with illness, I’d still hold one. I got into the habit of sitting in bed and throwing it between my hands. I would get quicker and faster until the ball was almost just a blur between my hands. Once, I lost control of it and ended up putting a hole in my wall. Dad had not been happy that day.
I decide I will put it back later and notice Hank looks longingly at the ball as I bounce it along the road. Not able to resist his puppy dog eyes, I eventually pass it to him, and he quickly begins bouncing it between his legs, smiling wistfully. Soon, he passes it back to me. We do this for a little while, letting something familiar lull us into a happier place in our minds. The ball sounds loud bouncing against the road, but I love that sound. I’ve missed that sound.
“We should be searching these houses,” Hank says, stealing the ball off me and running a few steps ahead of me.
“For food?”
“For weapons. Now that we might know a way to hurt them with a bullet, we should try to find more ammo and weapons.”
“Even if what Marduke said was right, how do we get behind them to shoot? That one that came after us yesterday wasn’t exactly doing a twirl for us.”
“We’ll have to trap them. One sets out a distraction and the other waits for it to pass. How’s your aim?”
“I can shoot,” I assure him. I might not come from a family of cops like Hank, but I do have a dad who likes to hunt.
“Did you bring that grenade? We need to get us some more of those, maybe even a rocket launcher,” Hank says, sounding dead serious. 
“Oh, sure, I bet they’ll have a spare one of those lying around in one of these residential houses somewhere.” I roll my eyes, annoyed that I feel a little wishful that we might find that, too. “I left the grenade with Marduke and Lisa. I figured they’d be in more trouble if those things came than us. At least we can run.”
Hank nods that he agrees, slowing down. He bounces the ball in my direction, and I take over.
“Speaking of Marduke, what is going on there?”
I groan. “Not you, too. I just had to suffer through this conversation with Lisa. Nothing is going on.”
“Well, why not? I’ve never seen you with any guys. We’re under attack from freaking alien machines and that guy seems nice enough. What’s wrong with him?”
“You want to talk to me about guys?” I call his bluff.
“I just want you to be happy. You’re like a sister to me. Besides, if you can’t find happiness with a decent guy when the world around you is crumbling down, then when can you?”
“Look, I think Marduke is a nice guy, too, but I’ve only known him a few days. Give me a break.” I throw him the ball, not holding back. It hits his chest hard before he catches it.
“Well, if we manage to set up something in the forest and stay hidden and safe, then you’re going to have a long time to get to know him.”
“Then hassle me once we’re there.” I give in.
“I will.” He smiles at me, throwing the ball back to me just as hard.
Before I can retaliate or bring up his and Lisa’s relationship just so I can put him on the spot, we hear that familiar noise. The crunching of metal and cries of people scared and hurt. 
“Oh, shit.” 
I keep hold of the ball, not wanting the noise to attract any attention while we sneak around the block, hiding behind a house situated on the corner of the street. We watch the smoke moving closer to us. There are more dead bodies along here, at least thirty bloodied, and in some cases, several which are piled along the street. Four machines are destroying a building that I’d guess have people in it from the screams coming from that direction. It is no wonder people are still hiding. They’re still under attack!
“Please, help me…” A small moan comes from down by our feet. 
Dragging my eyes away from the terrifying scene, I look down to see a deathly pale man bleeding heavily from his stomach. I know there will be no saving him. Even if we had a hospital next door to us, ready and waiting for him, from all the blood pooling around and underneath him, I know we’d still be too late.
“Hey, man, it’s okay. We’re here.” Hank crouches by him, careful to keep facing the destruction going on in front of us. From the looks of it, this man has crawled from the horror scene and ended up here. He has a police uniform on, and I know that must be cutting Hank up inside.
“Please… my boy. He needs… help,” he begs. 
I crouch down, too, finding him too quiet to hear easily.
“Your son? Where is he?” I ask, my eyes finding the crumbling building in the distance. I hope he wasn’t in there.
“Left him home… with two neighbours… girls. Promised him… be back. Please… protect him.” He is struggling to catch his breath; I imagine his lungs are filling up with blood.
“Where is home?” Hank asks, his hand resting over the man’s shoulder where I watch him squeeze it, giving him support.
“Two blocks down… Henderson Drive… number ten. They’re… hiding in… bathroom… protect them. Only five… old” He coughs, blood dribbling down his mouth, and my heart squeezes painfully for this man.
“What are their names?” 
“Logan, my… boy. Girls, Marie… Hope. Their dad… shot… dead. Mum, too.” He winces, most likely from both the pain he’s in and his words.
“We’ll protect them. I give you my word,” Hank promises. I know he isn’t making that promise lightly, either. If we get away from this alive, our group just got bigger.
“Pocket… keys… gun cab… net.” He wheezes now, and his eyes close. I know we’re only seconds away from losing him. “Tell… love… proud,” he mumbles, and then he’s out. His shoulders droop and he slumps even lower against the wall.
“Shit!” Hank yells, slamming his fist into the brick wall next to the guy. 
“Hank, careful!” I try to admonish, but I sound weak to my own ears. A man has just put us in charge of his kid, just made us responsible for him and two others.
“We need to move,” Hank says, looking for a moment longer at the fallen man. “He deserves a proper funeral, but he won’t ever get one. None of these people will.” Hank growls, warning me he’s angry, angrier than I’ve ever seen him before.
He turns away from the machines as well as from the man we’ve just watched die and races away. I leave the ball behind as I chase after him. We’re on a time limit now. We have to save three kids, plus we now know the machines are here. We need to get away from this place before they sense us or track us, or whatever it is they do. 
I chase Hank’s tail for long minutes, my feet hitting the ground hard. I can’t help looking behind me every few steps to be sure we aren’t being chased by one of those machines. The destruction of the town appears to be nearing the end, and going by the bodies scattered along the ground, I’d say the fight is nearly over here.
Hank veers off the road, entering a house by barging through the front door.
“Hank!” I hiss, already having lost him into the house. 
The kids will definitely be terrified right now, so there is no need to have Hank bashing in doors and scaring them worse. How the hell are we supposed to tell them that they’ve lost their parents? That they’re orphans?
I glance at the photos along the wall as I enter at a slower pace, seeing many of the man whose death we’ve just witnessed. He looks attractive and fit. In a few, he’s wearing his police uniform, but in several others, he is in casuals with his son. Logan looks identical to his father; the same dark blonde hair, same light blue eyes, and they share their smile in the photos. They both look so happy, but now one is dead and the other is about to find out his father has been taken away. I don’t see a mother in any of these, so I assume she isn’t around.
That man had said Logan is five-years-old. How is someone that young meant to understand that his father is dead? I can’t even comprehend that my own parents are probably gone, and I’m nineteen.
I quickly grab the photos off the wall, breaking the glass against a side table and pulling out several photos as I go. Logan might want these.
“Mattie!” Hank calls out my name. 
I follow his voice to find him standing in a study with a now open gun cabinet. There is space for four rifles, although there are only two left. There are also six handgun spaces against the wall at the back, but again, only two are left. In a box sitting on the ground, there are plenty of spare bullets for both, all scattered as though the box they were in has been thrown to the bottom uncaringly.
“Load the weapons up ready to shoot, then find a bag and put the rest of the bullets in there. I’ll grab the kids and then we get out of here, got it?” he commands, sounding every bit like his father often did on the few occasions I’ve met him. His father never seemed to be able to turn off his being in charge. I think Hank really would have made a great cop one day.
I nod, not that Hank hangs around to see it. I find a black gym bag by the back door and empty it of the towel, spare gym clothing and runners, then place the bullets in there. I already know how to load a rifle, but it takes a couple of tries to remember how to load a handgun. We were shown at the short training session we had on the football field back in Oregon, but that feels like a lifetime ago now.
When I’ve managed it, I place the photos in the bag and then quickly make my way to the kitchen.
I hear crying and yelling from a back room where I’m sure Hank is trying to convince the kids to go with him. He’ll need to gain their trust in as short an amount of time as possible. In this day and age, where “stranger danger” is widely known and taught, I imagine that is harder to do; with the limited time we have, maybe even impossible. I know I should go in there and try to help, but I’m dreading seeing their faces. I don’t want to see their sadness and fear. I don’t want to be relied on by a bunch of terrified kids; I’m barely holding it together as it is.
I open the pantry door and load up all the  canned foods and bottled waters I find. With three extra mouths to feed, we’re going to need it. Once the bag is full, I zip it up and wear the straps as though it’s a backpack. I then take the four new weapons we have and decide I should suck it up and go check on Hank.
When I follow the voices, I find them in the main bedroom. Well, Hank and the two girls are there. They are clutching him as though their lives depend on it. I can’t see either of their faces as they sob into Hank’s t-shirt, but I do notice they look young and have bright red hair and small frames which are wrapped around him. 
“We need to move,” I tell him quietly, watching both girls take a peek at me before hiding again.
“Girls, this is Mattie. She’s a friend and she’s going to help us get out of here,” Hank speaks calmly.
“Where’s Logan?” I ask, wondering if he’s hiding under the bed.
“He’s in the bathroom. He won’t leave.” He nods at the attached bathroom. 
I place the weapons on the bed, knowing they’ll most likely just scare him, before I hesitantly walk into the bathroom, finding him huddled in the small space between the toilet and shower screen.
“Logan? My name is Mattie. Your dad sent me to come get you,” I tell him softly, trying to sound calm. I take a step closer, noticing he doesn’t move an inch. I crouch down in front of him, hoping to look less intimidating.
“Please, we need to leave. We’re in danger here.” I pause, wondering if I should have said that. I should probably try to act like everything is okay and not scare him too much. I’m so bad at this.
“You sound funny,” he whispers, his head coming up to see me.
“I’m not from here. I’m from a place called Australia,” I explain, grateful he’s speaking.
“Are you going to take me there?” He frowns at me, his small features squashing together, immediately making himself look sort of adorable.
“No, it’s a little too far to walk. I think we’re going to go camping in a forest. Have you ever been camping before?” 
He nods his head slowly, still staring at me. 
“Good, then maybe you can show me how it’s done.” I’ve been camping many times with Dad, but I hope this might make him more likely to come with us, not that we can leave him here. He’s coming whether he wants to or not.
“Where’s my dad?”
My heart squeezes painfully in my chest. “He told me how much he loved you, and how proud he was of you. I think he knew you’d be brave for those two little girls out there. They need you to be strong and show them that you’re okay. Can you do that for me? For your dad?” 
Logan continues staring at me, making me begin to feel nervous. He and Marduke apparently have the same gift of making me feel uncomfortable by staring blankly at me.
Marduke. His name sends a painful stab into my chest. He and Lisa are sitting ducks with no idea that the machines are so close to them. Or, at least, I hope they have no idea. If they know, then it’s because the machines are at the house they’re in and they won’t be able to escape. Well, Marduke won’t, not with his injured knee and definitely not without our help.
“Okay,” Logan whispers, his head bobbing in a trembling nod while he stands on shaky feet. He keeps his head down as he steps towards me and wraps his arms around my neck, suddenly crying.
I stand, picking him up, realising that we can’t expect these kids to move on their own feet. They’ll be way too slow and likely to either get tired very quickly, or injure themselves.
I walk out with Logan wrapped around my side. I use one arm to tuck under him to keep him steady, and with my other hand, I take hold of the handgun and tuck it into my front using the waistband of my jeans to keep it in place. I grab hold of the rifle, then manoeuvre the bag on my back where it immediately feels heavy, and Logan isn’t a feather, either. This is going to test my endurance that’s for sure. Throwing and running with weight balls in training have nothing on this.
Hank has already situated the girls. One is on his back, her arms and legs wrapped tightly around him, and the other is on his side, tucked under his arm.
“Let’s go.” Hank nods towards the doorway and I step behind him. My legs are already protesting the added weight, but I push it aside.
Once we’re outside, I take a look around us, twirling in the street. There appears to be no machines surrounding us, however as we begin to make our way back to the place we’ve left Lisa and Marduke, I hear the now familiar screeches and metal groans that sound far too close for my liking. I wish we’d thought to find a vehicle to use.
Logan gasps, tucking his face into my shoulder. I feel the material begin to dampen from his tears. 
I can’t resist turning my head as I run, giving myself a few seconds to glance at what is behind us. Horrifyingly, I see three machines in the distance, heading in our direction.
They haven’t started firing at us yet, but it’s only a matter of time.
I hold the rifle tighter in my hands, running to catch up with Hank. Marduke and Lisa are standing in front of the same house we’ve left them in, thankfully still breathing and unharmed. We’re still over a dozen houses away from them when I open my mouth to berate them for just standing out front in what appears to be shock. Hank beats me to it.
“Run!” he screams at them and Lisa jumps from his demand, quickly taking hold of Marduke’s arm, pulling him away from the house and towards the forest on the outskirts of this town. I wonder if this is the beginning of the forest that Hank has been talking about.
I recall what Marduke said he saw back in Vancouver. There is no way we can outrun these things. If they follow us into the forest, we’ll have no chance of surviving, but maybe we can take them out before it comes to that.
I look down at Logan, who appears terrified as he clings to me. This might not go right, this might mean we attract more attention from the machines, but I don’t have a choice. They’re gaining on us, and the only person still near me is Hank, and he’s already holding the two girls. 
I slow down, quickly diving to the side and leaning against the side of one of the houses we are passing. My hand touches the cold brick wall behind me, using its solid presence to ground me. From my angle, hidden between two houses, I’m blocked from view from the machines, but I can’t see the others from here, either.
“Logan, I need you to listen to me. I’m going to try and shoot these things. Stay at my feet, and if anything happens, just run as fast as you can into that forest,” I plead with him, peeling his arms away from my neck, already covered in sweat. 
Logan is shaking in fear, almost changing my mind. This small child is depending on me. We’ve promised his father that we’ll take care of him. What the hell am I doing?
Then, one of the machines ploughs through a house on the opposite side of the road to us. Even given the distance, I watch bricks and debris flying through the air, some coming close to us.
I forget about Logan then. I just move to the edge of the house, my gaze taking in the open street in front of me. I lift up the already loaded rifle, taking aim at the machine which has just destroyed a house in its pursuit of Hank and the girls. I breath in deeply, ignoring the now dusty air, and adjust to the slight breeze swirling around us. 
I shoot and miss, but only just. I quickly shoot again and this time I hit it square in the back of the neck. Just like Marduke has said, it seizes and drops forward, remaining unmoving.
Could it really be that easy?
I don’t have time to think on it further, though, because another one of the machines goes by, not sparing its fallen counterpart even a glance. I take aim again, this time hitting it the first time. It goes down just the same.
I know there is one more, so I hold my breath, waiting for it to pass us. 
Logan is hugging one of my legs now. I look down to see his look of awe as he takes in the two fallen machines.
I hear the next machine coming, hear it’s destruction as it is no doubt crashing into everything in sight. Not even a house can hold these things back. It just shows how strong and indestructible these things can be.
I’m still expecting it to run past us along the same route as the other two. I’m definitely not expecting it to decide to run through the house we’re currently using to shield us.
The middle of the house crumbles under the force, and as the machine soars over us, bricks and drywall fly out in all directions. The part where Logan and I are hiding beside remains standing, but I’m still hit by the debris flying from the middle, dust sticking to my sweaty body.
The machine wastes no time in moving through the next house, and I lose sight of it in the cloud of dust it leaves behind.
“Are you okay?” I shriek at Logan, afraid of what I’ll find as I crouch down, taking hold of his arms.
He coughs away the dust in the air, nodding a little as I check him over. I count two small scratches on his arms, briefly noting that I have several bloodied scratches along my own arms and a small amount of blood along my ear. Nothing deep or in need of stitches, though.
“Grab hold of me,” I tell him, letting his arms come around me again.
I stand up and move forward, wary that more machines might be coming our way. I no longer see Hank, the girls or Lisa, but at the edge of the forest, I notice Marduke. He has something in his hands—a knife maybe—but that’s all I can make out. The last machine is heading straight towards him. He’s still a distance away, but I think it slows down, no doubt realising Marduke is making himself an easy target.
I sprint towards them, annoyed that he’s not actually moving at all. He’s just standing on the edge of the forest, not even bothering to hide behind a single tree trunk surrounding him, just waiting for the machine or maybe us. However, even with his sore knee, he should at least be trying to put distance between him and the deadly steel coming for him.
I run faster, worried that he only has a knife to defend himself with, knowing it won’t be enough. My grip over the rifle tightens as my fear begins to consume me.
Without warning, the machine begins to wildly shoot at Marduke. The ground and branches sway and break as the bullets make impact. Marduke drops and rolls himself, but I swear I see him jolt as the bullets impacted his chest.
I drop Logan to the ground and take quick aim at the machine. I don’t have time to take a proper shot, and because of that, I miss. I take three more before I manage to nick the edge of its neck, and that is when it turns its attention to me.
“Oh, shit.” I wince, all too aware of the boy gripping onto my leg. This is not good. “Logan, I need you to run to that man in the forest, right now!” I yell at him, pushing him lightly in Marduke’s direction before I take off in the opposite direction. I need to move it as far away from him as I can. 
I know it’s chasing me; I feel the ground rumbling and goose bumps appear over my body as I instinctively know danger is near. I pray that Logan doesn’t get trampled in the process and that he’s listened to me. 
Gunshots are fired at me, and then I’m lifted off my feet from the strong wave hitting me. I fly through the air for a moment before crashing roughly to the ground. I don’t miss a beat as I quickly jump to my feet and keep moving, reaching the first set of houses and cutting to the side to give me some cover from the bullets.
I sprint and dodge through houses, realising too late that I’ve dropped the rifle when I fell to the ground. I throw off the bag from my shoulders, enjoying the weightless feeling it gives me while I turn down a new block, catching my breath behind a garage. 
I pull out the handgun and take off the safety, knowing I’ll need to be closer to the machine to fire this one. Taking deep breaths, I try to calm down; but when the garage I’m using to hide is crushed behind me, I know I have zero hope of calming down anytime soon.
I turn around, finding the garage is now destroyed under the machine’s heavy weight. I can’t help instinctively shooting at it to defend myself. I completely lose myself in my fear and forget that shooting it head-on will do nothing to protect me. 
Then, I run out of bullets.
My mouth opens, readying the mightiest scream I’ve ever given, part of me giving up. I’m overwhelmed by the knowledge of my imminent death, fear consuming me entirely. In the entire time since I’ve first heard about the invasion, I’ve been able to keep my fear at bay. I’ve felt it, but never have I let it consume me. Now, though, I embrace it, knowing that soon it will be over. 
As I finally voice my scream, I eye the machine that will murder me, only to watch it jolt forwards for a split second, and then I know something has happened. It stiffens, the metal appears to solidify and darken as it begins to fall, directly towards where I’m standing.
I dive to the side, only missing being crushed by inches as I hug the ground, too crippled by fear to even move another inch or move away. My heart is pounding in my chest, tears are streaming down my face, and I’m shaking.
Footsteps quickly approach. I lift my gaze off the machine to find Marduke and Logan. He’s wincing every time he puts pressure on his injured leg, but it doesn’t slow him down. In his hand is the rifle and trailing behind him is Logan. His little legs hesitate as he gets closer to me, his eyes moving to stare at the machine.
I force myself to get up to my feet, my legs shaking even worse. I’m torn on whether to yell at Marduke for coming back, putting himself and Logan in danger, or thanking him for saving my life.
When he finally reaches me, he pulls me in for a strong hug, squeezing any oxygen in my lungs out. I hold him just as hard, needing the comfort. I let a few tears fall, my body still shaking badly. Being in his arms is a relief, and I strangely find strength being with him. My resolve comes back and the fear moves back to just a simmer in my body. I don’t know why Marduke carries my courage with him, but I’ll accept it if it keeps me moving.
I wipe away the stray tears, knowing I can’t show them in front of Logan, and when his arms tighten around me, I don’t push away. I selfishly drag this moment out with him even longer, feeling safe in his strong embrace while part of me wishes I didn’t have to leave his warmth. 
“I was so worried. I thought… I can’t…” His grip turns bruising, and I tap his back. He loosens his arms and I pull back, looking at his tense and worried expression.
“I’m okay,” I lie. If there is anything I am right now, it is not okay.
“Please don’t ever do that again. Don’t risk your life for mine, never.” His words are forceful, but he brushes his hand gently over my cheek, his touch sending warmth over me. 
“Well, maybe if you weren’t just standing out in the open in clear view of those things, I wouldn’t have to risk my life,” I say, not wanting to make him feel bad for his actions, yet also wanting to shake him and ask him what the hell is wrong with him.
“It’s not your job to save my life, Mattie. I don’t want you taking on that responsibility. It’s not one that you’ll be successful at. I want you safe, but being around me… There are things you don’t know. Things I should tell you…” His voice trails off, leaving confusion in its wake. 
“Mattie?” Logan’s small hand pulls on the material of my jeans, and I glance down, finding a tearful and terrified looking little boy.
“I’m sorry, Logan,” I gasp, completely having forgotten about the small boy as I lost myself in Marduke’s arms. How awful am I to let myself be comforted while a five-year-old boy is just left forgotten?
I move out of Marduke’s arms, crouching down so Logan can wrap his arms around me. His body shakes with silent tears when I wrap him up in a hug, lifting him in my arms as I stand again.
I gaze over the machine at our feet, realising that Marduke must have shot and killed it. The rifle dropped on the ground by his feet confirms it.
“Thank you for shooting that thing, I say to him, watching as he stares at Logan in my arms. He looks confused, I think. 
Then I notice his bloodied arm. “What happened to you?” I gasp.
He glances down at his arm and in response, shrugging his shoulders. He looks nervous, and I wonder if he’s embarrassed that he perhaps fell over. I’m not sure why that would embarrass him. Nothing about this situation is funny.
I stare at the gash down his arm. It’s not oozing blood badly. Hopefully the cut isn’t too deep. The last thing we need to have to worry about is an infection or blood loss.
We move silently back towards the forest, grabbing hold of the bag I’ve dropped, then we head into the forest. I stop walking when we are hidden from view of the town. I realise Marduke no longer has his makeshift walking stick, but my main concern is for my friends.
“Where did Hank and Lisa go?” I ask Marduke, shifting Logan a little in my arms. I can tell he’s just going to feel heavier every step I take. 
“I’m not sure; I wasn’t watching them,” Marduke admits.
“Shit,” I mutter, quickly aware afterwards of Logan being in my arms. I’m going to have to watch my language around him, although swearing around a five-year-old shouldn’t really be a worry high up on my list right now.
“Where do you think they would go?”
Marduke shrugs and I stare along the ground, hoping to find a clue as to what direction they might have disappeared in.
“Fine, let’s just move forward, and hopefully, we’ll just come across them.” I say, deciding we need to put distance between the town and us. Maybe it’s naïve of me to hope for things to work out for us that easily, however I don’t have much choice if I don’t want to be paralysed by fear and worry. 
As we step over the uneven ground, I remind myself what I need to do. We need to find Hank, Lisa and the girls. I absolutely have to believe they’re in here somewhere and not injured, dead or part of the disappeared. Then, once we’ve found them, we’ll need to figure out what the hell we’re supposed to do next. Hiding out in a forest might be the best option we have, but how will that work out now that we also have to take care of three young children?
I glance again at Marduke’s bleeding arm, curiosity hitting me as I realise he hasn’t answered me on how he’s hurt himself. I know it’s not important, not in the larger scheme of things, yet then I watch him climb over a large, fallen tree branch, his pants bunching, and something falls out of his pocket. 
It’s a knife, one that he must have found in the house Hank and me left him and Lisa in, but what catches my attention as he leans back over to pick it up is that the knife is bloodied. 
I instantly try to shake off the idea that Marduke has actually cut himself. There is no way. Why would he do that? What would the point be in harming himself that way? Except, he acts skittish as he tries to hide the knife from my view, his hand moving over his arm, almost as if he’s afraid I’ll make the connection just by seeing his injury. I shudder over the implication. 
If Marduke has cut himself on purpose, does that mean he was trying to end his life? Is he someone I can even rely on anymore?
Chapter 11
Marduke

We make it into the forest without any further incident. Mattie carries the kid—Logan, she’s called him—while her eyes occasionally stray to me, looking down at my arm. I know she’s curious about it, but I don’t have a good explanation for her.
How can I tell her that I’ve had to cut myself open? How do I explain that, when I came to this planet, my brother and I were inserted with a locating device in case we had trouble here? How do I say I think the reason we’re being attacked by so many hinemas is because they’ve been able to track me? What will she say when she realises that, not only am I part of the race that is invading her planet, I have also caused her nearly to die twice? How will she react when she finds out she has rescued an alien? When she finds out an alien has saved her life?
In the short time I’ve gotten to know Mattie, I can’t help feeling attached to her, like she is a part of me somehow. I don’t know why. I’ve always felt committed to my family, felt a loyalty to them that I have been born with. I care about them to an extent, but I have never felt the heightened emotions for them that I feel for Mattie. We don’t have such powerful feelings back home. We care deeply for our planet, for our people, and for our history and future. We’ll do anything to further our agendas as well as keep our planet and people healthy and strong. We mate on our planet, but only to keep our bloodline going. We are expected to have children, so we do. We treat each other properly and with respect. 
I’ve never had a conversation with anyone like the one Mattie, Hank and Lisa had last night when they were laughing and remembering funny moments they’ve shared with each other. I don’t have friends. I haven’t shared moments like that. I could probably even count the amount of times I’ve laughed on my hand. We don’t have entertainment like Earth does. We don’t have entire professions dedicated to making people laugh. There are no short breaks in life where we can watch a show and enjoy humour. Sometimes, I think this is a good thing because we have very little distractions. Other times, like now, I wonder how my life would have been different if I’d had laughter in it. 
Maybe we wouldn’t be invading Earth.
“Marduke, are you okay? Do you need a rest?” Mattie has stopped ahead, watching my slow approach. 
My knee is shooting pain up my leg with every step, but I quicken my approach. For some reason, I don’t want to let her down. Disappointment is a feeling I know well. There are many things expected of me, and while I’ve met most of my goals, on occasion I have failed. I always try my hardest to honour my father and family. This is the first time I’m trying my hardest for something else, for someone else. I don’t want to fail Mattie.
“I’m fine. Any sign of the others?” I wipe away the sweat from my forehead. Sweat is pouring off me. 
The weather isn’t hot in the forest; in fact, I’d say its cooler in here. The sun is shaded from the tall trees, and because of that, there is a chill in the air. It doesn’t matter, though; I’m sweating from the effort it’s taking me to walk. I’m not the only one, either. There is sweat over Mattie’s neck and her hair sticks to the sides of her face. While my perspiration comes from the pressure to push past the pain, I imagine Mattie’s is a little from being tired, but a lot from the personal heater that is still hugging her front. The child hangs on her like a monkey might a tree. 
I’ve felt his eyes on me a lot as he peeks over Mattie’s shoulder to stare. 
“No, and I have no idea how to track a person. They could have skimmed the edge and stayed close to the town to not lose us or be halfway into this forest, for all I know.”
I hear the stress in her voice, the worry that she might have lost her friends.
“They’ll be looking for water, we should do the same.”
There are several insects and birds in the surrounding tress, but no mammals of any sort have appeared. I’m unsure if the commotion from the hinemas has caused them all to run deeper into the forest, or if my brother has managed to take them all. I know there has been the plan to take some of the animals, but I haven’t realised they’ll clear Earth entirely from all living things. We have only a few species on our home planet while many of our other planets that we’ve acquired over the many years in our past have more. I assume that, after extensive study, these animals will be reintroduced and monitored back on Earth.
This planet is the most populated of any planets we’ve tried to take. There is enough research and study to be done here for most likely my entire lifespan, and maybe the next generation. If I wasn’t so appalled by the murder we’ve committed and so enamoured with Mattie, I might actually feel excited for what is to come for us. This is the biggest find in our history, therefore my father will be remembered forever for this acquisition. 
His name will be taught in classes and spoken of long after he is dead. It’s what every leader wants. It is why we remember the good our family has done before us—to remember them is to honour them. We learn from them. Even in death, they teach us.
We walk for a long time, my knee feeling worse with every step. When I finally trip on a rock I haven’t noticed, I’m too tired to even get up. On my second attempt to stand, Mattie stands over me and places her hand on my shoulder to stop me.
“Don’t. You’re tired and so am I. It’s beginning to get darker in here. The sun is setting. We’ll call it a night and keep searching tomorrow.”
I nod in agreement, watching her place Logan down beside me gently.
“How is your arm? We can’t do too much about it here, but do you think you need stitches?”
With all the pain shooting from my leg, I haven’t felt a thing from the wound over my arm.
“I’m okay.”
“I’m thirsty,” Logan whines as Mattie drops the bag off her back, stretching her arms up over her head.
“Here.” She crouches down then searches through the bag, finding a bottle of water for him. She opens it up and passes it to him, helping him hold it up so he doesn’t spill it. When he has finished nearly half of it, he says he’s full. She opens up a can next of what I think is peaches. The kid frowns at it, but he doesn’t protest out loud. She passes the bottle of water to me then, and I easily finish it off. She already has another one out, and as she takes the empty bottle from me, she passes another can of peaches to me. 
“I should have thought to bring a can opener. Half of these need one to open,” she complains. She takes another can out after she’s had a drink and eats the peaches slowly.
“What’s your name?” the kid suddenly asks me.
“My name is Marduke. What is yours?” My voice shakes. Why am I afraid of this kid?
He eyes me for a while, almost like he is contemplating me, putting me even more on edge. “That’s a funny name. You sound funny, too. Are you from Alayeria like Mattie?”
“I’m not sure where that is, but no.” I watch Logan touch Mattie’s arm, feeling annoyed by that. Why is he allowed to touch her so casually?
“Marduke is from France, Logan, not Australia,” Mattie explains.
“Is that where we’re walking to?”
“No, we’re just walking to find your neighbours and my friends,” Mattie explains to him.
“I want to go home. I miss my dad.” His words sound wistful, yet I see Mattie’s face blanch with his request. 
“I know you do, but we can’t go back to your home because those machines are there.”
“Can we go back when they’re gone?”
Mattie looks at me, appearing as though she’s asking me for something, but I don’t know what.
“Maybe. So tell me about camping. What do we do next?” She sounds falsely upbeat, though Logan doesn’t appear to notice.
“Daddy put up a blanket for us to sleep under and we had these big bags to lie in, and then we had marshmos to eat and fire, and we saw the stars and Daddy told me a story about Mummy.”
“What was his story about your mum?” she asks softly, apparently able to follow his near ramble.
“He said they met under stars and kissed. Do you and M’Dude kiss?”
Mattie laughs, and I think I should probably feel offended that she’s just laughed at the thought of kissing me, but her laugh sounds so good and the smile on her face causes my heart to beat faster. I want to see her smile all the time. I want her to have that sparkle in her eyes when she looks at me. 
“His name is Marduke, not M’Dude. And no, we don’t kiss.”
“Why not?”
“Because we’re just friends. I think that’s enough talking about kissing. We don’t have a tent to sleep in, so we’ll just have to make do out in the open.”
“What about animals like bears and snakes and moose and rabbits?”
“Well, you see that water we drank is a bit magical. It helps repel those things, so that way, we’ll be protected.”
“Really?” Logan gasps.
“Yep, but it works best when you’re asleep. Think you can try and sleep for me?”
“You promise you won’t leave me?” His arms tighten over Mattie. I don’t feel anything now except bad for the small child who is without his parents.
“I promise you, Logan. I swear it with all my heart,” Mattie promises.
He seems satisfied with her answer, so she helps him settle down where we are. She lies next to him, and he cuddles into her side. 
We’re silent for several minutes, maybe even half an hour, before Mattie speaks up. I haven’t moved from my spot next to them, sitting up.
“Logan?” Mattie whispers, but the boy is asleep.
“He’s sleeping,” I say, wondering why she wants to talk to him just after getting him to sleep.
“Good,” she sighs, but her eyes are wild and scared when she stares at me. “He made a good point; what animals are in this area? Do you think we need to worry about it?”
“I already thought of that. I think, if anything, they were probably scared by all the commotion the hin—those things caused.” I can’t exactly assure her that there is a good chance all of the animals have been taken from Earth. How would a human know such a thing?
“Well, keep a gun on you anyway.” She grabs the rifle and passes it to me. I settle it next to me on the ground.
I finally feel my exhaustion wearing me down. I lie next to her, Logan between us, and wonder if I should tell her who I really am. I could reassure her that the animals are no longer a threat to us here. I could even tell her that some of the humans are being taken away but are safe. I’ve seen some representations of aliens on TV, so I can only imagine the horror Mattie thinks is happening to the humans who’ve disappeared. How do I explain about all the death she’s seen, though? That wasn’t supposed to happen, at least not that I was aware of. What are the chances that she would believe me?
“Do you think they’re okay?” she whispers, her voice shaky.
“Yes,” I reply quickly, wanting to take the fear out of her voice. I know she’s referring to the others. I push away my thoughts about coming clean to her, and instead, I focus my attention on trying to soothe her.
“I’m not sure how I’ll cope if we can’t find them. I can’t do this on my own,” she admits.
“You’re not on your own. You have me and Logan.”
“Logan is just a kid,” she points out.
“And me?”
“You’re a stranger who hacked up his arm on purpose and won’t tell me why,” she snaps.
I hold my breath, astounded that she knows I did it on purpose. I knew she was suspicious of my answer, but how did she jump straight to that?
“How did you know that?”
“Your knife is bloody. Please don’t tell me that was a failed suicide attempt, or that you’re losing it.” Again she sounds desperate and sad. I don’t want to disappoint her.
“It was an accident; I didn’t want you to worry about me. I promise to be more careful.”
“Why do I feel like you’re still lying to me?”
“I’m not,” I respond, hating having to lie. Will there ever come a time when I have no need to do that anymore? I’ve never had a reason to lie before coming to Earth, and now I’m lying on a regular basis. I don’t like it.
“I meant what I said to Logan before. We’re friends, Marduke, and friends don’t lie to each other.”
“I’ve never had a friend before,” I admit, feeling better for telling her something that is true.
“Why not?” 
“I’ve never known anyone my age, at least not long enough to make a friend. Where I come from, we were isolated. My brother was the only person I saw regularly.”
“So you were home-schooled?”
“Yes, sort of. I had trainers and teachers.”
“Was your dad some kind of leader or high ranking officer or something back home? I mean, that vest is a bit of a giveaway that you’re either someone important or a thief.”
“I’m not a thief.” I gape at her. Does she think I’m a criminal? Would she think any differently, though, if she knew the truth?
“So your dad is someone important in France?”
“Yes, he is important everywhere,” I say slowly, fearing I’m going to have to lie again soon.
“So, does that mean you had bodyguards with you in Canada?”
“No, why would I need that?”
“I don’t know. Don’t all rich, important people have them these days?”
“No, I just had my brother here.”
Darkness has settled deeper into the forest as we’ve spoken, and while there are bright stars in the sky, the trees block out most of their light. I listen to Mattie yawning, knowing she’s probably just as tired as I am.
“We should get some sleep. We’ll have another big day tomorrow,” I suggest.
Mattie moans. “Don’t remind me. I’ve never properly prayed to God before, but I think I’ll try anything to get back Hank and Lisa.”
“Who is God?” I’ve heard the name mentioned before, but nothing I’ve read appears to have a definitive answer.
“He’s whoever you want to believe he is. Goodnight, Marduke.”
“Sleep well, Mattie.”

***

The next morning, I wake, feeling just as tired as yesterday, maybe even worse.
Mattie checks my knee along with my arm before we drink a little more water and take off in our search for Hank and Lisa, walking slowly through the dense forest.
I have no idea where we are, what direction we should be heading in, or if we’re walking in circles. I trust Mattie knows what she’s doing, and thankfully, she never asks me for any advice. 
When we’ve been walking for hours, I begin to worry about our food situation. If we can’t find fresh water and food soon, we’ll starve in here. Although I might be able to go on longer without food since I don’t appear to eat as often as humans do, I still will starve eventually. We need to get out of the forest.
We also face another problem. A moody five-year-old. 
Logan is hungry, tired, scared and wants badly to go home. We all feel like that, but since he’s only five, he displays his feelings quite obviously through whining and crying. Twice, he stomps his foot down and refuses to walk. During these moments, he also refuses Mattie’s hand or even mine. He doesn’t want to be held, however he also doesn’t want to walk.
Eventually, we realise the only way to get him moving is to just walk away from him. At first, I fear that, when we turn away and start walking, he’ll run off on us. I’m not sure if I’m scared we’ll lose him because Mattie is clearly attached to him and will be devastated if we lose him, or it’s if because I have quickly grown the same urge to protect him, like I have with Mattie. 
Logan is small and vulnerable, causing something inside me to immediately want to save him. I want him to be okay, to survive this and to be happy. Seeing his innocence and pain only reinforces that my family is making the wrong decision to invade Earth.
When we’ve walked a few steps away from him, fear kicks in and he rushes towards us, usually finding Mattie’s side and huffing aloud to let us know he’s not happy, but he walks. Until his next tantrum. 
When he loses his short energy to walk, I pick him up before Mattie can. She deserves a break, especially since she’s already holding the bag. My knee twinges under the added pressure, yet I ignore it.
Mattie finds a great way to distract him. She begins asking him questions, starting with his favourite cartoon—SpongeBob SquarePants—to whether he likes The Wiggles—which she reminds him are Australian like her—to what is his favourite song. They then both break out into a song about potatoes, which apparently are hot. It’s not all that lyrically complicated, but Logan smiles for maybe the first time since I’ve met him yesterday, and even Mattie is smiling by the end. Logan knows a lot more songs than Mattie.
When I admit I have no idea what a wiggle is, I’m then forced to learn as many songs as Logan can sing. He forgets a lot of words, but he tries, and I in turn sing along with him. Mattie laughs at my attempts, which I love, so I sing louder.
The only reason we stop is because Mattie hears something. She goes immediately on high alert while I shush Logan. I strain my ears, wondering if she’s heard Hank and Lisa, or worse, if she’s heard a hinema.
It turns out, I’m wrong on both of those possibilities.
Chapter 12
Mattie

At first, I think I’m imagining it. Don’t people get delirious when they’re dehydrated? You see mirages of something you want so badly, but it always turns out to be all part of your imagination. During a hallucination, can you hear noises, though? Or is it possible the water I hear trickling nearby is just teasing me?
I hold my breath, sensing that the boys have stopped to listen, too. Have they heard it? If all three of us have, then it can’t be a delusion. I’m too afraid to ask because I don’t want my hopes dashed. So I keep my question to myself and rush forward, finding new energy.
I follow the sound, getting excited when it gets louder the closer I get. Then I see what I believe to be the most beautiful sight in the world.
A waterfall. 
Water is lightly falling down the wall of rock and crashing down into the stream of water below. The area of water is as large as a basketball court with several smaller rivers diverting off it, disappearing through the forest. There is a large break above the water from the trees surrounding us where the sun warms the top of the water. 
“Wow…” Logan gasps, pushing himself away from Marduke, who lets him down. He runs closer to the water, and I quickly follow. I’m not sure how deep the water is, and I have no idea if Logan can swim.
He crouches down and leans over the water, placing his hands in there. I do the same, staying close to him. I’m so tempted to just fall in, though. My clothes feel disgusting and my hair is just permanently stuck to the sides of my face. I think, at this stage, if I take my ponytail out, my hair won’t actually move.
“Do you think we can stay around here for a while?” I ask Marduke, needing him to agree that we deserve this short break. I want desperately to find Lisa and Hank, but what if that takes us several days? Can we really give up this slice of heaven without enjoying it a little?
“I don’t see why not.” Marduke shrugs.
“Want to go for a swim?” I ask Logan.
“I don’t know how.”
“I can teach you. Let’s get in with our clothes, soak them in the water, and then we’ll just stay in our underwear while it dries,” I tell him, taking my shoes off. It feels like a huge relief. I see dried blood around the back of my ankle and know I have blisters. I don’t even want to even think about my toes.
I get in first, finding the water to be shallow until a sudden drop happens; even I can’t feel the bottom. I briefly worry that maybe there will be some snakes or something equally as awful in here, yet decide the amazing feeling of being in the water is worth the risk.
I watch Logan sitting in the shallow part of the water, which only covers his legs and half his middle. Marduke is just watching, making me wonder if maybe he can’t swim, either.
I dunk my head under the water, taking my ponytail out and loving the feel of having my hair loose. Some soap, shampoo and conditioner would go a long way right now, but I’ll take what I can get.
I leave my hair tie around my wrist and take off my socks, squeezing them out and then moving them over to the side of the banks, placing them in the sun. I then do the same with my pants, jumper and t-shirt. I’m left in just my underwear and bra, but it’s nothing that a bikini wouldn’t show. I’m wearing black for both, so I don’t have to worry about it being see-through. I then move over to Logan and help him take off his clothes, enjoying him laughing when he dips his head under the water.
“Ready to have your first lesson?” I ask, hoping it’s not that hard to teach someone how to swim.
Logan nods his head, appearing determined.
I decide he should first learn about floating, since he shouldn’t fear sinking to the bottom. There is a slight current in the water, but nothing strong enough that it will take us away, so I get him to lie on his back and float. Then I tell him to hold his breath and go under water for a few seconds before he comes up, never leaving his side. 
He is fearless as he tries everything I show him. After an hour or two, I feel like we’ve made real progress, but I don’t think I’ll feel comfortable with him anywhere near the water on his own for a while. 
I don’t know how long exactly I stay in the water with him, but by the time he decides he’s too tired to swim, he’s wrinkled and able to tread the water as well as hold his breath for ten seconds underwater. I think that’s pretty great. When I tell him how well he’s done, though, he turns shy.
He leaves me in the water and lies on the banks, keeping his legs dangling in the water as he has a nap in the sun.
Marduke had gotten into the water a few minutes into my “lesson,” staying close to the rock wall that has water falling over its surface. He’s taken his clothes off just like Logan and I have except I realise now he’s still wearing his bulletproof vest. As soon as Logan leaves me, he swims closer to where I am. 
“You’re a good teacher,” he says, dragging me out of my thoughts.
“Thanks. I’ve never had to teach anyone to swim before.”
“You got all the basics covered.” He swims a little closer to me, within reach now, and I wonder why my heart rate is accelerating the closer he gets. It’s just Marduke, and I’ve definitely been closer to him than this. Although, I suppose in those instances we were both usually wearing more clothing. 
“How come you still have your vest on?” I ask, belatedly wondering if he’ll think I’m complaining that his chest isn’t bare. Is that why I’ve brought it up?
He looks down at the water, his chest mostly covered anyway. I think he looks surprised.
“I sometimes forget it’s even on, it sort of feels like a second skin. Whenever I’m not home, I live in this.”
“Have you ever had anyone try to kill you? Or is your dad just really paranoid?” I ask, curious about his family and hoping I’m not being insensitive by asking.
“No one has tried to kill me.” He looks away from me. I immediately think he’s lying about that. Assuming it must be a touchy subject, I decide to let it go, even though I’m dying to know what’s happened.
“So you’re just going to leave it on for the rest of your life?”
Even if he says it’s like a second skin, I can’t imagine wearing something that restricting around me all the time, especially in the water now; it must be weighing him down.
Without responding to my comment, he moves his hand down the front. Even though I’ve never noticed a split or zip down the front, it opens up. He moves his arms back and takes it off. Swimming past me towards the edge of the water, he then lays it out to dry with the rest of our clothes. 
When he turns to face me afterwards, he’s still in the shallow end and his chest is fully exposed to me. I finally get to see the tattoos I’ve noticed earlier except now I discover they cover his entire chest. There is barely a spot over him that doesn’t have markings, and unfortunately, I can’t make out much from the short glance I’m allowed. He moves towards me and his body dips deeper into the water so I can’t see them.
“How come you have so many tattoos?” I ask, wanting him to turn around and move back into the shallower water so I can have a good ogle. 
I don’t have any tattoos, but I’ve thought about it. I had figured when I made it big in basketball and either won some impressive championships, or even if I got to be in the women’s Olympic team, I’d get a tattoo then. Now none of that will happen.
“I got them when I was a kid.” He shrugs. 
My mouth drops. “A kid? I think you’ve said the wrong word. You mean you got them a couple years ago, right?” 
I know there is no way he got them when he was a child. For one, what type of parents would allow that? Another is, what tattoo artist would tattoo a kid? Also, if Marduke had been a kid when he got them, then they would have to be distorted as he grew bigger. 
“It is a family tradition. I was around seven-years-old when I started getting them done. Every son born into my family has them, going back generations.”
“You can’t be serious.” I shake my head at him in shock.
“I am. Is that not a custom that is done on your plan—in your country?”
“As far as I know, it isn’t a custom done on this planet,” I state, watching him wince at my words. “Sorry, obviously it must be more common than I’ve realised. I guess I just didn’t hear about it. It sounds so barbaric to me, tattooing a child. I mean, you’re too young to even have a say, and then it’s permanent.”
“I’m proud to be part of my family tradition and history.” He frowns at me.
“Well, that’s good, I suppose. You can’t tell me, though, that you’d continue it and have done it to your kid if you had one, right?” I don’t know why I ask this. There is barely even a chance that we’ll survive this invasion, let alone have a future that includes children. Never mind the fact that right now we’re the only two single adults around, so any children making would have to come from us. Awkward much?
“Of course, I’d dishonour my child if I didn’t.”
“How is not abusing your child a dishonour?” I blurt out, not able to censor myself. 
“You believe that I was abused?” He stares at me wide-eyed.
“Your entire chest is covered in tattoos, Marduke, and you’re telling me you got that done when you were a seven-year-old?”
“Yes.”
“Didn’t it hurt?”
“I recall a little pain, but the pain fades.”
“So you’re saying that, if Logan was your kid, you’d be okay with putting him through that?”
His eyes move over to the sleeping figure. Logan is tiny, I’d say on the smaller side for his age, and I know I’ve immediately felt protective towards him—perhaps because I was there when his father begged Hank and me to protect him. Regardless, the responsibility that I have for him weighs heavily on me. I could have sworn there were a few moments I noticed a look conveying the same thing on Marduke’s face when he was carrying him. I think he realises how much Logan needs us, and that, at least for now, we’re all he has. 
“Yes,” he finally answers, but I swear he looks a little uncertain of his response. Maybe there is some hope for him.
“I guess we’ll just have to agree to disagree.” I shrug at him, knowing the only outcome that can happen if we keep discussing this is an argument—one neither of us will win. 
“So what are the tattoos of? Did they stretch out as you grew bigger? Are they just on your chest?” I bombard him with questions, not having noticed any along his arms or exposed back when he was placing the vest on the banks.
“They’re only on my chest. They are just family crests using a special ink so it isn’t distorted as my skin stretches.”
“Special ink?” I’ve never heard of special ink being used for tattoos.
“Yes, maybe I’m not using the correct words—second language you understand?” He looks away from me, giving me the distinct impression he wants this topic to be over.
“Right, I sometimes forget that English isn’t your first language, even given your accent. I’ve never learned another language before. I tried to learn Japanese once; did it for a few years at school, but nothing stuck.”
“It’s easy once you get the hang of it.”
I roll my eyes, knowing it’s anything but easy. However, everyone who speaks a second language is always quick to point out how “easy” it is. 
“I’m going to go lie down, start to dry off, and then maybe we should get back to walking?” I suggest, noting that the sun is already descending downwards, signalling night-time will be upon us soon.
“I don’t think it’s worth leaving tonight. We should stay here for the night and take off tomorrow morning. This water supply is too good to leave so soon.”
I nod, feeling disloyal to Hank and Lisa. What if they’re in trouble? What if they’re risking their lives trying to find us and here we are relaxing and swimming?
“Okay.” I swim towards the edge and climb up to the shallower part. 
If I had a towel, I’d be able to dry myself in minutes. Instead, I wring my hair of as much water as I can then lie down next to a still sleeping Logan, stretching out in the sun. I feel Marduke’s eyes on me and know he’s staring not at my eyes this time, but at my body. I’m still in just my bra and underwear, but I’m aware enough to know that I’m not unattractive. Years of training has kept my body fit and slim. I do note that already I’m beginning to lose muscle mass and my stomach is showing signs of weight loss, however. Without a proper diet, I’m afraid my body will continue to weaken.
I close my eyes, allowing myself to doze, feeling the edge of sleep just out of my reach. It’s only my stomach and thirst that forces me to get up later. Logan is still asleep and Marduke is back to being fully clothed.
I wish I’d been able to see his tattoos properly while he wasn’t wearing his shirt or vest. It feels too awkward to ask, though, and given my state of undress, I begin to feel uncomfortable.
I grab hold of my pants, noticing how stiff they are, wishing I didn’t have to wear them. I think I’d be happier to never see another pair of jeans again.
I place them on, again feeling Marduke’s eyes on me. I don’t know whether to feel flattered or annoyed by his staring.
“Here,” he says, surprising me by how close he sounds. 
I look up, noting that he appears nervous. In his hands is the vest.
“What?” I’m confused, is he trying to give it to me?
“I want you to have it?”
“Your bulletproof vest? No, I can’t wear that. You should wear it, Marduke.” I swallow past the lump in my throat.
“I want you to wear it.”
“I thought you said it was a family heirloom?” My voice sounds small. For some reason, I feel like this is a huge gesture, one I won’t ever be able to reciprocate. 
“It is, but you appear to find yourself in more dangerous situations than I do. Please?”
“No, I’m sorry. I appreciate it, but I can’t wear it.”
He frowns at me. “How about if you just agree to wear it for tonight, then I will take it back?”
“Why? Do you think something will happen tonight?” I worry at his words. I’ve allowed myself to consider this forest at least somewhat safe. Has that been stupid of me? Do we have more to fear here than the odd stray wild animal?
“I will sleep better if I know you’re protected.”
I sigh aloud, still feeling wrong, yet unable to think of a good enough reason to disagree again. One night can’t hurt, right?
“Fine, I’ll wear it for one night.”
“Good. I will help you put it on.” He opens the vest up then loops it through my arms. When he moves around to my front, he slides his palm down over the opening and I swear the vest seals itself. I touch the place afterwards, not feeling any difference in the material. 
“How did you do that?”
“It’s just a family trick.”
“I feel like this just moulded to me. It fits perfectly.” I’m amazed. He’s right when he says it feels like a second skin. It’s lightweight and I don’t feel any added heat from it. “Are you sure this is bulletproof? It doesn’t feel very thick; how does it stop a bullet?” I ask, already knowing it has twice stopped Marduke from being shot.
“It’s the strongest material we have back home. It will protect you.”
“I wish we had enough for all three of us,” I mutter, looking back over at Logan.
“So do I.” He, too, looks down at Logan, and then we both turn back to each other at the same time. I’m instantly aware of how close we are right now. If we were to both lean in a little, we could easily kiss.
Where did that thought come from? I’ve never thought about kissing a guy before, not ever. Sure it’s happened, but it’s always felt like a surprise to me. I have never given it enough thought to expect something like that to happen. So why am I thinking about kissing Marduke? Why am I hoping he will make the first move?
His warm breath touches my forehead as I watch him slowly creeping downwards, my feet propping me up on my tiptoes without me consciously deciding to do that. Our lips move closer as excitement and anticipation buzz through me. There is a magnet pulling us together, an attraction that suddenly feels overwhelming. 
I reach out and touch his chest, feeling the fast beating of his heart under my touch. He’s just as excited as I am.
Is this really about to happen? Are we going to kiss? This will change everything.
“Mattie?” Logan cries, breaking the spell that is wrapped around us. 
Marduke quickly leans away from me, his eyes averting from mine as he clears his throat. I take a quick step back from him, needing the space, embarrassed by my thoughts. At best, we’re just friends. Nothing more, right?
 “Hey, Logan. I’m here,” I assure him when I notice he’s upset. 
“I’m hungry and I want to go home,” he complains, tears welling in his eyes.
“I’m hungry, too. Let’s eat.” 
I avoid Marduke as I go through our bag and pull out the remaining drinks and food. I give the two empty bottles to Marduke to fill while I stay close to Logan as we eat and drink. 
That night, I ask Logan about a hundred different questions. I find this distracts him and keeps his mind off his dad and the invasion. Logan falls asleep talking, and just like last night, he sleeps between Marduke and me.
Marduke stays quiet through most of our talk. Even though it’s too dark to see each other, I swear his eyes are on me the entire time.
I’m determined that tomorrow we’ll find Hank and Lisa. I can’t allow the thought that we might never find them, or that they might have been attacked or killed, enter my mind. That couldn’t have happened. They have to be all right, and tomorrow we will find them.
I drift off to sleep, not aware that in just a couple of days my life will forever change again, and my remaining sanity will be tested beyond anything I’ve had to face yet.
Chapter 13
Marduke

“You said it’d just be for last night! Now take it off me,” Mattie hisses at me. 
“I don’t see why you don’t just wear it for one more day. You said before it wasn’t bothering you,” I argue, watching as she paces in front of me. Logan is sitting at our feet, hugging his knees to his chest as he watches us disagree.
“It’s not mine, Marduke; it’s yours. I feel wrong wearing it.”
“Just wear it for today, please?” I beg, needing her to agree to this. My father would kill me himself for giving my argu away; it’s priceless and rare. For me to give it to anyone outside our family, and another species no less, would be an offense punishable by death. Regardless, knowing how fragile Mattie is, knowing that she has nearly died only a couple of days ago from the hinema, I just can’t stand the thought of losing her. I need to do this.
“I can’t even figure out how to get this thing off me! It’s like it’s moulded itself to my body. It won’t even lift off. How did you open this thing? Or close it for that matter?” She scratches along the material, trying to find a way out of it.
I’ve feared having to explain this. How can I tell her that it will only react to my touch? That if I don’t ever take it off her, then it won’t ever come off? I’m positive there is nothing similar on Earth to that. 
“It’s a secret. Please, just wear it? I think our time is better spent trying to find Hank and Lisa rather than standing here arguing.” I use Hank and Lisa against her, knowing she’s desperate to find them.
“Fine, but this thing comes off tonight, or I’ll cut it off me.” she snaps, storming off into the forest.
Logan rushes to catch up while I take the bag left behind. We’ve filled up the bottles with water, and right now, we have six cans that we can’t open and one left that we can. There are several spare bullets and the rifle is safely stowed away in the bag with the handgun tucked away in the waist of Mattie’s pants.
I take one last, quick look back at the waterfall, knowing I’ll miss this little slice of perfection. I know I should miss it because of the access to fresh water, or the fact that we all finally got to bathe and clean our clothing a little, but I’ll miss it because of the torture it has put me through.
I’ve been taught how to withstand torture—it was part of my training back home. I spent days without food or water. I was beaten and abused. I survived it because I knew I had to, and I guess—deep down—I knew I wouldn’t die. But seeing Mattie wearing so little, leaving absolutely nothing to my imagination, was a different type of torture. It was a type I’ve never been trained for.
I know I’m attracted to her. I find her smile beautiful, her laugh infectious, her bravery and strength fascinating, and just being around her is incredibly alluring to me. I’ve never believed I’d feel more for her. However, when she stripped down, something broke inside me. I had to dig my heels into the ground to stop myself from going to her. Even when I got into the water, I needed as much space between us to assure myself I wasn’t going to do anything. Having Logan with her helped my resolve until he left her alone, then I crumbled and had to be near her.
Back home, a mate has been chosen for me. It’s never occurred to me to care about her, or at least, it hasn’t occurred to me that I could care for her. I haven’t considered if I’d have feelings for her or if she would have them for me. I just knew that we would be expected to produce children and honour my family name. 
I have never been given any lessons on how to act around females, never been told how I should feel or what to do when in their presence. I suppose that wouldn’t matter too much since this planet has different customs, but I wish I would have had some idea of things. 
When I stood in front of her, doing up my argu, I was desperate to kiss her. Covering her up with the vest felt like a waste to me, although one that was definitely necessary. I tried not to look at her breasts, but my eyes were helpless. It took every ounce of self-control I possessed to stop myself from rushing forwards and kissing her. Not only because I have no idea what it would mean for us to take things between us to that level, but because I don’t even know how Mattie feels. I swear she was looking at my lips. I know she leaned in towards me. Was it because she wanted me to kiss her? Or was she just curious about me?
Then there is the fact that I’m not even human. I couldn’t possibly do anything with Mattie without telling her, and to tell her the truth would mean I’ll lose her. If that isn’t reason enough, my father’s disapproval also weighs heavily on me. I might not ever get off this planet alive, but the thought that I could dishonour my family by acting on these urges stops me cold.
I’ve been raised my entire life to respect my father and our family history—you’re nothing if you’re not remembered. If I dishonour my family, then I will be written out. I wouldn’t have existed. I’ll be a painful memory to those around me, never spoken of until I’m finally forgotten as new generations arrive.
I’ve risked everything just by placing my argu on Mattie. If she’s found wearing it, then they’ll know I gave it to her. There is no way for her to put it on herself. There isn’t even a way for her to have taken it off me.
“M’Dude, can you carry me?” Logan is suddenly at my feet. 
I realise I’ve completely zoned out during our walk. It’s lucky I haven’t walked into a tree.
I have no idea how long we’ve been walking, but I see Mattie crossing her arms over her chest, appearing annoyed as she waits for us, eager to find Hank and Lisa.
“Of course.” I smile at his name for me. 
Reaching down, I pick him up, amazed at how little this boy weighs. I’ve never held anyone before. I’m the youngest son, and even though I know when I was a baby I must have been held by my mother at least, I have no real memory of holding anyone or ever being held.
Logan’s legs and arms wrap around me and his head rests on my shoulders. I hold him to me, feeling the same responsibility and affection for him as I’ve felt holding him in my arms yesterday. Having him trust me like this makes my heart swell. I want to protect him. I want him to be safe and happy and never have to be scared again.
I step forward, careful not to put too much pressure on my knee. It’s slowly getting better. Though I still have a limp, it’s not so pronounced now.
I look up at Mattie, seeing her eyes soften as she watches us. I know she’s instantly less annoyed with me. She stays ahead, keeping the pace hurried while I try my best to keep up.
I find my eyes straying to her ass and legs as she moves. Everything about her is exquisite. I wonder if I’ll ever get over this connection I feel forming between us. Are these strong feelings I have normal for most humans to go through? 
We walk for most of the day, shielded from the hot sun beating down on the trees above us. We only stop twice to drink more water, but we need to find food. I almost suggest we head back to the town we left a few days ago. I’m sure the hinema are no longer there, and without the ability to track me anymore, they should leave us mostly alone.
I open my mouth, ready to suggest it when Mattie squeals in excitement.
I’m no longer holding Logan since Mattie has taken him a couple of hours ago, so I’m able to move more freely. My knee might be getting better, but after a full day of walking, its beginning to feel worse again. 
We’ve managed to stumble out of the forest and into an open area, leading to a hidden away house. We’re on higher ground, and in the distance, there is only the forest with a dirt road suggesting there is a way to some civilization. 
“Finally!” Mattie rushes forward and I find renewed energy, too.
We race towards the house and even Logan can tell something good is about to happen.
The front door is unlocked and there is no sign that there has been anyone present recently. It doesn’t matter. We don’t need to see anyone else; we just need food.
Mattie places Logan down on a couch and rushes into the kitchen where she opens up every cupboard and pulls out jars, cans and packets of cookies and chips. It’s not the most balanced meal, but for once, I don’t care about the hidden ingredients or the high sugar and salt content. 
We all eat until we’re full then drink most of our remaining water. Unfortunately, the electricity and taps no longer work here, however Mattie notes that there is a rainwater tank out back. We’ll be able to fill the empty bottles back up before we leave.
“It’s getting late. Do you think it will be safe enough to stay here?” Mattie asks me, watching as Logan leans on my shoulder, already beginning to fall asleep. He’s tried to walk as much as his little legs could handle, but with the lack of food we’ve been having, he tires quickly. With a full stomach now, he’s already half asleep.
“I think we’re in the middle of nowhere, and whatever—if anything—has happened here, has been and gone.”
“Good, because I’m dying to sleep in a real bed,” she says, smiling to herself.
She stands up, moving outside to fill the water bottles before it gets too dark to see. I take the opportunity to place Logan in a bed, carrying him around the small house. It doesn’t take long to do a tour. Apart from the small kitchen and sitting room we’ve already seen, there are only two bedrooms. One room has a single bed, a desk and set of drawers, which is where I think to place Logan. The other is just as bare, but it has a double bed. Then there’s a small bathroom, which combines a bath and shower and also a toilet and basin. That’s all there is. 
I pull the sheets on the bed back, placing Logan gently in there and tucking him in. He doesn’t stir once. I watch him sleep, still able to see him through the light coming in from the window. I pull the curtain across, blanketing the room in darkness and decide to leave the door open. I don’t want him to feel trapped if he wakes up in the middle of the night.
I turn away from Logan’s room and nearly knock straight into Mattie.
“Is he settled?” she asks me, looking tired and distracted.
“Yeah, he’s sleeping.”
“Good.” She moves into the only other room and sits down heavily on the bed. “I know it’s early, but I’m going to go to bed now as well. I promised myself that we’d find Hank and Lisa today and I failed. I want to get started early tomorrow.”
“You shouldn’t be so hard on yourself,” I reprimand, losing my voice when, after taking her shoes off, she pulls her jeans off in front of me. “What are you doing?”
“I’m sick of sleeping in these. I’m in a bed, so I’m going to enjoy it,” she states as though what she says should be obvious. “And I get that there is only this bed left, and maybe you’ll offer to sleep on the couch out there, but before you do, I just want to say that I don’t have a problem with you staying in here with me. We’re friends and I trust you.” She doesn’t look at me as she says the words, pulling off her sweater and t-shirt. If she wasn’t wearing my vest, I would have a front row seat of the view I was lucky enough to witness yesterday.
Friends. She keeps throwing that word at me. Either because she can sense my attraction towards her and she’s trying to head it off with her words, or because she actually thinks that we’re friends. Is it that easy to make friends? Is it able to happen that quickly?
She stands, pulling away the covers and climbing under them, giving me a torturous view of her ass in the air before she flips onto her back, bringing the covers back over her.
“It’s a little weird to be sleeping in someone else’s bed. I feel like this should freak me out, and maybe if I wasn’t so tired, I would be, but I just feel sad. I have no idea what happened to the people who lived here, but I know it can’t be good. And now strangers are walking in their house, able to peer through their personal belongings without even knowing their names.” She speaks through closed eyes, but I watch a tear fall down the side of her face, landing on the pillow beneath her.
“Unfortunately, there isn’t anything we can do for them now,” I say, feeling useless.
“I just wonder if there is someone going through my house back home. Is there a stranger sleeping in my bed? Are there any survivors left there? Are there more survivors left around here? Or even any left on Earth? What the hell are we supposed to do if we’re the last ones left? What do we do when those machines take over our planet? What if they’ve destroyed everything? Is it even worth the fight now? Should we just give up?”
My heart stops beating at hearing her words. I’ve never heard Mattie like this. I’ve never heard her sound so defeated before.
“I wish I knew what to say to you to make this better. I want to take away your pain,” I admit, hurting for the girl in front of me.
“Could you stay with me tonight? I just… I don’t want to feel alone.”
Her vulnerability eats at me, there is no way I’d deny her anything. The fact that I’m desperate not to leave her anyway is just a bonus.
I take my shoes off, deciding to brave taking my pants off, too. I still have on my briefs and I leave my t-shirt on as well. I close the curtains as I move around the side of the bed, noting the handgun is resting on the dresser beside Mattie. Covered in darkness, I slip under the covers, moving down until my feet hug the edges and my head rests over the pillow. I get one second to calm myself down before Mattie leans into me, placing her head over my chest as her arm snakes over my stomach. Her naked legs rest next to my still body, and I resist the urge that wants me to pull her closer, to have her flush against me and lifting her over me. These are urges I’ve never had before, and I’m embarrassed by the reaction my body is having. I’m completely hard and terrified that Mattie might realise this.
I don’t think friends would have that reaction to each other, and I don’t want to lose my first and only friend, so I stay completely still, listening to Mattie’s breathing, relaxing a little when I notice it deepens as she falls asleep. I focus on that sound, trying to calm myself down and just enjoy the fact that I have this closeness to her for tonight. I have no doubt tomorrow things will go back to how they’ve been before. 

***

The next day, we leave the house.  We’re fully stocked with more food and full bottles of water. Logan appears to be in a better mood and decides to ask Mattie and me questions nonstop. Some I struggle to answer, like my favourite wiggle, my favourite food or even my favourite colour. These are questions that would come naturally for a human, or at least, understanding would be easy. I, however, struggle, thinking it is partly because I have to lie. What makes it even harder is the fact that neither of them appears to be suspicious of my answers. I know Mattie most likely finds my hesitation a response to trying to translate my answers for Logan, yet it eats me up inside to know they trust me enough not to lie.
Mattie appears to be in a better mood, too, thankfully. I’m even lucky enough to receive a few smiles from her. I’m not sure what last night meant to her, but I think that I did what she needed. I didn’t have to say the right words; I just needed to hold her and be there for her.
We walk along the dirt road, hoping to find more signs of civilization and to stumble on Hank and Lisa. I know how unlikely such a thing will be, and I try to think about how to break this fact to Mattie. She feels like a failure when she sets out with the goal of finding them each day and isn’t able to manage to do that impossible task. She’s admitted that to me last night, so how do I get her to change her mind? 
We don’t even know if Hank, Lisa and the girls are even still on Earth. Perhaps they were taken already? I won’t entertain the thought that the hinema might have harmed them. I don’t see them hurting Lisa and the girls, but I definitely think Hank wouldn’t go down without a fight, which will ensure a battle from the hinema.
I’m lost so deeply in these thoughts that it takes me a moment for my ears to register the sound I’m hearing is a child’s laugh in the breeze moving passed us. We’re getting close to people that are still alive. The voices have carried a long way, and by the time we move through more trees, we find ourselves looking out over a winery. A sign states it is Mount Baker Vineyards and there are long aisles of grape vines between us and a small cottage-like building in the distance.
It would be a beautiful sight if it weren’t for the machines that are descending on the winery in the distance. Thankfully, they are on the other side and away from us, but they’re heading in our direction. Why? Can they actually track humans? Was my locating chip only a part of how we were being discovered?
“Look, there’s Hank!” Mattie hisses, taking a step towards him, but halting herself when she stares at the hinema.
“What’s he doing?” I ask her, watching as Hank runs out of the small cottage and sprints into the vines, causing us to lose sight of him. 
“I don’t know, but he needs our help.” She nods at the two hinemas who are clearly moving after him. They’d caught sight of his movement and they’re either determined to catch him or kill him. 
“What should we do?” I ask her, knowing she won’t agree to turning and running back the way we’ve come. She’d never leave Hank here in trouble.
“Take Logan and get him to safety; I’ll go after Hank and try to surprise the machines from behind, take them out with the gun.”
“No, that’s too dangerous.” She wants us to separate? No way! Not going to happen!
“If we don’t help Hank, then he’s dead. Take Logan,” she demands, pushing Logan to walk in my direction.
“I’ll go after Hank; you stay with Logan,” I suggest.
“I don’t have time to argue. You’re not fast on your feet; your knee is still injured. I can do this. If we get separated for whatever reason, just head back to that first house.”
I don’t like it, and I have no intention of agreeing with her, but she pulls out the handgun, already loaded, and then runs towards the vines before I can get out a word of protest out.
I’m ready to chase after her, but Logan holds out his hands to me, his eyes pleading with me not to leave him. He looks terrified, and I see his small frame shaking. I can’t take him with me if I go after Mattie, but I also can’t leave him alone out here in the open. 
I growl, angry that I feel stuck. I grab hold of him, rushing us back along the trail as I look for a suitable place to hide him. There is only open space between us and where Mattie has run, and the forest still moving along the side of this area is too far away to get to. Not without leaving Mattie on her own for too long. 
“M’Dude, I’m scared,” Logan whispers to me as I turn back, hearing gunfire going off. 
I make a quick decision and sprint towards the forest with Logan in my arms, needing to give him the best head start I can manage. I have no choice but to leave him alone. I need to make sure Mattie is okay; I can’t let her sacrifice herself.
I ignore the twinge in my knee and overlook my lungs that protest as I barely allow myself to breathe in. I put all my strength into getting closer to the distant forest and then I smell the smoke.
I slow down. Turning back in horror, I realise the vineyard is on fire. Flames engulf the whole area, making it too smoky to see Mattie. I have no idea if she has found her way out of there, but I have a sinking feeling she’s still in there, trapped.
“Logan, I need you to keep running. Get into that forest and wait for me. I promise you I will come back for you, okay?”
I wait for him to nod, tears streaming freely down his face, hating myself for scaring him. I know I’ll fight to come back to him, just as hard as I’m going to fight to make sure Mattie is alive and not trapped in that fire.
I watch him stumble forward for a second before I turn and run back towards the fire, running back to Mattie.
Chapter 14
Mattie

I run after Hank, desperate to find him. I need to hear his voice and know that Lisa is okay. Why is he alone? We heard a child’s laughter; was that one of the girls we’ve saved along with Logan? He wouldn’t have left them alone, which means they must be with Lisa. So why is he running into the vineyard? Is he trying to purposely lead the machines away from the others?
I don’t get to ask him any of these questions because I never actually find him. I’m too far away, and I can’t see him over the tall grapevines. I can’t even get an angle on the machines to shoot them because they’re moving too fast and my view of them is too fleeting. I follow them, though, knowing they must be tracking Hank.
I hold my breath in fear when I hear gunshots. The machines are shooting at Hank. The sound is too automatic to be a weapon that he is shooting at them. What if they’ve hit him? What if he’s decided to sacrifice himself to save Lisa and the girls? Lisa will never recover from his loss. All her sanity is built up on Hank being alive.
Shock hits me that I might be losing one of my best friends, dulling my fear for my own safety. So when I manage to get close enough to the machines to shoot them, my hands don’t shake and I don’t hesitate as I line up my shot. They’ve stopped moving now, and I can’t see Hank anywhere near them, so either he has gotten away, or they’re blocking his view from my angle.
I move to squeeze my finger over the trigger, ready to alert them to where I am, when one decides to do one of the stupidest things I’ve ever seen. 
It fires out a fireball at the surrounding vines. 
Either the machine has a death wish, or it doesn’t realise how flammable the vineyard is. Within seconds, the area in front flares to life, quickly catching on, moving even quicker with the slight breeze in the air.
I stand in shock, watching the flames consume the machines; they do not handle the fire at all. They immediately begin to crumble under the heat and both collapse in a heap.
I’m frozen as I watch the flames eat them up, mesmerized by the sight. It’s only the heat that brings me out of my reverie and forces me to realise that I’m about to be the next victim of this fire. 
I turn and run, heading back the way I came. I don’t know where Hank is, but I have to believe he is okay and making his way through the vineyard to safety. If I start thinking differently, then I might not get out of here alive.
Thick smoke weighs heavily in the air, slowly suffocating me. I find it harder to breathe, harder to take in any oxygen without coughing, and then I begin to slow down. It’s the opposite of what I want to do and what I should be doing. I can’t help it, though. My lungs are burning and my eyes sting from the smoke in the air, causing them to water and my vision to blur. 
I stumble into the vines now, losing my balance a few times and falling to the ground. I’m not even sure if I’m heading in the right direction anymore, I just need to hope I’m not about to collide with the fire.
Heat surrounds me, the air grows hotter by the second, and I panic that it won’t matter what direction I’m moving in. If the entire field is up in flames, then I won’t have a chance of escape.
It feels like hours later that I fall through the edge of the vines, finally free of it. There is smoke everywhere, and I can barely see farther than a few feet in front of me.
I think I hear my name being called, but I feel tired. I just want to sleep. Maybe I already am sleeping? Maybe this is a dream?
I’m on my knees, the cracking of flames growing closer. I should keep moving. I might be out of the aisle of grapevines I ran down, but I’m still very likely to be burned alive staying here. The smoke is too much, though, and I wonder if maybe that’ll kill me before the fire. Smoke inhalation wouldn’t be an awful way to go, right? It’s better than being burned to death.
Maybe I’m already dead? I feel myself drifting, maybe even floating. Is my spirit leaving my body? Will I be with Hannah, Mum and Dad soon? Will this horror all be over? Can I finally rest?
I consider this way out, wondering where my spirit will end up and if maybe my parents and sister will be there. What if they’re still alive? What if by dying right now, I’m the one leaving them?
A cough builds in my throat, a pain stabs me in my chest and my arm pulls uncomfortably.
Should I be uncomfortable and feeling pain in the afterlife?
“Mattie…” My name sounds from somewhere distant, almost like a whisper. 
I open my eyes, blinking away the tears to see Marduke’s worried face.
“What…?” I whisper to him, my throat feeling too raw to get out any other words. 
He doesn’t answer me, either because he doesn’t know what I’m trying to ask or because he assumes I’ll figure out what is happening. He just wraps my arm over his shoulder and crouches down to pick me up. Within seconds I’m in his arms, my head resting over his shoulder. Then he begins jogging. 
I can’t see anything around us, the smoke far too thick, so I move my head and look up at Marduke, noticing his wince every time he places weight on his injured knee. He came back for me even though he’s in pain and he could have been killed. My heart beats faster with this knowledge; grows bigger knowing I have someone who cares about me, that maybe I’m not alone in this. 
Then my thoughts turn to Logan, and panic takes back over.
“Logan?” I gasp, looking around us for him, even though I already know it’s too misty to see anything.
“He’s safe,” Marduke huffs out. He’s concentrating hard on what is in front of us. His mouth closes, and by the way his jaw is tensed, I imagine he’s biting down hard on his pain. His face glistens with sweat. I feel disgusting myself, knowing I’m sweating all over. I wish we could go back to that place we found and have another swim in the cool water.
Marduke runs with me in his arms for anything from ten minutes to several hours. I lose track of time as my head begins to feel foggy, and the only thing that shakes me loose of falling deep into the darkness and becoming unconscious is hearing Logan crying in the distance. My eyes snap open as Marduke slows down to a quick pace. The air is clearer here, but there is a fine mist and the smoky smell is enough to make me gag.
He stops us when Logan comes into view. I look at his tear stained face. He’s just at the edge of the forest, sitting on the ground with his arms hugging his legs. He looks like a tiny ball. 
“Logan!” I croak out, my voice still sore from all the smoke. Even just saying his name again causes me to cough and my limbs feel heavy from trying to catch my breath.
He stands at hearing me call his name, and just as Marduke places me down on my feet, Logan wraps his arms around my legs tightly. I feel unstable so I keep one hand holding onto Marduke, the other resting on top of Logan’s head, brushing his hair around.
“It’s okay; we’re safe now,” I try to soothe him with my croaky voice, but I realise that we might not be safe at all. 
The fire continues to blaze in the distance. I worry that maybe we’ll have attracted more machines to come, if not because they know there are humans around here, then because they’ll need to put out the fire.
Or what if they don’t? What if it spreads to the remaining forest and destroys it all? What if there are other fires being ignored in other countries and they plan to let all of Earth burn?
“We need to keep moving,” Marduke says carefully, his eyes gazing intently at me.
I nod, wishing that I could find a bed to collapse on and sleep for a few days instead.
“Will you be okay to walk on your own?”
I stare at him, knowing he’s ready to carry me if he needs to, but I know his knee must be killing him now and Logan looks exhausted. If anyone needs to be carried, it’s him.
“Yes, I’m feeling better now.” I try to smile in an attempt to at least appear as though I believe my words, but I already know he doesn’t believe me. It doesn’t help that my throat is killing me and my words come out as a croak.
“Mattie, let me help you,” he pleads, stepping closer to me.
I cough, trying to clear my throat before I begin speaking. There’s nothing like losing my voice mid-sentence and proving his point. “Logan needs to be carried and I’m still a bit too weak for that I think, do you mind?” I ask him, not wanting to start fighting. Not only do I not have the energy for that, but I know I’m right. Logan needs to be carried more than me.
I look back at the fire, watching as it still blazes high. The breeze might be pushing the smoke in the opposite direction from us, however it’s thick enough that it’s still travelling towards us.
“Fine, but you tell me if we need to stop.” He stares intently at me, his gaze blazing just as much as the fire.
“I will.”
Marduke scoops Logan up in his arms, holding him just as tightly as I see Logan holding onto him. He’s scared; tears are still falling down his face. I can’t imagine what he’s going through. He has not only lost his dad, but now he has to rely on two complete strangers, who can’t feed him regularly and his days are filled with endless walking. Add to that the fact that he probably just feared he’d lost us both, and that equals one stressed out, scared kid.
“What happened to Hank?” Marduke asks with a slight flinch overcoming his face as though he’s preparing for me to become upset. Does he think he’s still in the fire? What if he is?
“I don’t know. I hope he got away.”
It pains me to know he might be hurt or worse. They were so close to us, but now there is a raging fire between us and we have to retreat. Finding them will have to happen another day.
I follow behind the boys, my lungs burning uncomfortably with every breath, my mouth dry and desperate for water. There are moments where I feel dizzy and black spots appear in front of me; I keep pushing forward, though, knowing we need to put distance between us and that scene. I just wish we could find Lisa and Hank. 
I try not to think about what’s happened to them, needing all my thoughts and focus on taking the next step in front of me. Already my mind has wandered several times, and I immediately trip up. Thankfully, I haven’t landed on my ass yet.
In what feels like days, but what can only be a couple of hours, we finally stop and rest. I lean against a tree, my legs wobbling and I’m out of breath. I’m thirsty, starving and exhausted. 
“We shouldn’t stop,” I say to Marduke, watching as he places a sleeping Logan down gently on the ground. 
“You need to rest, and we need food and water,” he says, taking one last look at Logan before he steps in front of me. His eyes meet mine and I feel his warm breath lightly touching my hair. His dark green eyes soften as he gazes at me, causing my heartbeat to race in my chest, and this time, not from overexerting myself. 
I take in his handsome features, wanting to brush my hand along his strong, sharp jaw, needing to press my lips against his and desperate to feel his arms around me. It’s an urge that knocks me so strongly I don’t even bother resisting it. 
I have barely any experience in this department and very little in making the first move, so I’m hesitant as I lean forward, placing both my arms over his shoulders, my mouth just inches from his. When I link my arms around him, locking me in place, he finally wraps his arms around me, bringing me flush against him, my light skin shining against his darkened skin. 
Passion flares to life inside me, something I haven’t known I was capable of feeling for another person as I close the distance between our lips, catching his surprised look before I shut my eyes and focus on his lips. His body tenses against me, his arms holding me tight enough against him to possibly bruise, but as soon as he feels my tongue exploring his mouth, his whole demeanour changes. 
He pushes my back against the tree behind me, one hand moving to hold my hips while the other travels up my side, over my sweater and unfortunately, vest covered breast, then over my neck. He grips a hold of my hair, holding me in place as his tongue moves with my own, causing my senses to overload, not just with the taste of his mouth, which is intoxicating me, but  more. His arms hold me, giving me strength. His scent is of woods, sweat and a natural masculine smell that makes me feel safe. I’m suddenly certain I’ve never been kissed properly before—not before this kiss. 
I feel when it changes from exploration to desperation. He lifts me up, surprising me and causing me to break our kiss briefly. He lowers me to the grassy area, and as soon as my back touches the ground, me moves over me. His whole body covers mine while his hands move along my sides, moving my jumper upwards and bumping into the vest underneath. His mouth captures mine again, keeping me from saying anything, though I have a feeling, if I tried to say something, it’d just come out gibberish. 
My own hands explore, finding traction with his skin since he now wears no vest. His chest is hard, his muscles twitching and tensing under my hands. His skin is slick with sweat, but so is my own. 
I link my legs around him, needing to get closer to him, needing to feel something that I’ve never needed before. There is an ache growing inside me, and I don’t know what I’m supposed to do about it, but when I feel his hardness move against me, some of that ache settles for the brief moment and then the ache grows worse.
“Marduke…” I mumble his name, trying to catch my breath. 
He moves against me again, his tortured groan matching exactly how I feel. We stay in this torturous embrace, staring into each other. There is an intimacy here that grows with every second that passes. I open my mouth, ready to beg for him to rock against me like that again, but before I get a word out, he suddenly pulls away from me.
“Mattie, we need to stop.” He grabs my hands in his own and prevents me from moving them lower, but my legs stay wrapped around him, and he doesn’t try to move off me.
“Why?”
“Because we’re on the ground, because Logan is asleep just a short distance away, because you don’t know me, not really.”
“I do know you,” I protest, not wanting to stop what we’re doing. I need us to keep going. In fact, I’m desperate for us not to stop. “You saved my life back there, and you’ve done it before. That speaks volumes to me. You’re brave, strong, and not to mention, I find you incredibly hot.” I redden slightly at having just freely admitted that, but this is so beyond being embarrassed over something so small. “I trust you.”
Instead of being reassured by my words, he looks panicked. “You shouldn’t trust me.”
“Why?” I don’t understand, and given that the world as we know it is ending, I’m not sure what really matters anymore. Surely his past in France doesn’t matter now? Whatever he is referring to, it doesn’t need to be brought into this.
“I need to find us food and water before it gets too dark. You and Logan should get some rest. I’ll search for supplies and come back.”
“You’re leaving us?” I say, panicking. I’ve proven to myself that I’m stronger and braver than I’ve ever realised. I can take care of myself, and maybe if it came down to it, I’d take care of Logan, too. Or at least I’ll try my best. That doesn’t mean I don’t need Marduke, or that I want him to go.
“Just for a little while. I’ll be back,” he whispers, his gaze staring at me intently again.
“But what if you get lost or hurt?” I worry, my legs subconsciously tightening around him, causing us both to groan.
“There is nothing in this world that will keep me from you, I promise.” At that, he pushes off me, and I move my legs away from him. I feel colder without him over me, even though the weather is warm.
“I don’t like this.”
“I know, but it needs to be done. I will be back in the morning.” He leans further away from me, and while I often find him gazing unnervingly at me, now he isn’t glancing my way at all. He’s avoiding looking at me.
“How do you know you’ll find anything?”
“I don’t, but I won’t come back empty-handed.” He finally looks at me, assuring me that he won’t break that promise.
“What about your knee? You’re injured, too.” 
“It is feeling better.” He quickly looks away again, proving to me that he’s lying.
“Not if you keep on it. Please, Marduke, don’t leave us.”
“I will be back.”
I open my mouth to protest again, not feeling right about this at all, but he stops me by leaning over and kissing me again. This time the passion is simmered, and if anything, I feel like this is a goodbye kiss. My eyes water, and when I close them, tears threaten to fall, yet I manage to hold them in. 
“Fine.” I push him away and crawl over to a still sleeping Logan. I wrap my arm around him, bringing him in close to me and trying my best to ignore Marduke and the taste of him on my lips. If I don’t think about it, if I pretend that he doesn’t mean much to me, then maybe it won’t hurt as badly if I never see him again.
“I will come back,” he promises again, sounding worried.
“I know. See you soon,” I speak quietly, dismissing him. I don’t want to wake Logan up and have him realise Marduke is leaving. If I feel panicked and sad at the thought, then Logan will be worse.
I hear his retreating footsteps, forcing myself not to look back to see him leaving. New emotions bombard me, ones that I don’t want to be feeling. Sadness, loneliness and heartbreak are all coming to the forefront.
I ignore them, instead thinking about Hank and Lisa. I heard a child’s laughter before I saw the machines coming. It means they were close and didn’t know they were in danger. When Hank saw those machines, he would have sent them off to hide while he drew them away. I only ever saw two, which means Hank successfully kept them away from Lisa and the two girls. And I saw them burning to death, so providing Hank didn’t get trapped in that field during the fire or sent away somewhere else, it’s possible he is back with Lisa right now. It means that we’re close to them and heading in the right direction.
I let that thought warm me, focusing on the image of Hank and Lisa, believing that we’ll be reunited soon. I might need Marduke for my sanity, but I also need my two best friends. I would have never have guessed how much I really needed them, though, not after what happens to us tomorrow.
Chapter 15
Marduke

I walk to the edge of the forest before nightfall then let the stars and moon in the sky help guide me into the nearest town. 
Mattie is right; my knee is aching badly. My body might be better at healing than a human’s, but I’ve done nothing right to help it along. Carrying Mattie nearly killed me. Any added weight causes my knee to twinge in pain, so even Logan is a struggle. Mattie is a fully grown woman, and while she doesn’t appear to have an ounce of fat on her, she is tall and muscled. In normal circumstances, I’d have no problems carrying her. In fact, there was a part of me that took a lot of pleasure having her in my arms like that. I think, if my knee wasn’t messed up—even if we weren’t running for our lives—I’d still want to carry her around with me. The more time I spend with her, the more she feels like more than my equal. She is beginning to become everything to me, and I don’t know how to force those feelings away.
I’ve been taught many lessons in my preparation of being part of the leader’s family on my planet. Feelings haven’t been mentioned. I’m aware pleasure can be made from sex, but never is it told that passion rules our bodies. We never mate outside our chosen partners, and only death can mean you have more than one mate. If I were to take things there with Mattie, I’d not only be doing my future mate on Oden a dishonour, but I’d be dishonouring my family. 
Mattie doesn’t know who I truly am. She has no clue I’m part of the reason her planet is being taken over, no idea that I’m not from Earth. There is no way I can take this any further with her, no matter how badly I want to, until she knows. And since I already feel my restraint waning on the matter, I need to tell her soon.
I fear I know her response. She’ll hate me. She might even try to leave me. And I can’t even be mad about that because I understand why she’ll despise me; I’ve taken everything from her. Her family, her friends and her home are all gone because of my people—because of my family.
Still, I want her badly. I want to touch all of her, to see her naked and wanting me. I know what would have happened if I hadn’t stopped it earlier. I saw the same want and need reflected in her eyes. The pure ecstasy that went through my body as she rubbed up against me was enough to almost finish me. 
My life has always had a purpose, and apart from disagreeing with the attack on Earth, I’ve never been tempted from what I’ve thought was the right path. In that moment, at that very second with Mattie, I’d have been happy to spend my life doing nothing other than being with her. I’d spend eternity trying to make her happy, a lifetime pleasuring her and trying to do what is right by her. Even now, with the distance between us, I want her badly. I don’t ever see this going away, and that means we have a serious problem.
If we’re both to survive—which I refuse to lose Mattie—then we need a plan. I can’t go back home, not when Ival wants me dead and my father wants me to take over as leader.
Mattie is a human; she’ll never be allowed at my side. As soon as Ival or father knows of her, she’ll be dead. She’ll be taken out before she can bring shame down on our family name. They won’t care how brave, strong, beautiful or inspirational she is. They won’t listen when I try to explain that I’ve grown to care deeply for her. They’ll just see her as human, as a lesser being, and they won’t stand for it. 
No, Mattie can never go to Oden and neither can I now. Earth isn’t safe, either; but perhaps if we can stay hidden long enough, then Logan, Mattie and I can escape to a new planet. A planet that will accept us and let us live our lives. Or maybe we can be wanderers, living out our life traveling around the universe.
Of course, all this rides on the fact that Mattie has to want to be with me. After that kiss, I know she has feelings for me, but at the moment, they’re for the French human, Marduke. Now she needs to hear about the real me and make her decision.
I’ve moved past the fire now, which is slowly beginning to die out in the distance. A light rain is sprinkling over it, a rain that is only moving over the flames and not the areas that aren’t affected by fire. It means that it’s being put out purposefully, which also means that the hinema must be close. The air is smoky, however it’s nothing near as bad as what it was like when I reached Mattie in the field. This smoke is bearable, so I keep moving forward.
Ahead I find a house and move in closer. I’ve removed the tracking device from me, but I know any movement or noise that catches the hinema’s attention will have them coming down on me. I need to be careful.
I make it inside the house without a hassle, leaving the curtains open, allowing me to see where objects are in the house to avoid. The only problem is that I can’t exactly make out what they are, so it takes me a while to find a bag, and even longer to find a can opener. I don’t find any bottles of water, however there are cans of soda. They’ll be better than nothing.
Searching more through the house, I find a couple of jackets, some clean t-shirts that hopefully Mattie and I can fit into, and I even find some smaller clothes for Logan. I can’t see what colour anything is, but I don’t think that will really matter.
With the bag full, I move back towards the front door and stop dead when I hear Ival’s voice. He’s close, as in just outside the house. I stand frozen in shock as I listen to him speaking in our language.
“You mentioned he was here. Where is he now?” he snaps. I imagine him speaking to the hinema, which makes no sense since they are unable to speak back. You can download information from them, but not verbally interact with them.
“We’re not sure. He was seen with two humans,” a voice responds, and I realise he’s speaking to one of our guards. It means our people have arrived on the planet, therefore most of the humans must be off it. We’re close to completely owning Earth.
“He was with humans? Why would he take refuge with them? They’re being hunted.”
“I do not know, Drym.” The guard calls Ival a name of high respect, the equivalent of being called “sir.” “One of the humans was a woman. She was… pretty.” The guard appears to struggle with finding the correct word to describe Mattie. There aren’t many words that describe someone beautiful on Oden. There is no need for such words. 
“Are you insinuating that he is mating with this human woman?” Ival sounds disgusted, and I almost growl aloud in anger at the insulting note in his tone, as if sleeping with a human is so beneath us. Of course, I need for him to believe I’d never do that, that I couldn’t care about Mattie. If he knows I care, then she’ll just have a bigger target on her back.
“No, Drym. I’m sorry.” The guard’s voice sounds muffled. I imagine he’s kneeling right now, giving Ival his respect. On Oden, formalities are less proper, but out here, Ival would demand every respect be paid to him.
Ival sighs wearily and his footsteps sound closer. I quickly jump back, moving further into the house and sneaking around the corner as Ival opens the front door.
“Find him. I want him here now. I’m sick of chasing after him. He’s being a coward. While I don’t believe he’s mating with a human, I don’t doubt he might have grown attached to the two humans. If you can’t find him, then find them. Dead or alive, bring them to me. I want my brother to suffer for wasting my time.”
My hands fist around the bag I’m holding as I take a step to move around the corner. I’m ready to face my brother once and for all, to put an end to this. Except I know Ival is stronger than me, and right now, I’m outnumbered. His guards won’t protect me. He’s the older son, and until our father announces his intentions to bypass Ival and select me as future leader, they’ll always protect him first.
I’ve promised Mattie I’ll be back for her and Logan. Confronting Ival is a sure way to break my promise. I need to stay hidden to get back to her. She needs this food, and without it, I might be guaranteeing not only her death but Logan’s. So I don’t take another step forward, instead retreating silently to the back of the house. I find a backdoor and sneak my way out.
I’m more careful navigating the woods this time, aware there are also guards searching for me—searching for us.
Having Mattie and Logan with me is placing them in further danger, but the damage has been done now. They have guards and hinemas coming for them. Leaving them alone won’t accomplish anything now. I have to just hope that I can protect them from what is coming, and the first step to that is telling Mattie who I really am.

***

Walking through the forest in the dark is almost impossible. I walk into several things, and when I fall and twist my knee, I know I have to stop. If I get hurt worse, then I won’t be any help to Mattie or Logan.
I don’t consume any of the food or beverages I’ve stolen, not feeling right with eating or drinking while Mattie and Logan go without.
I lie on the ground, my mind circling over what Ival has said. He’s never going to stop until I’m dead, and now he won’t stop until Mattie and Logan are, too. It means, if I want to survive, if I want to save them, I’ll need to kill my brother.
I don’t hate Ival. I understand his motives too well to hate him. He wants this planet because it will bring great fortune to our people. New technology, new farming techniques, new crops and new land. It will create new jobs and add to our acquisitions. It’s the find of a lifetime. No other planet will ever compare to owning Earth. Giving it up is not an option. I should have known I’d never be able to stop this.
Taking me out makes sense, too, because all Ival has ever wanted is power. It’s all we’ve ever been brought up to want. I’ve never assumed I’d become leader, so I was brought up wanting to serve my family and honour us. For Ival to have his future leadership threatened, I understand his need to take me out.
Ival is cruel and can be sadistic, though. He’s just proven it with his request of bringing in Mattie and Logan, dead or alive. He only wants them to hurt me, and he’ll take pleasure in my pain.
When we’ve fought each other in training, Ival always has won. He’s older, stronger, bigger and further along with his training. He would beat me until our trainer would tell him to stop. The look in his eyes as he would strike me… he enjoyed it. There is darkness in my brother, one that I didn’t realise my father could see. And now that cruelty is aimed right for Mattie and Logan.
As soon as the first light appears, I get moving. I limp my way forward, not allowing myself to think about what I’ll find when I get back to Mattie and Logan.
Last night I used my knife to scratch along the trees I passed, and while in the dark, I’ve gotten off track a little. However, in the light, I find my way easily. 
The bag is heavy, so I swing it over my back, hoping to take some of the strain off my arms. 
When I notice a track along the woods, I veer off, curious as to why there is a walking track up here at all. A mile or so up the dirt track I find a small shack. It’s sheltered and there is a board on one of the walls with maps plastered over it. One side has a desk with a radio on it as well as pieces of blank paper, spare maps and pens. A tattered rug hugs the ground, and on the other side, there is a small couch and a blanket. Pinned on the entryway door is a notice.
‘A shelter for hikers and lost souls: If you find yourself lost or in need of assistance, please use the radio provided. Water and food rations are available in the drawers under the desk. Please keep them shut to avoid attracting animals. There are maps on the wall and spare ones on top of the desk. Take what you need and please spare what you don’t. Safe journey traveler. This safe haven was built in memory of the great man, Jacob Hope, gone too soon, but never forgotten.’
I take another look inside and grab one of the maps on the desk, noticing it is marked on for where I am now. We’ve managed to make it back into America. I then head back out towards where I’ve left Logan and Mattie.
I know when I’m getting close because I hear loud voices speaking through something muffled. Fear surges inside me as I rush forward, afraid that my detour has cost me. I should have gone straight to them. I shouldn’t have followed the trail.
When I break through the bush and stumble on them, I don’t find any of the guards, hinemas or Ival interrogating or hurting Mattie and Logan. Instead, I find Logan sobbing, his arms hugging his legs and Mattie crouching over him, trying to soothe him.
“M’Dude!” Logan yells out, catching sight of me first. He races towards me, not slowing down as he reaches me and runs into my legs. My sore knee takes the brunt of the impact, but my worry over why he is crying keeps me from focusing on it.
“What’s wrong? What happened?” I ask, first looking at Logan and then my eyes finding Mattie. She looks tired, as if she hasn’t gotten much sleep last night.
“He’s tired, hungry and grumpy. If you add in a nightmare about those awful machines and seeing you and me dead, you might get why he’s so upset. When he woke and couldn’t find you, he lost it.”
My heart breaks for him, realising what my leaving has done to him. I never wanted to scare him.
“I’m okay, Logan, and I even brought you food and something to drink,” I soothe, handing the bag over to Mattie who quickly opens it.
“Did you have any trouble getting this?”
I hesitate answering her, thinking back to finding Ival and the words he spoke.
“Right, tell me later.” She correctly reads that something has happened, her eyes drifting down to Logan. 
I’m not looking forward to telling her the truth. I already know she isn’t going to take it well. How will Logan take it? Should I not say anything to him? Besides, he’s only five-years-old, so he’s unlikely to fully understand what I’m saying.
She takes out the clothes I’ve stuffed away in there, her eyebrow raising high into her hairline when she sees the pink clothing I got for Logan. I didn’t realise the room I’d been in had been a small girl’s. In the dark I’d thought the clothing were dark colours like blacks, green and blues. It turns out most of the clothes I got were yellows, oranges and pinks. Yet, there are a couple of grey t-shirts that I change into, enjoying the fresh clothing against my skin. 
Mattie watches me change, and when she places on a clean, faded yellow t-shirt under her sweater, I curse again having her wear that vest. It continually stops me from seeing what I so desperately want to see. Yesterday it kept me from touching her. Even though it protects her, maybe it’s time I took it off, just for a short while...
Once Mattie has a can of cola in front of Logan as well as a packet of crackers I managed to grab, she moves towards me looking uncomfortable.
“What is it?” I ask, my stomach grumbling for food. I don’t crouch down to take anything from the bag, though, waiting for Mattie to first eat.
“Thank you for saving my life yesterday and for going out to get us food and for coming back,” she says nervously and then hugs me.
Having her so close is torture, but before I can reach behind her to hold her to me, she moves away and reaches down for a can of soda, passing it to me. She takes one also and drowns the liquid. 
When I take a gulp, I know this is the most disgusting thing I’ve ever tasted. I purposefully avoid looking at what ingredients are in it while also attempting to pretend this is cold. It does the job of quenching my thirst, at least for now. I also eat the  canned apples Mattie passes me next. 
After we all drink and eat until we’re full, we decide to start moving again.
“How’s your knee?”
“Sore. I found a place on my way back here and I think we should check it out.”
“Why? What is in there?”
“It just seems like a safe and comfortable place to have a chat. There is seating that isn’t on a hard ground.”
She eyes me wearily. “What kind of chat?”
“One we need to have. I have something to tell you, and I think you’ll want to be sitting down to hear it.” I know I sound nervous, which is putting her on edge. 
She takes Logan’s hand as she walks behind me, letting me lead the way. “Okay, but we can’t stay too long. We’re close to Hank and Lisa, and I don’t want to lose them again.”
“This won’t take long,” I promise, fearful that she won’t even let me finish my first sentence before she runs screaming in disgust and hatred, leaving me forever.
I don’t expect the completely different reaction I receive instead.
Chapter 16
Mattie

We make it to the small shack quickly, and after searching around it, which takes all of ten seconds, I settle Logan on the couch with the paper and pens and ask him to draw me something.
Once he’s lost to concentrating on his work, I step over to Marduke and lower my voice so Logan doesn’t overhear us. Feeling like I’m not going to like this conversation, I straighten my back and hug my arms around me.
“What did you see? How many more machines are outside here now?”
He appears thrown by my question, which is weird. Isn’t that what he wants to talk to me about? 
“There are a few by the winery that was on fire,” he states carefully, as though he’s expecting me to freak out on him soon. It means he’s holding something back.
“Was on fire? So they’ve put it out then?” I don’t want Earth to burn. I don’t know what humanity’s place will be on this planet—if we’re being killed off to the point of extinction or if we’ll manage to hide out here and keep going—but the thought of our planet being destroyed, too? That’s just too much. Why take us from our homes, murder us, just so they can also destroy our planet? How pointless and sad.
“Yes, they were putting it out as I was there. I could see it in the distance. I also saw my brother there.” He watches me carefully after saying that. His intense I’m-seeing-into-your-soul type staring.
“Your brother? You found him? Why didn’t you bring him with you? Is he hurt?” I can’t understand Marduke’s mood. He doesn’t sound pleased to have found his brother, which makes no sense.
“He is fine. I didn’t bring him with me because he’s trying to kill me, and he’s now trying to kill you and Logan.”
I take an involuntary step back from his words, shocked into silence for a moment. What is he talking about?
“You must have this wrong, Marduke. Your brother isn’t trying to kill you, especially not now. We’re under attack. This is the time we put aside whatever differences we had before and fight together,” I explain, wondering if he’s translating this wrong. I’ve never met his family before, but I can’t help feeling it’s unlikely that his brother would want to seriously harm him, and especially not while we’re being invaded.
He shakes his head, wringing his hands out nervously. “My brother wants me dead because my father told him that he plans on making me his successor. I’m to lead our people when he steps down.”
“What people? France will be in the same position as we’re in now. There are no leadership roles or anything anymore,” I say, wondering briefly how powerful his father is.
“I’m not French, Mattie. I’m not anything that you know. I’m not from Earth at all. I’m the reason Earth is being attacked. My father ordered this attack.”
I let his words sink in, and then pull out the desk chair beside us and push him down onto it.
“What are you doing?”
“I think you might have been hit in the head.” I move my hands over his forehead, feeling for any signs of excessive heat or any other injuries.
“I haven’t been hit in the head, Mattie.” He sighs, his eyes closing. I swear he looks content. It’s either because my hands are touching him as I stand close and he’s feeling what I am, which is heat moving back through my body at our close contact, or he’s messing with me. 
Then, it makes perfect sense. 
I laugh, pulling my hands away from him and leaning over, laughing so hard I can’t stand up straight. 
“Are you okay?” Marduke stands, his hand moving over my back. I don’t know how he can still keep a straight face while telling me this joke.
Logan giggles from the corner, not having heard the joke Marduke’s said, but laughing because I am. Hearing Logan laughing makes me laugh even harder. I haven’t laughed in so long it feels good.
“Mattie, I’m not sure this is the right response to what I’m saying. I’m telling you I’m what you consider an alien.”
“Stop, Marduke. While I appreciate the laugh, we need to focus,” I tell him between large gulps of air. His face still looks serious.
“Focus on what?”
“On our next step. We need to find Hank and Lisa and decide what we’re going to do next. We haven’t had any problems in the woods, so maybe Hank’s idea of us staying here is a good one.”
“But what about what I just told you? You don’t have any questions for me? You don’t hate me for being an alien?” His eyes are wide in shock.
“Marduke, stop,” I say this more forcefully. I can take a joke, but I also know when a joke needs to end.
“Mattie, you stop. I’m not lying to you. I’m telling you the truth.”
He still looks dead serious, causing uncertainty to build up inside me. 
“What truth?”
“I’m from a planet called Oden. We explore the universe and find planets that we can acquire and take over. We have nine other planets so far; Earth will be our tenth.” He takes a deep breath. “I didn’t realise how evolved you were. We’ve never found a planet with a species that look like us. My brother and I stayed here and gathered information. Then he ordered the attack. I didn’t know they were going to harm you. I thought they’d just take you all back to Oden and… Well, I don’t know. I was an idiot. I knew it was wrong, and I swear I wanted to stop my father once I realised that we had no right to Earth, but it was too late. My father informed Ival of his plans for me to become leader, and I had to run.”
I shake my head, not knowing what to think of what he’s saying to me. 
He continues speaking, making me even more confused. “Those machines, the hinemas, were able to track me. We each have a tracking device implanted in case we get lost or find any trouble. Ival managed to make the machines come after me instead. I didn’t realise at first, but then, when we were running from the truck with Hank shooting, it still came after you and me. Then, when we were in that town and they started chasing me, I knew what he’d done. It’s why I cut my arm. I had to get the tracking device out. I needed to destroy it.”
I look down at his arm. The blood has been washed off from the swim he took, but the cut is still open, and if I’m being honest, it now looks a little raw, maybe even a little infected.
Is this what is causing Marduke to go crazy? Is he suffering an infection?
I reach out, touching the back of my hand to his forehead again. He doesn’t feel hot. Then I realise, if the self-inflicted cut is causing him to go crazy, what made him cut himself in the first place? I saw that bloodied knife; I know he did that to himself. Why?
“Where were you living when the invasion began?”
“What does that matter?”
“Just answer me.” I need to know if we managed to rescue a mental patient. When I first saw Marduke, he looked like he was giving up. He was talking to those machines as if they’d understand him. I never heard what he said, but he definitely looked as though he had a death wish. After saving that little girl, a normal person would have run; he just stood still and waited.
Maybe he isn’t all right. Maybe it’s taken until now for him to have a complete meltdown.
“I was on the run from my brother; I wasn’t staying anywhere. Before that, I was in America.”
“Were you living in a home for people with mental problems?”
“No, I was in an apartment with Ival in Oregon.” He gives me a confused look. I swallow down my sigh.
“And Ival is your brother?”
“Yes. Listen, he’s dangerous, and now he knows about you guys. You deserve to know that and you deserve to know the truth about me. I like you a lot, Mattie, more than I’ve ever liked someone before, and I don’t want to lie to you. I don’t want to trick you into anything.”
My heart breaks with his words, not because I believe what he’s saying, but because he does. He really thinks he’s doing the right thing because he actually believes what he’s saying is real. 
“I don’t know what you want me to do here,” I reply, feeling a weight leaning down over my shoulders.
“Do you believe me?”
I open and close my mouth several times without the slightest idea how to answer that because I don’t know how I’m supposed to deal with someone having a mental breakdown. Will I send him over the edge by arguing? Is he even safe to be around anymore?
“Mattie, what are you thinking?”
“Honestly? I’m feeling a little scared. I don’t know what you want from me here. Why is it so important to tell me this? Weren’t you happy with how things were? We were a unit before, and now what?”
“I’m still the same person. I’m just not hiding my past from you anymore.”
I look over my shoulder, seeing Logan scribbling away at the page. There are several loose pages that have fallen onto the ground and they all have drawings on them. He has no idea what is happening over on the other side of the room.
“I think we need to leave and try to find Hank and Lisa,” I say slowly, a million thoughts vying for attention in my mind, giving me an instant headache.
“It’s not safe outside this forest. In fact, it probably won’t be safer much longer in here. We need to move deeper into it and away from where we last saw Hank.”
“Away from Hank? No, we need to find them,” I argue.
“They’re not safe where they are, either, finding them will be too dangerous.”
“I’m not giving up. I will find Hank and Lisa, and you can either come with us or we can split up right here and now.”
“I’m not going to leave you unprotected.” He frowns.
“If you believe what you’re telling me, then you’ve just put targets on our heads. How is that protecting us?”
“I didn’t mean for any of this to happen.” He shrugs at me, coming across as nonchalant, igniting my anger.
“You didn’t mean to go insane and start spurting out crap about being an alien?” I snap.
“I’m not lying; I really am from a planet called—”
“Crazy! You’re from a planet called crazy. How dare you do this! We don’t need this. I thought… I thought you were someone I was supposed to be able to rely on.” Tears well in my eyes, but I refuse to let them fall.
He winces, noticing my distraught state. “You can rely on me.”
“No, I can’t. You’re either insane, or… no, there is nothing else. You’ve lost it.” I throw my hands up in the air.
“I’m not crazy!” he yells at me while punching his fist into the desk beside us, scaring the hell out of me.
I jump back and behind us Logan gasps. We all stay silent, even Logan doesn’t make a sound. The tension in the air thickens with every passing second.
“You have to believe me,” he says carefully, his voice muffled as he grounds his jaw shut, as if he’s trying his hardest not to yell again.
Logan reaches out behind me, having silently gotten up. He holds onto my leg, wrapping his arms around me. “Mattie, I’m scared,” he whispers.
I want to tell him that I’m scared, too, that I’m not capable of doing this alone, that I don’t know how to take care of a five-year-old in the middle of an invasion. I don’t know how to take care of a five-year-old full time. I’m not prepared. I’m not ready, and I don’t want to do this alone. I can’t tell him that, though, because he is a kid who needs me. He doesn’t need to hear my fears or see my tears. He needs to believe I can take care of him because it’s obvious to both of us now that Marduke can’t.
“It’s okay; everything is going to be fine,” I tell him, patting him gently on the head. 
I reach down beside me, picking up the bag and moving it over to the couch where Logan’s papers are scattered about. I don’t glance directly at Marduke, however I’m aware of where he is. I need to know if he tries to make any sudden movements.
“What are you doing?” he asks me, his voice suddenly nervous.
I take out some food, unsure of how much to leave behind. Marduke has risked his life again to get this food; it feels wrong to take it, but I can’t leave it all behind. Logan doesn’t deserve to go without. If I’m going to do this on my own, I’ll need something to start us off with. So I pull out the bag that Marduke has brought back with him, the one that we’ve just emptied into the bigger gym bag, and start tossing food into it. I give him most of it, leaving Logan and me just enough food for a couple of days. I leave us a few cans and two empty bottles as well. Maybe we can find water somewhere to fill them up.
“Mattie?” Marduke takes a step closer, and I pull out the handgun. I don’t point it at him because I can tell he’s no longer angry; he just looks defeated. I don’t feel scared enough to believe he’ll physically hurt me, either. Plus, I don’t want to scare Logan. 
He glances down at my hand, reading correctly my intent by holding it.
“You hate me now because of what I am?” He doesn’t sound accusing, just tired and resigned.
“I don’t hate you. I’m disappointed that this has happened. I think I can sort of understand. This invasion has put a lot of pressure on you, and I’m sorry you’re not handling it well. I can see you believe what you’re saying, but I know it’s not true. You’re obviously getting worse if you felt the need to tell me. Maybe this is your way of warning me that you’re spinning out of control? I mean, you harmed yourself because you believed you had a tracking device in your arm. What happens when you think there is one inside me? Or Logan? Will you cut us, too?”
He blanches at my words, giving me a small amount of comfort that he doesn’t relish the thought of harming us.
“I think that maybe we’ve travelled as far as we can together.” I look back down at the bag, seeing all the ammo and the rifle. Is it safe to leave him with a weapon? What if he continues going crazy? What if he ends up harming himself? But then, what happens if he comes into contact with one of those machines? Can I really just leave him with nothing to defend himself with?
I take out the rifle, knowing that’s the better weapon to have for shooting at a distance and causing the most damage. I place it in front of me on the couch and move the handgun into Marduke’s bag as well as the spare ammunition.
“You’re leaving?”
“You want to go deeper into the forest, and I want to find Hank and Lisa. It’s time to go our separate ways.” My heart races with my words, and again, I have to blink back my tears.
“But I thought we were… I thought we were friends?” He sounds hurt and that, too, causes an ache to swell in my chest.
“We are friends, Marduke. Even if we never see each other again, we’ll always be friends.”
“I’ll go with you. If you’re positive you want to find Hank and Lisa, I’ll help you.” He holds his hands up in surrender.
I sigh because I’m confused and afraid, and I have no idea what I’m doing. 
“I don’t want to fight with you,” I say, sounding weary.
“I don’t want to fight with you, either.”
“Good.” I stare up at him, weighing in my mind what he’s saying to me. “Can I trust you, Marduke?”
“Yes.”
“You’ll tell me the truth, no matter what you think I want to hear?”
He’s more hesitant to answer now, but he does eventually. “Yes.”
“Where are you from?”
He stares back at me, our eyes locked. I see his internal battle. 
“Oden,” he finally says, his craziness winning out.
“Why are you here with Logan and me?”
“Because you saved my life, and I want to protect you both.”
“Why do you want to protect us?”
“Because… you’re my friend. From what I’ve learned on this planet, friends are meant to be there for one another.”
His words cut me like a knife directly to my heart. I know what I need to do. I still care about Marduke because we’ve been through so much together, and I really did start to like him, more than any guy before. However, as he answers my questions honestly, even though he knows I don’t believe it and he could have easily said what I wanted to hear, I still know Logan and I have to go off alone now. 
I haven’t known Marduke for very long, yet I have gotten a sense of who he is. He’s loyal, brave, sweet and kind. Right now, among that, I add the words crazy and unpredictable. If we stay with him, what will I find out next? That he’s also scary, paranoid and abusive? Will he slip so far into his delusion that he starts seeing things? What if he sees me and thinks that I’m one of those machines? What if he perceives a hug from Logan is an attack?
I know straight away that I can’t risk our safety with him, but now he’s had to go and say that friends are meant to be there for one another. Marduke needs help—professional help by the sounds of it—but instead of trying, I’ve decided to abandon him. What type of person does that make me?
Logan’s hands tighten around my leg, a position that he hasn’t moved from since he told me he’s scared. I guess right now the type of person I am is a protector for this small, vulnerable child. I’m not his parent, but I’m all he has. I need to be an adult for him and make tough choices. Leaving Marduke isn’t a nice thing to do, or a humane thing to do, but it’s the smart choice for us in the long run.
“Thank you for being honest with me; I appreciate it,” I tell him, passing him the bag which now has most of the food and the handgun.
“You’re not going to leave me then?”
“I won’t ever forget you, Marduke. I don’t make connections easily. I’ve always been too focused on studying and basketball to make friends. Lisa and Hank are the only two friends I’ve made outside my team. You’re another person I can call a friend. And you’re right, friends are meant to be there for each other. I’m sorry that I can’t be there for you, though. I need to think of my future and Logan’s, and right now, our best shot is with Hank and Lisa, away from you.”
Marduke blanches at my words. “But my brother is out there. If he finds you, then I’m not sure I can save you. He’s too powerful and too strong.” He shakes his head, stepping towards me. 
I don’t get the chance to avoid his touch. Between the couch directly behind me, Logan wrapped around me on one side and Marduke blocking any exit I might have moving forward, I’m trapped when he places his hand over the side of my face, his touch warm and inviting. 
“Please, Mattie, stay with me.”
I almost lean into his touch, his voice sounding too familiar and safe, yet then I glance down at his injured arm, seeing the still healing cut. The realisation that he has done that to himself hits me again. It fuels my determination that I’m doing the right thing.
“Let go of me, Marduke,” I demand, sounding harsher than I feel.
“I will if you say you’ll stay.”
This isn’t going to go anywhere between us. Neither of us will back down. “Fine, but we try to find Hank and Lisa, not go deeper into the forest.”
He seems to realise that this is the best he’s going to get from me. He nods his head, finally taking the bag off my hands.
There is a new tension between us that hasn’t been there before. Since we’ve kissed, there has been a sort of tension, yet this feels different. We’re wary of each other now, and the silence doesn’t help.
We leave the shack, Logan wrapped in my arms. He’s not worn out yet; but I think, after hearing Marduke and me fighting, he needs the comfort.
We walk together for hours, staying in the forest but skirting along the edges, almost within view of the town we’re nearing. I’m hoping Hank and Lisa have kept moving this way. Staying close to houses is the best way to gather food and supplies, something Marduke hasn’t thought through when he’s suggested moving deeper into the forest.
For hours, we walk, only stopping once to eat and quench our thirst.
Logan gets grumpy and irritable in the afternoon, and I’m happy he wants to walk on his own for a while. I’m losing muscle mass from my lack of eating properly, but walking all day, every day carrying Logan is keeping me fit. At least for now. I’m sure my lack of a proper diet will soon start to affect me; it’ll affect all of us. We’ll become weaker and slower. We need to have a system worked out before then. We’ll need to have found a place to stay safe.
When nightfall hits, we find a grassy area to sleep on. Marduke doesn’t snore, so it’s hard to tell when he’s fallen asleep. In the end, I just quietly call out his name to see if he answers. When I try a little louder and still get no response, I know now is my only shot.
I gather Logan quietly and carefully in my arms, not wanting to wake him up, either. Then with the gym bag hugging my back and Logan hugging my front, I leave Marduke, disappearing into the darkness and losing him from view. I use the full moon to guide my way through the trees, sticking close to the edge of the forest so I can keep an eye out in case I see the others.
Guilt and nerves eat away at me, however I still keep placing one foot in front of the other. I’m doing the right thing for us, and once my grief and panic recedes, I’ll realise that. 
I have no reason to believe I am making a mistake. No clue that I am about to experience one of the worst days on Earth I’ve ever lived—a day that will set my future in motion and change my life forever.
Chapter 17
Mattie

Logan is disorientated and worried when he wakes up to find Marduke gone and that we are moving. I’ve assured him that Marduke has just left us to find more food and will be back. I’m a coward. Obviously, I couldn’t explain that he’s lost his mind and claimed to be an alien, but I could have told him something that didn’t get his hopes up. His earlier discomfort at our fighting has now been forgotten, though. 
Yesterday, he held onto me after the fight and refused to be out of my sight. He was wary of Marduke, and I thought that maybe that would be how he’d feel about him from now on. Instead, he woke up missing him and mentioning him every few minutes. 
“Where do you think M’dude is now?”
“When will M’Dude be back?”
“What type of food will M’Dude bring us?”
“I hope M’Dude doesn’t bring me more pink clothes.”
I smiled at that last one. 
I’m just glad he isn’t freaking out about Marduke leaving like he did yesterday morning. I’m sure him not waking up to a scary nightmare has helped.
I just wish I could be sure about how I feel about Marduke. Yesterday, I felt wary and anxious around him. I’ve hoped that as today wore on, I’d feel surer of my decision. Instead, I’m beginning to doubt that I’ve made the right choice.
My insistence to find Hank, Lisa and the girls feels right. I can’t leave them, and knowing we’re close and heading in the right direction is too tempting. Unless there is a machine directly in my path, then there is nothing that will stop me from staying on this track. Even if a machine does come up, I’ll just find a new way around it and keep going.
Lisa and Hank are my best friends. I’m completely unsure of my feelings towards Marduke, but I am sure about my feelings for them. I love them and they are all I have right now—I won’t give them up without a fight.
There is a nagging feeling scratching at the edge of my thoughts, however; piling guilt and unease into my mind, telling me I’ve done a shit thing.
I’ve left him behind without even a goodbye. I’ve even denied Logan having the chance to say goodbye, something he also never got to say to his dad. Not only that, I’ve left a friend who is clearly in need. What type of person does that? What type of person am I to do that?
I’ve already had these thoughts at the time I left, and somehow I have been able to justify them enough to go through with this, yet now I can’t remember those reasons that have seemed so logical to me earlier. Logan needed protecting, right? He needed me to do what is best for him.
Well, now we’re short a person, a set of arms to carry him and eyes keeping a look out for anything wrong. We’re down another companion to keep up the conversation, even if Marduke has been sort of crap at keeping it going, and Logan has no one to talk to when he gets sick of me. Already, he’s missing him, and it’s only the first day. 
I feel stuck now, just like I was earlier. I can admit I’ve made a mistake, go back and hope I can find him and beg him to forgive me for treating him so poorly and hope his mental breakdown isn’t as bad as I feared. Or I can keep moving forward, hoping to find Hank and Lisa, and maybe after I find them, I can go searching for Marduke.
I’ve lost so many people because of this invasion, but this is the first person I’ve lost when it is my own doing. This is the first person I’ve left behind.
My heart feels heavy in my chest and it doesn’t let up, not even once. I walk for hours, past the point where my feet ache, past my blisters getting blisters and hours past Logan’s whining of being bored and tired. I eventually tune out his complaints, not able to concentrate on them when I need everything just to remember how to walk and stay upright. I’ve walked all through the night without a break, all through the today, and now night is falling again.
When I have to sit because I can’t walk any longer, Logan and I nearly finish the rest of our food while I look out at the open fields ahead of me. We’re still walking under the cover of the forest, but we’ve stuck close to the edge so we can see what is around us.
I haven’t seen any machines nearby, and even though I know Marduke is crazy, I still feel on edge from his warning.
A few bugs scatter around us, unsettled, quickly burying themselves deep into the ground. I’m too tired to feel fussed by them, instead taking comfort in something normal. 
There still hasn’t been any sign or any animals in the forest. At first there were birds squawking and flying above us, but it’s been eerily silent; no birds, mammals, nothing except the odd, small bug. It’s unnatural that so many animals have fled or been taken away. Another thing to feel angry over. Not only are people being killed, our planet invaded and homes destroyed, they’re also scaring our animals and possibly killing or taking them. Nothing is being left unscathed.
I sleep restlessly and continually wake up throughout the night.
Even given my exhaustion, at first light, I wake Logan up and begin our new trek for the day. I have no choice other than to either find Hank and Lisa today or a new place to get some food and water.
No pressure, though.

***

After several hours of more walking, luck finally comes my way. In the distance, I see two adults walking while carrying two young girls.
I know it’s them, I know it with all my heart and soul. And for the first time since this invasion, I run without being chased.
New energy spikes up inside me. When I’m close enough, I scream out their name. I’m holding Logan and he’s on the bumpiest ride of his life, however he doesn’t appear to care. I feel his excitement building, too. When I see them also running towards us, he struggles in my arms until I put him down.
I overtake him then, knowing he won’t find any trouble for the few seconds I can’t see him.
I reach Lisa first, crying with her as we hug each other tightly. Hank wraps his arms around us both, and for long minutes, we’re all just crying and laughing. I hear Logan and the girls catching up, giggling and talking loudly as well. 
“We’ve been so worried about you! Are you okay?” Lisa pulls away, scrutinizing me from head to toe carefully.
“You look like shit,” Hank says bluntly, earning a slap on the arm from Lisa.
“I feel like shit. I’m so tired,” I explain, wrapping my arm around Lisa’s shoulder and using her for support. “I saw you guys a couple days ago, chased you into the vineyards when I saw those machines hunting you. I was about to take them out when they started that fire.”
“Shit, you were in that? I had no idea. I’m so sorry, Mattie.” Hank pulls me into his side, hugging me so that I have one of them on each side of me now. 
“It’s okay. I was worried you didn’t get out. I nearly didn’t.” Another stab of guilt hits me.
“That’s awful. Was Logan there, too?” Lisa looks over at the kids, still talking loudly while telling stories of what has happened during their time apart. Logan is telling them the tale of learning to swim even though there were “crockadoodles” and fish as big as a TV in the water.
“No, he was with Marduke.” I swallow heavily saying his name. I know they’re going to ask me about him, and I’m going to have to admit to being an awful person.
“Where is Marduke?” Lisa asks carefully, hesitant and worried. I know she fears he’s been killed by the machines.
“I… I left him behind,” I whisper, grateful for my hoarse voice when I realise how close Logan is. He still doesn’t know Marduke isn’t coming back.
“You what?” Hank asks in shock, earning him another slap in the arm.
“Let her explain.”
“He… he saved my life. He pulled me out of the fire and even risked his life to find us food and water.”
“Why did you leave him then?” Lisa asks carefully, no accusation in her voice.
“He started to go crazy. He started saying things, like his brother was after him and…” For some reason, I can’t bring myself to tell them that he thought he was an alien. “And he said his brother wanted to harm us. He went strange, and I worried that he might hurt us. I wanted to keep searching for you, but he wanted to go deeper into the forest. I thought it was best that we went our separate ways.”
“That sounds scary; I think you did the right thing.” Lisa rubs my back, offering me comfort.
“But he saved my life, and he deserved better. I shouldn’t have left him, not when he needed us the most. He was going crazy, and I just left him to die alone.” I burst into fresh tears and this time Lisa wraps me up in a hug, squeezing me tightly.
“It’s okay. You did the right thing, and you found us. We’re together now and nothing will change that. If you want, we can try to find him, we can go back for him,” Lisa offers, strangely being the put-together friend while I break down. 
Hank clears his throat. “Well, if Marduke was losing his mind, I don’t think we should risk—”
“If Mattie wants to go back, we’ll go back,” Lisa snaps at him.
“Hanky, I’m hungry.” One of the girls moves over to Hank’s side, pulling down on his arm.
“Hanky?” I ask, sniffling while I pull away and wipe my eyes dry.
“Don’t even think about it.” Hank glares at me and Lisa, but when he stares down at the small girl, his eyes soften. “I know, sweetie, and we’ll eat soon, I promise. How about you show Logan the new game we made up, and afterwards, we’ll have a break and eat?”
The small girl agrees. Hank carries her over to the others and they keep moving forward.
“Hank’s been casing out what’s ahead. He barely sleeps. During the night, he walks to make sure nothing dangerous lies ahead, and then he comes back and walks us there, too. He’s been… he’s amazing, Mattie. Like seriously, I think I want to marry him and have ten kids,” Lisa says with a completely straight face.
“You’re kidding right, ten kids?”
“Okay, maybe not ten, or any given the state of the world, but you know what I mean. He’s so good with the girls and my heart just melts whenever I see him with them. Look at him, isn’t he adorable right now?” She points at Hank and I watch as he holds one of the girls upside down, all three kids laughing. I stare at Logan, loving the smile on his face.
“I heard laughing when we got to that field before I realised the machines were there.” I recall the laughter of one of the girls.
“He’s been trying to put them at ease. They absolutely love him. They sleep on each side of him. I haven’t had a single second alone with him.”
“I’m not really sure this is the time for that type of thing,” I comment, my mind instantly replaying that intense kiss Marduke and I shared.
“Are you kidding me? Not only is it the end of the world, not only have I had feelings for him since last year, not only am I horny, but I also have to see him being this amazing father figure to those girls, seeing him protecting and providing for us, and I have to stay away from him?”
“Well, okay, how about once the girls are asleep?” I ask, pulling a face at the fact that I’m discussing their sex life, even if it’s their lack of one. I still think of them both as my family, so thinking of them having sex isn’t something I’m overly keen to do.
“They grip onto him like their hands are mini vices. I’ve actually tried to pry them off, and I can’t move them at all.”
“I guess, now I’m here, maybe I can give you guys some time alone?” I offer, hoping I’ll be exhausted enough that no noises will make it to my ears. That’s the last thing I want.
“Yes!” Lisa yells, briefly gaining the attention of Hank and the kids before they go back to the game they’re playing. Right now he has Logan hanging upside-down while the girls dance around them. We’re behind them, moving slowly to keep our distance from them so we can speak privately—well, except when Lisa decides to yell.
“Okay then.” I laugh a little at her enthusiasm. 
“How about you, did you manage to get any alone time with Marduke?” She raises her eyebrow suggestively and winks.
I shake my head, not wanting to tell her about the kiss we shared. She’ll just read into it, and I’m already confused and guilt-ridden enough, I don’t need any more contradicting thoughts entering my mind. 
Lisa drops it, perhaps sensing that Marduke is now a sensitive subject. Instead, we talk about what has happened to us over the past few days we’ve spent apart. I leave out Logan’s imaginary fish as big as TVs and crockadoodles, though. 
Lisa speaks of the near miss they had a few days ago, how scared she was, and that other than the ones at the winery, they’ve not had any interaction with the machines. Same as us. Even though I’m still terrified of them, I do begin to feel a little safer. Not only do we have safety in more numbers now, they also haven’t made an appearance in a few days. Maybe they’re starting to retreat, or maybe they’re terrorizing new humans? It’s not the nicest thoughts to hope for, but if it means we get a break, then I’ll take it.
When we find the house that Hank has found earlier, I’m relieved to see it’s mostly hidden from view. Large trees shade the roof and sides, and I’d imagine if you were to fly overhead of this area, this house wouldn’t be visible.
Hank checks out the inside, breaking a window to get inside. It’s amazing just how many people have disappeared from their homes. Other than finding Logan and the girls, we’ve never entered a house where people are living or even hiding. Are there no more people like us out there, wandering around, searching for food, water and shelter?
In the new home, we find a large, rainwater tank outside. I fill up our empty water bottles and then drink enough until I get a stomach-ache. We feast on more canned food and share a block of chocolate. I am pretty sure Lisa sheds a few tears when she has found it hiding in a drawer. 
There are no roads leading to this house, though there is a worn trail that shows where a car would come here. There is no such vehicle here now, however, so we’re still stuck walking.
I fill up the basin in the bathroom with water from the tank outside and give myself as good of a wash as I can manage. It’s not helped by the fact that I’m still wearing Marduke’s bulletproof vest, which I can’t get off. I feel around the entire thing, finding no indentation of a seam or split for where the material would come apart. I’m torn between being really annoyed that I can’t get it off and guilty that I’ve taken it from him. It was another way he was trying to protect me, and I’ve now taken it from him.
I lean down and wash my face, washing away the stray tears that fall. I’ve never felt like a horrible person before. I’ve always been nice to people. Even on the court when I’ve been frustrated or had a conflict with another player—usually on the other team—at the end, I consider all forgiven. I shake every hand. I’ve never had a fight, I don’t bitch about other people, and when I commit to something, I give a hundred percent. I’ve never thought about someone not liking me, someone being angry at me. Obviously, Hannah doesn’t count because she’s my sister and siblings are programmed to fight, and on occasion, hate each other.
To have someone not like me, though? To know that Marduke might even hate me right now? Yeah, that is eating a hole right through my stomach. Yet, I deserve his anger and hate, so I can’t really do or say anything to make myself feel better.
The house is small; only two bedrooms, which both have double-sized beds inside. There is one bathroom, a small kitchenette and a lounge with a view of the field outside. A fireplace sits in the corner, and I imagine the couple who appear in most of the photos hanging about the house often would sit here, cuddled up on the large couch as they watched the sun setting together.
The sleeping arrangements are rather easy given the conversation Lisa and I’ve had earlier. After Hank helps to wash Logan and finds some kids clothes that he and Lisa have stolen earlier for the girls—which aren’t in the colour pink—and Lisa sorts out the girls, we manage to talk them into a sort of slumber party.
The three of them climb into the bed where Lisa tells them a story about a princess. It sounds an awful lot like the animated movie Anastasia to me, but I don’t interrupt. Logan scrunches up his face a lot through the story, yet he doesn’t complain aloud. Afterward, I stay in the room and watch them all succumb to sleep.
The darkness sets in quickly, and with no working electricity, I rely on my hands to lead me back out into the lounge area. I leave the curtains open, letting the stars and moon light up the room so I don’t walk into anything.
Lisa and Hank take the bedroom, and even though I couldn’t actually see them, I’m pretty sure they were undressing each other on their way to the room. Since I really don’t want to know, I stop my thoughts from going any further. Then, when I hear a grunt, I hold a cushion over my head and hum random tunes.
Luckily I’m beyond tired, so I don’t have to ignore any strange noises for long before I pass out.

***

“Mattie, wake up!” someone yells into my ear, jolting me awake. Something is leaning heavily on my chest and I glance downwards, trying to force my eyes to stay open.
Logan is sleeping on me. He must have come out here in the middle of the night and climbed on top of me.
“Mattie, we have to go!” Marduke is next to me, his face visible from a bright light shining outside. The light feels unnatural and too bright. It blinds me when I glance outside.
“What’s happening?” I ask, sitting up with Logan. 
All of a sudden, the fact that Marduke is here hits me, and I lean forward, wrapping my free arm around him and pulling him close to me. “I’m so sorry I left you. It was a huge mistake. I hated myself for it and—”
“Mattie, we don’t have time. My brother is here and so are the hinemas. We need to leave.” Marduke stands, grabbing Logan off my lap and holding him close.
“What is here?” I ask, just that second hearing the now familiar creak of the machines’ metal. I turn cold in fear and jump to my feet.
“We need to get out of here before they destroy this house,” he whispers, grabbing the bag I’ve brought that is on the ground by my feet.
“I need to warn the others. Get Logan outside to safety; I’ll be right behind you.” I push Marduke down the hallway and towards the backdoor.
“No, I won’t leave without you.”
“And I won’t leave without them. Move.” I shove them towards the door and then find the door handle to the bedroom Hank and Lisa are in. I have a feeling they won’t be ready for a quick escape, but in the darkness, I won’t see anything. Besides, right now, we can worry about clothes later.
“Guys, we need to move. The machines are here!” I yell, barging into the room. 
“What?” Lisa cries and heavy footsteps on the floor tell me Hank has just jumped out of bed.
I don’t stay to explain, I just cross the hallway, glancing down it briefly to notice Marduke and Logan are gone, before opening the door to the two small girls.
“Time to move, girls. Up!” I call out, finding their tiny arms in the dark and pulling on them.
They cry from the shock of being woken up, and most likely, from the uncomfortable way I’m dragging them out of bed.
I don’t have time to be gentle, though.
I meet Lisa and Hank at the door and they each take a child. 
“Take it.” Hank passes me a gun and the grenade we haven’t used. I’ve completely forgotten we have this. “Where is Logan?”
“He’s safe,” I huff as we all run out the backdoor, and that is when we’re halted by three machines huddled outside of our exit. As we turn around to run back inside, a new figure blocks our way.
The bright light outside makes it easy to see him—tall, dark skinned, short black hair, dull green eyes and built like a freight train. He’s almost double the size of Marduke, and my heart sinks realising the family resemblance. If that isn’t evidence enough that this is Marduke’s brother, then the fact that he is wearing the exact same bulletproof vest as I am right now seals it.
Marduke hasn’t been lying about his brother being here, and as far as I can see, he appears to be here with the machines. He’s not running, and he doesn’t look scared. In fact, his smile makes him look wild given the situation surrounding us.
He’s not afraid of the machines.
Could Marduke have been telling me the truth about everything? Is he seriously an alien?
More importantly, how the hell do we get out of this now?
Chapter 18
Marduke

I get Logan into the forest, making sure he’s in deep enough that he’ll be well hidden. When I place him down, he wraps his arms around my neck in a grip that is surprisingly strong.
“Don’t leave me, M’Dude,” he begs, his voice cracking as tears flood his eyes and cover his face. Seeing him so scared and hearing him beg me to stay causes me to feel actual physical pain for him.
“I need to go and get Mattie, but I promise we’ll both be right back.”
He shakes his head in disagreement, and when I manage to pull his arms away from my neck, he grips hold of my legs. 
“No!” he screams out, loud enough that I’m sure we must have been heard.
“Please, I need you to let go of me. If you don’t, then I can’t leave, and you’ll never see Mattie again,” I threaten, feeling like that is probably the worst thing to say to him except it gets me the results I need because he lets go of my leg. He then curls up in a small ball, reminding me just how tiny he is, and howls; his voice only slightly muffled from his tightly wound body.
I know I should reassure him that everything will be okay, wait for him to calm down before I leave. Mattie still isn’t here, though; which means she’s in trouble, so I turn my back on him and run.
I near the house quickly, my eyes hurting briefly from the overly bright light shining from the hinemas. There are three of them, and they’re all circling around Ival. My heart pounds loudly in my chest when I realise in front of Ival is Mattie, Hank, Lisa and the two small girls.
I move as close to the situation as I can without alerting them to my position. I listen to what is being said and try to think up a plan of how to get us all out of this.
“I’m looking for someone,” Ival states, his eyes assessing each of them slowly.
“Look, man, we need to get out of here; these things are dangerous!” Hank hisses, his arm holding the girl in his arms tighter to his chest. Next to him, Lisa is silently crying, but I’m more interested in Mattie.
She looks scared and frightened for sure, but she also looks curious. She’s staring at Ival, really taking in his entire appearance. Something stirs inside me watching her do that, something I don’t like.
“I’m looking for my brother, Marduke. Have you seen him? I was told he is traveling with a female and child.” He looks at Lisa and the girl in her arms and a big part of me hopes that he thinks it’s her and not Mattie.
“Marduke?” Hank questions, obviously realising that there aren’t many people with that name in the world. “He—”
“It’s just us, no one else. You can search the house if you want,” Mattie interrupts Hank, unfortunately bringing Ival’s attention to her.
I glance around me for any weapons, however there is nothing I can use. I notice the gun tucked along Mattie’s side and she has something clutched in her hand, but I can’t see what it is from this angle.
“I was told he was in this area, and so far you’re the only humans we’ve found here.”
“What do you mean, humans? You’re human!” Hank snaps at him, taking a step towards him in anger. I stand up, readying to intervene just as Mattie grabs hold of his arm and hauls him back.
“Interesting.” Ival stares at Mattie for a long time, and again, I feel uncomfortable. There is no reason for him to know who she is, therefore no reason for him to be looking at her like she is interesting. 
“Please, put the child down,” Ival demands, grabbing hold of a monit from his side pocket. 
“No,” Hank growls.
“Do as I say, or I kill the female.” He waves the monit at Lisa as I have seen humans waving guns. 
The monit isn’t a gun or any type of weapon; it’s a link to our spaceships and acts much like a control to a TV. It has symbols that act as buttons, so that when they’re pressed, they cause something to happen. The twist is that it only works for our people—our DNA activates it. To anyone else here, it’ll just look like a plain rectangular piece of metal. Sort of like some of the cell phones I’ve seen humans carrying. The buttons only come alight when touched by our people.
“What is that?” Hank growls. Mattie grunts out loud, no doubt from the strength she’s using to hold him back.
“Here, I’ll show you.” He smiles at Hank and then his back turns to me so that I no longer see his face. I can’t see what he’s doing, but the bright red light that reflects on Lisa’s face lets me know what he’s just done. Also, the scream Lisa lets out and the string of swear words and threats that Hank makes is a big clue.
He’s used the monit to transport the young girl in Lisa’s arms to a spaceship above.
“Give her back!” Lisa demands, her voice shaking with fear.
I need to do something. I need to stop Ival from destroying these people’s lives—well, any more than he already has.
“Give the child to this hysterical female, now,” Ival demands. His demand has changed from wanting Hank to just put the girl down. I’m not sure if it’s because he thinks Hank will be more agreeable to letting the girl go if she’s in someone else’s arms, or if he’s decided that Lisa and the only child left are the ones I have been traveling with.
“I will kill you, whoever the fuck you are, if you lay a single finger on them...” Hank threatens, handing over the girl to Lisa. She only has her for a few moments before Ival points the monit at them again, and this time they both disappear.
“What the hell? Where are they?” Hank demands, promptly jumping out of Mattie’s grip and lunging at Ival. He gets one good hit in, a punch to the side of his face, before Ival knocks him to the ground, kicks him hard in the side and points the monit at him, too. 
This time, it’s a black light that overtakes him. This just means that Ival sent Hank to a different spaceship than what Lisa and the girls are on. It also means that there is only Mattie left. 
I’m unsure if I should try to rescue her. I’m no match for Ival, let alone three of the hinemas as well. If he doesn’t believe her to be with me, then he might just place her on a spaceship, too. It means that, if I can get off this planet, I can find her. She’s safer off this planet than on it at this point.
I stay in my hiding place, waiting to see Ival send her away except he doesn’t. Instead, he circles her, almost looking predatory. 
“Now, as I was asking you before, where is Marduke?”
“I told you, I don’t know anyone by that name.” Her voice shakes.
“I know you’re lying. It’s one thing that interests me about your species. The lies you all tell each other.”
“I’m not—”
“If you do not know my brother, then why are you wearing his argu?”
“His what?” Mattie asks while my heart races, and I begin to sweat. How could he know she’s wearing it? Her sweater is covering it.
“The vest. I noticed it when you grabbed hold of your human. The last I saw of it, Marduke was wearing it, so why is it now on you?”
“I found this on a dead guy. Figured he didn’t need it anymore.” She shrugs, still trying to protect me, but getting herself in deeper.
I want to jump out and alert Ival that I’m here. I want to divert his attention away from Mattie, but then I know I’ll be signing my own death and Mattie will most likely die, too; just out of spite. Where will that leave Logan?
“Only Marduke could have removed it. Your human hands can’t take it off him or seal it on yourself. Why did he give it to you?” He stares at her curiously.
“It’s just a bulletproof vest.” She raises an eyebrow, looking at him like she thinks he’s crazy. Much how she was looking at me just two days ago.
“It’s much more than that. Allow me to demonstrate.” He turns around, standing before one of the hinema, and his voice doesn’t carry over to my ears. I know he’s not speaking English, but my home language. An uneasy feeling settles inside me, not liking this one bit.
Ival moves out of the way, and the hinema that he’s stood in front of suddenly and completely unexpectedly fires several rounds at Mattie.
They hit her directly in the chest and she falls over from the impact, crying out in shock.
Deep down I know she’s not hurt. I know the argu would have protected her, yet I can’t help it. I jump up from my hiding place and rush over to her, not caring that I’ve just exposed myself to Ival.
“Mattie, are you okay?” I ask, holding onto her face gently and leaning over her, staring into her eyes. Sometimes I think, if I look hard enough, I’ll be able to see her thoughts. Instead, I’m often left with more questions than answers.
“I’ve been shot!” Mattie gasps, shock and fear lacing her voice.
“You’re okay. It didn’t hurt you,” I promise, helping her to sit up. She fingers the holes in her sweater, and then lifts it up to reveal the untouched vest.
“How…?” she stammers, beginning to ask me a question before an arm links around my throat, and I’m pulled backwards. “No!” she cries out, sounding breathless.
“Nice of you to join us, brother,” Ival snaps, his arm tightening around my neck, making it impossible for me to breathe. “I thought as soon as I found you, I’d kill you, but now I have to ask, who is this human to you? Why did you give away your argu to her?” He loosens his grip a tiny amount, enough for me to wheeze as I try to breathe.
“She’s no one, just an innocent. Please… let her go,” I beg in my own language, my vision blurring as he tightens his grip again. 
A loud bang rings out, loud enough to hurt my ears and cause a ringing sound to echo deep into my eardrum.
“Let him go or the next shot I aim is at your head.” Mattie is holding the gun at us, her arm shaking. If she were to try to shoot Ival, there is easily a good chance she’ll miss and hit me instead.
“Feisty one, isn’t she?” Ival whispers to me. “Is that why you like her?”
“Now!” Mattie shoots again. This time, I swear I feel the breeze from the bullet flying through the air.
“I have three hinemas in my command, and with one word, they’ll crush you,” Ival threatens her, however his grip around me loosens until I fall at his feet.
“I know that. It’s why I have a backup plan. Marduke, remember what happened when Hank destroyed that machine after our first night together?” 
She doesn’t wait for me to nod my head or acknowledge that I know what she is referring to because, when I glance back at her other hand, the one not attached to the gun, I realise she has the other grenade and her thumb has already pulled out the pin. 
She throws it so it lands close to the hinemas and then she runs. From my angle on the ground, I quickly elbow Ival hard in his thigh, momentarily shocking him as I take off, too.
We only run for a few seconds and in those seconds Mattie is shot at again, thankfully only two bullets make impact and both are in her back where my argu is protecting her. Then the explosion sounds behind us. 
We’re not far enough away to avoid the blast, though. Unbearable heat and a strong invisible wave hit us from behind. We both fall down and I crawl forward, covering Mattie’s body as pieces of hinema and house go flying through the air. One large wooden chunk lands directly to our side, only inches away from crushing us both. I don’t move, giving myself a moment to catch my breath and hope the ringing in my ears goes away.
Mattie thrashes under me until I lift myself up enough that she turns around, now facing me. Her eyes have tears in them and her body is shaking. 
“Are you okay?” she screams the words, veins in her throat popping out from the effort, but it only sounds like a distant whisper to me.
I nod, looking her over to see if there are any injuries. The light changes as the unnatural bright light dies with the hinemas, but the fire from the house gives me the chance to still be able to see her.
Her arms moves up, unpinning themselves from me, and she wraps her arms around my neck, pulling me forward against her. I hold her to me, letting her cry into my chest, and then I roll over so she moves on top of me. Sitting up, I bring her with me and shift her in my lap while I assess the damage behind us. Flames are licking the house, easily getting further out of control. All three hinemas are in states of pieces, and in the middle, there is an either unconscious or dead Ival.
I’m not sure what I feel about seeing him like that. Yes, I’m angry at him. I’d probably even have killed him with my bare hands if he’d laid a hand on Mattie or Logan. I have been preparing myself for the only way to get him off my back, knowing it is to have him dead. He was going to kill me, so it makes zero sense that I feel loss seeing him there. Even if he’s only unconscious, he’ll still be killed by the fire once it reaches him.
Mattie pulls back in my arms, her hair a mess, her eyes red and puffy from crying, sweat glistening her skin even as goose bumps appear, telling me she’s going into shock. Given all of this, there is something about her that makes my heart swell, that makes her look beautiful in my eyes. My arms lock around her, needing to protect and keep her safe.
“Logan?” she yells his name, her voice beginning to sound a little clearer as the ringing becomes more of a background noise now.
“In the forest. We should find him.” I recall the distress he’d been under when I left him. 
I stand up, bringing Mattie up with me. I debate carrying her in my arms, but she takes my hand instead and nods her head for me to lead the way.
I don’t give a backwards glance at Ival. I don’t look to see if his body is now burning.
Perhaps if I had looked back, I’d have seen that he used the monit on himself to get away safely.
Chapter 19
Marduke

Light from the fire is still visible when we reach Logan. I find he hasn’t moved an inch from where I’ve left him. He’s still tightly wound into a ball and is shaking. At first, I think it’s a good thing and tell him so when we reach him. I say that he did a good job and pat him on the back. He doesn’t react, though. He doesn’t even react to Mattie. He stays holding himself and looking dazed and unfocused.
I find this new Logan curious, yet Mattie appears completely freaked out.
“What’s happened to him?” she yells. I finally start to hear her properly to know for sure she is yelling, although I think this time her yelling has been done intentionally and not just to be heard over the ringing.
I shrug my shoulders at her. “I don’t know. When I left him, he just balled himself up like this.”
She frowns, but I think it’s at the situation and not me. Her eyes look distant for a moment.
“Okay, let’s just get out of here and deal with this later,” she eventually says, grabbing hold of Logan’s arms and pulling him upwards until he’s wrapped in her arms against her chest. “He’s shaking,” she tells me, moving him back onto the ground and taking off her sweater. Underneath, she’s only wearing a t-shirt, so the argu is visible when she moves her arms. 
I curse myself for giving it to her. I thought it’d protect her, and instead, it’s just put an even bigger target on her head. I should have known that Ival would find it on her and read into her having it. He’ll see the gesture as being huge because it’s law that we never take it off during a mission. The fact that I’ve taken it off not only during a mission, but when Ival is trying to kill me, will be very interesting to him. Add in that I then gave it to Mattie—a human—that speaks a lot towards how I feel about her. She’s important to me, and now I’ve just put a giant target on her back.
Except maybe I haven’t. The one person who’ll want her dead is possibly dead himself, or at least, on his way to death. We’ll have time now to rest, and hopefully, we can be left alone for a while. I think we could all use the break.
I watch Mattie wrapping Logan up in her sweater, which is more like a strange full length dress on him, and then she picks him up, whispering something in his ear. I think she’s telling him that everything will be okay and that he’s safe.
Given everything that’s just happened in the past hour, I’m waiting for her to tell me to leave. I’m expecting her to tell me that I’m the reason for all of her hurt and loss, and that she hates me. So I’m surprised when she settles Logan against her chest and gives me a small smile.
“I suppose I’ll let you lead the way.”
“Lead the way where?”
“Wherever you think we’ll be safest.”
“You trust me?” I don’t want to remind her that she doesn’t trust me, however she sounds sincere and also exhausted. Maybe she’s too tired to remember that she hates me?
“Yes. I think we should get as far away from here as possible. We’ll go to the middle of the forest or wherever you think we should go.” She now sounds defeated.
“I think we’ll have to stay closer to the edge so we can still see where we’re going. In the morning, we can move deeper into the forest,” I suggest, watching her carefully.
“Okay.” She then walks forward with Logan, moving along the forest, not deeper into it. 
We’re silent for a long time as I wonder what she’s thinking or where her mood is. I’m waiting for her to turn on me, waiting for her to start yelling and accusing me of ruining her life, spoiling everything. It has to be several hours before she does open her mouth, but it isn’t to yell or accuse.
“What did your brother do to Lisa, Hank and the girls? Are they dead?” She sounds dazed, perhaps still in shock over what she’s just seen and has had happen in front of her.
“No, he just transported them to our spaceships.”
“Why would he do that?”
“We’re not here to kill everyone. In fact, as far as I was aware, we weren’t here to kill anyone. They can’t leave anyone on Earth while we take it over, though. They’ll be transporting humans onto the spaceships and taking them to Oden.”
“Oden is your home planet?”
“Yes.”
She appears to take that in, her disbelief and frustration colliding in her expression. “Why exactly are you here?”
“We’re here because Earth has many resources that—”
“No, I mean, you being here with me right now? Is it really just because we saved your life back in Vancouver? Do you feel like you owe me? Because you’ve already saved my life, too. I’d say we’re definitely even now.”
I wonder over her words. Is this her way of wanting me to leave her alone again?
“I don’t agree with what we’re doing to humans, and I know I’ve failed to put a stop to this. It’s too late to save Earth, but I hoped it wouldn’t be too late to save you.”
“Why me?”
I don’t know how to answer that because I don’t know what that answer is, but for her, I’ll try. 
“I felt an attraction to you immediately. One I haven’t felt for any other human or person back on Oden. I don’t understand what it means. At first, I thought I had caught a virus perhaps, but I think it’s just what you humans call love.”
“You love me?” Mattie gapes.
“Have I used that word wrong?”
“You can’t fall in love with someone in such a short amount of time—well, I mean, they say there is love at first sight, but that is crap. You have to know someone to fall in love with them. We don’t know each other. I only just found out yesterday that you’re not even human!” Mattie rambles, her voice pitching loudly. I get the feeling she’s more talking to herself than me.
“Perhaps I am saying it wrong. We don’t have love on Oden, not really. We aren’t ruled by our emotions, but rather our duties and rules. We live respectfully and do what is expected of us. Love and other emotions are of no use to us.”
Mattie frowns at me. “You don’t love anyone?”
“I care for my people, my family and our future. I don’t want to hurt them, but I also don’t want to hurt you or Logan. Before you, if Ival hadn’t been trying to murder me, I would have served my family and never stepped out of line. I would have done anything that was in my people’s best interest. Now, I can’t see past you. I want you safe and protected and the thought of giving you up or watching you die feels like agony to me. I don’t know why, but I can’t even think about the possibility without hurting. I just…” I trail off, not knowing how to explain myself.
“So you’re saying that, if you hadn’t met me, and if Ival hadn’t been trying to kill you, you’d have been okay with all of this death?” she growls, and I know I’ve angered her.
“I don’t know. I didn’t start seeing humans as being compassionate until I met you. You added light where before there was none. I started seeing kindness and love in humans. I realised you—they—didn’t deserve this. I wanted to put a stop to it, but it was too late. Ival had moved up the invasion by six months, and I didn’t get a chance to send out word that this was wrong.”
“But you only met me in Vancouver with Hank?”
“No, I met you in a park while you were running.”
She thinks for a moment and then gasps. “That was you?”
“Yes. I watched you almost every day after that. I couldn’t stop thinking about you, and that is when I started seeing mothers playing with their children. Seeing elderly couples lovingly hold hands. Strangers helping other humans. You were all helping to kill the planet, but I knew you could be taught to take better care of Earth. I knew we could help you save it rather than take it away.”
She’s silent for a while after that, and I’m afraid that I’ve said it all wrong. Then she finally speaks, and it isn’t with anger.
“What is Oden like?”
With both hands, I latch onto the new topic, away from the invasion and my feelings. 
“It’s not as big as Earth, or as beautiful. Our sun is distant, and therefore, our planet runs cold most of the time. Our nights are longer and days shorter. The atmosphere is the same; we breathe oxygen just like you.”
“Why do we look so similar? You look human.”
“I don’t know. Maybe we were all the same once upon a time then we split off, and that time was lost in our histories? Or maybe we’ve just evolved in a similar way? We’ve never come across something like this.”
“So if Hank, Lisa and the girls are alive, then my family might be alive, too?” she asks hopefully.
“They might be. I can’t be sure, though. There wasn’t meant to be killing, but your people know how to fight. Originally, we were going to have hinemas invade every continent at once. It should have been over in hours, but whatever reason Ival gave to speed the invasion meant we weren’t ready. There weren’t as many hinemas as there should have been. It gave some people time to prepare, time to fight, and it meant that the hinemas attacked, too. Australia was taken early, which means your family wouldn’t have been likely fighting them, and therefore, I think there is a good chance they would have been taken to Oden.”
“So, if I get taken, too, then I might be able to find them on Oden?”
“Yes, if they’re alive, I’d make sure you found them.”
She’s silent longer now, and I wish I could know what she’s thinking.
“I want to see my family more than I’ve wanted anything else before, but I don’t want to give up Earth. It feels wrong to surrender,” she admits.
“At this point, it’s safer on Oden for you than here.”
“Would I see you on Oden? Or would they have us separated, like in prisoner camps?”
“I’m not sure what they’ll do on Oden with you. To be honest, I’m not sure how they expected to fit you all on our planet. I wouldn’t easily be able to see you, though.”
“Why?”
“Because, on my planet, my father is our leader, and one day he expects me to take over. It’s why Ival wants to kill me. My father was going to pass over him and choose me. As future leader, I won’t be able to be seen with any humans.”
“So I’d never see you again?”
I’m heartened by her distress over that, even if I feel that same sadness. “I doubt it.”
“As future leader, can you right this? Can you give us back our planet?”
I hesitate. Technically, I could, but it would be a huge deal, one that would cause my family a lot of problems.
“My family is in charge and has been for many generations because we’re known for our ruthlessness. Gaining Earth as a planet for us is an enormous deal. It’ll put my father on a short list of greats. He’ll be remembered forever. If I was to give back Earth, I’d undo that. It’ll make us seem weak, it’ll put doubt in our people’s minds.”
“So you won’t change it?”
“I don’t know, Mattie. Even if I could, I won’t be leader for many years. My father will have to train me properly for leadership. I’ll need experience working directly under him. So not only will it mean years of training, I’ll also still be carefully watched after I take over. My decisions won’t be final until my father is dead. He would still be able to overrule me. There are twelve families that are able to be leaders. We were elected to lead, and since then, no one has had a problem with us. We bring our people planets, we keep peace, and we provide everything that our people need. Something like giving Earth away would put that all into serious doubt. We’d lose leadership for sure.”
Mattie stops walking. I take several steps before I realise she’s no longer next to me.
“Mattie?”
“You would do the wrong thing just because it’s easier?” She sounds disappointed, and for some reason, that makes me angry at myself.
“I’m just saying that it’s not as simple as you’re saying.”
“If you’re not going to do the right thing, then I definitely don’t want to leave Earth. I want to stay here for as long as I can.”
“They’ll find you eventually.”
“Then I’ll die here. This is my home, and I refuse to give it up,” she says stubbornly.
We walk in silence after that. I don’t know what to say, and again, my fear rises inside me that she’s going to leave me again.
“Do you hate me?” I finally ask, desperate to know even if it kills me.
She doesn’t answer me for a long time, and every second that passes tests my restraint to not just shake the answer out of her.
“I’m disappointed with your answer about giving Earth back, and I want to be angry at you. I want to hate you. I want to wait for you to sleep and take off again. I want to be nowhere near you.”
My heart falters, and I’m the one to stop moving this time. She takes several steps and then turns around to face me.
“I feel disloyal for caring about you. You’re my enemy. You’re part of an alien race that has destroyed everything. But I don’t hate you. I have seen you care for Logan, had you save my life countless times, and you let me wear this stupid vest. It saved my life while exposing you to more danger. You gave up this for me. I think you’ve been protecting me right from the start. I don’t understand why you care, but I can’t stop myself caring for you, either.”
I take a deep breath, trying to understand what she is attempting to say to me.
“You make me want to be better. You make me nervous and feel unworthy. Being near you, I want to protect you. I want you to be safe and I hate that I’ve upset you. I want to try and save Earth, not because it’s the right thing to do for your people, but because it would make you happy. I want you to be happy, even if my feelings for you would have me killed back on Oden.”
Tears fall down her face with my words. “You know caring about someone isn’t a weakness?”
“To my father it is.”
“Doesn’t he care about your mother? About you?”
“No. He cares about our planets, about our people, and about acquiring new planets that we can take resources from and further our own technology. Earth is the discovery of a lifetime. There is so much to learn from you, we’ll probably never stop finding something new.”
She blanches at my words.
“I’m tired. Do you think we could rest for a little while?” she asks, changing the subject.
“I can carry him if you’d like?” I offer.
“I haven’t slept much in a long time, since before I left you really. Can we just lie down for a little while?”
“Of course,” I agree, finding an open, grassy area for her and Logan to lie on.
I watch them settle down and sit at Mattie’s feet, leaning against a tree and watching them.
“Aren’t you going to rest, too?”
“I’m afraid that, if I sleep, I’ll wake up and you will be gone again,” I admit, a panic slowly simmering inside me at the thought of sleeping.
“I’m sorry for that, Marduke. It was wrong of me. I regretted leaving you. We were going to go back to find you; when we woke up, that was our plan.”
I feel touched that they planned on looking for me. When I woke up to find Mattie and Logan gone, I never felt angry or hurt. I just worried that they wouldn’t be safe. I knew Ival was looking for them and hated thinking about what would happen to them if he found them first.
“Look, how about you hold Logan? I’d never leave him behind,” she offers, looking down at Logan who is still wrapped around her while he sleeps. Watching as she begins to pull him away from her, I know it’s the wrong thing for her to do.
“When I left him in the forest after Ival found you, he wouldn’t let me leave. Nothing I said made him stop grabbing onto me except when I told him that, if he didn’t stay where I left him, he’d never see you again. I knew I didn’t have time to talk to him properly. I knew you were in trouble when you didn’t catch up to us. So I scared him into doing as he was told.”
“Poor fella.” Mattie rubs her hand through his hair, lightly kissing the top of his head. 
“I didn’t mean to upset him, but I think he needs to be in your arms. He needs to wake up and find you there to reassure himself that you’re okay.”
There are no flames to light us any longer, however we’re close enough to the edge of the forest that the stars and the moon allow me to see her face. Tears silently run down her face and I know she’s holding Logan even tighter to her.
“I have no idea how to take care of a kid. Hannah was only two years younger than me, and we had no younger cousins or little neighbours to babysit. I’ve never spent any time around kids, let alone how much we’ve been with Logan. I don’t know what we’re meant to do with him, but I love him so much. I feel like he’s mine, he’s ours, and even though that scares the shit out of me, it also makes me want to do everything we can to make sure he’s okay.”
“I thought you said love didn’t work like that? You’ve known Logan for not as long as you’ve known me.” I’m confused now.
“You can love someone instantly, but being in love with them is different.”
“So I could love you without being in love with you?”
“Sure, I guess.”
“So how much time has to pass before you’re in love with someone?”
“There isn’t an exact time. You just suddenly realise you are in love with them. You acknowledge their faults and love them anyway. You know them inside and out, and you wouldn’t change a thing.”
“I’d never change a thing about you, Mattie; you’re perfect,” I tell her honestly.
“I’m not perfect, which proves that you haven’t accepted my faults because you don’t see them.”
“What happens if a person doesn’t have faults?”
“Everyone has faults.”
“What are mine?”
“You’re an alien, which is a pretty huge one. You’re too passive, clearly since you let your family walk all over you. You’re obviously obsessive because you just admitted you stalked me every day for a long time, and you’re too trusting. I’m a human, and you’ve opened yourself up to me anyway. I could have easily killed you, especially when you told me the truth. I had a fucking gun in my hand, Marduke!”
“You didn’t even take a moment to think of them…” I say, feeling dismayed at how easily she is able to find fault with me.
“I’m sorry. I should have said that nicer. I’m tired, Marduke, just ignore me.”
I nod, looking out through the stray trees and into the open fields by us. There is no one about, and hopefully, there won’t be anyone for a long while. We could both use the break.
“How about Logan stays in my arms, and you can hold us both. I think I’d like to use your arm as a pillow. This ground is not cutting it.” She smiles hopefully at me, and then I slowly crawl over to her, the promise of being able to hold her making me move.
She nods her head for me to lie down, and I do, watching her carefully. 
“Hold your arm out,” she directs then she lies down next to me on her side. Her back is entirely against me as she rests her head on my arm, her arms still wrapped around Logan. I roll to my side and bring my spare arm around her, letting my hand hold Logan, too. My front is now against her back, and I can’t help thinking this feels right. It feels good, and even though I know the right thing to do is get them both to Oden where Mattie can be reunited with her friends—and hopefully, her family—I can’t bear the thought of giving her up. I want to be able to be this close to her always. I don’t think I’m strong enough to give her up.
In this moment, I couldn’t ever imagine a situation happening where I’d change my mind. Unfortunately, that situation is coming straight for us. This time with Mattie and Logan in my arms is never going to last.
Everything is about to change for us, and not for the better.
Chapter 20
Mattie

I wake up in Marduke’s arms, Logan wrapped in my own arms, making me feel safe and warm. The sun is up and bright, totally uncaring about the loss we all have just suffered yesterday. The day should be gloomy and cold, and there should be dark clouds in the sky to reflect our loss. Yet, then we’ll be cold, possibly rained on, and sickness would be a new problem we don’t have time or any resources to face. So, I suppose I’ll take the sunny day and clear skies.
I shift, trying to turn onto my back since I have a dead arm from Logan squashing it. I can only imagine Marduke’s arm, which I’ve used as a pillow all night.
When I make it onto my back, Marduke loosens his hold to allow us to move. I first look up at his face and discover he has a few new scratches to go with the small unhealed cuts from the glass I removed earlier. He looks peaceful in his sleep, and unfortunately, still incredibly attractive. I shouldn’t still be attracted to him after finding out who he really is, right? 
His dark skin is made even darker from the dirt that is sticking to him. I’m sure I look similarly dirty, too. His clothing is ripped, and I notice a few holes along his shirt, but then I see dried blood over his arm.
“Marduke!” I gasp, sitting up and waking him from my sudden movement. Logan still slumbers in my arms.
As I stare closer at the wound, I realise there is actually a substantial amount of blood over his arm, spilling from a wound on his shoulder. I settle Logan next to me so I can properly assess Marduke’s injury.
“What?” he grumbles, muttering something else that I swear isn’t English or any language that is spoken here. No, it sounds like the language Marduke and his brother used last night. It’s a reminder that Marduke is so different to me and that I really should be cautious of him; I should keep my distance and discourage whatever feelings I’ve deluded myself into thinking I have for him. Except, seeing him hurt overrides what I should do.
I take hold of his arm gently, moving the ruined sleeve of his t-shirt up to find an ugly hole right in the middle of his shoulder.
A bullet wound.
“You’ve been shot!” I panic, not sure what I’m supposed to do to help him.
Marduke sits up, glancing down at his arm. He shakes out his uninjured arm, most likely long dead since I’ve slept on it, and then reaches out and touches the wound.
“Does it hurt?”
“It’s a little sore.” He winces when his fingers make contact.
“Why didn’t you say something last night?”
“I didn’t even realise I’d been hurt. It felt fine yesterday.”
“You must have been in shock. We need to get moving; we have to find medical supplies.” I try to stand, but he reaches out and grabs hold of me lightly.
“I’ll be fine, Mattie,” he tries to assure me.
“No, you won’t.” I think I might be about to hyperventilate. “There isn’t an exit wound in that, which means you’ve still got the bullet in there. I need to take it out. If we don’t treat it, then you’ll probably get an infection and die, or at the very least, I’ll have to chop your arm off, and then what the hell do I do? If I can’t even handle a bullet wound, how the hell can you survive losing your arm? But if we don’t remove it, then it’ll spread through your body and you’ll die and—”
“Stop!” Marduke shakes me. I realise I’ve just lost myself in a panic, speaking so quickly and without a breath that I hope he couldn’t understand what I was saying. Who wants to hear they might have to get their arm chopped off? Oh, shit, what if I actually have to do something like that?
“Mattie, stop.” Marduke takes hold of my hand that is still resting over his arm, squeezing it hard enough to halt my thoughts from consuming me. “I’m going to be okay. We’ll find a first aid kit or whatever we can manage, we’ll top up our supplies, and then we’ll find a safe place to stay for a while.”
I nod, a lump forming in my throat preventing me from saying anything else.
Marduke has managed to grab a bag from last night when he took Logan, and he goes through what food and water we have.
I’ve luckily filled up both bottles from the water tank and left them back in the bag, so we have two full water bottles and enough canned food to last us one day. We also have a pile of bullets at the bottom of the bag, and after the explosion, Marduke must have placed the handgun in here, too. 
I rip Logan’s pink shirt that I doubt he’ll ever want to wear and strap it around Marduke’s arm. He’s still bleeding, so I hope this is enough to stem it.
I try to coax Logan into eating some food, but he won’t eat a thing. He still hasn’t said a word to either of us, and I’m lucky to manage to get him to take some water. I don’t know what I’m meant to do with him, but with the biggest worry at the moment being Marduke’s arm, I leave this new development to deal with later.
Logan doesn’t even attempt to try to walk today, so I carry him along the outskirts of the forest. Marduke offers to help, however I glance pointedly at his bullet wound and tell him no. He’s not limping much anymore, so I’m glad to see that he is improving a little in that respect, at least.
I don’t know how to wrap my mind around everything we’ve talked about yesterday. Not only is Marduke really from another planet, but his family is the reason that Earth has been invaded. Even if I can get past all of that, how the hell do I deal with the fact that there are aliens in the universe that look like us? What if there are more that were here, and we didn’t even know it? What if they’ve been on Earth all along, just biding their time to attack us, waiting for the perfect moment to take us down?
Maybe what is really causing my head to hurt is what Marduke has said about how he feels about me last night. He basically admitted that he loves me, even if he is slightly delusional. I panicked, realising how much I care about him also. 
He’s an alien who came here to invade us. He’s not human, so it can’t be right the way I feel. I should hate him. I should probably want him dead. No human would ever understand how I’m feeling or would agree with it. I’d probably be considered a traitor to my own kind.
How can I have feelings for not only an alien, but one who has just invaded Earth? His family planned this attack, they’re responsible for countless deaths, maybe even the deaths of my family and friends back home, how the hell can I feel anything for him that isn’t hate and contempt?
What is wrong with me?
“Up ahead, there are houses by that road.” Marduke points towards a small grouping of cabins that have just come into our view, and I leave my confused thoughts behind. Nothing good will come of them.
With a new goal in sight, I focus only on placing each foot in front of the other. Logan hasn’t said a peep, and he’s slowly growing heavier in my arms. Or maybe I’m just growing weaker.
There is no sign of spaceships or machines around us, but we still are careful and keep ourselves under the cover of the trees surrounding us.
I think about Lisa, Hank and the girls. A small, nagging fear whispers in my mind that perhaps Marduke had been lying to me. Not to hurt me, but to protect me. Maybe that light didn’t take them away, maybe it incinerated them, and they’re actually dead and he’s thought it kinder to tell me that they’re still alive. What if no one is going to the place Marduke calls Oden? What if all this is about is mass-murder?
“There is a car over there.” Marduke nods his head at the car sitting tucked away between two of the cabins. It’s a faded, green SUV that has a large dent in the bumper and a headlight has been smashed. I wonder if it’ll even work. Not that it matters, really. If we’re heading into the forest, we won’t need a working vehicle.
It’s past lunchtime when we break into the first cabin where we find plenty of food, six bottles of water, and this time, we take some camping supplies. Marduke grabs sleeping bags, blankets and warmer clothes while I find a fishing rod and portable stove.
We pile our find by the front door and take off for the next one. Other than some band-aids, antidepressant drugs and aspirin, there is nothing for Marduke to take for his shoulder. 
There are six cabins all along here, each having more supplies for us to steal. They’re all very modern and set up like a real house inside, connected to a wide set of solar panels, so when I turn the light on, it actually works. I haven’t seen electricity in a long time and it’s probably the first time in my life that I’ve gotten excited about turning a light on.
That same house has gas that works, and two large water tanks outside that are full. They’re both connected to the cabin, and so we get taps that work and a toilet that flushes. If I was writing a review for this accommodation, I’d award it five stars just based on the beautiful noise of the flushing toilet.
The place next door to where we currently are has a room set up for a child, maybe a seven or eight-year-old, but I find some clothes that’ll fit Logan. Then I fill the bathtub up with warm water. 
Hoping a bath and clean body might cheer Logan up, I leave Marduke to use the sink in the kitchen to wash his wound, telling him I’ll help him afterwards, before I strip Logan out of his clothes.
His gaze is far away, and I can’t get him to focus his attention. Although he is mostly uninjured except for a couple of bruises and small scratches, I see the water browning up immediately from all the dirt on him. His hair is the worst. I wash it three times just to get it back to the blonde colour.
I sing him a song my mum used to sing to me when I had a bath when I was little. It’s about mermaids, fish, and at the end, she’d dunk the yellow duck that used to float in the water then let go of it so it would shoot up into the air before landing on top of the water again. I would always laugh at that, never knowing how she made it fly. Regrettably, I don’t have any toys in here for Logan, so the song doesn’t have quite the highpoint that Mum managed with me.
I keep talking to him, filling in the silence with my babble. I move on from the song, which I sing twice, and tell him a story. I make it up, not knowing any stories from children’s books, and I lose myself in the middle and rush to the end to give it a happy ending. I definitely did the right thing by not taking creative writing in college.
After I get him out of the water, I dry him off and dress him into his new clothes. I only manage to towel dry his hair, but when I’m finished with him, he does glance down at himself. He doesn’t speak, but he seems to notice that he’s now clean. That has to be an improvement.
When I head back out to Marduke, I see him wincing as he washes his arm. Unfortunately, I know that isn’t going to cut it.
I get Logan some fruit, finally able to get him eating, and then settle him into a spare bedroom. I’m not sure if we should stay here, but he might as well sleep in a bed while he can.
When I leave Logan and his room, my eyes immediately stare at the table where I have what supplies I could find. There is a bottle of vodka, a regular, small, metal sewing needle, a ball of fishing thread that I’ve found with the fishing gear, scissors and tweezers.
This is going to suck so badly.
“Okay, you ready for this?” I ask him, my voice shaking with my nerves.
“Should we eat something first? I’m hungry.” He looks at the pile of food I’ve already placed in the bag by the door, ready for us to grab if we need to make a quick escape.
“I think this might be better done on an empty stomach.” Already, I feel queasy.
“Okay, what do you want me to do?”
“Take your shirt off and take a large gulp of this.” I pull the chair to the side, tapping it to show he should sit, and then hand him the bottle of vodka.
He takes his shirt off, wincing when the material drags over his shoulder. Then he takes the bottle and glances down at it.
“This is poison,” he states suspiciously.
“I know, but it’ll numb the pain you’re going to feel.”
He keeps staring at the bottle, and I’m afraid that he’s going to tell me no. That he’ll insist on being completely sober for this, and I’ll have to hear every cry of pain as I stab him with that needle.
Thankfully, he sits down, twists open the cap, and takes a swig of it. He almost spits it out, though.
“That tastes awful.”
“I know. I hear that it gets better the more you have. When you’re ready, drink some more.”
He eyes me cautiously and then eyes the bottle. It is several minutes before he has more, and that time, he only takes a sip.
To pass the time, I glance at our surroundings. There is nothing exciting about this room except the electricity I can see working. The light bulb is shining brighter since the sky outside is darkening. 
When I see Marduke having another drink, I look back at him and take in his shirtless appearance. Again, I look at the tattoos, feeling bold enough to lean in close to see what he has on him.
“Did you really get these when you were just a kid?”
“Yes, my brother has the same on him.”
“What do they mean?”
‘They mean all different things. They’re my family history.”
I stare carefully at his tattoos, seeing now that there are small gaps that separate some of them. I start at his right shoulder, tracing my fingers over it and watching his skin form goose bumps under my touch. 
“What does this one mean?”
He glances down at where my hand is. There are dots randomly placed over his shoulder, some bigger than others, but all of them round. “This is a map of stars where my great-grandfather, who was the leader at the time, discovered our greatest planet, now after yours. It held vegetation that we were able to create many medicines from, and we made some of our greatest discoveries there. Almost all of our diseases were cured because of the discoveries made there. It was considered our families greatest accomplishment.”
I take in his words and then look at one that moves down his ribs. It appears to be small scratches, and strange shapes that move around like a spider web. “What about this one?” I graze my hand along his chest and rest again over the tattoo, tracing it. His skin is smooth and soft until he tenses from my touch.
He takes another drink of vodka, this time taking a larger swig. It must taste a little better now.
“This one is from the beginning of our recorded past. The story of it is slightly hazy, but I was told that it began our quest for knowledge and marks the beginning into the study of space travel. The markings are our way of writing, and this is the last part of the formula that allows us the ability to teleport through space.”
“Wow.” I move my fingers over the markings again, taking in the fact that these actually make words to Marduke. 
I notice a claw then, to the side of his chest where his heart would be. Does Marduke’s species have a heart?
He sees where my eyes are staring and explains it to me without me having to ask. 
“This one is a warning. Years ago, before my great-grandfather discovered the planet we call Kinlite where we found our medicines, he attempted to take over another planet. Our people were not prepared for the fight they found there. Creatures with claws like this one attacked them. We were told they were smart, cunning and ruthless. They murdered our people and took down several of our spaceships. We lost many good people on that quest. After that, we never took down a planet without being prepared. It is why Ival and I were here. Ival learned of your weapons and some were implemented to the hinemas.”
“Do you usually go to the planets before you take them over?”
“No, this was my first time. My father has only taken three other planets in his reign as leader, and I was only a child at the time of the others.”
“Does every planet that you take over make it on your chest?”
“Yes, we have nine so far. Earth will be our tenth.”
“What will you put on here to signify Earth?” I feel a little sick asking because I realise that once that tattoo is on Marduke, there is no changing our fate. All we’ll come down to is a planet who has been taken down by Marduke’s people and reduced to a story that will be told from the picture of a tattoo.
“I don’t know.” He takes another sip of vodka, and then I take the bottle from him and gulp down a large mouthful myself. It does taste awful, but I quickly have another gulp afterwards.
“Mattie?”
“Let’s get started. How are you feeling?”
“A little dizzy, actually.”
“Good.” I go into the kitchen and grab hold of a bowl and bring it over to the table. I place a small amount of vodka in there and dip the needle into it. I then move over to the sink and wash my hands with soap and hot water. 
I’m really not sure what I’m doing, so I remember what I’ve seen on TV and in movies to show me what people spend years at university learning.
When I make it back over to Marduke, I hold out his arm and look at the cut he’s made to take out the tracking device. It looks brutal, but it also appears to be healing. If there was going to be an infection from that, it’s already too late.
I drop the tweezers into the bowl next and hold the bottle, which is almost half empty now, to Marduke’s arm.
“This is going to hurt, so prepare yourself.” 
I tip vodka down his arm, washing away the blood from his still bleeding wound and watch as he tenses up, fisting both hands and crying out in pain. He jumps up from the chair, knocking it over, and paces away from me.
“I’m sorry. It’s just that this will kill any germs you have.”
I watch him taking deep breaths until he eventually calms down. “What else do you have to do?”
“I’m going to use the tweezers to take the bullet out then I’ll use the needle and wire to stitch you back up. It’s going to hurt the entire time. I’m sorry.”
Not in a single place we’ve searched did we find any painkillers. Not that it’d probably matter. Marduke refused the aspirin when I told him to take it. Although, I wonder if he’ll change his mind tomorrow when he wakes up with a hangover?
He flexes his hands, takes a deep breath, and then sits down again. He reaches for the vodka, and this time, he takes his longest gulp yet. When he puts it down, I also take a sip. A drunk first time nurse isn’t exactly ideal, but if I’m going to be expected to do this and not pass out, I need something inside me to help me keep going.
Sadly, digging the bullet out ends up being ten times worse. I can’t actually see it, so I end up just moving the tweezers around, hoping to find it. I’m surprised by how deep the bullet went, and I swear I should be hitting bone with the tweezers.
Marduke has his jaw locked shut, but inside his throat he’s screaming. It sounds like a whiny cry of torture, and it’s positively awful. By the time I find the bullet, my hands are shaking and I’m crying. 
“I’m sorry,” I whisper, unable to stop my tears. This time, it’s me that needs to pace the room.
His wound has started bleeding again, and I don’t know if it’s because I’ve caused more damage, or if it’s just bleeding because I still haven’t stitched it up.
It takes me a while to calm down, and in that time, Marduke has taken several more gulps of alcohol. Maybe it’ll be easier to work on him if he’s passed out?
When I walk back over to him, he passes me the bottle, and I notice him swaying on the chair. How can someone sway when they’re already seated? He even starts to slip off the edge. There are no arm rests on these chairs, so I quickly place the bottle on the table and grab hold of his uninjured arm, holding him upright. When he still slides, I link my fingers into the side of his pants and shove him back onto the chair.
He laughs at me, reaching out and placing both hands on my hips before pulling me forward until I’m standing over him, my legs on either side of the chair. I almost protest, but when he knocks my legs and I lose my balance, I only slip enough until I’m sitting on his lap. With me pinning him down, he stops his sliding off the chair. Maybe this could work?
“You’re so pretty. I’ve never seen anyone as pretty as you,” he slurs. I realise this is as good a time as any to begin stitching him up.
“Don’t move,” I tell him, rolling my eyes when his arms wrap around me and his hands rest over my ass, holding me to his lap. “Marduke, hold your arm out.” I tap my hand on his injured arm, far enough away from his shoulder that I won’t hurt him.
He doesn’t move his arm, instead he laughs again, so I grab his arm and hold it out. Then I take out the needle, grab the wire, and thread it through.
I take several deep breaths, look longingly at the bottle of vodka, and then take my first stab at his wound.
His laughing immediately stops and his free arms slips from me. He grips the bottom of the chair, grabbing onto the wooden base with enough force that I wouldn’t be surprised if he imprinted his hand there.
He groans again, making his throat scream. I’m thankfully able to hold it together long enough to thread the wound closed. A small amount of blood leaks out, but nothing like it was. I tie the edge piece and cut off the excess wire, then dip one of the cloths I found in the kitchen into the bowl with vodka and wipe over the wound again.
He cries out this time, his mouth opening with his pain, and I do the only thing I can think that might distract him from it—I kiss him.
My tears mix with our kiss, which at first he is unresponsive to. I realise it was a stupid idea, and just as I lean back from him, his lips follow mine, moving against me until I open up to him.
It moves quickly from soft to all-consuming. His mouth possesses mine as his arms wrap around me and hold me flush against him. My hips move forward and pressure begins to line up against me. My body moves on instinct, rocking against him while my own arms link around his neck. 
When his lips finally leave mine, I gasp for breath, my heart beating a million miles in my chest, heat moving throughout my body. His lips trail down my neck, kissing and sucking as they go, and it sparks flares of heat wherever his lips land.
“Marduke, wait.” I pull away, holding my hands on either side of his face when he tries to move back to me. “I need to finish this,” I say, looking back at the awful stitching job I’ve just done. If he survives this, then he’s going to have one ugly scar from it.
I reach over the table from where I’m sitting and take hold of the tape I’ve found in the half-empty first aid kit. I place a clean piece of material over the wound, getting him to hold his arm up so that it doesn’t fall off. Then I tape over it, using my teeth to cut it off once I think I’ve used enough tape, and then place my thumb to flatten down the final piece.
Feeling relieved that it’s finally over, but nervous at the look in Marduke’s eyes, I take hold of the bottle of vodka and take another sip. It’s down to a quarter left.
I don’t drink alcohol at all, and since I didn’t eat any dinner or lunch, I’m beginning to feel incredibly tipsy. I might even go as far as to say I’m close to drunk.
Marduke is definitely drunk because, not only has he eaten as much as I have and he won’t have built up any tolerance to it since this is his first time drinking, he also has had a lot of this bottle just to himself. 
Neither of our bodies know what has hit them, so I take the unnatural swaying of the room as my mind playing tricks on me.
I hold the bottle out to Marduke, in case he wants more. When he tries to take hold of it, it somehow ends up spilled on the floor.
“Oops,” I whisper, laughing when I think about it being there. 
Marduke rests his forehead against mine, his arms wrapping around me again so that I’m against him. My eyes look into his own, which are staring at me. Even though it’s hard to focus when he’s so close, I can’t help seeing how green his eyes are. I’ve never seen a colour so beautiful, never seen eyes look so bright and deep.
“Your eyes are green,” I try to whisper, although I think I probably hiss it loudly instead. “Did you know that?”
“I did. Your eyes are blue.” He smiles at me then I lean back and trace my fingers over his smile.
“I love your smile. How come you don’t smile more?” I touch the small dimples that appear on each cheek then follow his lips, jumping a little when he cheekily licks me.
“I’ve never had reason to smile until I met you.”
Is that not the most amazing thing anyone has ever said?
“You should be a poet, or a hallmark card writer-person,” I tell him, wondering how people get those jobs.
“And you should be a model. You’re stunning, Mattie. The most beautiful girl in the entire universe.” He leans down and kisses me.
I’m pretty sure I melt then, like really turn into a puddle of mush. I even have to open my eyes and look at myself. I still appear whole, but inside my body something is changing.
“I feel hot. Can you please take this off me now?” I tap at the vest under my shirt, again wondering how this thing works. There is no mark on it from the gun that fired at me, not a single trace that anything hit it. A shot that forceful from such a close range should have pierced a bulletproof vest, or at the very least made a hole in the material that surrounds whatever the hell is inside it that stops bullets. This vest doesn’t even have a stitch out of place.
Marduke’s hands move upwards, and he takes off my faded t-shirt. Then, after dropping it to the ground, he traces his hand down the front of the vest as if he’s trying to find a hidden button or something, but then he stops at the neck of the vest. He places his hand flat, running it downwards, which creates a hidden seam that comes apart.
After days of wearing the vest, it feels freeing to finally have it come loose. I realise its extra freeing since I’m only wearing my bra underneath it.
Marduke slips the vest off my arms then his mouth is immediately on me. He moves from one breast to the other, kissing me through my bra. I’ve never been touched like this before, never felt the electricity and pleasure that is currently shooting through my body. I feel hot, but shivers consume me, and I begin to rock against him again.
My eyes are closed, so when I feel myself being lifted, I nearly cry out in shock, my legs locking tightly around him. Marduke has me in his arms, walking us into the bedroom. The door to the room Logan is sleeping in is open, but as Marduke walks us into the spare room, he kicks the door closed behind us.
He dumps me onto the bed where I bounce up and down, feeling a little sick as I do. That is quickly forgotten as I watch Marduke stripping himself of his pants and underwear. Now, completely naked.
I’ve never really seen a man naked before. Okay, sure I’ve seen some photos online, but those were just quick glimpses before embarrassment took over and I clicked out of them. I have been on a few dates, but nothing has ever gotten to this point. I even feel like a bit of a weirdo as I stare down at Marduke.
His body is perfection and completely human looking. I feel terrified at what this is leading to. I don’t know what I’m doing, but I definitely know that his penis is never going to fit inside me—there’s no way.
Then my fears move to the back of my mind when he grabs hold of my pants and undoes the button and zipper on my jeans. He pulls them off me and I unconsciously lift my ass to help him. When I’m free of jeans and underwear, he climbs over me, unclipping my bra, which takes him several tries. I giggle when I hear him getting frustrated.
“I’ve never done this before,” he explains, crying out in elation when he finally unclips it.
He takes it off me and sits back. Now, he gets to be the weirdo as he stares at me except his gaze makes me feel alive, makes me feel sexy. 
His hands explore my body, moving from my breasts, down my stomach and to my thighs. I feel wetness growing in my anticipation for him and my earlier fears are forgotten about him not fitting inside me.
I’m still tipsy, drunk on this moment and the alcohol consumed earlier, that I feel blank moments also passing me by. Like when did his hands move up my thigh and inside me?
As I get used to the foreign fingers moving, teasing and stretching me, I groan at his touch, desperate for something more. Suddenly, he removes his fingers altogether and before I can voice a complaint, he enters me.
He doesn’t go gently, moving instead until he’s completely sheathed by me and I feel uncomfortable and in pain. I groan, not in pleasure, but he already begins moving.
“You feel… this is… Oh, Mattie, I think…” He keeps going like this, unable to finish anything he’s trying to say.
Tears fall down my face, both from pain and the small bits of pleasure that are coming through. It feels strange, and even though it’s not all that enjoyable, I watch as he gasps, his mouth not actually closing back up again. His entire body is tense, his arms bulging muscles and his stomach so taunt that I feel a little more turned on just feeling him.
He moves in and out of me a few more times and then calls out my name before he lets go completely and climaxes. He lies on top of me, his arms lifting him up enough that he’s not crushing me while his chest moves in and out quickly as he tries to catch his breath while he is still inside of me. This is something that is just between us, something that can never be taken away from us.
I wonder if I’ve finished, too. I’ve never spoken to any of my friends about sex, but I’ve overheard plenty of conversations in the locker room after practice. My experience doesn’t sound like some of what the other girls have said. At the same time, however, there is something special about this. There is something magical flowing through me. I feel love for Marduke; feel love for what we’ve just shared. There is an intimacy between us now, something that hasn’t been there before, and something that neither of us has shared with anyone else.
Warmth and happiness fill me as well as exhaustion. 
“I want to do that with you again, every minute of every day for all eternity,” Marduke says, finally coming up from lying over me. His eyes look glazed, his smile lazy, and when I look at his lips, he quickly leans down and kisses me.
“I think we should have a bath,” I say, feeling wet and sticky from the sweat over both of us.
“I’ll get it ready, don’t move an inch.” He gives me another quick kiss before he gets up, placing his pants back over him, no doubt he does it in case he walks into Logan.
I glance down at the sheets, which we never made it under, and see a trace amount of blood.
I’m officially not a virgin. I think that might make me like most normal nineteen-year-olds except I’ve just had sex with an alien. I laugh at the thought, perhaps the alcohol dampening the fact that having had sex with Marduke should be scaring the hell out of me, or at the very least, making me feel guilty.
I shouldn’t have to feel guilty over this, though. I deserve some happiness in my life. Besides, there is no way anyone would actually find out about this. This is a secret, just between me and Marduke. Something else we can also share with each other.
I’m almost dozing when Marduke pokes his head through the still ajar door. “The bath is ready. And I checked on Logan; he’s still fast asleep.”
I stand up, feeling sore as I walk. I hope that goes away soon.
I slip into the bath, leaning forward as Marduke also gets in with me. I let him wash me, enjoying the feeling of being clean, and relish at how powerful I feel as I wash him. I love the gasps he makes as I touch him; love how in control I feel as I stroke him. I sort of understand the big fuss that gets made about this stuff.
Things don’t progress to having sex, mostly because I tell him that I’m feeling too sore to try again. So we enjoy each other as we are, and once we’re clean and dry, we fall asleep naked in each other’s arms.
Chapter 21
Marduke

It’s been at least two weeks since we last saw Ival, maybe even three weeks. Things could not be going any better for us, either. We got some good supplies from the first lot of cabins we found, and most importantly, we found a car that worked. We were able to drive through the night to a bigger town where we managed to find a lot more food and water.
We had everything we needed, and we found a place in the forest for us to store a lot of it.
We got greedy, though, the lure of sleeping in a house, on a bed, too tempting. We only spent two nights in the tents before we took off again. When we ran out of gas, we’d just find ourselves a new car. Mattie even showed me how to drive, although it was more difficult when we couldn’t find automatic cars.
Logan finally started to open up again as well. Just yesterday, I heard him laughing as Mattie read him a story from a children’s book we’ve found. He’s eating more, beginning to put on some weight, and he doesn’t look so haunted. Logan doing better also means Mattie is doing better because now she isn’t constantly worrying about him so much.
Things between Mattie and me have been great. She still asks me questions about my life before Earth, my family and Oden during the day, but at night, she kisses me with enough passion it makes me crazy with lust. If possible, I’d swear she’s even more beautiful to me now than before. Everything about her turns me on. Just the simplest touch of her hand on my arm is enough to make me want to jump her.
I’m not sure why sex isn’t revered back home. It’s spoken of as if it is something you do when you want to have children, then once that happens, you don’t bother with it anymore. Is it because it only feels this good because I’m with Mattie? Or are my people missing something? Or is it some complete lie they tell us kids so we’ll hold off trying it? Either way, sex with Mattie is like a drug—I want her all the time.
The first night I’d barely been able to control myself. I remember how good it felt to be inside her, but not how good she felt during it. That night is still a little hazy, the hangover the next day painfully blocking my memories from the best night of my life.
Mattie was a little hesitant to try again a few days later, but after I got her worked up, she agreed. I focused solely on her this time, even though it was like torture for me, and I stopped when she said it still was uncomfortable. We went slowly that night, and it took too long for the pain to begin to subside for her. I only lasted a couple minutes once we finally sped up. By the third time, I was more under control, and Mattie was more vocal about what she wanted.
I held back until I knew she climaxed, until I heard her calling out my name and I swear her eyes rolled into the back of her head. It didn’t matter, though, seeing her so excited and having her clamping down on me… I was gone.
Now that we’ve done it several more times, I’m learning her body, figuring out what makes her tick and loving every night that we begin our lessons. 
Having her lie in my arms afterwards is my favourite position. Ensuring she’s not only satisfied, but also relaxed and protected, wrapped up beside me, feels right. 
There is no one else for me. No arranged mating back on Oden could ever come close to this. I can’t bear the thought of even attempting this with anyone else. This is too personal, too special to share with another.
Mattie is it for me, and I won’t ever let her go.
It’s why, when I’m unloading supplies into our car’s trunk while Mattie and Logan are inside a new house we’re raiding—finding more for us to take—I look up to see Ival and I’m devastated. 
I know everything will be lost now. I know that I’ll never get to share another night with Mattie. I’ll never be able to hold her in my arms again.
Not unless I can kill Ival first.
He is completely healed, and I realise that he must have transported himself out of the fire, gone back onto his spaceship and had the medics there heal him. I should never have left him behind—I should have made sure he was dead.
I want to call out to Mattie to stay inside, but I fear my voice will only attract her attention.
“Marduke, it’s so good to see you again.”
“Ival,” I grunt, glancing down at the trunk and hoping to find a weapon I can use. I swear I had a gun in here, but Mattie must have taken it out.
“Looking for this?” Ival sneers, as if on cue. 
I glance back up at him to see he has a handgun in his hand, pointing it at me.
“So, are you going to shoot me then?” I glare at him. I’m not wearing my vest since I’ve been forcing Mattie to wear it every day. I’m completely open to a kill shot from him. I know it’s coming; I’m just angry that, if he kills me now, I won’t be here to protect Logan and Mattie.
“You know, I’ve been watching you since you arrived at this house. I watched you break in, search for food and make yourselves lunch. I watched the way you held that human female’s hand, the way you leaned forward and kissed her. I wouldn’t be surprised if you haven’t taken it further with her.”
I slam the trunk’s lid down in anger, stepping aside the car and moving towards him. “I swear, Ival, if you lay one finger on her, I’ll—”
“Logan!” Mattie screams from the house. 
I turn in time to see Logan running towards me. He has a smile on his face, completely oblivious to the situation he’s running into.
“No, Logan, go back inside!” I yell out, managing only a few steps in his direction before Ival pulls the trigger on his gun. He’s no longer pointing the gun at me, though; instead it’s been aimed at Logan. 
Logan is thrown by the force of the bullet impacting his small body.
“No!” Mattie screeches. She runs to Logan and I detour my route, going straight for Ival.
Ival doesn’t shoot me, even though he has ample time to. He just smiles at me, looking actually gleeful that I’m about to attack him. When I run into him with everything I’ve got, he only has to take a few steps back to right himself. I’m crouched down, my arms wrapped around his middle as I try to tackle him. From his position, he is able to elbow down hard over my spine, the force so strong I fall to my knees before he then slams his fist into my face, knocking me down to the side, blood spurting out from my nose.
Pain radiates through my body as I turn my head, seeing Mattie sobbing while she holds Logan in her arms. I see her breaking apart in front of me, watch as her sanity is stolen from her by this loss. My Mattie, the carefree and happy one I’ve come to find in the past few weeks, disappears and an empty shell replaces her.
“As I was saying, I watched you, little brother, and I realised something. Want to know what I realised?”
I sit up, forcing myself to get back on my feet, only to be punched again in the face. This time, my jaw clicks out, and when I fall to my knees, Ival kicks me in the ribs. The impact is enough that I can’t breathe properly afterwards.
Again my eyes find Mattie. She is rocking Logan as she mutters words to him. I don’t know what she’s saying, all I know is that I’ve failed Logan—I’ve failed her.
“I realised, brother,” Ival blocks my view of Mattie as he crouches down beside me, “that I no longer need to kill you. Just seeing you like this, seeing what you’ve allowed yourself to do with a human, is enough for Father to change his mind. You’ve disappointed him, dishonoured our family name, and you won’t get a hero’s death here. You’ll be wiped from our history, having never existed at all.” He laughs, his face contorted with his humour. He looks evil.
When did Ival become such a monster? I’ve always known he is brutal, but never to this extreme. He doesn’t want to just kill me, he wants to destroy me.
“You bastard! How could you kill him! He’s just an innocent child!” Mattie screams at Ival, coming alive again as she leaves a lifeless Logan on the ground and runs at Ival.
“Watch, brother, watch her scream.” He smirks at me before turning to face her. 
The fear of him harming Mattie is enough to kick me into action.
I jump onto his back, ignoring the pain from my ribs that feels like they’re stabbing my insides. I blink away the dizziness as black dots appear in front of my eyes. I knock Ival’s hand, surprising him enough that the gun drops to the ground, and then I reach to his side and grab the monit.
I point it at Mattie, not giving myself time to take in her appearance one last time before I send her away. Black light cloaks her, and in a second, she disappears. She’s now on a spaceship, somewhere high above us on her way to Oden. 
Ival shrugs me off and I fall. I have no strength. It’s why I haven’t just held him until Mattie made it to us. If I thought I could manage it, I’d have held him until she could get to the gun to finish him off, but there wasn’t time. One shove from Ival, and I’m already lost to him. He would have reached the gun first, and Mattie would be dead along with Logan.
“You idiot,” he hisses at me, grabbing the monit out of my hand and pointing it at Logan, letting the green light cover him until he disappears. “I cannot wait for Father to see what you’ve become.” He then points it at me and green light comes at me. 
Before I finish blinking, I find myself trapped in my father’s spaceship.
I blink away the unconsciousness that is trying to take hold of me as Medics quickly approach me. I think I must black out, yet regrettably, it doesn’t last long. In what feels like seconds, I’m jolted awake, sitting upright and vaguely aware that my ribs no longer hurt.
“You have failed me, Marduke—failed this family.” My father is immediately in my face. I sit back from him, feeling his foul breath hitting me.
“Father, I—”
“Don’t speak without permission. I’ve just been hearing from Ival what you’ve been getting up to on that planet. You’ve been spending time with a human? Seen kissing one? I need to hear if you were intimate with her,” he demands, turning to stare at one of the guards. “Find this human and bring her to me. She must be dealt with immed—”
“We didn’t sleep together, Father, I swear. She was just helping me to survive. I was on the run after Ival tried to kill me,” I quickly explain, fearful that I haven’t helped Mattie at all. I’ve hoped that sending her on a spaceship to Oden would mean that she would get lost in the crowd of humans there. She’ll be able to find Hank and Lisa, find any surviving family, and I’ll try my best to find her when I can. 
“Yes, Ival skipped telling me that part. I only told him I planned to have you lead instead of him as a test. I expected to hear he’d killed you straight away, and then I would have told him he passed.” He stands up, walking over to Ival, who is standing at attention next to my mother. “I was disappointed to hear you couldn’t do it. I assumed you were too weak to end him, but was surprised when I realised Marduke had gotten away. I thought maybe I’d underestimated him. I see now I’ve merely underestimated you both. If your mother weren’t defective, I’d have you both killed and would choose from my remaining sons who will lead, but I only have you two disappointments, so I have to restrain myself. I’m disgusted with you both, and as of right now, I am considering taking it to the other families that we cannot lead after my reign.”
“Father, no!” Ival cries out, only to be slapped in the face by our father. 
“You have given me little other choice. If you do not step up and show me that you can make our family name proud, then I will have you both erased, and our family will be shamed.”
I keep my head bowed as a sign of respect and chastisement. My mind might be freaking out about Mattie and Logan, however I’ve been raised all my life to know how important our family name is to our history and our future. To hear my father speak like this is shocking and terrifying.
He storms away, ordering guards to lock us both up in our quarters, and I only manage a quick glimpse at the medics in the corner working on Logan, trying to save him. I want to ask if he’s okay, ask them how long until he’ll be fully healed, but I don’t. I don’t need to draw more attention to the fact that I care about him, a human child.
So I let the guards walk me to my quarters. My ribs feel tender with each step I take, a painful reminder I’m not completely healed yet. As I leave the room, I feel Ival’s glare on me the entire time before he, too, is taken away.

***

It takes a week to make it back to Oden, and as soon as we’re home, I’m trapped in my room there as well. I’m told from the guards that I am to stay here until further notice. My only consolation is that Ival is also still locked up.
I pace the length of my room, feeling angry at my predicament and anxious to find Mattie. I’m desperate to hold her, to hear her voice, and to know that she is okay.
The last time I saw her, she’d held Logan, assuming he was dead, and I watched as she died in that moment. The only other emotion that was able to emerge from her was anger. Not sadness, not fear and not loss. That anger consumed her as she ran at Ival, ready to take him down or die trying.
I’ve never seen her like that. Now, I’ve sent her away from me, and I’m worried about how she is coping with this. Is she still that shell of herself? Is she still suffering the loss of Logan? That’s not fair that she should believe he’s dead.
From what I have been able to find out, Logan has made a full recovery, and I’ve made one of the guards promise to take him to Lisa and Hank. I knew they would be able to protect him until I can find out what state Mattie is in. However, I’ve dared not mention Mattie’s name in case word gets back to my father. I know she’ll find Lisa and Hank on her own, and from there, she’ll find Logan. It is the best I can do from here.
It might seem strange that Logan has been saved, but children are sacred here. They’re a family’s legacy, and to take that away at such a young age, before the child can become who they are meant to be, is considered a sin. To die fighting for your family and home is considered an honour, but for a child to die under those circumstances is nothing other than tragic.
Ival transporting Logan to our spaceship was him passing along a courtesy that has been beaten into all of our people for generations. I’m sure many human children have been killed, and for that, my people will mourn and question what’s happened on Earth. I also know that the planet itself and the possibilities it provides our family with—as well as the fact that humans were slowly destroying it—will help ease that pain. I’m not sure Ival meant to harm Logan, or at least, not mortally wound him.
From what I’ve gathered, public pressure and the massive amount of deaths caused my father to issue an order to take and not kill the remaining fighting humans. They want everyone off Earth, and as far as I’m aware, that means Oden will be crawling with humans. 
I’m not sure how we’re supposed to house so many, and I definitely have no idea how we’re meant to feed and provide for them. I see how barbaric what we’ve done is, yet I also know it’s too late to change it.
We’re stuck now—there is nothing to be done. Nothing I can do except ensure Mattie is with Logan and the others.
There is no way for us to be together here, but I will keep my promise to keep her safe. I’ll ensure she is taken care of and given the best life possible for her here. I will search for her family and hope that they’re alive so I can reunite them. I will do anything to ease this pain because I know coming here has not been something she’s ever wanted. She wanted to remain on Earth whether she was able to live or die there.
A knock reverberates throughout my room, followed by my mother’s voice calling out my name. 
I stand still, facing the wall where I know my door to be. When it appears, I hope my punishment is over. Instead, my mother enters my room, quickly closing the door behind her, and I watch it turn back into my wall.
“Your father doesn’t know I’m here, so I must be quick,” she says to me, her eyes roaming over me again. Before, I wouldn’t have thought anything of it, but now I realise how distant we all are here. If Mattie had just entered the room, we’d have taken steps towards each other and hugged, maybe kissed. I’ve witnessed lovers, friends and family doing much the same back on Earth. Humans are incredibly physical. 
I’m sure I haven’t touched my mother in years, though. Most likely, I’ve never touched my father at all. Not a hug, a handshake or even an affectionate slap on the back.
“What is it?” I ask, trying to sound respectful. I’ve never had to try at this before, but I’m finding it hard to reign in my anger at the moment.
“This human you were with, the one Ival saw you kissing, did anything more happen?”
“What do you mean?” I fear the reason she is asking about this. I’ve hoped it would be forgotten.
“Did you mate with her?”
My eyes widen, fear shooting through me. If father knows I’ve slept with her, she’ll be killed for sure, and most likely, so will I.
“No.”
“Please, Marduke, I need to know.”
“We never did that, Mother, I swear,” I lie. Since I’ve never told a lie to her before, I know she’ll believe me—we don’t lie on Oden, not ever.
“Marduke, I see something in you, something that wasn’t there before. You care for this human; I can tell. There is a protectiveness that never existed in you before. If you did mate with her, you need to listen to me. Since you’ve reached the age of mating consent, you were altered in a way to ensure that, once you were mated, you would easily begin producing offspring. Every family needs several heirs, in case of loss or defects. Our family is unusual for our small size, though this is my own failing, not your father’s. We were blessed to have two capable sons.”
“What are you trying to say, Mother?” 
“I’m trying to tell you that we’ve run tests on these humans. They are very similar to us. Their bodies are weaker and disease ridden, but they work as ours do when it comes to reproduction. So if you did in fact mate with this human female, then there is a very good chance you also impregnated her.”
“What?” I gasp, my body first filling with a small amount of excitement that Mattie and I might be linked—that she might have something that will belong to us with her—before fear crushes my excitement. “Father will have her killed and any child she might carry.”
“I know, and I’m not asking you because I plan to tell him anything. In fact, it might be better if you don’t confirm anything to me. But if there is a chance that our blood runs in that human’s body, if she is carrying a child that belongs to our family, then you need to find which planet she has been taken to and you need to get her to a medic.”
“What do you mean I need to find out which planet she was taken to? Isn’t she here on Oden?”
“No, you were only just taken a week ago. We have not accepted any humans for almost two weeks. We’re too full here.”
“Then where would she have been taken?” A cold sweat breaks out over my body.
“We’ve been shipping them off to the other planets we own. She could have been taken to any of those nine planets.”
“I need to find her.”
“I know. She has more to fear than your brother and father.”
“What do you mean?”
“If she is pregnant, then you will be shunned if our people find out what you did; perhaps your father will kill you. However, if the humans find out she carries a child from our people?” She shakes her head at me. “The humans have rebelled quite powerfully, and we are cautious of them. We’re aware we need to keep a tight watch of them. I’ve seen their cruelty and hatred. It is vile, an illness they all carry. They turn on each other constantly, sometimes for no reason at all. If they find out the human is pregnant from you, then they will turn on her, too.”
I growl in anger, feeling even more claustrophobic being stuck in this room.
“How do I find her?”
“You need to get away from here and search every planet. It won’t be easy, and you’ll need to figure out a way to get your father off your back.”
“I need to get out of this room first.”
“I know, and I will work on your father for that. It’s all I can offer you, though.”
“When I find her, what do I do?”
She gazes at me intently, a stare that burns though me from the intensity. I’ve never felt like I’ve existed in my mother’s eyes. It’s never occurred to me that I should exist to her.
“I do care for you, Marduke. I care for both of my children, and that extends to a possible grandchild, no matter whom the mother is. I understand what will happen to you both, however, and I know the betrayal and dishonour this action will bring down on our family. You need to find her and leave here. Never return. Hopefully, your disappearance will be looked at as a loss from the war. You can never come back here or else you, your human, and your half-child will be executed. You will be considered a traitor, and your name will be remembered forever as such.”
That thought would have terrified me once upon a time. It would have been enough to scare me into doing whatever I needed to do to make sure that never happens. I have been taught nothing is worse than bringing dishonour on your family.
Now, I couldn’t care less. 
The only thing that is scaring me into action is realising that Mattie is on a different planet, going through who knows what, no doubt imagining everyone she cares about is dead. In addition to that, she’s potentially pregnant with my child.
“Thank you for telling me this. I owe you,” I say, realising how much my mother is risking by being here. Just from coming into my room, she’ll risk my father’s wrath. 
“You were always a good son, Marduke. I will think about you often.” It’s as close to a declaration of love as I’ll ever get from her, and more than I’ve ever expected to hear.
I nod my head, bowing deeply in respect towards her. 
She then silently leaves my room, and I begin pacing once more. I need to get to Mattie and soon, before we lose each other forever.
Chapter 22
Mattie

I wake up feeling disorientated, trapped in something small and restrictive. I feel around, my hands barely able to move, an instant fear of being buried alive entering my mind.
I kick my legs out, finding the same restrictive barrier there. I scoot down, hitting the bottom of wherever I am. I move upwards, finding my hands touching the top of what I’m trapped in. I’m completely enclosed.
My heart pounds painfully in my chest and my breathing becomes more erratic. Yet, now is not the time to panic. I need to get out of here and passing out isn’t going to help me to do that.
I take deep breaths, not allowing myself to fear that I’m taking in too much oxygen, and I might be heading towards suffocation sooner just by taking the few deeper breaths.
Thinking back, I try to remember why I’m here. How did I get here and where exactly is here?
My heartbeat quickens as I immediately remember Logan. Marduke’s brother shot him, and I held him as he bled out in my arms. I can still feel the blood all over me; its warm substance covering my hands and chest as I held him to me. He bled out in my arms and something inside me snapped. 
A strange darkness grew inside of me as I looked down at Logan. I needed so badly to hurt someone—I needed to kill Ival.
I’ve never wanted to kill someone before, but right in that moment, I was ready to kill him with my bare hands. Then Marduke managed to tackle him, managed to free the gun from his hands, and instead of reaching for the gun and shooting Ival, saving both of our lives, he instead grabbed that stupid control and sent me away.
I know he would have thought he was saving my life, but all he did was prolong my misery and allow me to have lost another person I love.
I saw the state Marduke was in—he was hurting badly; he was in severe pain. There is no way he would have been able to fight Ival off once I disappeared into wherever the hell I am. Ival would have killed him within seconds, and now I have no one. I’m completely alone, and no doubt, on my way to Oden.
Sadness and loneliness fill me. Marduke and I’ve shared something special, something I won’t ever be able to share with another person. Something I’ll never want to share with anyone else. He might not have been from Earth, but he showed me more humanity than I’ve seen in a lot of people I’ve met. He saved my life on countless occasions. He protected me and Logan as best as he could. Now I’ve lost not only my parents, my sister, Hank, Lisa and Logan. Now I’ve lost Marduke, too?
Why am I the one that keeps surviving?
Why am I the one who is left behind?
Tears fall freely now, and I allow myself to wallow in my self-pity. I think I deserve it. My sobbing becomes louder, and under my sadness is anger. I’m angry that I’ve been left behind. I’m furious that people I love and care about have been taken from me. 
My hands fist, and I lash out at the darkness, my fists connecting with my enclosed prison. I scream at the injustice that has been done to me, to billions of humans and to my planet. I wallow in my hatred for what has happened to Earth and vow to find justice. I don’t know how I will manage it, however I will die trying. I will avenge all the death, destruction and loss that humans have suffered. I will become whoever the hell I need to be to make a difference.
As my screams begin to quiet, I realise others are screaming, too. I hear crying, yelling and howling.
I’m not alone in here.
Before I can contemplate what that means, a bright light shines through and burns my eyes. I look away, covering my face with my arms. It’s only when voices sound too close to ignore that I take another glance.
The light is still there, but as my eyes adjust to it, I realise that there is no longer anything around me. The barrier I’ve felt earlier is gone. I know I wasn’t going crazy, though. My bloodied knuckles show me I have been hitting something. It’s fresh over the dried blood of Logan’s that is still on me.
I sit up, my back aching and my limbs feeling stiff and sore. I see several people around me, all in similar positions. Many look like they’ve just woken up. There are mostly men around me, many wearing military attire. They look confused, tired and most appear furious. I’d guess there are easily a hundred people in this open area. 
There is nothing here that tells me where we are, though. Apart from the many shelf-like stations along the sides housing people, including me, there is nothing else. The area is narrow. If I reach out, I’d be able to hold hands with the man lying against the opposite wall if he too held out his hand to me. It’s like we’re all sleeping in a thin corridor. There are lights on above, yet I don’t see any bulbs or source where the light is coming from. Everywhere is grey; the walls, the shelves we’re lying on, the ground. It all appears metal and cold, but the air temperature is mild. 
“What the fuck is going on?” a man yells from further down, and I hear a commotion of some sort. A scuffle, maybe even a fight breaking out.
It eventually dies down, and as people get up, stretching out and appearing to be on guard, I decide to do the same.
My anger is still simmering below the surface, but I don’t plan on losing it. First, I need to know what this situation I’ve landed myself in is. Then I will figure out a plan. Maybe I haven’t lost everyone. Maybe I’ll be able to find Hank and Lisa, maybe even my parents and Hannah. I don’t allow myself to hope for that much, though, feeling deep down that I’m in trouble here.
As we all make our way through the narrow walkway, I can’t help but feel herded out. Is that what we are now? Are we cattle waiting to be slaughtered? Goose bumps cover my whole body at that thought, but I don’t voice it.
Many people around me are talking, most seeming to know each other. No doubt, they were taken together. They sound American, and I figure I was just transferred to the same spaceship as them. 
Marduke said they were taking us to Oden. Now, I wonder what our purpose will be there. Is it just to live in prison camps like I’ve feared, or will we be tested on and used as guinea pigs? 
When I finally make my way towards the front of the line, I find a new brightness hitting me, this time from a natural light. The sun is out in full force and my stomach drops when I see not one, but two suns blazing in the sky above.
That isn’t possible.
“Where in the hell are we?” the man next to me mutters, his eyes on the two suns as well.
When I drag my eyes away from the suns, I notice all the other differences. Like the bright red dirt under my shoes, the metallic taste in the air, the almost black clouds in a lightened aqua coloured sky, and in the distance, a forest so green it looks as though it glows. Then I notice several of those machines that have terrorised us on Earth are close to us, although none of them appear to be attacking us now. If anything, they just seem to be watching, perhaps on guard. Fear shoots up seeing them so close, and I automatically reach to my side, looking for my gun that is no longer there. I have no weapons to defend myself with.
“This, my friend, is a place they call Roth, but I consider it a slow, boring hell.” A new man comes up behind us, clapping his hand over the other man’s back.
“Don?” he gasps, quickly embracing the new man. This man is heavily tattooed with huge shoulders, a thick neck, and he has to be at least seven-feet tall.
“I wish you weren’t here, but I’m glad you survived the fight,” Don says.
“Where did you go? I turned away for a second, saw some weird black shadow coming at you, and then you were gone. All of you.”
“We’re all here. Spent a week or so travelling on that stupid spacecraft and then we landed here on Roth. Those fuckers are here,” he nods at the machines, “but so far, they haven’t slaughtered any of us. They’ve managed to brainwash a few people, though. They’ve got humans working for them. They look just like us, but they speak in a fucking strange language and they act weird, like they’re not even human anymore. I don’t know what’s been done to them, but I’d rather die than turn out like them.”
I take in the admission that Marduke’s people are here. The fact that people think they’re human might be a good thing, though. Marduke fooled me for a long time, but if people begin to find out that the aliens who really attacked us are ones that look human, then I’m sure it’ll be no time before we all start turning on each other. 
I shiver at the thought then the rest of what this Don man said sinks in. He spent over a week on a spacecraft? I want to ask him what he means as I try to wrap my head around the words he’s saying. Something nags at me then, and the feeling of dread sits uncomfortably in my stomach as I turn around. 
Gasping at the sight behind me, I realise we’ve all just walked out of a spaceship. And not anything like the rockets we see on TV being sent up into space. This craft is one gigantic spaceship that must be as big as a dozen football fields in width, and most likely, just as huge in length. I also realise that, while we were marched out of the corridor where we woke up, there are also hundreds more like it with other humans stepping out. Hundreds of people have now turned into hundreds of thousands.
“Mattie?” a new voice calls out to me, and I instantly know it. It is one I’ve doubted I’d ever hear again.
“Hank?” I call out his name, afraid that I’ve imagined it.
Then hands grab hold of my arms, spinning me around on the spot. My vision blurs until I come face-to-face with Hank, who looks different. He has dark shadows under his reddened, glazed eyes. His frame already appears thinner, and I know he has lost weight. 
He wraps me in a hug tight enough for me to figure out he still has his strength.
“I’m so glad you’re alive. When I was taken here, I feared the worst for you guys,” he says, still not loosening his grip.
“Is Lisa here?” I look over his shoulder, trying to catch a glimpse of my best friend.
“No, I’m the only one here. I am guessing they’re dead or worse. I’m hoping they aren’t, but…” His voice breaks.
“I’m sorry.” I take a deep breath, not letting my mind go there. Lisa can’t… she has to be alive. I need her to be alive. Marduke told me they’d been taken to Oden. If this isn’t Oden, then maybe they still made it there? Or even to a different planet.
“Where is Logan?” Hank asks, looking over my shoulder.
I shake my head, wiping away a few stray tears that fall. “He’s dead, so is Marduke.” 
I might not have seen Marduke killed, but there is no other outcome that could have happened when he faced his brother. Not only did his brother have a gun, but Marduke used precious energy and time to send me away from him. Instead of readying himself for an attack, he made sure I escaped. That would have cost him, and I’m certain he’s paid with his life.
“I’m sorry, but maybe it was for the best.”
“The best?”
“Yes. They have humans here, but they’ve been brainwashed or something. They speak like Marduke did, sort of jolted English, and they sound just like him. Then there was that guy who was working with those machines, the one who sent me and the girls away. He sounded like Marduke as well. I think they’re taking humans and making them work for them. They must be doing experiments or something.”
I hold my breath, realising how close Hank is to figuring out what Marduke was.
“But Marduke saved my life, he didn’t betray us.” I can’t have his memory soiled like that. Marduke might have been from Oden, but he was a good man. 
“I know. I think he fought it. I think he was so strong they couldn’t change him.” Hank gives me a sad smile. “He was a strong and brave man, Mattie, and I’m sorry you lost him.”
I nod, relieved that he still believes that. Marduke gave his life to save mine, and I won’t ever forget that.
“Listen, we can’t talk once we’ve left here. This place is crowded enough that no one can hear us.” He glances around us, giving me a seriously paranoid vibe, however since he has been here longer than I have, I glance suspiciously around us, too. “I’m part of a group, one that is staging a war on those machines who’ve invaded us, the ones that are now stealing our minds and souls.”
“A war?”
“Yes, we’re going to get the hell off this planet and take Earth back.”
“How?”
“By taking down every fucking alien creature that gets in our way. Are you with us?”
I stare into his eyes, noticing how wild they look. Hank has changed, and I’m not sure if it happened after he lost Lisa and was taken, or if it started the moment the invasion happened.
I already know I’ve changed, though. Just months ago, all I had on my mind was studying, finals and basketball. Those are basically the thoughts that have consumed me my entire life. I was always striving to be better, to be smarter and to make the right decisions. 
Now? Now I want revenge. I have hatred and coldness running through my veins. I’ve had everyone and everything taken away from me. Usually that’d be enough to warrant a person going crazy, or at least, warrant some sympathy, but everyone has lost everything. No one has come out of this unscathed. No one gets the luxury to wallow in self-pity—not for more than a few minutes—because we all have a responsibility now. We all have to fight for our freedom. We don’t have a choice.
“Mattie?”
“I’m in. I want to kill those bastards, and then I want to reclaim Earth and get back home or die trying,” I state confidently.
Hank smiles at me, a sick and twisted smile that gives light to his anger and cruelty that is now living in the depths of his eyes. 
“They made a mistake bringing us here together. As far as we can tell, everyone who has been sent to Roth are people who were fighting back when they were taken. What fighters they didn’t kill, they’ve sent here. I don’t think they know what to do with us. I think they believe, if they place us all here, that we’ll be forgotten. But they’ve made a mistake. They’ve put us all together, and together we will fight and win.”
Men and women surrounding us have stopped to listen to Hank, even though he hasn’t been speaking loudly. I glance around myself, seeing the determination and fight in everyone around us.
Hank is right; everyone is ready to fight for our freedom. I might not be a trained fighter, but I will avenge the deaths of those I love. I will help this cause until it becomes reality.
I will take down Oden, take down Ival, and we will reclaim Earth as our own.
Nothing will stop me from achieving this. 
Earth will be returned to us no matter the sacrifice we have to make to ensure it happens. 
Earth belongs to us.
Acknowledgments

Thank you to my parents, who support me always and have given me every opportunity in life. I wouldn’t be here without them. 
Thank you to my grandparents for being awesome. I get my love of reading from my Nanna and that is the best gift she could ever give me. My Grandad has also offered free modelling of my paperbacks; I’m positive I owe most of my sales to his handsome self! 
My brother has been really cool throughout this experience and I’m honoured that he’s actually reading my books! I’m sure we’ll continue to discuss my stories while ignoring any mention of romance or love that is in them.
Thank you to my good friends: Amy, Amara, Meg, Mel, Carley, Erin, Kate and Christina (H.F.). And my bakery family: Sarah, Danni and Alana. I will always cherish their friendships, words of support and their encouragement.
My editors, as always, have been fantastic. Alizon and Kristin at C&D Editing are brilliant and I recommend them completely. Their impeccable work and excitement in my writing means more to me than they’ll probably ever realise. I know without their encouragement and kind words I wouldn’t be publishing Earth. 
Mel at MGBookcovers is amazing and her eagerness and brilliance for the covers of this series has made this extra special for me. 
Lastly, thank you to every blog who supports Indie authors. Thank you to every reader who has bought an Indie book, left a review, or spoken to a friend (or complete stranger!) and recommended an Indie author. Without the big publishing houses behind us, we rely on your kindness and generosity.  
THANK YOU!


Coming soon!
Book two in the Invasion Trilogy: 
ROTH!
Visit Jessica Frances

Facebook:
https://www.facebook.com/pages/Jessica-Frances-Author

Goodreads:
http://www.goodreads.com/author/show/7236316.Jessica_Frances

Check out Jessica Frances’s Taken Series!
Taken By Surprise
Taken By Force
Taken By Choice

Please leave a review and continue to support Indie authors!
