Earth Reset - The Beginning

By Nick Eager


Copyright 2021 Nick Eager

Smashwords Edition

* * * * *


Table of Contents

Earth Reset - The Beginning
About the Author
Preview of Earth Reset - The Counselor

* * * *


Chapter 1: Saturday

“Nick! Have you started the application update yet?” Rick startled me as he entered my lab at work. I’d been thinking about the worst-case scenario from our upcoming product launch.  Causing destruction is so easy.  The problem has always been how not to be caught.
“No,” I responded as my heartbeat returned to normal. We often talked in code words so that if anyone else overheard us, we wouldn’t sound suspicious. We were part of a small team in the corporate espionage unit of Starfire Technical Products, Inc. or STP for short.  Officially, we were in the product development division, but only my supervisor and a couple close co-workers knew what we really did.  I hadn’t even told my wife.  She thought that I designed drones.
“I was about to send the authentication sequence,” I said.  We’d been planning this project for more than a year.  It would upgrade latent features in several air-conditioning systems throughout the world.  One of STP’s many legitimate products was a large HVAC unit—a good way to sneak hidden equipment into many buildings.
“You should hold off for a second,” he said.
“Why? What’s up?”  We’d been talking for months about how a Saturday morning would be the best time for product launch, and March 19 was the best date.  I’d been thinking about this moment with great anticipation, and I was feeling anxious.
“I got a bulletin about space weather issues,” he said.  I tried to figure out how that was relevant.  We’d talked about making satellite spying systems, but we weren’t ever serious about them.  In fact, that was an entirely different project with no connection to our current objectives.
I stared at him and frowned.  Was he going crazy under the pressure?  I’d been under stress too.  It took a special ability to handle a job like ours.  I decided to humor him.
“Let me guess, the waves from the Sun are going to zap our signal?”
“No, Nick,” Rick said, rolling his eyes.  “We may need to reevaluate our goals.  The National Space Weather Center issued an alert for a major solar flare.”
It didn’t seem like that would change our goals or strategy.  Solar flares often disturbed radio waves in upper latitudes, but we had no project sites in the Arctic.
“What is our risk?”
“It can disrupt electrical systems,” he said.  I was starting to get his point.  The electric power supply might go out.  That would be a big problem if we were right in the middle of our update.  Still, he had mentioned that the event would affect our strategic plan.
“This could just be a timing issue,” I said.  “You said it could change our objectives.  What did you mean?”
“They gave their highest-level warning.  It sounds serious.  Maybe it won’t be necessary for us to complete this mission.”
“Why?”
“Well, running through my head right now is whether or not I should be abandoning work to go home and prepare.  We really don’t know the full consequences of this sort of disaster.”
“Hmm,” I said.  “How long do we have to decide?  It takes time for the product application to update.”
“Also, I need time to get home,” he said.  He lived farther away from work than I did.  He lived in the outermost northwest suburb of Detroit.  My wife and I had a home in a nearby working-class neighborhood.  We’d moved there a long time ago thinking that it would just be our starter home, but then after having kids, we found the school system is one of the better ones in the area, so we stayed.  Since both of us were engineers, we could have afforded a much larger home by now.
Rick was concerned about getting home, but there was no real need to worry.  The traffic would not be bad on a Saturday morning.
“How soon is the solar flare supposed to arrive?” I asked.
“The alert is vague.  It says within 24 hours.”  That didn’t seem bad.
“Can we spend an hour trying to work out a few issues?” I asked.  He shrugged.  “First, do they know more precisely when the flare will get here?  Second, when is our cutoff point for the product update?  Third, what is the expected level of impact from the flare?”
“Okay, I’ll start monitoring the first point,” he said.  I nodded.  He went to his office.
I decided to work at my lab bench on my laptop.  I went over our optimization model for product launch.  I hadn’t looked at the code for several weeks.  I struggled to figure out the shorthand explanation for each of the variables and their predicted results.  I felt rushed, so I didn’t have the patience to concentrate on it.  I forced myself to think.
The notes reminded me that the greatest impact would be if we started it around 11 AM Eastern Standard Time.  It was now just past that time.  However, our model showed that the result would be within one percent of the maximum for at least another couple of hours.  After that, it would be too late in the day in Europe for the continent to experience maximum effect.  We were already past the optimum time for Russia, but we had compromised on that.  I guessed that a small percent of difference in the result wouldn’t be that important.  However, I wished that Lenny was around so I could clarify a couple points.  I didn’t ask him to come in today because we didn’t expect to need him.  Additionally, he was one of the outsiders who contributed to the project without knowing exactly what he was working on.  I didn’t want him hovering around and asking questions now.
I briskly walked to Rick’s office.  No one else was around today.  He was at his computer.  He looked up when he heard me.
“The Center hasn’t issued any revised alerts yet,” he said, “but I found the lab tech’s blog.  He says he is updating his calculations for the travel time of the flare.  I guess the 24-hour time was just a guess.”
“Could it be better or worse?”
“It could go either way.”
“I calculated that we have a few hours before we really need to decide,” I said.  I had made Rick commit to staying only one hour.  “Hopefully, we’ll know enough in another hour to go ahead.”  He nodded.
“Oh,” I said, “One more thing—How long does it take for the upgrade to be complete?”
“Hours?” He shrugged.
“Okay,” I said as I went back to the lab.
Since “upgrade” was a code word, what I really meant was how long we needed uninterrupted electric power afterwards for the processes to complete.  I didn’t think that we ever accurately modeled that factor because we never expected the power to go out.
Modeling social consequences wasn’t my area of expertise, but I was an electrical engineer by training.  I thought Rachelle would know, but I could not call her in a panic.  She’d ask too many questions.  I estimated that it wouldn’t really take too long to update.  It was between 15 minutes to an hour.  The main issue would be the effect in different time zones, but it’d be okay.
It was noon, but I didn’t feel like eating.  We’d wasted an hour and still didn’t know what to do.
I started to wonder if we really needed to go through with this mission.  I suddenly had a very heavy heart.  It was tough being in espionage.  Spending your whole life thinking about how to take advantage of others has negative effects on your health.  Most of the time, I controlled anxiety and depression well, but now I could feel my panic level rising.  Usually, everything I did was carefully considered, but I needed an instant decision about a year’s worth of work from several staff members.  Normally, we planned everything far in advance, but most of the time, it seemed like we were making progress at an intolerably slow rate.  My head started to throb from the pressure.
“I found something interesting,” Rick said as he returned to the lab.  I turned to look at him.
“I looked at the explanation for the warning level, and I found the data they’d posted about their observation,” he said.
“The sensors measured off the scale for the solar event’s size.  It was above X18.”
“That sounds bad,” I said.
“Yes,” he said.  “However, that isn’t uncommon.  Back in 2003, that happened too.  Apparently, they are using old terrestrial weather satellites that have been repurposed for monitoring the Sun.  They weren’t designed to measure large events.”
“Whew.  That makes me feel a lot better.  If we’ve been through this before, then we are worrying about nothing.  I don’t recall anything bad happening in 2003.”
“Yeah, because the flare nearly completely missed us then!  It only happened on one side of the Sun.  That time it was directed mostly away from us.  This one is headed straight for us.”
“Oh,” I said.  I sat speechless for a minute.
“Still, the measurement scale is high enough to know that it’ll be bad,” he said.
I couldn’t think.  This was all new to me.  I didn’t know what to do.  I was Rick’s supervisor, so I needed to decide.  I couldn’t rely on my boss, the company VP, for this.  He left the decisions to me and just monitored progress on our projects.  His only related duty was to find a replacement for me if I died.
“It shouldn’t be long before the tech guy predicts the travel time,” Rick said.  “I’ll stay until he does.”
“Thanks,” I said.
“Yep,” he said as he walked away.
What were the risks of doing the product release today versus not doing it?  There might be another opportunity where the result would be as good.
I opened my computer files again.  I tried to project when the next best day would be.  It took me a while to look at all the options.
The next chance was more than 6 months away, but that was only projected to be 80% as successful.  It would be next year at this time before all the factors would be aligned at peak.  A year is a very long time to wait.  Things could go wrong in the meantime.  We couldn’t hide our equipment forever.
Was there a chance that a solar flare could cause an economic catastrophe?  If it did, then I thought it was irrelevant whether we completed our project.  Our jobs would be redundant.  However, in that case, was there any harm in launching the project anyway?  The whole point of it was to sabotage certain sectors of the economy.  That would allow our corporate long-range strategy to be achieved.  I guessed that it didn’t matter too much what I did in that scenario.  A catastrophe would supersede anything that we had done.
There was one more risk that could affect my decision.  We had designed a sensitive electronic system.  If any unit was damaged by a solar flare, it was possible that we could never complete this project.  It was even possible that some systems could behave in such a way that they would call attention to themselves and our devices would be found.  However, if they had completed their tasks, they would go into a dormant state and would be safe from detection.
The possibility of being found was a major concern and outweighed any other issue that I had.  Considering all of this, I’ve decided we should do go through with the launch.  The time was nearly one o’clock.  The only thing that would change my mind is if the solar flare was going to be here within the next couple of hours.  I got up and briskly walked towards Rick’s office.  He was coming back to meet me.
“The prediction is for 9 PM,” he said.
“That is much quicker than 24 hours,” I said.  “That is more like 12 hours.”
“It is 14.  I didn’t see the initial bulletin.  I emailed you the full revised bulletin so you can see the details.”  We were halfway between each office.  He waved me to his office.
I sat at his desk and read what was on the screen.  Initial effects of the flare will be visible as soon as 7 PM Mountain Standard Time, which is 9 PM Eastern Standard Time, but the main effects should occur closer to midnight.  That left enough time for us to complete our task.
“I think I should go,” Rick said.
“Yes.  I can handle this,” I said.  I got up and walked toward the lab.  I heard his door shut behind me, and his footsteps going the other way.
“Good luck,” I yelled over my shoulder.
“Same to you,” he replied.  I never saw him again.
I wasn’t back to my lab door before my cell phone rang.  It was the special ringtone for weather alerts and civil defense updates.  I had to check it.
I stopped in my tracks.  It was a message from the President.  The message said that people living in northern states should make sure that they have enough food on hand for three days because regional electrical power disruptions were possible.
It seemed that they weren’t taking the solar flare too seriously.  If the only problem was that some people wouldn’t be able to shop for three days, then it wasn’t going to be so bad after all.
I had to think of my family and myself for a moment.  Did we have food on hand to last three days?  We had leftovers in the fridge, but that would spoil.  I couldn’t take a chance on it.  Ann should be done with her PTA luncheon by now.  She worked as an environmental engineer but spent a lot of her free time with her mother and father, and on other random activities.  She could go shopping for us if she wasn’t busy.  She could get there more quickly since I was several miles away and was still involved in resolving a problem.  I dialed her number.
“Yes,” she said.  I could hear talking in the background.  She was still at lunch.
“Hi, it’s me,” I said.  “Did you get the alert too?”  I didn’t remember if her phone was set up for it.
“There was a buzz just a little bit ago,” she said.  “I didn’t look at it yet.”
“The power might go out.  Can you go to the grocery store and get a few days’ worth of food?”
“We are almost done with lunch.  Can I go then?”
“Yes, please soon,” I said.
“Okay, I’ll wrap things up,” she said.
“You should get things that won’t spoil.”
“How much?  If I come out with an overflowing cart, everyone will look at me.”
“Well, the alert recommended three days of food, but I think you should get enough to last a while.  Just get a normal amount.”
“Should I get milk like always, so I don’t look suspicious?”
“No, unless you are worried.”
“Okay.”
“Thanks, bye,” I said.  We hung up.
Did the toned-down alert change any of my plans?  I hadn’t even factored in that there could be a public announcement.  That could change people’s behavior and impact the outcome of the upgrade.  I paced the hall while I thought.
The good thing was that the alert was toned down.  People might go about their days the same as they had beforehand.  Not everyone was a worrier like Ann and I were.
As I paced, I kept coming back to the thought that it was best to go ahead.  I turned back toward the lab.
I went in and sat at my laptop.  I started executing the codes for the upgrade.  I had to verify each system individually.  It took me awhile to confirm that each system had acknowledged the command.  They were all in the midst of their processes.  My work was done.
What did I need to do now?  Did I need anything from my office?  On impulse, I packed my laptop, and an uneaten lunch.  With the weight of the decision off my shoulders, I realized that I was hungry, so I took a few bites of my sandwich.
I could go to the grocery store separately from Ann and get a second set of supplies.  Did we need it?  The official alert wasn’t too concerning; however I knew that in hurricanes they only told people to get three days’ supplies because that was all that was in the store.  Groceries were constantly restocked, and the shelves couldn’t sustain a city for more than a few days.  After that, emergency aid would start to arrive.
What would happen if the disruption lasted much longer?  Fighting with other shoppers over the last loaf of bread would not make much of a difference in the end.  I need to think about what to do if this was longer than announced.
Survivalists who had been living isolated in the woods would do fine if there was a catastrophe.  However, the rest of us didn’t have the time or money to prepare as they did.  I always thought only crazy people planned for the end of the world.  It didn’t seem worth it to center my whole life around something that might happen.  It was better to live a happy life and not be caught up in the paranoia.  Yet, now that something uncertain was happening, their effort seemed to pay off to prepare for the worst-case scenario.
Since I had just a few hours, I would not be able to order materials online that I might need.  I really had no idea what I’d need anyhow.  I could acquire stuff locally, but I needed to know where to start.
I did a web search for survivalist resources.   One hit that seemed most relevant was one person giving directions on how to make a Faraday cage to protect electronics from flares.  I printed that page.
There was so much information, and I’d waste my time reading it.  I really didn’t even know what the most important issues were.  I only had a few hours to figure out a plan.  I could start printing it all, but that would take a long time too.  Knowledge about what to do was more important than wild purchases of things I didn’t need.  It could be a waste of money if the effects of the solar flare turned out to be less than expected.  Instead, I needed an actual book with an overview of what I needed to do.
I thought about the Circle Park Public Library.  It was small but had a variety of books.  I opened a link to the online catalog and did a quick search.  I saw that they had a few books in the survivalist category, which, in the Dewey System, is at 613.69.  I could check one out and then return it if I didn’t need it.
Would my library card still work?  The last time I was in there with my wife, we found that my card had expired, so we used hers to get both of our books.  The librarians said I could renew it, but with Ann with me, it was easier just to get her to just get it for me.  However, I guessed that Ann was still at the grocery store so wouldn’t be much help in this case.  I decided to call the library.
“CP Library,” someone answered.  I explained that I needed to renew my card.
“Do I need to bring any proof of residency?” I asked.
“No, that is only for issuing a card the first time.”
“Okay, I’ll be there in half an hour,” I said.  On my way out, I grabbed my laptop and lunch.  I ate in the car as I drove.
Food was my main concern in a disaster.  I knew a little about wild foods that could be eaten.  For example, I’d learned from my grandfather that you could eat dandelions.  In addition, I knew you could eat some sumac berries, but I didn’t recall where I’d learned that.  If I took the time, I should be able to remember a few other edible foods.
When I was younger, my family went camping a lot.  That knowledge could be an asset now.  If I couldn’t get a good book, did I know enough to survive?  I thought it would take more than dandelions to satisfy an appetite.
I turned on the radio.  The only relevant talk was someone saying there would be a major Aurora Borealis tonight.

Circle Park was a small suburb.  It was only three or four miles wide in each direction.  The town was named after a large park on the southwestern side of town, which was only a block from where I lived.  A walking path encircled four baseball fields.  The park was actually a rectangle-shaped campus with parking, playground equipment, and an elementary school.  Our kids had both gone to the school there except for one year when they were doing renovations on the building.
The library was a half mile east of the park.  The structure was built in the 1960s and hadn’t been improved since.  I’d lived in cities with much better libraries, and I’d spent a lot of time in them throughout college to get my bachelor’s and master’s degrees.  I missed larger libraries that you could get lost in.  Ours was mostly fiction books, but I knew it had what I was looking for today.
Upon arrival, the first thing I did was go to the section with the books I wanted.  I’d hate for someone else to come in and take them all while I was trying to renew my card.
I looked at the table of contents in the one that I grabbed.  It was a book for scouts.  It had rope tying and other crafts.  I put that one back.  The second one was mostly a nature book that talked about food available in forests.  How was that relevant?  There were no forests nearby except for a few stands of trees in some larger parks.  The third one was “Guide to Urban Survival.”  The chapters were about shelter, water, food, and health.  They all seemed like things I’d be interested in, so I decided to take that one.  I could take them all, but then that wouldn’t be fair to anyone coming after me.  In addition, the librarian might think I was crazy for taking them all.  I walked toward the front.  At the last second, I pulled a random fiction book off the shelf so that it would look like I wasn’t focused too much on Armageddon.  As I got close to the counter, I saw there were three librarians working.
“Hi,” I said, “I called about renewing my library card.”  I put my books face down on the counter and got out my wallet.  I showed one of the librarians my old card.
“Yes, that is one of the old ones.  It doesn’t work with our new system,” she said.  “You just need to fill out this form.”  She got a paper from below and handed it to me along with a pencil.  I stood to the side to work on it.
After I gave it back to her, she typed a minute, printed something, and went to the back to get a card.  Finally, I had my new card.
“I’m ready to check out,” I said.  I pushed the books forward.  She didn’t look at them but went through the motions to process them.  After I checked out the books, I drove home.

Ann’s car wasn’t in the garage.  I parked and went inside.  My daughter was in her room, but I didn’t see my son.
“Lily, did mom come home yet?” I asked through her door.
“No.”
“Is Frank out playing with Ethan?”
“Yes.”
“Thanks,” I said.  Frank’s best friend lived on the street behind us.  He was always over at his house.
I went back to the kitchen.  Lily wouldn’t necessarily have heard Ann unpack groceries, but it didn’t look like she had been here and then gone out again.  The cabinet wasn’t full, and the pile of used grocery bags wasn’t any larger than before.
I thought about calling her to see what was going on, but then I heard her car in the driveway.  I still had my shoes on, so I went out to help her carry in the bags.
“Hello,” I said.
“Hello,” she replied.
“You are just getting home?”
“Yes, it was a mad house.”  She rolled her eyes.
“Was it?”  I grabbed a couple bags and followed her in with them.
“First, I couldn’t even get into the parking lot.  I had to park a block away.  Then I got the only cart left.  It had a stuck wheel, so I had to lift up one corner of it as I shopped.  I could have waited for someone to come out, but you’d scared me into rushing there.”
“Oh, I’m sorry,” I said.  “Was it packed inside too?”  I hated shopping when a lot of people where there.
“You couldn’t even go down the aisles without bumping into everyone.  I probably would have been faster without a cart.”  We set down the bags and walked back outside.
“…but then you wouldn’t have gotten as many groceries,” I said.  She had a normal amount for about a week.
“I might have gotten home sooner.  The self-scan lines were shorter.  I stood in line for an hour.”
“Wow,” I said.  “Thanks for doing this.”
“After all this effort, I hope we need it,” she said.  I laughed.
“I hope we don’t,” I said.  Now that we were prepared, I didn’t want to get her too excited about what was expected.  She worried a lot as I did, but I felt it became too much for her sometimes.
“I guess we’ll eat it all eventually either way.  However, pulling that cart one block and then back to the store was draining,” she said.  I nodded.  I thought about giving her a back rub later in case her muscles were sore.  It would also be a way to apologize for making her do this.  We finished unloading the groceries and started packing things into the cupboards.
“Seriously, mayonnaise?” I asked.  She’d bought a large bottle.
“Yes, we can’t have plain tuna.”
“Tuna is good, because we can open what we need, but once the mayo is open and the power is out, what do we do with it?”  Ann frowned at me.
“You call me and tell me rush out, but you really don’t tell me why or what to get.  What did you expect to happen?”  Her voice was raised.  It could be the start of a fight, but I’d learned how to end them.
“Sorry,” I said.  I turned and put away the last couple of items.
“What shall we have for supper?” I asked, changing the subject.
“Leftovers?”
“Yes, that would be great to get them out of the fridge.  We should save the new stuff until we need it.”
“Is the food going to go bad if the power goes out?” she asked.  She knew the answer.  That was her way of suggesting that I do something about it.
In the summertime, we often lose power.  We’d been through this issue before.  To store food, we had a large camping cooler that I could pack with ice.
“I looked at the alert while standing in line,” she said.  “It’s too bad we don’t have solar panels.”
“What do you mean?”
“Well, if the Sun is extra powerful, the panels could save up enough energy from that to run the refrigerator for weeks.”  I laughed as if she’d told a good joke.  I didn’t know if she really thought that was a good idea, or if she was trying to be funny.  I gave her the benefit of the doubt.  I was the electrical engineer among us and knew that the panels didn’t work that way.  She was an engineer too, but despite that, I sometimes really wondered about things she suggested.
I looked at my watch.  The kids would be hungry before long.
“You will make supper if I work on the ice?” I asked.
“Yes.”
It had been a cool month.  The winter had started mild, and then became cold in January and February.  It may have averaged to a normal winter, but the ground was still cold.  We could just set out the cooler in the shade and it would keep the milk cold.  However, if I did that, Ann would worry that animals would get our milk.  Instead, I’d put the cooler on the back porch.
The grocery stores sold ice, but there was no way I was going there.  Instead, I went to the nearest gas station.  They had an ice chest outside.  I went in and gave the attendant a couple dollars for a bag.  I eyed the food they had for sale, but candy wasn’t the sort of stuff we needed.  I got the ice and put it in my trunk.  While there, I filled up on gas.
I would pack the cooler after supper, but to keep the ice frozen I got the large container out of the garage attic.
I put the library book under my end table.  I didn’t want the kids to see it and ask questions that I couldn’t answer.  There was no reason to worry about it unless it became necessary.  I felt that we were prepared.  Now it was time to just wait and see.

We all sat at the kitchen table for supper.  First, I asked each person about their day.  Lily is 16 years old, and she is the top student in all her classes.  She is in Advanced Placement Chemistry in high school, and it is her junior year.  She loved chemistry and often talked about it.  In the last year, she had started mentioning that she wanted to go to college to study chemistry.
Frank is 12 years old.  His major interests are video games and basketball.  He is a good student too, but he wasn’t always concerned about doing homework.  Sometimes I played basketball with him.
During supper, Lily told us about what she was learning.  Frank didn’t say much about his day, so we asked him about it more.  It was a usual day for him–much different than my day.
“There might be a light show tonight,” I said.  “We might see the Northern Lights.  Maybe it will be like fireworks.  Does anyone want to see it?”
“No,” said Lily immediately.
“If my friends are out,” Frank said.
Our family didn’t go to fireworks shows.  When the kids were young, they were scared by the loud noises.  Even now, whenever there was a show in the park a block away, we’d shut our windows.
In general, it was difficult to get the kids to try new things.  They hesitated to agree to anything where there was any uncertainty about what would happen.  A solar flare was a big unknown that had unsettled me.  I wasn’t much different from them.
Recently, Frank had been more game to try more things that were challenging.  His friends were daredevils and he’d follow along with whatever they did.
“It will be sometime after dark,” I said.  I wasn’t worried about keeping the kids up late since it was a weekend.  If tomorrow were a school day, then I’d want them to be in bed early on the chance the power was still on in the morning and school would be held.
“I’ve never seen them myself,” I said.  For the time that I’ve lived here, I’ve only heard once where the aurora was to come this far south.  When I was younger, I woke up in the middle of the night a couple times to watch meteor showers.  However, there hadn’t been an aurora recently.  It could be a good one to see this time.  In a week, I’d laugh that I had been stressed out about it.
“Are you seeing your mom and dad tonight?” I asked Ann after we’d excused the kids.
“I’d been thinking about it, but then I’d be stuck inside the whole evening.”  Her parents were in a rest home.  When Ann moved to town to marry me, no one was left back home to care for her parents.  After a few years, we moved them into a condominium nearby so she could watch over them.  Finally, a year or so ago we put them in the home.
Her parents were both in their 80’s.  Her mother was showing the worst of the aging.  She rarely spoke anymore because of senility.  Her father had never lived without a wife or mother cooking for him and he was very absentminded now.  Ann’s brother was much older and lived across the country.  We never talked with him, and he hadn’t been to town to see his parents since they’d moved.  An exchange of Christmas cards was the only reminder that he existed.

* * * *


Chapter 2: Saturday Evening

After supper, I packed the cooler with a few things from the refrigerator.  Then I turned on the TV news.
I had on headphones so that I could listen to the TV privately.  Usually, the kids would complain that the sound distracted them from doing homework or from reading, so using the headphones made life more peaceful for all of us.
The news covered the solar flare by interviewing people at the grocery stores about the sudden commotion it was causing, but the story did not detail any important information.  The other news channels were the same.
“There is not much left on the shelves,” said Becky.  “I don’t know how many days I can live on pie filling.”
“Do you feel the people shopping before you were hoarding supplies?” the correspondent asked.
“Yes, they must have been.”  Ann hadn’t hoarded.  She got more than three days of food, but not much more.
Our family was well enough off that there was no excuse to not already have had food stocked up.  We mostly went through the same food every week.  The items that we ate could have been easily stored down in the basement.  Depending on the expiration dates, we could have had months of food down there.  If we’d done that, we wouldn’t have been scrounging along with everyone else at the store.
Next, the TV had a segment about how a few airline flights over the poles had been cancelled.  They said the radiation levels were much higher there to begin with and increased even more during larger solar flares.  In addition, astronauts were attempting to shield themselves from higher X-ray exposures.
Next, they interviewed a woman who had an elderly mother on oxygen.  The mother suffered from heart disease.  They were concerned that if the power went out, the mother’s equipment wouldn’t work.
I decided to read the info that I’d printed on Faraday cages while I had one ear listening in the headphones.  Eventually, the news gave a teaser that there would be a special broadcast at 7 PM when an expert would be at the TV studios.
We had many electronics.  I’d brought home my work laptop.  We had two other computers and a few tablets, phones, and random small devices.  I wouldn’t worry if I had to replace our printer, but it would be convenient to have a working phone tomorrow.  In total, there wasn’t too much to protect.
A Faraday cage is a protective shell for electromagnetic (EM) waves.  It is often a mesh of conductive metal that is grounded.  The size of the mesh depends upon the type of wave it’s protecting against.  A solid metal container, like a trashcan, would protect from all wavelengths.  The document talked about waves coming from EM pulses that could be the result of a nuclear attack.  However, it did mention solar flares, and that is why I got the hit from my search.  The electronic devices should be insulated from touching the surface of the cage because the metal would have strong currents going through it.
I didn’t have a metal trashcan, but I thought that a cardboard box wrapped in aluminum foil would have the same effect electrically.  I got up and found a box on the back porch.  The one I got would be large enough for our devices.
Faraday cages needed to be connected to ground.  I had a few electrical supplies at home since I’d rewired our house.  I didn’t have a coded grounding wire, but I did have a few pieces of other wire.  My options for grounding were to bury a length of wire into the ground, or I could connect my Faraday box to the household electrical grounding.  I’d done the household rewiring myself because I thought that the original wires were very amateurishly installed.  I could trust the work that I’d done, but I wouldn’t trust anything that was installed before us.
To ground a wire, you needed to stick it far enough into the soil so that any electrical currents that develop could flow right into the Earth.  There were calculations that could be done to figure that out, and it depended upon the amperage expected, the soil type, and whether the ground was wet.  Wet soil was the best.
It hadn’t rained recently, but the soil is often very wet here throughout winter.  I wondered if it was still frozen.  That would make it harder for me to dig a hole, but I thought that freezing shouldn’t change the conductivity very much.  I ran out and stepped on the grass.  It was spongy, so it wasn’t frozen anymore, or at least not at the surface.
I went back inside and got out my longest segment of thick wire.  I only had 4 feet remaining, but that was about right.  However, that would be a very deep hole to dig.
Then I had an idea that I could hammer in a metal stake.  I think that is what electricians did anyhow.  I knew that we had a long rod of steel in the garage, so I went back outside to find it.  I turned on the garage light since it was a little dark in there.  The rod was three feet long.
I could drive in the rod with a hammer.  In fact, I had a sledgehammer.  I went around the front of my car and pulled it out.
Now I only needed to decide where to put my box.  I would tape on the aluminum foil.  If it rained, my box might come apart, but I didn’t think rain was expected.  Just in case, I could put the box under an eave, but place my stake a few feet away and connect them together with my wire.  I picked a spot and crouched as I started hammering.
As I was about done driving the stake, I looked at the garage.  Did I need to ground both cars too?  All cars had electronics in them, but one of them was a hybrid, so it might be especially vulnerable.  I might have enough wire if I backed them out of the garage.
Were there any other options?  I looked above the garage to the powerlines running along the back of the property.  Did they have grounding?  I fully stood up and put down the hammer.  I walked around the back to the pole and saw that from the transformer, a wire came down the side of the pole into the ground.  I could connect to their wire if I drilled a hole through the back wall of the garage.  Then the body of the car might be like a Faraday cage for protecting the internal electronics.
It was so much to do in a short time.  I wanted to protect at least one car so we could drive to get food.   I thought that was more important than having our cell phones and video games protected.
How much time did I have?  I looked at my watch and saw it was 7 PM, so I went back inside to watch the news.  I could make the cardboard contraption while I listened.  Three women were on the screen: an interviewer, an expert, and an electrical utility company representative.
“Professor,” said the interviewer, “how bad is it going to be?”
“We really don’t have accurate models for predicting the effects of a solar flare,” the professor replied.
“We are expecting local disruptions of power,” said the utility rep.
“It could be on a wider scale,” the professor said.  “All of Quebec lost power in a previous solar event that was relatively small.  This will certainly be much more powerful.”
“Does the flare just strike the side facing the Sun?” asked the interviewer.
“No,” said the professor.  “The magnetic behavior of the whole planet changes, but of course some areas might see more effects.  Generally, it is worse farther north.  The aurorae are due to the magnetic field lines being blown out of alignment due to the solar wind.”
“The Quebec overload happened because of one faulty system,” said the utility rep.  “We have learned from that.  All the power plants are protected now.  They will automatically shut down if the interference gets too high.  Also, we now have electronic controls that can shut down individual circuits in the distribution system.”
As an electrical engineer, I tended to accept the rationale of the utility rep.  Solar flares could cause problems, but they were ready for them.
“How long will this last?” asked the interviewer.
“Depending on the strength of the flare, it will disrupt the Earth for hours or days,” said the professor.  “There are many different effects.  For example, radio waves may have interference.”
“Television broadcast bands too?” asked the interviewer.
“Possibly,” said the professor.  She didn’t sound too sure.  “Also, I want to mention that often there are clusters of solar flares.  It is very common for several to occur one right after another.  We may have other events after the first one.”
“Like aftershocks,” said the interviewer.
“Yes,” said the professor.
“How many people are going to see the Northern Lights?” ask the interviewer.
“Possibly most of the people on Earth,” said the professor.  “In the South, they’d see the Aurora Australis.”
“This must be a one in a million event.  How do you plan for that?” asked the interviewer.
“The civil codes do not require us to be prepared, but it has been our corporate responsibility to maintain cost effective and reliable electricity,” said the utility rep.  We had blackouts every year.  I didn’t think they were doing such a great job.
“This event is not rare,” said the professor.  “We’ve been lucky already not to have been hit previously by strong flares.”
“Professor, we have received questions from viewers during the broadcast,” the interviewer said.  “Some people want to know if they should protect their electronic devices.”
“No, the wavelengths in the plasma don’t match those in-home systems.  The biggest potential issue is electrical wires that are several miles long.  In addition, currents can develop in the earth, so grounding might increase the risk to appliances.  I recommend just unplugging everything in your house.”
I felt like I’d wasted my time.  The Faraday cage that I’d made could actually harm my devices.  I should have been doing other things to increase our survival chances.  I didn’t have clear information, and I’d been making bad choices.  I thought back to my decision at work today.  Was our project still necessary?  It exposed us to several risks.  But there was no point in second-guessing that now.
I threw down my half-completed box.  If the utility representative was right, then everything would be fine.  The utilities were ready.  The TV show switched back to interviews of random people, so I turned it off.  At least I hadn’t drilled any holes in my garage yet.
I went around unplugging everything.  Frank was gone again, but Lily was studying in her room using her laptop.  I told her to unplug it by 9 PM.  As I was walking back through the kitchen, I noticed that a tablet was plugged in again.  Ann was in the hall.
“Ann, did you plug this back in?”
“It needs charging.”
“I’m trying to make sure that the solar flare doesn’t zap it.”
“Don’t you think it should be charged up so we can use it if the power goes out?”
“Okay,” I said, “you can leave it plugged in if you promise to unplug it once it is charged.”  She nodded.

At almost 9 PM, I got my coat on and went outside.  The temperature was in the 40s.  I went to get the lawn chairs that were still in the garage from winter.  I looked up at the sky and saw that it looked normal.  There were a few clouds, but it was dark.  Streetlights from the city made the stars appear fainter than if we were in the country.  It’d be a better show farther away from home, but then we’d be standing in the middle of a field or on a road, and we’d have to drive back home late.
Since it was cool and I would be sitting for a long time, I thought a blanket would make me more comfortable.  I went back in and got one.
The tablet was still charging, so I unplugged it again.  I thought of throwing the cable behind some clutter so no one could try to plug it back in.  However, we rarely used that device for anything but games.  If it was broken, then it wouldn’t be such a big loss.  It’d be the fault of whoever charged it again, and they’d be the one who couldn’t play with it.  I didn’t hide the cable.
A few other people were outside.  Our neighbors across the street always sat out on their porch watching thunderstorms.  They were out this time too.  In addition, a few families down the block were out.
I sat in one of the chairs and leaned back.  If I squinted, then looked above the streetlights, I thought I saw a faint red streak.
“Anything yet?” asked Ann at the door.
“Not much.”  The red streak was on a cloud as if it was illuminated from above.  The last light of a sunset was similar except I think the color was on the bottom in that situation.
It would be a long cold evening sitting here the whole time, and it was late for Frank to be out.  I thought that I should go make sure that he was being supervised, so I got up.  The first house to the west was where Wilbur Vreeland had lived.  He’d passed away only a couple months before.  There was a For Sale sign in his front yard, and I’d seen his kids periodically coming by to sort through his belongings.  Wilbur was a retired autoworker.  I had talked to him occasionally, but he had been inside more recently as his cancer got worse.  He’d grown up on a farm and moved here for the work.
The second house was the Ramirez family, and they were all outside.  The shortcut Frank took to his friend’s house was to jump over the fence behind the Ramirez home.  I waved as I went past them. Across from them was another family that was out, the MacDonald’s, but they were too far away to wave.  I thought they wouldn’t see me in the dark anyhow.  I’d come back and talk to them later.
I got to the end of the block and turned north on Linwood.  It was a normal Saturday night and cars were going down the road.  I thought of my work project briefly.  It was good to see that most people were going about their day normally because of how it could affect my product launch.
These two blocks were relatively isolated from the rest of the town.  To the north was the large park.  To the east and south was a train track that angled and then cut across Linwood.  To the west was Linwood, which was a major road, and there were some gas stations on the other side in the city of Raleigh.  Except that the best grocery store was in Raleigh, I wouldn’t have many reasons to go there.  It consisted mostly of lower-class housing.
As I reached Cass, I could see kids at the front of the Shoemaker house.  It was too dark to see if any of them was Frank.
I hoped Ted wasn’t around.  I could carry a conversation with Ben who was Ethan’s father, but often his buddy Ted was there too.  Ben and I disagreed about politics, so we talked about other things.  However, Ted was a thug.  He wasn’t concerned about being polite, but he took every opportunity to make my life hard.
I could see clearly that the kids in the front were teen girls.  Patty and a couple of her friends were out.  She was Ethan’s older sister.  Their mother, Betty was talking to the girls.
“Hi,” I said.  “I’m just checking on Frank.”
“They’re all in the back,” Betty said.
I could hear some people playing basketball.  They had a hoop on their garage, but it was dark.  I got to the back.  Frank, Ethan, and two other boys were playing.  I used to know the names of all his friends.
Ben and Ted were in the garage looking at something.  I thought of turning and leaving, but Ben saw me and waved.  I went around the boys playing.
“I don’t think it will get that bad, but if you want to borrow it, I won’t mind,” said Ben to Ted.  They were in Ben’s camping supplies.  Ted held a small propane heater.
“Being prepared is my plan,” Ted said.
“Know how to use it?”  Ben asked.
“Shouldn’t be hard, but I bet Nick the prick couldn’t figure it out even with his fancy engineering degrees,” Ted said.  I glanced away and kept quiet.  My family had camped every year when I was young, but dad had handled all of it.
“Nick,” said Ben, “we are going to have a bonfire.  Do you want to join us?”  They had a bowl-shaped metal pan for fires.
“No,” I said.  “I was just checking that Frank was here.  He can stay out a few hours.”
“The boys like the fire,” said Ben.  I nodded.  I wasn’t going to say much for Ted to pick on.
“Have you seen the sky?” Ben asked.
We stepped out into the basketball court.  The sky had gotten redder.  I could see it without squinting, but it was still less of a show than a sunset.
“Well, Ann is probably sitting alone and waiting for me,” I said.  “See you later.”  I walked back on the driveway.  Joshua MacDonald was just coming to join the basketball game.  His younger brothers had different interests than him, so he often played with Frank and Ethan.  I’d known him for years.  I waved, but in the dark, he didn’t see.
Ann would be fine alone.  I thought she wouldn’t even be outside since it was cold.  I’d stop and talk to the other neighbors before returning.

Mateo Ramirez, Jennifer, and their young kids Isabella and Diego had only lived on Trumbull for a year.  He was an autoworker like our common neighbor Wilbur had been.  Despite being in the metro Detroit area, there weren’t a huge number of autoworkers, so it was odd to have two living next to each other.
Diego was running around their front yard.  He was a wild four-year-old.  I had never talked with him because he was never in one place long enough to say “Hi.”
Mateo was in his mid-thirties and we talked a lot about kids and work.  They had been having financial issues despite his job and his wife’s job as a nurse.  Once we’d compared salaries, and I found I was paid three times what he was.  We joked that he should come to me for a loan.
“Hello,” I said when I approached.
“Beautiful night,” he said.  “One in a million.”
“It’s not bad, but kind of cold.  Did Jen and Isabella see the sky?”
“Yes.  They went back in.”
“It isn’t much to see so far.  I hope it doesn’t turn out to be lame,” I said.  He smiled.  We stood silently a moment.
“Well, Jennifer is expecting again,” Mateo said.
“Oh, really?  Congratulations.”  Jen was a little overweight, but not obese.  It would be hard to tell how far along she was if I saw her.  “When are you expecting?”  Mateo was distracted.
“Diego,” he yelled.  “Not in the street.”  He turned to me.  “July.  Three kids are enough.”  I nodded.
“Two is plenty for Ann and me,” I said.
“We’d tried a few times, but Jen has trouble staying pregnant.”
“Oh, I’m sorry,” I said.
“After this, I’m going to get fixed.”
“I had a vasectomy after Frank,” I said.  “It was a lot more painful than I thought it would be.”
He grimaced. “You are not making me feel very enthusiastic about it.”
“We did it in his office because it was fastest that way, but I think he would have put me under if we’d done it at the hospital.”
“Oh,” he said.
“Mateo,” yelled Jen from inside their house.
“What?” he yelled back.  Previously, I’d heard them yell at each other a lot.
“Did you stop and get the meat?”
“No, the store was busy.”
“Well, what are we going to eat?”  She was very upset.
“I’ll find something,” he said as he went to the door.  “Diego, come in.”  The child didn’t obey, so Mateo chased him.  I thought it was late to be making supper, but they were both shift workers and that disrupted lives.  Their kids usually went to bed each night after I did.  Mateo grabbed his son and took him in.
I looked up. The sky was more interesting now.  It looked like green snakes had crawled across the sky.  Each one appeared to have a shimmering green snow falling below them, but the glitter never reached the ground.
I wanted to make sure that my family had seen it, so I walked back home.  Ann was inside looking at the newspaper.
“Have you seen it?” I asked.  “It is more colorful.”
“Should you take the milk now and put it on the porch?”  Ann asked.
“No, it will be fine until the morning,” I said.  She nodded and then went outside.  I went to find my daughter.  She was reading a book in her room.
“Lily, you should come out and see this,” I said. It took encouragement to get her to try new things.
“No.”
“It’s something that years from now, you can say that you saw.  It would be a shame to miss it.  It isn’t much different than a sunset.”  I tried to make it sound not too upsetting.
“If it isn’t any different, why should I see it?”
“Just come for one minute.”  I stood at her door showing I wouldn’t leave until she came.
“Fine,” she said.  She got up and walked past me.  I followed her.  She didn’t put on her coat but went out the front door.  I was barely to the door when she was coming back in.
“You saw it?” I asked.
“Yes.”  I didn’t try to stop her.
“Thank you,” I said.
“It is really nice,” Ann said.
“Yes.”
“Did you dust off the chairs?” she asked.
“No.”
She went back in to get an old towel and a blanket and then came back out.  She wiped the chairs with the towel then we sat wrapped up.  We watched the sky quietly for a while.
“Too bad it isn’t Halloween,” she said.  “The eerie green glow would add to the atmosphere.”
“Shall we dress up in costumes?” I asked.  She laughed.  A minute later, a neighbor couple walked past.
“What is going on tonight?” asked Mr. Ahmed.  I didn’t know their first names.  We got up to talk to them.
“You didn’t see the news?” asked Ann.
“No,” said Mrs. Ahmed.  Ann explained what she knew.  I didn’t add any detail or correct her because I didn’t want to scare them or her.  If they hadn’t bought any extra food, they didn’t need me to make them feel bad about how unprepared they were.  After a few minutes, they walked onward down the block.
The sky was getting brighter.  It wasn’t as colorful as before, but it was interesting because it seemed like it was becoming morning.  I saw Jason MacDonald out with his two youngest sons.  Jason was my closest neighborhood friend because years ago Frank and Joshua had been best friends.  I spent a lot of time supervising the kids playing, and he had too sometimes.
Jason had been separated from his wife, Kim, for a few months.  He moved out but was often at their house picking up his kids.  That meant that I rarely interacted with him now, except to wave.
“I’m going to go talk to Jason,” I said to Ann.
“It’s cold,” she said as got up.
“Dude,” I said.  “I haven’t seen you for a while.”  His sons, Matthew and Noah, kicked a ball around the lawn.  Noah was young enough to be friends with Diego, but I’d never seen them play together.
“Yes, sorry,” he said.  “I’ve been busy with church.”  He and Kim had always been active in their church.  Jonesville Church was a couple miles south in another town.  It was more radical than Ann and I cared for.  We went to church in the city.  Luckily, Jason had never said anything about his church except that we were invited there.
“Are you hanging around tonight?” I asked.
“Kim is out with her girlfriends.  I’m the babysitter.  It is a lot easier having them here than my apartment.”
“Are you settled in?”
“Yes, but things are different.”  We talked for a while about work.  I always talked about people rather than the things that I was working on.  It was getting bright enough outside that I thought I could read by the light.
Noah went inside while saying he needed a drink of water.  He came back out a minute later.
“The light won’t turn off,” Noah said.
“Is it the sky that is making it bright inside?” Jason asked.
“No, it is the light,” Noah said.  Jason went in and I looked through the front window.  Repeatedly, they turned on their living room light switch, and then flipped it off, but the bulb was still partly illuminated.  They had fluorescent bulbs that ghosted for a while after turning off, but these continued flickering.
“Nick, do you know what is going on?”  Jason asked through the window.  I went in the front door.
“There is still electricity in them.  It must be current coming from the ground wire.”
“Will it harm the bulbs?  Should we turn off the circuit breaker?”
“Florescent bulbs are finicky, but they might burn out.  However, I don’t know if the circuit breaker has any effect on grounding wires.  Actually, it can’t because that would compromise safety.”
“I’ll just unscrew them all,” Jason said.  Noah wanted to help.
“Kim is going to think that you pranked her,” I said.  Jason laughed.  “Maybe I should check my own home.”  We had LED bulbs, and they were more durable, but still, I could double check that the tablets and other devices were unplugged.  I went toward my house.
I was halfway across the street when I heard a loud pop.  Green sparks were coming from behind Wilbur’s house.  What was going on?  My heart raced and I ran between our homes until I could see more clearly.  The transformer on the pole at the back of his house was shooting lightning bolts in all directions.
I worried if Frank was safe.  The Shoemaker house was behind Wilbur’s and over one.  The kids had been in the back yard.
I started running to the end of the block to go around.  What would I do if Frank was hurt?  Would I call an ambulance, drive him to the hospital or resuscitate him?  I should have known not to let him stay out.
At the end of the block, I saw that the transformer was sparking above the sidewalk on Linwood.  It was unsafe to go that way, but thankfully, the wires weren’t down.  I ran into the middle of the road.  No cars were coming at that moment.  I thought I was far enough away from the transformer that it wouldn’t get me.  I only felt the adrenaline in my heart shocking me, not the lightning.  Then I was past it.
As I continued, I saw several other transformers sparking.  I went down Cass.  It was too noisy from the sparks to hear if anyone was yelling in pain, but I imagined that I heard children wailing.  Betty was in the front with her arms around Patty.  The boys had been in the back so I didn’t stop.
At the side of the house were several people.  They were all looking toward the back.  In the dim light, and from the back, I didn’t see Frank.  I panicked.  They were letting him die while they watched.
Then I saw him safe with them.  Thank God.  He was in the middle of the boys.  I thought of going up to him and hugging him, but then decided against it.
“Cool” said Ethan.  He pointed.
“Yeah,” said Yani.  We watched for a few minutes as the sparks died down.  The air started to smell like chemicals.  It wasn’t healthy to breathe it.
The streetlights were out and that made the bright sky more noticeable.  Without the glow of the sparks, I saw that that all the houses were dark except for an odd flicker coming from some homes. I thought it was from the bulbs still ghosting.
Suddenly, there was a brilliant flash from behind me.  It was as bright as day for a fraction of a second.  I saw the shadow of the tree cast onto the side of the house.
“What was that?” asked Ben.
“I don’t know,” I said.
“I can’t see,” said a boy.
“Yani, you can’t see?” asked Ben.
“No,” he said with a whimper.  It sounded like he was going to cry.
“Yani, were you looking south when the flash came?” I asked.
“Yes.”
“Is everything white?” I asked.
“Yes.”
“Give it a few minutes.  It is probably like a photo flash afterimage.”
“Do you want to sit?” asked Ben.
I noticed that Ted wasn’t around anymore.  I was happy at that.
Abruptly, a loud boom interrupted us.  It shook the houses around us.  Someone’s car alarm started blaring as the boom rumbled and echoed around the neighborhood.
“It sounded like it came from the south,” I said.  My ears were ringing.
“Yes,” said Ben.  Several of us looked in that direction.  There seemed to be an orange glow coming from that direction.  The boom was from the flash just before.
“Could it be the nuclear power plant?” asked Ben.  A chill ran down my spine.
“I don’t know,” I said.  “Maybe we can see better down Linwood.”
“Yes.”  We walked that way and the boys followed.  It was much safer now with no transformer sparking, but we still stayed at Cass.
In the distance, southwest along Linwood was a large fireball.  It slowly boiled upward toward the sky.
“It must be very far away,” said Ben.  “How far is the nuclear plant?”
“About 30 miles,” I said.  I thought for a minute.  “It was only a minute or so after we saw the flash that the boom came.  That would mean that the explosion was 12 miles away or maybe a little more.  That was too close for it to be the nuclear plant.”
“Whew,” he said.
“…and I think the plant is straighter south.  The fire looks west a little,” I said.  He nodded.
“I wonder what it was,” he said.
“I don’t know.”  There was a lot of heavy industry around town.
We stood on the sidewalk.  Joshua got out his phone to take a photo of the fire.
“It won’t upload to social media.  There’s no service.”
“The power is out,” I said.  I wanted to reassure the boys and myself.  “I think the power plants are fine.  Someone on the news earlier said that they were prepared for things like this.”
Several cars were still on the road, but fewer than before.  Their headlights were the only illumination nearby. The sky wasn’t as bright as it had been.
The burning transformers had produced a lot of smoke.  The air smelled like acrid chemicals.  Some of the haze from the smoke made it harder to see the fireball.  The light made me think of Yani’s eyes.
“Is Yani okay?”  I asked.  Ben and I walked back.  Frank was concerned for his friend, so he came along.  Yani was with Betty, and he seemed fine.
“Frank,” I said, “mom is probably having a panic attack not knowing where you are.  Let’s go home.”
“Can I come back?”
“We’ll ask her.”  I guessed she’d say “no.”  With the chemical smells, it was better to be inside now.  Frank ran ahead back to his friends at the corner.
“Let’s stay together,” I said, “so we can both check for downed wires.”  He came along with me.  The transformer above Linwood was not sparking, and still no wires had come down, but I walked in an arc around it, going into the street a little.
When we got within sight of our house, Frank ran ahead.  It was dark, but I was sure there were no hazards in his path.  He went in the front door.
I too went in when I got there.  Everyone was in the living room.  Even though it was dark, I could see that Ann had tears in her eyes.  I hope that she’d feel better now that we were back.  I gave her a comforting hug.  Lily was sitting in a tense position on the couch.
“What was the boom?” Ann asked.
“A factory caught fire,” I said.  I didn’t know if that was what really happened, but if I told them that, it could cause everyone to start guessing what other horrible things it could be.  They might come up with their own ideas like nuclear reactors or other bad things.  They were all jittery and didn’t need me to make them more so.  It was better to be confident and positive.
“I bet there will be no school tomorrow,” I said.
“Tomorrow is Sunday,” Lily said.
“Oh, I meant Monday.”  I paused for them to think about it.  “This will probably be one of the longer blackouts that we’ve had.  They need to fix a few things.”  We had the power out for more than two days a few years ago.  “Maybe it won’t be back by Tuesday either.”
Frank was happy that there would be no school because he could play with his friends more.  Lily liked school but wouldn’t mind more time off so she could get ahead with her studies.

* * * *


Chapter 3: Saturday Night

We stayed inside and the smell eventually blew away, so I was less worried about the chemicals.  I watched the sky through the open window shades.  With the streetlights out, the colors were more vibrant.  The kids talked about video games and online television shows.
Most of our power outages had been in the heat of the summer.  The stress of running the air conditioning is what pushed the system beyond capacity.  We could suffer through the heat for a few days.  However, it was still technically winter for a few more minutes.  Tomorrow was spring, but in Michigan, we often ran our heat into May.  The furnace wouldn’t run without electricity.
I’d seen that we were in for a warming trend.  The temperatures were supposed to touch as high as 70 degrees at the end of the week, but they wouldn’t last.  We would certainly have many more cold days ahead.
We had a natural gas oven, but it vented the carbon dioxide into the kitchen.  We could get a little heat out of it, but it wouldn’t be safe unless we had a way of monitoring the carbon dioxide levels.  It’d be fine for cooking like normal, but not heating.
Our back porch had its own heating unit.  I’d never used it because our porch had become like a garage full of junk.  That heater had its own vent to outside.  I was sure that I could get it to work manually.  It was old technology.  The only issue would be that I’d have to find a match to light it.  If electronics controlled the thermostat, I could just reach in and bend the throttle, so it was wide open.  I believed that it had a fan, but the heat would come out without it.  It might take some time, but at least we’d have a warm place to sleep tomorrow.  We’d be fine tonight because it’d take time for the house to cool down.  If it got cold tomorrow, I could start cleaning out the porch and moving the mattresses there.
Could I hijack the household furnace too?  It would be the same as the miniature one on the porch, just bigger.  I thought that there were several problems with that.  First, if I damaged it and then the power came back on, we might have to wait a long time to find someone to fix it or I might have to pay for an expensive replacement.  Second, the furnace would only heat up the air around it.  On a porch, the air would circulate, but without the furnace blower, we’d have to live in the dark corner of the basement.  Could I rig a crank or bicycle chain to the fan?  I thought I could, but that meant we’d have to each spend time sitting there powering it.
It was starting to get darker outside.  The kids had each found flashlights.  I was tired.
“I think the show is done,” I said.  “Shall we get ready for bed?”
Lily went to the restroom and I heard the toilet flush.  Then Frank went in.  A minute later, he came out.
“The toilet is broke,” he said.
“It’s broke?” I asked.  Every few years, the flap would get old and we’d have to replace it.  It was an odd coincidence that it’d happen tonight.
I got up and went to the bathroom.  The toilet wasn’t making any sounds.  I pushed the handle, but nothing happened.  Was the water off?  I opened the sink faucet, but nothing happened.
“The water is off,” I said.
“Oh, great,” said Ann, sounding regretful.
“What’s the matter?” asked Lily, coming back out of her room.  Ann told her.
“We’ve had the water off before,” I said.  “It was a long time ago, and only lasted a day.  The storm must have shocked the pumps.”  I remembered that the toilet got smelly during that time.
“I think she was two or three when that happened.  Frank wasn’t born yet,” Ann said.
“If anyone has to go number two, use the downstairs toilet.”  We had a toilet in the laundry room.  I hoped it wouldn’t stink up the house too much.
“What did we use for drinking water that time?” I asked Ann.
“You bought bottled water,” she said.  I assumed the stores were sold out.  We had a 12 pack in the basement that was left over from some event.  That’d last a day or two.  We might need more water than that.
“They say to drink from your water heater,” Ann said.
“Yes,” I said.  “I need one of your flashlights.”  Ann gave me hers.
I went down the steps and into the furnace room.  The water might be a little rusty, but we could let the red specks settle out.  The spout on the water heater was very low to the floor.  I’d need a garden hose to siphon the water into a bucket.  We didn’t need any right now.
Speaking of siphons, I thought I heard a trickle of water.  I listened carefully, and thought it was coming from around the water heater.  The floor was dry, so it wasn’t leaking.  Water must be coming out of it somehow.  I could go around the house and check the faucets, but I was concerned more that it could be leaving out of the house back through the supply pipe.  I turned that off and the sound stopped.
I was really getting tired.  I woke early every day, even on Saturdays, and it had been a long day.  The adrenaline of the excitement had worn off.  I’d figured that I’d be able to make everything work fine in the morning.  I went upstairs and went to bed.

It was light out when I woke up.  I saw through the window shade that it was sunny outside.  It was Sunday morning and the first day of spring.  I liked Sundays because I could forget about troubles at work, and I enjoyed spring even though there was little to show for it outside yet.
I was certain that we wouldn’t try to go to church today.  It was conceivable that people could gather in the dim light and sing, but our church tended to cancel worship whenever there was a small excuse.  I had plenty of time to work on my new heating project today, so I didn’t have to get up, but I was hungry.
I went to the kitchen and got the milk and juice out of the fridge.  The light didn’t come on when I opened the fridge, so there’d been no miracles in the night.  I ate cereal and untoasted bread with jelly, and then put the cold items away in the coolers.  After I got the heater running, I’d have to move the cooler somewhere else because the heater would warm it there.  I considered whether to put it in our garage.  It was behind the house so it was only slightly inconvenient to have to walk that far.
Ann was up.  She came to the kitchen still in her pajamas.  Having no shower disrupted our routines since we both always showered before eating.
“Did you have your vitamins?” she asked.  They weren’t out.
“Oops,” I said.  I got them out.  I’d already put the juice away.  My water cup was still sitting out from last night and was half-full.  I took my vitamins with it.
“Maybe we should wait for everyone to be up before we open the cooler again,” Ann said.
“Good idea.”
Everyone would want water soon.  I went downstairs to get the pack of bottles.  I didn’t use a flashlight since a dim illumination came through the windows.  Then I took them upstairs and went to change.
My teeth were feeling gritty.  Another ritual was messed up.  How would I brush my teeth?  I could use bottled water, but would it make everyone sick to see my spit in the sink?  Was I going to use bottled water to wash it away?  I very carefully spit right into the drain, and then I used bottled water to rinse.
“Since we need to conserve water, we should be very sparing when brushing,” I said.  I told her what I had done.  Our kids wasted a lot of water.  For years, Lily had taken showers that were half an hour long.  In the last few months, Frank was starting to do it too.
“Can you tell the kids about brushing?” I asked.
“A lot of good that would do,” she said sarcastically.  We’d nagged the kids daily about taking shorter showers and that hadn’t worked.
“What the…?” Ann said to herself.  She was looking out of the back window.  “Is that a stake in the ground?  Are you trying to impale Frank and his friends?”
“That was for last night,” I said, “but I ended up not using it.”
“Do you plan on using it today?”
“No, I’ll take care of it right away.”  That was my number one thing.  I changed my clothes and went out.  It was chilly.
I’d need tools, but the garage opener wouldn’t work without electricity.  I’d have to find the key.  I considered whether I really needed to open it.  Yes, I needed to put the cooler there.  Moreover, I might as well use the big sledgehammer rather than my little one in the toolbox.  I went back in and got the key.
“Ann, it is really cold outside.  Should I put the other food outside too?”
“The animals would be drawn to it.  Also, it is only 9 AM.  It will warm up before long.”
“Okay,” I said and went about my business.
I hit the stake on alternate sides to loosen it.  After a couple minutes, I paused to let my muscles gain strength again.  Smoke was still rising in the southern direction.  It was a thin stream that flattened as it reached a certain height in the sky.  The smoke was the only cloud.  The air didn’t smell bad, but there might have been a faint burning smell, not of chemicals but of wood.  I slammed the stake back and forth until it was loose, and then I pulled it out.
The noise that I’d made had woken the kids.  Ann was setting the table for the three of them.  I got the cold stuff and brought it in for them.
Next, I was going to work on the porch heater.  I went out, moved some junk out of the way, and looked at it.  A decal said it was 7000 BTU.  That was powerful.  It should be enough for the porch in the dead of winter.  On a spring day like this, we might be able to have some of the heat drift through the door to the kitchen.
I looked at what tools I’d need to open it up.  As many bad things that had happened, I thought that I should check one thing first.  I went back inside, turned the gas valve on the oven and listened.  Without electricity, there would be no sparking, but I listened for the streaming of gas.  Nothing happened, and I didn’t smell gas either.  I cursed, but everyone was sitting right there and heard.
“I think the gas is out too,” I said.  Ann came over and sniffed too.
“Yes,” she said.  She went back to eating.  She read one of her books as she ate.  The kids ate fast.
My plans were thwarted.  Instead, I decided to sit down and think about it.
What could I do to heat the house?  I’d gotten a book from the library.  It might have advice about how to heat the home in this situation.  I saw the “Shelter” chapter was first, but I started with the preface.
It said: “Humans are very resourceful.  They live across all parts of the planet.  You can find solutions to survival.”  That made me feel good.
“Your biggest priority is shelter.  You can survive only three hours in a blizzard without shelter, but you can survive three days without water, and three weeks without food.”
I thought that I had the water and food issues covered.  I wanted heat, so I would feel comfortable at home.  I turned to the shelter chapter.
The information was mostly about things that you’d do in a blizzard, or if you were stranded in the wilderness.  I wasn’t stranded in a blizzard, so part of it didn’t apply.  However, there was a section about chopping wood.  Could I make the basement furnace into a fireplace?  No, that would be too problematic.
I decided that I just needed to bundle up.  The house wouldn’t get that cold in a few days, but Ann and the kids wouldn’t like it.  They already complained that the thermostat was always set too low.  I agreed, but I felt we needed to be responsible about stopping pollution.  The morning sun was coming through the east windows, and that might provide a little warmth.
I put the book back down.  I pulled out a magazine and started reading it.  It was a good time to catch up on the pile that had accumulated.

* * * *


Chapter 4 Sunday

I heard a car door close outside.  Jason and his family were in their Sunday morning clothes and going to church.  I imagined that Jason and Kim still went to the same church despite being separated.  Mateo and family rarely went to church, but his car wasn’t on the street, so I guessed that they’d gone too.  They were Catholic.
I also noticed that the Allen’s were loading things into their van.  They lived directly opposite of Mateo.  I wondered what they were doing.  Mr. Allen was putting suitcases in the trunk.  Mrs. Allen was bringing out grocery bags.
In power outages, some people moved to hotels.  Having no electricity, water, or gas was a big reason to go.  However, it might be a very long trip before they would find the type of conveniences they were looking for.  Since the aurora started from the North, only the states south of here could be in better shape.
Looking over their house, I saw the smoke from the explosion again and it bothered me.  I had been telling myself that it couldn’t be the nuclear plant, but if I was wrong, we should have gotten out of here hours ago.  My stomach turned.  I thought the news would be covering the cause of the smoke, but then I caught myself - was there even any way to report the news now?
I got out a small radio and flipped it on.  I moved the dial to try to find a station; however, nothing but static was coming through.  I very carefully moved through the whole band but didn’t hear anything.  The batteries could have been old, but it they were dead the radio wouldn’t have made static.  Just to be sure, I checked their dates.  They were good another two years, and we almost never used the portable radio.  The radio stations must all have damaged equipment.  Their gear had probably all been grounded when it shouldn’t have been.
I thought that I should check a map to see if I could find the nuclear plant’s exact location.  I went downstairs and found the metro map.  I brought it up into the daylight.  The nuclear plant wasn’t labeled, but I remembered where it was along the shore of the lake.  It was directly south of where we lived.  I had been right about that part.  Then, I measured the distance to be about 30 miles away.  It would have taken sound two and a half minutes to travel that far and I was sure that the flash-to-boom delay last night was a minute at most.
What could have exploded?  I looked out the window to judge the angle again.   Then I looked 10 to 12 miles down on the map in that direction.  The rail line was shown to go right through there.  I didn’t know the area, but I bet there was some industry near the tracks.  That didn’t mean that pollution from an industrial park couldn’t be hazardous, but it was far enough away that I wouldn’t worry about it unless it started to come this way and rain down on us.
The Allen’s were leaving.  They pulled out to Linwood and turned left.  I went back to my reading as Ann sat across from me reading as well.

Over the next hour or two, Lily stayed in her room.  Normally she read a lot and did schoolwork, but that was it.  She had school friends and online friends, but never went out.
Frank read for a while then came out and started playing on a tablet.  I had mixed feelings about whether I should let him do it.  Was there any conceivable reason that I’d need the tablet for emergency planning?  All we ever did on it was check email, read the paper, and play games.  None of that would be lifesaving.  Still, I thought to be prudent, we should save the battery.  He could play with his friends, but they typically woke at noon on weekends.
“Frank, you realize that it is going to be a long time until the power comes on.  You might want to save your charge,” I said.
“Oh, well,” he replied as if he didn’t care.  “What else can I do?”
“Are you ready for lunch?” I asked.  I was starting to get hungry.
“What’s for lunch?”
“Peanut butter?” I asked.  He shrugged.  Ann had bought several cans of tuna like I’d suggested, but the kids hated it and would only eat it as a last resort.
“I’ll see what we have,” I said as I got up.  We had a couple loaves of bread.  The cupboard was full of boxes that were half-empty or never used.  We’d gotten so many things that we thought we’d use and then we didn’t.  There were several different types of pasta.  We could eat that tonight if I could figure out a way to cook it.  That was a problem to deal with later.
I was surprised at how much food there was in our house.  With what Ann had bought, I thought we had enough food to last two weeks.  Therefore, we needed to eat first the things that would spoil or go stale like bread.
“Yes, sandwiches for lunch,” I said to Frank.  “Ann, shall I make one for you too?”
“Yes, please.”
I went and knocked on Lily’s door.  She replied that she’d eat later.  Often, she skipped lunch and just had a few crackers when she was hungry.  I made the sandwiches and we sat down.
“Does anyone want milk to drink?” I asked.
“We better save it for breakfast,” Ann said.
I always had an apple with my lunch, but they were in the refrigerator.  I was trying to keep that cool.
“Do you want to split a banana?” I asked.
“Sure, I’ll have a banana split,” replied Ann.  I rolled my eyes at her humor and began peeling.
“How are we going to wash hands?” Ann asked.  I hadn’t even washed my hands after using the bathroom today.  I remembered the water bottles.  I imagined them all being poured down the drain to rinse off suds.  Later I’d get water from the water heater, but that was limited too.
“How about using sanitizer?” asked Ann.
“Yes, we have some in the closet,” I said.  She went to get it. “…unless someone has obviously dirty hands.”  I was thinking of Frank.  “Sanitizer only kills germs.  It doesn’t wash away dirt.”  I made Frank show me his hands.  They were clean.  He must have been reading all morning.
“How are we going to wash the dishes?” she asked.  I shrugged.
“I’m planning on going to check on my parents after I finish,” said Ann.  Ronald was almost ninety and in better shape than Mary.  He had gained weight, had a poor memory, and a bad shoulder among other things.  Mary, however, had Alzheimer’s, and she was in rapid decline.  She was worse off than Ron despite being eight years younger.  When they’d first moved to town into the condominium, she could still drive and carry a conversation.  Now, in the rest home, she didn’t speak, and only ate baby food.  If you gave her anything thicker than that, she’d chew it awhile then spit it out.  Oddly, she’d still sing if she heard a song that she knew well.
The caregivers at the assisted living center did a lot for Ann’s parents, but Ann’s continued presence added a little more quality of life to their day.  She could encourage her parents to get up and walk around, although they went much slower recently since Mary needed a walker.  When tired, she used a wheelchair.
When Ann left, I put the dishes in the sink.  Then I sat in my chair again.  Did my book have any tricks for washing dishes without water?
“Run the dishes through clean sand.  Alternatively, just wipe away food particles.  Studies have shown that people who wash their dishes less are healthier.  Rot is good.  Eating fermented food is beneficial for the health.”
That puzzled me.  Why did we wash dishes if it was bad for us?  I supposed that Ann would throw up at supper if I told her that I hadn’t washed the plates.  I hoped she wouldn’t, but I was certain that she’d argue with me about it.
The kids still had a sand box despite not using it for years.  I could run the plates through that, but I thought that would be even more repulsive to Ann.
Instead, I used a paper towel and wiped the food off, but I didn’t put away the dishes.  I stacked them on the side of the sink just in case the water came back on.
That reminded me to check the water.  No, it was still off.
I went back to my chair again.  I didn’t want to challenge myself too much after the stressful night we’d just had.  I picked up my magazine, but I couldn’t focus.  “Rot is good” stuck in my head.  I kept thinking that the book was talking about my work despite that I knew it wasn’t written for just me.  What sorts of rot were good? I wondered as I dozed off.

Later, after I woke, I felt relieved not to have to check email, read the paper, or watch the news.  Even on normal weekends, I would stay in contact with work and the news of the world.  Today was like a vacation.  However, if I let my mind go too long without some sort of stimulation, it would rot, and that wouldn’t be good for my pay or position.
Lily came by, rushing to the downstairs toilet.  When she came up, I spoke to her.
“I told Frank to save the batteries on the tablet.  We should avoid using the laptop too.”
“There wouldn’t be any videos to watch with the internet down anyhow,” she said.
“Oh, that’s right!” I realized.  She went back to her room with a cup of crackers.  The phones surely weren’t working either.
I felt a little cool.  The sun wasn’t coming through the windows anymore.  In the middle of the day, the Sun was in the south.  Since it was now spring, the Sun was higher.
I looked out.  The house eaves blocked the sunlight from coming in the front windows.  That wasn’t helpful if we were trying to warm up.  I thought in the evening we’d get a little sun again into the house unless it got cloudy.
I saw that Jason was sitting on his front porch.  With him back, and all this extra time to do nothing, I could reconnect with him.  I slowly got up and got on my heavy coat.  I noticed that Frank had left a note that he was playing at Ethan Shoemaker’s house.  I went out and across the street.
“Hello,” I said.  He waved.  I sat down in the other chair.
“Are you doing okay?”  I asked.
“Yes, I just needed to get out of house.  I’m regretting being back here, but it is the best thing for right now.”  Kim picked on him and the kids a lot.  I’d seen him race away angry in his SUV more than once after an argument.
“You have food to eat?” I asked.  They went out daily when he had lived here.  It showed on Kim because she was very overweight.
“We have cereal for the kids on school days,” he said.  I nodded.
“Were you going to church with them earlier when I saw you?”
“Yes.  I had to take them.  Kim barely got home last night.”
“Really?  What happened to her?”
“Nothing except she got lost,” he said.
“She got lost?”
“The GPS didn’t work, and most traffic signals were out.  She was in one of the northern suburbs.  She was in a panic by the time she got home.  Then this morning she was afraid that she couldn’t even find church,” he said.
“Seriously?”
“Well, she wanted me to drive them.  As much as she goes to church, she should know the way.”
“Yes, it isn’t far,” I said.  If people had fully autonomous vehicles, they’d be in trouble.  Their cars might be useless.  “Do you still go to the same place?”
“Yes, but I don’t sit with her.  It’s a big church.”  It wasn’t a mega church, but a large building from the 1960’s.
“We didn’t go to ours today,” I said.  “Were a lot of people there?”
“It was full.  The service was good too.  It was about God watching over us.  He is going to take care of us.”  I nodded.  “It was comforting, and the message was that we should stay and wait it out,” he said.  “It was also interesting to talk to my church friends.  One guy lives farther south.  He told me about the gas pipeline exploding last night.”
“Was that what made the boom?”  I asked.  A natural gas pipeline ran parallel to the rail line.  “Thank God that it didn’t blow up closer to us.”
“Yes, his windows were shattered.”
“Wow…and it is a cold day to be without heat.”
“Luckily, another friend is in construction and he volunteered today to help seal up his house,” he said.  I nodded.
“Jason!” yelled Kim out the door, “what are you going to do about the water?”
“I’m on it,” he said as he got up.
“You know about using the water heater?” I asked.
“Yes,” he said.  He went in and I headed towards home.  As I was walking, I noticed that Mateo wasn’t home from church yet.
I decided to work on water too.  I got a hose from our garage and a bucket from the laundry room.  They were both clean enough.  I had drunk water from a hose when I was a kid.  It wasn’t recommended, but it was better than being thirsty.
The laundry room smelled from the toilet.  I held my nose and that helped.
In the furnace room, I attached the hose.  Then I opened the valve to let out some water.  I brought it upstairs.  That water might taste stale, but we could use it for brushing teeth.

It was 4 PM and I hadn’t seen Ann since lunch.  I’d never checked the phones, so I lifted the receiver on the landline, and it was still dead.  I’d have to trust that she was coming back for supper.
As I was walking around, I still felt cooler.  My warm chair had kept me cozy.  Before thinking about cooking, I opened the window shades on the west side of the house for the afternoon sunlight.  Some light came through with the Sun low in the western sky.  It felt warm on my hand.  Luckily, people could move around during the day to stay in the sunlight if it got too cold.
I touched the window and felt that it was cold.  Conduction through the window was letting heat escape.  Closing the shades would add a little more insulation.  However, on the other hand, if the Sun was shining, there was a net gain of heat by having the shades open.  For the rest of the house, I felt it was best to close the shades to keep the heat in, so I went around and did that.
I looked again at the food options.  I really didn’t want to figure out how to cook noodles today.  We had plenty of other options.  I could throw together different cans of food.  People might not like it, but it was what they’d have to put up with for a while.
I had black beans, vegetables, and sauces.  Should I put tomato sauce over the beans?  No, I’d need that for pasta day.  We once had a kid’s storybook about beans on toast.  I could do that but with untoasted bread, and then put gravy on top with zucchini on the side.  Then we’d have canned fruit for the second course.  That would only take a few minutes, so I decided to wait until Ann returned to make it.
At 5 PM, Frank returned and asked for supper.  I said we were waiting for mom.
At 5:15 PM I heard Ann park her car in the driveway and realized my cooler was taking up a lot of space in the garage.
“Hello,” she said as she came in.
“Is the cooler in the way?”
“What?  No, I’m going back tonight.  It’s hectic there.”
“Are your parents alright?”
“They’re doing okay.”
“Were any of the stores open along the way?” I asked.
“No.  Nothing.”
I told Ann about my plans for supper and she wrinkled her nose at it, but she agreed to try it.  If she didn’t like it, then the kids would surely hate it.  They wouldn’t starve at least.  Sometimes with new foods, we made them try a few bites.  I’d make a normal serving, and if they didn’t eat it all, I could have a little more.  The three of them always drank milk with supper.  That would provide some sustenance.
I made the meal for me and Ann but just left out the ingredients for the kids.  They could put it together whichever way they wanted to do it.
“Shall I get the milk?” Ann said.
“Yes, please.”
“Lily,” I said towards her room, “time to eat.”  When she came out a minute later, Ann pointed at the sanitizer.
“This is what we are eating,” I said.  “It is hard to make pizza with limited equipment.  Mom and I are eating it this way.  You can decide how to eat it.”
“I’m not eating it,” said Frank.
“How much do we have to eat?” asked Lily.
“Yeah,” said Frank.  He knew that they’d have to eat something, or they wouldn’t get a cookie.
“At least half of this,” I said pointing at my plate.
“Can I have more bread and less zucchini?” asked Lily.
“I don’t want any zucchini,” said Frank.  I should have made pasta, but knew they’d appreciate that more after today.
“You have to have at least two bites of zucchini,” I said.  Frank started looking for the two smallest pieces of vegetable remaining.  Lily put the ingredients together the same as Ann and I had, and she managed to eat half a serving.  Frank kept his food separate and ate it all, except for the gravy.  I didn’t make him have any.
I asked each person about his or her day.  Frank and Lily didn’t say much.
“The staff members were having a hard time at the home,” Ann said.
“Then I’m sure they were happy to have you there,” I said.
“On a normal day, the place is like a madhouse,” Ann said.  I smiled at her choice of words.  A long time ago when people got old and lost their minds, their family might place them in an insane asylum or madhouse.
“Was there food and water?” I asked.
“The staff brought around water bottles.  The cook had made sandwiches for lunch.  Dad’s was still sitting out when I got there.  I made him eat it.”
“Did they have food for Mary?”
“She hadn’t been fed, but I got the food from them and fed her when I got there.”
“Good,” I said.
“The biggest problem was keeping mom clean.”  Mary had lost control of her bodily functions.  “She had a mess.”  She wore an adult diaper, but it didn’t always work.
“Oh,” I said.  I tried to sound sympathetic.  “How’d you handle that with no shower?”  The kids started their own conversation about video games.
“I made her stand in the shower as I poured cold water on her from the water bottles and used several wipes.”
“How’d she like that?”
“At first it was hell, but as soon as I’d stop, she’d forget, so not so bad.”
“Was it smelly there?” I asked.
“Of course.”  She wasn’t being kind.  I thought she was tired and stressed.  I ate silently a minute to let her settle down.  I pretended to listen to the kids.  If the subject came up again, I’d ask if the staff was keeping up with taking out the trash.  There would be no way to do laundry.
“Does your mom have enough clothes if no one can do laundry?” I asked.  We’d given away many of their belongings when we moved them from the condominium.
“Yes.  Normally, she has clothes for at least week, but I put her in double layers to keep warm.”
After that, I opened two cans of fruit and then the kids had dessert.  I ate Lily’s leftovers with my fruit.
“Did you wash the lunch dishes?” Ann asked as she looked at the stack of plates.  I often cooked, and then Ann would clean up as I read the newspaper.
“Yes, I wiped them off,” I replied.
Sitting in my chair in the living room, I thought I heard a trickle of water.  I turned my head to try to see where it was coming from.  Ann was still making sounds in the kitchen.  I got up to find out what was going on.  Ann was using water from the bucket to wash the dishes.  She was almost done with the breakfast, lunch, and dinner stacks.
“I don’t think we want to do that,” I said.
“What?” she asked defensively.
“That water has to last a while.  I don’t think that washing dishes is a priority.”  I tried not to raise my voice because I knew it was going to be very easy to get into an argument about this.  But I didn’t need to yell at her for her to become angry with me.  All I had to do was imply that there was a better way to do things.
“We need clean dishes,” she said in a raised voice.  “We’ll run out of them by tomorrow if I don’t wash them.” Her face was flush.
“The library book I got says that wiping them is fine.”
“No,” she said.  “You believe it just because it is written down somewhere?”  I walked away since she was about done anyhow.  I cringed as I heard her pour water a few more times.  Then she grabbed her coat and left.  Typically, I didn’t see her in the evenings anyway.  Even if she spent a night at home, she would read a book or play a word game on the tablet.
I needed to figure out how long the water would last.  We were already two thirds of the way through our water bottles.  I thought the guidebook would be helpful, so I picked it up.
Our water heater held 40 gallons, which is one of the standard sizes.  That was 10 gallons per person for the four of us.  However, some was used to wash dishes.  The guide said that we need half a gallon a day for drinking, but a total of two gallons if you included washing hands and brushing teeth.  That was five days of water if you used it for washing, but twenty days just for drinking.  That wasn’t bad.   Twenty days was a very long time, and I thought that the water should be back on within a week.  But it wouldn’t last very long if we washed dishes.
There was writing about washing teeth with no water.  Of course, you had to spit a lot, and drink water to rehydrate.  I tried it and it worked okay.  I used a tablespoon of water to rinse, and another to clean my brush sparingly.  That saved more water than I’d managed at lunch.
Then I read my magazines again for a little while.  I finished a second one, but I had a stack of several more to go through.  The light usually started to get dim between 7 and 8 PM.  We had many batteries because I’d just gotten a shipment a few weeks beforehand.  However, it seemed wasteful to use a flashlight just to read.
When I was in college, I often ate by candlelight.  However, I read that it was bad for air quality in the room, so I stopped.  We had three decorative candles in the living room, but none that we used.  I got the candles that we used for Halloween.
Frank sometimes had trouble with asthma. Burning candles for light wouldn’t be good him.  There would be one very small benefit though because they produced heat.  I went and got out the candles so I could find them if I decided to use them.  For tonight, as it darkened, I planned to use a flashlight.
There was a short time when I felt that it was still bright enough to read outside, but too dim inside, so I sat on the front porch.  When it got dim, I looked around for a while.  No one was outside.  I saw an occasional car go by on Linwood.  Mateo’s old car wasn’t back yet.  In addition, I thought that I still hadn’t seen a single cloud today.  I started to feel colder, so I came inside.
It’d be cooler tonight in bed.  We already had a few extra blankets sitting around that we hadn’t used since February.  I draped one over our bed.  The kids would handle it themselves if they got cold.
Sometimes I was in bed before Ann returned from visiting her parents.  But tonight, she arrived home before 9 PM.
“You are home early,” I said.
“Yes, when it got dark, dad kept asking why it was dark and whether it was time to go to bed.  Mom kept falling asleep.”  That wasn’t unusual for her.  Ron wouldn’t remember things unless you yelled at him.
“How did you keep them busy?  I didn’t even think of the TV being out.”
“Dad played his video solitaire.  All mom wants to do is sit and hold my hand.”
Ann sat in her chair and read her book with a flashlight.  I held my light in place under my chin, but it wasn’t very comfortable, so I moved it.  Eventually, I got tired of reading and went to bed.

* * * *


Chapter 5: Day 2, Monday

According to my watch, it was 5:30 AM.  It was dark outside, and a bird was happily chirping.  I was wide awake, and after a few minutes of trying to fall back asleep, I was sure that I wouldn’t.
The bed was warm, and air was cool which discouraged me from getting up.  What would I do in the dark anyhow?  Instead, I rolled closer to Ann and put my arm over her.  One thing led to another and we were intimate.  When it was over, I fell asleep for a short while again.
The Sun was coming up, and I opened the shades to let in the heat.  The temperature inside the house had dropped three degrees during the night.  It was still clear skies outside, so that would help with solar heating, although being clear at night meant that there was more radiant heat loss from the ground to the sky.  The window was fogged on the inside.  I touched it and it felt frigid.  A couple hours of morning sun wouldn’t warm the house much.
Ann had already gotten breakfast set up.  Thankfully, the milk felt like it had been keeping cool.  I thought about putting other things from the fridge on the back porch.  Ann was afraid of animals eating our food, but the porch would have been cool enough if I had opened the windows.  I wish that I’d thought of it earlier, but it was too late for most of the things in the refrigerated section by now.  Cooling the porch was the opposite of what I’d been trying to do at the time, so the idea hadn’t come to me.  In addition, I hadn’t expected the weather to be so chilly.
“Shall we wake up the kids?” I asked.
“Why?” she asked.  I scratched my head on that for a minute.
“I plan to go to Mom and Dad’s as soon as I am ready,” she said.  “You can decide what to do about the kids.”  I nodded.
“How late did everyone stay up after I went to bed?”  I asked.
“Not long.”
“Do you know when you will come back?”
“No.”
“You can just call and let me know,” I said, joking.
“Right, or send smoke signals.”
We’d need more water for brushing teeth, so I went downstairs to fill the bucket.  In addition, we’d need it for drinking before long.  The whole basement stunk.
I dipped water out of the bucket and put it into some cups at each of our chairs around the table.  Drinking milk should be enough to satisfy our thirst.  We had a couple of gallons remaining in the cooler.
Once Ann was gone, I opened the doors to the kids’ rooms.  It was best to have them up at the same time since that would mean opening the cooler less frequently.  When I did open it, I was reminded that there was lots of yogurt in it. That would be lunch for a couple days so that we could eat it while it was still good.
“The water is stale,” said Lily.
“It is fine for drinking,” I said.  I was glad that Ann wasn’t there because she’d tell the kids what happens to water as the chlorination in it wears out.  Chlorine is added to make sure that any microorganisms remaining in the water are killed.  Some of those microorganisms are harmful.  Most people around the world didn’t treat their water with chlorine and they usually adjusted fine to water that had low levels of organisms.  The stale taste was from the chlorine breaking down.  The byproducts weren’t healthy, but we didn’t plan on drinking stale water the rest of our lives.  It was better to drink it than be thirsty.
While they ate, I looked in the guide under the health section to find some ideas for the toilet.  I wasn’t going to build an outhouse. I didn’t like the idea of making people go outside to squat over a shallow trench either.  I favored the option of putting bags in the toilet, and then tossing them out after they’d been used.  That would work for the downstairs toilet, which was causing the most odor.  I had a full box of trash bags, plus several grocery bags that we could use.
The only problem was that I had to clean out what was already in it.  The only way that I got myself motivated to do that was that I knew it would get worse if I did nothing.  Eventually it would be full.
What would I use to dig it out?  I thought of a large spoon.  Was there anything like that in the garage that Ann wouldn’t be upset if I used in a toilet?  That’d be better than using a utensil from the kitchen.  I went out and found a garden tool.  I’d want to wash my hands several times with soap after I was done even if I never touched anything but the tool.  I could wear gloves.  We had disposable food preparations gloves under the sink.  If the garden tool didn’t work, I’d have to grab the stuff.
I put the current waste into a garbage bag.  While I was working, I thought that no one had flushed this toilet since we’d had the water go out.  I could flush away the last bits.  However, I didn’t flush it.  I thought that even though it was toilet tank water, in another week, we might wish that we still had it.  I’d keep this water as a secret in case we needed it as a last resort.
I threw the full bag in the trashcan, ran the garden tool through the grass to clean it, put a new bag over the toilet and sanitized my hands because mentally they felt dirty.  The upstairs toilet smelled too, but I wasn’t going to do anything about that now.  Next time, to save the odor, I could find a spot outside to urinate when no one was looking.

After my chores, I sat and looked out of the front window.  I decided to go outside for a little while because I hated being cooped up.
From down the block, I heard a generator.  It was on a large camper trailer that someone had brought out.  It looked like it had two propane tanks on the front.  That was good for heating up the camper.  At least one family was cozy.  Our neighbor Wilbur had a generator at some point, but I assumed his son had sold it.
So far, I was still feeling relaxed.  I felt the wind on my face.  Yes, it was cool, but I was warmly dressed.  For several minutes, I stared at the hedge near the house as the wind blew it.  It would sway a little bit with each gust.  The trees had not put out leaves yet, but some of them were budding.  I counted three trees on the block that were showing growth.
Then I heard a car door.  I looked the other way down the block to see a man that was carrying luggage.  I’d never met them and didn’t know his name or his wife’s.  Ann knew a few more of the neighbors than I did.  They were an older couple and made several trips to their car carrying one thing at a time.  Eventually, they drove away.
I think that being cold was easier on the young.  Older people often didn’t eat as much food, so they didn’t produce as much body heat with all those calories.  Therefore, they felt colder.
That would be one trick to stay warm.  We could double the food that we ate.  However, that would be a problem because if we only had food for a couple weeks.  Eating twice as much would cut our supply in half.
After a while, I went in.  I checked on the kids and found Frank playing on the laptop computer.  I decided that it was time to limit that.  There might be a reason that we’d need it later.
“Frank,” I said, “remember I said not to use the devices.  Well, I am going to make a rule that you can’t use them anymore.”
“Can I finish my game?” he asked.  He’d be mad if I didn’t let him finish.  Yet, his games could go on for hours if I let him.
“If you aren’t done in five minutes, I’m turning it off.”  I went away so not to hover over him, but I decided to sit and watch the clock.  It wasn’t as if I had anything else to do.  After five minutes, I approached him.
“I’m finishing,” he said.  He must have heard my footsteps.  I turned back around, and within a minute, he came past me with a book.  My kids were speed-readers.  They must have gotten it from their mom.  They could finish a book in a few hours, but it’d take me a week.  The problem with that was that we’d run out of things for them to read before long.

At lunchtime, I asked the kids if they wanted yogurt, and what type.  I wanted an apple from the refrigerator.  I was trying to keep the refrigerator closed, but by now all the food must have spoiled, so it didn’t matter.  The frozen food might still be good.  Opening the refrigerated section might affect the frozen section, but I thought that would be minimal.  Along with the apples, I grabbed all the food that I thought might be okay outside the refrigerator for a while.  I got salad fixings and put them in the cooler.  We’d made room for it in the cooler by using up some of the milk and yogurt.
In addition, cheese was resilient to being warm.  It might produce drops of condensation, but until it showed mold, it would be fine.  It looked okay, so I put it in the cooler.  I’d fix it tonight with the pasta.  Eggs would also probably be fine, but we didn’t have any.  Additionally, we kept our onions in the refrigerator.  Growing up, my parents never refrigerated them, but kept them under the sink.  I left them in the crisper drawer because there wasn’t room in the cooler.  At least the fridge still was colder than the kitchen.
Ann didn’t show up for lunch.  Ethan came by while we were eating.
“He’s up early,” I said.
“Dad, it isn’t a weekend,” Frank said.
“Oh, you are right.”
They played basketball at our hoop for a while then left.  They hadn’t said where they were going, but I assumed they’d gone to Ethan’s house.  With things a little bit crazy, and without being able to call over, I thought that I should double check on them.  I walked over to Cass Street.
I didn’t see the boys playing outside, so I knocked.  I wondered Ethan still had some charge left on his gaming devices.
Ben let me into their living room.  I was surprised to see Ted there.  He was sitting up on the couch with bedsheets and a pillow around him.  Their house smelled much worse than ours did, but I thought it was the people.
“Are you staying over here now?” I asked Ted.
“What is it to you?” he replied.  I thought he was unusually irritable.
“His house burned down,” Ben said.
“That sucks,” I said.  It was bad for me too if he was going to be hanging around more.
“It was Ben’s fault for giving me a faulty heater,” Ted said.
“It was designed for propane, not gasoline.”
“Geez,” I said, “did you get hurt?”
“No,” Ted said.
“Not much,” said Ben.  He pointed at his own forearm.  On Ted’s forearm, I noticed a red burn mark.  He pulled it under the blanket.
“I came by,” I said, changing the subject, “because I wanted to keep in closer contact.  With no cell phones, there’s no way to talk.  I wanted to make sure it is okay that Frank is here.”
“Yes, he’s in Ethan’s room,” said Ben.
“Do you have everything under control?” I asked.
“We are doing all right.”
“Do you get any sun?  It doesn’t feel much warmer here than my house.”
“No, these houses all have the same design.  They just have different paint colors.
“You’re getting water from the water heater?”
“Yes, and Ted has promised that he won’t be a burden,” said Ben.
“I’ve got some ideas,” he said.  “I’m onto it as soon as I get up.”
“Okay,” I said.  I didn’t want to stick around with Ted there.

I went home and spent some time reading magazines and taking a nap.  Then I thought I should get to work on my plan to cook pasta.
One thing that came to mind was that I would have hot noodle water left over when I was done.  It’d be a waste to throw it away.  If I saved it and let it cool, it’d be fine to drink.  Over several hours, it might go bad, but I could drink it later in the evening.  I wondered if I could get Ann to drink it too.
Instead, I could also cook the dish as a casserole because it would use less water.  You didn’t have to pre-boil lasagna noodles if you cooked them a little longer. But baking would be harder to figure out than boiling water, so I didn’t think about it for too long.
I found the smallest pot that would hold one meal’s worth of food.  We often made a double batch and saved the leftovers for the next day, but I’d have to be careful about not making too much because it’d be wasted.
The library guidebook had many suggestions for fires.  I wanted a small fire because I wanted the heat focused onto the pot.  I’d make the fire outside somewhere.  I thought I’d do it on the driveway.
It didn’t recommend a solar oven for boiling water.  A hobo stove could cook a small amount of food. The guide said that you could boil water on it.  It sounded so easy that I wanted to try it.
To make the stove, you needed the largest can that you could find.  I had a coffee can in the basement full of junk.  I don’t know where I got the can since we don’t drink coffee.  I dumped the contents into a box.  Next, following the directions in the book, I cut a hole in the side near the bottom for loading sticks.  I added a few holes near the top and bottom for air circulation.  The book then said you could add some wires across the top so your pot wouldn’t fall in, but I didn’t need wires.
I had cleaned up many twigs that had fallen from our front tree.  It was a yellow poplar, and it shed branches throughout the year.  By spring, there was a large pile where I’d thrown them.
To get the fire going, I’d need some kindling.  The book had instructions on how to find that, but I had plenty of newspapers in the recycle bin.  I layered some at the bottom, and then put twigs on top.
Before I started the fire, I wanted to have everything lined up.  I had a pile of twigs nearby.  Also, I had the sauce and a pan ready.  My driveway kitchen was ready to go.  Once the noodles were cooked, I could take my time figuring out how to reuse the water.
I lit the fire with a lighter we had for birthday candles.  The fire started very quickly.  I stayed close because it was warm, and as the fire consumed the twigs, I had to add more.  Within 10 minutes the water was boiling, so I added the noodles.  I stirred with a fork, and when they were soft, I pulled one out to test it.  The sauce didn’t need to cook much, so I let the residual fire heat it.  I took the noodles in and found another larger pot to drain the water into.  When everything was cooked, I put cheese over the noodles.
It was ready half an hour early.  Frank and Ann weren’t home, so we couldn’t eat yet.  I thought that it was better to wait and have cold food.
Frank and Ann showed up at the same time at 5 PM.  I made the salad quickly, but I hadn’t thought about salad dressing.
“We could open a new bottle,” said Ann.
“No,” I said.  “We could make vinegar and oil.”  She shrugged.  I thought that she’d help while I was chopping, but she just sat down in the living room.  I’d never made it, but I’d seen my parents make it dozens of times.
Ann had recipe books that would tell how to make it.  Rather than looking in them, I just mixed some olive oil with a little vinegar and poured it on the salads.  Finally, we ate.  Nobody complained about cold food, but the kids didn’t like the salad dressing.
I asked my daughter about her day.  I’d seen her only a few times today since she’d stayed in her room.  I was curious if she had enough books to keep busy.
“I got back to my writing,” she said.  She was like me in many ways.  I wrote too because it was a way for me to work out issues.
“That’s nice,” I said.  “What did you write?”  My wife and son were listening, but not jumping into the conversation.
“It was the main story that I’ve been working on,” Lily said.  She was often vague about the details, and rarely let us read her stories, which was okay with me.
Next, I asked Frank about whether he’d played any more basketball.  He said he did when more friends had come over to Ethan Shoemaker’s house.
“How is Yani?  Can he see okay?” I asked.
“He didn’t say,” Frank said.  I thought Yani must have been okay if he’d been playing.  Frank often didn’t seem interested in following up with questions about his friends.  It may have never occurred to him to ask Yani how he felt.
“Ann, did you have a big lunch?” I asked.  She’d only slowly eaten half her food then stopped.
“No.  I didn’t have lunch.”
“What’s wrong?”
“It’s the stress.”
“Oh, I’m sorry,” I said.  “Did something happen?”
“It was much like yesterday.”
“I assume that you spent most of the day sitting, holding your mom’s hand, and watching your dad play his game.”
“Yes,” she said.  The biggest problem was probably that Ann sat the whole time with nothing to do but watch and worry.  I would hate doing that.  I was a worrier too.  When I sat and worried, I got headaches, but her reaction to stress was to become argumentative.  I often tried to talk to her about her worries, but I don’t think it ever helped.  It only ever started an argument.
“Is there anything that is particularly concerning you?”
“I just don’t know what is going to happen next.  I don’t know how I’ll handle it.”  She was talking slowly.
“It will be okay,” I said.  “You’ve done a great job so far.  You have been there for them the whole time.”  It was too much time in my opinion, but I tried not to let that tone be apparent in my voice.  “We can work it all out.  Things will be fine.”
The kids were ready for fruit, so I opened a can.  I eyed Ann’s food to think about whether I wanted to eat it.
“I don’t know,” she said.  “I was thinking about bringing them here.  It is getting cold at the assisted living center.”  That was also a big problem, but I had no magic solutions.  Having her parents stare at me the whole day would make me stressed too.
“They’d still be cold here.  It is just as bad at our house.”  I was guessing about that point.  “They might as well stay where we are paying people to take care of them.”
“The staff isn’t doing anything for them while I am there.  I have to do it all.”
“There was a power outage right after they moved in.  The staff did fine then,” I said.
“That was different because it was the summer.  Now it’s cold.”
“Also, I think it is best that Ron and Mary are there, eating the provided food, rather than eating our food.”  The kids had eaten their fruit, and so they got up and left.
“Why can’t they eat our food?” Ann asked.
“They can, but it is just that we only have so much.”   I looked at her food again.  “Would you like to take that to them?”  Mary couldn’t eat it unless it was mashed and thinned out.
“No.”
“I’ll eat it if you don’t.”  She pushed her plate to me.
“The car was warm after sitting in the sun,” Ann said.  “I thought about having them sit in it, but I’m sure dad would ask every minute ‘Well, when are we going?’  That would drive me crazy.”  I nodded.
We didn’t have much else to say.  Ann got up to do the dishes.
“I can wipe them off,” I said.
“I’ll wash them,” she said.  She was hovering over me and I didn’t like it, so I stood up.
“We talked about this yesterday,” I said.  “We need to conserve water, and washing is not a health issue.”
“It’s a disgusting issue.”  Some spoiled foods would be bad for you like mayonnaise, but most weren’t a problem.  It was solely a mental issue for her.  She might not be able to eat off a dirty plate, but then she wasn’t eating anyhow.  I caught myself from pursuing that rationale further.  She needed all the help that she could get.
I thought that I might need to remind her of the state of things.  No, she was already too worried.  I just needed to rationalize with her.
“You know that we could run out of water in a few days?  Then what do we do?”  I was exaggerating how quickly we’d use the water, but if she did dishes, it wasn’t so far off.  She didn’t reply to my question.
“We need to use only the smallest amount of water that we can possibly get away with.  We don’t know how long it is going to take to fix everything.  We still don’t have power, water, gas, or telephones.  Before we are done with this, we might need to get really creative.”
She hadn’t been looking at me but was trying to look away.  I wasn’t sure that she’d absorbed what I’d said.
“Do you agree we need to conserve water?”  I wanted to see if she was listening.
“I can’t think of the future.  I can only think of my parents right now.  If I can get through that, then I can worry about tomorrow.”
“You are going back?”
“Yes.”
“I’ll do the dishes.”  I’d do them my way.
She got in the car and drove away.  After I’d wiped the dishes, I had two ideas.  First, I moved my car to the street.  I thought the Sun was too low to make it hot now, but it’d be ready for tomorrow.  If I wanted to warm up, I could sit in it.  Second, I wondered if we had leftover paper plates in the basement.  I think that I saw some next to the bottled water.  I went and found a small stack.  I’d let Ann use them, and I hoped they would last until the water came back on.
I had worries beyond what I’d told Ann.  What would happen if the outages lasted weeks or a month?  I wasn’t prepared for that.  However, I didn’t feel that I could talk to her about it.  She was overwhelmed with her own concerns.  It would only make me more stressed to talk to her about my thoughts because of the way that she’d react.
In the evening, as it got darker, I lit some candles.  If Frank started coughing or wheezing, I would put them out and go back to flashlights.  Not long after dark, Ann came home.  It was a little too dark to read by candlelight.  I moved over and sat with her.  She looked like a zombie, sitting and staring.
“How did it go?”
“I couldn’t tell if they’d been fed supper, so I gave them snacks.”
“Did you have something Mary could eat?”
“Yes, pudding.”
“That’s good.”
“It isn’t enough.”
“It will keep her going.  Older people don’t need as much food.”  Her parents had been overweight.  Ron still was, but Mary had lost weight.  She looked normal now, so having pudding for supper one night wouldn’t cause her to blow away in the wind.
We just sat quietly in the glow of the candles after that.  I put my hand on her arm and caressed it.
Ann always liked things to be perfect.  She wouldn’t accept that her mother could sit in her own soiled clothes for ten minutes to wait for the staff to check on her.  Ann had to be there all the time so that she could change her right away.  Being a perfectionist meant that her stress was self-imposed.  However, weren’t all our anxieties our own choice?  We were all subject to stressors, but some of us had better ways of soothing ourselves.  Maybe as a result, our reaction wasn’t a matter of choice, but training.
I didn’t worry about her parents because I knew that they didn’t have much time left.  In fact, Ann had filled out Do Not Resuscitate orders for both.  Of course, that didn’t mean that we shouldn’t help them feel comfortable while still living.  However, I had set my mind to accept that they could pass at any moment.
I wondered if anything that I’d said had made Ann more stressed.  I’d sometimes thought about whether I was too demanding.  Nevertheless, Ann rarely complied with my requests, so it didn’t seem to me like I could have been that demanding.   I would state my case for whatever issue we were discussing, and then she’d do what she had originally planned on doing.  I felt that I hadn’t pressured her except when it was about washing dishes because I was truly concerned about the need for us to conserve water.  I wasn’t perfect, so maybe I’d been too pushy without realizing it.
I felt that it was more likely that what her mom had said in the past was influencing her.  When she was able to still talk, her mom was constantly in control of everything in the family.  Mary dominated the conversation, and was in constant contact with Ann.  In our first year of marriage, Ann spent more time talking to her mom than to me.  They were routinely on the phone for the entire evening.  Eventually, I’d told Mary that if she wanted grandchildren she’d have to shut up.  After that, they cut down their phone time in half.
Ann had told me about how she and her mom had visited her grandmother every night when she was in a nursing home.  I wonder if her mom had impressed upon Ann then how much she expected to be taken care of too.

* * * *


Chapter 6: Day 3, Tuesday

The next morning, I woke before the Sun again.  I rolled over and looked at Ann in the dim light.  I was in the mood, but I thought she would be too stressed for love.  I touched her to see if she was interested, and she was.
When I woke the second time, Ann was in the kitchen packing cereal in a bag.  I walked toward her and kissed her on the cheek.
“For you?” I asked.
“Yes.  I’m not hungry yet.”  Then she left, and I ate my breakfast.  As I got the milk from outside, I noticed that it was cold enough for me to see my breath.  We still had plenty of milk and it tasted fine.  The food could last a long time outside.  I wondered if I should do anything about the food in the freezer.  It was time to put it outside or eat it.
I looked out of the front window and I saw Jason in his SUV.  He looked to be napping.  I guessed he’d spent the whole night out there if he’d been arguing with Kim.  The vehicle would have been warm from the Sun yesterday, but cold by now.
I looked down towards Linwood.  Very few cars were on the road.  After a couple days, people were driving much less than normal.  I sat down and read.  The kids came out on their own when they woke.
Later I was curious about what Frank was doing in the basement.  Our basement was partly finished and normally we used it a lot, but you couldn’t do much down there now.  However, I was cautious about interrupting his privacy.  From the top of the stairs, I saw a flicker, but it wasn’t from a flashlight.
I went down the steps, and I saw him playing a game on the laptop.  He closed it as soon as he heard me, as if he thought he could hide what he was doing.
“Frank, I told you not to use the laptop.”
“…but I am so bored,” he said as if he was in pain.
“Sorry.  If the internet comes back on, we may need it to figure out how to get food and clean water,” I said.  He threw down his arms, and then he ran past me without making eye contact.
My first thoughts were about what I could do to keep the kids and Ann from using the devices.  I decided to hide them under my bed.  I went around and gathered them up.
We used our electronic devices for playing games, which were mostly a waste of time. Usually, the only time that I’d play a game was if I was sick and couldn’t do anything else.  All that it did for me was distract me from the pain that I was in, and that was only temporary because I’d be in more pain when I stopped.  I thought it was best to always confront my problems rather than be distracted from them.  However, with a cold or the flu, time was the only cure so in that case it made sense.
It seemed like all modern pastimes were similar wastes.  I never gambled and was sure that slot machines were no different from playing video games.  They both consisted of pushing buttons to make lights flash. However, since television could make me laugh, I wondered it had more value as entertainment and should not be considered quite as useless as gaming.
Did my family need a diversion right now?  The blackout was stressful for all of us.  I thought they were more susceptible to addictions now since the games would keep them from worrying.  I was doing the planning for all of us, so it wasn’t as if hiding in a game would doom them.  However, the charge levels on all the devices must be very low by now.  The few minutes of playtime remaining wouldn’t make much difference for them.
By the time that I walked out of my bedroom, Ethan was knocking on the door.  It was very early for him.  I supposed that his family had also gone to bed early.  His devices must be all out of power too, so there was nothing to keep him up late anymore.
“Frank.  Ethan is here,” I yelled towards his room.  Frank came out, and the two of them left together.
I put on my coat and went for a walk.  It was quiet.  Very few cars were on the road.  No music played from radios.  Jason had driven somewhere in his SUV.  On Cass, I looked at the Shoemaker’s house but didn’t want to stop.  Ted’s truck was still in front.
I tried to figure out how many people had moved away in the last few days.  I was just guessing because on a normal day, I thought most of the houses looked abandoned.  There were so many people I never saw except for when they went out to get food.
At the end of the street, one old man was out cleaning up leaves.  I waved at him, but I didn’t stop to talk.  Ann had told me that Charles was a recently retired high school teacher.  She knew him from PTA, and said he’d taught history.  Lily had never had him as a teacher.
On the way back, I saw that Jason was pulling up to his house.  I waved and then came up to him as he was getting out.  As he cracked open his door, I could smell cooked food.
“Hello,” I said.
“Hi.”
“Where have you been?  Did your work start up again?”
“No,” he said.  “Kim is ‘starving to death’ without restaurant food.  I found someone on a corner with a food truck.  He was selling hamburgers for $10 cash.”
“Wow.  That is a big markup.”
“I’ve got to take it in while it is hot or she’ll complain,” he said.  I nodded.
At lunch, I was thinking about our meal plan for the evening.  I could make the bean concoction again.  I had enough supplies to serve that for many more days.  However, I decided when it was closer to dinner, I would check the food in the freezer to see if it was still good.
In the midafternoon, Ann came back, and I was surprised to see her then.
“I’m a nervous wreck,” she said.
“Oh?”
“The nurses are only giving a single meal a day.  They say they won’t have enough food otherwise.”
“They must be pressuring you to bring in extra food,” I said.
“I have been.”
“One meal is enough to live on.”  If you can live three weeks without food, then one meal would surely stretch that to a couple of months.
“I can’t handle dad telling me he’s hungry,” she said, “and mom looks so hungry.”
I nodded.  That would be tough to deal with.
“Also,” she said, “the nurses say they are going to have to cut down on the bottled water to one per person per day.”
“That’s not enough water.”
“I know,” she said.
“You must demand more.”
“I can’t.”  Ann was crying.  “I am so stressed.  I am worrying about everything non-stop.  I worry that they are going to freeze to death in the night.  I worry how much longer I can drive back and forth before my car runs out of gas.”
“Is it low?”
“Half a tank.”  She usually filled it up when it was that low.  She didn’t take chances.
“I need your help to bring them here,” she said.  I nodded.  She wasn’t asking permission, and she’d do it anyway even if I told her no.  If I replied that way, it would only damage our relationship.  Once we established that she was bringing them then it was apparent that I had to help her.
I regretted that it was our only solution.  I had no way to keep them warm.  I had only a little food and water that would last an even shorter amount of time with them here too.  I couldn’t see any advantage to bringing them here.
“Okay,” I said.  I was already wearing my coat and shoes indoors for warmth.  I very slowly got up as if a better solution would come to mind if I stalled.
“I better tell Lily,” I said.  After doing that, I wrote a note for Frank.  Then we went out to her car.  It was warm from sitting in the Sun, and I unzipped my coat.
“We need to bring lots of stuff back with them and we can’t forget any of it,” Ann said, driving swiftly.  I picked up a pen and notepad she had tucked in the car door.
“We need to get extra changes of clothes for mom.  She will need extra pads,” she said. I wrote that down.
“Does she have any clothes left after three days without laundry?”
“Yes, a couple days.”  When that ran out, I had no idea what was going to happen next.
“Oh, and the mattress pad.”
“I don’t want them sleeping in my bed,” I said.  It was the only queen-sized bed in our house, so the only bed the queen-sized pad would fit.
“It will be hard enough to bring them to our house.  Then you want to split them up?  Neither one can go down the stairs safely to sleep on the couch there.  One of us has to do it or we don’t have enough room.”  I nodded.  That would mean I was sleeping in the basement because Ann would want to be close to them.
“We need to grab as much food as you have left there,” I said.
“There is a little.”
“I didn’t even think about medicines,” she said.  “How can we do this without medicines?”
“They can give it to us.”
“No, they can’t.  They won’t even let me touch the medicines when they give it to them at night.”
“Let me persuade the nurses,” I said.  Ann would try to be kind and get too easily scared away by the first no answer.  I had an alternate plan if that didn’t work, but I wouldn’t tell her.  As I thought about it, we arrived at the home.
“Wait,” I said.  “Let’s finish our list before we go in.  We have water, food, clothing, medicines, and bedding.  What else do we need?”
“I don’t know.”  She looked impatient.  I looked at the list for a minute, but I couldn’t come up with anything else.  We got out of the car and approached the door.  It was on a buzzer system.  Normally, a nurse would come when you buzzed it, and then he or she would enter a code.
“How do they let you in with no power?” I asked.
“They have a key, but the hard part is getting their attention.”  She started knocking on the glass door.  They wouldn’t hear that unless they were within one room of the front.  It was a large place.  I began to slam the glass hard.
“You’ll break it,” Ann said.
“No, I won’t,” I said.  After several minutes, a young woman came to let us in.
“Thank you, Alexis,” Ann said.  The woman nodded.  She looked as worn out as Ann did.
“We are going to take Ron and Mary,” said Ann.
“I hope you are getting lots of overtime for this,” I said to Alexis.
“They’ll just make me take more vacation later to make up for it,” Alexis said.
“Well, we appreciate it,” Ann said.
We walked to Ron and Mary’s unit, which was close to the entrance.  They had a small suite, consisting of a bedroom, living room, and bathroom.  The place smelled much worse than normal.  Ron was playing his video solitaire, and Mary was dozing.  She woke up when we came in, and reached her hand up to Ann.  Ann stood there a moment and held it.  There were just three chairs, and I took the third one.
“We need Ron’s game on the list,” I said.
“Yes, definitely,” Ann said.  It would be pointless to tell Ron to bring it because he wouldn’t hear us, and he would forget it.  He had hearing aids, but we always seemed to have to yell at him so that he’d understand what we were saying.  I didn’t know where anything was in the room, so I was along just to carry things and babysit.
“I can watch them if you want to start packing,” I said.  They didn’t need watching when they were in their own unit.  Ann went into the bedroom.
“We should have brought bags to put clothes in,” Ann said.  That was true, but she had been in such a rush to get here.
“Do you have any small bags?”  I knew that she did because of all the groceries she’d brought with her.
“No,” she said.  I could carry an armful at a time and pile it by the locked front door.
I had another idea, and I went into the hall to check it.  On a nurse’s cart, there was a roll of blue trash bags.  I pulled three off the roll and opened them.  They were so thin, that I thought they wouldn’t hold anything, so I got two more.
“I got some bags,” I said.  Ann frowned as if I was stealing, but then used them to pack clothes.
“I will check about the medicines now,” I said.  “Did you see which way the woman went?”
“No,” Ann shouted from the bedroom.
I didn’t see anyone in the hall, but some of the doors were open so I walked towards them.
“Help me!  Help me!” yelled a woman from one room.  I struggled about what to do.  There were a hundred ways to get distracted from my goal.  I had to stay focused.  However, I couldn’t get the woman’s voice out of my head.  If she had fallen, she might need quick help to get up.  I opened her door the rest of the way.
“Hello,” I said.  She was sitting in a wheelchair.
“I need my son,” she said.
“Is anything wrong?” I said.
“I need my son.”  I couldn’t help her with that.  If her son wanted to come, he would be here.
“I’ll go find him,” I said.
“Thank you,” she said.  One second after I was out of her door, she was yelling again.  Many doors were closed, but some were open, and I could hear noises.  One old man was yelling that he was cold.  I resolved to close my mind to other yelling.
Walking down the hall, I approached another open door.  Alexis came out of it, holding a washcloth.
“Excuse me,” I said.  She stopped.  “We want to take Ron and Mary, but we need their medicines.”
“I can’t give that out.”
“How else can we take them?” I asked.
“I’d be fired for giving it.”
“I’m sorry, but no one will know.  The alternative is that I bring them right back tonight and leave them here.”
She didn’t know what to do.  She looked so stressed, but if I needed to stress her out to get what I needed, then that is what I would have to do.
“All right,” she said.  She started walking down the hall.  A locked cart had the medicine in it.
“How much can you give us?” I asked.  I didn’t want just one pill.  I knew she couldn’t give any, but I said it that way to open the negotiation.
“I don’t know,” she said.
“Do they have pill bottles just for them?”
“No, we dispense from a reserve.”
“Well, I think this blackout is going to last at least another week,” I said.  She sighed, distraught.
“Okay,” she said, “but I am not giving you any controlled substances.  I could go to jail for that.”
“Fine,” I said.  The staff occasionally gave drugs to Ron and Mary to settle them down.
“I am most concerned about the blood pressure and heart pills,” I said.  Suddenly stopping those medicines could put you at risk, as opposed to cholesterol pills that only made a difference over months.  “Could I have two weeks of those pills, just in case?”
“If I have enough.”
“Thanks.”
She gave me a pile of meds.  The pills came in strips of wrap.  I didn’t know which of her parents took each one, but I was sure that Ann could figure it out.
“Can I have Ron’s supper too?” I asked.
“I’m not giving you a week of energy bars.  We don’t have that many.”
“How about for one day?”
“Okay,” she said.  “Wait here.”  She went towards the kitchen then came back.  It was surprising to me to hear that they had medicine for a couple weeks, but food only for a few more days.
“Thank you.”
I was very careful not to drop anything as I walked back to the unit.  I looked back every few paces to make sure I’d left nothing on the floor.
“I got it,” I said.
“Good,” Ann said.  A little bag was sitting out, so I stuffed the pills in it.
“I am sure that we will forget something,” Ann said.  I got the list and saw that she hadn’t been checking off the items.  I could see a pile of clothes, so I checked it.
“Have you got the pads?” I asked.
“Yes.”  We went through the list.
Even though she said she’d gotten all their snack food, I looked in the cupboard to double-check that.  I didn’t want to find out later that she hadn’t brought a box of pudding because it was no longer Mary’s favorite flavor.  In addition, they had a mini fridge.  In it was a small carton of milk that still had a few cups in it.  I put it on the pile.
“It is spoiled,” she said.
“Oh.”  I put it back on the counter.  Mary held up her hand, and Ann held it again.
“Are we ready?” I asked.
“I suppose.”
“I’ll make a pile at the door, then when we get your parents up there, we can find Alexis to let us out.”  I started carrying bags.  Rather than lifting from the top, I put my arms around the bottom so that they wouldn’t split.
After the last bag, Ann was getting them up.  Ron had put down his game, so I grabbed it.
Another woman was near the front when we got there.  She saw us coming and unlocked the door.  I ran ahead and threw the bags onto the sidewalk.
“Thank you,” said Ann to the woman.
Finally, we were out.  The bags fit in the trunk.  Ann got them loaded.
“What about the walker?” I asked.
“We need it,” she said.  I reorganized the trunk so everything would fit.  Then we drove away.  We only passed a few other cars on the way home.
“We’re home,” I yelled to Lily as we came in.  I brought in the bags.

It was time to start planning for supper.  I was going to check the frozen leftovers.
“What will Mary eat?” I asked Ann.
“I could feed her what we brought.”  The baby food in jars wouldn’t spoil so we should save them.
“Would she eat yogurt?”
“Yes.  I’ve given that to her before,” Ann said.
I went to the refrigerator and opened the freezer.  I got all the leftovers out, and I noticed that they were soft as if they had thawed.  I opened them up and poked them with my finger.  They still had ice crystals in the center.  That was promising because they were still partly frozen.
“Have you seen the thermometer?” I said to Ann.  She was sitting in the living room with her parents.
“Isn’t it in the drawer?” she said.
“No, not the meat thermometer.  I mean the little one.”  Meat thermometers were for high temperatures, not low ones.
“Oh, that one.  I don’t know,” she said.  I looked in a few places and found it in the basement.
I wiped the dust off it then touched it to the outside of the leftover container.  I watched the temperature drop.  Below 41 degrees, it was still safe enough to eat, so when it dropped below that, I stopped monitoring it.
“The food is fine,” I said.
“Good.”
Next, I thought about how I was going to warm up the food.  I didn’t need to cook it but just bring it to an edible temperature—this would be easy.  A solar oven would be perfect for this.  I looked at my watch and decided that even if we ate late, people would be happy for the traditional meal.
I quickly reviewed the instructions in the library book.  I decided to go for the easy way to make it.  Then I put the food in dark pots to see how much space I’d need.  From the back porch, I got the two largest boxes.  I’d need both for the mix of leftovers.  One already had foil on it from my needlessly making a Faraday cage.  Next, I opened the other box and taped aluminum foil to the inside and flaps.
I took everything outside and angled the boxes towards the Sun.  I propped up the boxes and adjusted the flaps so that they reflected sun towards the food.
Since it was a cold day, I worried that the cool air would sap away all the heat.  I could seal in the heat with plastic wrap.  I went back in and got a roll of it.  Then I taped it over the box opening.  If all went well, we could eat in an hour.
I went in and saw Ann still sitting with her mom.  It wasn’t as if she was a lazy person, but I thought that she just was too stressed to figure out what to do.  I wondered if there was no such thing as laziness, just stress.
“Come,” I said.  “Let’s put on the mattress cover together.”  She got up and helped.  After that, I told her to sort through the medicines.
I sat down for a while and closed my eyes.  Later, Frank came in.
“Are we ready to eat?” he said.
“I’ll check,” I said.  I got up and went outside.  The outside of the pot was warm, but when I stuck my finger inside the food, it was cool.  I stirred it up to move around the cold spots.  In addition, I adjusted the boxes for the current angle of the Sun.  Frank was watching.
“Maybe another half an hour,” I said to him.
“What’s for supper?”
“You get a choice of a few things.”  He nodded without asking any other questions.  I went back in.
“Do you want to feed your mom now or when we eat?” I asked.  On the few holidays when we ate as a family, Ann fed Mary at the same time, but it was always a distraction for her.
“She’s probably hungry.  I’ll do it now.”
“Do you want me to get the yogurt?” I asked.  She shook her head and went out herself.
A while later we were able to eat, but Ann would have liked the food hotter.  Everyone got the food that they liked to eat.  There was plenty of food and it was filling.  The table was a tight squeeze.  Ann had her mom sit with us despite being done.
“Frank,” I said.  “Is Ted still hanging around Ethan’s house?”
“Yes.”
“Is he helping out?”
“I don’t know.  I only know that he is always there.”
Nobody had anything to share about his or her days.  Lily started telling Frank about a story she was writing about her favorite video game character.  We all listened.
In the evening, I cleaned out the fridge.  There was one more container of leftovers.  I took it outside to the cooler.  However, I loaded the rest of it into the trash.  We had some ice cream bars, but ice cream melts very easily.  By the first day, it was soup.
“Now I know what we forgot,” Ann said.
“What?”
“Guess.”
“Their barbeque grill?” I asked.  I was joking because they’d never had one.  How was I to know what we’d forgotten?
“No, toothbrushes.”
“Does your mom still brush?”
“The staff is supposed to help her do it.”
“Have you ever seen them help her?”
“No, but we pay for them to do it,” she said.
“Then there is probably no loss.”
“We have some extra brushes in the closet from the dentist.  I’ll get those out.”
It was hard to sit close to Ann and talk about things.  She’d been gone for the last three straight days to watch her parents.  Now she was here, but her mother was between us.  If Ann was holding Mary’s hand, it’d be odd to reach and hold mine with the other one.

I read for a while, but I felt that I should be doing something with the two extra people to care for.
“Did we get the mail today?” Ann asked.
“No,” I said.  “I never saw them come by.”  They’d come the other days.
“Well, when are we going back?” asked Ron.
“You are going to stay here with us tonight,” said Ann.  He looked confused like he couldn’t hear, so she said it louder.
“Every night going to bed, it is colder than the previous night.  It is hard to get to sleep,” Ann said.
The bed was warm by the morning and I enjoyed rolling around in it with her.  But now we were giving up our bed.
“We can just get out more blankets,” I said.  “That will keep them warm.”
“It is going to give them a heart attack to go to bed.  The cold will shock them.”
“…or they will jump right back out,” I said.  “I’ll see if my guide recommends anything.”  I had resolved not to try to heat the house because that was too hard, but there were other tricks.  My book suggested using burning coals from a fire in a flat pan as a bed warmer.  The trick was to time it so the bed was warm just when you wanted to get into it, because it would cool off again.  I had no idea how long it would take to get the fire ready.
“What time do you want to put them in bed?” I asked.  “I have an idea, but it needs to be timed just right.”
“After it is dark.”
I had many twigs left from my front tree; however, I needed a middle-sized fire.  I needed logs but didn’t have any.  They were often bundled together through the year outside of gas stations and grocery stores around here.  In the summertime, it was for campers and in the winter for people with fireplaces.  The stores would be closed, but I hoped I’d find a way to acquire it anyhow.
“I’m going out,” I said.
I took my car to help me bring back the wood.  The gas station nearest us had wood sitting out.  I thought about taking it.  My biggest concern was being caught.  I could leave a note to bill me.  However, would that be evidence of theft?  If there were hidden video cameras, they wouldn’t be working.  I looked around and didn’t see anyone, so I quickly put a bundle in my trunk.  Then I left.
At home, I made the fire on the driveway.  I stacked some paper for kindling, sticks for tinder then a few logs leaving room for air to come through.  It seemed unsafe, so I got some garden bricks to loop around it.  I lit the fire and felt its warmth.  I went in and asked people if they wanted to come watch it.
“You smell like smoke,” Ann said.
“Is it an improvement?  We all smell from body odor now.”
Frank came out.  I told him about camping with my family when I was young.
I put away the solar ovens.  I could have just used the same fire for warming food and the bed, but the coals might not have lasted.  We would have had to eat and then gone right to bed.  I didn’t think that was healthy.
The log on the bottom had turned to coals.  It was ready for my contraption.  I used a shovel to scoop the log into the pan.  Then I tapped it to break it into smaller coals.
The smoke detectors went off as I went past them to the bedroom.  Ann got up to silence them.
“What is that?” asked Ron about the sound.
“It’s okay,” yelled Ann.
“Is that safe?” Ann asked to me.
“Probably as long as the flames don’t come out.”
“Are they?”
“I’ll check,” I said.  I went outside and poked the coals to make sure they weren’t burning.  My lid had smothered them.
I went back in and I moved the pan around and got their bed hot.  Then since I had all this heat, I asked Lily if she wanted to try it, but she said no.
Ann started getting her parents ready for bed.  That was a long process.  The bed would be cold by then, so I put the warmer back in their bed.  We needed to time it better next time.
“The lights don’t work,” Ron said.
“The power is off,” Ann said.  I wondered how many times she’d said that over the last few days.  I read that to get the memory to work in older people you need to get them emotional.  You must yell at them.
A minute later Ron said the same thing again.  Ann repeated what she’d replied.  I went up to them.
“There’s a blackout,” I yelled at Ron.
“Oh,” he said.  I didn’t like yelling at him, but I thought he’d remember.
My bed would be the couch downstairs, and my plan for warming it was to get myself hot.  I sat close to the fire.  I threw the coals back on the fire and they restarted burning again.  Soap is made from ash, so I didn’t see a need to clean the pan. I just flicked the specks of ash out.
I took a break from getting warm to find blankets for the couch.  Then I warmed myself more before jumping in.  Still, I shivered for a few minutes once I crawled in.  As I lay there, I thought about hanging my blankets around the fire next time, but then I’d be afraid that a spark would ignite them.  Hanging them would have kept in more of the heat by reflecting it in.  Modern blankets were fire resistant, so I felt was was safe.

* * * *


Chapter 7: Day 4, Wednesday

I woke up Wednesday before the Sun was up.  I tried to go back to sleep but couldn’t.  Ann wasn’t nearby.  In a full house, she wasn’t willing to risk being caught during an intimate moment on the couch.
I started thinking about how this was only the fourth day of the blackout.  Life was so much different already.  For example, I hadn’t thought of work in days.  My problems had changed from corporate strategy to figuring out how to cope without everyday conveniences like what to do with toilet waste.
However, I should be thinking more about the future.  I’d told the nurse at the home that this could go on for a couple weeks.  If it lasted that long, I didn’t know if we had everything we needed.  I wanted to take my mind off my worries.  I needed to get them out of my head.  One of my biggest concerns was water, but right now, I was hungry, so when it was light enough, I got up and ate.
I used the last of the milk.  From now on, we’d have to have dry cereal in the morning.
I knew Ann was still asleep on the couch because I could hear her snoring.  I had probably snored too while trying to sleep on our uncomfortable, older couch.
It was cold in the house, but it didn’t seem worse than yesterday.  I checked the thermostat and it said it was only one degree below the previous morning.  The house wasn’t as cold as outside because our body heat and passive solar warming had stabilized the temperature.  I continued my routine of opening and closing the window shades.
It was sunny again and that was good for warming the house.  I didn’t see any clouds through the front window, so I went around to the other windows to look.  This was the fourth day that the sky was clear.  That must be unusual.  Cloudless days in the past didn’t seem that common, let alone one after another.  That made me concerned.
Opening the last of the window shades, the sunlight came in right on Ann.  She squinted and then rolled over.
“Sorry,” I whispered.  I just sat and watched as she roused.
“How did you sleep?” I asked when she was up.
“Horrible.  You didn’t hear it all?”  I shook my head.  Maybe she would tell me about it, but I kind of didn’t want to hear the details.
I went to the basement.  I wondered if there was any way to figure out how much water we had used.  I thought of tapping on the side of the hot water heater to see how it echoed, but the reverberations didn’t sound any different based on how I hit it.  I would guess that we had used up one-third of the water.  It wasn’t low enough that I would have to worry yet.
In addition, I estimated how much food we had remaining.  I’d have to figure out how to cook rice and dried beans, but we had a week’s worth of food for all the people in the house.  There were plenty of cookies and candy.  Although it wasn’t healthy, I wondered if I should be allowing bigger desserts to give everyone enough calories to stretch out the real food.  I decided not to do that quite yet.
I’d need more wood soon.  The gas station sold wood in small bundles.  I’d used most of a pack the night before.  I went back in my car and saw that the pile was much lower.  There were four bundles remaining, so I grabbed them all.
“You’re back,” Ann said as I came in.  I nodded.
“Mom had another accident,” she said.  She meant a mess.  Ann was trying to remove Mary’s coat to see if it was soiled.  “How am I supposed to bathe her?”
“Didn’t you bring a box of wipes?” I asked.
“That would never work for a mess like this.  It’d take the whole box.”
“A shower would be great, but we don’t have one,” I said.  Ann rolled her eyes.
Showers were wasteful anyhow.  When visiting my cousin on the farm, I recalled that all the males showered together.  They had to have water trucked in.  We sprayed quickly and then turned off the water.  Then we soaped and rinsed.  Ann only needed enough water to get the mess off Mary, and if the water was high pressure then she’d need less of it.
“Put her in the shower,” I said.  “Where’s the spray bottle?”
“It’s under the bathroom sink.  I used to use it for styling.”  I went and found it.  It only held a cup of water and that is about what I could afford every day for this.  I poured water into it from the bucket.  I wanted the water as high-pressure as possible, so I adjusted the nozzle and tested it.  I took the bottle and gave it to Ann.
“That is going to be cold,” she said.
“Yes, but it is all we have.  It is so little water that she probably won’t feel it anyway.”  I crossed my fingers that that was true.  I could warm it on a fire, but there was no time, and it would be a waste of wood.
I left the bathroom because I didn’t want to watch, but I stood nearby.  I could hear that Mary didn’t like the spray bottle treatment.
“Can you figure out what to do with her clothes?” Ann asked.
“Okay.”  Eventually, we’d have to wash them, but for now, they were trash.  I put them carefully in a trash bag without touching the soiled parts.
“I need some more water,” Ann said.  Did she think this was a spa?  We weren’t giving her a sauna bath.
“How much more?”
“Just a little bit.”  I thought that was okay.  Ann might become practiced later at using the bottle more efficiently.  She handed it to me, and I filled it again.
We could all use a bath.  In addition to being smelly, my groin was itchy.  Evaporated sweat was building up.  I’m sure I wasn’t the only one with this problem.
“Can you get me her clean clothes?  They are on my dresser,” Ann said.
“Yes.”
When I’d had a moment to sit down, I got out my library book and looked at bathing.  If I could keep us from using up our water with cleaning dishes, clothes, and bodies, then I could stretch out the water more.  I read that morning dew on a towel could be enough to freshen up.
Did dew come if there were no clouds in the sky?  Did the moisture come from them?  I thought back to atmosphere issues that I’d looked at when designing spy drones.  Dew was from humidity, not clouds.  It might be humid enough to leave dew, but as cold as it was, it might be frost instead.  That would make for a chilly bath.
“What did you do to her clothes?” Ann asked.
“Put them in a bag.”
“… and you are going to clean them now?”
Lily ran past us.  She filled her water cup then stomped back to her room, obviously irritated that we were arguing.
“No,” I said.  We’d have to have a lot more water before I’d consider washing clothes.
Ann got Mary positioned back in the living room.  Then Ann sang a nursery rhyme to her.
It was a stressful time for all of us.  Lily couldn’t communicate with distant friends via her computer, and she didn’t have local friends except for acquaintances at school.  I thought she spent the whole day reading and writing.  That could get old.  Lily used to play the trombone.  I wondered if I should remind her that she could pick it up again to occupy her time.
I picked up my magazine to read it, but my mind came back to Lily.  She always overreacted to Ann and I arguing.  It appeared to me that she had a lot of anxiety, just like Ann and I did.  We had passed it on to her.
I thought that I managed well because I’d developed ways of coping with anxiety.  Hiding in her room could be the way Lily is dealing with it.  I knew how much it took to overwhelm me.  Work stress was what I needed to avoid.  If I could stay busy at home, I’d be fine.  Lily was probably protecting herself too.
I always wanted to help my family members.  If I told Lily to practice her trombone, she’d say I was interfering.  That was a common mistake of mine.  I thought I pushed too hard.  My excuse was that it felt like I was the only one who was thinking of ways to help everyone.
I felt that if I stayed there thinking any longer then I wouldn’t be in a pleasant mood.  I could tell when my thinking was going to become negative.  What could I do instead?  I got up.
“Did Frank already go over to Ethan’s house?” I asked.
“Yes.”
“Okay.  I’ll go check in with Ben.”  I went to their house and knocked on the door.  Betty came to answer it.
“How are things going?  Are you managing okay?” I asked.
“I don’t know.  You should ask Ben,” she said.  I thought that she should at least have an opinion.  She seemed to always defer to her husband.
“Is that Nick?” asked Ted.
“Yes,” said Betty.  She had me come into the entry, and then she went to the kitchen.  Ted was on the couch.  The blankets were pushed to the floor next to some small boxes.  Ben came out of the kitchen and nodded.
“Are you back to work yet?” asked Ted.
“No, are you?” I asked. I was surprised.  He was in delivery, so maybe he was delivering parts for repairs.
“No, of course not.  You know it is your unions that are the problem?” Ted asked.  I wasn’t in a union, but for some reason Ted always called them mine.  Ted complained about them a lot, and sometimes I argued with him about it.
“Why is it their fault?” I asked.
“They are too slow.  The utility workers don’t want to work overtime to fix things, but then sit around taking coffee breaks the whole day.  Not one of them knows how to work.”
“I hope not,” I said.  “I bet they know we really need their help right now.”
“They’re probably on a work stoppage.  They’d take advantage of any chance to extort more pay out of us.”
“I really doubt that,” I said.  “Nobody would be that cruel right now.”  Ben just laughed at our argument.
“I get paid per mile.  If I don’t work, I am not paid.  That is the only way to do it,” Ted said.  I shrugged.  I didn’t want to drag out the conversation.
“Ben,” I said, “how are you doing?”
“Fine,” he said.  I told of trying to conserve water when I had a messy mother-in-law.
“Are you still okay with food?” I asked.
“We are alright for now,” Ben said.
“I got a deal on some food,” Ted bragged.  He waved two small boxes.  They looked like medicine.
“I found an independent pharmacy that was open.  They were out of food, but I found some cough syrup made from pure honey.”
“Really?” I said.  “How do you eat it?”  That would be a lot of toast to go through.
“I just drink it.  It is thinned with water,” Ted said.  I nodded.
“They were accepting cash only.  He was taking checks too if you were a regular customer.”
“That is nice,” I said.  I wondered if they had diapers left for Mary.  “Which one is it?”  He gave me directions.  It was a couple miles away in another town.
“Thanks,” I said.  I went back home and told Ann where I was going, and then I got in the car.
As I drove, I kept noticing burn marks on electrical transformers.  All of them had the marks except for one.  I stopped to double check.  It was different from the others.  It looked newer, and there were absolutely no burn marks on it.  I wondered if the blackout hit this area worse because we are an older suburb.  I hoped others are better off.
I got back in my car and noticed the warmth.  My bachelor’s degree was in physics, but my master’s was in electrical engineering.  I had a good idea of how the current came through the grounding into the transformers to blow it.  The newest transformer must have had some protection.  However, with all the others blown out, there was no electricity service.
I got to the pharmacy, but it was locked.  I knocked and looked through the windows.  Nobody was there.
When I got back home, it was lunchtime.  We had peanut butter sandwiches.  The kids ate quickly and left.  Ann fed Mary some baby food.
“I don’t think we are getting mail again today,” Ann said.  I shrugged.  We normally got it in the mornings, so if they were on-schedule they would have been here already.
“Maybe everything is slower now.”
“How are we going to pay our credit card bill if the mail doesn’t come?” Ann asked.
“We can miss a payment.”
“Then we’d get a bad credit rating.”
“We have a lot of savings.  It’s not like we need a loan now,” I said.
“They could cancel our insurance if we don’t pay it.”
I smiled.  I thought that with all the damage that had been done, the insurance companies would be having tough times now.  They might even all go bankrupt.  Therefore, it didn’t matter if we paid them or not.  We had survived the disaster with no fires, unlike the idiot Ted.
“We’ll be fine,” I said.  Ann looked like she was stewing over another thought.  It’d only be a minute before she’d come up with something else to stress about.
I finished eating and decided to sit in my car to stay warm.  It would also give me peace from everyone in the house.  I took my magazines with me and it felt nice to sit there.  I read for a long time and then napped a while.

When I woke, I saw Jason on his porch.  I recalled that I’d thought I had seen him sleeping in his car.  When I was fully awake, I got out of my car slowly and walked to him.
“I just napped in my car,” I said.  He nodded.  “Did I see you sleep in your SUV the other day?”
“Yes.”
“Did you stay out the whole night?”
“Most of it.”
“Was it warm?” I asked.
“Not any more by the time I was out there,” he said.  I nodded.  I noticed his wife’s car was gone.  I was puzzled because there didn’t seem to be many reasons to go anywhere.
“Kim’s gone?”
“Yes.  She went to get highlights put in her hair.”
“Did she find a place that was open?”
“No.  Her friend is doing it for her,” he said.  “She said she needed a break from being here.”  I could appreciate that, but doing hair seemed vain at a time like this.
I thought of asking Jason about his water, food, heat, and everything else, but then I decided that if he needed any help, he could ask.  It seemed intrusive to pry.  I didn’t want to bother him anymore after I’d inquired about his wife.
I thought he was bored, so I told him about magazine articles that I’d read.  I offered to give him the ones I was done with, but he shrugged.
There was a limit to how much I could help others.  I had a full family to care for.  Before long, I’d have to go start to make supper.  Giving magazines was about all that I could offer.  I wouldn’t be able to give away any of our water or food.
It was becoming more like every man was for himself.  How many people could I help?  Ann had already forced us to care for her parents.  If Ann had thought of it, I thought she would have told me to bring home everyone else at the rest home.  They were probably getting desperate.  If things got hard, would I even be able to continue caring for her parents?  I was grateful that I didn’t need to worry about that yet.
I went home and got my meal plan ready.  I would fix rice and beans.  Dried beans took a long time to boil, but if I was going to make rice too, it made sense.  We didn’t buy instant rice, so more boiling was required.  I selected lentils to go with it since they didn’t take as long to cook as white beans.
Frank came back at our normal time for supper.  I had just finished cooking our main dish.  In addition, I got out a can of vegetables and one of fruit.  For Mary, I got the last yogurt from the cooler.  The cooler was empty, so I could put it away.  However, the melted ice could be a source of water.  It wasn’t clean, so that would be a last resort.
We all sat together and ate.  Frank ate fast as usual.
“What else do we have to eat?” he asked.  He was a growing boy and often consumed more food besides what we offered.
“That’s it for today, except for fruit and a cookie,” I said.  He’d have to wait for the rest of us.  “We may have to cut back a little to make the food last until we can shop again.   In fact, I was thinking of telling everyone that we should limit our cereal in the morning to one bowl.”
“We need to cut that?  Don’t we have enough?” Ann asked.
“If we cut in one area but eat more of other food, it doesn’t stretch it out,” I said.  “Also, I’ll only offer one choice for lunch and dinner from now on.”
“We have several bottles of juice that we haven’t touched,” Ann said.
“They are large bottles, so we won’t be able to finish them,” I said.
“We can’t put them in the cooler?”
“The ice melted, so I think that it must be above freezing out there.  I don’t know if it is cool enough to keep it fresh.”
Ann was feeding her mom while eating herself.  Mary looked uninterested in more food.  She didn’t open her mouth when Ann held up the spoon.
“Is she going to finish the yogurt?” I asked.
“Maybe later.”
“Is someone going to eat it if she doesn’t?  It’d be a waste to throw it away.”
“Frank, do you want some?” Ann asked.
“No,” he said.  Mary’s spoon had been in it.  He didn’t like food that had been on other people’s plates.
“I guess no one wants it,” Ann said.  I wasn’t going to fight over two or three spoonsful of yogurt.  We sat for a few minutes without talking as we ate fruit.
“Now I’m going to sit around the whole time worrying that we won’t be able to drink our juice,” Ann said.
Normally, Ann didn’t worry quite this much.  She was often so busy that she didn’t have time for it.  She worked, cared for her parents, and was involved in a few other things.  If she was caring for her mom, then she might sit a few minutes and watch TV, but often she was doing their laundry or talking to nurses.  It was atypical to sit just holding her mom’s hand and doing nothing else.
Always being busy was good for her because it kept her from worrying.  Avoiding problems wouldn’t solve them but waiting for the electricity to come back on was all we could do.  If I asked her to help me, I guessed she would say that she had to stay with her mom.  Ann felt they needed constant supervision and that was the reason we put them in the home in the first place.
I didn’t know if I could comfort Ann.  Often our conversations ended up like a debate.  If I told her that everything would be fine, she’d give a list of reasons of why it wouldn’t.  With her attached to her mother, I couldn’t sit close.  Being next to her instead of facing her seemed less confrontational.  If I started to talk to her from across the room, I’d see her start to worry more.
I kept busy refilling the water bucket, throwing out empty cans, and carrying out the liner bag on the toilet.  Then I lined up the firewood for the bed warmer for later tonight.  It was still getting dark early, so if I could have it ready now, that would be easier.  Since I was getting more experienced with fires, I thought I had a better idea about how much wood I’d need for the hot coals.
Sitting there, I was thinking about what to do next.  I noticed that there was always a smell of smoke in the air.  I didn’t think it was lingering from my fire, but it must be from fires around the neighborhood.
I remembered my new plan.  I was supposed to line up towels to collect dew.  Ann wouldn’t miss the beach towels, so I got them out.  If I left fresh towels outside, she’d think I was crazy.  I laid them flat on the driveway.
When it started to get dark outside, I thought people would begin to get sleepy, so I lit the fire.  As I was sitting there, I suddenly heard loud popping.  It was coming from a few neighborhoods away.  I was suddenly panicked.  But as I listened a minute, I could tell that it was fireworks.
When did I become afraid of fireworks?  My heart was still racing.  Had I thought they were gunshots?  No, I knew what guns sounded like because I’d used my father’s rifle occasionally for target practice.
It must be that it brought back thoughts of when the transformers blew up Saturday night.  I guess it had traumatized me more than I realized.  I went inside and watched the fire through the window because it was quieter in there.
When the hot coals were ready, I put them in the pan and went in.  Ann asked me to warm the couch for her too.  Everyone went to bed early again.

* * * *


Chapter 8: Day 5, Thursday

Someone was chasing me.  I couldn’t see who they were.  My heart was racing, and I was breathing hard.  I tried to get away, but my feet wouldn’t move.  What was holding them?  I was in a dark corner of the basement and I couldn’t go either way because of the walls against me.  If I pushed on them, it was as if there was a heavy weight holding me back.  My pursuer was getting closer.  I had no choice because I couldn’t turn and fight someone that I couldn’t see.  How do you fight a ghost?
Then I woke up.  I’d tangled my feet in the sheets.  It felt as though I was tied up in them, but I didn’t want to battle against them now because my heart was still beating so fast.  I tried to remain still while I settled down.  Then after a couple minutes, I had to use my hands to figure out how to free my legs.
It was still dark.  I checked my watch to see that it was 5 AM.  That was a typical wake up time for me now that I was going to bed so early.  It would be a long time before the Sun was up.
I feared that if I fell asleep again, I might have the same nightmare.  If I didn’t fall asleep, I’d just lay there and worry.
I couldn’t delay coming up with solutions for the water.  Yet, would it be easier to move my family away?  Several neighbors had moved out.  They must have known that there was a place to go.  I thought there was only one water system for the metro area, but maybe I was wrong, and they were moving to a different area that had water.  Alternatively, they could have gone to a nearby state that the blackouts hadn’t affected.
Should we go?  If I could figure out where to go, we could consider it.  One problem would be that we couldn’t all fit in one car.  Neither of our cars could hold six people.  It wouldn’t be a good idea to take two cars, because Ann’s was already lower on gas.  If it ran out, then what would we do?  In addition, I didn’t think it was a good idea to split up.  Where could I safely leave my children while I came back for Ann and her parents?
On top of all that, I wanted to stay near work.  If power came back on and people started coming back to work, I needed to be there to head my division.  If coworkers started snooping, they might find things that they weren’t supposed to know about.  I thought we had to stay.
Water shortage was our biggest problem with staying.  I guessed that we had a week’s worth remaining, but I had no way to confirm it.  We could run out in just a few more days if we used too much water to wash hands and faces.
I recalled that my library book had a chapter on water.  I could read that if it wasn’t dark.  It was dark about eleven hours a day, and I didn’t sleep that long.  Another thing I needed to do was come up with a plan on how to use my time in the dark.  I didn’t think that the book had a section on light.  I could continue using flashlights, but eventually, it would run out of batteries.  However, in the short term, I needed more time, and the artificial light provided it.
I read some of the book.  In many ways, it emphasized survival issues if you were suddenly lost in a forest.  For example, it recommended a transpiration bag, which was any bag, placed around a green tree branch.  Trees naturally brought moisture from the ground into the leaves where it evaporated.  You could collect that.  However, the volume of water was just for one person.  It wouldn’t work for me now because only a couple trees had buds, and none were green.
Drinking from a stream or lake was never recommended except for short-term emergencies.  If you were going to die otherwise, it was better to drink the water.  Then after you were rescued, you could be treated for all the diseases you picked up.  There was a stream about a mile south of here.
I skipped ahead and saw that water wells were an option.  Most wells would provide enough water for a family.  That might be best for our location.  I knew that the groundwater level must be very high.  The metro area is very flat, and it was known for many natural springs that were there before development came.  I turned off my flashlight as I thought.
This reminded me of my grandfather.  He did many crazy things.  For example, he was a dowser, which meant he used a willow tree branch to point to water sources.  Some might call it witchcraft, but as I got older, I thought of it as superstition because wherever you dug, you would find water there eventually.  You didn’t need a stick to point to the right spot.
Normally, groundwater matched the level of the height of water in streams in lakes.  As you moved away from the stream, the water would rise because it flowed towards the stream.  I guessed that the stream a mile away was about 10 feet down in a ditch.  That meant that if I dug in the bed of the stream, I might only need to go down a few inches to find water.  A mile away, I might only have to dig 8 or 9 feet.
Just a few weeks ago, there had still been a temporary lake in the park.  All winter there is a mud puddle there.  It dries up in spring.  That made me think that the water could be as little as a couple feet down.  However, I assumed the water going into the ground all leaked into the sewer system.  I knew that happened at our church because I could hear a constant trickle when I listened in the basement sump pit.
If the water level had matched the level of the sewer pipes, then I could estimate its depth.  I thought that the sewer pipes were a foot or two below the basement, and the floor for all the basements around here were about 6 feet underground.  That would mean that I’d have to dig 8 feet.  That sounded like a lot of work.
I turned on my flashlight again and read more.  One man could dig a well that deep in normal soil in one or two days.  However, digging was the easy part.  A well needed to be supported by a brick liner to keep soil from collapsing.  In addition, you didn’t want topsoil to wash into the pit because it was full of microorganisms.  It could take a week or more to line the well with grouted bricks as you went.  I had no idea where I’d get mortar for the bricks, but I had some garden bricks.  If I perfectly arranged them in a circle to arch the pressure, it might hold it without cement, but when I dug under for the next layer, they’d all fall, if loose.
Another problem is that I thought the water would be muddy.  It might be free of microorganisms, but that wouldn’t convince anyone to drink it.  It’d be good enough for laundry and bathing if it wasn’t too brown.
That reminded me of my towels outside.  I could find them in the dim morning light.  I got up to get mine, and it felt icy.  The neighbors might see if I stripped naked out there, so I’d find a private place inside.
“Are you hungry for breakfast?” Ann asked as I walked past the couch toward the bathroom.
“In a minute,” I said.  “I’m trying something.”
The towel made me shiver as I rubbed it over my body.  Nevertheless, I felt much better.  I put on only my pants again while I went into our bedroom and quietly pulled out fresh clothes.  I dressed in the bathroom so as not to disturb Ann’s parents.
Ann had the cereal boxes out for us.  It was bright enough to see what we were eating.  I told her about the dew on the towels.
“Brrr,” she said as she pretended to shiver.
“The dew will all eventually evaporate.  If you want to try it, you can’t wait too long.”
“Hmm.  Okay,” she said.
We had eaten our allotted amounts of food.  I could easily eat more.
“I think that I am colder because you have us on diets,” she said.  “When I eat more, I am warmer.”
“It makes sense.  The body burns all those calories to create heat.  Sorry, you’ll have to just bundle up more.”
“It is still very cold.  It has to be worse for mom and dad, but they don’t say much.”
“Yes,” I said.  “You must have seen me sitting in my car yesterday.  That worked great.”
“Yes, I saw.”
“Do you want to try it with your parents?”
“They wouldn’t understand,” she said.  “They’d wonder why we weren’t going anywhere.”
“I think your mom would hardly realize that she’s in a car.”
“She knows,” she said.  I shrugged.  “…but, yes, dad would be worse.”
I sat for a few minutes thinking.  Life was less rushed now, so I could just sit doing nothing.
I had just taken my vitamins with my breakfast.  I was taking a B multi-vitamin.  I’d recently been diagnosed with a genetic defect related to creating folate.  I’d gotten it from both parents.  One of the B vitamins was niacin that flushed the skin.  I gave it to my kids too because I knew that they must have the defect from whichever of my genes they inherited.
“I am probably warmer than the rest of you,” I said.  “Ever since I started taking my vitamin, I’ve been a lot warmer.”
“You have felt warm this week?”
“No, but for years before I was cold all the time.  Anyhow, what do you think of giving it to your parents?  You could take it too.”
“Mom won’t swallow pills,” Ann said.  “All her meds are now all liquid or crushed in food.  It is hard enough to get her to take them all now.”
“What about Ron?”
“Would it interact with everything he’s already taking?”
“I don’t know,” I said.  “I’ll check.”  When Ron and Mary had moved to the assisted living facility, the staff refused to take any medicines that had already been dispensed.  Rather than throwing them away, I kept them.  Sitting there for two years had probably made them go stale, but as a last resort, I could have Ann give them to her parents.  I went to look at them just as the kids were getting up.
It was a little lighter outside, so I sat on the front porch going through the medicines.  We still had all the printed information that went with them.  I read it and didn’t find any restrictions on niacin.
I saw Jason come out to his SUV.  He must have slept indoors last night.  I waved to him, but he didn’t see me as he drove away.
“It is fine for Ron,” I said as I went in.
“You are sure?”
“Yes, I checked.”  She thought for a moment.
“I’ve been noticing that the fridge stinks,” she said.
“Everything must be rotting inside,” I said.
“What can we do about it?” she asked.  She meant: what was I going to do about it?  Her parents would wake soon, and then she’d be busy.
If I opened the fridge, the whole house would stink.  Whatever I did, it would have to wait for the kids to finish eating.
If I opened it and put all the food in trash bags, I could open the windows for fresh air.  This was the coldest part of the day.  I could wait until later.  However, it was better to deal with the smell before it got worse.
I wondered if we could push the fridge outside.  Then I wouldn’t have to worry about stinking up the house.  I don’t know how they got it through the doorway when it was delivered.  Ann and I might not manage to get it back up the steps.  We’d have to leave it out in the weather.  We could afford a new one, but who knew if we could even get one.
The kids were done with breakfast.  I’d heard Ann talking to her parents, so it wouldn’t be long until they came to eat.  I grabbed the box of trash bags and started the process.
I almost threw up from the overwhelming smell when I opened the fridge door.  Nothing looked disgusting, but the smell was enough.  Quickly I dropped things in the bag.  I checked the freezer too, but that was empty.
Then I tied up the bag and took it out.  I had a pile of trash near the trashcans.  When I got back in the kitchen, it didn’t smell as bad to me.
“Phew,” said Ann.  “Shall we open the windows?”
“You’ll get used to it.  I am.”
“Still, is it healthy?”
“We are already stinking the house up from body odor.  Well, some of you still are,” I said.
“I get the message,” Ann said as she returned to her parents.  I went around and opened window shades for sunlight.

I sat down and let time pass.  I thought more about how difficult it would be to restart projects at work.
The problem with getting the power back on was that there were so many blown transformers.  I wondered if there was any way that I could be helpful to the utility workers.  Could I map where all the bad ones were?  I was assuming that the ones that didn’t look burnt were okay.  It would be less of a task to map where the good new ones were since there were so few.  I assumed they already knew that from their records.
Only a few people might have electricity when the power finally came back on.  They would be the people living in homes connected to the new transformers.  With many people moving out, those houses might not even be occupied.  That would be ironic.
Looking out of the window, I noticed that Jason was returning.  I got up and went out to talk to him.
“Hello,” I said.
“It is worse than we thought,” Jason said.
“What is?”
“I have a church friend with a ham radio.  He couldn’t use it until last night.”
“Does he run it off batteries?”
“He has a generator,” he said.  “He thought it was broken, but last night for the first time, he could pick up transmissions.  The news isn’t good.”
“Oh?”
“In the US, all the northern states were hit.  That is two-thirds of the population of the whole country.”
“Wow,” I said.
“Even Europe was hit.  However, they were hit later by another wave.  They have it worse because they are farther north.
“Memphis is the closest city that has any services at all.  They have water, but no electricity except in a few neighborhoods.”
“Is that where everyone has gone?” I asked.
“I don’t know.  Apparently, there is a connection between the solar storm and the weird weather.”
“I’ve noticed that it is different.”
“After an event, it is cold and there is less rain for up to a year,” he said.  I cursed.  I could handle the cold for a week or two until spring came, but not if it stayed this way.
“You don’t mean the whole year is cold?  How would they know that?  They must mean it is colder than normal,” I said.
“Maybe.”
“It is probably because there are fewer clouds.  When there are no clouds, the heat radiates away faster.”
“Really?” he asked.
“Yes.  It is the greenhouse effect.”
“Did the solar flare blast away the clouds?” he asked.  I shrugged.  That wouldn’t last a whole year.  They would return.
“Did you hear anything else?”
“No, that was too much already,” he said.  I nodded, but then I realized that my head was hurting, so I stopped.
“It is depressing enough hearing that much,” I said as I rubbed my head.  Jason smiled.  I wondered what would make him smile.
“You know it must all be God’s plan for us,” he said.  I was confused.  “That’s what the Wednesday night sermon was about.  We need to be at peace with whatever comes.”  I nodded briefly to show that I’d heard him.  He usually went to church twice a week.  I wasn’t going to follow up with questions so he could preach to me.  Had his pastor told him why it was so great that God had done this to us?  I assumed the message was just encouragement to try to deal with things.

I went back home.  It was getting close to lunchtime.  For variety, I got out two cans of tuna.  Ann would complain about dry, flavorless tuna, and I’d just thrown out the rotten mayonnaise.  We had a fresh bottle, but I wasn’t going to waste it on this.  Mayo’s flavor was partly from oil and partly zing.  We had cooking oil that I could add.  In addition, I had spices and chili powder.  It was best to let each person decide if they wanted it.
I called everyone in for lunch.  When people came, I took their orders for how they wanted it.  Nobody tried the chili powder.
As we ate, I told Ann about what Jason had said.  She had wide eyes as she listened.
“There goes our retirement savings,” she said.
“You mean the stock markets are probably bottoming out?” I questioned.
“Yes.”
“What’s wrong?” Lily said.
“We were just saying that we own stocks,” I said.  “They probably aren’t worth very much now.  The economy is shot, but we’ll be okay financially.”
“It could take years for the economy to recover,” Ann said.  “It took one year for them to get the electricity completely back on in Puerto Rico after that hurricane, and we could both be out of jobs.”  Puerto Rico was just one island, and electric workers from across the US went to help them.
“We’ll be fine.”  I tried to change the subject a little bit.  “You know that the stocks would have been better off if the solar flare was only half as bad.  Some companies do well in disasters.  Someone has to sell all the new refrigerators and other stuff we need.”
“True,” said Ann.
Frank finished eating and ran away so he wouldn’t have to listen.  Normally Frank would find a video game to occupy his time in his hiding spot.  Instead, he went out the back door.  However, Lily stayed and listened to everything we said.
“Gold is probably going up in price now,” I said.  “We have one gold coin that grandpa gave to mom.”  I meant my mom.  I’d bought it from her when she needed funds for retirement.
“Companies that mine gold must be going up in value,” I said.  “We probably have some of them mixed in our portfolio.  Maybe it will even out over the long run.”  I was trying to be hopeful.  One coin or a few stocks wouldn’t be worth enough to offset our losses.
Ann hadn’t been paying attention to her mom.  Now Mary was rejecting the baby food.  Ann focused on her.  I cleared my plate to the counter.  I’d come back later to wipe the dishes.  Lily got up too and went to her room.  She looked worried.
Sitting in my chair, I kept thinking about investments.  If we’d only known that the solar flare was coming, I could have put all our money in gold.  We’d be millionaires now.  However, that assumed there would be anyone around to buy the gold from us.  Many people had left.  I spent a lot of time thinking about what I should have done.
Since Jason’s friend had a working radio, I got mine out to try again.  It was still completely static.  Radio waves could travel a few hundred miles in the best conditions.  I wasn’t getting any reception so that meant that at least for a couple hundred miles in every direction, people were still without power.
Later, I thought about my family.  I think I understood how Frank was handling stress better than I understood Ann and Lily.  In that respect, I thought Frank was like me when I was a kid.  Stress didn’t exist because I denied it.  Still, I thought I should go by Ethan’s house just to check in with his family.
Ben answered the door and let me in.  Ted was there, and he was drinking from a two-liter bottle of orange soda pop.
“Hi,” I said.  “I was just making sure that Frank isn’t a burden for you.”
“No, he’s entertainment.  He keeps Ethan busy.  Sometimes Patty and the rest of us get a kick out what he says too.  The three of them are in the basement now.”  I nodded.
“Did you find a place selling food?” I asked Ted.
“Yes.  I found a gas station open,” he said.  “He was selling gas for $10 a gallon.”
“How’d he pump the gas?” I asked.
“A generator.  Also, he had a few snacks.  He was charging ten times the normal price.”
“Wow,” I said.  At that rate, I had cash for two candy bars.
“However, he was taking credit cards.”
“Really?  How?”
“He had some of the old papers.  But the laugh is on him, I’ll cancel my credit card before he can submit the receipts,” Ted said.  I didn’t think that would change anything.
“The gas was really helpful.  I try to drive a little each day to find places that are open,” Ted said.
“Was there much left on the shelves?” I asked.  I had a good credit limit, although Ann was worried it would be ruined since we couldn’t mail in our payment.
“Not by now.  That was yesterday.  He might still have gas.  Most people were going right for the food,” he said.  I nodded.  Ted took another swig of orange drink.  I wished he’d told me earlier about finding the place.
“That’s a lot of soda pop to drink all at once,” I said.
“I drink a lot of caffeine,” he said.  “That might be the right amount for a day.”  Watching him drink made me jealous.  There was a year or two when I was a kid that orange was my favorite flavor.  I rarely drank sweetened drinks now.  Most of the time I only had water.
“By the way, I have Ann’s parents at my house too,” I said.  I rolled my eyes.  Ben smiled.
I had wondered if the community should be getting together to plan what to do.  However, that didn’t seem to be what was happening.  Ted had told us about cheating others for food and gas.  People were getting desperate.  If I talked to too many others, eventually I’d find someone with a compelling case for why they needed my food.  I felt that the only result of reaching out was that my food supply would disappear even faster.  I had so many people in my family to feed that I needed to be protective.
I went home and didn’t do much.  I didn’t even think about starting a fire and cooking something to eat.  When I got hungry, I decided we’d go with the easiest plan.
“Are you in the mood for beans or beans for supper?” I asked Ann.
“Well, I guess that I’ll choose beans,” she replied.  We still had some bread to go with it.
“How much food do you still have for Mary?  Do you want to mash up some kidney beans?” I asked.
“She’s good for a while.”
Frank arrived after it was ready.  Then we all sat down.
“That’s all we have again?  I’m going to starve,” Frank said.  I didn’t like hearing him complain.  I was frustrated, but I was very good at keeping calm.  However, my reply wasn’t what he wanted to hear.
“You eat so fast.  Half of your food probably isn’t even digested and goes through your system whole.  Chew slowly and completely, and it will be like eating twice as much food,” I said.  He wasn’t looking at me.
“He’s a growing boy,” Ann said.  “He needs more food.”
“That’s true, but that is all we have right now.”  I tried to remain calm.
Ann looked very upset.  Sometimes she would cry if she got that way.
“I am totally stressed about how we are going to survive now.  What are we going to eat and drink?” she asked.
“We’ll be all right,” I said.  “I’ve been looking in the library book.  One thing I am considering is digging a well.”
“Really?  The water is polluted.”
“I’m thinking of it for laundry right now.”
“You want pollution on our clothes?” Ann asked.
“I am not wearing polluted clothes,” yelled Lily.
“I’m not either,” said Frank.
“Okay,” I said.  “I am just thinking about options.”
“…and do you think you could really dig a well safely?”
“Dad, don’t do it,” said Lily.  I didn’t think that Ann knew what she was doing to the kids.  She was winding them up.  I tried to sound reassuring to help settle them down, but it wasn’t working.
“I can…” I started to say, but Ann cut me off.
“No, you can’t.  Don’t even try.”
“What’s going on?” yelled Ron.
“Mom,” Lily yelled, but Ann wasn’t listening.
“Shut up!” I yelled much louder than they were yelling.  The room silenced.  Frank and Lily grabbed their chocolate for dessert and ran out.
It was tough for me when things went wild at home.  It was rare that I had to yell, and as the kids got older, I had to do it less.  I only did it at strategic times.  Their yelling would have only gotten worse if I hadn’t taken control.
Now that everyone was alone, it was easier to deal with him or her one by one.  If Lily and Frank had argued, Ann and I could go to each simultaneously to help them.  However, now that all three were the problem, I had to deal with each by myself.
I looked at Ann, Ron, and Mary.  Ron looked upset but didn’t say anything about it.  He was probably just confused, but with his short-term memory loss, he’d forget about it in a few minutes.  Mary was already moving on because she had also forgotten it.
I got up and followed Frank’s footsteps.  He’d gone outside.  I went out to confirm that he wasn’t standing there but had gone back to Ethan’s house.  I stood for a minute.
I went back inside.  Ann was standing waiting for me.  I couldn’t imagine that she’d suddenly decide to fight me.  Normally, she’d be settled down after a moment of peace.
“Lily is vomiting,” she said calmly.
I put my hand to my face.  I cursed silently.
“She’s in the bathroom,” she said.  “Watch mom and dad.”  I nodded.  Ann went towards the bathroom.
There wasn’t much for me to do except make sure that Ron wouldn’t give Mary any food, but they were done eating.  I’d just sit with them at the table.
There wasn’t much that Ann could do to help Lily.  Sometimes she held back Lily’s hair.
It was the worst news that I could have right now.  It certainly started to affect me more than anything else that I’d heard today.
When Lily vomited, it was dire.  She never vomited just once but would do it for three days straight.  During that time, she couldn’t keep down any liquid.  Three days happened to be the maximum time that someone could go without water.  Many times, we were right to that limit, and were ready to take her to the hospital for fluids, and then she’d start taking sips of water.  One time we took her to the ER, and she started feeling better right when they began to treat her.  Was it the IV, or was it that three days had passed?
For this to happen now was horrible.  I couldn’t imagine what state the hospital was in.  It was possible that they’d be out of IV fluid.  For Lily to be sick any time was nerve-wracking because it lasted so long.  However, this was worse since our options were limited.
Ann got Lily a small pail to vomit into.  She went to the laundry room to get it.  Then Lily went into her room with it so she could lie down.  Three days was a long time to hover over the toilet especially now that it smelled so bad from not being flushed.  When Ann was back up, I replaced the bag on the toilet.
When I passed Lily’s door, it was cracked open less than an inch.  I stood at her door and peered in.  Lily was red-faced.  She was on the bed but turned so her head was over the pail on the floor.  Saliva or vomit dangled from her lips, and then she spit.  Ann sat on a corner of the bed and gave her a cup of water to rinse her mouth.
After half an hour Lily vomited again.  It sounded like coughing.  Lily didn’t continuously vomit, but usually did so sporadically.
I was a zombie.  I couldn’t think. I sat, staring at Mary for an hour.  During that time, Ron got up and found his video card game to play.  Mary started to smell of urine.  I had never helped change her and I wouldn’t know what to do.  Therefore, I got up and told Ann.  She took a break from helping Lily.
We had never clearly figured out why she vomited, but some of the episodes could be related to anxiety.  The argument at suppertime had really affected her.  I couldn’t let this happen again.  No matter what, no matter how bad things were, I could not tell my family about it.
If there was any news that they must know, I had to tell each one of them individually so that I could deal with their reactions.  It was impossible to cope with all their competing needs at once.
Everything would be perfect from now on, or at least that would be the story that I would tell.  It was a weight on my shoulders not to worry anyone else about the state of things.

* * * *


Chapter 9: Day 6, Friday

Ann said for me to follow her.  She wanted to show me something.  As we approached it, I didn’t want to look in.  It was a gravesite, with a freshly dug hole.  There was a corpse at the bottom.  I couldn’t look, but I had to, because I was being pulled toward it.  I prayed that it wasn’t my daughter.
For a second, the face looked like Lily’s. But then I saw that it was me in the grave, looking out.  Next to me were several other open graves filled with bodies.
Then I woke up shivering.  It was partly from the cold, but mainly from fear.  Some of the blankets had come off me in the night.  I pulled them back on, relieved that my dream was not real.
After my heart stopped racing, I looked at the time.  It was later than I had been waking recently.  When I looked toward the window, I saw a glint of light.
I got up and reached for a box of cereal, but something seemed wrong.  I looked again and counted the row of them.  I was sure we had at least one other full carton of granola yesterday.  I hadn’t counted them, but I’d previously estimated how many days we could get out of the amount we had.  Our rations seemed to have been suddenly reduced.
I had been around when everyone had eaten their breakfast the day before.  No one had served themselves too much.  Did someone come back later and gorge on a whole box? It couldn’t be Lily because of the state she was in now. We all ate granola, but it was Frank’s favorite.  He was also the person who’d complained the most about hunger.
Ann and Frank got up to eat as I finished.  I watched them eat.  Neither noticed that the cereal selection had decreased.
Ron and Mary were next to rise.  With Mary using a walker, it took Ann’s help to get her up.  We’d left her wheelchair in the trunk of the car since it didn’t make sense to use it in our small house.
Lily wasn’t making noise.  I hoped that she was asleep.
“Nick,” Ann called.
“Yes,” I said.
“I am using the last of the pads for mom now.  What are we going to do about that?”  Why was she asking me?  She assumed that I had to figure that out.  The good part of it was that I didn’t want her to worry and she was coming to me for the answer.
“How was last night?” I asked.  She looked as if she hadn’t slept.
“Like usual,” Ann said.  When Lily was sick, Ann didn’t sleep very much, but laid in bed most of the night.  She’d hear Lily and jump up, or Lily would call for her.  This time, she had a restless night on the couch.  I’d avoided that by sleeping in the basement.
Mary’s diaper was like a sanitary pad, but fifty times larger.  Ann could use a handful of sanitary pads, but then how long would they last?  That brought up another issue that I wasn’t prepared for.  Eventually we’d run out of supplies for Ann and Lily.  There must be a solution because women had to use something before sanitary pads were invented.  But what had they used before?  I had no ideas.
Fortunately, I had more experience diapering our children when they were younger.  Some parents used cloth diapers on their babies.  We had a few small ones that we used as rags now, but they’d never fit on Mary.  That gave me an idea, but Ann was going to have to be the one to manage it.
“Ann, when you have time, look in the rag box for rags you think would be work for Mary as a diaper.”  There were old shirts, socks, and pants in the large box.  She’d be able to make something work.
“She’s running low on clothes too, especially pants,” Ann said.  She was still in the other room.  “We’re going to have to have water for laundry before long.”
“I know,” I said.  Mary had been losing weight since she relied on others to feed her.  While they lived in the condominium, they never cooked but went out to eat daily, so she had gotten big.  Ann had gotten a little larger over time, so now she and her mom were about the same size.  Hopefully, they could share clothes.
“Try some of your clothes on her,” I said.  “Of course, try the old ones.”  She wouldn’t want her new clothes to get dirty, but we would have given away the old ones eventually anyhow.
“Can you take these out?” Ann asked.  I took the pile of soiled clothes out to the garage where we’d been piling them.
I changed the bag in the toilet again.  Lily’s vomit turned yellow bile.  That happened after she had vomited enough to clear out her system.  However, that wouldn’t stop her from continuing to vomit.
Ann had been carrying the vomit in the bucket to the toilet, and then I had been bagging it up.  I wondered if there was a better way to do it.  If Ann dumped it in a hole outside, then we wouldn’t have to waste bags.  However, I had bigger worries.
I started thinking about water sources again.  Well digging companies could drill a hole.  Their equipment was powered by gas, but they might not be able to find any gas now.  In addition, electrical pumps to get water out wouldn’t work.
If I dug a well as a hole…  I stopped at that thought for a moment.  I recalled my dream about being stuck in the ground.  I shivered for a second.
If I dug a well, using large equipment would help make it go faster.  For example, a backhoe or a posthole digger would be helpful.  I doubted that I’d be able to find a place open that could rent them.
It’d be a lot easier to put the well right next to the stream.  Of course, it’d be a long walk to get the water, and I’d have to do it on private property.  Another problem was that I’d worry more about contaminants.  The stream sometimes flooded, and that would fill a nearby well with biological and chemical contaminants.  I was worried about foam in the stream from industrial pollution.
Putting the well near our home would be better.  The ground would filter out most of the bad stuff.  How would I tell Ann that I was going to dig a well?  It wouldn’t be easy to convince her that it’d be okay because she was the environmental engineer among us and so she had more authority over those issues than I did.
She was now in the living room with her parents.  I prepared to give her my case.
“I am still working on my idea of making a well,” I said.  “I think it is our best plan for water for laundry and a few other things.”
“It is illegal to put a well in the city,” she said.  Did the city just want to prevent people from having free water?  Did they want to keep competition away from their water system?
“If we have to do it,” I said, “then I’ll do it.  I can’t imagine a judge would send me to jail under these circumstances.”
“We would be fined, not jailed, unless you prevented marshals from coming to fill it in,” she said.  If the police were around, then they had enough other things to occupy their time.
“Why is it illegal?” I asked.  Ann looked stumped as if no one had ever asked.
“It must be the arsenic levels.  It is not okay to drink,” she said.
“Isn’t arsenic one of the chemicals that very slowly builds up in your system?  Isn’t it okay to drink a little of it for a short time?”
“Kind of.”
“…so, if we were doing laundry, we’d be fine,” I said.  “Also, any way to use it would be okay except for drinking.  We could wash hands, and even brush teeth with it.”
“I don’t know.”
“If it is okay to drink for a short time, then certainly it’d be okay to brush teeth.  You spit out most of the water.”
“I guess,” she said.  I was happy that her half-hearted agreement meant I could dig a well.
Just then, Lily began deep coughing which meant she was vomiting again.  Ann got up to help her.  I watched her parents, but they did nothing but sit.
I was always hopeful that Lily would improve immediately when she was sick.  She might go a couple hours without vomiting.  I’d begin to think that she had turned a corner, but then she’d throw up more.  It was hard having your hopes built up and then crushed again.  It had even more meaning now that we had no way of calling an ambulance.  Each time I heard Lily’s deep cough from vomiting, it was as if I was being stabbed.
I sank into my recliner and leaned back.  I imagined the arms as if they were the sides of a grave.  I was back in my dream again.  I didn’t intentionally visualize that, but it was happening on its own.  I sat there like that for a while.
Frank came out of his room.  I hadn’t paid much attention to whether he’d left after breakfast.  He had one of his books.
“I am reading this book,” he announced, holding up the cover.  “It reminds me of what is happening now.”  He looked worried.
The cover had a zombie on it.  Most zombie books were about apocalyptic events.
“I haven’t seen any zombies yet,” I said.
“Dad…,” he said in a tone that showed he knew I was teasing.
Traditionally, zombies sometimes came out of graveyards.  Other newer stories had people turn into zombies after being bitten by one.  I looked at Frank’s book cover from across the room.
“Have you seen any yet?” I asked.  “Tell me if you do.”
“Dad…,” he said again.
There were many things to be worried about now.  Lily had stopped vomiting for the moment, but it was still fresh in our minds.
“We will be fine.  I have plans.  With some time, I can do whatever we need to do.  However, keep an eye out for zombies.”
He set down his book and then left for Ethan’s house.  That made me think he wasn’t overly concerned about things.
What could we do?  Could I fix the electrical system?  Well, yes, I could.  I was an electrical engineer.  I had more training than any of the line workers, but they had more practice with the tools.  I thought they were overworked and they needed my help.  They must realize by now that it was beyond the point of going through official channels to fill out resumes and sign contracts.  It was time for them to take any help that they could get.
I decided that I would go offer help.  I knew where the utility company’s main warehouse was because I went by it on the way to work.  It was getting close to lunch, so I’d have to take my lunch if I went.
Ann was in the basement, so I went to find her there.  She was going through the rags.  She looked up as I approached.
“I want to go out and check on the electrical grid,” I said.
“Oh?”
“I don’t know if I can offer any advice, but if I can be useful, I’ll stay out as long as supper.  Can you manage preparing that if I am still out?”
“Yes.”  I’d been saving some canned meals that would be easy to open and serve.
“I’ll fix my lunch and take it with me,” I said.  I made it and filled a bottle of water from the bucket.
“Bye,” I said as I went out.
“Bye,” she replied.
The roads looked like it was a holiday weekend and everyone was away, or maybe an early morning and nobody was up yet.  Occasionally I saw a vehicle.  I kept my eyes open for utility trucks.  If I saw one, I would stop and ask for what I could do to help.
I saw some flashing lights as I crossed a major road.  I put on my brakes so I could look.  It was a police car in front of the liquor store.  I kept going.
I counted three burned homes along the way.  Eventually, I got to the warehouse.  At first, I didn’t see anyone, and the gate to the lot was closed.  That would be normal because all the workers would be busy out working somewhere.  However, someone would have to be in the office to manage the work.  They’d be able to tell me what to do.
I parked at the front and got out and then I went to the main door and knocked loudly.  No one came immediately, so I pulled on the handle and felt that it was locked.
I backed up so that I could see the windows.  Nobody looked out at me.  I went to a side door and tried the same thing.  Then I went back to the front.  After knocking there again, I looked through some of the windows.  I could only see the front rooms.  If I had been working there, I’d want to be at the front where light would come in.
There had always been activity here when I passed previously, so someone should be here.   What day was this?  It took me a minute to figure that it was Friday.  That didn’t matter.  Even if it were Sunday, with these problems, they’d be working.
I didn’t understand.  I went back to my car and ate my sandwich.  If they were out, how long would I have to wait?  With such a large crew, it was inevitable that one of the trucks would have to return before long for more supplies.
After I ate, I walked around the facility.  I could see through the fence that the parking lot was empty.  I stood staring at the gate.  How would I find them otherwise?  I got the feeling that they weren’t around at all.
I began thinking of my problems at home.  I had come here on impulse.  It felt like I was escaping the problems that I had there.  Was being here really the best thing for me to do right now?  Maybe, yes.  If they were working on power lines that fed hospitals, then that could make a real difference to Lily in a couple days.  It was certainly better to be here helping than sitting at home depressed, but that depression was catching up to me here.
I looked for activity in the other businesses around.  I walked around the warehouse once more.  I was looking for someone to talk to so that he or she could tell me if the utility workers had been around, but I saw no one.  I gave up and drove home.  I still had more than half a tank of gas, so if I found the workers, I could still help quite a bit.
Jason was outside when I arrived back home.  I parked and then briskly walked over to talk to him.
“I was thinking of talking to you,” Jason said.
“Oh, really?”  I asked.
“Yes, but you go ahead.  You look like you have something to say.”  He had me intrigued, but I really wanted to know if he’d heard anything about electricity from his friend with the radio.  I told Jason about my last two hours.  He nodded.
“The federal government has relocated to an air base in Texas.  We are getting some information that way.  Anyhow, I heard that the priority right now for electrical workers is keeping the nuclear reactors from melting down,” he said.  I cursed.
“Why would they have to do that?” I asked.  “Why would a solar flare cause that type of problem?  I heard a person on TV last week that said everything was protected from flares.”
“The reactors might have been protected, but they said when the electricity production goes down to zero, they have to quickly shut down the nuclear reaction.  They shove the rods into the reactor.  It causes a shock to the core.  Sometimes things go badly after that.”
“Yes, that is called a scram,” I said.  “Does it take thousands of utility line workers just to watch over one reactor?”  He shrugged.
“All I know is that they may have other priorities now,” he said.  “Everything else is pointless if the reactors go.”  I shook my head.  If the utility company wasn’t even fixing the system yet, then our living situation would only get worse.  I put my hand to my head.
“Now that I’ve made you so happy,” he said, sarcastically, “how is your food supply holding out?  I don’t want to beg, but we are really low.”
This was the conversation that I had wanted to avoid.  We had no food to spare.  That was especially true now that we had no hope of an early return to normal life.
I recalled that we would have to finish off some foods as soon as we opened them because they would quickly spoil.  One, for example, was the mayonnaise.  Another was the bottled juice. If we couldn’t finish that stuff off, then I could take the rest to Jason and his family.
“I have an idea for at least a little bit, but let me go check in at home first,” I said.
“No problem,” he said.  I went home and found Ann with her parents.  I didn’t tell her about the electricity, but I did want her opinion about my idea for the juice.  She agreed to it, so I lined up ten glasses.  I filled them equally with juice and it was one large serving for each of us.  I told Ann to give it to her parents, so she got a straw for Mary.
Then I put five glasses on a plate to help carry them to Jason.  He thanked me and looked relieved when I handed it to him, and then he disappeared inside.  I didn’t want to sit around waiting for him to return the glasses because I wanted my own juice, so I went back and drank it.  Then I put plastic over Frank’s glass and placed in on the windowsill outside.  He could drink it when he returned.
Food was becoming a more important issue as time went along.  I had ideas about what to do for water, but not for food.
Was it possible for us to stay here?  If we had to drive to Memphis, we should go before it was too late.  I had spent time today driving around and using up my gas.  We couldn’t make it very far without filling up.  However, there may be some places still selling gas at high rates.  That wouldn’t work.  Instead, we needed to stay.
My brain raced through some ideas to help.  We had a small garden, but the green onions were the only thing that would come back in a few weeks.  If we got any volunteer tomato plants, it would be August before we could harvest any.
My weird grandpa always talked of odd things like putting garlic juice in his ear.  He’d told us that dandelion green salads were free for picking.  I’d thought we might have to resort to it after my dad’s business went bankrupt, but it had never gotten to that point.
There was a mulberry tree behind us in the neighbor’s yard.  One branch was low enough that I could get some berries off it in the summer.
I had a BB gun.  Currently, I used it to scare away the pigeons at our neighbor’s birdfeeder.  They often sat on the wire above our driveway and left their droppings there.  The BB gun’s power was too low to kill a pigeon from that distance, but it was good for getting them to fly away.  I had had the gun since I was a boy.
I had learned to hunt at my other grandfather’s farm.  He had complained about starlings, but that might have just been a way of encouraging me to use a gun.  He had me get as many of them as I could when I visited.  Starlings were smaller than pigeons, and the BBs were lethal to them.  In addition, dad had a rifle that I’d fired a few times, but I had told him that I never wanted to hunt large animals.  I didn’t think that it was right.  But I could use my BB gun to go after birds when they returned for spring.  I’d seen a few robins, but not other birds yet.  The neighbors wouldn’t appreciate me going across their lawns retrieving the birds that I’d downed.
In addition, I had tried a slingshot on the pigeons, but I decided that that was futile since I had horrible aim.  For slingshot ammo I had used acorns on the pigeons because I just wanted to scare them.  When that didn’t work, I got out the BB gun.
After I’d had a moment to think, I realized that the guidebook had a whole chapter on food.  I got it and sat in my warm car to read.
It said that the most important survival food sources were reed grasses like cattails and phragmites.  You could get 6,000 pounds of flour per acre of reed grass from their roots or green stalks.  You could harvest it any time of year.  Wow.  That was a lot of food.  I saw it everywhere around here.  There was some just a block away.  There was no doubt that I could find many acres of it in all directions.
We used to have more cattails, but the invasive phragmites had taken over most of the marsh in the eastern U.S.  They were about nine feet tall and had a fuzzy top.  Just a small area could probably feed a whole neighborhood.  I didn’t need to worry about food if it was so plentiful.
Suddenly, I was at ease.  I had good options for water and food.  I could make the plan work.
I skimmed through some more parts of the chapter.  Many of the other foods were available mostly in summer.  That gave many options since it was coming soon.  I don’t know what I would have done if this had happened in winter.  Digging phragmites roots in frozen ground would be extremely difficult.
Just an hour ago I’d been very stressed.  Now that I had a small feeling of peace, I put my chair back and closed my eyes.  I tried not to think of anything.  I didn’t think that I would fell asleep, but when I opened my eyes and checked my watch, it was later than I thought it should be.
I was somewhat glad that I hadn’t found the utility workers.  Would they have told me to take a bath in nuclear cooling fluid as I helped them? I started to fear that they might all be dead from radiation poisoning.
I could do nothing, and I was hungry because the juice hadn’t stayed with me long.
I’d told Ann that she could cook supper, but since I was home, I thought I should do it.  She was busy with Lily and her parents.  I went in and wanted to make a meal with pasta, so I needed to get the fire started.
The kitchen table was a little less crowded without Lily there.  I told Frank to bring in his juice cup and he chugged it.  I asked Frank and Ann about their days, but I wasn’t going to talk about mine.
We gave Frank a little more food since Lily wasn’t eating.  Despite that, he still brought up the subject of hunger.
“In old times, people were shorter,” I said.  “That was because they didn’t have as much food.  Maybe you won’t grow as tall, but you won’t starve.  I have some really promising plans for food.”
“…so, I can eat more?” he asked.
“The food we will get won’t be the same as going to the grocery store.  If you want to eat more, you may have to work more to obtain it,” I said.  He looked displeased.  With his sister ill and unable to eat, I thought Frank was ungrateful for the food we could give him.
After supper, I sat in my chair.  I didn’t want to think about Lily.  I hadn’t heard her vomit in a while, but I tried not to get my hopes up.  After a while, I heard Lily yell, “Mom!” and Ann jumped up.  When Ann came out 10 minutes later, I was curious about what I could do to help.
“Is she warm enough?  Does she want the hot coals tonight?”
“She’s already warmed up her bed.  She has blankets,” Ann said.
The evenings were short since it got dark before 8 PM, and I had many chores to do each day.  With the little time I had, I tried to read more to distract myself from stress.  So, as the evening ended, I decided to read a little in the guidebook about laundry.

* * * *


Chapter 10: Day 7, Saturday

My nightmare this time was about hunger.  Despite having a promising solution, I still worried about it.  I dreamt that a crowd of strangers was trampling on the reed grass while I was trying to pull it.  They didn’t care that I needed to eat it.  They were laughing and having fun.  I was awake now and tried to shake that thought out of my head.  It was still the middle of the night, so I sat and thought.
Ann was a picky eater.  She could eat healthy food only if she told herself that it was good for her.  Of course, the kids were a little picky too, but not as bad as when they were young.  Ann complained even if her apple was too mealy.  I wondered what sort of complaints I’d get from her about harvesting wild food.
I started thinking about water too.  I was still on the couch in the basement.  The water level could be just two feet below me.
It might be easier to break through the concrete to get to the water.  The floor slab was most likely four inches thick, and probably had no steel in it.  I had a sledgehammer and had used it before to break up concrete.  It’d take me a few hours to make a large hole in the floor.  A jackhammer would take care of it in minutes, but I couldn’t rent one now.
An advantage of having the well in the basement was that it was much safer.  If the hole only needed to be a couple feet deep, then cave-ins wouldn’t be a problem and I wouldn’t need a brick liner.  In addition, the unbroken part of the floor slab would provide a solid edge to stand on.
Would it have any more pollution than from an outside well?  I had kept saying that I’d use the new water for laundering.  However, if the power outage lasted longer than I thought, I’d need a source of drinking water.  If there were any industrial pollutants in the water, they wouldn’t be any different under the house.  The same groundwater flows through both places.  However, I considered whether sewer backups were likely to make it to a potential well under the floor.
Drain tile was piped around the foundation and it was connected to the sewer.  Basements usually had a gravel or sand base below the concrete, so that meant the sewer was connected to it.  If the water in the pipes got too high, it could come into the basement through the well.
At first, that made me rule out the idea of getting water from under the house.  However, I really liked the safety of it, and that I wouldn’t have to find brick mortar for a well liner.  Yet, drinking that water would be like drinking from the river.
The water that we normally drank had come through pipes from a river.  It wasn’t impossible to clean, just challenging with what I had available.  Still, that might be easier than spending a week digging a deep well and lining it.  I sat for a while going back over the same troubling thoughts.
When I awoke in the morning, it was light out and I heard Ann, so I got up.  The cereal boxes didn’t look any lower than they had the day before.  If someone was taking them, he or she hadn’t done so yet today.
“I’ll be out of underclothes for mom soon,” Ann said.  “I have dozens of outfits for all seasons that she can wear, but I’ve only ever had about a dozen underpants.  I can’t loan more than a couple to her or I’ll run out too.”
“I am thinking about the same thing for me.  I’m running low too,” I said.  “I will work on the water well before long.  I am just finalizing my plans.”  She nodded.
“I have been thinking about food,” I said.  “There are phragmites growing nearby that I could harvest.”
“You are pronouncing it ‘frag-mights,’ but the right way is ‘frag-my-tees,’” she said.  I shrugged.
“We could get more than enough phragmites to feed ourselves,” I said.  She started to correct my pronunciation again.
“Okay,” I said, “phrags.  We could eat them.”
“That would be good because that would mean there would be more grocery store food we can keep for mom and dad,” she said.
“No, they have to eat it too.  We might need the grocery store food for emergencies.  Most of it will keep for a long time.  They have to eat what I give them,” I said.  She’d have to eat that too.
“They will lose weight.” That was good in Ron’s case. He was very overweight.  “For old people, they say it is good to be heavier, so you have a reserve,” she said.  I wondered for a moment if Ron was the person stealing the cereal.  No, he couldn’t be sly enough to get away with it.  Ann would have seen him.
“…and mom is thin,” she said.  She wasn’t thin, but she was getting down to normal weight.
“She still has a long way to go before you need to be concerned,” I said.
“Also, this past week, I’ve felt faint sometimes.  I’m not getting enough food.”  Feeling faint wasn’t the end of the world.  I didn’t think she’d need more food just to avoid that feeling.
I considered again whether Ann could be taking the cereal.  I could ask her, but even if she was innocent, she’d take it badly.  I could ask her very politely, and she’d still be upset.
“I will still feed them groceries,” she said.
“That is fine if you want your kids to die.”  I knew I was being very cruel, but she didn’t seem to understand.
“What?” she asked with a snap.
“That will mean that we won’t have the emergency food for when we really need it.”  With Lily feeling so weak, it was a horrible thing to say to Ann.  She started crying.  She got up and went away so I couldn’t follow her.  The truth was that when Lily recovered, she’d need food that was easy to digest.  Food from outside might be too wild for her.  I tried to tell myself that Lily would get better.  This was going to be her second full day being sick, so tomorrow would be the moment of truth.
I sat in my chair and pretended to read as Frank and Ron got up and ate.  I listened as each poured their cereal.  I counted as I heard the boxes being placed back on the shelf.  Nothing suspicious happened.
Out of the window, I noticed the first cloud in a week.  It had been hazy late yesterday, but that didn’t count.  The cloud was a good sign.  Maybe there was hope.
I went about my morning chores.  First, I refilled the bucket of water for the kitchen.  As I was doing things, I tried to keep an eye and ear toward the kitchen.  While I was upstairs, Ann came out with Mary.
“I want to try mom on something new,” Ann said.  I was glad that Ann was not crying.  I wasn’t going to distract her with an apology now.  “I want to see if I can make cereal mushy enough that she can eat it.”
“That sounds like a good idea.  Some baby food is just mashed up cereal,” I said.  Using our cereal would make it disappear faster, however, I thought that Ann might be offering an olive branch.  By trying new foods with her mom, she was showing that she was trying to make things work out with our food plan.
“I was wondering whether you had already tried that,” I said.  I was telling a lie, but it was a good way to introduce my concern in a positive way.  “It seemed like our cereal is going down faster than it should.”
“Oh, really?”  She seemed surprised.

Lily started vomiting again.  My hopes were destroyed.  However, I couldn’t dwell on my fears.  I needed to move on.
I tried to ignore hearing Lily, but my head suddenly started to hurt badly.  I went to take ibuprofen with some water.  Then I hid downstairs where I could hear her less clearly.
For a long time, I tried to focus on having my headache go away.  Sometimes that worked.  Either the medicine kicked in or focusing helped because it slowly went away.
How could I ignore Lily?  She and Frank were the future of the family.  Ann and I would eventually pass away, and they would carry on the next generation.  Everything I did was really for them.  If I lost Lily, half of my life, half of my future would be gone.
Yet, I needed to work as if the rest of us would survive.  I cried at the thought.  No matter what happened to Lily, I needed to make sure that Frank, Ann, and I would live.  Ann could watch Lily by herself.
Our biggest problem right now was water.  My idea for a well had the problem of potential contamination.
It was light enough in the basement to read if I sat under the window, so I went up to get my library book and returned.  I opened it to the chapter on water.  I wanted to see what I could learn.
There was a very long section about industrial pollutants in the groundwater.  We weren’t downhill from any factories, but just by being in a city, there could be many sources of pollution like gas stations and laundromats.  We had a gas station just one block away.  If there were a leak, the chemicals would probably have flowed south from there because that is the downhill direction to the stream.  It was two miles to the closest laundromat, and we were nowhere near landfills.  With so many houses around, odds were that someone had spilled or dumped liquids on the ground.  Maybe even lawn chemicals had made it to the groundwater.
The book focused on using biochar to clean urban well water.  Biochar was enhanced ash or charcoal.  However, the book gave long and complicated instructions for making it perfectly.  The ash had to be made in a high temperature stove with limited oxygen, and then crushed.  I didn’t know if I had the time to do all the steps that were required.
An advantage of charcoal was that it absorbed industrial pollutants and some arsenic too.  Ann had been concerned about arsenic.
Yet, a problem was that biochar did nothing to stop microorganisms.  I guessed that normally when making wells, you assumed that there were no biological contaminants.  That might not be true if I got the water from under the basement.
It was a lot of work to make biochar, and there was some risk too.  You needed the temperature just right to dissolve the tars in the wood.  If I didn’t think there were any industrial pollutants in our water, then it wouldn’t be worth the risk and time to make the charcoal.  I told myself that if any chemicals were in the water, they would be at low levels, and we’d only have to drink the water for a short time until the power blackout ended.

At lunch, I opened cans of tuna again and we ate the last of the bread.
“You used to make bread when the kids were young,” I said to Ann.
“Yes, I have flour and everything I need, but how could I cook it?”
“Would a fire work?” I asked.
“It is too hot.  I’d need low heat for a long time.”
“You could put the bread near the fire, but not on it.”
“Yes, but would only the near side bake?  I’d have to constantly turn it,” she said.
“…or put it in a thin pan so it was heated evenly.”
“Pancakes?  We have no eggs.”
“No, I meant pan bread,” I said.
“What about your solar oven?” she said.  All I’d used my invention for was to warm leftovers.
“We could try it,” I said.  “If it doesn’t bake the bread completely, we could finish it off over the fire.  Shall we try with something for supper?”
“Oh, I just thought that without the bread machine, it is more work to mix the dough, but I can handle that.  When should I start?  I need to have time for it to rise too.”
“The solar oven might be slow, so we should plan on using the whole afternoon.”  The temperature of the oven was directly related to how much light you could collect.  I’d want more light than I’d had before to make it hotter.  In addition, I thought about whether a large loaf of bread would fit in the box that I’d used.
“How much are you making?” I asked Ann.  She showed me the pan.
I wanted more light.  That was one good thing about having no clouds is that I didn’t have to worry about our oven “turning off.”  I’d seen a solar oven at a camping show once.  It had large mirrors.  Our house had several mirrors, so maybe I could take a couple outside.  In my head, I counted four large mirrors, and a couple tiny ones.  Ann wouldn’t want me to bring the large mirror out from off her dresser, but we really didn’t need the one across from the toilet in the basement.
I got my tools and unscrewed the mirror.  Then I carefully carried it outside and lay it flat on the ground.  One mirror should double the temperature in the oven. I could put mirrors around all sides, but if I did, I’d want to prop them up with a wood structure so they wouldn’t blow over in the wind.
As the Sun would move throughout the afternoon, I would have to reposition the mirror.  Instead, the oven would be easier to move than the mirror.  I estimated where the Sun would be in an hour and set it up that way.  I told Ann it was ready.

While outside, I noticed two different neighbors packing their cars at the same time.  I wondered if there was recent news that was scaring them away all at once.  Did they get news from ham radios too?  One of the neighbors was Mr. and Mrs. Ahmed.  Since I knew them, I decided to go find out.
“Hello,” I said, as I got close.  “Packing up?”
“Yes,” said Mr. Ahmed.  He stopped to talk.  “We are out of water.  We’ve been out of food since yesterday.”
“Oh,” I said.  “We are really low too.”  I didn’t want to offer him any of it.
“I bet you are with a family.”  I figured they must not have been as careful with their water.
“What are your plans?”  I asked.
“We heard everyone is going south.”
“Do you have gas?”
“We haven’t even used Rasha’s car this week,” he said.
“Okay.  Good luck to you,” I said as I waved.
“…and to you,” he said.  I waked away.  One tank of gas might get them almost to Tennessee if they drove slowly and economically.
While I was out, I decided to go see Ben.  I guessed that Frank was with Ethan since he was there more frequently than at home.
“How are you doing?” Ben asked.
“Okay.  Did Frank tell you Lily was sick?”
“No.  I’m sorry.”
“Thanks,” I said.  “Did you know the Ahmed’s on our block?”
“No.”
“They are just moving out.”
“A lot of people have left from here too.  It is tough staying,” Ben said.
“Yes,” I said.  “Ted, are you still finding gas for sale?”  He was sitting on the couch.
“I have found it for $20 a gallon and cash only,” Ted said.
“I could afford about a gallon and a half,” said Ben.
“Yes, me too,” I said.  “I was out for a while yesterday.  Does anyone know what was going on at the liquor store?”
“Some guys drove their truck through the front door late Thursday,” Ted said.
“Really?” I said.  “The police were there when I went by yesterday.”
“They put up warning tape and left,” Ted said.  I shook my head.  “If you have a problem with alcohol, it is really tough to give it up.”  I nodded.
I asked about Frank and Ethan and then left.  When I got back, I checked on the baking bread.  I adjusted the angles and poked the bread to see if the Sun was having an effect.  The dough was warm.
I moved a chair close and then got a magazine from inside.  It was cold outside, but usually I was warmer moving around.  It wasn’t very warm sitting there, but I managed.  I wanted to keep track of the baking.  An hour later, the bread appeared done.  I asked Ann to check it and she agreed.
For supper we had large slices of bread, some baked beans, and canned vegetables.  Ann thinned some beans with water for her mother.
“That worked well,” I said.  “How much flour does it take to make a loaf of bread?”
“A couple cups,” Ann said.
“If we make one loaf a day, then how long should the flour last us?”
“A few days.”  I nodded.
In the evening, I did my chores such as setting out towels again for collecting dew.  Otherwise, I just sat.  I put the solar oven on the back porch so the flimsy cardboard wouldn’t blow away.

* * * *


Chapter 11: Day 8, Sunday

When I woke Sunday, I checked my watch.  It seemed unusually bright for being so early still.
I went upstairs to look out the window.  There was a little snow on the ground.  On the pavement, the snow had already melted. The sunlight was bouncing off the ground like a mirror.  There weren’t many clouds still visible.
I was glad to see precipitation finally because that meant things were back to normal.  It wasn’t unusual to have snow here even up to the first week of April.
I guess that meant that my plan for using the dew on my towel wouldn’t work, because it would be ice.  However, eventually the snow would melt, and the towels would dampen.
I ate my breakfast.  I cursed when I saw another cereal box was missing.  I knew I was right this time because I had taken a better count of them after the first incident.  When had it disappeared?  It was sometime since yesterday morning.  I thought of looking for the empty box.  That might lead me to the thief.
The snow was such a waste.  We were becoming more desperate for water, but the snow would just melt and go into the ground.  The daytime high temperatures had been above freezing every day.  The snow would be gone by noon.
The snow should be clean since it was fresh. Could I scrape off the top of it to save for drinking?  No, it was so thin that I doubted I could get much.
Still, I needed to try to get some fresh water.  How would I get it?  Pinching it with fingers would take forever.  The snow shovels were mostly clean because all we ever used them for was scoping snow.  I could always wash it with a handful of snow first.  Yet, I thought the snow was too thin for a clumsy tool like that.
I thought of using a large knife to cut the top of the snow and a spatula to collect it into a pan.  I grabbed those tools and went out.  Ann looked at me with a raised eyebrow.  I could melt it for drinking in my solar oven, or I could put it in a dark trash bag in the sun.  That would warm it too.
I sat on the driveway and used my tools.  But the snow was just not deep enough.  I couldn’t get any without getting grass too.  It was the old brown winter grass too.  I imagined it as rotten.  True or not, it turned me off to the idea.  If it had been green summer grass, then I’d have been less concerned, but then of course it didn’t snow in mid-summer.
There was no way to get perfectly clean snow.  I put my tools away as I considered my options.  I thought it was a cleaner and easier to get water that way than from a well.  I could still use it for laundry if I collected it now with a shovel.
When Ron and Mary moved out of their condominium, we kept their trashcan.  It was impossible to throw away a trashcan because how did you get the hauler to take it?  It was in good condition and it would hold snow.  I went behind our garage to get it, and then I opened the garage to retrieve the snow shovel.
First, I tried scooping the snow.  I was getting less than half of it.  Second, I turned the shovel over and scrapped.  That worked well except for being so slow.  I was getting a lot of grass, but I could let it settle out when it melted.
Slowly but surely, I was getting more snow now.  I recalled that when I’d made a snowman with my kids that sometimes all the snow would come up and it would leave a trail of grass behind.
The snow was wet enough that it would stick together.  I packed the snow that I had already collected into a ball.  It was much easier to start a snowman if you had something to start with.
Then I started rolling my ball.  At first, it was going at about the same slow rate that I was going with my shovel.  However, as I went, the ball got larger and collected snow at a faster rate.  It was picking up less grass than with my scraping, so I was happy with that.
There was a limit to how big I could make the ball.  I had to be able to lift it and it had to fit in the can.  When the first ball got big, I tried to lift it and decided that it was already too big.  Really, there was no reason that I couldn’t chop it into quarters and lift it that way.  I wasn’t making a snowman.
Half of the back lawn filled the trashcan halfway.  At that rate, I could fill two trashcans.
My back ached from being hunched over and lifting the heavy snow.  I took a break to go inside for a drink of water.
Inside, I heard Lily vomiting.  It was just a dry heave.  I realized that being outside and active was good for me so that I was distracted.
Frank was in the kitchen.  He looked concerned.
“Is she going to be all right?” he asked.  I didn’t know.
“I think we can pray,” I said.  He nodded.
“I am making snowmen,” I said.  “Do you want to help?”  He shrugged.  “It’s really is to collect water.”  He shrugged again.  “Come out if you change your mind.”  I went back out.
With the last segment from my first snowball, I made a new ball for getting started again.  A few minutes later, Frank joined me.  He took turns with me pushing the ball.  That gave me breathers, so the second half of the back yard went faster.  After that, Frank left.
I needed to decide where to put the snow from the front lawn.  I could empty out our trashcan, recycle bin, and compost bin.  The compost bin was empty, so I started with that one in the front.
There were several neighbors still around.  I wondered if they thought I was crazy playing around at a time like this.
After I finished with the front lawn, I looked at the places that I’d missed.  It was hard work, but I would regret it if I didn’t collect it.  I went around to those spots and got more.
Next, I looked at the roofs of the house and garage.  With the Sun out, the snow was starting to melt.  It wasn’t as large an area as the lawns, but still it’d be a waste to let that water go away.
People had rain barrels for collecting water to use on their lawn.  It never made sense to me because they were collecting water that would go onto the lawn anyhow.  However, I could do that same thing now for laundry water.
I dumped the trash and recycling on the ground.  I already had a pile on the driveway of other trash.  The cans weren’t clean, but we weren’t going to drink the water.  I put one can at the front downspout.  I got my tools and cut off the downspout at the height of the can.  Then I slipped the downspout under so the rim of the can and spout overlapped.  The water immediately trickled into the bottom.
At the back, we had three downspouts because of the porch.  Moreover, there was one on the garage.  I figured the porch downspout would have the most water, so I put the other can there.  The cans I’d put snow into weren’t completely full, so I put one next to the kitchen and one on the garage.  For the last downspout, I just grabbed a bin and threw it there.

When I went in, it was lunchtime.  Ann had put peanut butter on crackers.  Frank came home to eat.
“Should we make bread again?” she asked.
“Definitely.”
“It isn’t too cold?”
“It isn’t any colder than yesterday,” I said.
After I ate, I took a nap.  I was worn out.

When I woke up, Ann had made bread dough and was taking it outside.  The snow had melted.  I looked at Jason’s house.  They were packing up to leave.  I got up to go talk to them.  Before I got there, Kim and the kids had gotten into the SUV and backed out.  Jason was there waving.
“Are they going south?” I asked.
“Yes.  Her parents are snowbirds.  They retired to the Texas coast.  They can move in with them.”
“I thought I saw her parents still come around.”
“They have a house here too.  I’ve gone over there a few times to get their food and water,” he said.  I nodded.  I wondered if he’d had the food before he had begged juice off me.
“How’d your in-laws decide to go to Texas?”
“He was a concrete contractor.  They’d been going down for years during the slow season.”  Jason paused and then shook his head.  “Kim can’t drive anywhere without GPS.”
“Oh, I remember.  Why’d they decide to go then?” I asked.
“There were lots of reasons.  For example, she was sick and tired of being cold.  I can’t tell her anything,” he said.  I nodded.  “I told my son how to get there.  Basically, he just has to stay on the freeway.”
We stood there silently a minute.  I could see that he was regretting that they were leaving.
“God will watch over them,” he said.
“Yes, He will,” I said.  It was Sunday and that reminded me.
“Did you go to church again this morning?” I asked.  “Is it still active?”
“Most people are still here.  I don’t know what they are going to say about Kim now.  Leaving town isn’t compatible with the message my church is sending.  “Jesus and the apostles were tested, so it is reasonable that if God wanted to test us, He’d orchestrate events just like this.”  I nodded, but I didn’t know what I felt about what he’d said.
“…and Kim is showing that she is not up to the test,” he said.
I’d really been tested this week.  I thought back to Lily and suddenly I didn’t feel like talking anymore.  I turned and left.
We were at a make-or-break moment for Lily.  I knew that she’d die eventually because we all did, but she was too young.  I needed to decide what to do and none of the options were good.
“Lily has had a sip of water,” Ann said.
“Thank God,” I said.
We really wouldn’t know if she was out of the woods for several hours.  Many times, she’d have a sip and then throw up two hours later.
I couldn’t keep myself from being hopeful.  I repeated “Thank God” silently to myself.
I couldn’t think or do anything.  I was on edge.

After an hour, I was becoming a little more confident and settled.  Ann had said Lily was feeling better too.  I hoped that Frank wasn’t still worrying.  I decided to go tell him that things were looking up.
I walked over to the Shoemaker house.  I saw Ben and Ted in the garage but didn’t stop.  I knocked on the door and Betty answered.
“Can I talk to Frank?” I asked.  She nodded and opened the door.
“He’s in Ethan’s room,” she said.
I went to the room.  I smiled so that Frank wouldn’t think I was coming with ominous news.
“Hey,” I said, “I just thought you’d like to know that Lily is feeling better.”
“Good,” said Frank.
I’d never been in Ethan’s room before.  I looked around at all his action figures.  His room was a mess.  He’d even left a box of cereal sitting out.
“Hey, you like the same granola that we do,” I said.
“Not really,” said Ethan.
“I see you have some,” I said pointing.  Ethan and Frank both turned red-faced and ran past me right out of the house.  I was confused.  I saw from the window that they ran down the block towards the rail tracks.
“Thanks,” I said to Betty as I went out.
Somebody was guilty of something; otherwise, they wouldn’t have run out.  Did Ethan steal our food?  No, he rarely came inside.  Did Frank steal it and then keep it hidden here for himself?
I felt that this was the best time to find out.  Delaying would just make them worry that I was going to chase them later.  I might as well do it now.  I walked to the end of the block.  They were standing in the grass strip where they sometimes played kickball.  They looked at me as I approached.
I waved them closer to me.  Frank obeyed and Ethan followed.
“That was cereal from our house, wasn’t it?” I asked.  They nodded.
“Ted is stealing my food,” said Ethan.  “He says it’s my own problem to go out and find food myself.  He’ll kill me if I tell anyone.”  I believed that Ted could say that.  It didn’t matter if he’d actually kill Ethan.  The threat was my concern.
“Please don’t tell,” said Frank.  He was pleading.
“I won’t,” I said quickly so that Frank wouldn’t be upset.  Whether I really would tell Ben was a different matter.
My experience with bullies was that they were full of hot air.  I learned that when you stood up to them, they backed down.
I was proud of Frank.  I wasn’t happy that he had aided in a theft, but I was glad to see that he was doing something to help a friend.
But how could I let it continue?  We needed the food too.
If I was going to feed Ethan, then he or people in his family would have to help with my plan to harvest food.  However, I wasn’t ready for that yet.
“Ethan,” I said.  “When you are hungry, you can come to our house for a small snack.  We don’t have enough food to feed you, but you won’t starve.  Frank knows that I don’t give him much either right now.”  Frank nodded.
“Do you like bread?” I asked Ethan.  We had plenty of that when Ann had made it before.  Ethan nodded.
“Okay, see you later,” I said.  “I’ll probably stop and say ‘hi’ to your dad.”
I walked back the long way around the block.  When I got to Ethan’s house, I saw Ben and Ted.  They were adding logs to a fire pit.
“Hello,” I said as I walked up.
“I’ve got the latest on the liquor store,” Ted said.  His speech was slurred, and he looked dizzy.  “Did you see the fire last night?”
“No,” I said.  Ben looked happy too, but not as wasted.
“Somebody firebombed it out of resentment for the police boarding it up.”
“Have you had a few?” I asked.
“Yes,” said Ted.  “The fire didn’t destroy everything.” He grinned.
“Did the police and fire crew let you pick from the ashes?” I asked.
“What?  No, I haven’t seen any police since Thursday.  I haven’t seen a fire engine at all.”
“So, it sounds like you have food for a while,” I said.  “Well, at least, the adults have something to drink.  Do you still have food for the kids?”
“They’ll be all right,” said Ben.  “Maybe we’ll let them try a drink or two for fun.  Of course, after Frank goes home.”
“You are doing okay with water too?” I asked.  I was feeling wealthy right now with all my snow.
“I’ve got some more ideas,” Ted said.
“What are you two up to now?” I asked as I pointed to the fire preparations.  I hated to intrude, but I was wary of leaving two drunken men to play with matches.
“We’ll have a bonfire later.  You are welcome to come back,” said Ben.  I nodded and left.  I hoped they’d be sober by the time they started the fire.
I held my breath as I came inside my house.  Lily had been improving when I left, but not cured.  To my relief, Ann looked unconcerned with anything.
I went to Lily’s door and peaked in.  She was sitting up reading and seemed okay.
“Do you think she’s going to want anything for supper?” I asked Ann.
“We have some canned soup which would be good for her, but she hates it.  If she says she is hungry then we can help her find something to eat.”  I nodded.
I sat for a few minutes before supper.  My headache still sometimes bothered me recently. When I had it bad, it could take days to go away.
At supper, I opened a can of butter beans to go with the bread.  I put one slice of bread on a plate on the side.
“In case Lily wants it later?” Ann asked.  “It is too soon for that.”
“No, it is for Ethan.  It is a long story,” I said.  Ann dropped the question.
It had been a busy day.  After dinner, chores were all that I could manage in the evening.  Ben had offered for me to come see the bonfire, but I was tired.  Ethan came by to get Frank, and some bread.  They went to Ethan’s, but I told Frank he had to come in by dark because the rest of us would be in bed.

* * * *


Chapter 12: Day 9, Monday

It was morning and I was eating breakfast.  Ann was up too.
“We need to do laundry now for underclothes,” Ann said.
“Okay, I can set you up with a bucket and plunger,” I said.
“You mean a toilet plunger?”
“Yes, you can use it as an agitator.  You can clean clothes quickly with it.  Put a couple items in the bucket with soap and water, then plunge.”
“It’s dirty.  It’s a plunger,” she said.
“It’s okay.  You are using detergent and water.  After the first time, the plunger will be clean too.”
“…but it would still be a plunger.  Do you want it on your clothes?”  She had a very argumentative tone.
“It isn’t a problem for me,” I said.  I had really hoped that she would do the laundry so that I wouldn’t have to, but I wondered if she would object less if she didn’t have to see it being used.  However, it was becoming a lot of work for me to do everything on my own.  I still had morning chores to do like opening window shades and filling the drinking water bucket.
“You will be fine,” I said.  “Don’t think of it as a plunger.”
“I won’t have time with watching mom.”
“She can’t watch you as you do it?”
“How do I get her outside?  Going up and down the steps is always a risk,” she said.  It’d be too messy to do laundry in the kitchen.  Downstairs might work, but then there were more stairs to get there.
“You have an hour now before she usually wakes up.  I can sit here in case she rises early.”
“I like to let my breakfast digest and get more woken up before getting busy.”
“Do you want laundry done or not?” I asked.  She sighed and got up.  She acted defeated and didn’t look at me.  I got up too to fill a bucket with snowmelt.  I had collected a lot of snow.  However, the full cans had melted down to only about a quarter full.  More water had trickled off the roof.  Eventually, it would rain, but Jason had said we could get less than normal.  After a minute, Ann came out with laundry detergent and a bag.
“There’s a rope in the garage,” I said.  “You can tie it up to dry the clothes.”
“I’ll need clothespins.”
“I can get them.”  I went to the laundry room and got some.  Years ago, she used to hang our sheets out to dry in the summer.
When I came back in, Frank and Lily were in the kitchen.  Lily was picking through the options to eat.  It was the first that I’d seen her out of her room for days.
“Let me know if there is anything that I can do to help,” I said to her.
I would let Lily eat whatever she wanted until she was fully recovered.  We never gave her differential treatment, but choice of food after being sick was an exception.  It was important for her sense of self-worth that we did not treat her like a special-needs child.  She had been different from other children, but we were all different from each other in many ways.
I watched Ann use water to clean off the plunger.  She had disinfectant in her bag.  She also poured that over it.  I dropped the clothespins next to her and went back in.
I needed to find a way to get drinking water, but a well was a terrible amount of work.  I wondered whether there was a way to clean the roof water and snow.  It might be the only option for drinking in a few days.
I thought the water I had in the trashcans was cleaner than river water.  It looked much less cloudy.  Still, there would be some microorganisms in it.
The guidebook didn’t have any information about how river water was cleaned for drinking.  However, I went to Ann’s bookshelf and took out a text about water purification.  Typically, it took a very big facility many steps to clean the water.  However, from the book I saw that there were two main goals.  First, large particles needed to be filtered out.  Second, small microorganisms needed to be killed.
That reminded me of some field techniques that I had seen in the guidebook.  Maybe it was more useful than I thought.  There was a drawing of a field filter, which had layers of grass to filter water.  I didn’t think that would do anything except stop sand.  But it also explained some other ways to kill microorganisms.
Ron was awake, and he came into the living room.  I didn’t offer to make him breakfast, but just let him sit.
“Isn’t Mary getting up?” Ron asked.
“In a minute,” I said loudly so he could hear.
The grass outside was showing a little green but was still short.  Instead, I could use rags to filter the water.
The library book recommended putting a bottle of water in the Sun for one day.  The UV rays would kill anything in it.  It was like being sunburned to death.  I didn’t know if we had enough clear plastic bottles to make it work.  I could dig a couple out of the recycling, which was now a pile on the driveway.
The other option was to put bleach in the water.  I went to make sure we still had some.  It was 7% concentration.  The book said to use six drops per gallon for that, and then wait until the smell was gone.
With Ann using all the water from one of my quarter-full barrels to clean underwear, we would need more water than that for everything that we wanted to do.  The water remaining might be good for a week if we reserved it for drinking.  There was no way of knowing if or when it would rain.
I decided that digging a well would be the backup plan.  I’d be ready to dig if we got desperate.  However, the main plan would be to purify the water I already had.  It was a tradeoff to use rainwater.  It wouldn’t have picked up any arsenic from the ground yet, but there was no way of knowing what it did contain.
Ann came in, and she saw Ron sitting there.  I should have pretended that I’d been checking on Mary.  It wasn’t any big deal to let her sleep a few extra minutes.
“She wasn’t awake the last time I checked,” I said.  Ann went into the bedroom.
“She’s awake now.”
Out of the window, I noticed Jason leaving in his SUV.  I wondered if he was going to his in-law’s house to drink their water.
All our downspouts were now connected to barrels. If it did rain again, having more barrels out would increase the amount of water that I could collect.
Wilbur’s house had one downspout in back and one in front.  I thought he also had one on his garage.  I knew Wilbur wouldn’t protest, being dead.  Yet, his son might be angry if I damaged his house because it’d reduce the sale value.  Nevertheless, right now he could get more money for it if it had its own water supply source.  Realistically, Wilbur’s son might have already moved south. Also, I could pay for repairing his downspouts later if I had to.
Wilbur still had the standard large trash can and recycling bin that the city had issued to everyone.  I thought they had been sitting empty for weeks.  I thought about washing them out.  I knew what had been in my trashcan, but I had no idea about his.  I tried to weigh the value of a clean barrel versus wasting some of the little water that we had.  I wondered how soon it would rain, and how much.  Despite that, I could work on putting them up.
I figured that I’d put his two cans against his house.  I could find one more bucket from home for his garage downspout.  I got my tools and looked through the garage until I found a small bucket.  Then, I went to Wilbur’s house and started working.  I was wary that people could be watching me, and I was concerned about what they were thinking.
The front downspout went right to a raised flowerbed.  Either I could put the barrel on top of his plants, dig them out so it wasn’t raised, or twist the downspout to the side of the house.  I was already going to pay to redo the gutters, so I yanked on it to twist it.  Behind his garage, I found an extra old trashcan, so I used that on his garage instead of my bucket.
After I put in the barrels, I decided to try cleaning one to see how it went.  I got a little water, a sponge, and some scrubbing powder.  I had to crawl partly inside to reach the very bottom.  Next, to rinse I shook the can with a little water inside.  Still, I needed more water than I’d used.  Instead, I got a clean rag and dampened it.  With it, I wiped the remaining soap film off the inside.
Cleaning went well, so I tried it on the other can too.  Since they would be cleaner, I’d have to treat the water less to use it for drinking.  Then we’d use the water from the dirty barrels at our house for laundry.
Could I really claim the water from Wilbur’s house?  Mateo had known Wilbur as well as I had, but Mateo was nowhere to be seen.  I could say that I was watching Wilbur’s house, so the water was mine.
Ethan was already begging food from us.  The whole family might come for water soon.  They had about as many people drinking water at their house as I did, so they’d be low too by now.  I should help them set up rain barrels too.  I assumed Betty had her own bleach.
I went over to Ben’s house carrying my tools.  Ben had tools of his own, but I knew which of mine worked well on this task.
When I got there, the adults were sitting in the living room.  Ted was snacking on vitamins.
“Is that safe?” I asked Ted.
“What?”  He sounded irritated.
“You know you can poison yourself with too many vitamins.”
“…but they taste so good!”  He laughed.  “I’m not that stupid.  Some fish oil and gummy vitamins don’t have anything in them but oil.  It isn’t any different than eating fish.”
“Oh,” I said trying to sound agreeable.  “Are they new?  Did you just get them?”
“Yes.  An independent grocery store was open yesterday.”
“I thought they were all out of food.”
“Yes, most are,” he said, “but this was one of those that close early in the evenings, so they were never open during the rush.”  I nodded.  “They only had pie crusts and vitamins left.  I had to get in a fist fight for the pie crusts.”  He didn’t look bruised.
“That would make an interesting pie,” I said.  “Fish oil pie.”
“I’ve heard of worse,” said Ben.  “Have you ever heard of blood pudding?”  I shook my head.
“The reason I came was to see if you wanted help setting up some rain barrels,” I said.  “It might give you some extra water.”
“That’s a great idea,” said Ben.  Ben and I went outside.  I told him about how to collect and clean water as we worked.
“Yes,” Ben said, “I am sure Betty has bleach.  If not, Ted can go brawl for some.”  I laughed.  We worked from back to front.  As we were finishing the last barrel, I noticed more neighbors packing up to leave.
“Is anyone left on your block?” I asked.
“At least one guy.”
“I don’t even know how many are left on my block.  I know Jason is still around, but his family is gone.  It is hard to tell if people are just quiet or moved out.”  He nodded.  After that, I went home for lunch.  Ann had made peanut butter on crackers again.  I decided to update her about my plans.
“I am thinking that using rain barrel water is easier than well water,” I said.  “I would kill the germs in it using bleach.”
“Bleach is a poison,” she said.
“Yes, it kills the germs.”
“Then why are you going to make us drink it.”
“It is safe after a while,” I said.
“Oh?  Who has proven that?”
“It was in my book.”
“Do you trust that?” she said.  She was more comfortable with approved methods published by the government rather than some random author.
I had the urge to say that she should trust me.  The alternative was to die of thirst.
I was sometimes critical of how pessimistic Ann was.  It was hard to understand why she was that way.  However, pessimism could be functional.  Sticking with the proven way of doing things could protect you from following the crowd when a new trend turned out to be dangerous.  However, her rationale wasn’t functional now because it would lead to a dead end.
Therefore, rather than respond to her, I changed the subject.  Unless she continued to protest later, she’d eventually have bleached water in her glass and would have to decide.
“I read that most clothes and sheets don’t need to be laundered.  If it isn’t soiled, it can be hung on a clothesline,” I said.
“How does that work?”
“It is the UV rays.  It kills the germs in the clothes, making the smell go away.”
“Does it work on urine?” she asked, obviously thinking of her parents’ clothes and sheets.
“Yes,” I said, trying to sound confident without knowing for sure.
“You can try that after lunch,” she said.
I didn’t think we were in urgent need of having our clothes cleaned, but to make her feel better, I hung up a few items.  The underclothes were still not dry from earlier and they took up much of the line.
The clothes would have been dry by now if it were summer.
Ann was cleaning up another one of Mary’s messy accidents when I went inside.  I filled the water spray bottle for her, but with snowmelt.  It was a little colder than water that was inside in the water heater.  Mary started giving Ann quite a bit of trouble.
I could put water in the solar oven to warm it, but I’d have to know in advance when we needed it.  I worried that if I kept some in there for hours it might boil away or evaporate.
A garden hose warmed water like a solar oven.  On sunny days, the water coming out of a hose was always hot to start.  How would I get the water inside the hose and keep it from spilling before I needed it?
On one end of the hose, I could leave the spray nozzle.  To let water out, I’d just spray it into a bucket.  I thought of a funnel to get the water in.  Then I could cap it with plastic wrap.
Normally, the water came from the faucet and it was pressurized.  My new source of water would be the rain.  Then I thought that I could connect the hose to the bottom of a rain barrel.  Most commercial rain barrels already had the attachment, but I didn’t have the parts.
A dark trash bag would work for me to warm water.  I put some water in one and left it in the Sun.
Jason came over to talk to me and he looked upset.  I dreaded to hear whatever news he was bringing.
“Hi,” I said.
“It is hopeless,” he said.  My heart sank.
“What is?”
“…for Kim and the kids.”
“Why?” I asked.
“I was at my friend’s house.  The ham radio said that the freeway is closed.  So many autos are stalled on the road in southern Kentucky where it is blocked.”
“Is that the way you sent your family?”
“Yes,” he said, looking at the ground. “Things are bad there.  Those cities don’t have food for their own people.  Many are starving, so how are they going to go help all the people who are getting stranded?”
“I don’t know,” I said.  “Maybe they went another way when they heard it was bad.”
“Florida is telling people to stay away.”
“They can’t do that, can they?  Why doesn’t the federal government step in?”
“It sounds like every state is just doing whatever they have to do.  Florida now has five times their normal population.  The roads are jammed and there is no room.”
“Have you heard about Texas?  Wasn’t your family going that way?  It should be better because the President is there.”
“I don’t know,” he said, “but I’m sure they will all be telling people to stay away soon.”  I felt bad for him.
“I want to go rescue them, but my SUV is sucking fumes.  Can you help?” he asked.
Both of our cars had less than half a tank of gas.  If I gave him one, he wouldn’t make it very far.
“Ben’s friend Ted says you can still buy gas, but it is very expensive,” I said.
“I gave all my cash to my wife.”
“I have enough cash for one gallon of gas.”  I considered if he would benefit from having the money.  If it encouraged him to leave, he would just be risking his own life.  He had very little chance of finding them.  What would he do if he did?  I couldn’t support him in this.  There was no point.
“I’m sorry, but Ann forbade me to give away any money,” I said, hoping my lie would keep him alive.
His chest sunk when he heard.  It really felt bad to let down a friend.  However, it was irresponsible for anyone to go now.
“God is watching over them,” I said.  It felt like a cruel thing to say.  He twitched when I said it.  “We’ve got to hope for the best.”  He turned and left.
I felt horrible.  Jason was in a terrible position now, and there was no way that I could help him.
Now I knew we were stuck here.  I’d delayed deciding what to do, but now there was no choice.
I thought of my sister and her children in Missouri.  It was a little farther south.  I hoped she had the sense to get up and leave right away.  They were too far away for me to help.  Distances seemed much longer than they had before the solar flare.
We could have avoided this.  I saw some newer electrical transformers that had not been damaged.  People should have done more to prevent such a disaster.
Could I have done more?  Before I joined my current division at work, I had done many things that benefited people.  I wished that I’d had more time to prepare.
I still had my headache.  I went inside to take a pill.  I was a little bit sore from doing so much manual labor the last couple of days.  The pill would help with that too.  I sat for a while to rest.
If any gas stations were open along the freeways, I imagined that they would cause major backups. The few of them open would attract many vehicles that were running on empty.  Then each sale would be a negotiation, or an argument about how little gas they’d get for their money so it would go very slow.  Cars would run out of gas just sitting there and it would become gridlocked.
If someone had to leave now, I’d tell them to stay on gravel roads and take as much gas as they could in containers.  Maybe they’d find a small gas station along the way that was still open.  The only problem would be that to cross major rivers, they’d have to find a long bridge that wasn’t congested.

I looked around and didn’t see any bread being prepared.  Maybe Ann was busy, or maybe she had needed my encouragement to bake it.  Instead, I would need to cook something.  What would Lily want to eat with a sensitive stomach?  I got up and started prepping the meal.
Now my job was to be the head cook.  My training was for a whole other career than that one.  I’d worked my whole adult life as an electrical engineer.  With the electrical systems down, my career was useless.  The company where I worked was probably shot, too.
I thought about Lily.  She had to be feeling lost, too, related to her planned future work in chemistry.  It could be increasing her anxiety.  I thought about what I could do to give her work related to chemistry.  What chemistry questions did I have now?  I was back and forth about the value of using biochar to clean water.  I had used cleaning chemicals on the trashcans, but I hadn’t rinsed them out perfectly.  Would biochar work on removing that?  I wanted to know more about charcoal and why it produced lye so that if I made some, I’d know how to do it right.
I could ask Ann to work on these questions, but she wasn’t in her right mind.  She’d fight me if I even brought up the issue of bleach again.
When it was approaching suppertime, I had to decide whether to tell Ann and Frank about Jason’s kids.  Joshua was Frank’s second or third best friend.  But there was no reason to make them depressed.
It was quiet during supper.  We used to talk a lot about school and work.  Those were not relevant now, and we typically each did the same things every day in our new life.  We’d have to come up with new topics of conversation.  Some families talked about a new issue each night.  That sounded interesting, but then without the newspaper or internet, how would we know what was going on?
“It is trash night tonight,” Ann said.  Was she joking?  I looked at her.  “You can put it out just in case.”
We had a lot of trash that I’d thrown on the driveway.  The trash men wouldn’t take it unless it was in the special bins, which I was using for water.
“I’ve been waking up very early recently, usually 5 AM or before,” I said.  “If I hear them come, I’ll take it out quickly.”
After supper, I went through Ann’s environmental books.  I took a handful with me to Lily’s room.
“When you are feeling better, can you help me with some chemistry?” I asked.
“What?” she said.  I told her the questions that I had.
“Maybe you can’t answer them right away.  You might have to start from the beginning and learn the background information first,” I said.  She nodded.

* * * *


Chapter 13: Day 10, Tuesday

The next day, it was cloudy.  I thought it would rain, so my water collection plan would have a good test.
I needed to get working on my plan for collecting food.  I needed to help Ethan and his family.  However, our supplies were dwindling, and I wanted to keep some in reserve.  If it rained in the afternoon, I wouldn’t be able to cook, so we’d have to use some of the backup food then.
I decided to go to the railroad tracks and see if I could pull up some phrag roots.  The book said I should be able to get them that way.
I put on another layer of winter clothes and went outside.  A light rain was just starting.  The best place to access the phrags was where the railroad crossed Linwood, so I walked down to Linwood and then went south.
There was one car going south on Linwood too.  I wondered if they were going to the freeway to try to escape to the gulf coast.   Maybe they hadn’t heard that the roads were impossible.  I thought of waving at them, but they were already beyond me.  Moreover, if I was in the car, I might not stop for a lunatic waving his arms.
The rain was cold on my clothes.  I hadn’t considered that my winter coat wasn’t very good at keeping water out.  I was getting wet.  I should have put a raincoat over the top.
I got to the tracks.  At the lowest spots in the ditch, there were still a few cattails, but the phrags were everywhere.  They came right up to the sidewalk.  I wasn’t worried about going on the railroad’s property, because I was standing on the sidewalk.  I doubted that anyone would care if I went on his or her property now.  I hadn’t seen a train for more than a week.  I leaned over and grabbed one of the dry brown stalks with both hands.  Then I pulled, but the reed snapped free.  None of the root came with it.  Maybe pulling didn’t work with the old plants.  I stepped off the sidewalk and tried again but had the same result.
I was soaked and freezing.  It was a bad idea to come out now.  I threw down the severed reed and walked quickly home.  I started shivering.  As I got close to home, I noticed a few tiny worms on the sidewalk.  When I got inside, I stripped off my clothes and changed.  I continued shivering until I had warmed up in my new clothes.
The rain stopped.  It hadn’t been long or hard, but I bet that I’d gotten some water in my system.  In addition, I needed to make sure the barrels weren’t leaking water.  I wanted to go check, but I was just too cold.
How much water could I expect to collect?  I sat with my guidebook.  Most of the eastern U.S. got at least three inches of rain a month in summer, and at least two inches in winter.  I believed that it rained a little almost every week.  Therefore, that would be an average of three-quarters of an inch of water a week in summer.
In an average year, we could expect that amount of water.  Jason had said that this would be a dry year, but I didn’t know how dry.  It would be a wild guess for me to come up with a number, so I might as well assume the best.  In addition, I could set up as many rain barrels as possible so that I got more water.
I went through careful calculations.  I figured that one downspout with one rain barrel should provide more than enough water for one person in a normal year, as long as the gutter wasn’t collecting water from a small entry porch.  My small house could provide enough water for up to 16 people if everything worked perfectly.  Larger barrels would give enough storage to get through dry times.  The bin that I’d used on the back corner of my house would probably overflow in normal rain showers.  I’d have to think of something larger to put there.
I also needed a better plan for getting the phrags.  The ground wasn’t frozen, so I could take a shovel and dig them out later.
I was more concerned about whether the railroad had sprayed the weeds along its track.  However, I was only testing things now, and we wouldn’t necessarily eat the first batch.
The patch of phrags that I’d seen stretched along the tracks for maybe 500 feet.  It was at least 10 feet wide, so that meant its area was roughly a tenth of an acre.  From that I should be able to get 600 pounds of flour, which could keep my family going for a year.
The next closest patch of phrags that I remembered was a small fenced-off drainage pond at a parking lot a few blocks south.  The security guard for the site was probably long gone, so I could climb the fence without a problem.  It was also about a tenth of an acre.  I wondered if parking lot oils had polluted the plants.
There were probably many little pockets of phrags hidden around.  An effective way to search would be to use a drone.  I wondered if my spy drones from work were still functioning.  They were solar powered so the collection panels could have been overloaded with the flare.  But even if they were working, I had no way of communicating with them now.
Some of the other pockets of phrags might be along roads.  I remember seeing reeds in a ditch when I had been out bicycling.  I wondered if they had experienced road pollution from leaded gas.  It had been phased out in the 1970s in the U.S., so any road built after 1980 was probably fine.  I remember Ann telling me once that she was studying lead in soil.  She said that on one freeway, only 20 feet from the road, the lead levels were down to acceptable values, and then 60 feet away the lead was down to background levels.  Soil always contains elements such as lead, gold, and uranium, but the amount of it is usually tiny.
On a small local road, lead probably wasn’t the problem, but oil might be.  Just like for the parking lot, it would run down into the water.  However, it would come down the slope from the road and wouldn’t go up the other side.  So, it should be fine to take plants from the embankment on the other side of the ditch.  Only rarely were ditches full of water, so the potential for pollution was very small on the high bank.
For the railroad tracks, the same rule should apply.  If the railroad companies sprayed weeds, the spray wouldn’t go up the other side of the ditch.  I was sure that they’d be sued if they had ever contaminated private land.  Additionally, the phrags along the tracks looked tall and healthy.  If they had been sprayed, they would most likely look stunted.
However, if I ended up supporting Ethan’s family, I’d need more than a small edge of a railroad ditch.  I needed a bigger plot.
A little while later, it had dried up outside, so I got on my bike and rode it south and I found a very large patch of phrags.  It was about 1.5 miles away, but it was at least five acres in size.  That could provide 30,000 pounds of flour.  It seemed like that would be enough to feed a small town.  I knew that the area must be clean.  When Ann and I moved here, it was still forest.  Then several years ago, they chopped down all the trees hoping to develop it.  Nothing was ever built.
I wanted to be discreet so that hordes of people didn’t come up and ask what I was doing.  Carrying a shovel down the block to the railroad tracks led to less exposure than going more than a mile.
Back at home, I thought I would bring up my idea to Ann and deal with her concerns while the kids weren’t nearby. I also figured that Ann would probably resist eating food harvested next to the rail tracks, but I told her my plans anyway.
“I’m still worried that there could still be some chemicals present,” she said.
“Do you remember that recent news story?” I asked.  “They reported that every food item they tested had weed killer in it.  There is no way to get away from it.  The food I get might even have lower chemicals because no one was farming it.”  She shrugged.  I took it as an approval.

I decided to check on my rain barrels.  The cans should have been strong enough to hold water.  Yet, if they were on uneven ground, would they tip over?  I went out and looked.  All the barrels had several more inches of water in them, so I was happy.  That would be a few gallons each.  The only rain barrel that I was concerned about was the one on the front of Wilbur’s house, but it leaned towards the house, so it wouldn’t suddenly tip.  I went to check it anyhow.
It was time to test the water for drinking.  I figured that the cleanest water would be from the bin I’d put on the corner of the garage.  That container had never been used for anything unsafe.  In addition, since it was the smallest, I wanted to use that water first to make room in case it rained again.
I could put water in milk jugs.  We’d rinsed the jugs out when we put them in the recycling.  I was going to put bleach in them with the water, so that would sanitize the jugs too.  I thought the easy way to get the water would be to submerge the jugs, but the bin didn’t have water deep enough to do that.  The bin wasn’t too heavy to lift, so I found a small funnel to put in the jug.
A few leaves were in the bottom of the bin.  I realized I should clean out my gutters.  To account for that, I got a clean rag to filter the water.  The only way I could do it was to put the rag over the tip of the funnel in the jug.  If any leaves came out, they’d stop in the funnel.
Next, I got the bleach and an eyedropper from an old medicine bottle.  It was easy to figure out how many drops of beach to put in since the water was exactly one gallon.  I set the two jugs on the back porch.
While outside cleaning up my stuff, I saw Jason sitting in his SUV.  I wondered if he’d found gas, and if he had, I should try to talk him out of going after his family.  After all, it’d be futile for me to argue with him.  I did it so I could say that I’d tried.  He saw me coming and he got out to talk.
“Did you find any gas?” I asked.
“Not enough, just two gallons.”  I nodded.  What else should I say to him?
“It looked like you were thinking of what you were going to do next,” I said.
“There is really no point in continuing.”  That statement concerned me.  I looked at him to see if there were clues as to what he meant.
“What do you mean?”
“If my sons are dead, there is no purpose for me anymore,” he said.  “I don’t care about the world anymore.”
“You don’t know for sure what has happened to them.  You have to assume that they made it there safely.  There is really no reason to doubt it.”  He shrugged.  What else could I say to encourage him?
“We just have to pray that they are okay,” I said.  He nodded, but didn’t look at me.  We stood in silence a minute.  Then I said goodbye and went home for lunch.

After I ate, I got the ladder from the garage and used it to clean all the gutters on my house, garage, and Wilbur’s house.  Wilbur’s son hadn’t been keeping it clean.  Wilbur would roll over in his grave if he knew.  He was the type of homeowner who always had an evenly mowed lawn and snow removed immediately.
Next, I wanted to try the phrags again.  I wore my other winter coat since my best one wasn’t dry.  I took a shovel, a raincoat, and a bag for the food.  My feet were getting a lot of use recently, so I considered riding my bike, but then I figured it would be awkward with the shovel.
It was going to be obvious to anyone that passed that I was doing something suspicious.  There was no way to hide it, so I didn’t need to stay on the sidewalk.  I went onto the railroad property.  A thorn bush was growing along the edge of the phrags, so I went further around it to find a place to start.
The first one that I dug up was in hard ground.  The root was near the surface.  It was a brown hairy bulb parallel to the ground.  It wasn’t very big. I decided to dig another farther in.  The phragmites plants were dusty, and some of the fluff from the seed head came down as I bumped the reeds.  I was glad that I was wearing a cap.
I expected to see a root, but all I saw initially was an underground stem or rhizome.  I put a severed piece near my bag in case I wanted to keep it.
I dug down a foot more.  There were many worms in the soil.  Many were very small.  Most weren’t too active because the ground was still cold.
As I widened my hole to go deeper, I discovered a red shoot coming up.  It had nearly made it to the surface.  Shoots were edible, so I chopped it free.  There was supposedly white edible material inside.  I sat on the ground to look closer.  I peeled off the red outer layers.  The white shoot was firm.  It probably needed to be boiled before eating.  Regardless, I broke it open and a soft, juicy inner part looked appetizing.  I took a nibble.  It had a flavor that I would describe as “green.”  I put the rest in my bag.
I sifted through the soil with my gloves to see if I could find anything else interesting.  When I got up to dig more, I felt that my legs had fallen asleep.
I looked around before digging.  I saw a big dog standing about 40 feet away looking at me.  It looked hungry and mean.  I suddenly snapped alert, and I could feel my heart pounding.  I held my shovel tightly.  It was the only protection that I had.  Normally, we didn’t see unleashed dogs in our city.  Had the owners turned it loose when they ran out of food?
A shovel might be good enough for protection, but I wanted a gun.  Then if it came after me, I could shoot it before it got within range to bite.  Yet, the only gun I had was for BBs.  Being hit by BBs might scare it away if it was just watching me.  However, it would do little against an attacking dog.
Should I start carrying my BB gun?  It was legal to carry guns except into airports and schools.  People might think that I was weird, but it also might get them to stay away.
I refocused.  The dog slowly moved along, so I looked around and then started digging again.  I paused to check my surroundings every minute for a while.
It would be useful to have someone like Frank along with me to keep an eye out.  However, that would put him at risk too.
I retrieved the root for the plant.  It was larger than the other one.  In fact, the sprout that I’d collected was from the same root.  Another rhizome went in the other direction into the soil, and I broke that off.
I walked home carrying my bag and shovel.  I looked back to make sure that the dog wasn’t following me.
I put the shovel away and took my bag inside.  Ann was in the kitchen getting a drink of water.  I pulled out the juicy part of the sprout.
“Try this,” I said.
“What is it?”
“Just try it.”  She had a nibble.
“It tastes strong,” she said.
“It’s a sprout from a phrag.  Does it taste like bamboo shoots?”
“No, but it is not unpleasant.”
“That’s good,” I said, pleased.
I was very dusty from going through the reeds.  I wanted to have a shower, but we didn’t have the water for it.  I should have worn my raincoat because the fuzz wouldn’t have stuck so much.  I changed clothes and shook out the dusty ones.  I’d keep those aside for harvesting phrags.
The instructions said to clean and soak the roots then break them open.  The flour would wash out under water.  I didn’t like that this sounded like it was going to use a lot of water.
Was it worth the water?  These roots were small.  Was I really going to get thousands of pounds of flour out of them?  It would take thousands of gallons of water.  I’d need many more rain barrels.
Rather than follow the instructions, I broke open the smaller root.  I saw many white crystals.  I thought that must be the flour.  The only other part to the root was dense, thick fibers.  It’d be a lot of work, but I probably could get a lot of flour out of the roots.
I considered picking out the crystals because it might use less water than the soaking method.  However, the first time, I thought that I’d try the recommended way.  I put one crystal in my mouth and dissolved it on my tongue.  It was tasteless which was a surprise after tasting the shoots.
What water should I use?  I didn’t want to use fresh bleach water because I’d go through bleach quickly if I started using it.  That being said, the roots were still covered in mud.  I used some water from the barrel and a brush to scrub the larger root.  The thick hairs remained stuck to the root.  I wasn’t going to peel it, so it didn’t matter.  I just didn’t want mud getting into the flour.
For the next two steps, I thought I should use bleach water.  If I soaked the roots, the water would go into them.  However, maybe clean water wasn’t required.  The root itself should filter out microorganisms.  Since I was only doing one root, I used bleach water.  I got a small dish the size of the root and covered the root with water.  Now, I would have to wait.

I thought it was time to get serious about a compost pile.  We’d always had one for leaves and grass clippings, but we’d never put other stuff on it.  I figured that since no one had come to pick up our garbage, it was safe to say that our trash wasn’t going to be picked up for a while.
A lot of our current waste was compostable.  I took out the small root, rhizome, and other scraps and threw them into the small pile.  Some other day, I’d go through the pile of trash on the driveway to sort out anything that I could add to the compost.  And, thinking of the loose dog, I decided we needed to start closing our gate.
Ann hadn’t made bread.  Maybe she thought that it was too cloudy today.  So, I had to come up with another meal plan.  It was too early to go full steam with phrag sprouts.  I needed to give a few hours to make sure Ann and I didn’t vomit them up.  However, I thought the juicy sprouts and flour should be edible for Mary.
At supper, I talked to Frank about dog safety.  He was the only one who went anywhere besides me.
“If you are going to Ethan’s just hop over the back fences,” I said.  “I’ll make sure Wilbur’s gate is closed.”
“Okay,” he said.
“Also, if you and Ethan play at the end of the block, you should think about safety.”
“What should we do?” he asked, looking concerned.
“It is best not to go there,” said Ann.
“It was just one dog,” I said to Ann.  “We just need to take some reasonable precautions.  I had a shovel with me to hit it if it came close.  You and Ethan should each take one.”
“Okay,” he said.
“I’m glad that I never go outside,” said Lily.
“Also,” I said, “if a dog ever does bite you, you should throw a blanket over its head.  He’ll stop biting if he can’t see.”
Lily was afraid of dogs and I wanted to help her become less afraid of them.  However, this wasn’t the time to encourage her to go outside.  Lots of dangerous things were happening.  When the community came back to normal, I could work on her fear of dogs, and unwillingness to do anything outside.  If I could, the goal would be for her to be less anxious overall so she wouldn’t throw up so much.
I cleaned the plates after supper.  Now that we had a little water, I wondered if Ann was going to tell me to start washing them better.  So far, she hadn’t even asked about how much water we had.  At supper, they were drinking my cleaned water from the jugs without complaint.
I did the rest of my chores quickly because I was feeling sleepy.  I was a little tired and sore from work again today.  I used to exercise a lot, but constant physical labor was more than I was used to doing.
A little soreness might dull my mind and help me to drift off, but the aching was so much that I couldn’t keep my eyes closed.  I got back out of bed to take some acetaminophen and twenty minutes after that, I felt fine.

* * * *


Chapter 14: Day 11, Wednesday

Early the next morning, I was watching a rabbit on the front lawn.  I didn’t know how I would catch it with only a BB gun.  A BB might go through the skin if I was close to it, but it wouldn’t kill it.  I had a gun that shot real BBs, not plastic balls.  Yet, rabbits didn’t let people get very close even without a gun.  I wondered if I could come up with another way to catch it.
The guidebook was full of instructions for making traps.  Ann and I had been avoiding meat, but in times like these, you can’t be picky.  It was time for survival of the fittest.
“Should we have rabbit meat?” I asked Ann.
“You can’t eat rabbit.”
“Why?  I’ve known people who did it.  It’s meat, right?” I asked.  She shrugged.
“It seems like you are negative all the time,” I said.  “No matter what I say, you say the opposite.”
“No, I’m not negative.  I’m just making sure that you have thought of everything.”  She sounded offended but not upset.
So, I got out my book.  In a description of hunting, it mentioned that game meat was usually very low fat.  You could die if all you ever ate was game meat and no other fats.  We still had plenty of cooking oil that I could add to it.
However, I was discouraged when I started reading about the traps.  I was supposed to identify an animal trail and put the trap there.  Our lawn had no trails.
Instead, I thought of other foods.  I wanted to try getting flour from the phrag roots.  I got my root out of the water.  I rubbed the surface to see if any more mud would come off, and then I threw out the water.  I needed a pan of clean water for the next task.
I split open the root and then started rubbing the gritty flour loose from the fibers.  The water became murky white.  When I was done with that step, I poured the water through a filter a few times to try to catch the loosened fibers.  Lastly, I needed to let the flour settle out.  I put the pan aside.
I knew that I was going to need a lot more water than I’d planned, and much of it would have to be clean so I’d be going through bleach quickly.  I couldn’t use up all the bleach or we wouldn’t have water to drink.  I wondered if there were any other solutions.
I knew that I couldn’t do anything much more complicated than what I had already done.  It’s not like I had electricity to run a UV sanitizer.
The advantage of a well was that the soil would filter the water for us.  Groundwater started as rain and soaked through layers of clay.
How much clay was necessary to filter water?  The guidebook had given different confusing instructions for wells.  It said to stay one foot away from a stream, but then it said to stay 100 feet from cemeteries and septic systems.  It seemed to me that all sources of pollution were bad.  I figured from a few other quotes that three feet of clay should filter everything out.  The holes between clay particles were so small that nothing but water molecules could get through.  Sand wouldn’t be good because you could see the large holes between particles.  That would only work to sift out leaves.  Moreover, topsoil wasn’t good because that was where the germs lived.
I could make my own artificial well in one of the large recycling bins.  I could dump buckets of water at the top.  Then after it soaked through three feet of clay, you could drink it.  I’d used all my cans, so I’d have to steal one from someone that had left.  Half the people never used their recycle bins anyhow.
Would I really trust water that had gone through dirt?  I thought that I might add bleach to it anyhow for as long as I had it.
I should be able to get a few gallons of water to go through the system a day.  How would I get the water out?  I could drill a hole in the bottom and then have it go into a bucket.
Would clay wash out of the hole into the bucket?  I’d need a filter material.  My first thought was weed control liner.  It was designed to sit in the soil and never rot.  Ann had a clean roll that she got for a project that she never completed.
I also thought of putting a layer of gravel at the bottom to collect the water.  The weed control fabric would go on top of that.  Then I’d pack down some clay so that water wouldn’t go around the sides of the clods.  I wanted to think about it more before I started, in case I got any better ideas.

It’d been a while since I’d talked to Ben about water.  I wanted to check their system to make sure that it was working. I walked around the long way rather than jumping the fence.  I could jump into someone’s backyard if I saw a dog.  There was a pile of feces on the sidewalk on Linwood, but it looked like it was from a human.  I avoided going near it.
“I came by to make sure your water system was working,” I said to Ben.
“Yes, we’ve been drinking from it today,” he said.
“You are putting the bleach in it and letting it sit?” I asked.
“Betty,” Ben yelled.  “She’s handling it.”  Betty wasn’t there, but Ted was.
Betty came from the bedroom.  I confirmed that she was doing the right things with the water, and then she went out of the room again.
“We’ve got to stick together,” said Ted.
“Yes,” I said.
“It might work out if everyone helps each other,” Ben said.
“I’m helping,” said Ted in a raised voice.
“Not much,” said Ben, rolling his eyes.
“I haven’t had any good ideas recently,” said Ted angrily.  “I need caffeine to think.”  Neither Ben nor I drank coffee.  Unfortunately, there wasn’t an easy way for Ted to make an energy drink.
“We need to move on from pillaging liquor stores.  We need real plans.  You haven’t had one good idea,” Ben said.
“I offered to go deer hunting,” Ted said.
“With your pistol?”  Ben made a face.  I didn’t know Ted was armed.
“It is something at least,” Ted said.  Ben shrugged.
“Besides, there is still food out there to be gotten,” Ted said.  “Many places have been broken into.  People got into the ice cream shop on Linwood.”  Ted was still defensive.
“Melted ice cream wouldn’t be any good,” I said.
“It was for the nuts and candy toppings,” Ted said.  I nodded.  Ted seemed relaxed again, but the talk of food made me hungry.
“If Frank is here, tell him I am going home to figure out what to do for lunch,” I said.
“Okay,” said Frank from another room.
When I got there, Ann already had some food out, so I started eating my share.  We didn’t talk, but instead, I thought about the worms that I was seeing.  There was a joke that you could eat them.  I could get them easily whenever I dug for phrag roots.
The guidebook said worms and six-legged bugs were edible.  One worm was enough protein for a day but had low calories.  That would supplement the starch I was getting in the flour.  Worms ate decomposing rot in the soil.  Therefore, you needed to soak them for a few hours in a bucket of wet grass.  Then they could be fried or boiled.  It wasn’t appetizing to think about while I ate my lunch.  However, if it meant survival, I could do it.
I went out after lunch to collect phrag sprouts.  It was so much easier than sifting the flour.  Ann and I had digested the sample well enough.  Maybe if I boiled it, its flavor wouldn’t be as strong.  What would I do if Lily despised it?  She had had a sensitive stomach recently.  I thought Frank was more likely to protest, but then he might like having more food regardless of what it was.
I planned to collect a full bag of sprouts to feed all six of us.  That would be a hundred plants.  That seemed like a lot, but then again, the plants were so close together, it might not take that long.  Still, that could be a lot of digging because they are below ground.  I got a bottle of water and told Ann that I’d be gone a while.
I held my shovel in one hand and warily looked for dogs.  I didn’t see any.  Behind me, a mile in the distance, I thought I saw a man riding his bike across Linwood.
I worked for a long time.  I got hot while I worked, so I took off some layers of clothes.  It didn’t seem quite as cold today.
Whenever I saw a worm, I checked to make sure I hadn’t chopped it up.  I also rejected the tiny ones.  I put them in a sealed cup so they wouldn’t crawl out.  I took all the grubs that I could find, chopped or not, because they could be cooked an eaten right away.
As I was getting a drink of water, I heard a car door slam.  I looked around to see a man approaching me.  Was he friend or foe?  My shovel was close, and I thought about grabbing it.  He was waving and didn’t have any weapons, so I relaxed.  I could see a few people were in the car behind him, but I didn’t recognize any of them.
“Hello,” he said.
“Hello,” I said.  He walked closer.
“Do you have food?” he asked.
“Yes.”
“I want to buy it.”
“It isn’t for sale, but I can show you how to get some,” I said.  I had no need for money now.  I reached for the cup of worms.  Then I opened it to show him.
He was disgusted.  He turned his head and waved the cup away.
“No, I want to buy real food,” he said.
“I don’t have any.”  I lied.
“Whatever.”  He turned away from me and then walked back to his car.
They drove south, headed to their deaths.
I kept working until I had 100 sprouts and a cupful of worms.  My water bottle was about empty.  I took the last drink and gathered all my stuff.

I would need to cook the sprouts because I wanted to get more out of them than the juicy center.  Before I started on that, I made the worms happy.  I put them in a large plastic storage container and poked small holes in the lid.  Some of the grass wasn’t looking as dead as it did in the winter.  I bent over and got several large clumps of it from under the pine tree.
Next, I used my fingers to peel off the red layers from the sprouts.  When I finished, I realized that I could have had Ann help.  She had to sit all the time, but she could do this too.  Some of the tips had hard brown ends that I snipped off with kitchen shears.
I’d need to boil them on the fire.  It wouldn’t take long, but there were a lot of them.  I put them in a pan with a little water.  If I was going to boil it, the water didn’t need to be clean because boiling killed germs, but I had plenty of clean water for now, so I used it.
I thought my hobo stove wasn’t big enough for my large kettle.  I needed a real fire for cooking.  To keep the pot above the flame, I used a rack from the oven balanced on some garden bricks.  I started the fire with the last wood that I had.  I’d have to remember to do something about that.  Also, I fried the three grubs that I’d collected.  I ate them myself just to try them.
For protein, I thought we had one more can of tuna.  I imagined that the tuna would be okay with the reeds that were flavored like green grass.  I needed a green vegetable too so I got a can of spinach.
I didn’t let the water boil long before I checked.  It didn’t take much time for the sprouts to soften.
I didn’t want to toss out the boiling water.  Nobody would want it as soup because it was just water.
How could I use hot water?  I thought of taking a shower, but I worried that the water would be sticky, and I’d feel dirtier after I was done.
We still had hot cocoa mix in the cupboard.  I wondered if it was still good.  I checked and saw that it had expired in February, but that was okay with me.  I made one cup just to see if it worked.  The water tasted green alone, but with the mix, it was fine.
I put the salt on the table for people to put on their sprouts.  When I sat down for supper, I realized how exhausted I was.  I was overworked, and I had a huge weight on my shoulders.  I didn’t dare tell anyone that I’d sent a family to their death today.  I thought that I would feel better about it if I could talk about it.  Nobody else around the table had done any work today.
“I can’t handle it,” I said.  “I need more help.”
“Maybe Frank can help,” said Ann.  I nodded.
“We are out of firewood,” I said to Frank.  “We need more by tonight.  You and Ethan can go pick up fallen dead branches in the park.  There is a dead tree there.  His family needs wood too.  You can split it.”
“What about dogs?” Ann asked.
“We’ll figure something out,” I said.  I looked across the table at my father-in-law.  “Ron has to help too.”
“Dad has trouble with his shoulder and his heart,” Ann said.
“There must be something he can do.  Every day I’ve got so many chores with water, finding food, cooking, cleaning out toilets, keeping Ron and Mary warm, and other things I’ve forgotten.”  In addition, I had to keep an eye out for anyone stealing food.
“I opened the window shades today,” Ann said.  I shrugged.  “Maybe I can get dad to do some light work.”
“Thanks,” I said.  It wasn’t until we were almost done eating that I’d realized that no one had complained about the new food.  Maybe they had all come to understand that it was their only option.  That was a relief not to have to hear their gripes.  Ron never complained.  He grew up poor and ate everything you gave him.
“Speaking of dad’s heart, we are going to be out of their medicine soon,” Ann said.
“What?  I thought they gave us two weeks’ worth,” I said.
“No, some pills he takes twice a day.  We need to go back and ask for more.”  I raised my hands in frustration.  Then I thought silently for a minute.
I really doubted that it would be pleasant visiting the nursing home now.  Things had gotten worse for us.  Considering that the rest home was already in bad shape to start, it must be a disaster area.  If I went, I needed to convince Ann to stay home so she wouldn’t see it.
“You are not suggesting we should take your parents along?” I asked.
“No,” she said.  “I guess one of us should go alone.”
“I’d rather go than babysit,” I said.  I didn’t know if I had the energy, but it’d be easy to drive the car.  If it didn’t work, I had the stale medicines in the closet.
“I’d need a list of what to get,” I said.  Ann got up to get a paper and pencil.  I reached for the flashlight on the counter.  After a couple minutes, Ann gave me the list.
“I’ll get you started on the wood project,” I said to Frank.  We went out and I got a shovel.  I told Ben my plan and he agreed.  He said he’d get the boys started, so I gave my shovel to Frank.
“A big stick will work too if you want to scare away dogs,” I said.
I went back and got in my car.  If I stopped now for a break, I might fall asleep, so I left immediately.  I didn’t pay much attention to the scenery, but in my sleepiness, I focused on the road.
There were no cars in front of the rest home.  If staff members were here, they probably went through the back door.  I tried knocking and honking my horn.  Nobody came to answer.
Finally, I just pulled on the door and it opened.  The smell of death came out.  It made me cough.  I didn’t know what the smell of death was really like, but it couldn’t have been this bad without dead bodies in there.
I went in.  If no staff were there, then the last one to abandon the residents had left the door open so family members could still come to rescue people.
“Hello?” I yelled.  The hallway was dark, so I turned on my flashlight.  I went around the whole place yelling.  Then I saw a body on the floor.  It was halfway in a doorway.  I didn’t want to go any closer.  From a distance, it looked like an older resident rather than a uniformed nurse.
Would a body be just lying there if anyone were still around?  I didn’t yell anymore.
There were a few carts.  How was I to know which one contained medicine.  Maybe one was for each hallway.  I tried to open it.  It was locked, of course.
What options did I have to get it open?  If I’d have brought a hacksaw or crowbar, then I could work on it a while.  I didn’t have the energy to do that, and I didn’t want to waste more gas getting them from home.  It was getting a little late.  I didn’t want to stick around for when the ghosts would come out of their rooms.
What I needed was a demolition derby to smash it open.  I’d seen a couple of those as a kid.  They took old cars and abused them until steam shot out as if they’d start on fire.  The strategy was to hit someone’s engine with your trunk which could take damage.  If I took the medicine cart outside, I could ram into it with my car.
I pushed the cart with me.  On the way, I had another thought.  I could pull the cart down the road like a trailer, and then in the morning, I could open it with my tools.  When I got to my car, I looked for rope, but I didn’t have any.
My car was old anyhow.  If I damaged it, it wasn’t much of a loss.  The medicine cart was surely less strong than my bumpers.  I would put it next to the pillar and back into it.  The trunk could deal with more damage than the engine.  Furthermore, I worried that the airbags might inflate if I hit it too hard.  I had to reconsider my plan.
I decided not to ram the cart but put it against the pillar and slowly back into it.  I turned it sideways so with any luck, the force would pop open the door.
I got it all lined up and backed the car into place.  Once the bumper contacted the cart, I floored it in reverse.  I heard cracking sounds and got out to check things out.
I’d done some damage to the cart, but the door wasn’t free to open.  After trying again with my car, I was finally able to kick it open.
There wasn’t much medicine left.  I could go through it all, but it was easier just to take everything remaining.  I pulled out the little drawers and put them in the back seat.  I didn’t think of repeating the process for the other cart that I’d found.  My car looked okay except the plastic covering for the back bumper was out of position.
Arriving home, a variety of branches were piled around the house.  I parked in the street again.
“There were five dead trees in the park,” Frank said proudly.
“Wow,” I said.
“Did you get medicine?” Ann asked.
“Yes, but you don’t need it until morning.  I’m too tired,” I said and sat down.
“Can you get the hot coals?” Ann asked.
“No,” I said and went to bed while there was still some light.

* * * *


Chapter 15: Day 12, Thursday

What had woken me up?  It was still dark outside, so it wasn’t morning yet.
I had either been dreaming that I heard a thud or there actually had been one.  It was hard to tell what was real.
I was wide awake now.  I listened to see if someone was going to the bathroom upstairs.  The floor was creaky, so I could tell when people were moving around.
Through the window, I thought I saw some movement.  Was I just being paranoid?  Stress will make you imagine things.  Still, I wanted to check it out.
I got my flashlight but didn’t turn it on.  Then I went up to the kitchen to look out of the bigger window.
Yes, something was happening outside.  I checked to make sure that the backdoor was still locked.  It was, so no one in my family had gone out.
I had a rain barrel right outside the window.  The person was right there.  I wanted to see what he or she was doing, so I turned on my light and shined it out the window at them.
He jerked upright in surprise and looked right at me.  I didn’t recognize him.  Then he ran around the corner in the dark.  I heard footsteps go down the driveway.  Whatever he was doing, I’d scared him away.
Should I go out and check my property?  The man was probably gone.  However, I knew that I’d be frightened to death of shadows now.
I went back downstairs.  I tried to get back to sleep.  The Shoemaker’s might want to have more bonfires, but I was beginning to think that it wasn’t safe to be out at dark.  I’d announce a curfew tomorrow.
I thought again about carrying around my BB gun.  From a distance, it would look like a rifle.  That would keep people away.
I struggled with whether I should try to feed others.  If I didn’t then most people would die because they didn’t have the skills to survive.  Part of my consideration was my religious beliefs.  I measured my self-worth on how well I cared for others.  I had been in conflict for years about how to handle my work responsibilities and not sacrifice my self-esteem.  Finally, I had worked out a way that I could be happy with myself.  However, my current situation was troubling.  I couldn’t afford to help anyone else, but I felt I had to do it.  With my mind made up, I drifted off to sleep.
In the morning, I got up as normal.  The cereal was low, but we had dry oatmeal.  You could eat uncooked oatmeal, but I wondered if stomachs could completely digest it that way.  I decided to cook a pot for everyone before they woke.  We even had sugar to sweeten it.
I’d need a fire and fresh water.  I hadn’t made bleach water and we were about out.
Additionally, I hadn’t fixed my worms last night.  They’d certainly be ready by now.  I could fry them on a fire.  I wanted to cook them well because they could still be full of microorganisms from the soil.  The smaller fire in the hobo stove should be enough for a small pot, and then I will fry them in a small frying pan.
I got started on the bleach water, but then I realized that I could just use some of the remaining water from the water heater.  That would be faster.
As I was cooking, I noticed a plume of smoke rising farther away.  Someone else could be cooking breakfast too.  It was a much larger fire than mine was.  That made me I wondered if it was a building burning.
I took both pots in when I was done, and I ate my share of the oatmeal first.  After that, I tried a few worms.  They were shriveled from frying so that I couldn’t tell what they’d been originally if I didn’t look too closely at them.  Their texture was like jerky.  I thought of adding jerky flavoring.  I’d look at what we had in the cupboard later.
Ann came out and ate with me.  She cringed at the worms.
“Today they are optional, but before long we may have to eat them,” I said.  She closed her eyes, made a face, and ate one.  All meat had once been a living animal, so I didn’t think if you ate meat you could complain about where it had come from.
“Can you bring in the medicines now?” Ann said.
“Yes,” I said.  I put my bowl in the sink to clean later.
The pills were all still in the backseat.  After my visitor in the night, I thought that I should have done a better job of securing them.  If someone had seen them, they might have broken in the window looking for controlled substances.  However, if anyone still around had been using drugs, they would have been forced out of addiction cold turkey by now.
I carried the drawers in and put them on the living room floor.  I made a few trips out, and then I sat down with the list of medicines.  The noise had woken the kids.  Ann told them about the plan for breakfast.
“It is bacon.  Try it,” she said about the worms without explaining.
“They didn’t give you the ones you asked for?” Ann said to me.
“The last girl headed out said she didn’t care anymore.  Just take them all,” I said.  It was an easier explanation.
I found several of their medicines, but Ron’s blood pressure medicine was not there.  That was his most important one to continue.
“I guess they were out of his BP pills,” I said.  “I have the old ones from two years ago.”
“Are they still good?” Ann asked.
“When they are old, they just lose potency.  He’ll have to take more.”
I also thought that some of the pills I brought could be alternative medicines for BP.  If I knew more, I could figure out substitutions.  However, I’d check that when the other pills ran out.
I had learned a lot about medicine when I was trying to figure out my own health issues.  I bought many textbooks that doctors used in medical school and read them all.  No doctor had been able to tell me what was wrong with me because each one was too focused on one symptom at a time.  When my blood doctor said there was no explanation for my anemia, that I was just that way, I realized that I was on my own. The reading worked because I’d found the cause, and I confirmed it when the genetic testing came back.
Unfortunately, I’d never been interested in prescribing medicines for others, so I’d never gotten books about that.  I only knew about the pills that I had once taken.
How many pills should I give Ron?  He was getting up now, too.
The most important thing was for him to take some BP medicine now so that his BP wouldn’t spike.  It didn’t have to be the precise dose immediately.  The lethal dose for BP meds was high.  I guessed that two stale pills would be equal one fresh one.  I got the old medicine and gave it to Ann.
“Give him two for now,” I said.  There would be physical signs to watch for that would tell if I’d gotten the dose right.
I could easily calculate how stale the medicine had gotten if I made a few assumptions.  I was looking at Lily and thinking again how I should try to keep giving her things to do now.
“Lily,” I said, “can you help me with a math problem?”
“What is it?”  She was interested.  I told her some background info about medicine.
“If you assume that the potency half-life is one year from dispensing, and the minimum dose is half of a full dose, then what would be the minimum number of pills to take now?”  We wanted to stretch the pills out as long as they would last.
“It depends on when it was dispensed,” she said.
“You can look on the bottles.  We can break pills in half, so I am looking for an answer that is 1.5, 2, 2.5 or so on.”
The biggest risk was that if I’d assumed the medicines were going stale faster than they really did.  Drug companies didn’t want pills to sit on the shelf, but wanted you to buy new ones, so they might put dates on the pills that were sooner than their actual expiration dates.

Everyone was done with breakfast.  No one volunteered to eat the last couple of worms.  I could eat them, but then I thought of showing them to Ben.  If I got him excited, maybe he’d help.
Outside their house, I noticed that the wood Ethan and Frank brought for their use had already been chopped up.  I assumed Ben had done that.  I knocked on the door, and Betty came.
“Good morning,” I said.  “I made fried worms for breakfast and thought you might like to try some.”  I held one up.  Betty’s eyes grew wide and she screamed.  Then she ran away.
Ben came to the door smiling.  He looked at what I was holding.
“I’ll try one,” he said and let me in.
“Betty won’t even kill a spider,” he said.  He laughed as he ate a worm.  “I think it is cute for her to be so afraid of them.  I like how she needs a man around.”
I thought that Ben was old fashioned.  However, to be honest, I liked the idea of being needed even if it was just to squash bugs.
“I also came by to tell you about a prowler that I saw last night,” I said.  “I think we need to limit how much we are out after dark.”
Ted came into the room.  I was still at the front door.
“We can go out whenever we want,” Ted said with a smile.  “I’ll protect everyone.”  He looked right at me and patted his holstered gun.  The way he said it sounded like I was the one that needed to be taken care of, and it bruised my ego.
“What are you chewing?” Ted asked Ben.
“I brought worms,” I said.  I had one remaining. “Do you want one?”  I held it up.
Ted blew his top.  He ranted about manly food, and about how he wasn’t crazy.  I was embarrassed watching him.  He was yelling at me.
“Worms are food for birds and liberals,” he said.  I was worried about how loud he got so quickly, and that he had a gun while doing it.  I wouldn’t force him to eat a worm, but I thought that if I held it towards his face, he might shoot me.
“Okay,” I said.  I repeated it several times to soothe him.  I put the worm in my pocket so he couldn’t see it.  I wouldn’t eat it myself in front of him because that could make him go wild too.
“Sorry,” I said.  I backed out of the front door and then went home.
Walking home, I saw Jason.  He was standing and thinking.  It was the first I’d seen him since he had sounded so depressed.
“Hello,” I said.  “Are you hungry?”  I was going to give him the last worm.
“No,” he said.  That surprised me.  I was always hungry now.  A week ago, he had said he was out of food.  Depressed people sometimes don’t realize they are hungry.
“Have you been eating?” I asked.
“My church friend is a survivalist.  He has a year’s supply of food.  He’s giving me some while I figure things out.”
“Is that the guy with the ham radio?” I asked.  He nodded.  It was good to see that people were helping each other.  I couldn’t feed 5,000 people with a couple fish and loaves.  I wasn’t a miracle worker, but I’d come up with a few good ideas.  Jason’s friend probably had some other plans.  If we put them together and had some people volunteer their time, we could collectively succeed.  That would be a different sort of miracle, but it would also be more manageable.
“I’ve been doing lots of tests with new foods,” I said.  I told him about phrags.  “If your friend stops feeding you, we could work together to get food.”  He nodded.  “Also, there is so much food available, if we reached out to others, we could help them.”
“That’s exciting!” said Jason.  “At church last night the sermon was about God’s Kingdom.  These times must be the sign that it is coming.  Revelations 21 says ‘The first heaven and the first earth had passed away, and the sea was no more.  And I saw a holy City, the new Jerusalem, coming down out of heaven from God.’”  I thought he must have been memorizing that since last night.
“The apostles were tested,” he said.  “Everything we are seeing now is a test to see if we are worthy.  Your ideas might be part of God’s plan for the new perfect world.”
“That is great,” I said, smiling.
“We should talk to my church about it,” he said.
“Are there still many people left?”
“Yes.  It is a big church.”  He had mentioned before that the pastor told them all to stay.  “You gave me an idea.”  He was headed to his SUV.
“Do you have another minute?” I asked.  He paused.  “In case you need water, can I put up some rain barrels?”
“Whatever,” he said as he left.  I had been wondering why there hadn’t been much community organizing.  We could all help each other.  His church would be a way to start.

At home, I decided to cut the firewood.  Frank had left a few large branches.  First, I broke off sticks to make kindling.  Second, I started cutting the branches into segments that would fit in my fire pit.  Then Ann came out and asked me if I was ready for lunch.  I nodded and went in.
“We should make bread again today,” I said.  “It is sunny.”  She nodded.  “My experiment yesterday with phrag flour is there.”  I said pointing.
“Haven’t we had enough of it for a while?”
“The flour isn’t strong flavored.”
“How do I use it?  Each type of flour is different,” she said.  I shrugged.
After I ate, I carefully drained the water off the settled flour.  I could dry it, but then we were going to use it right away.
“It is wet,” Ann said.
“You add water anyway.”
“That is after I’ve mixed the dry ingredients.  Also, how much water is in it already?”
“It isn’t much flour.  Maybe it is half a cup.  Can you mix it with your old recipe the first time?  You could mix the two batters at the end.”  She nodded.
I went to get out the solar oven, and then I finished cutting the wood.  After that, I put together some rain barrels at Jason’s house.  He was saying that God had tested us and that some people had failed.  That meant that his wife and kids were among the failures because they’d left and possibly died.  However, he hadn’t said that.  Maybe he was back to hoping that they’d made it on their trip.  I hoped someone had helped them too.
On the way back across the street, I looked at my neighbor’s house on the east side of mine.  They’d moved in recently and I hadn’t met them.  There was no activity at their house, and their car was gone, so I wondered if they’d left without me seeing.  I was already destroying everyone’s downspouts, so I might as well do it for them too.  I expected that I’d need a lot of water to process phrag flour.
I went up to their front door and started pounding.  I thought of last night when I was at the rest home and trying to get in.  The image of the dead body flashed in my eyes.
I pounded several times, and then went around and looked through all the windows.  There was no sign of living or dead people.
I decided to make some rain barrels.  Their recycling can was full of cardboard.  I wondered if I could burn it as kindling, but I decided not to use it.
Since we already had our evening meal plan worked out, I didn’t feel like I had to do much now.  I went in to rest and I fell asleep in my chair for a short time.
Refreshed, I could focus better on making some decisions.  If I gave Ron too high a dose of blood pressure medicine, it would be apparent by now.
“Ron,” I yelled so he could hear me.  “How are you feeling?”
“Fine,” he yelled back as if I’d been accusing him of being sick.
“Do you have any tingling in your fingers or toes?” I yelled.
“No,” he said.  However, I didn’t trust him.
“Can you stand up?”
“What?” he asked.  I stood up and motioned for him to get up.  He did.
“Are you dizzy?”
“No.”  I sat down again and motioned for him to do so. He had passed my test.
We didn’t have any protein set aside for supper.  It was supposed to be bread and a can of vegetable or fruit.  Protein from lunch and a worm at breakfast was more than enough for a day.  However, I wasn’t satisfied.  I thought again about hunting.
I knew that my BB gun was good enough for small birds, but there were few around so far.  Moreover, I’d have to kill at least a dozen to feed us because they were so small.  I probably couldn’t find more than one or two in a reasonable time.  Still, that was better than nothing.
At suppertime, we all sat together.  When I was working hard, I didn’t get hungry, but I knew that I needed to eat because my body felt weaker as I worked until I ate again.
Ethan came by for a slice of bread, and Ann made a piece of bread for Mary into mush.  It was still too thick for Mary and she spit it out.
“You could just give her plain flour in water next time,” I said.
“Would that taste good?”  She sounded negative.
“It doesn’t matter as long as she eats it.”
“I want her to have a good life.”
“Let her decide what is good.  Maybe she’ll like it and eat it,” I said.  I tried to change the subject.
“Lily, have you worked on the math problem?” I asked.
“Yes.  Two pills should be right for Grandpa,” Lily said.
“Thank you,” I said.  “That is how much I was giving him.  It is a relief to know.  You are still reading the textbooks that I gave you?”
“Yes,” she said.  I nodded and turned to Frank.
“You and Ron can help me too.  When I collect food tomorrow, you can help carry things and be on the lookout.  We need to increase our efforts now that our main food supply is about gone.”  I didn’t expect Ron heard me or would remember, but I was saying it more so Ann would know about my expectations.
I felt overworked and having them with me might help a little bit.  I needed to start giving them more things to do on their own.
“I’m probably going to hunt too,” I said.  “Frank, you can help me with that.”
“No,” he said.
I’d previously offered to teach him how to use my BB gun and he was never interested.  I’d tried to show him how to shoot at a target.  Everyone in my family was sensitive to different things.  I thought maybe that he’d been afraid of guns or the loud sounds they’d made.  However, he had foam dart guns that he played with a lot until last year.  His favorite video games were shooting games.  Plus, a BB gun hardly made any noise.
Then why didn’t he want to shoot?  My own issue had been empathy with animals, especially furry mammals, but I’d gotten past that for when I shot birds.  Empathy couldn’t be Frank’s issue because I’d just wanted him to shoot targets initially.
Was school constantly talking about gun safety and warning of active shooters?  That was important but overdoing it could make people unreasonably afraid of guns.
Frank was sensitive, but in a different way than I was.  One thing I had seen him do was skip pages of books.  He might have learned that from Ann.  When I noticed and asked, they replied, “I don’t like them.”  I never pushed the issue to see what they didn’t like.  For example, were they skipping the scary parts?  Frank had also been more vocal about fearing death than the others.
I’d always wondered how to help my family members.  It seemed like following conventional wisdom always failed my family, so in addition to reading about medicine, I’d also read a lot about psychology.  Partly, I wanted to understand myself, but it also helped me with my family.  Frank’s aversion to guns didn’t prevent him from functioning in life, so I didn’t worry about it anymore at that time.

* * * *


Chapter 16: Day 13, Friday

We didn’t have any food for the day.  I decided to make oatmeal on the fire again, but other than that, we needed to get serious about collecting wild food.
What could we eat for breakfast in the future?  Worms provided enough protein for breakfast, but I hated having to start a fire for every meal.  I wondered how well the worms would stay preserved if I cooked them at suppertime.  That would mean that I’d have to harvest worms in the morning so I could process them before dinner.
When I went in with the food for breakfast, I ate, and then waited for my helpers to wake up.  We would need a wider variety of food than just different parts of phrags, worms, and small birds.  I knew mulberry trees fruited in summer.  The book said that would continue all summer, but that was still a few months away.
Ann went out to hang up clothes to air out.  I was glad to see she was helping too.
Greens like dandelions were edible in spring.  However, the lawn was barely greening.  They wouldn’t be ready for a little bit longer.
Dandelion roots were good year-round.  That would be an alternative starch.  I went out, got the weed puller, and removed one from our lawn.  The root was much thinner than a pencil.  After I peeled it, there would be nothing left.  However, the good thing is that I could find many more in the park.  This was a young dandelion because I usually pulled them from my lawn and that one had snuck up during winter.  I hoped the ones at the park were thicker.
All this time I had been pulling dandelions, but I should have been doing the opposite.  I should have been planting them.  I smiled at my stupidity.  Was I an idiot or was it simply that different behaviors made more sense in different times?  I bet the roots needed cooking, so that wouldn’t work for breakfast.
My work crew of Frank and Ron were finally up and eating.  I decided to bicycle quickly to the park.  I’d had dogs chase me many times while on a bike.  I’d have to remember to lift my legs if one came after me.
I noticed Mateo’s car was in front of his house.  I hadn’t seen it since the event.  That confused me because I thought that he was the only person with any sense, taking his family away the night this all started.
The first dandelion that I pulled in the park was also pencil-thin.  That was a letdown.  Then I decided that mature plants might have the bigger roots.  Since the flowers weren’t out yet, I had to judge by the number of leaves to find ones that were older.  After a minute, I found one that looked promising.  It had a large cluster of leaves.  I pulled back the leaves to look under, and then I used the digger.  It popped out.  Just the top few inches came.  It was half an inch thick, so that was better.  Milky sap oozed out of the severed root.  To get the full root, would I have to dig it out?  Suddenly it didn’t sound as easy.  If my dandelion digger were longer, it would work better.
On the way back home, I noticed a note on our door.  It was from Jason.  He said, “We are set at church for the Sunday evening service to talk about God’s Kingdom.  Please come.”  I was sure that I would go.  We could exchange ideas about getting food and water.
As I went inside, I saw Ron and Frank were done eating.  I told them we were going to go work.  First, I wanted to check on Ron’s medicine dose.
“Ron, are your fingers tingling?” I yelled.
“Yes,” he said.  Ann was right there.  She looked concerned.
“It isn’t a big deal.  We’ll just reduce his dose to one and a half pills,” I said.
“Should he go with you today?”
“I don’t see any problems.  Getting up and getting his blood pumping would be good for him.”  Ann furrowed her eyebrows.  She didn’t believe me, but did that mean she’d protest anymore?
“We’ll need water bottles, shovels, some bags, and a container for worms,” I said.
“I’ll fill some water bottles,” said Frank.
“Ron,” I yelled, “can you get some bags?”
“Yes,” he said.  I went out and found three shovels.  I wasn’t going to make Ron dig; the shovel for him was for protection from dogs.
Leaving was hectic.  I didn’t want to carry all the shovels, but I felt I shouldn’t make Ron carry one because of his shoulder.  Still, if he was attacked, he should be able to swing it for a while.  A sore shoulder was better than a mangled leg.  Then I thought we could carry the water in the bag, but then we’d need another bag, so I got one.
“Put the water in the bag,” I said to Ron.
Just then, I saw a big dog going down our street.  I was alert to it.  It saw us but kept going.  I walked out to the front with one shovel in hand to see where it went.  The guys joined me.
“Ready?” I asked as they approached.
“Yes,” Frank said.
“Okay,” I said.  I walked to the patch of phrags while watching for the dog.  I told them what to do if they saw it come.  I thought having three people together might be enough of a deterrent to a hungry animal.  All I really wanted Ron to do was stand and be a lookout.
When we got there, I started digging sprouts.  I showed Frank what to do.  Ron wanted to dig too.
“You’re on lookout,” I yelled to him.  “Just watch for dogs.”
We were making good progress.  I was keeping the roots too in case we had enough water to make more flour.
I was getting hot and thirsty.  My hair was getting long.  It hung too far down my forehead soaked with sweat.  I didn’t see the water bottles.
“Did we bring the water?” I asked.
“I don’t know,” said Frank.  I asked the same question louder so Ron could hear.  He looked around for a moment.
“It is okay, we are half done.  I can wait,” I said.  I went back to work.  Several minutes later, I noticed that Ron wasn’t there.
“Frank, where’s Grandpa?” I asked.
“I don’t know.”
“Did you see him go?”
“No,” he said.  I couldn’t see Ron anywhere.
“Maybe he went to get the water.”
“Maybe.”
Should we go after him?  We’d seen a dog earlier.  If he’d found the water, he’d be back on his way now.  I decided to wait a few minutes.  If we didn’t finish this, we wouldn’t have enough food.
After a while, I still didn’t see him.  By then we had the minimum amount of food we needed to make a meal.
“Let’s go find him,” I said.  I waited for Frank to finish his last bit of digging.
We walked home while looking for Ron, and for dogs.  I didn’t see anything.
Going past Mateo’s house, I heard yelling.  That was typical and it was sad.  Yet, I couldn’t do anything about it.
I didn’t see Ron when we got home.  The bag of water was still sitting by the door.  I went inside and looked for him myself because I didn’t want to cause worry yet, but he wasn’t there.
“Have you seen Ron?” I asked Ann.
“What do you mean?  Wasn’t he with you?  Have you lost him?” She asked, beginning to panic.
“We thought he came back to get the water he forgot, but then he isn’t here,” I said.
“You lost him.”
“Maybe he isn’t lost.  We just don’t know where he’s at.”
“Huh?” asked Ann.
“Remember the story of my grandpa being ‘lost’ at the historical park.  When we found him later, he said, ‘I wasn’t lost.  I knew where I was at.’  Maybe Ron is on his way.”
“…but where is he?  I don’t want to see him dead on the road with birds pecking at him.”  I thought dogs would find him just as quickly, but I didn’t say it.
“I don’t know,” I said.  “Would he go to the old condo for water?”
“He knew that place better than this one.  Maybe he’s headed there.”  I nodded.
“I’ll find him,” I said.  I thought of bicycling, but then if I found him, it would be easier to bring him back in the car.
I went out and got in the car, but I got a drink of water first.  I thought I should just bring the whole bag.  He could be thirsty too.
He could have taken two routes.  I drove the way I thought he would have walked.  I drove slowly and looked in every direction since he might have stopped to rest.
I saw a few people.  Would they have asked him where he was headed and helped?  Alternatively, would they have taken advantage of him?
When I got to their former condominium, I got out.  He wasn’t at the doorstep.  There were still many cars parked at the units.  He could be standing confused and at a different door, or behind one of the cars.  I walked around the whole site yelling for him.
When I got back to my car, I felt bad.  If Ron was dead or permanently missing, Ann would never forgive me.  Should I go back and ask the people I’d seen?  They wouldn’t say if they’d taken advantage of him.  Instead, if I was polite, they might tell me if they had seen him.
I got in my car and pulled out.  Down the alternative road, I saw him walking up to the condominiums carrying a shovel.  Whew.
I pulled up to him.  I wasn’t going to be angry, but I still needed to yell at him so he would understand.
“Ron,” I yelled.  “I have the water.”
“Oh?”
“Yes, get in and you can come to our house for lunch.”
“Okay.”  I gave him a bottle of water, and we drove home.
“Where were you?” Ann asked Ron as he came in.
“With him,” he said.

At lunch, I watched as Ann slowly settled down from worrying about her father.  Giving her time to adjust was about the only thing that I knew how to do.
That made me think of Lily.  I wanted to help Lily be less anxious.  I learned a lot about the problem from dealing with Ann and myself, and through reading about psychology.
“Lily,” I said, “we all worry sometimes.  Mom and I have had anxieties, and sometimes I wonder if you want to talk about your worries.”
“Why are you picking on me?” she replied.
“I guess it is because you vomit sometimes.  Do you think that anxiety has anything to do with it?”
“No.”  I knew that she was wrong.  She either couldn’t admit it to herself or lied.  “Why’s everyone looking at me?”
I shrugged and changed the subject.  I didn’t want to pressure her, and immediately realized I should have found a better time to talk to her.
After lunch, I got the worms working on chewing up grass.  Then I thought about what else to do.  I really wanted to see if my BB gun was still worth anything for hunting.
I took it to the park because I thought there might be more birds there.  It was illegal to hunt in the park, but no one would know but me.  If any police officers were still around, I knew the risks of holding a gun.  Despite the law that allowed you to carry weapons, it was best to drop a gun immediately when seeing a cop.
I sat on the ground and waited.  It was nice to not actually work hard but just sit.  Some of the trees were putting out leaves, and the others were further along budding.  I was sure that by this date, I normally could see a few leaves on trees.  The season must be delayed at least a week either because of the unusual winter or from the cold snap the last several days.  I thought that if I didn’t catch any game, at least I could pull some more dead wood back with me for fires.
I watched the squirrels jumping around.  Could I shoot them?  They weren’t much bigger than a bird, so the BB might be enough to kill.  I’d have to wait until they came closer.
The squirrels were constantly in motion.  The only time they sat still was when they were high on a branch.  Sometimes they stayed in one spot while digging.
One squirrel came within ten feet.  It was used to having people around.
I raised the barrel of the gun.  When it started digging, I shot.
It jumped and tried to run, but it didn’t go far.  It wailed loudly.  I was surprised because I didn’t think squirrels made noise.  It made me think that I’d shot a dog or cat.
It was suffering and I felt bad.  It might get away if it found its bearings.  I got up.  I should put it out of its misery.  My first thought was to stomp on it, but then as I got close, I cocked the gun and put a BB in its chest.  That stopped it.
I paced around to unwind.  I knew that I didn’t like hunting, and this reconfirmed it.  I was glad that I hadn’t taken Frank with me.
I only wanted one squirrel so that I could make sure that I could cook it.  Other than being emotionally draining, I was relieved that this task hadn’t been hard work.
I picked up the squirrel.  I was wearing gloves.  Suddenly I noticed little red dots crawling onto the glove.  They were mites.  I dropped the squirrel and threw my glove to the ground.
I looked at my hand and coat sleeve to make sure that no mites had gotten on me.  The squirrel was infested, but they probably all were.  It didn’t mean that the meat was bad.  I noticed that this squirrel had mangy, patchy fur.  I assumed it was from constant itching.  I hoped he was the worst one.
I put my hand in my coat pocket to stay warm.  I sat and thought about what to do with the mites.  I didn’t need another squirrel now, but if I caught a different one, then I could take it instead.
I waited half an hour, but the squirrels didn’t come anywhere near me.  Most of the close ones stayed in the trees as if they were now afraid of me.  I wondered if that was my imagination.
How bad were the mites?  Maybe I could shake them off the carcass.  I needed my glove too.  However, as I picked over things, I only saw one mite.  I put on my glove and a smashed it with my finger.  They must have figured out that the animal was dead and left it.
At home, I butchered the animal.  I’d only done that for fish before.  I carefully removed the internal organs and then the skin.  The squirrel had thick hind legs.  The amount of meat I’d get from them was about the same as two small chicken legs.
I put the flesh in a pot.  It was still cold outside and would be fine until I was ready to cook.

I made some more bleach water.  I was ready to try my water filtration system, so I didn’t always have to do the bleach treatment.  I still had time before I needed to cook.
How was I going to get clean gravel?  I hadn’t thought of that.  A neighbor down the block had gravel along their house, but it wasn’t clean.  I wasn’t sure how clean the water was going to get anyhow.  However, If I bleached the gravel, that would clean it.
I hadn’t been paying attention to whether they had moved out.  I knocked on their door.  When they didn’t come out, I got their recycle bin.  It was empty.
I could fill the barrel with gravel by hand.  I didn’t need very much, but I walked back home and got a shovel anyway.
I needed to drill a hole for the water to come out of the bottom.  I thought of soaking the gravel in bleach first in the bottom, but the chemicals would splash later while I drilled the hole.  I’d have to pour it out of the top when it was done.  I’d drill the hole after that.  First, I mixed extra bleach water and dumped it onto the gravel.  That would clean the can too if anything had ever been in it.
I’d considered attaching a garden hose to one of my cans.  But that wouldn’t work here.  I needed this barrel to be slightly over a pit for a receptacle bucket.  I went and got the bucket that I would use.  I was running low on buckets.  Over time, the barrel might sink into the hole.  I could set this up on the edge of pavement.  That would be sturdy.  I sized up the hole that I’d need and started digging.  Buried next to the pavement was some construction gravel that was hard to get through.  Finally, I had my hole.
Next, I cut some weed control fabric to go under my clay.  I was then waiting for the bleach.  I figured that it worked fast.  I had to wait longer to drink because it had to have completely evaporated.  However, I thought it should have killed the germs by now.  I dumped the water into the bucket in the ground.  I’d figure out what to do with it later.  Next, I positioned the fabric.
I had two drills.  One was battery-powered, so I could get work out of it until the battery died.  I used that one to make a hole right on the outer bottom edge of the barrel.
Next, I’d have to do a lot of digging for clay.  I already spent time digging this morning.  I wasn’t in the mood for more.  I looked at my watch.  This was taking longer than I anticipated.  It was getting close to cooking time.  I’d finish the system tomorrow.
I got the fire ready.  I wanted to cook the meat longer than the sprouts because I wanted the meat to be thoroughly done.  I would do the whole thing in one pot, so I put enough water with the meat for the whole meal.  It could be stew, and everyone would get about the same amount of meat.  We had some cornstarch for thickening.  Mary could eat stew too.  Also, I added salt, and then some oil because it was game.
I wished that I could save hot coals for warming beds later.  Would they stay hot in a cooler or lunch bag?  That would keep heat in, but if the coals were too hot, they might melt the plastic or start a fire.  I thought ice packs stored heat as well as cold.  I went inside, got several, and put them around the fire.  Then I found a cooler to store them in once they were warm.
When the cooking was about done, I added the sprouts.  Then I spooned the meat on a plate to remove it from the bone.
Oh, I forgot to cook the worms.  I was going to cook them now so that they’d be quick to eat in the morning.  I threw them in a pot and put it on the grill.
I took the pot inside and ladled out servings into bowls.  There wasn’t much meat per person, but it spread out.  Everyone came to supper.
“What is the meat?” asked Frank.
“It is ‘meat’,” I said with air quotes.  That was our joke when it was a weird substitute like vegetarian loaf.
“No, this is real meat,” he said as he had some.
“It is fresh game,” I said.  They might not like eating squirrels, so I change the subject.
Ron usually never had any idea what we were talking about unless we got his attention and yelled at him. So, I said, “Frank, next time we take grandpa with us, we are going to have to figure out how to keep him there.”
“We could do it like the prison work crews and put him on a ball and chain,” I said.  “Oh wait, he already has one.”  I pointed at Mary.  Frank didn’t get the joke, but Ann knew what I meant.  She rolled her eyes.  We sat for a minute silently.
“Ann, you saw I gave Lily some of your textbooks to read,” I said.  I thought that the two of them might talk more if I got them engaged in conversation.
“Oh?” said Ann.
“What are you reading now Lily?”  She said something that Ann understood.  They talked a few minutes.
“Ann, my hair is getting long,” I said.  She used to cut the kids’ hair.  She never liked it, but the kids wouldn’t sit still for a stylist.  “Can you help me?”
“I am not good enough.”
“That doesn’t matter.  I don’t plan to go to work this week.  I could get it away from my forehead, but I can’t do the back.”
“Okay,” she said.  “You can be entertainment for mom and dad if I sit you in the middle of the living room.”
“Do I have to tell jokes if I’m the entertainment?”
“No, I haven’t ever heard one from you yet,” she said.  I smiled.
After I cleaned the dishes, I put a kitchen chair in the middle of the living room.  Then I got the scissors and comb.
“How are we going to clean up the hairs,” she said.  “There’s no power for the vacuum.”
“Oh,” I said.  “We could do it outside.”
“Brrr,” she said as she shivered.
“Did you ever get the new shower curtain?” I asked.
“No,” she said.  “It is still on the list.”
I looked around for ideas.  I ended up spreading newspapers across the floor.
As I sat and had my haircut, I looked down at the headlines.  It all was irrelevant now.
“I wish that Lily would be willing to talk to me about anxiety issues,” I said.  “She rarely talks to me.”
“We talk sometimes when you are not around.  We used to do it more when you were asleep, but now I’m home a lot more.”  That was comforting.  At least if Lily didn’t talk to me, she had someone else to talk to.
“Do you talk about worries, or just regular things about life?”
“It depends,” she said.  I considered whether I could counsel Lily about anxiety through an intermediary.  It was hard to get Ann to do things I wanted, but it was worth trying.
“Sometimes you should tell her that anxiety is normal.  Stress and worry are the way we always make sure that we aren’t doing anything dangerous.”  Ann was in front of me looking at my bangs, and I saw her nod.
Ann took an hour fussing over my hair.  I let her do it.  I had nothing else to do before it was time for chores.
“You are always a perfectionist,” I said.
“Sorry,” she said.
“Why do you think you are that way?”  Maybe if I got her to reflect more about herself, she’d have more to say to Lily.
“I like to get things right.”
I looked at her parents.  I knew that Mary had been very picky.  It was rough being picked at all the time.  No wonder Ann was such a perfectionist.
“You are a perfectionist too,” she said.
“I am?”
“Yes, you only want the dishes cleaned your way,” she said.  I laughed.  I cleaned them by not cleaning them.  A perfectionist would never do it that way.
After my chores, I went to bed.  I had trouble falling asleep because I heard gunshots in the distance.  After two weeks, people were starting to get desperate.

* * * *


Chapter 17: Day 14, Saturday

For breakfast Saturday, I ate some earthworms.  I left the rest out for others.
I was up again before it was light, but I could see enough to work.  There was too much to do to wait around until everyone was awake and the sun had come up.
I’d heard gunshots last night, but no one would be out in the early morning.  Troublemakers weren’t early risers.
I wanted to work on the next step for the rainwater filtration system.  I had to dig up several cubic feet of clay to put into the trashcan, packing it down as I went.
I started to dig a hole at the back of the backyard, making it a four-foot square.  It was far from the system I was making, but I had an old wagon and a broken wheelbarrow that I could use to haul the clay.
First, I dug up the grass and topsoil.  It was about ten inches down before I got to clay.  I put the sod in a pile and kept the worms and grubs for cooking later.  Digging through the clay was much tougher.  Since the wheelbarrow handle was broken, I could only fill it halfway and still manage to move it.  Then I took that clay and put it into the trashcan.  I thought that it would take about three wheelbarrow loads to get the amount I needed.
Into the barrel, I put in only enough clumps of clay to cover the surface before I packed it down.  I got the sledgehammer from the garage and dropped the head down onto the soil.  It was small, so I had to do that dozens of times.  After finishing with one batch, I was ready for a break and a drink of water.

As I sat down and looked up, I saw someone coming in the morning light.  He was short and overweight.  It was Ethan.
“I’m hungry.  We are completely out of food,” he said.
“Ted doesn’t have any of his plunder hidden anywhere?”
“No, I am starving.”
“I’ll get you some bacon strips,” I said.  I went in.  Everyone else was up and eating them too.  Even though it was dark, you could only sleep so long before you had to get up.  The worms took a long time to chew so there were plenty left.
“What can I feed mom?” Ann asked.
“I need to get working on food for the rest of us.  Can you make something for her?”  I reminded her about making flour from roots.  She’d seen me do it.
“You can give her a paste to eat,” I said.  “Thin the crystals in water.”
I told Ron and Frank that we would go out to dig for food as soon as they were ready.  I took out some bacon for Ethan.
“Ethan, we will need your help to get more food.  Is everyone up at your house?” I asked.
“Mom is,” he said.
“Go home now.  I’ll come over in a little bit and ask you and her to help.  It won’t look like you were begging if you are already there.”
He nodded and left while chewing his worms.  I had eaten a while ago, but I was still hungry.  The worms hadn’t sustained me very long.  I should have more.

When Ron and Frank were ready, we gathered our supplies and walked to Ethan’s house.  Ethan saw us coming and I could hear inside that he told his mom to answer the door.
“Hello,” she said.
“We are going to get some food,” I said.  “I was wondering if you wanted to join us.”
“What are you getting?” she asked.  I told her.
“It is a lot of digging,” I said.  “It is a lot of hard work, but if you are hungry now, you can eat some of it right as you harvest it.”
“Should we take rain gear?  Is it in the forecast?” Betty asked.
“God knows,” I said sarcastically.
Betty and Ethan came out after leaving a note for the others.  I had them get the supplies that they’d need, and then we walked to the “farm.”
This was the first time that I could see the sprouts coming out of the ground.  It helped locate exactly where to dig to get them out.  However, I wanted to dig deeper to get the roots too.
Ron wanted to help, but he couldn’t do much.  I thought that it was better to have him be involved because he’d be less likely to walk away.  With five people, we wouldn’t need a lookout.  Dogs wouldn’t come close.  Yet, if they did, I thought one of us would see them before they were upon us.
We were all hungry, so I showed everyone how to eat the inner part of the sprout, which turned a little green right after it came out of the ground.  However, there was still enough to eat which helped us have the energy to work.
We each got as many sprouts, worms, and roots as we’d need for the day.  Betty asked about the roots, but I said I’d show her later what to do.  On the walk back, I asked her if she’d found ways to make her kids useful, hoping to suggest that she shouldn’t be doing everything by herself.  Then I suggested that she show them how to purify water.

When we got back, we needed something to eat because the breakfast hadn’t been satisfying.  It was early for lunch, but people were hungry already.  Unfortunately, the sprouts would have to be it for now.  Mary could eat the juicy white centers.  Ann had made more flour than was needed for her, but it would take time to settle out of the water.
I boiled the sprouts on the fire and added some salt.  I’d been digging all morning either in my yard or at the farm.  I’d gotten used to digging a lot, but still, I wanted to avoid doing too much of it in the afternoon.
While cooking, I thought of the meeting at Jason’s church tomorrow.  I hoped I could offer my expertise on the survival strategies I had used so far.
At lunch, I talked to everyone about the water filtration system I was making.  Ann was most resistant.
“I will still bleach it as long as we have bleach,” I said.  I had been thinking of making biochar or activated carbon, which reminded me of the assignments that I’d given Lily.
“Lily, we have a big pile of ash from fires.  I wonder if there is anything we can do with it,” I said.
“Ash is a good fertilizer,” Ann said.  That might be helpful if we had a garden, but we mostly just had flowers.  Moreover, it was too early in the spring to grow anything.
I told Lily more about filtration.  I asked her to think about whether activated carbon would help the process.
I needed to work, but I was tired.  Hunting was easy, so I decided to do that.  I learned that the BB gun had enough power to hobble a squirrel, but that meant that I might need to chase them.  That was okay because it wasn’t hard to do for a short sprint.  However, I needed a better way to put them out of their misery.  I wished that I had a fishing net to hold them in place.  Instead, I found a metal baseball bat.
I walked to the park and then sat.  I thought I could find one or two squirrels around home, but I was looking for as many as possible.   I watched for a long time.  I counted about one hundred trees, and it seemed each one had a squirrel in it.  There must be so many here because the oak trees made so many acorns.
After a while, a squirrel came close enough that I might be able to get him.  My first shot missed.  The noise scared the squirrel, but he came back after ten minutes.  Then I nailed him.  He lay on the ground in a spasm, but I appreciated that it didn’t scream like the first one.  I smashed the bat on his head.
I spent a few hours there.    Most of the ones I shot ran for several seconds after I shot them, but then became lifeless.  One bloodied squirrel disappeared up a tree and I never saw it again.  I moved around to other areas of the park, and I got eight squirrels in total.  I’d shot two while they were sitting still in the tree.  Luckily, they fell to the ground.
Five animals would be enough for us since Mary wouldn’t eat much.  That meant I could give three to Ethan’s family.
I stopped to drop them off on the way back.  Ben came to the door.  I offered the three squirrels.
“Thank you,” he said.  “I’ve never been a hunter.” I was pretty sure he knew how to use a gun, though.  He might have one.  “I don’t know how to skin it, and Betty won’t touch it unless it is cleaned.”
“You have to chop off the head too,” said Ted, “so Betty doesn’t see the eyeballs staring at her.”  Inside, she gave Ted the finger.
“I can skin it for you,” I said.  “Actually, it is a waste to get two fires going.  I’ll cook it and bring it back.”
“Thanks,” Ben said.
The temperature was in the 50s.  It was the warmest day that we’d had in more than two weeks.  However, I wouldn’t want to leave the squirrels out.  If I started cooking now, we’d have an early supper.
The flour that Ann made would be good if made into bread, and that would be great for breakfast.  We could cook it today and eat it tomorrow.  I had new roots that I could extract flour from but by the time I’d done that and after the bread had risen, it might not be sunny enough for the solar oven.
Meat alone wasn’t enough for supper.  I decided to make baking soda bread because it was fast.  I asked Ann how to do it and she told me to look in one of her cookbooks.  I proportioned it for the flour we had.
Ethan and Frank came up to me.  They looked at the cooking pot.
“I can smell that cooking from our house,” he said.  I knew I wouldn’t have enough bread for their family.
“If you are hungry, see who can come help make flour,” I said.  I hated using up our water for settling flour.  I had enough for several days, but there was no guarantee that it would rain again soon.  For now, and for tomorrow morning, we could have different breads.  As a last resort, if the bread didn’t finish rising and baking tonight, I could cook it on the fire in the morning.
Frank, Betty, and her kids Ethan and Patty returned after a few minutes.  I got Ethan and Frank working on cleaning the roots.  The women worked the roots in the water.  I took some of flour and told Ann to make dough out of it.
I took the cooked meat and first batch of soda bread for my family for an early supper.  I told Betty how to make soda bread with the remaining flour and showed her the ingredients.  She worked on it as we ate.

I thought about whether to invite Frank along to Jason’s church on Sunday.  Frank knew Jason’s son Joshua well, and Frank was curious about the problems we were facing.
What else could I get Frank to do?  Could I get Frank to work alone with Ron on digging spouts?  No, that was asking for trouble.  I wanted to experiment more with digging dandelions.  If I got a process going, I wondered if he and Ethan could do that together in the park.  That would give us a larger variety of food to eat.  At supper, I talked to Frank about how he’d have to work more now.
“Mom isn’t swallowing her broth,” said Ann.  Ann was getting herself upset.  “She just spits it out.”  I watched as she demonstrated.  After a minute of having the liquid in her mouth, she’d open her lips and it would come out.
The others were about done eating, so I stalled.  I didn’t want them to become distressed too.
“Let me think about it for a minute,” I said, stretching it out for five minutes until Ann and I were the only ones left.
“Maybe she isn’t hungry,” I said.
“No.  She’s very hungry.  Can’t you see how anxious she is when I show her the food?”
“Her problem has been that she wouldn’t eat thick things, right?”
“Right.”
“She’s always been okay with water?” I asked.  Ann nodded.
“Maybe she isn’t feeling good today,” I said.
“I don’t know what to do,” Ann said, panicked.
“We can wait and see.  She will be fine for a short while.”
“The people at the Assisted Living Center would know what to do,” Ann said.
“True,” I said.  I told her the last nurse was leaving then.  Did she think they’d come back?
“Should we take her to the hospital?” she asked.
“No.  We should wait until the problem is more serious.  So far she’s only skipped one meal.”
“Her lunch didn’t go well, but I think she ate something,” she said.
“If we brought her in to the hospital now, they would think we were silly.  Let’s wait at least a day to observe,” I said.
Ann didn’t look happy with my suggestion.  However, she didn’t complain.  She didn’t want to have people think that she’d taken in her mother for a trivial issue.

I sat for a while, but then decided that I needed to do more work.  It was still only the late afternoon.
“Has the dough risen?” I asked Ann.
“Check it,” she said.  “It seems to rise differently than wheat flour.”
I poked the dough ball.  It was puffy, so it must be good.  I took it out and set up the solar oven.  The Sun was lower in the sky, but it was bright, and warmer today.
The next thing that I did was shovel more clay into my water filtration system.  I wore out quickly and was soon ready for sitting again.
I looked at my guidebook.  The author listed many foods, but they all seemed to be for summer or at least for warmer climates.  Rather than an alphabetic list, I needed something to tell me what I could get right now.
I started making a list of foods and then writing down what seasons they were best in.  I confirmed that acorns were also in the book, but they required a lot of work to make them edible.  Half the trees in the park were oak trees.  There were still acorns on the ground from fall where the squirrels had rejected them.
I was surprised that grass was on the list, and it was good in spring through fall.  I guess I remembered when I was a boy, in summer we’d lay on the lawn, pull out a blade of grass and chew on the white part.
Grass roots, blades, and sometimes seeds were all edible.  The grass didn’t look appetizing now.  However, the worms didn’t care that it was in bad shape.  We needed green vegetables now, but the grass wasn’t quite ready to be eat in my opinion.  It would be easy to pick grass by the handful when it started to come up fresh.  The white roots were edible, but then I thought that they’d be even thinner than dandelion roots, so I wasn’t so excited about that.  However, the advantage was that you could pull them and start chewing as soon as you got the dirt off them.
I was pleased to see that the bread was cooked well enough by the time the Sun went down.  That would help give more calories to go with the worms at breakfast.

* * * *


Chapter 18: Day 15, Sunday

Sunday morning the ground was wet.  It had rained in the night.  After I ate breakfast, I went outside to see how full the rain barrels had gotten.  It was too dark to tell from looking on the side of the clear bin, so I reached in until I felt water.  We’d gotten enough to fill them more than halfway.  That was a lot of water, but on the roofs, it might have been only a quarter inch.  Regardless, I was pleased.
I thought that in a serious rain, my barrels would overflow.  If I wanted, I could connect several barrels together.
The birds were singing.  I guess they were happy too.  The rain made it easy for them to catch worms.
That made me think that I should collect some too.  If I got a lot, I could get ahead of the game.  The worms would keep well if I dried them completely.
I got a flashlight and a container.  The worms on the sidewalks were easy to catch.  I took only the big ones.  I filled my small container from just our block.  Then I went back with a bucket.  I went down Linwood to Cass, then after Cass, I took Linwood and went around the park.  The paved paths were good for finding lots of worms.  There were more there than in the neighborhood.  I wondered if it was random or if there was a reason. One answer that I came up with was whether using lawn chemicals had killed worms.  At that thought, I regretted getting so many from the neighborhoods where I didn’t know whether they’d used chemicals.
With this much water, I could try my new water filtration system without worrying about accidentally wasting the water.  I hadn’t put in as much clay as I wanted, but I thought it should be fine.  I took a bucket of water and put it into the system.  The rain had dampened the soil, but no water had come out of the bottom.  I poured the bucket into the top.
I went about my day putting worms into containers with some grass.  An hour later, as I came around the water system, I saw that the water had gone through.  It was in the bucket at the bottom.  The water was a little cloudy.  That wasn’t a problem in my mind, but I started to think about what I could do.  I thought it would settle out, but then putting a coffee filter at the end of the spout might also collect the silt.
I added some more water at the top.  Making water would be serious work.  Someone had to come out and do it.  Ann was stuck at home because of her parents, but she could sneak out and move water around from bucket to bucket.  Lily would loudly protest if I gave her anything to do.  It was almost not worth upsetting her because of the possible consequences.  However, I had already talked to her about water purification.  I hoped I could convince her that transferring water was part of our experiment.  She needed to do something even if was symbolic.
If I had a pump, I could have the water go directly from collection to filtration to drinkable storage.  However, the whole problem was that we had no electricity to run pumps.  A hand pump, if I had one, might be just as much work as carrying the water.

The day went much as the previous day had gone.  We were starting to get into a pattern.  When I saw Betty, I told her how to get clean water from the new rain barrel system.
The temperature got into the 60’s.  I walked around without a jacket on for a while.  The house warmed up too, and everyone shed their layers of clothing.
“Ann,” I said.  “We have enough water to do laundry today.  You could do as much as you want to do.”
“Gee, thanks,” she said sarcastically, trying to be funny.
“If you want to, I’ll set out water for you,” I said.  She nodded.  I didn’t want to argue with her about using bleach water on laundry, so I got her the water straight from the rain barrel and she’d never know.  We only had so much bleach.  Laundry detergent sometimes had a small amount of bleach in it anyway.

Fixing supper, I cooked all the worms and dried them extra like jerky.  At supper, Mary still wouldn’t drink, but she would eat.  I thought that was odd.  Ann could thin flour into a thick soup for her, and that would go down.  Anything thicker and Mary would spit it by putting it on the end of her tongue.  If it was thinner, she’d spit the new way by opening her lips and it’d dribble out.
“That’s an improvement,” I said.
“I don’t know,” said Ann.  “She’s not getting water except in food, and she’s not urinating.”
“Oh,” I said.  “Maybe it will take a while for her system to catch up to having it again.”  Ann shook her head.
“You need more than just water from food,” she said.
“Was the broth we were feeding her yesterday too thin?” I asked.
“Yes.”
I changed the subject.  I wanted to know more about lawn chemicals.  Should I be concerned about eating worms from areas that had been treated?  In addition, that reminded me of the issue with harvesting phrags near railroad tracks.  I’d be following a plan to minimize the risk, but eventually, I’d have to know what to do when the best locations ran out.
I told Lily that I was interested in all chemicals applied by railroad and lawn companies.  I wanted to know how long they stayed in the ground.  Related to consumption, I said I wanted to know the tolerable levels of human consumption of the chemicals and whether any could be neutralized through cooking.
“I don’t think that is chemistry,” said Lily.  “That is biology.”  It was a stretch for me to think that her reading was contributing to helping our family survive.  She was doing nothing physical yet to get food and water.  If she wanted to keep it that way, she’d at least have to play along that she was contributing in other ways.  However, I wasn’t going to force the issue yet.
“I was trained as an electrical engineer,” I said, “but then for work, I had to learn lots of new things, like meteorology.  I think it is really important for you to see the different ways you can apply chemistry.”
I’d thought about her issues a lot.  Focusing on one area like chemistry may be good for someone with anxiety issues.  If they can push themselves to excel at that one thing, then they can gain a lot of confidence.  No matter how they are criticized, they can tell themselves that they are good at one thing and that other things don’t matter.
Why was Lily that way?  I was sure that genetics must be a factor considering how much Ann and I also struggled with similar issues.  Also, I was sure that I could have been a better parent if I’d understood what I know now.  I blamed others too.  There were so many times that other people could have helped my kids but didn’t.  I was resentful.
My thoughts suddenly made me doubt going to Jason’s church tonight.  Did I want to help other people?  Maybe at this moment I didn’t.  Yet, I thought I could learn some useful information.

I wasn’t used to staying up past 8 PM.  The evening service at Jason’s church was at 7 PM, so if it were a normal Sunday, I could still get home in time for bed.  Since the whole point of this meeting was that we’d have discussions on how to make a new world, it had to last more than an hour.
I left for the service half an hour early.  My car had less than half a tank of gas remaining.  It was enough for several trips to his church.  The disadvantage of working with people so far away is that it would eventually start to become harder to travel to see them.  I could bicycle that far, but after a day of work, I might not have the energy to make it back.  Yet, some of the members might live in Circle Park like Jason.
The evening was getting cloudy.  I liked that because it meant that it might rain again, and it made it darker than usual for that time of day.
I saw a few cars on the road as I approached the church.  They were heading the same way.  As I arrived, I saw that the parking lot was almost full.  I parked and got out.
The church building looked like it was built in the 1960s.  It had a large sanctuary and a connected wing of rooms for Sunday school.  For a suburban church that drew members only from that town, it would be the right size, but tonight they needed a larger building.  To meet the needs of the worshippers, they normally had several services per weekend.
I went to the front door nearest to the Sanctuary.   A few people were talking there, but there was a line once I got in.  They were asking questions of each person as they greeted them.
As I waited in line, I realized I hadn’t seen this many people in more than two weeks.  They must have learned some tricks for living without electricity.  However, despite being alive, they looked worn out as if they were dragging themselves from place to place.
“Are you baptized?” an usher asked the family in front of me.
“Yes,” said the father.
“All of you?”
“Yes.”
“Okay,” said the usher.  Another usher seated the family.  I noticed that Jason was an usher in another aisle.  The ushers carried candles.  It wasn’t dark yet, but it was starting to get dim.
“Are you baptized?” the usher asked me.
“Yes, but why does that matter?”
“We insist that everyone attending be baptized,” he said.  I shrugged.
“Are you a member?”
“No, Jason invited me,” I said.  “I can just sit in the back.”  He nodded and pointed to the last pew.
None of us had bathed in more than two weeks.  Sitting that close to strangers took grit.
The man behind me hadn’t been baptized, and so they diverted him to the center aisle.  The baptismal was at the back of the aisle there.  I watched as the head usher dipped water upon his head.  Right now, water was worth as much as gold.  Everyone at the back stared at the man while usher poured great the amounts of water over him.  I wondered if the people around me were getting enough water to drink.
If there was a discussion, it’d be harder for me to speak up from the back row.  I thought of moving, but then I’d have to explain to the ushers.  There was a young couple next to me.  The woman looked like she was going to faint.  I decided to talk to them.
“Are we going to stay in this room to do the planning?” I asked.  They looked at me as if I was talking funny.
“I don’t know,” the man said.
“Are you members?” I asked.
“Yes,” he said.
“Did you hear any announcements about a special meeting today?”
“No.  Maybe they will say something at the beginning,” he said.  I nodded.
If none of these people had eaten in two weeks, they wouldn’t be able to help me much with farming. I couldn’t feed them all.
It was time to start the service.  The pews were so full that a few people stood at the back of the aisles.  The front was lit by two candelabras, and the ushers spread among the aisles with their candles to light the sanctuary.  The ushers looked a little healthier than the others did.  I knew that Jason had been getting food from his church friend.
The event started like any worship gathering.  They recited creeds and sang a familiar song.  Then the pastor started to speak.  Everyone strained to hear in the large room since he had no microphone.
“Do you think we are only having a few bad days?  Are these just tough times?” he asked.  “We all go through daily trials.”  The pastor repeated himself pointing his voice towards people on the other side of the sanctuary.
“But this is more than that.  This is the end times, the eschaton.”
Some people would say that eschaton means Armageddon.  However, it could also mean a time of big changes.  It was true that we’d seen the end of life as we knew it.
“The Four Horsemen of the Apocalypse have come.  We have lived long with conquest and war.  Now we are suffering famine and death.  We’ve heard from one of our members that even in the South where they have electricity, that people can’t get food.  The distribution system is knocked out.  Death follows the Horseman of Famine.  We know that death is already here for many.  Many of the families who have left us, and fled south, were caught in Valley of Death.  It is where people found themselves stranded with no gas or water.  No one was able to help them.  Anyone who is hoping for the government to save them is praying to false gods.
The pastor got out a Bible.  He told us to read Luke 21 with him.  It was too dark for reading, but some people tried.
“There will be signs in the sun, moon, and stars.  Heavenly bodies will be shaken.  They will see the Son of Man coming in a cloud.  You will know your redemption is near.”
That verse made me think of the aurora.  It almost scared me to think that the text had foreshadowed the current events.
“God uses colorful light to bring us into covenant with Him.  Noah’s rainbow was an arc of light that was a contract between God and His believers.  Likewise, the miraculous lights in the sky have shown that it is time for a new covenant.  We are in a new era.
“The previous era was a time of man.  We ran the world and failed.  Now it is a time of God.  It is time for His kingdom to come.  God is saving a place for us in Heaven.”
This pastor was all over the map.  He was talking about a new way of living together in peace, but then he switched to talking about the afterlife.  I really hadn’t come to hear a sermon. I wanted to talk more about working together.
“Others have run away.  They have hidden from God’s plan.  They aren’t the chosen ones.  The true chosen have stayed.  They saw the fire coming down from Heaven and didn’t run from it.
“God has been wrathful to unbelievers in the past.  As with Noah’s flood, sinners have suffered His retribution.  God’s covenant to them was that He’d never destroy humanity again until He had built it up into a perfect kingdom.  We are His people.  It is time to confess our sins and prepare ourselves.”
I didn’t like the way this sermon was going.  I didn’t like churches that were exclusive.  The pastor was doing too much to highlight differences between his flock and outsiders.
“As we pray, feel God acting within you.  Feel the fire of His Spirit come into you.”  He bowed his head.  Over the smell of body odor and smoke from the candles, I thought I got a whiff of another scent.
I was getting nervous, but I couldn’t figure out why.  Things didn’t seem right to me.  I prayed for peace of mind, but after a minute, I looked up.
All the ushers standing at the back of the aisles had gone out.  I looked up.  Everyone else was still praying silently.  Jason was still at the front.
I was too excited to sit.  Sometimes when that happened at home or work, I’d get up and walk.  It had never happened at church before.
I slipped past the old woman sitting between the aisle and me.  Just as I got up, the pastor started leading everyone in a spoken prayer.
As I reached the hallway, my heart started pounding so hard that I thought I was having a heart attack. Two ushers were huddled at the end of the hallway. One was bent over the exit doors.  There was a rattling sound, and then he stood erect.
Only one of them had a candle and it was dark.  I walked closer to them to see more clearly what was happening.  My feet moved by themselves.  It was as if I wasn’t in control of my own actions.
The other usher picked up a gas can and removed the cap.  I froze.  It didn’t make sense.  Would my feet move?
“What are you doing?” my voice said on its own.  It was squeaky.
They looked up.  I could see that they had locked the door with a chain between the push-bars.  They just stared at me and didn’t reply.
I turned and went down the main hallway, towards the far exit at the end of the Sunday school wing.  At the end were more ushers holding candles. The doors there were made of glass.  I could see some light from the sunset outlining the shapes of their bodies.
“I need to leave,” I said as I approached them.  I looked for chains on the door and my heart sank when I saw them.
“What?” asked one usher.
“I need to leave.”
“You are baptized.  You must stay.”
“I can’t.  I have to go home,” I said.
“It would risk your eternal soul.  We can’t let you do that,” he said.
“Why?”
They’d chained the door, but still, I felt that I should try it.  I slipped between two men and put my hands on the bar.  I pushed hard, and the doors opened less than an inch.
“No,” said the usher.  He grabbed me and shoved me back.  I stumbled and fell.
Smoke was coming from the other direction.  I was going to die if I stayed here.
But there was nowhere to go.  I could head toward the smoke and flames or fight these men.
The two other men were coming with their gas container.  I had no time.
The side rooms could be open.  I could hide from the smoke and flames in there.  I grabbed the pre-school room door handle, but it was locked.
The ushers didn’t know what I was doing or didn’t care.  They didn’t try to stop me.
Across from it was the pastor’s office.  I turned the handle.  It was unlocked, so I opened the door and went in.
“Did the pastor lock it?” asked an usher.  “Shall we stop him?”  A man came to the door after me.  I slammed it on him, but I couldn’t get it closed.
He pushed back to try to open it.  I held it closed with my foot at the bottom of the door. In a minute, smoke would be pouring in.  They were emptying the gas can on the floor by the exit doors.
“It doesn’t matter now,” an usher said.  “Leave him.”  The usher I was fighting retreated to the hallway.  I closed the door and locked it.
The room was full of bookshelves.  This was a horrible place to be.  If the books caught fire, this would be the hottest room in the building.  I needed to get out.
Behind the desk was a window.  I jumped around the desk and grabbed the handle, but it wouldn’t budge.  The old rusted windows were in bad shape.
With both hands and my whole weight, I pushed against the handle.  It moved an inch.  I tried more.  If I put anymore force into it, I’d break my hands.  Then it creaked open.
I looked out.  There was a bush below the window, and I couldn’t jump without its branches impaling me.  If I went face-first, it would scratch me severely.   Instead, I crawled up and put my feet out the window first.  I rolled over on my stomach so I could lower myself.  The windowsill jabbed me on the chest.  I didn’t worry about breaking a rib because I only wanted to survive.  I scraped my body badly as I lowered myself down between the wall and the bush.
I limped from behind the bush towards my car.  I had the impulse to drive away.  Through the glass doors, I could see flames.  I wanted to get away and be safe.
Yet, I heard the congregation.  Some were singing, but over the song, I heard yelling.  Many people didn’t want to be there.  As the inferno got closer, even more of them started screaming.
I had a stupid thought that if I’d brought my phone, I could call the fire department.  No, nobody’s phones worked.  In fact, I guessed the firehouse was abandoned.  I could drive there to confirm it.  No, there wasn’t time for that.
The parking lot was closest to the Sunday school doors.  I went to my car.  From this distance, I could still hear people.  They were in panic.  Many were yelling, and some screamed in pain.
How could I get them out?  I could use my car as I’d done to open the medicine chest at the home.  I’d smash open the doors.
The door from the Sunday school rooms went down a short ramp.  Could get my car up it?
There was a handicap parking spot right at the end of the ramp, but it was occupied.  I’d have to drive over grass.
I ran to my car and got in.  I started it and put it in drive.  I floored the pedal to race around to the grass.  Then I put it in reverse so I would hit the doors with my trunk.  I backed quickly.  I had no time to waste.
Only one wheel fit on the ramp, and the other was on the side.  When I hit the handrail, it forced the car to turn.  The bumper hit the church wall with a thud.
The airbags inflated.  I was frozen under them for a second.  It shocked me and I didn’t know what to do.  After the air bags came down, I tried to drive more, but the car had stalled.  I turned the key, but nothing happened.
What could I do?  I was in panic.  There was no time left.  I jumped out of my car and ran to the other door.
There were no more songs, just screams.  Smoke was the killer.  If I could let out the smoke, they might live.  I saw landscaping bricks lining the ground under the large stained-glass windows.
I grabbed a brick and flung it up with both hands.  It bounced off the windows but left a small hole.  I grabbed another brick and tried again.
Unfortunately, for every brick, the sounds from inside were getting quieter.  People were dying.  I kept throwing the bricks for several minutes until it was futile.
I fell on the ground and gave up.  Jason, my friend, was in there. Had he known what they were planning?  I thought he wanted to talk about making a new world.  Yet, he was so depressed that he had gotten confused.
The flames increased.  I thought that I should move away for my safety.  But for a few minutes, I didn’t care if I was too close.
How was I going to get home?  My car wasn’t working.
It would be a two-hour walk home.  I was exhausted and bruised.  Night had become a dangerous time and I’d be too exposed on the street alone.  Was there another way?
There were many cars outside.  If anyone had left their keys in their vehicle, I could take it.  People didn’t normally do that, but if they weren’t in their right mind, it might have happened.
In addition, I wondered what the odds were that my keys would work on another vehicle.  No, with the modern chip keys, it was impossible.
My keys were still in my car, and it was near the burning building.  Did I need them?  I expected Ann had gone to bed and locked the doors.  Certainly, by the time that I’d gotten home Ann would have locked it.
I went around to my car.  The flames weren’t on the car, but as I got close, I felt the heat.
When I’d tried to restart the car, nothing had happened.  In a panic, anything could happen.  Maybe I’d even turned the keys the wrong way.
I crawled into the car over the deflated airbags.  My bruises ached as I moved.  I tried to pull out my keys, but they were stuck.  I didn’t understand.  I couldn’t just sit here with a fire so close.
Then I realized the car was still in gear.  The keys won’t come out and the car won’t start in that situation.
I put the car into park and turned the key.  It started normally.  I was suddenly just a little bit less depressed.
I put on my seatbelt and then put the car in drive.  Slowly I pulled down the ramp and I heard scraping sounds as I went.  When I was safely onto pavement again, I stopped.  I got out to look at the damage.  Except for the back bumper and deployed air bags, the car was fine.  I thought the bumper would drag on the ground all the way home, but I didn’t care.  I got in and drove slowly home.
Would Ann see the car and ask about the damage?  I didn’t even know if I wanted to tell my family about the trauma of the night.  I hoped that they were all asleep when I got back, but in the morning, I’d have to decide.
Ann hadn’t left our property in more than a week.  If I parked a house or two away with the back faced the other direction, she wouldn’t know anything, and she’d see the car was fine.
I was crushed. My hopes for making a new world were dead.  My one chance had been destroyed.
I felt that from now onward, it must be every man for himself.  My family was part of me, and it meant that they were included in my plan.  However, I seriously considered if I should even help the Shoemakers.  Their friend Ted was trouble.  But I felt I had to help them because of Frank and Ethan’s close friendship.
Halfway home the dragging sound stopped.  The back bumper must have fallen off.
When I got home, everyone was asleep.  I slipped into my bed.  For the first time, it wasn’t too cold for me.  I was so exhausted that I fell asleep right away.

* * * *


Chapter 19: Day 16, Monday

In the morning, I woke after the others.  I didn’t want to get up.  I was bruised and I felt like a zombie.
What did I have to do?  I had lots of water and a system to clean it.  I had food for the morning all set and a supply of worms that would last a while after that, but other food would run out.
We needed to collect phrag sprouts, but I could take it easy.  I could get Ann and Betty to make flour from roots.
I could hunt, but I might not be able to do it all the time depending on the weather.  I thought I needed to try making some traps.  They’d work without me being out in the rain.  Frank didn’t want to hunt, but I might be able to get him to check traps.  I got up to eat and to read my book to find out about trapping.
“How was the church service?” Ann asked.
“Umm.  I don’t think they had the same ideas I had.  We need to just keep going with what we have.”  The world had changed.  I guessed half the people left in town had died in the church last night.  Still, my family didn’t need to be confronted with the reality that way.  To keep Ann and Lily calm, I needed to put it to them gently.
“Were their ideas better?” Ann asked.
“Definitely not,” I said.  I tried to concentrate on my book.  A squirrel pole looked ideal for my purposes.
“Mom still won’t drink.”
“…but she’s eating,” I said.  I had watched Ann feed her.
“She still hasn’t urinated.  I’m worried. Now she won’t even let me try to give her a sip of water.”
I read for a couple minutes while Ann moved Mary to the couch.
“Nick, can you help me?”
“Yes,” I said.  I got up and went in.  Ann had put Mary flat on the couch face up.  Ann had an eyedropper in her hand.
“I want to get her to drink this,” she said.
“Is it water?”
“Yes.  What do you think it is?” she said with sarcasm.  “She won’t open her mouth.  I want you to get her a cookie.”  We still had a little emergency food hiding including a box of cookies.
“She’ll spit it out,” I said.
“Don’t give it to her, but just pretend to.  When she opens her mouth, I’ll shoot in the water,” she said.  I shrugged and got a cookie.  I brought it back and held it above Mary.  She reached for it.
“Hold her hands down,” Ann said.  With one hand and an elbow, I restrained her.  Ann put the water in her mouth.  Mary coughed.
“Did she cough it all out?” I asked.
“I don’t know.  Do it again.”
I showed Mary the cookie and she opened her mouth.  Ann shot in water.  We tried that several times and each time I thought that all the water came out again.
This was crazy.  However, I couldn’t tell Ann that.  All I could do was help her until she figured it out herself.
“Maybe she’d drink baby formula,” Ann said.  “That is thicker.”
“Can’t you just mix in some cornstarch to thicken water?”
“No.  Eating too much of that will bind up the colon.  She needs baby formula.”
“I don’t know where to get any,” I said.

I took some cooked worms over to the Shoemaker’s house.  I would stay away from Ted.  He wouldn’t eat worms, so he could come up with his own ideas on how to find food.
As I handed out the food, Ted looked at me as if I was evil.  I thought that despite saying they were completely out of food, he must still have something to eat, because the evening meals we had wouldn’t have been enough to sustain him.
“I’m going out,” said Ted.  He got in his truck and left.
I thought of telling Ben about Jason’s church, but I didn’t know how well he could keep a secret.  That was a big one to keep.
“I plan to chop up more wood today,” said Ben.  I nodded.  I arranged for everyone else to help with our normal workday plan.  I went back and got my crew ready.
We came back by lunchtime.  In the afternoon, we could separate roots to make flour like usual.  The days were getting hotter. It was in the 70s by midafternoon.
Ethan came back shortly after lunch.  I assumed he was looking for Frank.
“Dad said you should come over,” he said to me.
“Ben wants to see me?”
“Yes,” he said.  I walked to their house.  Ben and Ted were in the living room.
“Hello,” Ben said.  “Come in.  Ethan must have found you.”
“Yes.”
“Ted was out driving, and he saw that the grocery store in Raleigh had been forced open,” said Ben.  “All our vehicles are about out of gas.  Could you take us in your car?”
“I suppose so,” I said.  I’d damaged my car, and I would have to explain if I took Ann’s.  However, it would be great to have some real food.  “Do you want to go now?”
“Yes.”
I stopped to tell Ann that I was going out with Ben and Ted.  Then we got in my car.  They noticed the damage, but I held back from telling them about Jason.  Ted had secrets too.
Did we really need to do this?  I had a working plan for food.  We could make do without any extra.  However, this would make things easier.
Ann really wanted me to find something her mom could drink.  That was really the ultimate reason that I went ahead with it.
We talked as I drove.  Ted reminded us about all the things he’d found in places other people often overlooked.
“Also, look in ‘staff only’ areas.  During the rush on food, the staff was too busy to put out everything.  There could be crates of food hidden,” he said.
We arrived in my car and I saw that a truck had smashed through the doors to let someone in.  It was still sitting in the hole.
As we got out, Ben and Ted were more anxious to go in than I was.  While standing behind, I noticed that both were armed.
Did they really need me to drive them there?  If Ted had driven by before, why didn’t he just stop then and go in?  I think that they wanted backup.
As we approached the opening in the wall, the smell of rot overpowered me.  I stopped and almost vomited.
On the positive, rot meant that some food had been left.  However, whatever had been fresh would be inedible.
As we walked in, light from the windows illuminated the front of the store.  Ted turned on his flashlight, but I’d forgotten mine.
“We should walk around once just to see what is here first, and then we can pick the best of it,” Ted said.  “I want to see the ‘staff only’ area first.”
There were other people here.  I saw flashlights waving at the back.
“Mitchell,” I heard someone yell.  Then there were running footsteps.
Ted cursed.  I was uneasy, and I stopped for a moment.
Suddenly, a group of five or six men came from the shadows.  I froze.
“Who are you?” a man yelled.
“Ben, Ted, and Nick,” said Ben.
“Where are you from?”  I could see that the other men were all armed and they had their guns out.
“This is the grocery store we use,” said Ben.  He sounded calm.  He was good at being polite.  “We have a house in Circle Park.”
“Oh, but this is Raleigh,” said a man.  “This food is for us.”  Ted couldn’t hold back.
“This isn’t your food.  You are stealing it,” Ted said.
“Are you here to arrest us or to steal some too?”
“We would just like a share,” said Ben.
“You can’t stop us,” said Ted angrily.  The others looked like they were not going to put up with it.
“We can walk away,” I said.  “We don’t need this.”
“How are you going to get past us?” asked the man.
“With this,” Ted said, pulling out his pistol.
Ben cursed.  He drew his own gun quickly.
Suddenly, people were shooting at each other.  I dropped behind a rack.
After a few shots, Ted jumped behind it too.
Where was Ben?  I dared not look.
“There is no way out of this,” I said to Ted.  He didn’t reply, but only hid.
“Okay,” I yelled.  I yelled it again until they stopped shooting.  “We will leave.”
“Get out.”
“Just back away to give us room,” I yelled.
“Alright.”
After a few seconds, I looked over the rack.  Ben was lying on the floor.  The men were walking away.  One was staggering.  After all the gunshots, it was clear that no one had had much target practice.
I went to Ben.  He was alive and clutching his gut.  Blood came between his fingers.  He was in pain.
“Ted, we need to get Ben to a hospital,” I said.  “Help.”
Ted got up.  Together we each put one of Ben’s arms over our shoulder.  If we held him that way, he could walk a little.
We dragged him to my car and put him in the backseat.  Ted climbed in and put a cloth over his gut.  As I was checking on them, I noticed the men had wounded Ted in the arm too, but it wasn’t bleeding much.
I started the car, put it in gear and then floored it out of the parking lot.  The last few days, I’d at least slow down at stop signs and intersections.  However, now I assumed I was the only person on the road.
Was there any hope in going to the hospital?  Could it still be open?  It was Ben’s only chance.
“I’m sorry,” Ted kept repeating to Ben.  Ben tried to talk.
“I think I should have prayed more,” he said.
“You’ll be fine,” I said.
“…then I wouldn’t have been punished,” Ben said.
“I tried praying last night,” I said.  “It didn’t work.”
“Nick, take care of my family,” Ben said.
“I will,” said Ted.  Did he think Ben was talking to him?
“Promise,” said Ben.
“I promise,” I said.
I made the last turn coming into view of the hospital.  There were few cars in the parking lot.  It could mean people were still there.
I raced up to the emergency entrance.  Then I stopped and jumped out.
I expected the lights to be on because they should have generators, but there were no lights.  I ran up to the doors.  They didn’t open.  I’d been here before with family members.  There should be people at a desk inside.  I cupped my hands to shield my eyes from the Sun’s reflection, and I looked in.  No one was in there.
I knocked on the door.  I waited a few seconds and paced.  The ambulance door was right next to this.  I thought I should try that.  I went and repeated knocking. Nothing.
Then I went back to the car.  It didn’t matter because Ben was silent.  He was gone.
“They’re closed,” I said.  I wanted Ted to tell me if he thought Ben was dead, but Ted was silent.
I opened the back door and looked at the blood everywhere.  Ben wasn’t moving.  I put my finger to his neck to check for a pulse.  My heart was beating so much that I felt my own pulse in my finger.  I didn’t feel anything from him.  It didn’t matter because he didn’t even make it to the hospital alive.  Even if they were here, he wouldn’t have survived, and there was nothing anybody could have done to save him.
“I guess we need to go home,” I said.
“We can’t take him home,” Ted said.
“What?”
“We have to make up a story. Say that he took off.”
“You want to tell a story that he hitchhiked south?  That is crazy,” I said.
“No.  It is not crazy.”
“We are not doing it.”  I got in the car and started driving.  Ted was still in the back.
“Let me tell them what happened,” Ted said.
“Why?”
“I need to tell it right.”
I pulled up to the Shoemaker home on Cass.  I had blood on my hands, so there was no way to tell it gently.
“I’ll tell,” said Ted.  I got out after him.  He was covered in blood even more than I was.
Betty ran to the door and stood on the porch when she saw us.
“Where’s Ben?”
“Dead,” said Ted.
“What happened?” Betty asked me.  It hadn’t sunk in yet.
“There were some men there,” said Ted.  “They wouldn’t let us have any food.  They shot Ben.”  I nodded when Betty looked at me.
Betty went inside sobbing.  Ted and I went in too.
Ted went to Betty and hugged her, but she resisted.  She saw the blood all over him.  She got a towel for him to use to wipe off.
We stood there for several minutes.  I wanted to see if Betty needed any help.
I’d worked in a cemetery one summer.  All I did was mow lawns, but I’d talked to the others there.  Rigor Mortis sets in within twelve hours of death.  After that, it is impossible to move and handle dead bodies for a few days.  Morticians had refrigeration to prevent it from happening, but we didn’t.  That meant that we’d have to deal with Ben right away.
I hated having to dig a big deep hole.  The last one that I’d dug by hand took two days.
Ben had just chopped a lot of wood.  I could use it to burn him.  Cremation is sanitary, but the problem with that is that you’d need a lot of wood and you’d have leftover bones unless you had a scorching hot fire.  Seeing bones would just make everyone feel worse.  No, I had to bury him.
Burial was normally done four feet deep, but that was only because you needed the coffin below the frost line, so it didn’t heave.  Really, people only needed to be buried eighteen inches down so animals wouldn’t dig him up.
“Shall I bury Ben?” I asked Betty.  She was in shock now and didn’t answer.  Where were her kids?  She and Ted would have to tell them.
I needed my shovel, so I drove to my house and got it.  I didn’t look in the house windows because I didn’t want to know if Ann was watching.  There was no way I could avoid telling them.
Where was I going to bury him?  If I ever did have to dig a well, I didn’t want the dead body nearby.  I drove the car to the end of the block.  I found a spot in the grass and started digging.
Ben was about my size.  I marked my own body dimension on the ground.  I wasn’t going to make a rectangular hole, but one just big enough.
After a while, I had the sod and topsoil removed into a pile.  That was less than a foot deep.  It was going to get harder now to go through the clay.
Before I went deeper, I pulled out Ben’s body and put it next to the hole to double check the size.  He was a couple inches shorter, so I adjusted my aim for a smaller hole.
When it was deep enough, I rolled his body in.  I turned him so he fit right.
It struck me again what I was doing. I cursed as I started filling in the dirt.
I felt bad.  Last night Jason had burned alive, and now I was burying another of my friends.
My friends were gone.  Everyone from our church and work were probably gone too.  I’d spent so much time developing friendships with them and mentoring many of them.  All that time was wasted.  The whole of our society had been destroyed.
I didn’t think that the old world was ever coming back.  It was dead.  Things were so bad that even if we ever saw people move back to town, life would never be the same.  The shock to the planet and our economy is so severe that I was sure I’d never see another working lightbulb again in my whole life.
My Master’s degree in electrical engineering was pointless.  It seemed vain to worry about my career now, but that was how I had defined myself.  My essential existence was irrelevant, so it was like the old me was dead too.
My dad was a carpenter and I’d seen him wire homes.  Watching him was how I got excited about my future career.  Even the basic skill of wiring a house was useless now too.
When I got home, I made sure Ethan had gone home.  Ann was very concerned about the blood on my hands, but she said nothing.  I told her and she took it calmly.
“That means that the hospital is not an option for your mom,” I said.  She nodded.  I didn’t know what else I could do for Mary.

* * * *


Chapter 20: Day 17, Tuesday

That had been two horrible days in a row.  It was better to stay in bed.  I still had one friend left, but I hadn’t talked to Mateo in weeks.  It was hard to get up, but eventually, I did.
As with every day, we needed to start getting food.  Since Betty had just lost her husband, I thought about whether she could skip a day to mourn.  Her children would have a good excuse to take the day off too.  That would make it harder on the rest of us.  We couldn’t afford time for grief.
I thought we could make it a day with only what Frank, Ron, and I could harvest.  Yet, that would make me more worn out than usual.  Ted should be the one to help now.  His ideas hadn’t panned out.
I figured it might take some talking to decide if any of them would be coming.  Hence, I left Frank and Ron to relax until the rest of them were ready.
Going out of the door, I noticed flowers next to our driveway.  It was the first that I’d seen this year.
At the Shoemaker house, I knocked.  Nobody came right away, so I looked through the window.  I didn’t see anyone in the living room.  Then when I knocked louder, Betty came and let me in.
“Hello,” I said.  She didn’t make eye contact but stared into space.  Ted came into the room too.
“Hi,” I said, “I want to figure out who can help today.”
“Oh,” said Ted, losing interest in talking.
“I know that this is a rough time for people here, but if we are going to survive, we need to work together,” I said.  Neither Betty nor Ted was listening.
“I shouldn’t have to ask this today, but who can come out to help?” I asked.  Neither of them replied.
“Betty, I don’t know what you are feeling, but could you and your kids try to help soon?” I asked.  She was silent.
“Ted,” I said, “if you are going to hang around the neighborhood longer, I really think you need to help with our main food plan.  I don’t believe that we can find much more of the type of food you have been getting the last couple weeks.”  Ted looked at me angrily for a couple seconds.  I looked away.
“Betty,” he said, “come on.”  He grabbed her arm, and he was pulling her towards the door.  She didn’t resist.
“Wait.  Water,” she said.  She looked back towards their kitchen.
“When you are ready,” I said.  “Join us at the end of Trumbull.”  I let myself out of the front door.
I went back to get Ron and Frank.  When I got home, Ann was standing in the kitchen as if she didn’t know what to do.
“I just kept mom in bed,” she said.  “She has no energy.”  I nodded and patted her shoulder.
Ted and Betty were waiting together at the end of the street.  They hadn’t brought along the kids; however, I was happy to see Ted.  He could do more work than two kids could, and I hoped it could be a sign that he was ready to make a change.
We carried our equipment to the farm and started work.  I told Ted what to do.
Betty was extremely slow.  She paused after each movement as if she had to think about what to do next.  Hopefully, she’d speed up over time.
Ted was making a big show about how it took so much effort to work.  He huffed loudly as he pushed his shovel into the ground.  He was also slow because he had to make sure he got the theatrics of each motion right.  Then he stopped for a drink of water.
“This is horrible work,” Ted said.  “I’m in a drainage ditch, digging mud.  Then this stuff is disgusting, and I won’t eat it anyhow.  It’d be like being a bum and eating trash.  It is so degrading that you should have gotten immigrants to do it.  That’s why we have them.”
“We have to do it this way.  It is all we have for now,” I said.
“If my rifle hadn’t been burned up in my house, I’d be out there on my own in the wild.  I’d be camping and hunting the food that I eat.”  I nodded thinking about how he could help hunt.
“You could hunt squirrel with my BB gun,” I said.
“No, I’d never eat them.  They are rats that live in trees,” he said.  That confused me.  I was sure that I showed him the dead squirrels the first time that I caught them.  What did he think he was eating most days when I gave them meat?  He was either forgetful, stupid, or had a mental block.
It took us the whole morning to get the food that we needed.  I hoped that Betty had the mental ability to cook her portion of the food for her and her kids.  I planned to check on them later to see.

At home, we had lunch.  I checked the thermometer and saw that it was in the 60s.  I started planning what I would do in the afternoon.
Ann went to check on Mary again.  She came back with a hollow face and looked right at me.
“I don’t know if she’s still alive,” she said.  “I can’t see her breathing.”
“Oh,” I said and got up to check.
I followed her back to our bedroom.  Mary was lying flat with the blankets pulled up to her neck.  Burying her deeply under the covers would have made it hard for Ann to have seen Mary breathing.
“I need to pull back the sheets to see,” I said.  If she was dead, she wouldn’t mind being cold.
I watched to see if she breathed, but I didn’t see her chest moving.  It was inevitable that Mary would die because she hadn’t been drinking water.  However, it seemed a little soon.  She’d been in poor health to begin with, so that might have affected how long she could last.
“How do we check?” I asked.  Ann just stared into space.  She reminded me of how Betty was behaving.  If I had two women living in shock now, then that would be bad for us.
I thought I should check the pulse.  I put my finger on her neck and then her wrist.  I didn’t feel her heart beating, but maybe it was just very faint.  I’d heard that you could test whether someone was breathing by holding a mirror to his or her nose.
“Do you have a pocket mirror?” I asked Ann.  She didn’t carry a purse, but maybe she still had one.  She went to her dresser and dug to find one.  Then she gave it to me.
I held it to my own nose and saw that it fogged up.  Then when I held it to Mary, it didn’t fog.  I kept it there a minute.  Nothing.
“Yes, she’s dead,” I said.  Ann just stood there.  I watched her for a couple minutes.
Ron would have to know that his wife was dead.  As usual, I’d have to yell at him, so he’d understand.  That would freak out everyone else in the house.  I could bring him in and show him but then he’d start yelling at me to confirm that she was dead.  That would be just as bad.
I could tell both of my children individually and then tell Ron.  Still, his yelling might upset them.  I thought I should tell him outside.
First, I knocked on Lily’s door.
“Come in,” she said.  She was writing on a notepad.
“I’m sorry to tell you this,” I said.  I paused so she’d be ready.  “Grandma died.”
“Oh,” she said.  She looked back at her notepad.
“We are all sad that she is gone,” I said.  Lily didn’t reply and I stood looking at her for a short time.
“You can go now,” she said.  I closed her door.
I walked into the kitchen.  Frank ate very fast, but he’d learned that if others didn’t finish their food, he might get it.  Ron was eating his last bites slowly.  I would tell Frank right in front of Ron, and his grandfather still probably wouldn’t know what was going on.
“Frank, Grandma…”
“I heard,” he said, interrupting me.  Ron was unaffected, and still chewing.
Then I thought of just writing it down for Ron.  That sometimes worked, and so I wouldn’t have to yell.  I wrote the note and gave it to him.  He looked confused.  I gestured for him to follow me, and I led him to the bedroom.
“Is she sick?” he yelled.  I went and got the note, and he read it again.  If it hadn’t sunk in yet, he’d figure it out when I buried her.
“Ann, should I get to work on the burial and funeral?” I asked.  I knew that I would do it, but I was just seeing how deeply she was in shock.
“Yes,” she said in a normal voice.
I’d already buried Ben at the end of the block.  I could put Mary there too.  However, they owned a cemetery plot that was about eight or ten miles away.  I saw no reason to take her there.  It’d only burn gas, and no one would be there to help.  What would Ann think about where I did it?  I thought she’d object to burying Mary at the cemetery because I’d be breaking their rules about coffins and digging the grave myself.
“I’ll get the shovel out,” I said.  She’d understand that I intended to do it here.
How was I going to get Mary’s body to the end of the block?  Ben had died in the car, so it was easy to drop him where I needed him.  For Mary, if used the car, I’d have to get her body into it.  Getting her through the house would be the biggest problem.
I didn’t want to ask Ann for help because it would be too weird for her handling her mother that way.  I regularly exercised, but I could not lift an adult person, especially if they were limp and not cooperating.  I could just drag her.  Would anyone think it was disrespectful?  Putting her on a shower curtain might give me something else to grab onto instead of just her heels.  Alternatively, I could pull our wagon through our house, but then half her body would hang over.  I got the shower curtain off the tub.
“Anyone that doesn’t want to see and smell a dead body should find a place to hide,” I said.  Ann took Ron and Frank downstairs.  Lily stayed in her room.  Ron and Ann had already seen Mary, but my encouragement to move worked.
I put the shower curtain on the floor next to the bed.  Then I rolled Mary onto it.  It would be easier to take her headfirst out the doors, but she was pointing the wrong way.  I pulled on the bottom of the curtain to get her legs to start to turn away from the door.  I had to lean as I pulled to get her to move.  Then I pulled Mary out of the bedroom.  Eventually, I got her out of the house through the front door.
Next, I brought my car up the driveway.  It was now more of a hearse.  The backseat was already bloodstained from its last occupant.
I tried to get Mary up into the backseat.  I had to lift an uncooperative weight.  I could lift her but just for a couple seconds.  I reconsidered the wagon and shower curtain for the next step.  If I dragged her to the end of the block, the shower curtain would rip on the pavement.
No, I should use the car.  I could sit Mary’s body up, get in the backseat, and then pull her arms.  To get leverage, I’d need to push with my legs.  I imagined her coming into the car on top of me.  I wanted to avoid that if possible.
What I really needed was a ramp to pull Mary up and into the car.  I had only one large piece of plywood.  It was too wide to sit on the edge of the car seat.  I could cut it down, but then I’d be sawing on it for an hour.  In its place, I had several boards.  If I wanted to, I could take the time to nail them together into a solid ramp, but I decided to try it with them sitting loosely beside each other.  I went in the garage and got an armful of them, and then I lined them up from the ground to the bottom of the rear car seat.
I got in the backseat of the car.  As I pulled the shower curtain up the ramp, Mary’s body started to roll off.  I had to hold her by the wrists.  Also, I wadded up the end of the shower curtain and pulled that too.
Finally, she was mostly in the car.  I had to adjust her legs to get the car door closed.  Then I drove to the end of the block.   Getting her out was easier.
I found a spot near Ben to bury her and started digging just as I had dug his grave the day before.  After I started, I thought of another way to pull Mary.  I should have tried tying a rope around her.
The worms were more active today in the topsoil.  As I dug, they slithered more quickly into their holes.  They were faster now than when it was colder.  I considered whether I should collect the worms, but then I thought people would be disgusted if I told them I got them from a grave.  Yet, it wasn’t a grave until Mary was in the hole.  I wasn’t that desperate for food yet.
Since there hadn’t been a funeral for Ben yet, I figured we should have a joint one.
After I’d buried Mary, I made two small crosses and put them in the ground.  It seemed awfully quick to be giving a funeral for Mary.  She had died only two hours ago.
If we had a funeral, what would we do?  I thought I would have to lead the whole thing.
I went back home.  I sat and looked at my Bible.  Reading some verses was the easy thing to do.  It didn’t have to be a long reflective sermon.  I found some relevant verses.
“Ann, should we have the funeral today?” I asked.  She shrugged.
“Okay,” I said.  “I’ll go see if Betty Shoemaker wants to come for Ben’s funeral too.”  I walked to her house.
I also wanted to make sure that Betty was processing the food we’d collected.  Ted let me in.  Betty was in the kitchen when I arrived, so that was good.
“Betty,” I said, “Ann’s mom passed away today.  Are you ready for Ben’s funeral?  We could have them together.”  Betty nodded.  “Okay, come by our house when you are ready.”  I left.
At home, I told Ann and the family that we were having a funeral in a little while.  If they needed to prepare, they should do it now.
“Do I have to come?” Frank asked.
“Do I?” asked Lily.
“Yes,” I said.
What else would I need?  I looked at the flowers blooming.  It’d be tasteful if the spouses had some to put on the graves.  I got some shears and cut a handful.
Ted, Betty, and her children came down the street a few minutes later.  I wasn’t surprised to see Ted coming, but resentful.  I still blamed him for Ben’s death.  It was his crazy idea and the poor way that he had handled it that had killed Ben.  He also carried some of the blame for Mary’s death.  I’d been distracted by the promise of Ted’s schemes that I didn’t come up with a realistic solution for Mary.  With that time and energy back, I might have been able to come up with something better.
I opened the front door and told the people inside that it was time.  I picked up my Bible and walked to the gravesite.
I announced to the humble gathering which grave belonged to which family member.  I gave the flowers to Ron and Betty, and then I read several verses.  I spoke about how Mary had been close to her daughter, and I said how Ben had been a loving and faithful husband.  Finally, I told them they could put the flowers on the graves.
I didn’t know if Ron understood anything that I was saying, but when I waved for him to drop his flower on the grave, he did so.  At least I was certain that the purpose of the event was not lost on him.

It was mid-afternoon.  I hadn’t given Betty a vacation after her husband had died but had made her work.  I might be the only person who could work now.  However, I had worn myself out.
Hunting wasn’t challenging.  I’d seen a squirrel or two around our house.  First, I’d just sit in a lawn chair and watch.
The squirrels weren’t active at all.  Did they come out more in the mornings and evenings?  I thought of reading while I waited.  Instead, I stewed over my thoughts on Ted’s lack of help.
Eventually, a squirrel came down the front tree.  I cocked the gun and got it with the first shot.  It lay still on the ground.
It’d be pressing my luck to wait here for any more squirrels, so I bicycled to the park.  A few squirrels were out.  I walked right up to the area where one was digging.  It went up the tree right away.  However, I sat quietly, and it came back down.  When it started digging again, I shot it.
Another squirrel was on a branch of a smaller tree.  I got close and shot.  I thought I missed so I immediately cocked the gun and prepared to aim again.  However, I didn’t see the squirrel.  Had I gotten it?  Did it fall?  I walked around the tree and didn’t see it, so I carefully looked at every branch.  It wasn’t anywhere.  Maybe I’d hit it and it hid in the crook of a branch to die.
As I waited for another one, I thought about hunting.  I had a lot of BBs left.  They came in packages of 1,000 and I had most of a package remaining.  Still, eventually it would run out.  By then I hoped that I would have other ways of getting food, but this seemed like a good strategy now.  It’d be hard to just let it go in a year.
I was a little more cautious after that thought.  I didn’t want to shoot at a squirrel that was a little farther away because it might bounce off and waste the BB.  I got only one more prize before I had to go home to cook.
I assumed that Betty had done her own phrag preparations.  I took half of the cooked meat to them.
During supper at my house, I decided to talk about how the new world would be different from the old one.  I couldn’t hide it anymore because they could see it.  I had to deal with the consequences of how it would affect everyone.
“I think we need to accept that at best, it will be years before things return to normal,” I said.  “We may have to live like this forever.”
“I’m tired of eating the sprouts,” Frank said, “and there is never enough food.”
“Over time, we can figure out more things to eat,” I said.
Ann was silent.  She heard what I was saying but was still thinking of her mom.
“What about college? Is it irrelevant now?” asked Lily.
“It is not irrelevant,” I said.  “I have already asked for your help dealing with several problems that I am trying to figure out.  I gave you some reading to do.  You can be very helpful to me.  Just because college isn’t available doesn’t mean that you can’t read and learn.  That is how I learned about medicine and psychology.”  Eventually, we’d run out of books to read.  I wondered if we could get into the Circle Park Library.  It was very small and had mostly outdated books, but still, that could be useful.
“Also, a bonus is that you will never have to learn how to drive,” I said.  I smiled to show I was joking.  We’d been delaying teaching her to drive because she was very stressed over it.  She rolled her eyes.
In the evening, I didn’t have the physical or mental energy to do anything.  Instead, I read a fiction book and that managed to keep me awake until it started to get dark.

* * * *


Chapter 21: Days 18 and 19

It was cloudy and cool in the morning.  Most mornings now, I would get up early and check to see if it was damp.  If the birds were singing, they were happy that their bellies were full of worms.  The wetter the grass in the morning, the more likely that I’d find worms.  The worms were more likely to be on the grass than on the pavement unless it had rained significantly.  With a flashlight, I would slowly go over the grass.  They were sensitive to light, so as soon as they saw me, they’d try to escape.
I thought that over these three weeks, the sun had been coming up noticeably sooner.  Once it was light, I made sure that everyone was awake so we could start our chores.
Breakfast was a little light.  Ann hadn’t made bread the previous day for this morning.  When she finished eating, I encouraged her to start making some.  She nodded.  Without the distraction of caring for her mother, eventually she would be able to contribute more time to useful tasks.
Next, I went over to check on the Shoemakers.  I knocked on the door and Ted came from the bedrooms to let me in.
“Hello,” I said.  He nodded.
“It is time for work again,” I said.
“I can’t go,” he said.  “I’m not feeling well.”  He looked fine to me.
“What’s wrong?”
“Oh, my arm is sore.”  He pointed to his bullet wound.  It was barely a graze.  Sure, it could hurt, but compared to dying of hunger, I think I’d be able to put up with a sore arm.
“Can you dig with your other arm?” I asked.
“No, I can’t handle that work.  But we need to have more meat.  You didn’t give us enough yesterday.”  I shrugged.
“That is all we had,” I said.  It sounded like he was changing the subject and making excuses.  I couldn’t be a slave to his whims.  “Without help this morning, I may not have time to hunt today.  I need to consider what food everyone needs.”
“Betty can help,” he said.  “Lover girl,” he called toward the bedroom.  After a few seconds, Betty came out wearing nightclothes.  She didn’t make eye contact.
I was so shocked that I didn’t know what to do or think.  It wasn’t only the shock of seeing her, but all the death had thrown me off.
“How long until everyone is ready?” I asked.  Betty shrugged.
“I’ll get Frank and Ron to the corner in thirty minutes,” I said, thinking she might have morning chores to do before she could start working with us.  I went back to my house.
Did Betty agree to sleep with him?  She couldn’t have.  Her husband’s body still warm in the grave.  There is no way that she would seek out Ted so early unless Ben had abused her, and she had been trying to get away.  I didn’t think that was true.  I couldn’t judge Betty because Ted must have started controlling her.
Thirty minutes later, Betty came to the corner with Ethan.  The five of us worked the morning on digging.

At lunch, I noticed that Ann hadn’t started making bread.  That was okay because the Sun had never come out, and the temperature was in the 40s.
“Ann, how about we make soda bread instead today?  It isn’t sunny,” I said.  She nodded.  I thought she’d continue to sit in shock and not do that either.  I got her up and started on processing flour from roots.  She might take a long time, but I think that after periodic pauses, she’d again see that she needed to work on it.
Out of the front window, I saw a dove gathering grass for a nest.  It flew up to put the strands in the roof gutter.  Another bird joined it.
If I watched the nest, I could steal eggs every day, but they’d be small.  In the meanwhile, they would pollute the water I was collecting from the downspout.  Instead, it was better to hunt the birds now.  I was sure that the BBs were powerful enough to take down doves.  They were larger than other birds so they would have more meat and they’d be worth hunting more than a robin.  In addition, birds had good fats compared to game meat, which was almost fat free.
After I shot the first one, the second one sat on a branch watching.  I felt sorry for it, and then put it out of its misery.  I left them out as I thought about what to do next.  Since I’d shot birds when I was younger, I wondered if Frank would be able to do it.
I thought about other ways to hunt.  I decided to make a squirrel pole for trapping squirrels.  It was made by tilting a large fallen branch against a tree that squirrels use and then putting nooses on it that they would try to run through.
There would be many large branches still at the park from the dead trees.  I would just need to take supplies to make the nooses.  I wanted a wire that would stay upright by itself.  I had some thin wires I used to use for projects.  In addition, I got a construction stapler to connect them to the branch.  I made sure it had staples still in it.  It wasn’t much to carry.  At the park, I found three suitable branches and put several wires on the top of each.
I noticed a couple of mallards in the park where the water had pooled again.  There was no way that my BB gun was going to harm them.  If I shot one, it would squawk and fly away.
The trap was very easy and didn’t take very much time.  I’d come back later and check it.
I noticed a middle-aged woman coming toward me.  She was still in the distance, but I didn’t recognize her.  She wasn’t armed that I could tell.  I thought again about how I used to carry a shovel or BB gun with me, but I hadn’t seen dogs recently, so I’d been lax.  I should be more careful because I occasionally heard gunshots.  It wasn’t safe to be out unprotected.
“Hello, sir,” she said.  “Do you have any food?”  I was tired of working hard to feed Ted.  I didn’t need anyone else to feed.  It was best to be honest.
“Would you eat worms?” I asked.
“You mean real squirming worms?” she asked. She looked tired and hungry.  I wondered if she’d be desperate enough to eat them, but I didn’t think that she’d be able to work to earn them.
“Yes,” I said.  They’d be dead and cooked, but it was about the same thing.
“No, I can’t,” she said.
“Then you better keep moving along,” I said.  She started walking.
I thought of how we all have the power to make changes when we need, but many people just don’t want to.  An example of that was my experience with the celery diet.
Since high school, I had very slowly gained weight.  I started very thin.  By a few years ago, I had become slightly overweight.
I knew how being overweight was hazardous to health and I’d tried to lose weight by eating healthy foods and exercising daily.  I only had desserts on special occasions, but I still gained weight.
To control stomach acid, one thing I commonly did was snack on nuts.  Those calories added up and caused me to put on weight.
Then I came upon the idea of eating celery for snacks.  It was also promised to help with some of my other unresolved health issues like anemia.  I replaced all my snacks with celery and over a few months, my weight came down to a normal BMI.
Then one of my co-workers commented that I had lost weight.  She was obese.  I told her about my weird diet.  Her first comment was, “What do you put on the celery?”  I could see then that she was not desperate enough to make the changes she needed to make to lose the weight.  It was her choice, and I gave her all the options so she could do whatever she wanted.  She died a year ago from heart failure despite only being in her 60’s.
I looked to see how far the beggar had gone.  She was out of sight.
The old world was over.  We used to be able to make bad decisions and survive.  The consequences would eventually catch up to some, but most people could live a decade eating junk food without too much worry.  Now in the new world we had to deal with truth.
I could catch up to the beggar if I wanted to.  But I let her go away to her death.
I started blaming Ted again.  If he wasn’t so worthless and demanding, I might have been able to give this woman a chance.
I felt like I had killed her.  I wondered if after giving her some normal food, she’d be able to work, and she’d have time to consider whether eating worms was worth survival.
I got furious at Ted.  As I thought about him, my headache returned.  I went home to take ibuprofen.

When I got back, Ann had made the flour, but hadn’t started the bread.  She was sitting on the couch staring into space.  I got out the recipe for the bread.
“Ann, can you help me with this?” I said.  She got up and looked at the book.  After she got started, I watched, but started thinking of what else I should be doing.
I’d focused on three main things: food, water, and shelter.  With the general warming trend, I was not as concerned about shelter and keeping warm.  Food was an ongoing challenge, but was it keeping me distracted from working on water?
I had several rain barrels, but today’s precipitation before morning hadn’t raised the levels in my collectors.  If that was the new normal, then I would never get enough water.  I wondered if I’d just been lucky with one or two rain showers.  The cold had returned, so would the dryness come back too?
My neighbors were all gone forever.  The only ones still around were Mateo, Jennifer, and their kids.
I resolved to devote all the free time that I had to making additional rain barrels for all the houses on the block.  In the time I had left this afternoon, I could make a couple.  I’d work first in the opposite direction from Mateo in case we got into an argument about turf.  I found the tools that I used to set them up and got started.
I hoped that before long, it would warm up.  One effect would be that bugs like mosquitoes would come out.  They loved standing water and I was making a lot of it in the barrels.  I could be setting up the whole neighborhood for a total infestation.
The trick was to keep the mosquitoes out of the water.  There were gaps where the water came into the rain barrel.  I tried to fit the lids so that they had a small hole that the mosquitoes couldn’t go through.  Yet, with the tools I had, there was no way to make them fit perfectly.  I decided that when mosquitoes started to become a problem, I’d come back and find a way to fill the holes.  Window screen would work.
It was time to cook supper, but first, I wanted to see what I had to cook.  I bicycled to the park to check the traps.  From a distance, I could see a grey-brown ball of fluff hanging below one of the branches.  I made sure that it was dead, and then I loosened the noose from around its neck.  I bent the wire so it stood up again.  Then checking the other traps, I found one more squirrel.
After cooking the meal, I took half of the meat to the Shoemakers.  Betty had made her own side dish from what we’d harvested earlier.
At supper, Lily talked to Frank about video games.  They hadn’t played any for weeks, but it was still on their minds.  In the old world, the games served as an escape fantasy.  Now that we were in a new world, there was a whole new level of imagination required because they also had to fantasize that they were still in a time where the games existed.
When my children stopped talking, I told Frank about how I’d hunted birds for my grandpa when I was his age.  Hunting wouldn’t be hard work for him, but he still wasn’t interested.
“Hunting a bird isn’t the same as going after a mammal,” I said.  He didn’t reply.
“Would you like to practice the BB gun on a target?” I asked him.
“No.”
“It also might make you feel safer if you carried a BB gun when you and Ethan went out to play.  People and animals are more likely to leave you alone if you have it.”
“We don’t go out much anymore except to his backyard.”
In the evening, I sat next to Ann.  With her mother gone, Ann wasn’t always occupied watching her.  We didn’t talk much because in some ways life was simpler.  We’d spent much of our day around each other and our kids, so we didn’t need to hear details about our careers or kids’ classes.  I sort of wanted to talk about the woman at the park, but I’d just stress Ann if I told her what had happened.
I read about food from pine trees.  We had two pine trees in our backyard.  Pine nuts came from the cones in summer.  Pine pollen anthers could be harvested in spring.  Also, pine shoots in spring could be eaten as greens.  Older needles could be brewed for tea.
There was a note to be careful not to eat yew tree shoots.  Yew trees and bushes were evergreen like pine trees, but the whole plant was highly poisonous.  There were lots of them around the neighborhood.  The closest ones were right over the fence in my neighbor’s backyard.  It was easy for me to tell them apart from pine trees because the needles came off the branch more horizontally.  The pink berries were edible from the yew, but you had to be vigilant not to eat the seed that was really a tiny poisonous pinecone.
Normally at bedtime, I fell asleep right away, but tonight, I was feeling troubled by the woman I had encountered at the park.  I got up and paced around the basement.  Eventually, I wanted a drink of water, so I came up to the kitchen.  As I drank my water and looked out the kitchen window, I thought I saw a short flash of light.  But from the back window, I couldn’t see anything.  I quietly tiptoed to the front window where Ann was nearby snoring on the couch.
I kept looking around outside.  Eventually, I saw a man cross the street.  It looked like Mateo’s muscular shape.  He crossed from his house to the Allen’s house.  He didn’t have his flashlight on at that time, but after I watched for a few minutes, I saw a brief light inside the Allen’s house.
I was happy that I’d finally seen him.  After not seeing him for a long time, I was wondering if I’d made up that his car had been missing for a week before it came back.  I went downstairs and fell asleep.

* * * *

In the morning, I prepared the shovels and water bottles for our normal day.  Frank came out of his room to eat.  In the early morning, he sometimes wore his glasses before he’d put his contacts in.
“I am out of disposable contacts,” he said.
“We had an appointment two weeks ago for new ones,” Ann said.
“You mean you missed an appointment?” I said, feigning shock.  “Did you call to cancel it?”
“No.  There were no phones,” she said.
“You could have told me.  I could have sent up smoke signals,” I said.  Ann smiled.
“What is he going to do to see?” asked Ann.
“He can just wear his glasses all day,” I said, feeling like I was stating the obvious.
“I don’t want to,” he said.  I remembered that when he’d started wearing contacts last year, it was primarily because of peer pressure.  None of his friends wore glasses.  Fortunately, there weren’t many friends around now to harass him about it.
“The glasses are two years old,” Ann said.  “We only got contacts last year.”
“It is better than nothing,” I said.  “It won’t harm his eyes to wear old prescriptions.”  Frank wasn’t encouraged by this thought.
“Okay,” I said, “wear them when you want, but I want you to wear them when we are outside so you can see if dogs are coming.”  He usually did what I told him to do.  Looking irritated, he got up and went to his room.
I suddenly realized that Ann was more talkative today.  Another day had passed since her mother had died. Clearly, the loss was getting a little easier for her to bear.  It hadn’t been unexpected, but it had caused a lot of stress on Ann.
“Are you going to make bread today?” I asked, noticing the sunny skies.
“Yes,” she said.

I went to the Shoemaker house to make sure they were ready.  Ted let me in.  He was already dressed and had his gun holstered as usual.
“Are we set again for today?” I asked.
“Betty, honey?”  He called for her towards the bedroom.
“Yes,” she said as she came out.
“Say, ‘Yes, honey,’ and smile,” he said.
“Yes, honey,” she said.  She tried to smile.
“Nick is here for you to go out.  Please get ready, honey,” he said.
“Yes, honey.”  She went to prepare.
“Nick,” said Ted, “That little bit of meat last night wasn’t enough for me, let alone the whole family.”
“You are supposed to stretch it out.  A person really doesn’t need much meat to survive.”
“I’m still hungry and I get angrier when I’m hungry.”
“I still have a big supply of worms.  If you are that hungry, you could try them,” I said.  His face turned red.
“That’s just like you,” he said angrily.  “I told you that I’m not going to do that.”  He put his hand on his gun.  “When are you going to realize who is in-charge here?”  It frightened me to think about whether he was serious about using his weapon.
“Okay, whatever you want,” I said.  I backed away and went home.  It was better to put up with Ted’s griping than to confront him.  Betty would find us when she was ready.
Patty came along to help too.  She didn’t dig but rubbed the dirt off the plants we’d dug up.
At lunch, I saw that Ann had made progress making the bread.  It was cool today, but better than the day before.
In the afternoon, I made more rain barrels and checked traps at the park.  I’d been using my battery-powered drill.  I wondered how much longer the charge would last.  I could do some tasks easily by hand such as removing screws from downspouts.  However, the drill was helpful at drilling out rivets.   If I had to, I could use a hacksaw on the rivets to remove them.
I got three squirrels from my traps that day. I figured each squirrel had its own territory, so I moved the poles to other trees.
After supper, Betty came and stood at our front door.  She didn’t knock but just stood there.  I went and opened the door.
“Hello.  Do you want to come in?” I asked.  She shook her head.
“Ted is always bothering me about getting more food,” she said.  “I don’t know what to do to get any more.  At supper, he ate all the meat that you brought.  He will yell less if he could have a little more.”
I thought about how I’d fed Ethan alone for several days before I ended up feeding the whole family.  I had plenty of worms that Betty, Patty, and Ethan could eat.  That would provide them with the protein they needed but wouldn’t get Ted off their backs.
“I’ll try,” I said.  Betty nodded and left.

* * * *


Chapter 22: Days 20 to 22

In the morning, I walked past Mateo’s house on the way to Linwood.  I was glad that Mateo was keeping to himself.  I was already feeding too many people.  I’d be afraid of what I’d have to say to him if he came to me for help.
When I got to the Shoemaker house, Betty answered the door with a smile on her face.  She called to Ted in a pleasant tone.
“It is Nick.  I’m ready to go honey,” she said.  Ted came out and gave her a hug.
“Goodbye, honey,” he said.
I was shocked.  Ted’s recklessness had just killed her husband, and she was now his lover.  I guessed that she hadn’t known that it was Ted’s fault.  In addition, with the world the way it was now, I couldn’t judge anyone for decisions they made to survive.  I knew that she was just trying to survive, but it felt more to me as if she’d been brainwashed.
Walking to the farm, we stopped for a moment for Ron to adjust his belt so his pants didn’t fall down.  Even after that, he needed to pull them up occasionally.  To me, he looked less overweight. During lunch back at home, I talked to Ann about it.
“Does he need a better belt?” I asked.
“His clothes don’t fit anymore,” she said.  “He’s lost a lot of weight.”
“That’s good,” I said.  “He was very overweight before.  It is healthier for him to work rather than sit the whole time.  Also, he’s eating healthier food.”
“Mom lost weight before she died,” Ann said, looking concerned.
“It is okay.  He is eating.  He’s leading a healthy life.  His weight will plateau eventually.”
“…but how do we keep his clothes from falling off?”
“Would he fit in mine?” I asked.
“No.  He’s shorter and not that thin.”
“Does he still have suspenders?”
“No.  I got rid of those when we moved from the condominium to the assisted living center.  He never used them,” she said.
“I still have a pair.  He can borrow those.”  Ann nodded.
Occasionally, I had gone out and dug up dandelion roots in the park.  The last time, I looked at the leaves a little more.  They were green with a tinge of black along the edges.  I usually brought the whole plant home to process it.
At lunch I was getting the feeling for the hundredth time that people were tired of eating the same things repeatedly.  One thing that I’d started missing was vegetables and greens.  We’d had nothing green since the canned food ran out.
I’d read that you could eat grass, but the lawn was still ugly.  Dandelion greens were edible, but they hadn’t greened up much this season.
“Shall we have dandelion green salad?” I asked.
“It will be bitter,” Ann said.  Still, a bitter salad was better than not having one.  I stopped eating to check my reference book.  It said the taste shouldn’t be too strong tasting until summer.
I went back out to where I’d worked on the roots.  I trimmed off the black edges of one leaf, and then I put it in my mouth and chewed it.  It tasted fine, so I tore off all the other leaves and brought them in for anyone still at lunch that wanted a salad.

Ann looked like she didn’t know what to do next.  Sometimes when she worried, she’d distract herself with a video game.  Since that wasn’t available, it was nerve wracking for me to watch her.  She stood wringing her hands.
“Can you do some laundry?” I asked.  “You could pin up some clothes on the line to air out.”  She nodded.
As I went about my activities that afternoon, I took off my jacket as I worked.  The temperature was in the 60s.
I installed more rain barrels down the block.  I wondered if I should be making more squirrel poles.  We had enough food, but it’d make Ted happier if he had more meat.  Yet, I was more worried about having water.  None of my new barrels had any water in them yet because it hadn’t rained.  There was a tradeoff of choosing to make Ted happy or ensure the survival of the rest of us.  There was really no choice.
In the afternoon, I checked the traps and found only three squirrels again.  I moved the poles to new trees in case I’d caught all the ones who lived there.  After cooking supper, I took the meat over to the Shoemakers.
“That’s all?” Ted asked.  He was upset.
“Yes,” I said.
“Did you save some for yourself?” he asked.
“Not much,” I said.  “We need to keep up our strength too.”  He leered at me.
Then Ted pulled out his pistol.  First, he held it in his hand.
“It sounds like we have too many mouths to feed,” he said.  “I could thin out the herd a little bit.”  He pointed the pistol at Betty.
“I’ll find more.  Don’t do it,” I said in a panic.  It wasn’t worth fighting him over it.

At supper, I didn’t talk much.  After we ate, I saw Betty getting some water from the filter system that I’d made.  I went outside to talk to her.
“What should we do about Ted?” I asked.  As I said it, killing him came to mind.  No, I wouldn’t do that.  Betty looked around to see if anyone was listening.  We were alone.
“Do you think he is serious about being violent?” I asked.  She looked at her arm for a second.
“I don’t know,” she said.
“I meant whether he’d use his gun.”  She looked away for a minute.  “Could you get the bullets out of his gun?  I’d feel much safer then.”
“If he found out, I’d be in trouble.”
“Oh,” I said.
“Also, he might have more hidden.”  I nodded.  She left for home.

* * * *

At breakfast the next day, Ann was up the same time as me and she was in a good mood.
“How are you?” I asked.
“Good,” she said.  Yet, after I asked it, I was on alert for her to start becoming more on-edge.  Her mother had been a big part of her life for her whole life.  I thought Mary was dominating, but Ann would disagree.  Either way, with her mom gone, that left a big gaping hole in Ann’s life.  I thought she was unsure of what to do with all her newfound freedom.
I decided to start giving her a list of things to do.  She already made bread daily, but she could also get back to doing laundry.  In addition, I thought that she could take over collecting dandelion roots and greens.
“Ted is really the king at the Shoemaker house now,” I said.  “I was thinking how nice it would be for me to be king here,” I said, joking.
“You already act like it.” I realized that telling that joke right after giving her a list of things to do was poor timing on my part.
“No.  I try to tell you what to do, but you never listen to me.”
“I listen,” she said, leaving out that she usually did the opposite of what I said.

Most of the new phrags were six inches tall coming out of the ground.  The color of the sprout changed from red to green, and the inside also had as much of the white juice that we’d been eating, but a little green.  As long as Ann followed through with collecting dandelion roots, we’d have enough of a variety of starch to eat.  In addition, we still had the roots that we could dig and make into flour.
It was starting to warm up earlier in the day.  I took off my jacket in the morning as I was working and drank more water.
In the afternoon, I made several more squirrel poles at the park.  I had lots of wire, but soon, I’d have a conflict between needing deadwood for fires versus for traps.  There must be deadwood around elsewhere.  There were undeveloped areas south of here that still had forests.  However, it’d be a long way to drag the wood.  Alternatively, I could chop down one of the dead trees, but that would also be a lot of work.  If I cut a green tree, it’d take a year for the wood to dry out.
I noticed that the plantains were starting to add new leaves.  Even though Ann was working on dandelion greens, with more plants greening up we had a chance at getting foods that were more diverse.  if we started eating them every day, it wouldn’t be long until we’d be sick of dandelions.
I had seen plantains in the park for years, so I was certain that I knew how to recognize them.  The new leaves were supposed to be tender, so I picked some and ate them to try them.  They were very bland.  That was good because much of what I’d found had strong flavor.  Then I started walking back.
When I saw a pigeon in the parking lot near the ball field, I thought of shooting it.  I walked close to it.  If I got within five feet, it’d move away.  From that range, if I aimed for its head, I had a good chance of hitting it.  The shot should be fatal.
I raised my gun and shot it.  It fell over and flapped its wings upside down.  I hit it again to put it out of its misery.
I was sure that I had eaten plantains, and I knew they were safe, but still, I was always cautious.  The proper way to do it was with the poison test, which tested a food in several steps before putting it in your mouth.  For example, one test was to put some on your skin to see if you got a rash.  However, I’d already eaten some of it and I didn’t get a rash.  I told myself that it was okay to jump ahead a few steps and just try eating some if I was sure of what I was sampling.  However, I was a worrier.
One of the symptoms of eating a poison was itchiness.  As I thought about it, I found that I was a little itchy.  That made me worry more.  Had I poisoned myself?
If I had a reaction, I knew that I should try to vomit.  Should I go ahead and do that, or was I worrying too much?  If I made myself vomit now, I’d never have the confidence to try plantains again.  That would mean that the weed which was everywhere in the park would be thrown out of our survival food plan because I couldn’t tough it out.
I knew that itchiness was highly suggestable. Could that be all that was happening?  I considered that I wasn’t the best person to try out new foods because I didn’t handle it well.  In addition, I took vitamin B which included a mega dose of niacin which made me flush and could also increase itchiness.  However, I didn’t want anyone else to do test foods.
I told myself not to think about it.  If I became ill, I would know it when it happened.  I walked quickly as if the effort to do that would relieve my anxieties.

The temperature had climbed into the 70s.  I worked on various things through the rest of the afternoon.  Ann was busy with the projects that I’d assigned her.  We’d have bread that we could save for our breakfast in the morning.
Later, I checked my traps.  A few of the traps had squirrels.  I took them home and cooked them.  Then I brought a large amount of meat to the Shoemaker house.  Ted answered the door and had me come in.
“Thanks,” he said.  Then he yelled, “Betty” towards the kitchen.  I heard noises, but she didn’t come.
“Betty, honey, come get the meat,” Ted yelled.  I heard a utensil being slapped down onto the table.  It wasn’t a big deal for him to take the meat to her.  Why was he demanding her to come?
She came from the kitchen and I immediately saw that she was topless.  Ted looked at me and smiled.  I handed Betty the plate.  Ted was having her come out to show her off.
I looked right in her eyes and tried not to get distracted by her bare chest.  When I was a younger man, it would have been much tougher not to stare.  At that time, any female nudity would either arouse me or embarrass me.
However, I saw a little ugliness instead.  I know that I said that I wasn’t going to make judgments of Betty, but I saw someone who had easily submitted to a thug.  When Ben was alive, Betty had put up with many of his odd political ideas.
Now that I was older, that image of ugliness was enough for me to stay focused.  I recognized Betty as a woman, but I wasn’t attracted to her.
As Betty walked away, Ted rested his hand on his holster, implying that he was the man with the gun and in-charge.  Still, I knew that he abused Betty. I didn’t think that was right.  I had to be careful because Frank was over here a lot.  He might even still be here now.  For his sake, I needed to keep my head and respond agreeably.
“Did you ask her to remove her shirt, or was it her idea?” I asked.
“Women want this.  They want men to look at them, but don’t want men to know it.  I’m helping her do what she wants,” he said.  I shrugged.
“Patty wants this too,” he said.  Ted was vague of whether he was having Betty’s 16-year-old go around topless.  If she was, she had to be hiding in her room.  I crossed my fingers that Ted was just teasing me.
I wondered if Frank was getting an eyeful.  He was young but curious about women.  He might never come home for supper if he was getting a free show.
We were ready to eat at our normal time.  Frank came home right then.  He didn’t make eye contact when he came in or any time throughout supper.
After supper, Betty came over to get water.  She wore a jacket, and I went out to talk to her.  I was curious if she was still topless under her jacket.  I could tell that she was.
“What is up with having no shirt?” I asked.
“It’s not a big deal, but hopefully it is cold tomorrow because I think he’s at least practical about what he can expect.”
“…and Patty too?” I hated to intrude, especially because I didn’t think it was proper to ask about her naked daughter.
“Yes,” she said.
“You don’t know how much control he has over us,” she said defensively.  I didn’t know what else to say so I left it at that.
After supper, Ron fell asleep on the couch.  That was where Ann had been sleeping.
“Have you had a chance to talk to Lily about anxiety?” I asked.
“No,” she said.  I looked at her with disappointment.
“I’ve been busy,” she said.  I tried not to hold it against Ann.  I had to hope that eventually she’d talk to Lily about it.  I’d focus instead on giving Lily interesting things to do to keep busy.  I changed the subject with Ann.
“Should we sleep in our bed tonight?”
“Sure.  I just washed the sheets.”  It felt good to be back in my own bed. I was tired and fell asleep quickly.

* * * *

I woke before dawn as usual and remembered I was finally back in bed next to Ann.  Immediately, I wanted her.  I rolled over and gently caressed her waist.  She turned her body toward me, and we made love. When it was over, she whispered, “I’m scared. What’s going to happen to us?”
“I don’t know,” I whispered back. We laid there for a minute, troubled and still. Eventually, we fell back asleep until dawn.
When I woke up again, I was back to thinking about Ted’s abhorrent demands on Betty.  From my point of view, in bed, it was temporarily pleasurable to think of myself as the boss of my woman, being able to order her to take off her clothes or have sex with me whenever I wanted.  But then, as I thought of it from Betty’s point of view, I was of a different mind.  It was scary to think how at different times lust and love could each feel like such powerful impulses inside of us even though they were completely opposed to each other.
It was cooler that morning.  I was relieved when Betty answered the door in normal clothes.  Everyone but Ted, Ann, and Lily spent the morning at the farm.  Ann worked on tasks from the list I’d given her.
It was still dry.  The ground was starting to seem dry too.  Without rain, the plants might not grow as much this year.  If it rained enough to fill all the rain barrels that I was making, I could wheel some of them to patches of phrags to water them and keep them green.
Still, there were many phrag roots that we could get.  Eventually, along the tracks, we’d run out of ones that were safe to eat and have to go farther to find them.  It would be a pain to lug water barrels too far.  The creek would be closer to them as a source for watering.
After digging for a while, Patty said she was too tired to help more and walked home alone.  Betty watched from the sidewalk to make sure she made it to Cass.
Later, when we were ready to leave, we realized that plants were a bit much for Betty and Ethan to carry back to their house by themselves.  Patty hadn’t taken her shovel with her.  I said that I would help carry everything to the Shoemaker house and then I would return for whatever Frank and Ron couldn’t get.  I had to yell to Ron not to try and carry too much.
Ted came out as we arrived, smiling. He watched as Betty put away the shovels and then went inside.
“It is really nice being in a house full of naked women,” he said.  I think he meant topless.  I hoped that he hadn’t made Patty remove her shirt when she had gotten home.
Was Ted a pedophile?  Patty was right at the age where the legal definition changed.  But what did the law matter now?  Either way, he was still a sexual predator and I was beginning to be concerned about leaving Patty home alone with Ted.  I thought we should have told her to rest at the farm until we all returned.
“You should start doing this with your women too,” he said.  I nodded because I feared what he would say and do if I protested.
I wanted to punch him, but I didn’t want to show it.  Ted was the type who, if I rejected his wishes, would pull out his gun and make me say that I was going to do it.  It was better to pretend to go along for now.
“I’ve left out some tools that I need to get right away,” I said. “Talk to you later.” I walked away, relieved the excuse kept me from having to deal with him.
I cursed inside my head, and then when I was a block away, I cursed aloud.  What was I going to do?
I could only imagine the effect that Ted’s commands would have on Lily.  She had acted happier the last couple days, but she was very sensitive.  I had deep fear for my daughter.
I thought that I would kill Ted.  Thinking of doing something and actually doing it were completely different.  In the past, I’d had brief thoughts of killing lots of people that I knew, but I could always control my anger.
I’d worked so hard to figure out ways to help my family survive, but then I’d become a slave working for this thug who took over.  This was not a moment of emotional desperation, but of practical problem solving. I really thought it was best for everyone for Ted to die.
But could I kill?  I wasn’t a killer, or was I?  I had made many hard choices at work.  I didn’t make decisions solely based on company profit, but also considering the effect on society as a whole.  Would breaking up a monopoly benefit our company, and would it also make it fairer to consumers?  Would punishing abusive business leaders be considered vigilante justice?
To be honest, it would be hard to imagine that people hadn’t died from the things I’ve done.  Yet, things that I had done could have also given other people a better chance to live.  I had to hope that on the balance I came out ahead.
I had no desire to kill.   I always weighed my options.  Who would ever want to kill someone?  I don’t mean in a moment of anger, but as a planned action.  I couldn’t understand this.  It was one thing to push a button at work, and maybe someone elsewhere dies, but it was another thing to pull out a gun and shoot someone.
I’d dealt with a lot of death in the last weeks.  I didn’t want to think of it.  Just starting the list in my head was painful.  However, being exposed to it didn’t mean that I could now kill so easily.
I brought back my tools and had lunch.  At home, I saw my happy wife and daughter and felt a strong urge to protect them from danger that was a result of continuing to associate with Ted.
To continue was sure death.  Whatever I had left, Ted was taking it.  It would be risky trying to kill Ted, and I could die, but he was sucking the life out of me.  Our only chance at survival was to kill him.
I didn’t like who I’d become, and I blamed Ted for it.  Why should I have to be a killer? I began to despise him even more.
Where was Ben’s pistol?  I could use that.  Unfortunately, it must have been left on the floor of the grocery store.
I had asked Betty about taking the bullets out of Ted’s gun, but what if instead, I got her to steal it?  She might be too scared and then if Ted caught her, he’d force her to reveal my plan.  No, it was better not to tell anyone.
I wondered if Ben’s gun was still on the grocery store floor.  The men would certainly have picked it up if they saw it.  I wondered if it had slid under the shelving.  That was unlikely, but possible.
Television was usually not an accurate portrayal of real life.  However, one thing shows usually got right was that one shot didn’t often kill immediately.  When I was hunting with my BB gun, I’d never had a kill shot, but sometimes when I was lucky, I’d disabled the prey.  I was not a trained sniper.  I knew where the heart was, but in a panic trying to kill Ted, I wouldn’t hit a vital organ on the first try.
I imagined a plan.  I’d carry in a platter of meat.  I’d have the family out working on some task for me.  Ted would be sitting on the couch.  I would have the gun under the platter so he couldn’t see it.  Then I’d start shooting.  I thought I’d have to shoot a full clip into him until he was dead.  But by then, he might get two or three shots into me.
Even one bullet into me would be a death sentence, because there were no hospitals.  Any deep puncture wound would become infected and eventually it would be fatal.  If that was my only option, I had to do it that way.
That evening, I was too distracted to start a conversation at supper.  In the evening, I thought it’d be nice to sleep in my bed again, knowing it could be one of my last nights alive.
“Ann, can we encourage Ron to sleep on the couch from now on?”
“I don’t know if it is good for him,” she said.
“Someone has to do it,” I said.  She shrugged.  Later she told him it was his turn to sleep on the couch.

* * * *


Chapter 23: Days 23 to 25

In the morning, Ann woke before me.  She rolled closer to me.  It was her way of giving an invitation.
I couldn’t think of intimacy now.  I was wide awake suddenly and my survival was the only thing on my mind.  I rolled away from Ann and got up.
After eating, I went to the Shoemakers to get Betty.  I watched Ted more closely to confirm that he always had his pistol, and to see if he had a second one, or a pile of ammo anywhere.
At lunch, Ann said that we were getting low on trash bags that we’d been using in the toilets.  She wanted to know what to do.
My mind had been blank.  I was unable to go forward with a plan to kill Ted.  I thought it was partly self-preservation because I knew that I could die too.
However, Ann talking about toilets was a welcome distraction.  I was needed, and that gave me purpose.
My first solution for handling waste turned out to be only temporary.  So, I revisited my original ideas.
One idea was to squat over a trench and then shovel some dirt on top.  That was practical, but I thought not everyone would be crazy about the lack of privacy.  It was potentially more revealing than what Ted was making Betty and Patty do.
Was I two-faced?  I was going to kill Ted over having women expose their chests, but now I was going to make them show their bottoms.  Was I too harsh on Ted?  Maybe my rationalizations were just a way for me to try to find an excuse so that I didn’t have to kill him.
No, I was not like Ted because our motives were different.  I wanted to give privacy.
I would do whatever was practical so that people could keep their privacy.  It was hard to give privacy for a trench.
Digging a hole for an outhouse and then building a structure around it was a lot of work. But I’d been digging every day and those muscles were building up, so maybe it wouldn’t be as bad as I thought.
Another issue was that it was becoming less likely that I’d need a well, but I hadn’t ruled it out.  If I ever had a well, I wouldn’t want to have it directly next to an outhouse.
I went out to see where I might have to put the outhouse.  Farther away was good from the point of view of smell, but then in the winter, closer would be better.  I already had a small pit dug at the back of the lawn where I extracted clay for my water filter.  If I was going to put it in our lawn, that would be a decent place to start.
I had piled trash bags where I had previously kept the trashcans.  After I dug my new pit, I could dispose of the bags down the hole.  However, it was a lot of work to dig space for that.  I’d seen piles of feces on the roads and sidewalks nearby.  I could just load the bags into my trunk, drive a mile away and throw them out.  It was doubtful anyone would be around to complain.  There were many businesses where I was certain no one was living.
Across the fence was a yew bush and it gave me an idea.  What if I poisoned Ted instead of shot him?  If I did that, I might survive.  Suddenly, I felt so much more relieved.
How could I poison him?  The bushes had pink berries in summer.  If I gave him the whole berries to eat, that would kill him.  However, he might know that yew was poisonous.  Then it would be very hard for me to get a second chance.  Moreover, it could be months before the berries came out.
I decided to think more about it later in the evening.  I went about my afternoon chores with more energy.  I saw Ted when I dropped off the evening meal.  I tried to smile, and he smiled back.
After supper, I wanted to see if my book had any more information about yews.  There was text about how to harvest the pink berries safely.  It said the berries were sweet but flavorless.  The mini pinecone inside had a nutty flavor but it was full of poisonous alkaloids.  Death was fast, but how fast?  Symptoms were muscle tremors, convulsions, collapse, and then heart attack.
Did Ted eat fruit?  All he’d ever asked for was meat.  However, he’d been complaining that he had no coffee or other sources of caffeine.  I could lie to him and say that I found a natural source.
The needles or leaves of the yew were just as fatal as the seeds.  I could use the leaves to make tea.
How much would he have to drink?  The poison was obviously not good for you in any dose, but everything had a lethal level.  Even if you drank a gallon of water, that could be lethal because it disturbed your electrolytes.  For the yew, it was 20 milligrams per kilogram of body weight.  Actually, that was a lot.  I calculated that I’d have to make a little more than one ounce of leaves into tea, and then have him drink all of it to be lethal.  It might work.  For all the scary talk of poison, it wasn’t much to be concerned about because it would be hard for someone to accidentally eat a few ounces of it.

* * * *

The next day, when everyone was going to harvest phrags, I stayed home.  I told the laborers and Ted that I was working on some ideas for new foods, so they wouldn’t be suspicious.  We’d have plenty of food without my efforts as long as Ted was no longer eating.
Would the tea taste horrible?  Ted may not finish enough to kill him if it tasted bad.  The book said the seeds tasted nutty.  That was hopeful.  However, I would need to taste a little bit myself to be sure.  I could spit it out immediately, and I would never consume near the lethal dose.
I needed to brew tea.  Since it would be a small batch, I thought the hobo stove would be sufficient.
I picked a cupful of leaves.  I could always dilute it to make it taste right.  Then I brewed the leaves over the fire.
After several minutes, the leaves looked limp, and the water was dark.  It was time to test the flavor.
I took a spoonful and blew on it to cool it down.  I shouldn’t give hot tea to Ted because then he might sip it slowly.  It should be just warm.
I put the spoon in my mouth and then swished the liquid around.  It didn’t taste bad.  I spit it out.
Then I realized that I should have had a water bottle ready to wash out my mouth.  I ran to the bucket, quickly palmed some water in my mouth, and then spit that too.
Was I really going to do this?  I was getting nervous.  I thought of the poison symptom of muscle tremors and I felt my hands shaking.  I cursed.  Had I just killed myself?
I recalled when I’d tried the plantains.  Some of the symptoms of poisoning were the same as from nervousness.  I tried to tell myself that I was just worried.  I paced around to relieve stress, but then I was afraid that would put stress on my heart.  If the poison was affecting my heart, I could be worsening it.  I could feel it beating strongly in my chest.  I might be having a heart attack.
Overall, I felt slightly better pacing, so I continued that.  After a few minutes, I had calmed down, and my hand tremors were gone.  It must have been only in my mind.
Now that I knew that I could make a pleasant but fatal tea, I had to get Ted to drink it, but I didn’t know how he liked his tea.  I walked to Cass and knocked on the door to the Shoemaker house.
“What?” he asked.  I had a lot of energy right now from the nervousness.  I used it to fake my excitement.
“I know how you miss caffeinated drinks.  I have a discovery for that,” I said with great energy.
“Oh?”  He was interested.
“You know how the pioneers used to drink pine needle tea?”
“No,” he said.
“Oh.  Anyhow, I brewed some tea.  I never drank caffeine, so I don’t know for sure what it does, but it has given me a kick and my hands are shaking.”
“Yes.  That’s what it does.”
“Would you like to try some?  I don’t know if you like your tea sweet or plain.”  I described the flavor so that he would be more confident that I wasn’t trying to poison him.
“Yes. Bring some over.  I’ll try it however—with or without sugar.”  He was very agreeable.
“Okay, I’ll be back in a couple minutes.”
I went home.  I ran part of the way to release nervous energy.
I went inside and got a mug.  The leaves were easy to filter off.  I filled the cup.  It was cooling down enough that he could drink it quickly. Then I carefully carried the mug to the house.
“I hope you like it too,” I said, “but it is kind of strong for me.”
“I can take it,” he said.
“I’ve got more things to try,” I said.  I left.
The poison was fast, but how fast?  I imagined Ted coming out of the house after me with his gun.  He would have already figured out that I was trying to kill him.  His hands might be a little wobbly from the tremors, but he’d still try to shoot me.  I walked more quickly.  I didn’t hear anything.
My heart was beating strongly again, so I jogged a little more.  That helped calm me.
How long should I wait?  What if he didn’t drink it?
I couldn’t do anything else.  I paced around my driveway.  I thought I should go somewhere else.  If he did try to chase me, he’d come here.  I locked the house doors since Lily was inside.
I started walking in the opposite direction down the block.  If he came into view, I could run the other way.  His bullets could never hit me that far away.
Looking back, I saw Patty walking along Linwood towards Cass.  I cursed.  Then I immediately yelled and waved to her.  She didn’t see me.
I started running towards her, but I wasn’t a fast runner.  She went out of view around the corner.  After a few houses, I came up to our house.  I thought that I’d be faster on my bike, but it was in the garage.
I should have told Patty to stay at the farm.  However, any comments like that could have revealed my intentions.
My feet pounded on the sidewalk.  I was approaching the first corner.  She was going around the second bend down Cass.  I had to slow to a walk to catch my breath.
What would I tell Patty?  If she was within view of the house, Ted might be suspicious if I stopped her.
What would I tell Ted if Patty came home?  If he hadn’t drunk any tea, could I get it back?  If he was having spasms but still could control a gun, then Patty and I were both in trouble.
I ran again.  Patty was two houses down when I got to the corner of Cass.  I said her name but didn’t yell too loudly because I didn’t want Ted to hear.
As I got closer, she at last heard me and looked around.  I slowed down and waved.  She was in view of Ted if he was sitting on the couch still.  I cursed.  I’d have to go to the house now.
“I’ll walk with you,” I said to Patty.  “I want to talk to Ted.”
How would I get the tea back from him?  Could I say that I accidently made it with the downspout water?
“Let me go in first,” I said to Patty under my breath.  “…or can you pretend you need to put something in the garage?”  She looked at me funny, and then nodded.
I should be able to see Ted from outside.  Except for the glare on the window, we were in line of sight.  I could see the shape of his body on the couch from the sidewalk.  Patty walked up the other side of the driveway to go to the back.
I might be able to tell what was going on from outside.  That would be much safer.
I went up to the window and cupped my hands for the glare.  Ted was reclined on the couch.
The mug had fallen over on the floor.  That was a good sign, because even a thug wouldn’t intentionally try to make a mess.
I didn’t see any signs of life in Ted, but then again, I was a distance away.  I stepped away for a second.  I’d kept Patty from going in, so was there any rush?  I looked around the corner towards the garage.  She was there waiting.  She would wait for a while for me.
I noticed my heart pounding again.  If I continued waiting, I was putting my own health at risk.  There was really no reason to wait.  If he had drunk it, the poison was fast, and he was dead.  If the poison had disabled him, I might be able to get his gun from him and finish him off.  If he had dropped the cup and was just napping, I could play dumb.
I looked through the window again.  His pistol was holstered.
I lightly tapped on the window to see if I could wake him.  He didn’t move.
Then I opened the front door.  I watched his chest to see if it was going up and down.  I couldn’t tell.
“Ted,” I said in a normal voice, “are you asleep?”  He didn’t answer.
I walked closer.  The mug was empty.  It made no wet spot where it tipped over.
“Ted,” I said again.  Should I jump on him and grab his gun?  That would work only if the poison had disabled him.
I stood right next to him and watched for breathing.  Next, I tapped on his shoulder.  Still nothing happened.
Then I gave him a big shove.  He didn’t move.
I sat on him just in case I was wrong, and then I pulled out his pistol.  I took it and sat across the room.  If he woke now, I’d have the drop on him.
There was no reason to waste bullets and scare everyone by shooting him.  I wanted to make sure he was dead, so I did the same test as I did with Mary.  I found a pair of sunglasses to hold up to his nose.  He didn’t produce any fog.  Lastly, I wanted to make sure he couldn’t get up, so I got two of Ben’s belts and fastened them around his arms and legs.  Just in case he came back to life, he’d be at my mercy.
Next, I went outside.  Patty was there still.
“You can come in now.  He is dead.”  She nodded, looking surprised.
What should I do with the body?  I could dig a grave like the one I’d done for everyone else. I didn’t really care what happened to his body.  If I drove the bags of feces a few miles away to dump, I could drop his body there too.  However, if I buried him, I’d know that he couldn’t come back from that.
I went home, put a shovel and boards for a ramp in my car, and drove back.  I pulled Ted’s corpse out as I had for Mary.
Then I drove to the graveyard.  I pulled him out to measure him for a hole.  Then I started digging while keeping one eye on him.  When the hole was ready, I rolled him in.  In addition, I took off his holster and put it on myself.
I would be piling dirt on him.  Also, since I’d bound him up, that should keep him from being able to dig himself out if he came back to life.
I had taken the easy way out by poisoning him.  However, I wouldn’t be able to sleep tonight unless I was certain that there was no way he was coming back.  I had the pistol, but I also had the shovel.  I checked the pistol’s magazine and saw it was full of bullets.  However, it would be wasteful to use one on him.  I confirmed that the safety lock was on as I holstered it.
I should be punished for murdering someone.  My penalty would be that I would have to watch as the shovel decapitated Ted’s corpse.  It would be gruesome, and I didn’t want to see it.  However, I would be able to sleep better if I knew for sure he was gone for good.
When I was done with the horrific act, I looked up.  Mateo was across the street watching.  He probably couldn’t see the body, but he knew what I was doing.
We stared at each other for a minute, and then he nodded.  I nodded too, and then I buried Ted.

I had to tell the kids what happened.  Patty had seen the body, and everyone would find the grave.  It wouldn’t make any sense to tell a story that he decided to move away.  Besides, they might worry that he would return.
I could lie and say that Ted had overdosed on drugs.  That was partly true. But it was pointless to tell that lie, and I didn’t like blaming something else for my own decision. Also, a positive of telling the truth was that they would all know that I was here to protect them.
Mateo had seen my face when I severed Ted’s head.  He’d know it couldn’t have been an accident.  If we ever became friends again, he might let it slip what really happened.  I should tell the truth.
I needed to think about things. I ate a quick lunch before the others returned and then went to the park.
I was walking around now with Ted’s pistol, but I still had BB gun in case I saw a bird.  I needed Ted’s gun for my protection because there were no more police.
Who have I become?  I have left my old self and old job behind.  I wasn’t the same person.  I still thought that I was trying to do what was best for everyone, but was the way to do it strapping a gun to my side?
I had a few peaceful moments sitting next to a tree.  I prayed for guidance about my identity.
Later, I found each member of my family individually, except Ron, and told them that I’d killed Ted.  Ann looked nervous when I told her, but she said, “It was for the best.”  My kids didn’t want to talk about it.  When I went to the Shoemakers, Betty seemed to know already.  Ethan overheard from the next room.

* * * *

The next day, I got the crew together to go dig up phrags.  I felt safer from dogs now that I had the pistol.  Betty and I walked a short distance behind the others.
“Don’t blame me,” she said.
“For what?” I asked.
“For everything.  I had to do what Ted demanded.  I told you already.”
“I know that,” I said.  “I don’t blame you for that.”  Ted had been abusive, but some of Ben’s ideas weren’t all that great either.  It seemed like Betty had always just gone along with whatever her man of the time had said.
“I didn’t have much choice,” she said.  I nodded.  People had to make sacrifices to get on with life.  Not everyone could manage to overcome tough situations on their own.  There were bills to pay.  Sometimes they needed a little help.
I realized that Betty had been trapped.  She had gone along with what they said because she needed them. Did it mean that she was weak?  Dependent?  I would think of her instead as someone who had been a prisoner in her own home.  Someone who was easily manipulated and had become easy prey.

In the afternoon, I started digging the toilet pit.  On top of it, I planned to put a section of the wooden fence down for the flooring.  The fence wasn’t designed to hold people, but I could reinforce it if necessary.  I’d cut a hole for the waste to go through.
For a stool or seat, I would take a plastic lawn chair and cut out the middle part.  Then for privacy, temporarily, I would put the shower curtain around it.  I’d hold it up with a large branch and strings.
I kept thinking of how I’d failed with Ted.  I told myself that if I was worth anything, I should have been able to find a way to deal with him.  I wondered if I could have talked with him, been his friend, and told him that he was being a fool.
I’d been harsh with many people.  When people had asked for food, I didn’t go out of my way to try to find a way to help them.  I only told them the cold truth as I saw it.  My conversation with Betty helped me see that most people were just trying to cope with the adjustment to this new world.  Some people needed help doing that.
Later in the day, it started to rain heavily.  I went inside and watched.  Within a short time, all my rain barrels were full.  It made me feel like a millionaire.  In the new world, water was life.
For about a month, I’d been struggling to survive.  Some of my failures resulted in deaths, but I’d had many successes too.  The people who were still alive were my triumphs.  New successes and failures were coming, but the good news was that we survived and had built a decent, sustainable life.  That first month was the roughest because so many things could have gone wrong.  I hadn’t been able to focus on anything but staying alive.  Now, if possible, I needed to think beyond survival.  I had to be more concerned about what this had done to my family.

The End.
###


Disclaimer:
All characters appearing in this work are fictitious.  Any resemblance to real persons, living or dead, is purely coincidental.
The author assumes no liability for any instructions in this book.

About the Author:
Nick Eager is a pseudonym for the author.  Nick lives and works in Michigan.  He has professional experience with planning for solar flares.
Contact him at: https://www.facebook.com/nick.eager.395 
If you enjoyed this book please loan it to a friend, or write a positive review of it.

Earth Reset - The Counselor, Chapter 1
“I am a murderer.”  That thought had kept running through my head for the last couple days.  I had tried to focus on work, but the word “murderer” kept taunting me. 
Looking back, that first month after the solar flare had knocked out the power was rough.  We’d lost everything of the old world, and we had no water or food supply.  Few people were left in town because most people had fled south.  The few that were left were really desperate, but it was too late to leave now with there being no way to get anywhere.  I had survived by making tough choices.  It had been so hard for me that I feared how it had affected me.  Several people had died, and I was responsible for at least one of the deaths.  At times, all I did was sit and think about each person who had died and how I’d killed them or contributed to their death in some way.  
I was troubled by the death of my friend, Jason.  He had been caught in circumstances beyond his control.  I told myself that he didn’t know that the others had been planning to burn down his church.  I should have been able to come up with a way to get him out safely, but I’d barely escaped myself.  Since then, I’d come up with an alternative theory.  I’d been so concerned with getting out that I hadn’t thought of the others.  Instead, when I saw the arsonists, if I’d turned back and yelled “fire,” then a large crowd might have rushed the men with me.  We could have overpowered them.  It was so simple, so why hadn’t I thought of it?
“No,” I told myself.  I must stop the blaming myself and refocus on the positives.
My family was all doing fine.  Ann and Frank were helping to harvest the food we needed, and Lily was helping in her own way.  Ann’s elderly father Ron was still with us and did some physical labor even though he had a bad shoulder.  Yet, he was needing less pain medicine for it each day.  Frank seemed to be adjusting to the new life the easiest, so I was least worried about him.  He’d had a few issues early, but he reminded me of when I was young.  As a child, I hadn’t gone through a major trauma like we all had recently, but just like him, I pushed through whatever life gave me.
Additionally, I was watching over the Shoemaker family.  Betty, Patty, and Ethan worked with us every day.  Betty’s husband had been killed a few weeks ago.
I was always busy.  Rarely did I have time to reflect about all the dead people.  It felt to me that if I had taken a break before now, then my family and I wouldn’t have survived.
Now, some of my problems weren’t as severe.  We had run out of toilet paper, but Ann had invented a way to use washable rags to wipe with. We had been using plastic bags for waste, but the bags were low, and the pile of used ones was increasing in height.  Consequently, I had been working on building an outhouse.   I was digging a pit in my backyard.  I worked on it an hour a day, but it was difficult work digging through the hard clay and it wore me out.   I was chest deep in the hole, and that was about as deep as I wanted it to be.
“Nick, are you digging another grave?” Mateo asked over the fence.
I was happy to see him, but also surprised and shocked by him.  Mateo had been my friend, but I hadn’t talked to him in a month.  The one time I had seen him was when I was digging a grave for a man that I had killed.  The world was different now—I was a murderer, and it was necessary to always protect yourself.  
I didn’t immediately reply.  In the new world, life was much slower.  A conversation might be a few choice words that were said after much thought.
I hadn’t been concerned for my safety since I was working in my own backyard.  I didn’t have my pistol with me.  I’d been wearing it since I started killing people.  However, my family objected when I walked into the house wearing a sidearm.  Lily protested the most.  She went to hide in her room whenever I came inside wearing a gun.  She already was reclusive, and having the gun made it worse.  She wouldn’t even eat with us.  Therefore, I decided not to carry the gun unless I was going somewhere.  Right now, it was on the porch, and I was vulnerable.
I looked at Mateo and saw that he was smiling.  He was growing a beard like I was.  I was beginning to feel that he hadn’t come to kill me.
“No,” I said, “it’s for an outhouse.”  He nodded.  Neither of us spoke for a while.
I wondered how he was surviving.  His family had disappeared for a couple weeks, and then they were suddenly back, but hidden.
“How have you been doing?” I asked.  He shook his head and looked away.  It took him time to find the words.
“Jen had a miscarriage,” he said.
“Oh, I’m sorry,” I said.  I had believed that she was several months pregnant by now.
“It was the stress.  The baby died inside of her, and the toxins started getting into her blood.  She almost died too.”  His eyes were watery.  I felt tears in my eyes too.
“We stayed in the hospital for as long as we could for treatment,” he said.
“The whole family?”
“Yes, they knew Jen there and treated us well as long as they could.  Then things fell apart.”
“How is she now?” I asked.
“She’s different day to day.  It is hard to recover with bad food and too little of it.”  His voice changed.  “I am desperate.  I don’t know what to do.”  I’d never heard him speak that way.  Male friends didn’t come to each other to cry about their problems.  Normally, I’d be uncomfortable with pleading, but it was a regular part of life now.  My first thought was that I should encourage him to build up his confidence again.  He’d be useful if he stopped crying and could work.  The best thing you can do for a man’s esteem is ask his advice.  I climbed out of the hole so that I could talk to him at his level.
“I am sure that it was a great challenge keeping your wife and kids alive until now,” I said.  “It has been for me.  You must have come up with ways to provide food and drink for them.  Please tell me how you did it.”  I had seen him sneaking around the neighborhood in the dark.  I didn’t think that he was stealing my water from the rain barrels, but he could have been.  I should have found a different way to ask the question.  He might have taken it as if I was accusing him.
“We had been gone for a while, so our water heater was still full,” he said.  I nodded.  He looked at the homes nearby.  “Then when that got low, I found the same in other places.”  He sounded evasive, but I am sure that he meant that he broke into other homes.  I hadn’t thought of that.  I had assumed that everyone had eaten all their food and drank all their water before they drove out of town.  However, perhaps that wasn’t true.  Harvesting food from nature was hard work.  If there were other sources of food, I could save myself time.
“Are you finding food too?” I asked.  He shrugged.
“My biggest find was a sack of rancid flour.  I fed it to my kids.  I feel like a really bad father—like I might be killing them.”  I thought he was going to cry again.
“No, you are doing great,” I said to encourage him.  I really had no idea if rancid flour was harmful.
“I see you return with food, and you look in good shape,” he said.  “You must know how to survive.  I’ll do anything, except I won’t kill.”  I realized he might think that I was robbing people.  I tried to smile and treat his comment like a joke.
“I have been farming to get food,” I said.  “My guns are for protection or hunting.  You won’t have to kill, except if you want wild meat.  There is a lot of food out there if you know where to get it.  Here, let me show you.”
I had some worms drying in the sun.  They were fully cooked and ready to eat, but I’d dry them to preserve them for when we needed them.  I pulled out two.
“Here,” I said.  I ate one of the two and gave him the other one.  He watched me and then put it into his mouth.
“Chewy,” he said.
“Imagine it is jerky.”
“It isn’t jerky.  They are worms.”  He was resigned to eat it despite the source.
“Worm flavored jerky,” I said.
“Who would want that flavor?” he asked.  We both laughed.  I knew that he would survive.  Anyone willing to do work and make compromises could make it.
“Can Jen work at all?” I asked.  His kids were little and wouldn’t be much help.
“I can do the work for all of us.  She’s supposed to stay in bed for months.”
“Yes, I do all the work around here too.  I know you can feed them all.”
“How many people are you feeding?” he asked.
“Eight,” I said.  “With you that will be 12.”  Suddenly, I felt overwhelmed by the burden on my shoulders.  Yet, I had no alternative.  It had been too easy to turn people away before.  It made me feel very guilty, and I didn’t believe that I could handle it anymore.  I had to care and to help.
“You are the only one doing work?”
“Actually, no.  Ann is baking bread and sometimes harvests dandelions.  Ron, my father-in-law, is helping with phragging.  That is the reed farm.  Betty and her kids are doing that too.  Frank is collecting fuel for fires and usually is at the farm too.  Lily is managing cleaning the water.”  Lily wasn’t doing much, but I wanted to defend her. “She’s been helping with some planning too.”  His daughter was young but could handle the water systems.  Nonetheless I didn’t want to take away one of Lily’s few things.  However, any effort by his daughter would show that they all knew they’d have to work.
“Isabella could help Lily,” I said.  He nodded.  “If you need water, just come get it from that barrel.”
“It only took you a month to set up all of that?” he asked.
“A little less.  I’ve been counting,” I said.  “I think is April 14, which is the 26th day.”  He nodded.
 “Do you need any food now?” I asked.
“I’m starved.  Can I trade you for some food?”  I didn’t really want any rancid flour from him.  I’d prefer that he’d work for his own food.
It was in the late afternoon.  We’d already done most of our chores for the day.  I was happy to have him wait and help with work tomorrow.
It had been wet in the mornings, and the worm pickings were plentiful.  However, some of our other foods weren’t well stocked up.  I went back to the worm drying rack and pulled off a heaping handful.
“Take these,” I said.  “See if you can get your family to eat them.  Tomorrow we’ll start working together.  I start as soon as the sun is up.”
“Yes, I see you when you’re out.  I’ll join you then.  Thank you.”  He walked back home.
Looking at the pit, I knew I needed to make the outhouse structure soon.  For now, I threw in all the bags of human waste and shoveled some dirt on top.  I cleaned up my tools.  Then I took some of the dried worms to Betty for their breakfast tomorrow.  I went inside for the supper Ann had made.

At supper, I told the family that Mateo was now in our group.  I didn’t tell them about Jen.  I don’t think that I’d even told Ann that I knew Jen was pregnant.  There was no point to get everyone excited about it.
After a minute, Ron stopped eating and put his hand to his head.  For most people, I’d ask how they felt, but he almost never talked.
“I hope Dad isn’t having a stroke,” Ann said to me quietly.
“Why would you think he was?” I asked.
“If you can’t move around, and have a severe headache, that sounds like a stroke.”  She was being dismissive.
“Was he having trouble walking today?” I asked.  He’d been to the farm and back in the morning with no trouble.
“Yes, he could walk once he got going,” she said.  That wasn’t a stroke.
“Ron,” I yelled.  “Do you have a headache?”  He wouldn’t hear me unless I yelled, but I hated to punish someone with a headache by yelling at them.
“No,” he said.
“How do you feel?” asked Ann.
“What?”
“How do you feel?” I yelled.
“Just a little dizzy,” he said.
“It isn’t a stroke,” I said to Ann.  “His voice isn’t slurred.  I think that sounds more like low blood pressure.”
“Is it a heart problem?”
“Possibly,” I said, “but his health has been improving.  He’s lost weight and is building back muscle.  I think that Lily and I are just prescribing him too much blood pressure medicine.  He doesn’t need as much anymore.”
“It isn’t my fault,” said Lily.  “You told me to calculate how much to give him based on numbers that you had come up with.  I just did the math.”
“I’m not blaming you,” I said.  “You are right that you did what I told you.”
“It sounds like blame.”
“Sorry.”  I wished that I could find a way to say things so she wouldn’t always take it the worst possible way.  “We are learning together about this.  We should focus on grandpa.  I wish I had a BP cuff, to check, but I am probably right.  I think that we should slowly reduce his medicine.  We could cut it by a quarter for a few days to see what happens.  If he improves, then we know we were right.”
“Not having enough food can make you faint too,” Ann said.  “We should feed him more.”
“No, he looks really good for someone his age.  Plus, I don’t think that he is still losing weight.  I think he has stabilized.”
I wondered if I was giving enough work to Ann.  She worried more when she had time to sit around and think.  If she was busy, then she’d be fine.  Recently, I had noticed her picking at her skin.  She could worry so much that she’d bruise herself.  It was hard to sit and watch her do that.  If I told her to stop, it had the opposite effect.  That was partly why I was always busy now.  It was less painful for me to go work on something to improve our life than sit and watch her suffer.

Summary:
What would you do if civilization suddenly stopped?  Nick is an electrical engineer in Detroit.  When he hears that a solar flare is going to strike the Earth he goes home and prepares in the wrong way.  When the power goes out, Nick assumes that it will eventually come back.  However, over several days the situation sinks deeper and Nick must learn how to keep himself and his family alive.  News is very scarce because of so much devastation to society.  Many of Nick’s neighbors move away in search of a place where there still might be services.  Each of Nick’s friends reacts differently.  One mysteriously disappears for several days.   One friend’s church turns into a suicide cult, and one friend seems like a good person to cooperate with until he takes one too many risks and is killed in a shootout.  Life becomes harder as Nick runs out of food.  He must make compromises, and eventually he kills a man that has been demanding food and dominating the survivors.

ISBN: 
Smashwords Edition, License Notes
Thank you for downloading this ebook.  This book remains the copyrighted property of the author, and may not be reproduced, copied and distributed for commercial or non-commercial purposes.  If you enjoyed this book, please encourage your friends to download their own copy at Smashwords.com, where they can also discover other works by this author.  Thank you for your support.

###

