
Ellipsis:
Short Stories to
Inspire the Imagination


by Robbie Michael


This book is dedicated to Martha Ellis,
without whom this book would have never
happened. She is a real-life hero to so many
people. Thank you for that first composition
notebook to write my stories in. More importantly,
thank you for always believing in me.


Go to www.robbiembowman.com 
to keep up with all releases. 

January 2021 will begin the release of 5 new books!

5 of the stories in this book will be turned into Novellas. 

Be on the lookout. 

This is going to be fun. 

Table of Contents
Introduction
Killer Memories
Mission-ary Impossible
Bad Copy
Reckoning Day
The Last Lord’s Prayer
Backpack
What’s Behind Door #1
Feel the Music
Down Comes a Pillar
Silver Destiny
Give and Take
I love you, bro.
Prison Sentence
Departed Death
Death of an Angel
Candle Lit Destiny
To be continued…

Introduction
I’m an overthinker. What’s worse is that I am an overthinker who wants to know every minute detail before I start something. Because of those two things, this book almost never happened. My autistic brain kicks in and thinks about all the “what if” scenarios. Consequently, that overthinking leads to procrastination.
The problem with this is that I knew I needed to write this book. There was something inside of me fighting to get out, and it wasn’t Taco Bell. It was during a somewhat recent conversation that a close friend of mine helped me work through my hesitance.
“Then do it, Robs,” she said to me. “Write your book! You already know people love your stories. What more do you want?” (It’s worth noting that I’ve been talking about writing a book for quite a few years.)
“Therein lies the problem,” I said to her. “I don’t know where to start. I don’t know what to write. Maybe I’ve used up all my genius. That’s it. I’ve officially become a non-genius.”
With a massive smile on her face, she gave me the advice I needed to hear. “Robs, your first book should reflect who you are. You can write fiction and make it personal at the same time. The question is, why do you write? Figure that out, and you’ll know where to start.”
“Mrs. Ellis,” I blurted out rather loudly. “That’s where this all started.”
I was a junior in high school when Mrs. Ellis, one of our school counselors, handed me a composition notebook. She told me to write stories. I had written a few small things for classes throughout the years, but I had never thought about writing for fun. In my mind, nobody would sit down and write because they wanted to. That seemed like an odd concept to me. I decided to listen to her because she was the mother figure in my life, my real-life hero. I knew she would never lead me astray. So, I decided to take her advice.
While at school, I would jot down intriguing things I saw people do or heard something they said. I would use those notes as writing prompts. Stories began to pour out of me. You know what happened? I fell in love with writing and became one of those people who wrote for fun.
Because of Mrs. Ellis, I am here today and able to bring you this book. 
I’ll admit that I’m somewhat hesitant for people to read this book, and I have a good reason for that. I know that you’re most likely going to fall within two categories. You’re going to love or hate how I write. I probably shouldn’t openly admit that last one, but I know it’s bound to happen. 
Why would I tell you that ahead of time? 
Well, it’s because one of the writing styles I’m known for is leaving my stories open-ended. That’s because I’ve always been a big fan of cliffhangers. My overactive imagination takes over, and I think of the endless possibilities. I don’t mind seeing “to be continued...” on the bottom of the screen at the end of a show. That ellipsis (...) was there to let us know there was more to come. Hence why I named this book Ellipsis. 
As for inspiring the imagination? I think it’s okay to allow our imaginations to think about what could happen. I’m confident you’ll find one or two of the stories that’ll ignite your creative side. When you get to the end of the book, I have a pretty cool idea that I want to run by you.
For now, though, I want you to dive into this book and enjoy the journey.
Killer Memories



"Steph, your mom and I think $50 should be enough for today. Shoot, I hope that gives you enough for your field trip. I mean, we wanted you to be able to shop around a little if you wanted." After a few moments, he looked at his daughter, who didn't seem to be paying attention. "Sweetie? Did you hear me?"
"I heard you," she snapped. "Please don't call me sweetie. I'm not some cute little girl wearing pigtails. And yeah, that's enough. I planned on hanging out with some friends after school. Maybe spend the night over at Tasha's house. I don't know yet. I'll try and text to let you know." 
She got up, grabbed the money, and headed towards the front door.
"I love you, sweetie." Her dad, David, snickered a little bit. Invoking any kind of response was better than no response, but she still didn’t answer. "Steph?"
"I'm running late. Don't wait up for me. Assuming you'll be home. Have fun chasing bad guys."
The last two years had been the worst years for David and Valerie in regards to their daughter, Stephanie. They were all once inseparable, the three musketeers, the picturesque example of a family that had it all together. David was used to having her as a shadow. The once "daddy's girl" no longer wanted to be in the same room as her parents. Now the only thing they see is her shadow as she runs out the door to go with her friends. They knew these "friends" weren't the kind of friends Steph should have, but everything they did to help guide her seemed to backfire and make things worse. Applying rules had proven to be ineffective because she would defy them anyway. Their hearts seemed to break almost daily as they grew further apart from their daughter.
David had spent the last ten years building a private investigation and security company. The idea of building a successful company was appealing at first. He intended to spend more time with his family as the company grew. Unfortunately, the opposite happened.
The company had gained some national notoriety for finding a missing teen. He decided to spend the last two years rummaging through files trying to find other missing girls. The fact that his daughter was the same age as these missing girls lit a fire in his heart. His passion, his obsession, was finding these girls; he had to find the missing pieces.
After pouring a cup of coffee in his tumbler, David grabbed a file box and headed out the door. He pulled up to the Caddo Parish Sheriff's office in Shreveport, Louisiana, to grab the last bit of paperwork he needed. He had become a familiar face in that office.
"Good morning, Gail. I'm here for the—"
"Bossman wants to see you," Gail interrupted without the slightest trace of a smile. "He has your files. You must be stirring the right pots because people around here are talking."
"Talking? About what," David questioned. "And it's nice to see your radiant smile this morning."
"Oh, hush! You try working in this office with everything going on these days." Gail looked around and then leaned closer to David. "I'm not sure what I am allowed to say, which is usually nothing, but there are a couple of people who aren't happy. They feel like you're making them look bad. That's all. I think the Sheriff wants to make sure you're okay. I don't think you're in trouble." She stiffened up and added in a loud voice, "The Sheriff is waiting for you, Mr. David. I will let him know you're headed back."
"Gail, has anyone told you how great you are? You've taken care of me through all this. You're the real hero around here." Gail's face lit up with a smile bigger than he had ever seen. "I'll head back to his office. Thanks, Gail."
As he walked through the glass doors, several people glared at him and began whispering. He was used to getting these kinds of looks. Nobody, especially law enforcement, likes someone else coming in and doing their job. David had received plenty of threats from some of these people, but most of them didn't go anywhere. He knew the law just as much as them. His knowledge of the law and current success rate gave him a sense of confidence as he walked back to the office.
Sheriff Williams was a man known for getting things done. He had spent the last four years cleaning up Caddo Parish. "It starts from the top and trickles down from there," he was quoted as saying when he was elected. He wasn't popular with all the people who worked for him because cleaning house included everyone he would be supervising. 
"Come on in, David." The door to the sheriff's office was already open. Sheriff Williams had a smile on his face. "You've been the talk around here for a while now. You know that, right? I'm sure Gail told you. She isn't one for keeping office secrets. I don't mind, though." He let out a laugh then continued. "I'll let you in on a little secret if you can keep it between us. She is one of the main reasons why people are straightening up around here. I tell her just enough to get her gossiping. It's safe to say I've ruffled more feathers around here than you have." 
"Sheriff Williams, please know that ruffling feathers was never my intent. I hope you know that. I want to help. Your job is to uphold the law. You have proven that you're not afraid to do that. You know, just as I do that there is a lot you can't do. Your hands are tied. Do you remember when I made the news? You were by my side. You're the one who said, 'Buckle up, son. You're about to go on one hell of a ride.' Well…as it turns out you were right. It's been a ride, but it's one I will gladly stay on. There are more people out there—"
"Yes…yes, you're right," Sheriff interrupted with a worried look on his face. "As of right now, it looks like we will be working closer together. The Clark County sheriff's office sent over a few files. I took the liberty of looking through them. I’m sure you don't mind. Our guy, or girl I guess, has been there, too. This one is difficult to look at. Are you sure you want to continue? There's one major thing that jumped out at me." He slid the files over to David. There was something written on the cover. 
"Shreveport Regional Airport. Why is that—OH! Wait. The others were in Houston, Dallas, Orlando, Denver, and now Las Vegas?" David seemed to melt into his chair as he leaned back. "Those are direct flights from Shreveport, aren't they?"
"That's correct. The FBI will be taking over this case, but they won't be here for another week. I hope you understand the amount of trouble I will get in by giving these files to you. Don’t worry; I'm covering my butt. I'm afraid my hands are tied with helping you any further. However," Sheriff Williams grinned. "If one of the other families found a private investigator that was willing to work pro bono for them, then we could find a way to include you in the other cases. Well…sort of. They won't be happy about that, but if the other family demands that you’re included in the case, then they will strongly consider it. You are the golden boy, and the FBI knows it. Trust me; they'll want to know what you've found."
After leaving the office, David sat on a bench outside for a few minutes, looking at the case file. The similarities were all there. The missing girls were all in their teens, had a somewhat public reputation of being defiant, and had parents who seemingly had a perfect household. 
But why David thought to himself. That's what I don't understand. Why would someone do this?
As he continued looking at the cases, someone came bursting out the front door of the Caddo Parish Sheriff's office. It was Gail.
"Oh, thank God," Gail said frantically. "You haven't seen your phone. Check your phone. Call your wife. I'm so sorry, David."
David quickly went to turn his phone back on. He always turned it off when in meetings to save himself from being interrupted. His hands were shaking, and the cell phone wouldn't turn on fast enough. When his phone finally powered on, it began to ding loudly with notifications. The last text from his wife was all he saw.
Please! Call me! She is missing! Our baby girl is missing! I'm calling the sheriff's office.
David called his wife, and she gave the details, which were hard to understand over the crying and wailing. He was escorted home by a deputy. The 25-minute drive only took about 15 minutes. He barged into the door and held his wife tightly. 
"What do we know, Valerie? What did they say?"
"They were on the field trip, and apparently, a few of the kids wandered off into the alley. She was one of them. They were going somewhere to get high. I didn't even know she did that—oh God! She's going to be one of those girls. She's next!" Valerie yelled and collapsed on the ground.
David had heard these cries, these screams before. Hearing them from his wife was different. Everything within him wanted to break, but he didn't have time to break. The case of finding answers for the missing girls was now a case of finding his own daughter. He was grateful to see his in-laws taking care of Valerie. Sheriff Williams had just come over, and David recognized that look. That look was a lack of hope. After a few minutes of taking everything in, David led Sheriff Williams into his home office. There was a large map covering one wall with numbered push pins all over. 
"My system is simple but effective. We can now rule out each city that isn't a direct flight from Shreveport. All the files are arranged by date in the filing cabinet. We need to single out all the local cases—"
The sheriff put his hand on David's shoulder and said, "You're not okay. You're not supposed to be. Why don't you let me round up a few guys and get them over here? We can help lighten the—"
"NO," David yelled. His voice squeaked as he was trying to fight back the tears. "This is personal, and you know it! She fits the mold, Sheriff. She fits the freaking mold. We've been having issues with her for a while now. The more rules we put in place, the wilder she becomes. We've run out of options. Now she's another number." He looked at the map and threw his glass at it. "I made my daughter another number on the map!"
"It's not the time for that. You didn't do this. Some freaking sicko did this—a sicko with a vendetta. You're obviously a lot closer than you realize. That's the first thing I thought about when I was driving over here. You're close to figuring this out. We will find her, David." Sheriff Williams sat down near the filing cabinet and opened it up. "You call out the numbers, and I will grab the files."
They spent a few minutes going through files in an attempt to find some similarities. There were only seven files from Caddo Parish. All other missing cases didn't line up. The missing cases from the local area were also the oldest of all the files. The timing of this only confirmed that Stephanie's kidnapping was intentional. He was getting too close.
"Why leave it at that," David asked. "Think about it. This was personal. We are missing something. We have to be." He stood up and began to pace around the room. "It sure would be a lot easier if we had her phone. There has to be something there. Anything would help at this point. A phone call, a text, a pic—Backpack! Where is her backpack?"
David ran into the kitchen where Valerie and the in-laws now sat drinking coffee. 
"Babe, did someone bring her backpack? Or is it still at school?"
"Nobody brought it here. Why?"
 "The Life360 app. Does she still have it on there? We could track it, can't we?" 
Valerie pulled out her phone, went into the app, and was able to track that day's activity.
"Let me see it." David could see that she was getting overwhelmed again. He was beginning to break, too. "It was at the school, but now it's moved away. Where is that?" He zoomed in to take a closer look at the map. "There is a pattern. It's on the bus. I bet we will find that the bus is parked where the signal last registered."
"Let's go take a look," said Sheriff Williams. "We can take my car. I can get us there faster."
As they pulled up to the location, they saw the bus. It was sitting beside a double-wide mobile home. They got out of the car, and Sheriff Williams had his gun unclipped. As they approached the front door, a motion light came on, quickly followed by a barking dog. Sheriff Williams knocked on the door. An older woman answered the door. 
"Can I help you, gentlemen?"
"Yes, ma'am. I'm Sheriff Williams. We are looking into a case, and we believe what we need is on that bus." 
"On my bus? That's odd…OH…you mean the book-bag? Kids leave things all the time. I thought it might be about that missing girl. I left it where it was at. I figured someone would be out here. I tried calling earlier and couldn’t get anyone. I'm not in trouble am I?"
"No, we just need that bag."
They walked into the bus, and on the back seat was Stephanie's bag. David knelt and grabbed it. Seeing her bag is what finally made him break. He wept uncontrollably. The sheriff left him there for a few minutes, knowing that he needed this moment. After a while, David wiped away the tears and stood up with the bag. The sheriff and David headed back to the car. 
"I was with her when we bought this bag. She hated going anywhere with us, so I bribed her. If she wanted to get the AirPods she'd been asking for, then she would go shopping with us and pretend she liked being with us. It worked. We had a great time. It was the first time in over a year I saw my wife smile like that." He looked at the bag and tears were in his eyes again. "This was the bag she chose. As much as she hated us she didn't go anywhere without this bag. It was literally always with her. That has to mean something, right?" David stopped and quickly started walking back to the porch of the woman's house.
"What's wrong," the sheriff asked.
"I literally meant literally! She literally went nowhere without this bag. How did it end up on the bus? Figure that out, and we've found a major piece to the puzzle." He glanced at the woman who was still standing on her porch. "Do you remember how this ended up on the bus?"
"Of course I do. There was an employee of the Strand Theater that brought it out. That's where we went for the field trip. I hate going there because parking is a nightmare and the other drivers aren't always that nice. Everyone is always in a hurry."
"Ma'am, do you remember anything about him," Sheriff Williams asked. "What he said? What he looked like? Anything?"
"He was a nice-looking man. I wouldn't be surprised if all the girls were crazy about him. He was probably in his twenties, but I can't say for sure. You know, men today take better care of themselves than they did before. Anyway, he walked out and stepped onto the bus. It kind of startled me because I was reading my book like I always do when—” she glanced back at her door. “Oh, Hush up! That dog drives me crazy sometimes. The guy handed me the bag and told me that the girl was sitting on the back seat. I put it there without thinking anything about it."
After talking to the woman a few more minutes, they went to the car and headed back to David's house. They wanted to wait to look through the bag. Sheriff Williams wanted to process it since this was a kidnapping, but David was adamant that he was going to look in that bag. He promised to use gloves to ensure nothing was contaminated.
It was late evening when they pulled up to the house. Most of the lights were off, but the in-laws were still awake in the living room. David and Sheriff Williams went into the office and laid the bag on the table. 
"Her phone should be here. It's odd because she always has it on her. Do you know any teenagers who don’t always have their phone glued to their hand?"
He pulled the phone out of the bag, and the screen lit up. On the screen, read the words "Find out where I met them, and you're one step closer to your daughter. Come alone."
David read the message on the screen aloud a few times, trying to make sense of it. Most of the information on the phone was wiped clean. David assumed Stephanie had been doing this for a while to prevent getting busted. He mumbled the phrase one more time as the Sheriff was going through the Shreveport files.
A voice spoke up behind them and said, "They're all party girls. That's what they have in common." David looked towards the door to see his wife standing there. She walked in and sat down beside her husband. "I've been thinking about this all evening. It's when the shock wore off that it hit me. There was a huge party that a bunch of kids had in that old abandoned building behind the GM plant. We busted her because she was drunk when she came home. Remember? Her friend, Brandi, told us everything. I bet you that's what the other missing Shreveport girls had in common."
Sheriff Williams said that they needed to put together a team to go out there, but David reminded him that he had to be alone. He agreed to wear a wire and keep the camera on his phone on, but even that made him feel uneasy. Going to an old abandoned building in the middle of the night didn't sit too well with him, either. Doing this was for his daughter, though. He was willing to put his life on the line if he had to.
After getting all wired up, David drove out to the abandoned building. The drive took a few minutes since it was on the other side of town. He printed out an aerial picture of the area, so he knew where to pull off. The small dirt road was well used. Although abandoned, it had seen some steady traffic. As he came to a stop, his heart felt like it was beating out of his chest. Slightly illuminated by the moonlight was an old, damaged, eerie looking building. From where he was parked, he could see a slight glow coming from deep within. The last words to his wife were ringing in his head.
"I love you." 
They both understood the significance of those words. It was more than just saying they loved each other. What if this were the last time David got to say or hear those words? He could see in her eyes that she thought the same thing.
David walked up to the building and tripped on some cords. He looked to see where they were coming from and saw a small solar panel. He followed the cables. As he rounded a corner, he saw a small table with a brightly shining screen. There was a flashing red light above it coming from a video camera. When he was about 10 feet away, he could see who was on the screen. It was Stephanie. 
She appeared to be tied up. Her eyes were bloodshot.
"S-s-stop. That's close enough," his daughter said with a panicked voice. "Dad, I'm safe. I-I…I can't do this."
"Read it," a distorted voice yelled out.
"I've been a bad kid. It's time I learn my place and answer for all the pain I've caused. Under the laptop is an envelope. In that envelope are specific instructions as to what to do. Y-y-you have 36 hours to complete the tasks." Stephanie began to cry, but she kept reading. "Once completed, you will be given a chance to convince me why I deserve to…" Stephanie's tears turned into wailing, and she kept saying one word. 
“No.”
After a few seconds, the screen went black, but David could still hear everything. There was the sound of a slap and then a whisper. He couldn't make out what the voice was saying. 
"Now read it," the distorted voice cried out as a picture came into view again.
"You will be given a chance to convince me why I deserve to live. Sometimes memories are the worst form of torture, and you've got plenty of them to fuel you through your journey. The clock is ticking. The question is: how much do you love me? You better get busy, d-dad. If you fail, I promise that you'll never see,” she took a deep breath and continued. “You'll never see me again. Now, off you pop. You don't want to waste any time."
There was a sound of shuffling near the camera that sounded like more than one pair of feet. Stephanie's voice came through one more time and said, "Dad, he's not—"
***Video Terminated***
Mission-ary Impossible



“Somalia? al-Shabaab? In what world do you think I would be able to get in and out without anyone knowing I was there?” Mason threw down the file folder and rubbed his temples. “Colonel Grady, this might be one of those situations where you’re putting too much faith in me.”
They sat in a slightly dingy booth in the far corner. This location was always a safe place to meet when they needed to keep things discreet. One of the best times to go was when the pub had a karaoke night. The owner of the pub was an ex-Navy SEAL who always kept a specific table clear for meetings like this one.
“I get it, Mason. This is almost impossible. And to top it off it’s going to be just you. It’s the only way we can get you inside without anyone asking too many questions. Look, this one’s personal. I need your help.” Colonel Grady looked at Mason, and the pain was evident in his eyes. “She’s my niece. What would you do if it was your niece or nephew? I told her she couldn’t go, but she wouldn’t listen. She was glowing with excitement. All for what? To bring some bibles to the people?”
“This was a mission trip? Wow...that’s intense. Didn’t you tell her they could kill her? Will, no disrespect, but you know I have to ask. How do you know she’s still alive?” 
Colonel Grady leaned back in his seat and took a sip of his beer. He slid a few pieces of folded up paper across the table. “I have a guy on the inside. Technically, it's one of the three people that went with her. He’s just a regular dude, nothing like you. He will do anything I ask him to. He’s only got one skill, staying invisible. He told me where they’re holding her. Somehow he got a quick glimpse of her about 13 hours ago. The coordinates are on the picture. We don’t know much more about the location. You’re practically going in blind.” 
Mason knew he was going to say no. Now that he was retired, he could pick and choose whether he took a job or not. This job was almost impossible; he was definitely going to decline. 
Take the job. I will protect you.
Mason took a look around. There wasn’t anyone close enough to have said that. He looked farther over to his left at an extremely drunk man as he sang what he thinks was a Johnny Cash song. 
I will protect you as I’ve protected her. It’s time that you put all your trust in Me. You will come back home.
“Colonel Grady,” Mason hesitated as he shook his head in disbelief. “I can’t believe I am saying this, but...I...yeah, I will do this. I’m your guy. You know where to send the money. I need to be gone by morning.” 
Mason stood up and walked to the bar. He looked at the bartender and said, “Hey, I think I owe you for two Diet Cokes.”
“Your money's no good here, brother. You know that.” 
“Well, here’s $20 to stop that man from singing. Man in Black is one of my favorite Cash songs, and he almost made my ears bleed. Tell him to have a couple of cups of coffee on me.” 
Mason’s plane had touched down five hours ago. It took him a while to get through customs. With his hair pulled into a ponytail and his reading glasses on, he convinced them he was a professor of cultural anthropology who had a long time interest in Somalia. He used some fake papers that spelled out everything he would be studying while he was there. Mason made a big deal about their culture and how excited he was to study the people, their food, their music, and so much more. He described everything as a trip of a lifetime and that he was lucky that the college would pay for everything. Before he left the holding room, he was able to get a list of their favorite places to eat and must-see spots while in Somalia. 
The room that Mason booked was three blocks from the address Colonel Grady gave him. He was sitting in a small restaurant eating some sambusa and drinking Somali chai tea. On the top page, he was taking notes about the food, drink, and the environment, all while wearing a huge smile. So far, he was pulling off the professor role very well. On one of the back pages, he was taking notes about the traffic, how many people had guns, how many women and children there were, and anything else he found pertinent to his mission. 
Later that evening, he met Ian, the young man who had been passing along the information. Ian had been doing much more than just staying invisible. He had been timing the activity at the entrance of the facility where Rachel, the Colonel’s niece, was being held. 
Mason spent the night watching and figuring out what to do. The place wasn’t as heavily guarded as he thought it would be. He noticed there was a utility truck making regular visits in and out of the location. From what he found inside the truck, he guessed this person was doing some electrical work. 
The night had finally come. Mason spent a little over 3 hours underneath the utility truck scheduled to be back at the compound. Once they got inside the gate, Mason quickly found cover in a pile of rubble that looked like the remains of an old storage building. It was in these ruins where he waited for most of the day until night fell. 
At 1800 hours, Mason noticed a luxury car pull into the compound.
“Is she in there,” questioned the man in a thick Arabic accent. “Is she clean? I said I wanted her clean for this evening. She better not have any marks on her. I want her to look pure for tonight.” He made a crude sexual motion as all the men laughed at him. “You can do what you want after I leave. Make sure to take pictures. I want to send a message to anyone else who dares bring that trash bible into my country.” 
The men walked inside. Mason got a sickening feeling in his stomach, but he was also relieved. That crude gesture was good news because not only was she alive, but it sounded like they were taking good care of her. He knew he had to act quickly. He ran to the rear of the building where there were only two guards, and he waited. They would be making their rounds shortly.
The two men put out their cigarettes and headed in opposite directions. Mason was lying on top of a wall that surrounded the west side of the building. When the man walked past him, he silently jumped down, ran behind the man, then quickly put the man down. The move was always a quick one. Before joining the SEAL’s, Mason assumed that snapping the neck was how all SEAL’s killed their enemy. That was further from reality. He learned this method was a quick motion that ensured silence; the enemy wouldn’t make any noise. Mason hid the body on top of the wall in the same spot where he had been hiding earlier. 
“Make sure to have his vehicle ready,” said a voice from inside the backdoor. “You know he hates to wait. You should’ve left it there and waited for him.” 
The men left each other, and Mason quickly made his way into the building. By watching the direction of the men when they first arrived and keeping up with shadows, he knew he had to make it to the other side of the building.
It took about 12 minutes to make it without being seen. One young kid looked in his direction, but they didn’t seem to respond. Mason’s heart sank because he was sure someone would soon learn of him being there.
Finally, Mason found the man who pulled up in the car. He hadn’t made it to the room yet. There was a joyous lump in his throat. He hoped he would be able to get her before anything terrible happened. There was only one door in the hallway that had light coming through the bottom. He opened the door and silently crept in. 
There on the bed was Rachel. 
Rachel laid there with her hands tied to the headboard. A slight trail of blood trickled down her right wrist. Mason assumed this was from her trying to free herself.
“Rachel, please try to remain calm. Your Uncle Will sent me.” 
A look of excitement came over her. She was trying to say something, but the gag was keeping her quiet. As soon as Mason made his way to Rachel, there was noise coming from outside the door. Mason looked at Rachel, giving her the sign to remain silent. He quickly got under the bed and stabled his breathing. In walked the man who gloated that he would have her this evening. Although he could only see the boots, Mason was having a hot flash due to the anger he was feeling.
“You’re bleeding,” he exclaimed as if he cared. “Let me clean that up for you. I am sorry they put these on so tight, but we can’t have you running off.” 
He took a wet cloth and wiped the blood from her wrist. He then took a knife from the table next to the bed and cut away the gag. 
“I also apologize for the gag. That was unnecessary. I understand you’ve been very cooperative. That’s good.” He lightly rubbed the knife across the side of her face. “I’ve never had someone as pretty as you willingly come into my area. Why would you risk your life for a book? Do you know what happens to people who are caught? We kill them. I’ve learned to keep the pretty ones. I guess you could say you’re the lucky one.”
Mason looked towards the dresser and could barely see the distorted reflection of what was happening through a metal vase. The man stood up and began to get undressed. As he was bending down to take off his pants, Mason quickly rolled out from under the bed and seized the knife from the man’s hands. He shoved the knife into the man’s side, which made him stumble and fall. 
Mason quickly untied Rachel. 

“Are you okay to run? We have to get out of here. It’s only a matter of time before someone knows what happened.” 
“It’s too late for that,” said the man, who was trying to stand up. He was leaning against the wall, trying to support his body weight. His gasps of pain were like music to Rachel’s ears. Then they saw something in his hands. It looked like a small radio. 
“In a few seconds, my men will be in here. And you know what?” He pointed towards Rachel. “I am not going to kill you immediately. And I’m going to make you watch, you filthy pig.” 
As they were standing there, they heard footsteps coming down the hallway. The windows were barred, which ruled out escaping that way. The door flew open, and five men stood there with guns drawn.
Mason’s heart raced. He was out of options. Rachel’s screams were almost deafening. Mason’s world seemed to be quickly fading away. The room began to spin. He had faced death before, but it was never like this. He fell to his knees and looked over to Rachel, who had a smile on her face. She was praying.
“Thank you, Father. Thank you.
Of all the places in the world Mason had been, never had he ever seen anything as beautiful as this moment. An overwhelming feeling washed over him. He was at peace. For the first time in many years, he was finally at peace. 
“Jesus!” Mason yelled out as he raised his hands in complete surrender. It wasn’t the surrender to these men, but instead, it was to a higher power. “I give you my life—all of it. You can have everything. I’m ready!”
***CRASH***
There was a lot of commotion as an intense light engulfed the entire room. The light was far brighter than any flash grenade that Mason had ever encountered. He began to focus on the sounds instead. 
“Not possible,” the men shouted. “What is that? Shoot it! Shoot it!”

Bad Copy



It had been 23 years since Clint and his sister, Natalie, had stepped foot in the house where they grew up. There were so many horrible memories of this place. It took all of those 23 years for them to heal from the wounds inflicted at this house. The echoes of abuse still invaded their memories from time to time, but they had learned to cope; they found peace in never coming back. They made a pact when they were eight years old to do everything they could never to return. They didn’t want to face what was ahead of them. Not today, not like this. 
It’s not always true that twins are close to each other, but in this case, they were almost as close as siblings could be. Most didn’t know they were twins, due to the fact they almost looked nothing alike. In fact, if a person didn’t know any better, they would never even know they were related. The two of them had always been the best of friends, and this included their adult lives. 
It was almost inevitable that they would be this close as siblings. Growing up in their environment wasn’t easy. They were never allowed to have friends, allowed to go outside, or do much of anything. Without each other, life would have been unbearable. 
Their mother would belittle the two of them on an almost daily basis. Her eyes seemed to exude anger that never ceased. Clint had always felt compelled to be the protector. He never really saw this trait as a good thing; it was more of a compulsion to keep his sister safe. Clint would almost always find a way to take the blame for anything that might set their mother off and cause more abuse. 
“I knew it was you” and “You’re just like your father” were common insults their mother would hurl at Clint regularly. He usually just went with it and tried to ignore the onslaught of verbal abuse. Eventually, the insults began to sink in. To hear the words “I hate you” is painful enough, but how is one to respond when it comes from their own mother?
Here they stood. The house, while it wasn’t that large, carried with it a frightening presence. The yard was barren; the only thing left that had any life were a few weeds growing around the front gate. 
Clint and Natalie stared at the gate latch. The nervousness made it seem as if they were waiting for their mother to walk out any minute. They made eye contact, and neither one said anything. Nothing had to be said. They knew that they would eventually have to go in, but for a few minutes, they just wanted to take it all in.
“Well, we can’t stand here all day,” Clint finally said while letting out a heavy sigh. “This place isn’t going to pack up itself.” He glanced at Natalie, who was trying to hide the tears welling up in her eyes. 
“Hey, we got this,” he continued. “Can you give me one day of doing this?”
“That’s one day too many,” Natalie responded. “Do you understand how hard this is? Aren’t you even the slightest bit nervous? I mean…you could show a little fear.”
Clint put his hand on her shoulder and said, “I guess old habits die hard, don’t they? I feel like I have to be the strong one.” He kicked a rock at his feet and reached for the latch. “Hey, and trust me! I’m freaking out on the inside. Walking through the gate is difficult enough. Imagine turning the handle on the front door!” 
“Yeah, I’ve been thinking about that. You know what,” Natalie said with a forced smile. “We have faced worse. I mean, how bad can this really be? It’s just a bunch of old and outdated crap anyway. And it’s not like she can hurt us anymore, right?”
“I got your back, sis.”
The front door opened, and although it was stale, the smell of that old house was familiar. Clint opened up a few windows while Natalie stood at the entrance for a few minutes as she tried to gain her composure. The furniture hadn’t moved, the pictures were all the same, and all the knick-knacks were still perfectly placed as they had always been. There was a thick layer of dust on everything. It had taken Clint and Natalie about three months to find time to make it back since their mother passed away. Standing in the living room and seeing all the stuff made it more difficult for them.
Natalie shook her head as if shaking away the negative thoughts, clapped her hands loudly, and said, “Let’s do this! Where do we start?”
They filled the next few hours with putting together boxes and moving furniture, and had very little time to think about where they were. The quicker they packed things away, the more rewarding it felt. It seemed like each box they packed brought on a new sense of freedom, a new level of letting go. While neither of them admitted it, they were having a good time. 
What was more surprising to them were the good memories that were surfacing from the dust-filled junk. They found themselves laughing several times uncontrollably throughout the day. As they pressed on, it was turning out to be a pretty good day. That’s when they faced an entirely new challenge.
They had to clear out their mother's room.
Natalie was the first one standing at the door of the room. She slowly pushed the door open. It felt as though all the happiness in the world had been depleted. Clint walked into the room with Natalie, and he dropped the broken down boxes on the bed. 
“Nat, all we have to do is pack up this room and we’re finally done. There isn’t much in here. I kind of expected more.” He looked around to survey the room further. “All we have to do is pack up the clothes and deliver them to that battered women’s shelter you were telling me about the other day. Assuming you still wanted to do that. Do you think–”
“Clint,” Natalie interrupted. “Does it feel…I don’t know…different in here to you? I’ve never had such a strong feeling of...” Natalie plopped down on the floor next to the dresser. “I hate that I am saying this, but it feels evil. Maybe I’m just letting everything get to me.”
“No way,” Clint replied. “You’re spot on! I wasn’t going to say anything, but dang it feels eerily evil in here. I got a chill when we first walked in. It’s not like we were allowed to come in here. The stupid door was always locked.”
“Hey,” Natalie said with a slight giggle to her voice. “Remember that one time–”
“When mom caught me trying to unlock her door? All because of what?” Clint shot a sarcastic stare in Natalie’s direction. “You convinced me that we needed to get in there. Holy crap, how could I forget? That was the worst beating of my life! I mean…it might be funny now, but it sure wasn’t back then. If there was one thing you could count on, it was you getting me in a heck of a lot of trouble.”
Natalie threw a pillow at Clint, nearly missing his head as they went back to cleaning. They spent a few minutes emptying the dresser drawers, putting away clothing, safely wrapping the small breakables, and going through the jewelry. Finally, packing the house was coming to an end, and, according to Clint, it couldn’t have come at a better time. 
Clint was finishing up in the large walk-in closet when he spotted something odd. There was a flashing light coming from a crack at the end of the closet.
“Ummm…Nat? Can you come in here with me? I think I found something. I don’t want to look without you just in case something jumps out and kills me.”
“And you want me there for that,” Natalie questioned. “Thanks a lot! What happened to you being my protector?”
“I’m serious. Just come in here and help me, please.”
Natalie walked in the closet to see Clint holding a large wood panel. She quickly helped him put it aside. They both stood there for a few moments staring at the small hidden room that the panel had been hiding. Stacked along one side of the wall were shelves of VHS tapes. On the other wall was an old television that was flashing from a blank screen to a bright blue color. Clint saw a light switch to the left of the small opening and turned it on. 
“I think we just entered into a whole new world of creepy,” Natalie joked as she walked towards the shelves. “Are we supposed to be scared? Are you scared? Because I’m freaking out a little bit.”
“Nat, look at the labels. What the heck are these? Old home videos? And why are they hiding in a room we didn’t even know existed? What the heck was wrong with that woman?” Clint huffed as he looked around the small room. “I have so many questions.”
While Clint was looking at the tapes, Natalie sat in a swivel office chair and proceeded to open the boxes that were beside the shelf. 
“What does ‘Bad Copies’ mean?” Natalie held up one of the tapes to show Clint. “Oh, my God! Do you remember this? It’s our eighth birthday. That’s when we got our first real bikes! Remember, you wanted the blue and yellow bike with lightning on the side? Let’s see how bad this copy is. Unless I’m suffering from cerebral flatulence, I think this was one of the good years.”
Natalie put the tape in and pushed play.
Young Natalie and Clint were sitting at the table with their eyes closed, waiting on their bikes. The few friends they had that were there gawked at the bikes. The school librarian, who Natalie had invited, was standing in the corner with a smile on her face. The grainy video showed an environment that was full of joy. This video couldn’t be a “bad copy” as the VHS said on the label.
As they watched the video, Natalie began to get tears in her eyes. Instead of dreading coming back home, she was finally feeling a sense of thankfulness. However, Clint felt as if something was off about the video.
“Hey, pause it real quick.” Clint looked at Natalie and continued. “Doesn’t this seem odd to you? Look at the angle of the video. It’s coming from high above like it’s a security camera. We don’t have security cameras. Or have I completely lost my mind?”
“Stop ruining this moment, Clint! This party was the only real birthday we ever had that I can recall. Let me enjoy the moment before you go full-on inspector on it.”
Natalie pushed play, and they continued to watch. It was about three more minutes when the tape began to have problems. Something about the way it messed up seemed off, but Clint didn’t interrupt the moment. Finally, it was coming to an end when Clint stepped in.
“Do me a favor. Rewind it to the part where it went all glitchy,” Clint asked. “I want to look at something. Something isn’t right. The tape isn’t all messed up as it should be, not how most tapes mess up anyway. You know what I mean?”
“Nope. Clint, does anyone ever know what you mean? I am your twin sister, and I don’t get – OUCH!” Natalie rubbed her arm as she looked up at Clint. “Why did you hit me? That was a joke.”
Clint laughed and said, “And so was that punch. Keep on, and I will make it a lot worse. Now, rewind the tape.”
They reached the part where the twins had their eyes closed waiting in anticipation when the glitch came on the screen for about 30 seconds.
“Go back,” Clint barked. “And pause it at the point where it starts to glitch.”
With the tape paused, Clint began to play the tape clip by clip. Clint pulled back as Natalie gasped. He was right in assuming the glitch wasn’t normal. On the screen was a picture of a man and words across the bottom like it was closed captioning.
“Go through each section a little quicker,” Clint said as he pointed at the screen. “I don’t think this is a double exposure type of thing. It’s something different. I think it’s intentional.”
“Yeah, but I have to admit,” Natalie said reluctantly. “I don’t know if I want to know anything. Can’t we just pack all this crap away and be done. I’m okay forgetting everything.”
“No, I have to know what this is. Play it back, please. Make sure we can read everything.”
As Natalie pushed next repeatedly, they saw the man cut in and out of the video. Each time he was displaying another part of the message. Clint quickly grabbed his cell phone and opened up his notes. 
“Start over. All of those messages go together,” Clint pointed to the corner of the monitor. “Each time he comes up, there is a number in the corner. It changes each time. I am going to write it down.” 
After a few minutes of going through the video, Clint realized that the numbers were out of order. He was unsure of why they were there, but he proceeded to jot them down.
“What? How does? That’s not,” Clint mumbled. “Were we supposed to be here? Did they know? But who is ‘they’? What the heck is this?”
Natalie tapped Clint on the shoulder and said, “Do you mind filling me in?”
He handed her his phone and told her to read everything in proper numerical order. Each line said:
4. your mother. You are being
6. They know who you are!
1. If you’re seeing this
5. watched by something else.
3. little time. She isn’t
2. then you have very
“Clint,” Natalie yelled. “What does it mean by ‘something?’ Why didn’t it say ‘someone?’ I don’t like this. I have no idea what this means.”
They allowed the video to keep playing when it finally came to an end. The tape automatically ejected, and Natalie threw it in the box along with the others. Clint looked in the box then said, “All of these say the same thing after the title. They all say ‘Bad Copy.’ What does that mean?”
They sat there in silence trying to figure out what to do when the screen started rapidly flashing more than it had been when they had first walked in. Natalie let out a whimper and started to roll her chair away from the screen. They both stared at the screen with the same fear in their eyes. Suddenly appearing on the screen were seven words that scared both of them.  
The message read, “Grab the box of tapes and RUN!”
Reckoning Day



The storm grew more and more intense as the rain pounded the pavement like water anvils. As Jayden looked at the skyline, all he could see was black. The clouds were so dark it made this midday Tuesday seem like it was late evening. Jayden thought it was befitting, given his current mood. Today was a day of reckoning. He gathered his forearm crutches and made his way to his Uber, who had just arrived. He was greeted by a man named Asim, who gladly opened the door for him and helped him into the car.
“This kind of storm is rare,” Asim said as he glanced at Jayden through the rearview mirror. “I’ve been driving for ten years, and I’ve only seen this kind of storm a few times.”
“Hey, Asim? Do you mind,” Jayden paused. “I hate to sound rude. Look, you seem like a nice man, but do you mind if we ride in silence for a bit? I’m going over today's game plan in my head. It’s an important meeting. Everything has to be perfect.”
“Oh...yes, sir. I don’t mind at all. I had a meeting once at a law firm. I had to give my testimony to a case I was involved in. I was waiting to pick someone up when over to my right, a guy…” 
Asim continued to tell his story, but Jayden didn’t listen. He put on his headset and cranked up the music. Today’s music choice was Norse Folk on his music app. Jayden was always listening to music. As a freelance comic book artist, he found that it was easier to concentrate when listening to whatever music best fit the situation. “Life has a soundtrack, and today’s soundtrack is      ,” is something he wrote on the fridge. He filled in the blank with the day's playlist. He lived with two other artists and felt his musical contribution was priceless. They didn’t seem to care, but Jayden wrote it up there daily anyway. 
Every morning Jayden visited the homeless who lived under a bridge a few blocks away. There was a bagel shop that donated unsold bagels late at night, so Jayden would take those and pass them out. He considered a lot of these people family. In a lot of ways they were the only family he had. Sometimes he used some of their background stories in his writings. The people in that community had some heartbreaking stories, but Jayden didn’t mind hearing them. He found out quickly that the only thing most of them wanted was for someone to stop and acknowledge them. 
His favorite person was a man named Jerry. Jerry was also known as Benjamin, Homer, Damon, Chris, and many other names. Every few weeks, the man would change his name. Jayden, as well as everyone else in the community, just learned to adapt. On this day, he was Jerry. 
“Hey,” Jayden would yell out as he rounded the corner. “What’s your name today?” 
“What’s my name today? My name is Jerry, and it’s always been Jerry. You should learn some respect. Isn’t that in the Good Book? You gotta respect your old people or something like that? You need to learn to respect me. I’ll whoop up on you.”
The bond between the two of them was much more than a friendship. Jayden found out that Jerry never had a family. He took it upon himself to be like a son to him, making as many memories together as he could. 
One of the things Jayden also organized was bi-weekly haircuts for the people in the homeless community. This happened because of Jerry. When they first met Jerry had long matted hair and a patchy beard. When Jayden took him to get a haircut, the people refused to help him due to his hygiene. Jerry had a unique smell about him that a lot of people couldn't get past. Jayden approached several hairdressers in the area that were happy to volunteer their time. This community effort allowed Jerry and the other people under the bridge to keep freshly shaved and clean-cut.
“Why are you taking care of me like this,” Jerry asked. “Most people don’t even see us. And here you are just givin’ all your time away. Why?”
“Jerry, because I saw a need. You should have seen your ugly mug before you got your haircut. You were scaring people away. What if I bring a girl down here with me one day? I can’t let you scare off all the ladies.”
Jerry let out a loud laugh and jovially yelled back, “Yeah, right! You meetin’ a girl? I doubt we’ll ever see that day.” 
Jayden and Jerry were close; their bond was special.
A week before today, Jayden buried Jerry. Burying his friend, burying his family, was by far one of the worst days of his life. He buried a piece of his heart that day. Jayden canceled all his drawing commissions and spent his time asking questions. He was determined to find out why Jerry died. 
The images of that morning ran through Jayden’s mind. As far as he knew, the police didn’t necessarily mind the homeless people being there. With all the work Jayden was doing in the community, they had seen a decrease in crime rates. All the people in that area were happier, not just the homeless. The cops weren’t getting any answers, and they had been asking around. Jayden knew that most homeless people don’t speak to the police.  
All of these people were comfortable talking to Jayden. There was a group of men who had been bothering the homeless community for weeks. He couldn’t believe Jerry never said anything. The only thing the police could get was a picture of the front of the vehicle that was parked there around the same time as the beating. There were no identifying marks. 
Jayden found out from one of the other homeless people that these men were sometimes with the owner of the real estate powerhouse who was trying to rebuild the area. Usually, the hired hands would just come through and trash the makeshift shelters. They would throw out some threats and tell the homeless they had to leave. This time they went too far.
Jayden found out that the men showed up to trash the place as usual. Jerry tried to stand up to them because they were picking on a young lady who was new to their community. Because of that, they began to beat him. After a few minutes, they took off when they realized Jerry wasn’t moving. Jerry had passed away.
The next morning Jayden rounded the corner and yelled out to Jerry, as usual. This time he was quickly greeted by a group of homeless people. They all flocked to him. With fear and sorrow, they filled Jayden in on everything they saw. 
On the day Jayden buried Jerry, he got a call from a friend of his. They found out who owned most of the buildings in that area. Apparently, the owner was known for cutting a lot of corners. The problem is that nobody said anything because he was rebuilding most of the lower-income areas. From the outside looking in, this guy looked like a saint. Several stories from the renters were circulating about the men who “don’t technically work for the company.” These men were known for strong-arming the renters into paying extra.
Jayden had become obsessed with bringing justice. It was beginning to consume his every waking moment. Nobody else appeared to be doing anything about the social injustice in this neighborhood. Instead of justice, this crooked real estate owner was reaping the financial benefits of being evil.
“Okay...this looks like it. Kakos Realty? Isn’t that where you were going?” Asim looked at Jayden with a huge smile. Jayden was so lost in thought that he forgot he was even riding in a car with someone. “Are you in real estate? I was thinking about getting into it myself. The guy who owns our house has a warehouse for sale. I bet I could turn that into a nice business. Maybe you could…” 
Jayden put his hand on Asim’s shoulder and said, “Asim, never change who you are.” Jayden let out a slight chuckle as he continued. “I like you. You talk a lot, but I like you, nonetheless. Our world needs more people like you. You know what? You should totally buy that building.” Jayden got out of the car as the rain poured down, leaned back down, and said, “Did you know your name means defender? You should look into making that building into something that defends the homeless; you should help them. I know a few good people who could use your help. Just a thought.” He closed the door and made his way towards the front door of Kakos Realty.
Jayden opened the large glass doors and walked towards the front desk. In large glowing letters behind a frazzled-looking receptionist was the name of the realty company. Next to it was a large picture of their owner, Davin Berman. The man in the picture had slicked-back black hair and a horrible spray tan. 
“Can I help you, sir,” the receptionist asked without looking up from her computer. “Do you have an appointment?”
“Yeah, I am here to meet with Mr. Berman about a rental property. He has me scheduled for…”
“11 o’clock, I believe.” A loud booming voice came from the elevator as it was opening. “You are a prompt man, Mr...” He held out his hand to greet Jayden as he waited for a response. 
“Jayden. Just call me Jayden. Sorry if I’m getting your floor wet. It’s a little difficult carrying an umbrella with these things attached to my forearms.”
“I am so sorry about that. It’s hard to get good help these days. Somebody should have helped you with that.” David looked over to his receptionist. A look of fear came over her. “I should have an extra towel in my office bathroom. Follow me. Would you like anything to drink? Coffee? Water? Something harder, perhaps?” 
“No. I’m fine. I would just like to find a place to sit down if that’s okay.”
David looked back at his receptionist and, with an almost evil look, whispered, “I’m not afraid to get rid of you, too. Don’t forget that. You’re lucky I even let you have this job. Clean that floor before someone else sees it.” 
The office was on the second floor and overlooked the lobby. All around Mr. Berman’s office were pictures of him with government officials and celebrities. There was a picture with former Mayor Rudy Giuliani, Derek Jeter, Olivia Wilde, and many more. The desk that David sat behind was enormous. Once again, it was apparent that David was making a power statement. Sitting on a larger table to the right was a stack of blueprints. Jayden was trying to get a glimpse of the plans to see if any of them were of the property near the homeless community. 
“I doubt any of those are what you’re looking for. We’ve leased out most of those. Once we clean up the area, we will be able to move forward a little faster. That shouldn’t take long. I have a pretty good crew who does all that for me.”
“I actually have a question about that, if you don’t mind me asking. If I am going to purchase a property from you, how would we clean up the area, as you stated? I have concerns about some of the people in the area I’m looking at.” Jayden paused because his heart rate was elevating rapidly. He took a deep breath and continued. “I am looking for a rather smooth transition. I just don’t want any problems is all. I’m sure you can understand that.”
A grin came across David’s face as he leaned forward on his desk. “Well, as I stated before, I have a cleanup crew. We can easily clean up the trash. I pay the crew very well to do their jobs. We don’t like for there to be any loose ends. They should be coming in any second now. I want you to meet them. They’re anxious to meet you.”
“To meet me,” Jayden questioned. “Oh, I see. It would seem as if you were expecting me.” 
The door behind Jayden opened as the men walked in. They dressed in all black suits, and most of them had the same buzz-cut hair. These were the muscles one would expect for someone like Mr. Berman to keep on hand. Jayden sat back in his seat and looked back to the desk.
“Speaking of cleaning up, they just finished cleaning up one of our properties. I believe you’re familiar with that one. We ran into a slight snag, but it’s nothing we can’t handle.” Everyone, including Mr. Berman, laughed. “I think I’ll leave you alone with my clean up crew, so if you’ll excuse me. I don’t like watching these things. Gives me a queasy stomach.” 
As Mr. Berman was about to walk out, he looked at the man closest to his desk and said, “Could you please try not to make a mess. I just had the floors done.”
The doors quickly shut. One of the men pushed a button that immediately made the glass go from transparent to being completely blacked out. 
“Whoa! That’s a pretty cool feature,” Jayden said sarcastically. “I will definitely make sure to add that to my office if I ever get one. How much do you think that costs? I bet it costs a fortune.” 
“For you, Mr. Roslin, that will not be something to worry about.”
“No? Hmmm. Oh well. Guys, I have a confession to make. I was hoping to meet you,” Jayden said as he slowly stood up. “You know what’s interesting? Nobody questions a man wearing forearm crutches.” He twisted the forearm braces and the ends fell off, showing a sword in each one. 
“You bring a sword to a gunfight,” one of the men scoffed. “You’re a brave little man. I’ll make sure to–”
“I just had these made as a prop for something I was working on. Pretty cool, aren't they,” he questioned as he admired the long, slender blades. “For what it’s worth, and I’m sure this doesn’t matter to any of you, but that old man was the closest thing to family I’ve ever had. He was a father to everyone in that community.” Jayden slowly stood up and faced the men. “Well, let’s get this party started. I have bagels to deliver. To make this easier, which one of you took out Jerry? We need to talk first.”
The receptionist heard a lot of noise, but it didn’t seem to last very long. She worked on a “don’t ask, don’t tell” policy, which Mr. Berman made sure was strictly enforced. When she heard the elevator open, she glanced over hesitantly, expecting to see the thugs returning from their meeting. She wasn’t a fan of the clean up crew. To her surprise, she saw Jayden. He walked over to the front desk and noticed what seemed to be a hand mark across the left side of her face. 
“He’s been talking about you, you know,” she said with a slight quiver in her voice. “You should know that I love what you’re doing for those people. When I heard what happened to the elderly gentleman, I about cried. Did you know your story was on the news?” She took a deep breath to compose herself and grabbed a folder to her right. “I took the liberty of making a few copies for you. You’ll find everything you need in those folders. I’ve been saving those for a while. I think you’ll find the last few pages the most interesting.” 
With a smile and a wink, he shoved the paperwork into his coat pocket. Before he opened the door, he lit his cigarette, buttoned his coat, then walked out into the rain without saying a word.
The Last Lord’s Prayer



“Our Father, which art in heaven…”
“Rabbi, you hear me? You can’t do any of this prayer crap,” the elderly gentleman, Jim, said as they casually sat on a park bench. “I don’t have to remind you of why this is priority numero uno. Oh…” He looked at Arthur and slid an envelope in his direction. “And congrats. I know this means a lot to you. Not everyone gets closure.”
Arthur Romero was better known as Rabbi to all his coworkers. He had a reputation of being a methodical and conscientious man. As Arthur was about to finish a job, he would always pray The Lord’s Prayer with the person before taking their life. He had been asked once by his connection how he justified killing. He simply looked at himself as the avenger; he was setting things right in this messed up world.
After his connection left, Arthur opened the envelope. In the envelope was one single photo of a woman. She appeared to be in her late 30’s. She was walking a dog, which gave him comfort that she was most likely living in the area. Written underneath the photo was “Norwood Dog Park, Chicago, IL.”
“Chicago,” muttered Arthur to himself. “I wonder why such a large city?”
The woman in the picture was Brianna Coleman. Although she was known by several other names, Brianna was the name everyone knew her by when she worked at the agency. Arthur had never met her before because of the rules that came along with being an assassin. He not only noticed she had an athletic build and was incredibly gorgeous, but she seemed to be happy. It’s no wonder she was known for being so well-liked. According to his connection, Brianna brought a sense of joy to the office. For them, that was a big deal considering their line of business. 
“…hallowed be thy name…”
After arriving in Chicago, it only took Arthur 2 days to locate Brianna. Every day around the same time, she would walk her dog at the same park. She would take a different way home each time, occasionally stopping to take pictures. He decided to use the park as his way of meeting her.
“…Thy kingdom come…”
Arthur was having trouble sleeping. Memories of his sister, Val, caused him to toss and turn. It had been 11 years since her death.
“I’m sorry, Mr. Romero. It looked like a break-in. She was the only one home at the time…” 
Everything the authorities told him after that was a blur. He spent the next few weeks going through Val’s belongings, taking care of family matters, and trying to figure out what happened to her. The cops, although they were helpful, couldn’t provide a lot of information about what happened. Everything about the break-in was relatively clean. He did the only thing he knew how to do; he reached out to his connection. He wasn’t ready for what he received. 
“…Thy will be done on earth, as it is in heaven…”
An agent had gone rogue. They couldn’t provide a lot of information beyond that.
“Her name is Brianna Coleman. It’s come as a shock to all of us,” Jim said grimly. “I wasn’t her connection in the agency. She was…umm…she seemed like a good person. You know, given the nature of what we do and all.”
“Where is she,” Arthur asked abruptly with rage in his voice. “Tell me where she is.”
Jim shifted in his seat and replied, “That’s the problem. We don’t know. She left with some clothing, and that’s about it. If we hear–” 
“Stop,” Arthur interrupted. “Just stop and listen to me. If you or anyone else is protecting this Brianna Coleman, understand that I will end all of you. Nobody is safe. Why Val, Jim?” Arthur was on the brink of tearing up. “Why her? What did she do? None of this makes sense. You know, I told her I was going to retire early so we could all be together again.”
“…Give us this day, our daily bread…”
It had been 11 years since that happened. Now Arthur could finally look into the eyes of this woman; he could finally look into the eyes of Val’s murderer. He placed an ad on a local dog forum.
“Need a dog walker for cheap? I adore animals and would love to meet your little companion. Since I can’t have animals at my apartment, I am opening up my spare time to walk a few dogs. I won’t charge too much, considering you’d be doing me the bigger favor. You can reach me at…”
It didn’t take too long before he got several replies. After meeting with 18 people, he settled on the three that best fit his time frame. Now all he would have to do was wait for the perfect moment.
Arthur went to the park every day, making sure to alternate which dog he took with him. Every so often, he would walk past Brianna, but he made sure to keep it to a smile and a nod. He was playing the long game. Since this was personal, everything had to be perfect.
“…And forgive us our debt, as we forgive our debtors…”
Arthur was walking a Yorkshire terrier named Oliver when he finally decided he was going to talk to Brianna. He started walking towards her when the nerves hit him. It was unlike him to be nervous since nerves got in the way and clouded judgment. He took a few deep breaths and continued towards her. As he got close enough, their eyes met, and they briefly exchanged the same smile they had the days prior.
“Geez! I’m so sorry,” Arthur said as he tripped and collided with her. “Leave it to me to try to maim the prettiest girl out here. Are you okay?” 
“I’m fine,” Brianna said with excitement. “I’m just in shock that you finally spoke. I was beginning to wonder if I had done something to turn you off. I mean, I love your smile and all, but talking to you would be a lot better.”
A boyish grin came across his face as he replied, “Yeah, my bad. I wanted to talk to you before, but as you’ve had the pleasure to experience, I’m not exactly the most graceful person. I get a little nervous. And by a little, I mean a lot.” 
“Well, it’s nice to finally meet you. I’m Ashley.” She reached out her hand to shake his. “And you are?
“Oh…I’m Glen. I’ve always liked the name Ashley. I had a friend in high school with that name. She used to make fun of my lack of skills.” He chuckled lightly and continued, “I’m afraid to say not a lot has changed over the years. Are you from here? I’m hoping to find a tour guide to show me around.”
“I grew up here. My mother and I used to live in the Norwood Park area,” she said as she gave a playful smile. “And I won’t make fun of your lack of skills. You might think you lack grace, but you have more than most. Somehow you’ve already asked me out on a date.” His face turned red. “You know what, though? I don’t mind. It would be nice to have someone to eat with finally. Dining alone isn’t that much fun. People have begun to look at me strangely at the Italian place near my house. It would be nice to show them I know how to be human for once.”
Arthur let out a genuine laugh, which caught him off guard. Was he enjoying this? He couldn’t help but admire how good she was at being so nice. His anger subsided some as they continued talking. He found himself hanging on every word she said. Each time he looked into her eyes, the more he almost felt sorry for her. He didn’t see beauty. Pain and loneliness filled her eyes. These feelings were something he related to, which comes with their line of work.
“…And lead us not into temptation…”
It had been two days since they met in the park. They texted almost continuously during that time apart. She talked about her mother, family, friends, and everything about life in the big city. Her story was strong, but he wouldn’t allow himself to get too attached. On his lock screen was a picture of his sister. Her image was an intentional move on his part. Whenever he opened his phone to read a text, he would see that picture. It was his reminder of why he was there.
Arthur was busy getting his plans ready. Although she was a professional like himself, he knew he would only need a few necessary supplies. They agreed that tonight was the best night to go out. As he got ready to leave, the same nerves from their first meeting were back.
“Get it together,” Arthur growled to himself as he stared in the mirror.
He decided to carry a small leather shoulder bag with him. It went with his overall aesthetic, although it wasn’t usually his style. The bag would allow him to carry his supplies. He had some rope, thin wire wrapped around two steel handles, gloves, duct tape, and, most importantly, a picture of his sister. He made sure to include some basics in case she asked why it was needed. He had a phone charger and some hand sanitizer. He would just tell her it was easier than putting everything in his pocket.
She met him in the downstairs lobby of his apartment building.
“Wow,” Arthur loudly exclaimed. “You look stunning. Like, you are unbelievably gorgeous. Wow.” 
“Thank you, but how bad did I look the other day?” 
“That’s not,” Arthur could feel his face getting flush. “Dang it…that’s not what I–”
“Hey,” she interrupted. “I’m kidding. I’m glad you noticed. I put a lot of effort into looking this good. You better say something. So we agreed to go to that Italian place, right? I know I go there a lot, but I bet you’ve never had anything as good as this place. Everything they do is authentic. My mother loved Italian food.” 
They made their way to the restaurant, and she was right. The food was better than anything he had. He found himself wishing circumstances were different. They seemed to mesh on every level. So what if the stories concocted of who they were weren’t true? There was something about their chemistry that seemed perfect.
“If you don’t mind me asking, where is your mother? I can’t help but notice that you talk about her a lot.”
“I don’t mind, but this might get a little awkward. She passed away about 11 years ago. I was going through a lot at the time.” An intense sadness came over her. “I feel the need to warn you that I’ve been through a lot. If you really care to get to know me, then you’re in for a whirlwind of a story.”
Hearing her words and the timing made him wince. The words left a sting, a reminder that he had to stay on task. This was his chance to see how she would respond. He wanted to see her eyes as he said his sister’s name. 
“I’m so sorry to hear that,” he said with as much compassion as he could muster up. “We have something else in common, although I’m not sure we will like this one very much. My sister, Val, also died 11 years ago. She was everything that was pure in this world. She worked at a local women’s shelter, helping rescue women from the sex slave industry.” He paused because it hurt to talk about this, especially to her. He didn’t take his eyes off of her, though. “A break-in. That’s what they said it was. That never felt right, you know? Everything about it seemed off. Wow, I’m so sorry. I didn’t mean to mention so much. I guess what I’m saying is that I get it. I know how you feel. It sucks, doesn’t it?”
“More than you know,” she said.
He couldn’t help but see the pain in her eyes again. It was more than he saw the first time they spoke. It was like she was saying something more, but there wasn’t any way she could know who he was. Other than his connection Jim, nobody at the agency knew who he was. He made sure to keep it that way. She might have been good, but she couldn’t have been that good.
After a long awkward moment of silence, Brianna spoke up, “Sooooo, enough of that for now. I like where this conversation is going, Glen, but I can’t leave my dog at home for too long. She gets super anxious.” She was shifting in her seat a lot as she continued. “Would you like to come back to my place? Look, don’t get any wild thoughts. I’m not that kind of girl. We can have a few drinks and continue this conversation. I would love to hear more about your sister.”
Upon hearing that last sentence, Arthur began to cough because the drink went down the wrong way. He was shocked to hear her say it mainly because it seemed like she meant it. How could she be so cold? Although the people he killed always deserved it, he still carried the heavy weight of what he had done. Talking about a victim was the last thing he would have ever wanted to do. Did she want to hear more? He was confused but took her up on her offer. They got a cab and went to her house. 
“…but deliver us from evil…”
They were standing in the kitchen as she began to make their drinks. Arthur decided to make his move. He was not going to amuse her sick mind by talking about Val. He had the rope rolled up with the end of it lightly tied around his forearm underneath his shirt. He walked behind her and gently rubbed her arm with his left hand. Her breath stopped for a moment, and her eyes closed.
“I was hoping you would be quick about getting around to this. It turns out that I’m the nervous one.”
“I couldn’t wait any longer,” Arthur said excitedly.
He walked her over to the couch. As they were about to sit down, he loosened the rope and let it slip out of the arm of his shirt. She quickly slumped down into the loveseat before he could turn around with the rope.
“Let’s get this started, Arthur. I know why you’re here.”
She used his real name. Her saying his name gave him chills. The thrill of why he was doing this was back. 
“And you’re okay with this? You’re just going to go through with it?”
“Do I have any other options,” Brianna asked. “I’ve been waiting years for this moment. That’s why I came back home.” She let out a nervous laugh. “You obviously know my name's not Ashley. That was my mother’s name. I took her name so that I could honor her. This is her house, the place I grew up. It’s still like she left it.”
“Hold on,” Arthur exclaimed. “You knew why I was here? Then why all the flirting, the texting, and the date? What’s wrong with you?”
“…for Thine is the kingdom, and the power, and the glory forever. Amen.”
Brianna stared at the ground as she was kneeling, her hands tightly tied behind her back. She hesitantly repeated the prayer after each line, as he requested. She felt undeserving even to be allowed to pray, but this was about him; this was about closure. He knelt in front of her and gently grabbed her chin and lifted her face. He looked into her eyes, and the next thing he said made her weep.
“I forgive you,” Arthur said with what seemed like sympathy. “Brianna, I forgive you for killing Val.”
He stood up and began to pace. 
“Wow,” he said with a heavy exhale. “That feels so good to say. I forgive you! I really do forgive you! I want to make sure you have as much peace as you can find in this moment. Is there anything you need to say? It makes it easier to go into this, getting everything out. Don’t carry your baggage with you. Trust me; I’ve seen how much it helps. I’m willing to listen.”
“Whirlwind,” Brianna said. 
“What? Whirlwind?”
She took a long deep breath and said, “I told you that you were in for a whirlwind of a story. I doubt you’ll care to listen. I didn’t kill Valarie. The job came from my connection, just like every job before it came. What they never knew is that I do all my research. It’s kind of what we do, isn’t it?” She looked up and met Arthur’s eyes. “I refused the job. I saw that your sister wasn’t bad. I had refused jobs before. We all have. They told me I had to take it. I chose not to. A few months later, my mother coincidently died of a heart attack. I told them I was going home. They knew I was here.” She looked over to the entertainment system. “The movies in the bottom drawer come out as one piece. Remove the bottom of the drawer, and you’ll see that everything I’ve said is true.”
“NO,” Arthur yelled, kicking the coffee table a few feet. “NO! NO! NO! That isn’t how this is supposed to work. You’re supposed to tell me you’re sorry. This is where you admit to everything you’ve done. That’s how this works.” He knelt and grabbed her by her face. “Just tell me you killed her. SAY IT!”
“I can’t. No, I won’t. I’m sad because of Valarie's death. I’m sad that my mother died because I chose not to kill your sister.” She pushed herself up and sat in the chair next to her. “Please, listen to me. You need to see what I have. Choose to do with me what you will. Maybe it’s my penance for the jobs I’ve done. But at least give me a few more moments. You deserve to know who you are. You need to see who killed your sister.”
Backpack



“Kayla, it’s time to go.  We need to leave in about 15 minutes!  Please be ready to walk out the door.”
Kayla's mother was never late.  Her motto in life has always been, "If you're on-time, you're late." Kayla was okay with it unless it was early in the morning.  Due to Kayla's social anxiety, she liked being early to everything.  It gave her time to acclimate to the environment.
Today was a unique day.  It was the first time in 6 years she would see her cousins.  Although they chatted online all the time, they hadn't seen each other since Kayla's aunt and uncle moved the family to Edinburgh, UK.  Kayla was especially excited because there was the possibility of them moving back to the states. 
“Coming!” Kayla yelled down the stairs.  “Should I bring my backpack? I probably should, right? Wait, do they even allow random bags in an airport if you’re not flying?”
"What, Sweetie?  I can't hear you," her mother replied.  "Please hurry up.  I want to get a good parking place at the airport. And you know traffic is going to be horrid."
Kayla let out a chuckle as she finished putting on her shoes.  She walked over to the backpack hanging on the closet door and let out a heavy sigh.  She hadn't gone anywhere without the backpack by her side since she was in 6th grade.  It was a gift from her grandfather before he passed away.  He didn't leave a lot of specifics in his will because there wasn't much to leave behind.  One of the things he did include in his will was that Kayla got the old leather bag. Her grandfather was known for carrying it everywhere.  
Kayla and her grandfather had a special bond.  The bond they held was evident even when Kayla was a baby.  She would follow him wherever he went.  Her grandfather always called her his little shadow because of that.  Although he tried not to choose, Kayla was the favorite out of the five grandchildren.  Nobody minded because of how odd he seemed, but Kayla liked that about him.  He made her feel normal in a world that often made her feel like an outsider.  
Kayla loved the backpack because it was the only item that she had to remind her of him.  She wore it with pride. Nobody was allowed to touch it, much less look inside.
Other kids at school asked about the backpack, some even made fun of her, but she always ignored the insults.  She knew how unique the bag was.  Not only that, but she didn't want to leave it alone.  
There was a note inside the front pouch when she received the bag. That note made it apparent that her grandfather was somewhat stern about the rules of owning it.  She trusted her grandfather and knew he had his reasons for being vague. 
The rules were strange but straightforward, or at least they seemed that way at first. The instructions read:
My little shadow, you're the only one I can trust with this bag.  Protect it.  Take care of it.  In a few years, the instructions will make sense.  Well, I hope they do.  The purpose of this bag will reveal itself as you're ready.  Here are a few rules to help you figure things out when the time comes. These rules won't make sense at first.  Keep this letter tucked away in the bag until you know what each rule means.
1.       You can only use the bag once a day. Trust me; you don't need more than that.
2.       Whatever you retrieve from inside has to be put back that night.
3.       Never, under any circumstances, allow anyone else to take this bag.
4.       Be careful what you put inside the bag. Things have a habit of disappearing. 
5.       Trust the bag.  It has never been wrong.
6.       Most importantly, have fun! The adventure is the best part.
I love you!
 “Please, be something simple.”
Kayla grabbed the bag, walked over to her bed, and plopped down with the bag in her lap.
"Okay…I will settle for something simple like…a...a book!  Yeah! I will need something to do." She unlatched the main compartment as she continued. "Oh! You know what? Give me a gift card or something, like Starbucks.  I need some coffee if I'm going to put up with my mom being so anxious."
She stuck her hand into the bag and let out a loud gasp. She drew her hand back.  She gazed into the bag in disbelief.  Her face was flush, her heart started pounding, and sweat formed on her brow.  Nothing this extreme had ever happened before.
"What the heck? Oh my God, how, do tell, am I supposed to have fun with this?  This isn't good.  This is bad." She took a deep breath as she tried to regain her composure. "Yep! This is the baddest of bads. I'm doomed."
She closed the latch on the bag and dropped it on the bed.  Kayla rubbed her temples. She grabbed the bag again and unlatched it, hoping that maybe she didn't see what she saw. Maybe her eyes misjudged what was laying in the bottom.
She slowly slipped her hand into the bag and felt the same thing as before.  Although she had never seen one in real life, the shape of the cold steel was unmistakable.  She took a deep breath and pulled the object out of the bag.  She looked at it as the sun reflected off of the sleek handle.  Kayla couldn't believe it.  She was holding a real gun in her hands.  
Nothing was making sense. In what world would Kayla, a teenager going to an airport, ever need a gun? She was amazed by the weight of it as she inspected it.  At a loss of what to do, she hoped there was something else in the bag.  Maybe this was a mistake. Nausea began to set in as she sat there, pondering what to do. 
While the bag appeared to be a well-kept antique, that's not what was so valuable about it.  Every morning Kayla reached into the bag, not knowing what item would be there for the day.  She never knew how it got there, but she knew that something would always be there. Up to this point, it had always been easy going.  She's had letters, photos, a rubber band ball, a slingshot, and so much more come out of the bag.  She learned to trust the bag, just as her grandfather had stated.  No matter how ridiculous, every object served its purpose.
Kayla tossed the gun onto the bed and stared at it for a few moments.  The thought of carrying that thing was scary enough but bringing it to an airport seemed like a suicide mission.  She highly doubted that officials would take into consideration that she is a teen girl.
You’ve never let me down before, Kayla thought. Why would you fail me now? I just need to look casual.  How do I look casual, though, if I know I have a gun in the bag?
She gathered her things and headed downstairs.  Her mother was so preoccupied and excited that she didn't notice Kayla's worrisome look.
The ride to the airport was tranquil, aside from random outbursts from her mother talking about how much she missed her family.  Her excitement wasn't how she usually responded in traffic, considering how much she hated driving when the roads were busy. Kayla continued to stare out the window.  She assumed her mother was just as anxious as her.  Then again, her mother didn't have a gun hiding in her bag. 
As they pulled up to the airport, there was a checkpoint where they were doing random vehicle checks.  Kayla knew that this was the moment they would be busted.  The authorities would detain her mother. Nobody would believe Kayla brought this gun on her own.  
As they approached the airport, guards were conducting random inspections.  Kayla quickly opened her door and began to heave violently.  Her face was pale, and she felt like she was pouring sweat out of every pore in her body.
“Ma’am are you okay,” the young guard asked.
"I don't know what's wrong with her," Kayla's mother responded.  "She hasn't been herself today.  I was so focused on beating traffic that I didn't see that she was feeling bad. Oh, this makes me look like the worst mother ever. Hold on, Sweetie. Let me…"
“Hold on,” the guard interrupted.  “Mrs. Mc…I mean…ma’am, we have someone inside that can help you with her.  I’ll have someone get some water ready for her.  Go ahead and pull into the parking lot to the right. There’s someone who can help you in the first room.” The guard glanced at her mother.  “Someone will be waiting for you inside.  They’ll help you from there.”
“Did you know that guy?” 
Kayla's mother looked worried and said, "I've picked up a lot of people here for my job.  He must remember me.  Kind of odd, isn't it?” She reached over and felt Kayla’s head. “I just want to make sure you're okay.  You didn't forget your bag, did you?  You know, just in case…well…if they give you something, you might need to put it in there.
They pulled up and started to walk in.  Kayla noticed that her mother wasn't acting like her usual self either. 
You might need to put it in there, Kayla thought. What did she mean by that? She doesn't know about the bad, does she?
Kayla's mother was about all the details; she accounted for every minute.  Why didn't this bother her? She didn't even seem to care that Kayla was sick.  Although there were tons of questions running through her mind, Kayla couldn't help but think about how lucky they were to get out of the vehicle check.  Was this all by design?  Why was everything working perfectly in their favor?  When would the gun come into play?
The refreshing blast of air from inside hit Kayla as they walked in. There were a few employees inside the office, all of whom seemed nice.  One of them had a bottle of water waiting for Kayla.  
Kayla studied her surroundings.  Some small monitors were flashing between camera feeds.  On one of the walls was a large monitor that had all the flights that were coming or going.  She noticed that their family's flight had already landed.  The thought of seeing her cousins seemed to calm her nerves a little bit.
"Is there a restroom where I can maybe splash some water on my face?  I honestly don't know what that was all about out there?  I've been nervous all day.  Well, maybe excited is a better word.  I haven't seen my family in…"
“Kayla,” her mother interrupted.  “There is a bathroom over there.  Get cleaned up.  We don’t have a lot of time.  Um, why don’t you leave your bag with me? You shouldn’t be in there long.”
“I’ll take it,” Kayla replied hesitantly, sensing some trepidation in her mother’s voice.  “You know, mom…girl stuff?”
Kayla went into the bathroom and locked the door.  Regardless of how gross it seemed, she sat on the floor and started to run through everything that had just happened.  It was beginning to sink in how absurd this entire situation was.  She took off her bag and laid it beside her.  When she did, there was a slight click.  She was afraid of what that meant.  She had never seen a gun before, much less handled one.
Kayla unzipped the bag and glanced inside. It looked like there was a piece of the handle that was coming loose. She angled the opened pocket so the bathroom light illuminated the inside to help her see the gun a little better. There seemed to be something lodged underneath the handle.  
She reached into the bag and grabbed the gun.  The ivory handle hinged further open, and a small rolled-up note fell into her lap.  Kayla took a deep breath as she unrolled the note.  The handwriting looked like her grandfather's. 
"Kayla, I know this doesn't make a lot of sense, but I'm asking you once again to trust me.  Don't panic.  I knew this moment would eventually come, but it wasn't supposed to happen this early.  Everything is going to work out.  You have to find a way to get to your uncle before they walk through the terminal.  You'll know what to do.  Just don't trust anyone but your uncle.  That part is essential. All the prophecies I used to tell you about seem to point to you. I know that's a lot to take in. I'll explain more later.  See you in a bit."
See you in a bit, Kayla thought. What does that mean? How could he see me in a bit? I'm so freaking confused!
Kayla stood up and stared at her reflection.  Suddenly she was overcome with peace and boldness; she didn't feel the same worry or panic she felt earlier.  While she didn't understand what was going on inside of her, something was noticeably different.  With this sudden burst of confidence, she tucked everything back into the bag and put it back on.  She reached down to open the door when –
Tap tap tap
"Kayla, Sweetie?  Are you okay?  You've been in there a while." Her mother jiggled the handle.  "Why don't you come out here and relax?"
“I’ll be out in a second,” Kayla replied.  “I’m finishing up now.”
“I need you to hurry up.  I need your bag.” Her mother’s voice sounded worried as she tried to open the door again.  “I really need you to come out before…just please hurry, okay?”
Kayla opened the door to find her mother standing with two men dressed in nice suits.  She noticed that the other employees that were in the office area were no longer there. 
"Is everything okay," asked Kayla as she scanned the room. "Sorry to worry you.  I am feeling a lot better.  I just…I…who are they?  It seems like a lot of trouble for a sick girl."
The two men began to walk toward Kayla.  She looked at a large flight monitor on the wall behind them, which read, "Use the bag, my little shadow! Run out the door on your left.  Your uncle and I will be waiting for you."
She unzipped the bag and placed her hand inside. A smile came across her face as she looked at the two large men.  “Enjoy the adventure,” she mumbled. 
“Sweetie, what’re you doing?  What’s in the bag?” 
One of the men aggressively grasped Kayla on her arm and pulled her towards them.  Kayla pulled out the gun and quickly swung it towards the man who had her.  The butt of the weapon slammed into the side of his head, which caused him to release his grip. He mumbled some curse words and started towards her again.
"Touch me again, and I swear I will use this thing," Kayla barked.  "Don't come near me and let my mother–"
"Grab her, you idiot," yelled her mother.  "I'm not paying you to stand around!"
Kayla didn't have time to think about what was happening.  The room was spinning as the adrenaline coursed through her veins.  For a moment, she stared at her mother. She wanted to start crying. Instead, Kayla followed the instructions on the screen and began to sprint toward the exit.  
A black SUV came to a screeching halt outside the door.  She could see her uncle in the driver's seat frantically waving her over as the passenger door flung open
A familiar voice yelled from the back seat, “Kayla, get in!”
She jumped in before the two suited men grabbed her.  As they sped away, Kayla turned towards the back to see an all too familiar smile.
"Are you having fun yet," asked her grandfather. "I'm sure you have a lot of questions."
What’s Behind Door #1



Gabrielle reached forward, turned off the radio, and plopped back into the passenger seat, letting out a long exhale. She closed her eyes and began to focus on her breathing to calm her nerves.
“This is so...what’s the word I’m looking for...surreal?” She glanced over at Ashley, who was driving, and continued. “I’ve never actually lost anyone before. I mean, it’s not like we have a large family anyway.”
“Was this your dad’s brother? Or was it on your...” Ashley paused before finishing the sentence. “...mother's side? Dang it, Gabi, I’m sorry. It just slipped out. I’m in my own little world over here driving. I wasn’t thinking.”
“No, it’s okay. Most people have families on both sides. My dad won’t talk about anything to do with my mother or their family. I don’t think I really care, either.” Gabrielle let out an airy chuckle. “Does that sound horrible? What kind of person am I that I don’t care about my mother or that family?”
There were a few minutes of silence while Gabrielle looked out her window. While she made this drive countless times before, this one was different. She watched the passing buildings and would occasionally smile. The memories came flooding in as they passed each building, field, pond, and bump in the road. 
“My dad’s side.” Gabrielle blurted out. “It was my dad’s brother. Uncle David. Did you see that church we passed a little while back? My uncle went to that church. I loved that place. Every first Wednesday, they would have a community meal. He always brought Hawaiian rolls. ‘Trust me,’ he would say. ‘They don’t want me cooking. I won’t even eat my cooking.’ I went because I loved being with my Uncle. It didn’t have anything to do with the food. You know, I’m really going to miss him, like, a lot. I think it’s all starting to sink in.”
Eventually, the businesses became more sparse, the fields turned to forest, and the houses were almost nonexistent. They turned onto a small road with a gate. Ashely punched in the code that Gabrielle gave her, and they drove up to the house. It was tucked away in a small clearing farther back into the wooded area. Ashley let out a whistle of adoration.
“Was your uncle loaded? Holy crap, this place is massive.”
“It’s not that big,” Gabrielle snapped back. “Compared to our shanty of an apartment, this does seem like a huge step up. I can’t believe it’s mine. What the heck does a girl my age do with a house like this? And I wonder why me? It’s not like I’m the only one in the family. I bet they’re all pissed.”
“Who’s the suit,” Ashley asked, pointing towards the side of the house.
“That’s the lawyer dude. I’ve got to sign some paperwork before he gives me the keys. I’ll need you to be a witness if we need one.”
They both got out of the car and began to walk towards the front door. The attorney was now standing at the bottom of the steps with a huge smile on his face. Gabrielle thought it seemed like odd circumstances to be smiling so happily. 
Then again, Gabrielle thought to herself. This is his job. I guess it would be worse if he were rude. 
“Good afternoon, ladies. My name is Wyatt Wernhall. My family’s law firm has been representing your family for quite a few generations.” He glanced at Gabrielle and extended his hand. “I’m assuming you're Gabrielle? I’ve seen pictures. Your uncle made sure to keep me updated on everything. I hope your drive was okay.”
Gabrielle smiled and replied, “Yeah. It was nostalgic. I didn’t know I had so many memories of making this trip until today. I’m sorry we’re later than we said we’d be. I kind of didn’t want to do it. I didn’t think I was ready. Hell, I still don’t.” 
“I’m glad you decided to venture out and make the trip anyway. I believe that you’ll find it to be rewarding, you know? Therapeutic. Okay, let’s see.” Mr. Wernhall reached into his inside jacket pocket and pulled out the keys. “These are for you. We will follow you inside. Take your time. We will stay back here and give you some room if you need it.” 
Gabrielle took the keys and proceeded to the front door. She stood there for a few moments because the doors would have always opened for her by this point. She unlocked the door and placed the keys back in her pocket. 
“My uncle would always try to scare me. As soon as I was about to knock on the door, he would quickly open the door and yell, ‘What are you doing here?’ It didn’t scare me as I got older. I did kind of look forward to it. It seems wrong that he’s not able to do that anymore.” She reached for the doorknob and said, “Well, shall we proceed? Y’all can follow me in. I don’t mind.”
The front entry led to a large sitting area on the left. Everything was like Gabrielle remembered. “A place for everything and everything in its place,” her uncle used to say. She couldn’t help but notice that it still felt like her home away from home. This house, the time spent with her uncle, had been more of a home than the one she had growing up. She always assumed that’s why he took to her over everyone else in the family. He was the only one in the family she knew on a personal level.
“Is it okay if we get the paperwork out of the way? There’s so much to fill Ashley in on about this place. I feel like I have a story about every square inch.” She was smiling genuinely for the first time since her uncle's death as the memories continued to roll in. “It feels so good to be back home.” 
“Ah! I’m so glad to hear you call it home. Mr. David talked a lot about you. He hoped you would find this place suitable. To all of us who worked closely with him over the years, you’re somewhat of a celebrity. He was very proud of you. I’m sure you already know that.” The attorney slid a stack of paperwork towards her. “I don’t want to hold you up any longer than I have to. Don’t be intimidated. It looks like a lot of paperwork, but it’s not that bad. I’ve put a tab on every page you have to sign. I’ll explain as we go through everything that you’re signing. You’ll get…” 
The next few minutes seemed like a blur as they proceeded through the paperwork. They got to the end, and Gabrielle sighed heavily. 
“I guess it’s done? I’m the proud owner of my very own house?” 
“Yes, ma’am. That’s correct. There is one last thing I need to give you before I’m off. You don’t have to sign for this, but I assured your uncle that I would personally deliver the last thing to you.”
Wyatt walked over to the nearby bookshelf. He reached towards the antique phone hanging on the wall and turned the dial a few times. When he placed the receiver back down, there was a beeping noise that was preceded by a piece of the wall opening. Ashley mumbled a curse word in amazement. Wyatt grabbed a small box from the wall safe, walked back over, then set the box on the table.
He looked up and, with a serious tone, said, “Mrs. Gabrielle, Mr. David was adamant about making sure you got this immediately. It’s to remain sealed until you’re alone. Unfortunately,” he glanced at Ashley. “It can’t be opened in the presence of friends or other family members. It can only be you. Admittedly I’m curious as to what it is, but I will have to be okay with not knowing.” He got up and grabbed his things. “And with that, ladies, I will see myself out. If you ever need anything, my firm is here to serve you. We will continue to represent your family in all financial matters as you proceed. What that includes will be made clear when you’re ready. I’ll think you’ll discover that your uncle was a very thorough man. Anyway, it was a pleasure meeting you both. Oh, and welcome home.”
Gabrielle and Ashley spent the next few hours exploring the house. They agreed to spend the weekend at the home until they figured out what the plans were going forward. They grabbed a bite to eat from the kitchen. Ashley kept marveling at every little thing. Even the kitchen looked like something out of a magazine. Gabrielle grabbed a bottle of Chateau Lafite Rothschild 2016. Neither of them knew if that was good or not, but they were intent on making this a night of celebration instead of a night of mourning.
“Do you want me to leave the two of you alone?” Ashley chuckled as she glanced at Gabrielle. “I mean, you keep looking at that box like it’s going to do a trick or something. I know you’re curious. Exhaustion has caught up to me anyway. The last time I stayed up late and drank this much was on New Years'. Ugh, do you remember that massive hangover I had?” 
“Yeah, I didn’t particularly enjoy that night. You were fun to be with, as usual, but the others who showed up kind of ruined the vibe of the night.” She glanced at the box again. “Okay, it’s bugging me what’s in there, but I didn’t want to be rude and just leave you hanging. If you’re going to bed anyway, then I won’t feel as bad. My mind is racing too much to even think about sleep. You can use the first bedroom when you go upstairs. That’s always been for guests.”
With a large stretch and yawn, Ashley shuffled her way up the stairs. Gabrielle sat there and drank a few more glasses of wine while she observed the box. She wondered what would be so important that nobody could be around. Finally, excitement overrode her nerves, and she opened it.
Inside the box were two keys and a handheld voice recorder. The recorder had a note on it that read “play me.” The thought of hearing her uncle's voice made her nervous, so she waited. Instead, she inspected the keys. One was somewhat newer, like the rest of the house keys. The other key was older and thicker. It wasn’t cut like any other key she had seen before, and she never saw her uncle use that key, either.
She pushed play.
Hey, Little Bit. I’m sorry for your loss. 
The voice of her uncle started laughing. She paused the tape for a moment. Hearing him say her name followed by him laughing made her feel like he was still here with her. She had held everything together until now. Hearing her uncle's voice brought a sense of relief.
Wait...I’m not supposed to say that about my own death, am I? I’m sure you have a lot of questions. I hope to answer some of those for you, but I can’t do that through a recording. There’s a lot for you to discover, and I intended to be there in person to show it all to you. Unfortunately, things haven’t gone as expected. Gosh, I really messed things up. But that’s the way things happen, I guess. So, about those keys. You’ll need the newer silver key to unlock the door to the attic. The older key is a lot more challenging to explain, but I have confidence in you. You’ll be able to figure out what to do. Make sure you’re alone when you go. What’s up there is intended for your eyes only. There was a sniffle as if he were sad. Oh, and Little Bit? I love you.
Click
The tape ended. Gabrielle was more confused now than before. What’s so important that she needed to go into the attic? She was always led to believe that the attic was off-limits. 
“It’s unfinished and dangerous,” her uncle used to say. “There’s nothing up there except insulation and wiring.” 
She grabbed the keys and walked upstairs to the door that leads to the attic. She unlocked it and saw another staircase. The attic was the only place on the property she had never been to before now. She reached the top of the stairs and walked into a room with no visible windows. She flipped on the light switch. Immediately she saw that the attic was not only finished, but it had doors lining every wall in the room.
“Doors? All this secretive crap is about doors,” Gabrielle mumbled as she looked around. She could feel her heart pounding and was uncertain of what she was supposed to do with a bunch of doors. “Key! Use the key, but where does this stupid thing go. I don’t see—” 
On the opposite side of the room was a door that had a cable running to it. The cable was running into a small metal box that firmly clamped to the doorframe. Gabrielle noticed a keyhole that the old key should fit in. She inserted it and turned it, expecting something to happen. The only thing she saw was a small red light that started flashing on the box. She glanced around the room once more to see if she was missing something. The cable was running up and into a large bar that looked like it rotated around the room.
“If this box is for all these doors, then what the heck does it do?” 
Gabrielle was getting frustrated because she felt like she was missing something. 
“The door,” she mumbled to herself. “Do I open the door? I’m so confused. Why am I doing this alone?”
She reached for the doorknob and turned it. As the door began to swing open, there was a barrier of light that formed across the opening. She couldn’t see through to the other side, but it was clear that something was happening. Her hands grabbed the door frame tightly as she leaned forward. 
Surely just a peek couldn’t hurt, she thought to herself. 
Sweat was forming on her brow as her nerves began to get worse. Her head was coming through the other side, where she saw an office. A man was sitting in a chair, but she couldn’t see who it was.
“Little Bit, I see you found what I left you.”
Gabrielle screamed out a curse word, and the tears quickly followed. Her head was now spinning as the confusion hit her like a tidal wave. She wanted to run to her uncle but was unsure of what to do. How could this be happening? 
“It’s okay. Please come in. There is a lot to explain and not enough time.” He smiled as Gabrielle slowly walked towards him. “Have a seat. What you’re experiencing is a time loop. This isn’t like the cheesy Hollywood junk that you see on TV. This door has my consciousness attached. I have all the memories and the looks, and I appear to be just like you remember me. Let’s get the first question out of the way.”
“Are you…dead?” 
“Yes, I did die. This time loop was created for me to be able to train you. I can only exist inside this loop. I have led the team for 32 years. There aren’t that many of us left and that’s a problem. Wow, I underestimated how much there is to tell you. We have been creating these loops as a way to observe and protect history.” He leaned forward and took Gabrielle by the hand. “We aren’t the only ones, though. There are people out there who have been seeking us out, but we were always ahead. That is until recently.”
“I miss you,” Gabrielle blurted out. “Can we wait with the dramatic story? You were gone for so long this last trip. Then the last thing I hear is that you die? Now I’m talking to you.” She looked at the door behind her and continued, “And if that’s not weird enough, I had to walk through a glowing door to get here, to talk to my dead uncle.”
Uncle David let out a hearty laugh that seemed to fill the room. “Little Bit, I missed you too. We will have plenty of time to catch up. There are important things to get to first. Let me get all this out of the way. Okay? Where is the key?”
“It’s still in the lock.” 
“Go ahead and get the key. Always keep it on you. As long as the door is plugged in and turned on, you’ll be okay.”
Gabrielle got up and walked out the door. She pulled out the key and saw that the glow leading into the door was still brightly shining.
“Cool,” Gabrielle whispered under her breath as she began to walk back through to her uncle.
THUNK
Something caused her to lunge forward. What followed was an immense amount of pain and blurry vision. Gabrielle reached up and touched the back of her head.
“Blood...is that blood? What did that?”
“You have no idea how long I’ve been waiting for this moment,” said a familiar voice a few feet away from her. “‘Be patient,’ they’ve been telling me. Patient? Do they know how bloody boring you are? NO! Oh, but this feels so good. Finally, it’s my moment to shine.” 
The voice got closer. Gabrielle’s sight was fading in and out from blurry vision to complete darkness. As the blurry figure leaned forward, Gabrielle tried to make out the voice, but the ringing in her head was drowning out everything.  
“Why are you—”
“Shhhh. Be quiet. Don’t worry. They want you alive. I don’t know why, but those were my orders. Give me the key, and then I will help you with your head.”
The person was finally close enough to reach the key. Gabrielle gasped and felt as though she was going to vomit.
“Ashley?”
“That’s not my real name, but that will suffice for now. Stop talking and trying to stand. Your mother would be pissed if I came back with her dead daughter.”

Feel the Music



Emily awoke to the bright morning sunlight as it danced around the room. When staying at a motel, her mother, Margaret, made sure to always get a room that faced the rising sun. She found this was the easiest way to wake her daughter when on the road. They had been traveling for over a month tracking down a man who, as far as they knew, was only a myth. 
Emily’s grandmother would tell stories of an old shaman who could perform miracles by simply strumming his guitar. Even though this kind of folklore wasn't the kind of thing Emily and her mother generally believed in, Margaret knew something deep inside her said this was the right thing to do. She didn’t want to give Emily any false hope, but they had to find this miracle man.
“I’m sorry, Mrs. Olsen, but there is no way we can go through with the implants. By looking at the scans of her inner ear, you’ll notice…”
Although it was almost a year ago to date, Margaret could still feel the disappointment as the doctor delivered the bad news. Unfortunately, Emily was not a candidate for cochlear implants. All she had ever wanted was the ability to hear. 
Emily quickly covered her eyes with a pillow. They had spent far too long on the road looking for someone who might not exist. Margaret walked over and ripped the covers off the bed. The sudden invasion of radiating sunlight agitated Emily, but seeing the look on her mother's face made her feel a little better. 
“I got a major lead this morning,” Margaret signed. “Look at my phone.”
Emily picked up the phone and saw a picture of an older man with a guitar strapped to his back. They had plenty of similar leads before today. For all they knew, this was just another homeless man trying to make some money.
Emily looked at her mother with a forced smile and signed, “I love that you’re still full of hope. I’m not sure I can afford to keep believing. I’ll continue down this road with you, but–”
“No,” Margaret interrupted. “Look at his guitar! It’s extremely old and is almost exactly like your grandmother used to describe. It’s a classical style guitar, has holes where the pick guard should be, and it has strange symbols etched into the neck. It’s all here. Every detail! The couple I talked to said he’s a charming guy. They said something about kind eyes. The thing is that he only comes into town once a month to buy supplies. He stays to himself. That’s why we’ve stayed here for a few days. He should be coming in soon. What could it hurt to just talk to the man?”
“You know what? I’m willing to give this one more shot. After this…” Emily looked down for a second then back up at her mother, “can…can we please go home? I’m tired. Nia said her mom would let us do a pool party for my birthday party. I kind of like the idea of having a sweet 16 party. And…” A look of disappointment came over her. “I’m tired. Mom, this is starting to get to me.”
They made the rounds to a few of the businesses that the older man went to hoping to find some information. Even when it seemed like luck was on their side, something came along to derail them. Finding this man was proving to be like every other lead; they spent most of the day going from one person to another, each person would tell a little of their story, but the stories always stopped short with few details. No matter what Margaret told everyone about Emily, each person chose not to divulge any information. It was clear they wanted to protect this man's identity. They went to the grocery store to make inquiries and grab a few things for their road trip. 
“Excuse me,” a young lot attendant said with a huge smile. “I’ll take this for you.”
As the young man was putting the groceries in the back of the car, he leaned in towards the mother and said, “I heard you’re looking for Manny, the old man?” He looked back to make sure nobody was watching or listening. “I don’t think I am supposed to say anything, but there is something about your daughter that…Look, I just have a feeling that he would want to see you. Dang, I sound crazy, don’t I? He helped my family a while back when my little sister was sick. If anyone asks, you didn’t get this from me.” He slipped Margaret a note that had directions on it. “I wrote this down while you were talking to the cashier. Me and my brother are like the only people who’ve delivered a few things to Manny.”
“Thank you,” Margaret said excitedly while wiping a tear from her eye. “You have no idea what we’ve been through to find him. This is kind of a huge deal. If I had the money I would–”
“No, ma’am,” the young man interrupted. “It’s my pleasure. I hope he’s able to help her.”
Margaret decided to wait until the next day to travel to Manny’s house. Since he lived so far off the grid, she decided it wasn’t the best idea to drive to a random house in the woods in the middle of the night. She watched Emily that night as they sat there eating Chinese food for the third night in a row. She began to choke up at the thought of finding their miracle.
What if this isn’t him, she thought to herself. I can’t handle the pain of seeing her suffer anymore. He has to be it. 
She decided this would be her last time chasing a lead. If this weren’t the man they sought, then she would give up and go home and celebrate her daughter’s 16 birthday by the pool.
“God, if you’re listening, if you’re still there,” Margaret paused and took a few deep breaths. “If you’re really there, then I need this to be the right person. We’ve done our part. I need this to work. Emily needs this to work. Please. I will do anything.”
The next morning they packed everything up and headed 30 minutes north of town. Although Emily couldn’t hear anything, she liked picking the music. She chose music based on her current mood. She told people that she could feel the music, which most people found odd. 
Margaret knew Emily could sense the music since Emily was a baby. Even though Emily was deaf, Margaret would play soothing music when Emily was upset. Somehow it always worked. The doctors told Margeret that it was just a coincidence or that the music was so loud that she was feeling the vibrations. She knew that wasn’t the case, though. Even with the music turned down low, Emily knew it was playing. 
Today's playlist was more cheerful, and that was a good sign.
As they got closer to their destination, there was a noticeable excitement that came over Emily. She was taking notes in her journal, and periodically would look up and smile at her mother. They reached a dirt road that almost didn’t look fit for their small car. As they drove, the bottom of the car would occasionally scrape against the ruts. 
Finally, they arrived at a small house. Along the way and all around the property were privacy signs. They parked outside the gate and proceeded to walk up to the house. Emily walked with a bounce in her step, which was a welcomed change for Margaret. They both agreed that something seemed different. 
“This is how people die in movies,” Emily signed to her mother.
“This is private property,” yelled a man with a thick Spanish accent. “You can read, can’t you?”
“Y-y-yes…I…um.” Margaret was at a loss of words as she reached out and stopped Emily from walking any further. “I’m told you’re the man I’m looking for…I mean, we’re looking for. I know this sounds crazy, but you have to help us. You’re the man with the guitar, aren’t you? I’ve been looking for you for almost a year. Her Nan would tell stories about you, assuming you are you. You are you, aren’t you?”
Manny held up his hand, and Margaret quickly fell silent. He looked at Emily and signed, “What’s your name?” Emily signed her name to which Manny asked, “Can you feel it? The sound?”
Emily gave an enthusiastic affirming nod.
“Well, I’ve been waiting many years for this moment. I know why you’re here. We should get started. I have a gift for you.” The excitement on Emily’s face was unmistakable. He looked at Margaret and continued, “You’re carrying a lot of pain with you. I can’t help with that, but I can help her. I have a feeling that will help some of the pain you’re feeling.”
“Wow. I honestly didn’t expect you to be real, but you are real. Like, you’re really real! I’m assuming you’re the shaman that we’ve heard about?”
“Shaman? That’s what they’re calling me?” He seemed surprised as he shook his head. “It doesn’t surprise me. If someone today has the gift of healing, something I believe comes from God, everyone tries to explain it away. To answer your question? Yes and no. Yes, I am the man you seek. No, I am not a shaman. I didn’t even know those were still a thing. Or at least not in the states.”
“Can you help me,” Emily signed.
“We have a lot to discuss,” the man replied. “Would you allow me to make you some tea? You’re going to be here a while.” He got up and slowly started towards the door, waving for them to come along with him. “Oh, I’m Antonio. I doubt anyone was able to give you my name. They’ve always honored my privacy. That’s why I chose to stay here.”
As they entered his house, they noticed he didn’t have a lot of personal belongings. The couch that Emily and Margaret sat on looked new, but it was an antique. Emily’s overall countenance was better than it had been in a long time. 
“Take this tea. It’s all harvested from ingredients I grew in my garden. Don’t worry. Nothing weird. It’s heavy on camomile. I like the calming effects, and it’s healthy for you.” Antonio sat down in the recliner opposite them. “I will sign as I talk so that both of you can follow along. You’re both about to get a story nobody has heard. It’s the story of how I came to be.” 
Emily leaned forward and pointed to the guitar. There was hope in her eyes. It was difficult to hold in her excitement. She was finally going to receive her miracle. She was having trouble wrapping her mind around the fact that the stories were actually real. How was it possible? She stared at Antonio inquisitively, waiting for her moment.
“We will get to that soon enough. I know you’re excited. I was just as excited when I first saw the guitar. My Lita told me stories of an older woman who was known as a healer. She was not too far from where I grew up. In southern Mexico, we are more welcoming of stories like you’ve heard about me.” Antonio pointed to a picture on his wall near the front door and smiled. “Emily, you and I have something in common. I was also born deaf. Most of the people back then saw a disability like that as a curse from God. Can you imagine living with the belief that God was that cruel? Thankfully, I had a mother like you do that knew God would deliver on his promises.” 
“Wait a second,” Margaret said as she looked at the photo. “You weren’t the first person to have this…ummm…power? And how old is this picture? I have so many questions.”
With a grin on his face, he replied, “Yes, I knew you would have a lot of questions. And let’s call this a gift to be given. It’s not a superpower.” He laughed and continued, “This isn’t like those movies they play today. I don’t know how long there have been people gifted with this, and the woman I talked to didn’t know either. As far as I know, there aren’t any others with a gift like this. I’ve had it for too long now. Part of having this gift is that we have to give it away. I wasn’t told how long I would have it or when someone else would come along; I was only told that I would know when it was time. It’s probably been 95 years or more. I’ve honestly lost count.” 
“Why did you get it,” Emily signed. 
“I can’t say why that woman chose me. I didn’t believe the stories as much as my mother did. I learned early on not to get my hopes up. Remember, those days were different. People didn’t have medical miracles from a doctor's office. Hearing aids were in their infancy. So, I was always doomed to be deaf. One day we went to church, and my mother heard the person singing. Something about that person’s voice moved her that day. She looked at me and realized I would never know the sound of music. That’s when she set out to find the healer. It didn’t take her long, but the woman was living in seclusion. Funny how I’m now the old person living in seclusion.
“I’m sorry to interrupt,” Emily signed. “But are you saying I’m the next person? I’ve always known I was different. How long before I can hear?”
“It won’t take long. And yes, you’re the next person. I knew you were coming. I could feel it. The music was flowing all around this place. Me and you have a special gift. We can feel the music. I believe that we are feeling the music how God intended it to be. It’s more than just sound.” He reached over and grabbed the guitar as he continued. “I didn’t know how to play the guitar. I hadn’t actually ever picked one up. Having an instrument was a huge blessing, but it was one most of us couldn’t afford. The woman played for me just as I am about to play for you. It was like each note was filling every part of who I was; my soul felt revived. Then, just like that, I could hear. She passed me the guitar and wrote down some instructions. Within a few minutes, I was able to play. I can’t explain it except that it’s a divine purpose.”
“Emily isn’t a musician, though,” Margaret said as she looked at her daughter. “My head is spinning right now. I didn’t expect to find you. I was mostly holding on to hope for her sake, but here you are. So, she will get the guitar? Do what you do?”
“All the information I’ve learned is in this journal. I kept a list of each person who has come to see me since that day. Having those examples will help. Look, it’s not an easy road to travel. I guess I wanted to give the next person a leg up. It won’t take too long before the word gets out about you being the healer. Trust me when I say you want to keep this as much of a secret as you can. Most people don’t talk about where I’m at for a reason. Then again, I haven’t been healing as much as I used to. The music has been getting, I don’t know…weaker?” He took the pick out of the neck of the guitar and leaned forward in his chair. “I will start playing in a few minutes. I never know what I’m going to play. That’s the fun part. It’s like each person has their own personal song.”
He sat there for a few moments with his eyes closed. With his right hand, he gently rubbed the face of the guitar. He looked at Emily and signed, “Close your eyes. Feel the music.” A smile came across his face, and then he began to strum. 
He played the notes beautifully. The room began to feel energized. When Margaret looked at the guitar, she couldn’t believe it was the source of the sound. Each chord reverberated off the walls, which shouldn’t have made sense in such a small place. She looked at Emily to see her gently swaying to the music. Antonio played for about five minutes before anything else happened. 
Suddenly it was like the notes of the guitar were amplified more than before. Although Margaret couldn’t see anything, it appeared that something shot through her daughter. Emily leaned back in her seat. Tears began to stream down her cheeks as she looked from Antonio to her mother then back again.
Emily held up her hand for Antonio to stop and signed to her mother, “Mom, say my name and tell me you love me. That’s the first thing I want to hear.”
“Emily,” her mother replied with a quiver to her voice. “I love you!” 
Emily let out a loud squeal, and they both embraced each other.
“It won’t take you too long to figure out how to speak properly,” Antonio said as he began to get up from his recliner. “Tell me what you feel?”
“Excitement. Energy. A lot,” Emily answered with each syllable slurred. “Through me? And around. Everywhere. I’ve never felt anything like this before. You’ve stopped playing, but I can still feel it.”
“I knew you were the one.” Antonio now began to weep. “I knew it had to be now. I just knew it. And to think that I was so close to losing hope. Thank you for bringing her today.” He handed the guitar to Emily. “I wish there was time to explain everything. I had a lot of time to figure things out, but I’m afraid there isn’t much time for that now. How many people did you talk to before you found me?”
“Honestly, I probably talked to 75% of the town,” Emily’s mother replied. “I was desperate to find you. I mean, you were our last hope before we gave up and went back home.”
“There are a group of people who,” Antonio paused as he peered out the window. “There are people who oppose everything you stand for. They’ve never been a serious threat. It was about 30 or so years ago when a young man came to me for healing. Something didn’t feel right, but I was not the kind of person to turn someone away. If I remember correctly, he was in a car accident that left him paralyzed. I think he was an athlete or something. The details are fuzzy. When I went to play, I got violently ill. I couldn’t continue playing. There was a presence about him that wasn’t good at all. That’s one of the few times I got scared. I could see evil in his eyes. He looked at me and got a grin on his face that made me shiver. What you’re feeling now? It didn’t feel like that on that day.”
“What does this have to do with me,” Emily asked. “Maybe with me having the gift, he will leave it alone.”
“She’s not in danger, is she? We only came for healing.” Margaret was now pacing around the room. “How is it that this took a quick turn towards something dark? We can just tell people she got the implant, and it worked. Yeah, we can do that, right?” 
“I’m afraid you can’t. There has always been something special about Emily. Am I right? Trust me, people will know. They knew something was different about me before I got the gift. When I got the gift, people in need were always drawn to me. They will be drawn to you in the same way. It comes with being the healer.”
“What happened to the paralyzed dude,” Emily asked.
“He said he would be back, and he would put an end to everything. I had someone dig up a little info on him a few years ago. I’m afraid he gained a lot of powerful friends, the kind of friends you don’t want to meet. I got a message a month ago that he was looking for me. That’s why I have been here for so long, but there isn’t a way to keep it a secret. Remember, people can feel the difference. They will know that you’re the healer. The people who need you will feel the music. I don’t think he felt the mu–”
***BAM BAM BAM***
There was a loud banging on the door, and it was loud enough to shake the walls. 
“Mr. Healer-man,” a voice cried out from outside the door. “There’s been a shift. Is she the one? She’s so young. This is going to be like taking candy from a baby,” he laughed as he continued. “Or, in this case, a little girl.” 
They looked outside the window to see the young man from the store at the door. Behind him in the yard was an older gentleman in a wheelchair. He saw them peeking out the window.
“I think it’s time we talk. Please don’t make us use force.”
Antonio looked at Emily and Margaret with a worried look. 
“I’m sorry,” he said as he locked the deadbolt. “I didn’t know he would have found us so quickly.”
“It’s okay,” Emily said calmly. “Give me the guitar. I know what to do.”
Down Comes a Pillar



“What are injustices?” Brent looked at his daughter, who was shoving a piece of muffin in her mouth. “Ava, that’s a great question. I’m not sure I’ve ever had to explain this to a five-year-old before. Babe, can you help me with this one.”
“Let’s say there is a kid at your school—” 
“Like Emory?” 
“Yes, let’s use Emory as an example. Every day I pack your lunch. I make sure you have everything you need and sometimes give you a special treat, right?” Ava nodded her head, excitedly. “What if Emory came without lunch and wasn’t allowed to eat the school’s lunch. They tell her that if she doesn’t have the money, then she can’t eat.”
“That’s so mean,” exclaimed Ava. “She can have my lunch. Can’t I give her mine? Or you could make two! Yeah! Can we do that tomorrow?”
“Emory’s parents make sure she has lunch, sweetie. Remember, we are just using her as an example. I love how you responded, though. Her not eating isn’t fair; it isn’t right. That’s an injustice. You wanted to ride in to save the day and bring her lunch.”
Brent chimed back in and said, “That’s what I do, except it’s more complicated. There are a lot of mistreated people in this world. I guess you could say that there are a bunch of big ol’ meanies out there.” He scooted his chair closer to Ava and put his arm around her. “I know a month is a long time for me to be gone, but there are a lot of people who are starving where I am going. I get to work with some really cool heroes who will help get them food. You know what? I sometimes get to tell them about Jesus, too. I feed them and help save their lives.”
“Whoa,” Ava looked at her daddy with great big eyes. “Daddy, are you a superhero? That’s what I’m going to tell my class tomorrow. I bet they will be…” 
Everything seemed muffled as he tried to focus on her words. He saw her mouth move ever so slightly, but her voice changed. A deep bellowing male voice was echoing in his mind. 
“Wakie wakie. It’s time to get to work.”
Brent woke up with a start as ice-cold water poured over his head. He wanted to move, but something was holding him down. His mind was racing with nowhere to go. How long had he been here? Where was here? 
Think, Brent, he thought to himself. 
As his eyes focused, the realization hit him that it was all a dream; he was no longer at home. He could make out the muffled sound of men speaking in French. 
Central African Republic. Mission. 
The pieces were coming together. Brent remembered everything now. 
“I’m sorry for waking you up, sir. You were a little too peaceful, and I can’t have you being too comfortable.” 
Brent moved his head the little he could to see a young African man sitting in a chair next to him. A cigarette clung to the young man's lip. He looked far more professional than the other men. He was clean-shaven, and his clothes appeared to be new, clean, and pressed. He had on a green soccer cap that was equally as clean except for the slight sweat line around the front. 
“You talk in your sleep,” the man said in a thick French accent. “Did you know that? You talk more while asleep than you do when you’re awake. ‘Ava,’ you kept saying. Ava. Ava. Ava. Who is that? Your girlfriend? Wife?” He studied Brent’s expression carefully. “Nope. I don’t think that’s it. Daughter. Yes, I’m guessing it’s your daughter. How old is she?”
Brent went to open his mouth and was met with excruciating pain that shot across the left side of his face. As he winced, he let out a whimper, which was quickly followed by tears. The African man took a cloth that was sitting on a small TV tray and wiped Brent’s face.
“Mr. Brent, there is no need to start crying. It’s a conversation. You and I. That’s all we are doing. Talk to me, and I will make things a lot easier for you. You’re not the person I am interested in anyway.” 
“Who are you,” Brent asked. 
“My name is Ntsika. I am the boss around here. Your people disrupted the flow of things around here. We don’t take too kindly to people like you. I’m sure you knew that.”
“I just…” Brent whimpered again at the pain he was feeling in his jaw. “...want to help. What’s wrong with helping people? How could that be wrong?”
“Brent. Brent. Brent,” Ntsika stood up and began pacing around Brent’s table. “We have a system that works. It’s worked since long before I came along. I’m here to make sure it keeps working. You, your people, have messed that up. I’m a businessman, Brent. I can’t let you mess up my business. I’m sure you can understand that.” 
A door that Brent couldn’t see opened. Ntsika walked over and grabbed something from the person at the door. He wasn’t speaking French anymore. They were speaking a language that was unfamiliar to Brent. Then something was said that he understood. “Carmel, Maine,” Ntsika said into the phone. He just gave whoever was on the phone the address of his family. Brent’s entire body flexed as he tried to work the restraints loose. Nothing seemed to work. He was stuck here. 
“Mr. Brent,” Ntsika said as he set down the phone. “I have to apologize for being so rude. We’ve had you strapped to that table for what? Three days? You need to get cleaned up. The smell of this room is making me sick. Do you know why we chose ice water?” He took a long drag from his cigarette and exhaled a cloud of smoke. “It helps wash away your pee. The contrast of ice water and hot weather makes it feel like you’re being burned all over. We are smarter than you know, Mr. Brent.  You’ve been a tough one, though. Most people don’t last this long.” Ntsika kicked the folding chair he had been sitting in, and it flew across the room. “My patience is growing thin. Tell me who you’re working for Brent. I can help you.”
While Brent thought of his family, he couldn’t help but picture all the faces of the people they’ve helped since being here. The pain in their eyes reflected the fractured souls that were inside them. A lump was in Brent’s throat because he knew what he had to do. He had to stay strong. These people were worth it. 
“I don’t need your help. You want to know why?” Brent looked over to meet the eyes of Ntsika. “I lift my eyes to the hills, where does my help come from? My help comes from—
“NO,” yelled Ntsika. “You will not finish that. I know this phrase, this reference.” He leaned over Brent and spat in his face. “Filth. That’s what you are.” He paced for a moment, then turned around and said, “Ntsika. Do you know what that means? I wouldn’t expect you to. In Africa, our names have meaning. My name means pillar. Brent, I am the pillar these people need. Because of me, they have just enough. I give them life. You will not destroy their pillar; I won’t let you destroy me.” 
“Life,” Brent blurted out angrily. “That’s what you call it? These people are dying. Look into their eyes. They’re already dead. I’m just trying to give them a little hope. Is that such a bad thing?”
“Ava. How old is she, Brent? Go home! I’m not here for you. I want who you’re working for. I want the top. You’re not worth the effort, but I will admit you’re getting under my skin. Let me help you, Brent, and you can go home.” 
“Where does my help come from? My help comes from the Lord, the maker of heaven and earth.”
A violent punch to Brent’s temple caused his world to spin. A loud ringing sound in his ear made it difficult to hear anything else. His vision began to fade, and then he passed out.
“When are you coming home, daddy? Did you know we have a new kid at school? He is from Colorado. I don’t know where that is, but he is super nice. He sat next to me. The teacher said I get to be his helper.”
“That’s great, sweetie. I’m sure you’re a big help.” Ava was becoming distracted by something off-screen. “Hey, go get Mommy for me. I don’t have a lot of time. I love you, sweetie! I’ll be home soon.” 
“Hey, honey. You look tired,” Brent’s wife said. “Are you staying busy?”
“Yeah, we are all staying busy. I can’t properly stress how rough it is around here. We’ve had a few threatening close calls, but I think we’re okay. Honestly though? I’m so ready to come home. I miss the two of you more than I’ve ever missed you before. Seeing all this pain has made me realize how much love we have in our house. Babe, it’s so sad. Love is a foreign concept to these people. They’re hurting. You should see them light up when we start helping. I’m serious. I think it’s the first time they’ve ever seen anyone love them unconditionally. Don’t let me forget this.” 
“I won’t…”
Blackness.
Muffled sounds.
Shaking. 
Brent realized someone was moving him. His head was moving more freely. He figured he was now sitting in a chair. He could hear a lot of noise surrounding him. The loudest voice sounded like Ntsika barking orders.
“Mr. Brent, I had them clean you up. You were out for almost a full day. I feared I had taken it too far. For that, I am sorry.” 
Ntsika removed Brent’s blindfold. The light blinded him, and it was giving him a sharp, throbbing pain on the left side of his head. He took in the surroundings and noticed they were in a more beautiful place. Brent was in a comfortable seat but was still tied down. He glanced down to see that he was wearing clean clothes. Ntsika threw a folder on the table in front of him.
“Look at those pictures, Mr. Brent. Those are the people who work for me. See that girl? She is 13. She is our top money maker. Before working here, she was starving and was going to die. I’m the pillar, Mr. Brent. I keep things stable. To you, it would seem as if it’s bad. Isn’t death worse?”
“She’s a kid.” 
“A kid who I gave the gift of life. Oh, I’m sorry. I should rephrase and say that she was my top money maker. Brent, your people took her. All of you have been taking these girls, my girls, and giving them freedom. You’re destroying the pillar. I can’t allow that, Mr. Brent.” 
“I’m afraid you don’t have a lot of options. They deserve better than what you’re giving them. Their life is worth me dying. My family will understand. My love for Jesus gives me peace. You don’t have that. You have fear. I can see it in your eyes. You won’t see that in mine.” 
“I was afraid you were going to say that,” Ntsika said with a maniacal tone to his voice. “Mr. Brent, I have people everywhere. My business is international, and I strengthen my pillar of influence every day. You’re one person, Brent. What do you expect to do?” He walked over to the monitor that was on the desk. He turned it towards Brent. “I believe we can come to an agreement. Once again, Mr. Brent, I don’t want you. I just want who you work for.”
Ntsika smiled and pushed the power button on the monitor. It took a few seconds to come into focus. When it did, Brent gasped. 
“OH GOD,” Brent yelled out. “Ava!”
“Mr. Brent, I believe it’s time to talk.”

Silver Destiny



“The answers,” Tank whispered as he let out a slight cough. “The answers you’re looking for are closer than you think. Dylan, I love the way you think. You’re a lot like your father, and you don’t even know it. Let me help you out.” His voice began to trail off as he fought back the urge to fall asleep. “Bud, you’re holding on to the answers.” He let out a slight chuckle as he repeated it. “You’re holding on to the answers.”
Dylan, with some irritation in his voice, said, “Poppa Tank, could you for one moment stop speaking in riddles. Life isn’t some stupid old Kung Fu movie. You’re an old man who loves to annoy his grandson. What do you mean I am holding on to the answers? Seriously, this is ridiculous. Why can’t you just tell me? Tell me about my family.”
Dylan continued to fidget with the silver coin he was holding. Tank had given him three silver coins the first week they arrived at Evergreen. He told him they were a family heirloom. Dylan would rub the face of one of the coins with his thumb then flip the coin over every finger. Several times since being confined to his bed, Tank would say, “The answers are in your hands.” Dylan stared out the window for a few hours while he listened to Tank sleep.
Conversations these days only lasted a few minutes because of how weak Tank had become. Dylan appreciated Evergreen Hospice for making the arrangements for his grandfather. The nurses were overly nice and treated Tank as if he were royalty. The man who ran the place seemed to be old friends with Tank. Tank or Dylan never had to ask for anything. Tank’s needs were always a priority. 
Tank had always been a strong man in every way. He was a lot more physically fit than most people his age. Mentally he seemed always to have his wits about him. Tank was the kind of man who was knowledgeable about almost any topic, and he was well connected in the community. Whenever they went into a restaurant, they were always seated at the best table. In this area, Tank was like The Godfather, except he loved helping everyone and didn’t have to kill to get his respect. To watch him slowly die was devastating for everyone, especially Dylan.
At some point in the night, Dylan fell fast asleep. The sounds of that room were hypnotic; listening to them had become his nightly ritual. The other residents’ family members didn’t sleep overnight at the home, but Dylan made it clear that he wouldn’t miss a moment with his grandfather. Nobody argued. Instead, Jeff, the man who ran Evergreen, had a futon delivered and set up before the first night came around. 
Dylan awoke to a very bright morning. With it being Saturday, he knew it would be incredibly busy. Families would be flooding into the place like they did every weekend. Today, Dylan decided to go to the annual antique show at the convention center. This was something he and Tank did every year. Tank would talk about each piece as if he had bought it himself. With impeccable accuracy Tank would recall the complete history of the piece. To Dylan, it only seemed right to continue the tradition. 
As Dylan walked into the convention center, the curator greeted him. She made sure he knew the staff was there for his every need. She offered for someone to walk with him so they could answer any questions. He declined. He just wanted to walk, to look; he wanted to enjoy the memory. 
At least half of the stuff there was from the same vendors that were there before. Dylan didn't mind that. In fact, he preferred it. With each familiar piece came a story that he had tucked away in the deep recesses of his mind. Set up in the last booth far in the corner was Fenic, an old family friend. He had been a friend of the family for as long as he could remember. He was somewhat of a sidekick for Dylan’s grandfather, although Dylan never really understood why Tank needed one. Everyone within Tank’s close group of friends had nicknames. 
Fenic was a pear-shaped man who waddled when he walked. His face was usually blotchy due to rosacea. He had facial hair, but his beard was patchy. Dylan had always thought it reminded him of a sickly dog. When Fenic talked to someone he knew, he got so close it was uncomfortable. His accent was like someone combined Russian with Italian. It was an odd mixture, but it worked; it added to his overall persona and charm.  
“Dylan,” Fenic shouted from across the room. “Come here, little brother! I must know about you.”
Dylan approached the table that was adorned with old silver coins, some fragments of clay pots, and other randomly assorted knick-knacks. The sign on the table was worn out, and one corner was being held together with duct tape and zip ties. 
“Fenic, why do you still come to this thing? And why do you insist on staying in the back corner?” 
Fenic let out a loud laugh as he embraced Dylan. “This is my spot! I can see it all. I protect, little brother. I protect. So tell me, how are you? I must know. Tell me.”
“I am at a loss right now. Poppa Tank is everything I know. I don’t know my family, my history, nothing. I don’t know anything about anything. Now I’m watching my hero die. He’s been preparing me for this day, but…” Dylan stopped and started fidgeting with the loose coin. “Fenic, is anyone ever ready for this day? What do I do? Like, seriously.” 
“You are strong, little brother. Very strong indeed.” Fenic looked down at Dylan’s hand, and his eyes instantly lit up. “Did you get all three? He chose you! He knew. This is a good day, little brother. It’s a very good day! Long time we have waited.”
“A good day,” Dylan questioned. “Fenic, need I remind you that Poppa Tank could pass away at any moment? I am so lost, man.” 
Dylan took a deep breath to try and keep from crying. As he looked down he noticed the ring on Fenic’s hand. It was the same logo that was on the coins that his grandfather had given him. 
“The answer is in your hands. Are you kidding me right now?” Dylan let out a slight chuckle. “Yes, Fenic. Poppa Tank gave me all three. He told me the answer was in my hands. Was he referring to these coins? And what exactly does that mean?” 
“Come with me. We have very little time. We have waited for this day for a long time. Did he tell you about your mother? We have to get the tribe together. They will help explain who you are.” Fenic sat down, and the broad smile never left his face. “This is a good day, little brother. A very good day indeed. To be that young with so much power. Dylan, life is about to get interesting.” 

Give and Take



“It’s never easy to deliver this kind of news,” said the counselor who was sitting next to the doctor. “The treatment isn’t working. Even if we continued with another round, it would cause far more pain than what’s necessary. We don’t make it a habit of putting any child through something like that. I am going to leave you with this information and give you some time to think things through. We will do everything within our power to make her comfortable and pain-free.”
For Marty, the next few days were a blur. The same “why” questions he asked when their daughter, Desiree, was diagnosed with neuroblastoma began to flood his mind. The doctor said it was odd that nobody was able to detect the problem before his diagnosis. With how much the treatment had advanced, the chances of it working were still slim, but it was worth a shot. They were willing to try anything and remained optimistic. There was always hope thanks to all the friends and family who said they were praying.
But what if prayer isn’t enough, Marty would think far too often.
Marty was sitting beside the bed. His wife went to pick up some of the family who had come into town. While sitting there, it seemed as if his last ounce of hope faded. Marty’s hope turned to anger. It was only a few months after the diagnosis, which involved painful treatments, and life had changed. They didn’t expect to be getting this kind of news from the hospital staff. The once cheerful and full of life little girl had a different look about her now. Any trace of cheer had since dissipated; sadness had overcome their little girl. Her veins were showing more than usual as though her skin was almost translucent. Although the staff did everything possible to help her, every movement caused Desiree to wince in pain.
“God…” Marty paused as he wiped away the tears. “What’s the purpose of hope? Prayer? All of it! I can’t do this anymore. I quit and refuse to–”
“She always has the greatest smile,” said a voice from behind Marty. “I’m sorry to bother you. I wanted to let you know what a blessing her smile has been. I noticed it the first time we brought my granddaughter up here for treatment. It seems unfair to witness a smile like that in a place like this. Those smiles seem to fade, don't they? Poor thing.”
Marty glanced at the doorway in hopes they would see his annoyance. A woman was standing at the door slightly hunched over. He assumed she was easily pushing 80 years old. Although she smiled at Marty, her eyes seemed empty and void of life.
“May I sit down with you? I’m trying to get a few laps in while we are waiting, but these old bones aren’t what they used to be.”
“Oh…um…yeah,” Marty replied with a stretch. “I guess I could use the company.”
The old woman shuffled over, and while she was sitting down, she said, “I’ve seen that look before. Wanna talk about it?”
Marty scoffed. “You know, that’s all we’ve been doing is talking about it, praying about it." He spat out those last words as if they were poison to his tongue. "You know what? A lot of good that’s done. Look where we're at. What’s the point in all this optimistic bible crap if we…Whoa! What am I saying? I am so sorry.” He shook his head and looked at the woman. “I don’t make it a habit of talking like that. Moment of honesty, though? It felt kind of nice to let that out. We will blame it on the lack of sleep. I’m Marty.” 
The old woman looked at his extended hand, “I know who you are. I know a lot more than most other people do. Don't apologize for the anger. You're right, Marty. What is the point? And please excuse me for not shaking your hand. Nothing rude, of course. I just have a thing about handshaking.”
Something about her countenance had changed in the few minutes she had been there. The anger inside of Marty grew feeling more energetic, and he loved every bit of it.
“No offense taken,” Marty said with a slight chuckle. “My brother is the same way about shaking…hold up a second. What do you mean, you know me? Have we met? I feel like I would remember, but I’m not sure I remember seeing you around here.”
“I know you. Your story. Her story.” She reached out and patted the arm of Desiree, who was lying still under the thick blanket. “I know your story, but why don’t you share your side of things. Why have you lost hope? Why would you willingly give up on all those prayers? Why are you so angry?”
Usually, he would ask someone like this to leave. Why was he allowing this old woman to stay? He wanted to chalk it up to delirium, but it was as if the woman understood. Her being in the room made him feel safe; he could express his anger without the fear of being judged. 
“Our story? It’s rather simple. They didn’t catch the illness in time, and it destroyed her body. My wife and I maintained hope that something good would happen. It seems rather stupid at this point, but we really did believe she would defy the doctor’s reports. I mean, unexplainable things happen all the time, you know? But look where that’s gotten us.” He stood up and began to pace around the room. "And why am I angry? How much time do you have? I'm angry that it's my daughter that has to be sick. I'm angry because I am going to have to bury my daughter. No parent should have to bury their child. I'm angry at everything. I'm angry at..." He hesitated because he was feeling a sudden rush. He steadied himself and continued. Was he about to say these words? "I'm angry at God. I know, I know. Horrible, isn't it?" 
“Aren't we allowed to express our anger, even if it's towards God himself? You're expressing a normal human emotion. He gave those emotions to you, so why not use them. You look flushed. Come and sit down. It's obvious at this point that it’s been a rough few months for you and your family." 
They sat in silence for a few moments while the feelings of anger, resentment, and bitterness grew. Marty was trying to calm himself down by controlling his breathing, but nothing seemed to work.  Suddenly the woman started lightly humming, which gave Marty chills all over. As soon as the humming began, Desiree began to move a little, and her slight moans reflected the pain she was feeling. Guilt quickly came over Marty. How could he have let himself get so angry around his baby girl?
“I think it's best I spend some time alone if you don’t mind,” Marty said while leaning in towards his daughter in an attempt to comfort her. “My wife is coming back soon with the family. I want to get cleaned up before they get here. And I need to clear my mind. I don't usually allow such ugliness to take over me like–”
The woman violently shushed him and put her finger on his lips. “Don’t be rude, Marty,” she snapped with an enraged look in her eyes. “You never know who it is you’re talking to. I will make this quick. You don’t have any hope left. What’re you going to do? Sit in this room and watch her die? What kind of justice is that? I’ve got an opportunity for you because I like you.” She leaned in close to his ear and whispered, “She will find her healing by tomorrow, but there is a catch. You have to work for me.”
Marty pulled away, gently pushing his seat back a little. He didn’t say anything for about a minute. How could she offer healing, Marty thought.
“Let’s assume I believe you could do this, which seems insanely ridiculous. I can’t believe I’m even amusing this conversation at this point. What would I have to do? How would I work for you?”
“You would help your daughter. Her future would be full of life, which is more than she has right now. You would have to do something in return to spare her life. You would have to decide which life is less important than hers. For every year she lives from this date on, you have to decide who you’re willing to take a year from. Give and take. It’s that simple. The only stipulation is that the person you’re taking life from has to deserve it. Otherwise, what was pardoned – her sickness – will come back on your family sevenfold. This isn’t a game for you to–”
“Wow,” Marty blurted out with a laugh. “You actually expect me to believe this nonsense? This is great! I’ll tell you what. Sure. Yeah, I will do your bidding if you promise to stick around so my wife can meet you.” His sarcastic tone thickened as he continued. “You’ve managed to make me laugh, which is quite the accomplishment at this point. My wife will want to meet the person who made me laugh. You sure you didn’t come from the crazy floor?” 
The woman quickly grabbed Marty’s right hand. She removed a small pin from her hair, stuck his palm, and said, “Shake on it. This is your agreement, your blood contract. I will hold you to it. But before you shake, remember what I said. Give, take, and be careful about who you choose.” 
She stared at him, awaiting his answer. Marty, although with a slight smirk, gave an affirming nod. They shook hands. When they released their handshake, Desiree began to move again. Marty looked at her because the timing caught him off guard. She began to cough worse than before. Reality quickly set in that his daughter was still sick. 
“So who will the first person be,” the lady asked.
“Okay, I have put up with your crazy long enough. If it amuses you, then I guess,” Marty looked at the newspaper sitting on the bench near the window. “You know what? Take it from that guy. He’s making headline news all over the globe for what he does to the people in his country. Take a couple of years from his life. You happy now?”
He turned around to find that the woman was no longer in the room. The pinprick on his hand was no longer there either, but there was still an intense burning in his palm. It was about an hour later when everyone else showed up. After visiting for a few minutes, Marty’s wife suggested they get something to eat. 
“You don’t look well,” she said to Marty. 
It was nice getting out of the hospital. Marty made sure not to tell anyone about what happened earlier that day in fear that they would think he had finally lost it.
As they were winding down for the night at home, the phone rang. The screen read, “Dee’s Doctor.” Marty’s heart sank, realizing this was it. This dreaded phone call was the one everyone was dreading. 
Marty walked out of the room for a moment. He couldn’t bear to hear the news. Not right now.
“God, you can’t do this. Not today.” The same anger he felt at the hospital was back, but somehow it was more intense. He felt lightheaded as he allowed the feeling to consume him.
Give and take, a voice inside of him called out. Give and take, Marty. Remember, she will be okay.
The next few seconds were the longest of Marty’s life as he tried to listen in on the phone call. He could tell that it wasn’t bad news. His wife hung up the phone, and with tears in her eyes, she ran towards Marty and clung to him. 
“Desiree woke up just now and asked for something to eat. Can you believe that? They said she has great color and is more responsive than when she started coming in. I can’t believe this! Oh Marty!” She excitedly kissed Marty. “They said they’re going to do a round of blood work, which could take a while, but she seems fine. The doctor was so impressed that he insisted they put a rush on everything. I seriously can’t believe this. We have to go see her!”
They spent most of the night in the hospital waiting for the results. Desiree was wide awake, talking, and seemed as cheerful as she ever did before she got sick. Everything about her indicated that cancer was no longer winning the fight. They beat it! They beat cancer.
“Well, I can’t believe I am saying this,” said the doctor as he came into the room. “I have to be honest that I’ve never seen anything like this. It’s difficult for me to wrap my mind around, and I’m a religious man at that. I believe in stuff like this. So, her blood count is perfect. We will keep her for a few days to monitor everything, but after that, she’s okay to go home.”
“Perfect?” questioned Marty’s wife. “How?”
The doctor’s face lit up as he said, “As in there aren’t any traces of cancer anywhere. We will still have to do some scans to be sure, but all in all, I think we can give her a clean bill of health. According to what I see, you can expect little Dee here to have a long and happy life.”
Marty looked down at his hand as the burning in his palm was growing more intense. There was a dark mark taking up most of his palm. Looking at it gave him a sense of empowerment. It wasn’t the thought of his daughter living that filled him with joy; it was the thought of taking life from other people.
The rush he felt earlier when angry swept over him like a tidal wave. He took a few deep breaths as he savored this moment. With a maniacal grin, he whispered, “Give and take. Take. Take. Take. Oh, this will be fun.”
I love you, bro.



“I love you, bro.” Clint winked at his little brother, Kyle, as he walked out the door. “Christine is pulling up now. I am going to be at work. I put my schedule on the fridge.” Kyle just sat there working on whatever his new project was. “Oh...dude! I almost forgot. It’s taco night. Text me if we are doing chicken, shrimp, or both. I have to stop and get the stuff. That will change the schedule I put on the fridge. I will let Christine know so she can add it.” 
When Kyle was three years old, his family got the diagnosis that he was on the Autism spectrum. Their parents spent the first few years learning everything they could. They wanted to give Kyle the best life possible. 
Clint loved having a little brother. His favorite thing was the connection the two of them had; they were almost inseparable. He never saw anything wrong with his little brother. If anything, Clint felt even more protective. He quickly discovered that people don’t understand autism. Before long, it was clear that the two of them had a special bond. And although Kyle was nonverbal, the two of them quickly figured out how to communicate; they had an unspoken language that only the two of them could understand.
Clint had arranged for Christine, a caregiver who worked with adults with autism, to come by the house three days a week to work with Kyle. Clint always left a meticulously detailed schedule with where he would be, for how long, and why. Leaving a schedule ensured that Kyle wouldn’t worry. Everything was always perfectly planned out. 
Today Christine was going to be taking Kyle to a convention. Going there presented a considerable problem since he hated being around large groups of people. The convention center had agreed to allow him to show up a couple of days early. While there would be a few vendors missing, she was certain Kyle would love seeing everything there.
Kyle was a technological genius. From a relatively early age, he started taking things apart and separating all the little pieces into bins. Kyle loved it, and it always kept him focused. When he entered the building phase, he added coding. Making all those pieces to work together fascinated him. He would stay awake for days at a time reading, building, and coding. Although Clint tried to help Kyle find a sleep pattern, he learned that there was nothing he could do to stop this behavior. It was always best to let Kyle dive headlong into whatever project he was focusing on. Clint would ensure there were snacks and plenty of the water bottles on hand, all of which had the labels facing a specific direction. 
Kyle packed his backpack with a lot of pieces that he had been working on for a few weeks. His excitement was evident. Christine then spent 15 minutes in the car with him going over the day's schedule. She mapped out how they would get there, figured in a couple of extra minutes for possible detours, although nothing indicated that they would encounter anything. 
Finally, they made their way to the convention center where the unexpected happened. Kyle seemed to be more excited than stressed out. Seeing the people, all the trucks, and bright lights didn’t cause any problems. Not being stressed out was odd because this wasn’t his typical behavior when visiting a new place. Christine looked up at the front door to see a man standing there, holding a sign that said, “Welcome, Kyle!” 
“Oh, my God! Look at that, Kyle! They are ready for you,” said Christine exuberantly. “Do you think you’re ready to go in?” 
Kyle gave his approval.
When they got inside, there were vendors everywhere hustling to get set up. Christine was the one who was supposed to help Kyle, but she seemed to be the one more overwhelmed with everything going on. Kyle usually had a good sense of when another person was uncomfortable. That would generally make him tense up. In this case, he was so laser-focused that he almost didn’t even notice that she was also there. 
Kyle didn’t seem to care about most of the kiosks. He weaved through every station as if he were looking for something specific. He started to get flustered and sat down in the middle of the floor, where there was a lot of traffic. Christine couldn’t get him to calm down when a man walked up and sat next to Kyle.
“Kyle, I think you’re looking for me.” The man gave a huge smile as he continued. “Sorry, buddy. I shaved. That’s why you couldn’t find me. Look, here’s my badge. See? That’s me with the beard—same guy. I’m Tony, but just a little less hairy. Why don’t we go sit where I have everything set up in my booth.”
With a massive sigh of relief, Kyle got up from where he was sitting and followed Tony to his booth. 
“My son is autistic. He is a lot like Kyle, except my son doesn’t communicate as much as Kyle does. I’ll admit that I’m a little jealous. I would love to know what my son is thinking.”
“What you do mean by communicating,” Christine questioned. “He only has a few words he will speak. That alone comes with hours of work and concentration.”
“Christine, I am sure you’re great at what you do. I learned a while back that we have to learn to speak their language instead of always pressuring them to speak ours. Kyle can communicate quite well through written messages.” Tony pulled out his phone and showed it to Christine. “Look here. This was when he reached out to me originally. He seemed extremely interested in my latest technology. I am developing new tech for sleep. My son is like Kyle in that he rarely sleeps. It became my mission to create something that enables him to sleep comfortably.”
Tony went to get the equipment and his computer.
“I was highlighted in a quarterly magazine while this whole idea was in its infancy. That’s where Kyle found me and reached out to me. Now, his messages are a little difficult to comprehend, but I think you’ll see that he can hold a conversation. If you look here, you’ll see that we video call, too. Of course, he doesn’t speak, but I think you’ll find that we communicate quite well without him using any words.” Tony then looked at Kyle and pointed towards a box. “Hey Kyle, you’ll find everything you need inside that box over there. It’s all yours, buddy.”
Kyle walked over to a counter and pulled everything out of his bag. He then took the box of gear and went to work. 
“Fascinating,” Christine whispered as she looked at the videos. “And what is it that he is working on? Why did he reach out to you? I mean, whatever it is, he’s been secretive about it.”
“That, my friend, is a mystery to us both. Kyle is a very clever man. He agreed to help me with my problem, which had been a problem for a little more than a year. We agreed that if he helped me, then I would give him access to some of the technology that makes all of this work. These are things that most people can’t get their hands on yet. Other than that, I have no idea what he’s doing.” Tony picked up the headgear that was the center of attention in his booth. “I wouldn’t have this if it weren’t for him. I offered him money, but he didn’t want it. ‘Just your gear,’ he would keep telling me. So I had to be okay with that, although I feel I’m getting the bargain. We agreed to meet when I had the convention, and here we are. He’s a brilliant kid. He even made sure I had his brother's information. That way, if he had a meltdown moment while here, I could call him and let him know what was going on.” Tony got a little misty-eyed as he continued. “I would love to have this kind of connection with my son. Don’t get me wrong, my son and I are close, but it’s different. I would give everything…” Tony paused and stared at Kyle for a minute.
“You know, I’ve been keeping a close eye on everything he’s working on.” Christine kept nervously looking around as if she were waiting on someone. “A few years ago, I noticed that his work seemed to be intentional. He wasn’t just taking stuff apart and building nonsense. He was working on something. We’ve had a lot of breakdowns, you know? I’ve worked my butt off to keep him on track. I knew he was working on something big.  Please, excuse me for a moment.”
Christine walked away and started texting. Tony walked over to help Kyle, but he noticed that he was packing everything away. 
“Done already,” Tony asked. “I guess you were about done with it anyway. Let’s see what you were working on.”
Kyle made it abundantly clear that he didn’t want anyone to touch his stuff. He kept shaking his head no while he gently rocked with the bag held close to him. Christine walked up and grabbed Kyle by the arm.
“Kyle, we have to go. I forgot we have another appointment today. I have to meet a friend of mine...ummm...my boss. I have to meet with my boss.”
They both left the convention center, and it was clear that Kyle was upset. Tony sent a text to Clint that read: 
Hey Clint, this is Tony. I just met with your brother and a young lady. Christine? They just left in a hurry. She said she had an important message from her boss. I’m just giving you a heads up because something seemed off. Kyle was visibly upset. They’re going to meet whoever this boss is. Thank you for letting me finally meet Kyle in person, by the way. You’re correct that he’s one of a kind.
Clint quickly opened up an app that connected to Kyle’s smartwatch. Although he hadn’t done it in a while, Kyle used to wander off occasionally. As a precaution, Clint gave his brother a smartwatch and made him promise not to take it off or take it apart. After about a minute, Clint got a hit. Christine and Kyle had deviated off the original path. He immediately knew this was abnormal behavior. He decided to meet up with them once they stopped. 
After about 20 minutes of driving, he finally figured out where they parked. In an old parking lot outside of town sat Christine’s car. Parked next to her was a black panel van. Clint drove over to them and got out to make sure his brother was okay. He walked towards Christine's car, but an older gentleman cut him off before he could get there.
“You must be the brother,” the man said with a sinister grin. “You’re just the man we needed. Your idiot brother won’t cooperate, and we need answers.”
“Idiot brother? Listen up, old-timer. I would strongly suggest you choose your words wisely. I need you to trust me on this one. You’ve messed with the wrong family.” Clint looked over at Kyle, who was sitting on an old milk crate beside the van. Christine was sternly holding Kyle down by the shoulder. “You okay, little bro?” 
Kyle didn’t respond. He kept reaching for his bag. 
“At least give him the bag. Did that cross your mind? And Christine, what are you doing?” He noticed her look of aggravation. “You might want to take your hands off of my brother.”
Christine took her hands off, and immediately Kyle grabbed his bag. He pulled out all the gear that was inside and proceeded to put on the headgear.
“Now,” Clint continued. “Back to you, old-timer. Why are you messing with my family?”
“That’s a complicated answer,” the old man replied. “I’ve been following your brother closely for quite some time. He might be working on something that could be a legitimate goldmine.” As he was speaking, he slowly brushed his jacket away from his side. Clint saw a nicely polished .45 caliber handgun gently rested in its holster. The old man patted it with his hand as he continued, “I would be careful how you talk to me. You understand, don’t you, Clint?”
“Easy, old-timer,” said Clint with a worried look on his face. “I completely understand. You’re old and senile. But that’s not any reason to hurt anyone. At least it doesn’t look like you’ve hurt my brother. Let him go and take his stuff. Just let us get out of here.” Clint glanced over at Kyle, who was now frantically putting on some makeshift headgear while fidgeting with something in his bag. Clint winked at Kyle and said, “Hey, little bro? Can you do me a favor? I am going to need you to turn on your music and close your eyes. Do you understand? I don’t want you to stress out. All we are doing is talking. But don’t take your headphones off until I come over to you.” 
Kyle didn’t nod or respond in any way. Instead, he reached up and flipped a switch. The headgear started glowing. After about 15 seconds, Kyle fell to the ground and started grabbing his head. Christine didn’t do anything to help him.
“Kyle!” Clint started to run over to him, but the older man unholstered his gun, pointing it at Kyle. 
The old man looked at Kyle then back to Clint and said, “I don’t think so. I need to see if this works or, at the very least, see what this stupid thing is. I have someone interested in the pictures Christine sent me. I’m not much of a tech guy myself. I am a money guy, though. And let's just say I was offered a lot of money for whatever this thing is.” 
After about a minute, Kyle sat up and rested himself against the car. He started laughing. Random moments of laughter weren’t too uncommon because he would laugh at the most random, and sometimes inappropriate moments. Kyle looked up to his brother Clint and winked.
“Okay big brother, this battery won’t last long. I thought it had more juice than this. So, you trust me, right? I’ve known about Christine for a while, but I didn’t have a way to tell you.” He started laughing again. “You should see the look on your face. I have to admit that I’m just as shocked. Who knew I had such a deep voice?” 
Everyone stood there astounded at what they were seeing. Kyle stood up and looked at the older man.
“Okay, old man. You made one major mistake. You flashed that stupid water pistol at my brother. I was only going to take you down until the cops arrived, but I’ve changed my plans. You’ve messed with the wrong family.” He glanced over at his brother and said, “Clint, I know you have a lot of questions. I will answer them in a second. Just make sure Christine here doesn’t try anything stupid. The old-timer and I have a lot to discuss. Oh...and I have been waiting my entire life to say this to you.” Kyle seemed as if he was getting choked up. “I...I love you, bro.”

Prison Sentence



Rumors had spread for several years about Stanton Prison. It’s often referred to as Area 51 for inmates. Inmates serve their time and they’re released, but they never discuss what goes on inside the walls of the prison. Aside from the guards that occupy the buildings around the premises, rarely are employees seen leaving or entering. People had speculated, but nobody knew what was going on inside Stanton Prison. 
At long last, the rumor mill was buzzing. There has been talking about visiting hours becoming a reality. For obvious reasons, the idea of visiting created quite a stir. Most families had not been allowed entrance for the first three years. 
After the prison first opened, the families started petitioning the state department about visitation hours. What’s worse, inmates were not allowed to call home. Those years brought on a lot of worries for the family and friends of the inmates. People wanted to know what was happening. Why were there so many secrets? 
Jacob made countless calls to his congressperson, sent in more letters than he could count, and visited the state department every week. He was the only family Michael, a current inmate at Stanton Prison, had left. 
Michael had a rough life of being raised by a drug-addicted mother. When he was 12 years old he was sent to foster care. He bounced from house to house for a few years before he ran away. Jacob and his father had tried to get him to live with them, but the system was always against them. Michael had no other family listed, so foster care was all he knew as a teenager. Michael was full of ideas and always talked about the “next big thing” that would lead him out of his slum lifestyle. 
When Michael turned 20, he was a victim of being in the wrong place at the wrong time. His court-appointed attorney was a skinny, frail older man with the memory of an Alzheimer's patient. Michael jokingly described him as the Grim Reaper’s next appointment. Unfortunately, no matter what they did, everything seemed to be stacked against Michael. He was sentenced to 15 years without the possibility of parole. 
Quite a bit of time had elapsed since being sent to prison. Michael had pretty much given up hope, just as most of the other inmates had done. Hope wasn’t something anyone in Stanton held onto, because it would lead to more heartache. The idea of loved ones coming to see them scared most of the inmates. This fear is why Michael didn’t get too excited when finding out there would be visitation. He prayed that everyone had forgotten about him. 
It was a week ago that Jacob received a letter from the prison director. This letter was a welcomed change considering nothing Jacob had done ever got a response. The letter received read:
Jacob Roslin,
Thank you for your inquiry for the visitation of inmate #000821B (Michael Clayton). Your requested date and time of March 06, 2020, at 1300 HRS is currently unavailable. Visitation is limited to the below schedule. 
Every third Saturday, 1000 - 1200 or 1300 - 1500.
We suggest you arrive 15 minutes early to Gate 4 for check-in.
See the attached document for a complete list of rules and procedures.
(Important: For your safety, we kindly ask that you refrain from venturing outside of the designated areas.)
Sincerely,
Henry Stanton
Executive Director
Although Jacob was running late, the day had finally come when he was able to visit. For no reason at all, he felt incredibly nervous. What would he say? Would they talk about the good old days? Would that bring up too many bad memories for Michael? 
He reached Gate 6, where several other cars were parked. One other person was going through the check-in procedures, too. That made Michael feel a little better, knowing he wasn’t alone. The briefing, pat down, and the scan took about 15 minutes. It took another 10 minutes to get into the prison. There were four different gates they had to go through. Part of the briefing was letting them know there weren’t any guards inside. There was a reassurance put on safety. 
“Safety is of the highest importance,” the guard briefed. “There is nothing to worry about as long as you stay in the clearly marked safe zones.”
No matter what, something seemed odd about there being no guards to enforce that safety.
When Jacob got to the common area, it was clear that something was off. He first attributed it to the fact that he had never actually been to a prison before today. Jacob made eye contact with Michael from across the yard and started walking towards him. Upon seeing him, Michael hit the ground and buried his head into his hands. Jacob looked around to see most of the other inmates now had fear-stricken looks on their faces.
“No, no, no! You’re not supposed to be here.” Michael looked up at Jacob. “Jacob, you have to leave. You gotta trust me on this one. Get outta here. This isn’t the kind of place for you, bro.” 
Jacob looked puzzled and said, “Leave? Are you serious? I want to be here. I’ve always wanted to be there for you, and I am here now. What kind of person would I be if I just left you in here alone?”
Michael grabbed Jacob’s shoulder and said, “No! You don’t understand. You can’t be here. None of these people should be here. This is bad. You should have just left me to rot in this place.”
Michael stood up, paced in front of the table, and fidgeted with the bracelet that had two small flashing green lights on it. Before Jacob said anything, he took a look at the other inmates. All of them were wearing similar bracelets. 
Michael leaned in towards Jacob. “This bracelet,” Michael whispered. “Do you see this bracelet? It tracks each inmate. They didn’t give any of you one? Why wouldn’t they? Jacob, this place isn’t safe.” Michael looked at the cameras. The red lights on each one were turning off, indicating that they were deactivated. “Dude, you missed the first appointment. You might have been okay if you would have been here then. Dang it! Why did you have to show up? You always have to be the freaking good guy.” 
Michael looked at Jacob with a worrisome look. It was clear that this was a legitimate fear. He couldn’t wrap his mind around why they would be so afraid, especially considering how adamant the guards were about this being a safe environment. 
“You only have about five minutes,” Michael said as he was trying to force the bracelet off his wrist. “Why would you even show up this late? What sense does that make? What were you going to do? Say hi and then leave? They–they knew you wouldn’t make it back out. They had to know!”
A loud gong sound came across the speakers. Hearing this, the inmates quickly started to make their way into the barracks.
“Calm down,” Jacob said as he was trying to figure out what was going on. He looked at the few remaining inmates and noticed that each one was fear-stricken. They were frantically trying to get inside. “Why is everyone in such a hurry? I mean, is it that big of a deal if I am over one minute? It’s one stupid minute! Talk to me, man. What’s going on?”
There was a rustling across the courtyard. Michael looked up and jumped across the table. He stood in between Jacob and whatever was making the noise.
“Listen to me closely, Jacob.” Michael turned around and looked intensely at Jacob. “Put this bracelet on. Your hands are smaller than mine, so you should be okay. It will get you in the door.”
“Dude, shut up,” Jacob yelled. “What the freak is happening right now?”
“Take this, too. It’s a letter that I started a few days ago. I thought I had more time to write everything down. Please know that this wasn’t my fault. You weren’t supposed to be here. When I start running, I want you to go into the door to your right. Go talk to a guy called Skully. He will help you get out of here.” Michael looked behind him then glanced back at Jacob. “Hey...thanks for coming, by the way. I always knew I would go out with a bang.” 
Michael turned around and started running. Jacob was making his way to the door when he turned around to see where Michael was going.
“What?” An immediate fear stopped Jacob in his tracks. “There’s no way that thing is real! This isn’t real. Like, that can’t be real. Oh, God! Michael, stop!”
Jacob watched as Michael’s lifeless body quickly fell to the ground. If he hadn’t seen it with his own eyes, there would be no way he would believe this just happened. A pungent smell of blood mixed with sweat and dirt filled the air. It now fixed its eyes on Jacob. He turned to run to the door that was about 20 yards away. 
There was a sound of heavy footsteps that was getting louder behind him. Five more yards, and he would make it to the door. He had to make it to the door.
“No! Don’t close the door!” 
THUD

Departed Death



Savannah watched the older couple, maybe in their mid 50’s, get into their SUV. The man held the door open for his wife. They dressed nicer than what most people would wear on a date night. There must be an event. Savannah checked her file to see that they were going to a gala event to raise money for a local women’s shelter. A sense of dread came over her.
“Do you ever wonder why they have to die,” Savannah asked Jeffrey, her partner for this mission. “I mean, they’re going to a freaking gala to raise money for a battered women’s shelter. And can you see her aura? It’s different. She’s not like most people.” She punched the steering wheel in frustration. “The more I do this, the harder it gets. You know…I’ve lost count of how many people I’ve watched die. Nobody should have to see that much death. I think it’s jacking with me.”
Jeffrey looked up from his sketch pad and gave Savannah a look. She knew this look well. It was his way of telling her to shut up.
“Savannah, you know I think you’re an okay person, right?” 
“Wow, just okay?”
“Look, I usually do these alone. Why the rest of us suddenly have to babysit you is beyond me. I like being alone, always alone, and in silence. I bring my sketch pad, and I draw. It’s my way of dealing with the silence. It’s my me time, and I like it that way.” He held up his pad and pointed it towards her. “Today, I am drawing in a graffiti style. It’s kind of my go-to. I have 32 of these drawings. 32. Do you know why 32?” Savannah opened her mouth to answer, but Jeffrey held up his hand to cut her off and continued. “I’ve been on 32 of these stupid jobs. That’s 32 jobs watching people die. I’m okay with that. We have a gift if you want to call it that. Then I go home, read a comic or two, watch a little T.V., and I go to sleep. I sleep well, too. Wanna know why? Because I find a way to cope. These simple little sketches might not look like much to you, but they help me cope. You need to find your thing. If you don’t mind,” he leaned into his pad and started sketching again. “I would like to draw in silence. You know what that is, right?”
“But think about it,” Savannah said as Jeffrey scoffed in anger. “Those people are good people, like, really good people. You saw the file. What if we could save them? There are kids in that car. What about…”
Savannah went silent. A look of shock, maybe excitement, came over her as she watched the couple take a left at the light. 
“What’s that look for,” asked Jeffrey.
“Look. The woman. Her date changed. It’s not today anymore. Something changed. That has to mean something. I told you her aura was different!”
“What? What do you mean it’s changed? You’re not getting out of this job,” said Jeffrey. “They are scheduled to die today. The date doesn’t change, Savannah. That’s not how it works. We complete the task. Seriously…are you okay? You’re making me a little uncomfortable. Has this never happened before with you? And what do you mean, her aura? You’re not one of those freaky palm reading psychos, are you? That would answer a lot of questions for the rest of us.”
“Yes, this has happened before. It just sucks. That’s all I am saying. It would be different if the couple were, I don’t know, mass murders or something. Why them? Why those kids?”
Savannah and Jeffrey went through with everything. Jeffrey did most of the work once the couple had crashed. He took a piece of the broken windshield and made it look like it had flown into the woman’s neck. Although Savannah was disturbed by it all, she couldn’t help but admire the cleverness of Jeffrey’s execution. He was known for leaving no room for questions to be asked. 
That night seemed longer and emptier than any other night. She could have saved that family like she’s saved several others. She had gotten quite good at it. This job was the third one with her being paired with someone. She had a crippling fear that her boss would find out. In her mind, it was worth it no matter what. Why continue to fight it. She couldn’t keep doing this job, but that presented a problem. Working in this field was a lifetime gig, and the financial benefits were lucrative. She didn’t care about the money anymore, though. Families like the one that just died were worth more than any amount of money she would receive. 
Savannah spent almost an hour soaking in the bath when she got home. That was her way of processing. She would submerge herself under the water with only her nose and mouth sticking out. She blasted music through her speaker to drown out the city noise. The music choice for tonight was folk music. The world disappeared, but her memories remained.
Forever embedded in her mind were the haunting images of the jobs she completed. There was no coping mechanism that would help her with that. It was her burden to carry. The problem was the burden that was becoming too heavy. She couldn’t keep going like this.
She got out of the bath and went to pour another glass of wine. Enough poured out to fill the bottom of her glass. She was already a full bottle into the night, but her thoughts were louder than ever. Tears began to fill her eyes as she thought about the look in the woman’s face from earlier that night. 
“Are they okay,” the woman asked. “Please tell me the kids are okay.”
There was a light knock at her door. Savannah wiped the tears from her cheek, took a few deep breaths, and put on her typical happy face. She had become an expert at hiding her emotions from most people.
“No,” she said as she was looking through the peephole. “No, no, no!”
She opened the door to be met by an older gentleman named Glen. Glen and his wife were one of the first families Savannah had saved. Savannah made sure to set them up with new identities, a rural place to live in Montana, and made sure everything still looked like they had passed away. Glen wasn’t supposed to be here today. The look on his face told her that something wasn’t right. 
“Glen, sir,” Savannah said curiously. “You’re not supposed to be here. I thought I made that clear. Someone could see you. Quick, come inside. You look–”
“They already know. They found us. You said we were safe,” Glen yelled angrily. “Why is this happening? What did we do? Oh, God! She’s gone!”
He handed over his phone, which had a picture pulled up. On the screen was a message written in red. That can’t be blood, Savannah thought to herself. The words written on the wall made it clear that it was.
You’re next, the red lettering said. Barb was lying on the ground underneath the message. There was a piece of paper pinned near the message. Glen scrolled over to a picture of the note as he collapsed against the wall.
“You didn’t do anything, Glen. There was no way that they could have known. I don’t understand.”
She glanced at the note which read:
My sweet Savannah, I admire your tenacity and willingness to help the people you have. I knew you were different. All of your other families were eliminated as they should have been. I’ve been thorough in making sure all loose ends have been taken care of. Glen is the last person left, and I assure you he will be disposed of soon enough. Don’t try to save him. Meet me in my office.
Gregory R. Garner
She looked up to meet Glen’s eyes. He looked defeated, like a scared, trapped animal.
“Okay, here’s what we need to do. I have a place in–”
“Tumor,” Glen interrupted. “The man who wrote the note was there. He said I have a tumor. He said I had three days before it would take me. He’s right. I can feel it. That was three days ago. I’m going to our old house. I want to die there. We lived most of our lives in that house. It just seems right, you know?”
Savannah parted ways with Glen. There was nothing she could say or do that would convince him otherwise.
“You didn’t see him—Those eyes,” he kept saying. 
He was right, though. Savannah hadn’t seen him. She was the only one at the firm that hadn’t met Mr. Garner. That seemed odd because he was usually the last person everyone else trained with to ensure they were field ready. Going to their first job with him was like receiving a certificate of approval. 
She walked into the firm that was on the top floor of a large office building. When she entered the office, there was nobody there. The receptionist's desk was empty; nobody was in their cubicles; everything was empty. Only a few lights were on, which left a blanket of darkness throughout the office. 
A man walked out to greet Savannah. She had seen his pictures plenty of times. This was Gregory R. Garner, the owner of the firm. He was a lot taller than she thought he would be. 
You didn’t see him—those eyes. The words of Glen were still fresh in her mind. 
Mr. Garner reached out with a smile to shake her hand. She focused intently on his eyes as she tried to read him. 
“My sweet Savannah, I’m glad you came in. I can imagine you have a lot of questions. We will get to that in time. I have one for you, though. What do you see?” Her expression was one of confusion. “In my eyes. I know that gentleman said something to you. I’ll admit they were a sweet couple. But I have a job to do. Anyway, so tell me, what do you see?”
“I-I-I see pain, darkness, I see…oh, my God!”
“No, not quite God,” Mr. Garner said with a sinister laugh. “You know what I find funny?”
“No, but I’m sure you’re going to tell me,” Savannah replied sarcastically.
“That was a rhetorical question.” He waved his hand at her, and she was thrown into the chair a few feet behind her. “I’ve been doing this for many years. I’ve met my share of atheists. They’re my favorite. I show up, and when they look me in the eyes, ‘Oh my God,” they say. Do you know what most of them start doing? They start praying. Now, isn’t that an odd thing? They spend their entire life denying God, but when I come along, they pray. I love letting them live longer than anyone else. Hearing them cry out to a God they don’t believe in is ironic.”
Savannah wasn’t scared of him. There was something deep within her that was stirring. She kept staring at him as he continued.
“Oh, my God. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. Oh my God,” he kept saying with a mocking tone as he pranced around the reception area. “I’ve waited for this moment for a long time. I honestly didn’t think I would get one like you on my team. Do you know how much damage we can do together? We were a match made in, well, not exactly heaven, but we are a match nonetheless.”
He walked over to Savannah, who was now trying to get out of her seat. 
“Let me go!” Savannah felt a rush of energy as she yelled towards Mr. Garner. She shook her head slightly and looked at him in the eyes again. “Let…me…go,” she said silently and intensely. 
“You think I’m going to do that?” He knelt in front of her. “Do you know who I am?”
“Yeah, you’re a freaking sicko,” she yelled at him. “Why do I care who you are? Is it supposed to instill a sense of fear? Because if so, it’s not working.”
He looked at her inquisitively. “Gregory R. Garner. That’s what most people know me as today. I think it’s kind of clever. When you’ve been around as long as I have, you get kind of bored. Yeah, that’s it.” He stood up and began to pace. “Gregory R is because of what the legends, all those stupid stories call me. Grim Reaper. Get it? G R? The last name is my favorite. Garner means to gather or collect. How clever is that? My sweet Savannah, I am the harvester of souls, the grim reaper. I am death.” 
He looked towards Savannah, who still didn’t seem scared. She could feel something within her that felt like it was clawing its way out.
“Oh, wait! Things are finally making sense. I knew it! I knew I was different. That’s why I can see people differently than everyone else. Their auras, the change in date, the others can’t see that.” She looked up with newfound confidence as things began to click. “I’ve been chosen, haven’t I? You didn’t want me to find out that I have this gift. Or did you? Are there more like me? That’s what you said.” She felt something release. She felt as though she could breathe better. Savannah was able to move freely and stood up to leave. “I will make it right what you’re doing.”
Darkness filled the room as the entirety of his eyes became black. They looked empty, lifeless; they looked evil. He stood up and seemed a lot bigger now. Large dark, ominous wings unfurled behind him. It would have seemed majestic if there weren’t so much evil surrounding him. 
“No!” he shouted, sending her body flying across the room. He stood over her watching as her chest was rising and falling to her rapid breathing. He gently rubbed the back of his hand across her cheek, smiled, and said, “I admire your passion, Savannah. I always have. That’s why I wasn’t mad about all those people you saved. But…” He stood up and proceeded to the bookshelf. The middle of the shelf parted to reveal a small compartment behind it. There was a scythe held in place with a few clamps. He grabbed it and walked back towards Savannah. “You won’t win today. I will make sure you never find out where this power comes from. I might not be able to kill you, but I assure you I will make your life a living hell.” He pointed the scythe towards her and gently touched her chest.
Savannah woke up in a cold sweat with the covers tightly wrapped around her. She was in her bed. Had this all been a bad dream? Did her boss know about the people she had saved? Panic set in as she sat up. She clenched the front of her shirt and rubbed where the scythe had touched her in her dream. She flinched at the touch. She looked underneath the shirt and saw a large black mark that was a little darker than a bruise. 
No way was that real, she thought. I’ve got to find a way to reach out to Mr. Glen. 
She walked into the kitchen to get some water.
“What? No!” Savannah lost her breath for a moment as she looked on the kitchen counter. 
“God,” she said as she looked at the picture on the counter. “I don’t really know how this whole prayer thing works. Can you, I don’t know, please let me know you’re in this? I don’t understand what’s going on. Give me a sign or something.”
Just as she did in the office, she felt something rise from deep within her. She felt a great sense of peace, which led to an overwhelming sense of confidence. The room began to grow brighter when she realized the brightness was coming from her. 
Something suddenly made her jump. It was a knock at the door.
“Can I help you,” she asked through the door nervously.
“Yes, ma’am. I believe I can help answer the questions about what happened. We’ve been waiting for you. If you could come with us, I promise this will all make sense. But we don’t have a lot of time before he knows we showed up.”
“What will make sense?” she asked, intentionally trying to sound confused. She didn’t want to give in to whoever this was. 
“Why you’re chosen to fight this war,” he said with excitement. “We can answer all the questions as to who you are, but we can’t do that here. Please-”
“Wait,” she interrupted. “You’re different. Your death date isn’t showing.”
“We…I mean, everyone I work with is like you. We see more than death dates. I’m sure you know that by now.” He stepped a little further from the door, and his face went from smiling to a worried look. “We knew about you for a long while. For a few years, we’ve been trying to reach out to you. The problem is that he always interfered. We realize now that he was looking for you, Savannah. You’re the answer to everything. I mean…you’re at least one of the biggest pieces to this puzzle. Please, I need you to trust me and come with us. We have to act before he realizes what he’s done.”
“If you understand my situation, then you’ll understand my hesitance. How do I know I can trust you?”
“Savannah, he’s moving where he’s not supposed to. If you’re one of us, then you’ll see what we see. Look outside your window. Can you at least do that for me?”
She walked over to her balcony window and peered out. “Oh my God,” she gasped. “How is that possible? Did I do this?”

Death of an Angel



The look of Mr. Jensen’s office wasn’t what Gabriel expected. There were papers stacked everywhere, books in random spots, and half-eaten plates of food sitting on the coffee table.
"Hey, boss man," Gabriel said as he stood up. "Do you mind if I ask you a question?"
"Sure thing," Mr. Jensen replied. 
"I was trained to pay attention to every detail. We are to keep jobs neat, orderly, clean. You know?"
"Yes, I think I know where this is going."
"Well, sir, it just seems odd to me that you have such a messy office."
Mr. Jensen smiled and said, "Gabe, I know it doesn’t make sense, but this is how I operate in my office. I have a place for everything. Believe it or not, there is a reason for it all." He got up and walked over to a large stack of papers sitting on the ground. "See these papers?" Gabriel nodded. "They are upcoming jobs. I have them stacked in order of importance."
"And what about the food everywhere—" Gabriel quickly stopped talking once he realized he was asking. "I'm so sorry, sir. Gosh, that's not exactly something a guy like me should be asking his boss." He gave a nervous chuckle. 
"Gabe, I…" Mr. Jensen looked serious then started laughing so hard his face was turning a dark red color. "Son, you can ask anything. I'm a well-rounded individual," he joked, rubbing his round belly. He was still trying to regain his composure as he continued. "Unfortunately, food has become my vice. It's how I cope with what we do."
"Food is your coping mechanism? Interesting. That's not exactly what the rest of us do."
Mr. Jensen grabbed some paper from the stack of upcoming jobs. "Well, you've never had the perfect steak then. Trust me. Once you've tasted the perfect piece of Kobe beef, then you'd understand." He sat down at his desk and got a serious look on his face. "I called you in here because I have a job for you. Are you ready for it? You've been asking for a while for me to trust you."
"Yes," Gabriel loudly blurted out. "I mean…yes, sir. I am ready. I've been training every day—no off days. I'm committed to this job. I assure you I can do it…whatever it is, of course." Gabriel realized he was babbling. "Sir, what's the job?"
"Sarah Randolph." Mr. Jensen threw the papers towards Gabriel. "This is everything we have. She used to work for us when I first took over the company. She was the best. It's really because of her that we stayed in business for so long."
Gabriel turned through the papers trying to take in everything. One document after another spelled out how she perfectly executed each job. There’s no way. I'm not prepared for this, Gabriel thought. Why would he trust me with this? Gabriel put down the paperwork and exhaled loudly. He realized that Mr. Jensen had been talking, but he hadn't heard a single word of what he was saying.
"I'm sorry, sir, but why am I the one who's doing this job? I mean…I've kind of been a babysitter for so long. Couldn't one of the others do it? Don't get me wrong. I would love to, but this seems like a major target for my first time. You know that…right?"
Mr. Jensen gave a comforting smile as he grabbed the file from Gabriel. "Do you know the significance of your name? I'm big into names. I think it's important what we name our children. If we could have had children, then my wife and I would have chosen great names, powerful names. Your family heritage is Spanish, I believe. Your name's literal translation means the strength of God or the hero of God." 
"No offense, sir, but what does that have to do with anything?"
"Are you a religious man, Gabe?"
"Honestly? I don't know what I believe." Gabriel's expression looked somewhat somber as he continued. "My Gram raised me. She was a religious woman. She believed in Jesus, God, healing, everything. That didn't stop her from getting sick. But that’s how the story goes, doesn’t it? Someone gets sick, dies, then someone is left wondering what to believe. I guess I’m open to the idea. It would be nice to know all of this means something."
"Well, this isn't a sermon. Don't worry. I do believe in a God who loves us unconditionally. I have personal experiences that prove he is very, very real." Mr. Jensen opened his desk drawer, pulled out a picture, and slid it over to Gabriel. "This young lady is who is in that file you have in front of you. She was very close to me, but something changed. She changed." Something about talking about this ex-employee seemed to sadden him. "Did you know Gabriel was an Archangel?" 
"Yes, sir. I'm aware of that."
"It's said, and I believe it, that Gabriel is the angel that delivered the news to Mary that she was going to give birth to Jesus. Whew! Can you imagine getting that news? He was trusted to carry out the most important tasks." 
"Why are we still talking about angels, sir?"
"I believe you are our angel. I know I can trust you with the biggest job we've ever had. That's why you're in here." Mr. Jensen pushed the paperwork towards Gabriel again. "Turn to the last few pages. Those pictures were all taken within the last month. She's been in Baltimore."
"Sir, these pictures…how far apart are they from the other picture you showed me?"
"Great eye, Gabe. Those pictures were taken 38 years apart. You see, she doesn't seem to die or age.” Mr. Jensen leaned back into his seat and let out a long exhale. “I can't be sure how old she is. When she came to us, she was straight out of the military. She had served in several areas of the Middle East. She came up as a blip on our radar because of what she accomplished. From what we gathered, she saved the lives of over 30 people while taking out the surrounding enemy. And since America wasn't supposed to be in that area, it all remained a secret."
"And you recruited her."
"Of course, I did. We are protectors. For many generations, we’ve existed to protect."
"Then why is there a problem now?"
"Sarah…" He paused and turned his chair towards the window. After about a minute, he took a deep breath and wiped a tear from his eye. "She meant a lot to me. She was the closest thing to a daughter that I had. We found out that someone within the organization was killing powerful people and their families. I put Sarah on the job. To make a long story short, for the sake of my sanity, I found out it was her. It wasn't pretty."
"Whoa, this is crazy," Gabriel said. A fear came over him as he realized the gravity of the job at hand. "You want me to…what…take her out?" 
"Not exactly. We got news two days ago that Sarah died."
"So, you want me to confirm that she died?"
"No, Gabriel." Mr. Jensen handed another file over to Gabriel. Gabriel opened it and was immediately surprised. "No. I want you to make sure she stays dead."
The streets were gritty due to the salt trucks that had just come through. Gabriel wasn't used to driving in winter conditions. The natives in that area were flying past him on the 695. Everyone seemed to always be in a hurry, no matter where he went. When he found the funeral home, the employees welcomed him with a smile. With all the hustle surrounding Baltimore, the people he met here had a more calming nature about them. 
Gabriel had shown up as a Baltimore County sanitation employee. He let them know that there was a localized issue between them and the neighboring property, which was a vacant building covered in graffiti. Gabriel assured the owner that he would quickly correct the problem, but he would need access to all plumbing within the building. He went from room to room as he followed the water lines. Above one of the closets is where he found the cables that he needed. After connecting a small device to the panel, he pulled out his phone and immediately saw a feed of all the security cameras.
"It looks like everything here is okay," he assured the employees as he walked towards the front door. "I will let you know if I need to get back in. Oh…and thank you for being so kind. That’s a big deal around here."
Gabriel parked on the side of a strip mall down the street. Half of the windows in the building were broken, but it was obvious someone had been doing some work to fix up the place. There were several vehicles for sale, but they were covered in dirt, indicating they had been there a while. He removed the decals from the van and made it look like it had been parked there for a while. He placed a "for sale" sun visor in the front window and got comfortable in the back. 
She was definitely dead, Gabriel thought to himself. Eerily lifeless. There wasn't peace on her face, though. Pain, sorrow, something not…good. And now what? She looked pretty dead to me. This is the first time we've seen her body since she's been missing. Surely they don't expect– Gabriel shook his head and grabbed his sandwich from Wawa's. Just finish the job. Make sure she gets in the ground.  Gabriel, the man of God, the conquering hero. He laughed at the thought of being a hero and continued to eat his dinner.
The van was dark, and Gabriel had dozed off. The two monitors lit up brightly while an alarm sounded. It wasn't deafening, but considering how quiet it had been, it made Gabriel jump. He looked at each monitor. None of the cameras showed movement. He checked the alarm code to see which room was triggered. Sure enough, it was Sarah's room. The thought of going into a funeral home at night gave him the chills, but he decided it was best to confirm everything was okay. 
Gabriel scaled the back of the two-story building to get to the roof. The hatch on the roof was unlocked. He made his way down the dark hallway making sure not to alarm anyone else who might be here. He rounded the corner at the front of the building and saw the large dark shadow. He tucked away, and with his knife in hand, he peeked around the corner. 
"A plant," Gabriel laughed. "I was just scared by a stupid plant. Get a grip!"
He continued down the hallway until he walked into the room where Sarah's body was. What he saw wasn't what he expected. Sarah was getting out of the coffin.
"Do you know the hell I have to go through to make it past these people? Do you know what they do to a body in the morgue?" 
"Don't move," Gabriel shouted. Sarah laughed as her feet hit the ground. "I'm serious! Don't freaking move!"
"Take it easy, Gabriel. It is Gabriel, correct? I've seen your file in his office. It's so messy in there he would never know I was there. You might want to put down the knife and let me explain."
"I don't think so," Gabriel aggressively replied. "Please, I don't want to do this. Let me take you into his office. I saw your file. I know what you are. If you could just let me—"
Sarah leaped sideways. Her movements were faster than anything Gabriel had ever seen. Both of her feet planted firmly to the wall as she propelled herself towards him. Gabriel stared for a moment in disbelief. Sarah seemed to cling to the wall for a moment. Although it was only a couple of seconds, she shouldn't have been able to do it. He glanced up to see her about to land on him. He raised his knife and thrust it into Sarah's chest. 
Her body landed on top of Gabriel in a way that left him pinned. He tried to wiggle his way free of Sarah's lifeless body. As he attempted to give one last shove, he had shooting pain through his side. He was sure he had broken a rib. He knew he couldn’t just lie there until the morning. He was shifting his body weight when he heard Sarah sigh.
"Stop squirming, you idiot," Sarah replied. 
"What the—" Gabriel squeaked.
He watched as Sarah stood up. She stretched and looked down at her shirt. She pulled the knife from her chest, smiled, and asked, "Was that supposed to hurt?"
"I don't…how…"
"Gabriel, I'm leaving this place. Everything will make sense in due time. Go get help." She pulled out a card from her back pocket. "This is your Baltimore contact for medical emergencies. Give him a call. Don't tell them you saw me. Don't talk to anyone except Pop…Mr. Jensen. He's the only one you can trust. And give him this." 
Gabriel glanced at the small hard plastic case and asked, "What is this?" 
"It's the answer…to everything…what he needed." As she set the knife on the floor, she said, "Gabriel, that's a great name. You know you were named that intentionally, right? Did he tell you that? You're a good guy, Gabriel. I can see why he sent you. Can you tell him I love him? Please?"
"I can't let you leave, though! It's my first job. I can't let you—"
"You're cute," Sarah said with a laugh.
Suddenly a bright light filled the room, followed by a loud cracking sound. The light was radiating from the spot where Sarah stood. He lunged forward to grab hold of her, but all he grabbed was air. He fell to the ground where she should’ve stood. 
Sarah was gone.

Candle Lit Destiny



“…and did you know that it was first known to the public almost 150 years ago? It’s named after some old dude named Brother Aidan. He was some saint or something that saved a bunch of people. And we get to see it! Why do you think they chose us as one of the families that gets to visit? Think it’s because Granda is the keeper? That’s probably it. It has to be. It’s not like they allow anyone in there. This is my first time having my passport stamped. How cool is that?”
“Kat,” Sean yelled. “I love you, but you do realize I just woke up, right? I don’t care about mom and dad’s stupid trip. Well, I do care. It just sucks that it has to be right now.”
“Stupid,” Kathleen questioned. “How could this be stupid? We are one of twenty families allowed to see this stupid candle. That has to mean something, you know? What if…ohhhh, is this because you have to leave your little girlfriend?” A pillow flew past Kat’s head as she ran away making kissy noises and giggling. “You better hurry up! We are about to leave.”
“I know,” Sean whispered as he grabbed his bags and headed out the door.
Kathleen had been with the family for five years. For an eight-year-old, Sean thought she had a calming nature about her. The two of them had gotten along since day one. He had wanted a younger brother, but upon hearing they were adopting a girl, he decided that was okay, too. The McCarthy’s had decided early on that they would only have one child. Having a boy made everyone in the family proud, especially the grandfather who still lived in Ireland. 
If Sean and Kathleen’s grandfather had a name, they sure didn’t know it. They had always referred to him as Granda, and he would have it no other way. Granda was known for telling a lot of stories. The kids would video chat with him once a week. They loved hearing his stories, but Granda had always referred to them as legends and prophecies; to him they were genuine. He had been telling a lot more stories over the last year. One thing, in particular, was the Lasair of Aidan. 
The Lasair of Aidan is a candle that's stayed lit for over 150 years. The candle doesn’t burn out or lose wax. Most people don’t pay any attention to the candle, thinking it’s a hoax. The claim is that the candle remained lit since the passing of Saint Aidan, a man who was known all over Ireland for doing God’s work.
Sean got on one last call to Granda before the family was leaving for the airport. He had requested to be on this call alone with Sean. Although Kathleen was upset about not being included, she was immediately distracted by a picture book of where they were going.
“This is a significant trip for you. I can’t stress the importance of this moment. Lasair of Aidan is only opening to a select few families for the first time since being revealed 150 years ago. To spend it with all of you means more to me than you’ll ever know.”
Any time Granda told this story, he lit up. His eyes were more full of life than when he told any other story. There was an added sense of excitement in his voice as he continued. “When Saint Aidan, God rest his soul, was in a sickly state of being, he asked his brother to grab a candle from a storage chest. He whispered some instructions to his brother about the candle and what to do with it. It was in his last breath that the candle was lit and–”
“Granda,” Sean interrupted. “You know you’ve told us this story a few times already, right? I love your stories, but why this one? Did you know everyone online has already debunked the forever flame or whatever it’s called? You have to know that, right?”
“Oh, you think you’re a little wiseacre, do ya? Sean, all the prophecies point to this year. These aren’t mere stories; they’re our history, my history, your history. You are going to be here with some significant people. Don’t embarrass this family, boy. Look at how much pride your family has at this moment. And don’t forget that I’ve been watching this flame since-” There was a loud rapping at Granda’s door. “I have to cut this short. Remember everything I told you, please. I love you, Sean. I will see you when you get here.”
That last call bugged Sean. The look on Granda’s face quickly changed when hearing someone at the door. For the most part, Sean was happy to be going on this trip. He did have some plans for the summer, but getting to travel out of the country was a rare thing for his family. There were pictures of Sean visiting Ireland when he was a lot younger, but he didn’t recall anything about the trip. Seeing his Granda was also exciting. Only once was Granda allowed to visit his family in the United States. 
“I’ve made a lifelong commitment, my little beauties,” he would say. “I promise things will change in the coming years.”
Sean slept most of the trip. The only time he awoke was during the three-hour layover, and that was because he had to wake up. After what seemed like an eternity, they finally arrived in Ireland. As they waited for their luggage to come out, Sean couldn’t help but notice how fidgety his father had become. He was usually a fairly mellow guy. Sean chalked it up to finally being in the place he was born. 
“Dad, Granda lives alone, right?”
His father grunted with an affirming sound.
“Then where are we going to stay. I mean, I love my family, but there is no way I am sleeping in the same room as all of you.”
Finally, his father looked at him with a smile and said, “Sean, apparently everything has been taken care of already. Your Granda’s friends made sure a house was opened up not too far from where he stays. You know, I don’t remember a lot about it, but it should be nice. Most houses in that area of the country are a lot more high class than what we’re used to.”
“Are we renting a car,” Kathleen asked. “Can we get one of those cute little cars like on the Mr. Bean show? I love those cars.” 
“No, sweetie,” their mother replied while laughing. “We have a chauffeur coming to pick us up. It looks like your Granda is a big deal over here. Who knew?”
Although it was a long ride, the car ride to the house eased Sean’s feeling of being out of place. To him, it felt like he belonged there. All those stories of what his Granda told him were coming to life right in front of his eyes. The landscape was nothing like in America. Somehow the grass looked greener, the animals looked healthier, and the air was cleaner. To Sean, it was as though they were breathing real air for the first time. 
Almost two hours later, they found their way to the house where they would be staying. Granda had someone there preparing a proper dinner for everyone. The house was a large home that seemed out of place that far in the middle of nowhere.
Kathleen ran around the house making sure to look behind every door. There would be a random yell of her trying to tell the family something, but she would quickly move on before anyone could answer her. Sean walked out to the back porch to look at the hillside. As he stared off into the distance, it felt like something inside of him was trying to leap out.
“It’s a beautiful sight,” Sean’s dad said. His mom and dad walked up and took a seat on a stone bench next to him. “I remember running through these hills when this house was a quarter of this size. Crazy place, right? Some friends and I used to bug the people who were working on the house. We never got in trouble because some of Granda’s friends bought the place. They expanded it to what it is now, but I don’t think anyone lives here. It’s kind of like a guest house for special visitors. I honestly never thought I would be one of the people staying here.”
“Yeah, it’s kind of wild seeing the place to match all the stories. I’ve always had an idea in my head of how everything would look. It’s nothing like what I thought.” Sean took a deep breath and looked at his dad. “Can I tell you something?”
“Of course, you can. What’s on your mind?”
Sean hesitated for a moment then said, “I was looking out at that hill over there, the one with the large tree. I got a sinking feeling in my stomach. It’s weird because I don’t really know if it’s good or bad. Just a feeling. Does that make sense? Maybe it’s just the long trip getting to me. I might have slept a lot, but I am so tired.”
Sean’s dad and mom looked at each other wide-eyed.
“I’m sure you just recall some of your Granda’s stories,” said Sean’s mom. “Over that hill is where your Granda lives. It’s a small shanty of a place, really. But he doesn’t want it any other way. He likes to keep things simple. That’s also where they keep the Lasair of Aidan.”
“Mom, don’t get me wrong. I love the stories. I’ve heard them my entire life. It just seems…” Sean leaned forward and rested his head on the railing on the edge of the porch. “Doesn’t all this seem a little crazy? All of you are grown adults and still believe in fairytales. We read about stories like this last year. The candle story is another story like that Crom Cruach thing; it’s just a story. That’s all.”
As Sean sat up, he could see the look on his dad’s face. He rarely saw his dad look disappointed. The look on his dad’s face was more than that; he seemed almost hurt at Sean’s words. Sean excused himself, stood up, and went to get ready for bed. According to the family, tomorrow would be a big day, a big day of looking at a candle. For Sean, the only real excitement was the idea of seeing his Granda.
Sean was awoken early that morning by Kathleen. She was sitting in the windowsill of his room. The sight of her slightly startled him, but he had gotten used to his sister invading his privacy. He didn’t mind. As Sean looked at her, he couldn’t help but notice the look of pure joy. Kathleen was shining almost brighter than the morning sun. He loved seeing this excitement.
“I’m supposed to tell you that breakfast is ready. Did you know you have the best view of that big hill? The sky is orange. It looks so cool.” She jumped down from the windowsill and quickly jumped onto Sean’s bed. “Hey, what did y’all talk about last night? I was trying to listen, but I didn’t want to get in trouble. I guess it doesn’t matter. Okay, well, I told you about breakfast. You better hurry.”
And without another word, she was gone out of Sean’s room. He could hear her heavy footsteps as she ran downstairs. The smell of whatever was for breakfast has permeated his bedroom. Sean groggily walked downstairs and met his family. Sitting at the table was his Granda, who was grinning ear to ear. Sean hurried over to him, and with tears streaming down his cheeks, he clung to his Granda.
“You didn’t think I would miss your first morning in my part of the world, did ya?”
“No, sir,” Sean replied happily. “I just didn’t think you were allowed to leave.”
“Your mom and dad told me about your hesitance. I had to remind them that they also didn’t believe the stories when they were your age. Sometimes people grow up and forget one of the greatest parts of life.”
“Yeah? And what would that be pop?” Sean’s dad questioned.
“Faith and hope, boy! Without those, a man’s left with a very boring and unfulfilling life.”
Granda talked with such enthusiasm. It reminded him of the kid-like faith that Kathleen exhibited at almost all times. Although it could sometimes be annoying, it was one of Sean’s favorite things about Kathleen.
“About that,” Sean said wearily. “Look, I am sorry. It was such a long trip and–”
“It’s okay,” Sean’s mom interrupted. “We get it. We’re leaving in about five minutes. Eat up because today will be a big day. Everything will make sense when we get down there. There are some people who’re excited to meet you.”
Sean tried to scarf down food, but he wasn’t too hungry. Something deep within him was stirring. Amid everything surrounding this moment, he understood that nerves were getting the best of him. He hated seeing his dad’s look of disappointment the night before. Sean was determined to look as enthused as possible. Everyone got in the van so they could go down to the location of the candle. 
“I have to admit,” Sean said with a new level of enthusiasm to his voice. “I’m actually pretty excited to see this thing. It’s kind of crazy to finally see it seeing how I’ve heard stories about it all my life.”
As they drove farther down the road, a sinking feeling grew in the pit of Sean’s stomach. His ears began to make a slight buzzing sound, and there was a metallic taste in his mouth. To appease the family, Sean made sure to keep his feeling of sickness to himself. He focused on Kathleen, who seemed to be amazed by everything they passed. She kept loudly talking about how everything was greener, prettier, and smelled better out here. 
Maybe this won’t be that bad, Sean thought. Just be like Kat. I need to have a little fun.
It only took about 15 minutes for them to reach their destination. Only a few buildings were surrounding a vast hilly area, which was surrounded by a dense forest. People were scrambling around the premises. It immediately became clear that everyone was waiting for the arrival of Granda and the family. Kathleen excitedly pointed at all the people who “dressed real funny.” There were several people dressed as monks. Sean thought they looked a little outdated, but he figured it was because they were out in the middle of nowhere. There were a lot of other people, and it was clear that most of these people were from out of town, considering there obviously wasn’t enough room to fit everyone. 
As the family got out of the van, an older gentleman greeted them. Although this man seemed to be the head of everything, Granda still commanded authority. Everyone greeted him with a kiss on the cheek before they walked the family toward the largest building. The building was nestled perfectly in the side of the hill. Sean wondered how far into the hill it went.
With a very thick accent, the older man leading the group said, “It was almost 100 years ago when your ancestors built this. We have kept it up ever since then. Have you heard the story of Brother Aidan? Did you know that he–”
Granda loudly cleared his throat, and the man leading everyone stopped talking.
“As we get closer to the room where the Lasair of Aidan is,” Granda said as he looked at the family. “You’ll notice that everything is in its original condition. My job here has been to maintain the grounds. It was my father’s job before I had it. I’ve spent the majority of my life gladly keeping everything in pristine condition.”
As they walked down a long dark hallway, Sean felt as though he was going to get sick. He stopped once for a brief second and said he needed to catch his breath. He quickly blamed it on the excitement, which caused his parents and Granda to light up. They finally came to a pair of old wooden doors adorned with ornate carvings.
“There are a few people already inside. Sean, I’ve shared all those stories before now for a reason. Brother Aidan left several personal journals that held valuable secrets. We believe that multiple parts of these journals were about you.” He paused and walked closer to Sean. “I know this is hard to believe and probably sounds slightly idiotic, but please know that everyone here has been waiting most of the life for this moment. There’s not much you have to do.”
“What about me? Can I do something cool? Are they excited that I’m here, too?” 
Kathleen’s interruption helped cut through the seriousness of the moment. Everyone laughed. Granda talked to her about how special the moment is. He whispered something to her, which seemed to make her smile. Sean was particularly thankful for the interruption because it took the attention off of him. He still had that sickening feeling, though. The thought of meeting strangers made him feel anxious, too. He assumed the dim lighting and stale smell was adding to him feeling anxious and slightly nauseous. 
As they entered the large room where the candle was, there was a noticeable shift in the atmosphere. The air was no longer stale. Sean couldn’t help but feel like the air felt energized. That sick feeling in his stomach quickly shifted to excitement. Once they walked in, a young female who was standing just inside the door greeted them. Seven men were sitting in a small area set off to the right of the room. They quietly greeted everyone and sat down in silence. 
Granda looked at the family and said, “Everyone will go up first and look at the candle. Make sure to stay behind the rope. You can have a seat once you’ve looked at it. Sean and I will go up last. I will let you know what to do as we go along. Don’t look too worried.”
The family went up to the candle. It seemed like Kathleen was never going to blink. 
“Why isn’t it melting? Look! It looks new. Do you think that’s real fire? What if I sneeze on accident?”
Kathleen rattled off a lot of questions, which brought a smile to the faces of the family. The men sitting to the side would whisper to one another, but they maintained their serious expressions. The young woman would walk over periodically and quietly say something to Granda. She would show him something on her mobile tablet then go back to the door.
“Go ahead and have a seat. It’s almost time for me and Sean to go forward.” The men straightened up, and their expressions were livelier. Most of them had a welcoming smile.
As they walked up to the candle, Granda removed one of the ropes. He placed his hand on Sean’s shoulder and guided him to the opposite side. Sean couldn’t help but feel awkward and out of place, but the energy he felt continued to get stronger. 
“Just stand here. You’ll stand there for a couple of minutes, and we will see what happens. What is supposed to happen has never been clear, but we know it’s going to be meaningful. All these years of waiting point to–you know what? I’m rambling on. I’ve already told you this. Can you tell I’m excited?”
“It’s okay, Granda. To be honest,” Sean said sheepishly. “This seems kind of weird. You better be glad I love you. Otherwise, I would…” 
Sean’s body seemed to quickly bend over as if someone had punched him in the stomach. He grasped the pedestal that held the candle. The flame began to flicker violently. The group of men all seemed to move to the edge of their seats simultaneously. Sean let out a loud cry like he was in pain, but it quickly turned to laughter. Suddenly the flame went out. Everyone held their breath in anticipation. Kathleen let out a worried cry, and her mom held her tightly. Sean slowly started to straighten up, and it was apparent something was different about him.
Sean’s dilated pupils made his eyes appear to be more black than any other color. He raised his hands by his side, and the room began to get darker as his hands looked like they were now carrying the fire that once lit the candle. Upon looking at Sean, Granda’s look of excitement quickly turned to confusion and fear. Although there was fear that came upon the family, the group of men seemed to be excited as they whispered among themselves.
“Sean,” Granda called out. “Are you alright?”
As Sean looked toward his Granda, he opened his mouth like he was going to talk. Instead, a low growl came out instead of the voice the family knew. At the same time, a dark mass began to form across his chest. It looked like a dark ooze that continued to get bigger. The blood vessels around Sean’s eyes looked black. His dad began to stand up. Sean quickly pointed at his father, causing him to collapse into his seat. Kathleen let out a loud cry while her mother embraced her even tighter than before. 
“The power is finally mine…I’ve waited all these years...” Sean began to laugh again as he started to move towards Granda. “You loved those stories, didn’t you old man?”
“Sean, what are you talking about?” Granda questioned. “Talk to me, buddy. You’re supposed to be the answer. Everything pointed to you. There’s so much good you’re supposed to…” Granda paused as he tried to recall the prophecies. “No. No. No. This is all wrong! Wait…who are you?”
Sean leaned forward, resting his hands on the seat backing in front of Granda. Sean’s face contorted slightly to show a smile that caused the family to gasp. He reached out and touched Granda on the forehead.
“Look at me. Look into my eyes, old man.”
“NO!” Granda yelled as a tear trickled down his cheek. “You’re not supposed to be here. Where is Sean? I thought you were–OH GOD–”
Granda’s lifeless body slumped forward. 

To be continued…
So, there it is. What did you think? Do you hate me for leaving everything open-ended? The purpose of this book was to give you something fun to read. I firmly believe reading and writing should be fun. I know I had a blast writing these stories. It’s my prayer that you would look past my “taboo” style of writing and thoroughly enjoy reading this book from cover to cover.
Now, do you remember me saying in the introduction that I would need your help? If it’s okay, I would like to run a few things by you. You and I have the opportunity to work together! I’ve always loved the idea of the author and reader working together. 
First, I want you to write the second half of the stories. I want to know how you’d finish them. I know there are a few stories that caught your attention. Well, why not finish it? See? We get to work together! I think that’s pretty dang awesome. I might publish a part two to this book and put your stories in there. Even if there’s not a second book, I still want to find a platform to share them on. I will keep everyone posted via my Facebook page, @OfficialRobbieBowman. For those who are interested in sharing their stories, submit them to TheEllipsisBook@gmail.com. 
Second, I am strongly considering creating some full-length novels based on some of the stories. I would love to know which ones you think I should write. I have my favorites, but it’s more about which ones you think are the best. Writing a full-length novel will allow me to dive further into the stories, to get to know the characters. 
Third, if you liked the book, then I implore you to leave the best review you feel comfortable leaving. If, for whatever reason, you can’t give it 4-5 stars, then could you let me know why before posting your review? While I can’t please everyone, I am always looking to grow and become better at everything I do. (There’s a great life lesson in that last sentence!)
On the topic of reviews, I would greatly appreciate it if you’d share something about my book on your social media accounts. We live in a social media world, and I know there are people who would love to read this book. This is my way of trying to get you to help me get this book to them. Thank you, by the way! I knew I could count on you. 
Lastly, I wanted to thank you for reading my book. Publishing this book was the scariest thing I’ve ever done, but it was also the most exciting thing I’ve ever done. The goal of writing in this particular style (using writing prompts) is to spread the joy of writing. I have something else I’m working on that will bring creative writing back to kids in a fun way. I know, for a fact, that creative writing is being lost. I am looking to help remedy that. While I’m a long way off from being able to share what it is I’m working on, I assure you I’ll keep you posted on my Facebook account. I guarantee that you’ll love it!
Once again, thank you! A few people have already read a preview of the book and have given me some great feedback. I can’t wait to read your responses. 
About the author:

Robbie Michael resides in Shreveport, Louisiana, with his wife, who he affectionately refers to as “Wife,” and their small army of children. His recent hobbies include watching his hummingbird feeders, checking the mail at the same time every day, naming his hot pepper plants (Caroline is his favorite), and plotting out how he will proceed with world domination. The first three of those are going very well, by the way. He hopes to update his followers (oops...he means readers) with the last hobby one day soon. 

Follow Robbie Michael on social media:

Facebook: www.facebook.com/OfficialRobbieBowman
Instagram: www.instagram.com/robbie_bowman

Also follow www.robbiembowman.com for more books and any future freebies and giveaways. 

