Endless Miles in Universe (Book Seven)
Author: cklau818
Copy Right

Brief Description
This is a scientific fiction.
In this friction, a scientific exploring team explores universe and meets many interesting events.
This fiction is suitable for all ages of readers.

Content:

54.Forced landing on planet
55.Failure cause
56.Out of spaceship
57.Abnormal situation
58.Investigate again
59.Try to communicate
60.Success communication
61.Come across aliens
62.Search missing persons
63.Failure rescuing
64.Tacit permission
65.Earth representative
66.Rescue missing persons
67.Return earth

54.Forced landing on planet
This evening, we chat while having supper.
“We return to our universe because of Lily and Mei’s contribution.  Let me use water as wine to thank Lily and Mei for whatever they did for us.” Tony says happily.
“That is true.  I like to thank Lily and Mei for whatever they did for us.” Says Sam happily.
“I want to thank them, too.  We can happily return to our universe because of their contributions.” I thank Lily and Mei.
“We did what we should do.  No need to thank us too much.” Lily says modestly.
“That is true.  We just did our best.” Mei replies modestly.
“I really like the scenery of planet creating near the “white hole”. It is a magnificent sight which could not be found very often.” Says Lily.
“We found gold and diamond during our exploration.  That is one of our big findings, too.  We can make a fortune.” Says Tony with smile.
“That is true.  After returning to our earth, we can use those gold and diamond to support our future space exploring activities.” I say.
“Exploring the edge of universe was very interesting, too.  We were held by an invisible net.  That was amazing.” Says Mei.
“Actually, there is one more interesting thing.  Do you know what it is?” I ask.
“I know what it is.  Lily and Mei made good friends with those two aliens. This is a big achievement for us.” Replies Sam.  We all agree.
“Do you really believe that we can find some information about that missing spaceship?” Asks Mei.
“It is hard to find any information in this vast universe.  We just try but no guarantee.” Lily replies.
“I agree.  Whenever we had big problems, those aliens could provide helps.
I am sure that the missing spaceship did not get any helps from aliens. This was a big problem for those people.” I say.
“That is true.  If those missing people got helps from aliens, they could return to earth.  I even believe that those missing people did not have a good relationship with aliens.” Says Tony.
“Yes, if they had big problems, they should ask helps from aliens.  I am sure that those aliens could help them if they kept a good relationship with those aliens.” Says Sam.
“I have an idea that they had a bad relationship with aliens from the very beginning. When those missing people were really in big trouble, they did not get any helps from aliens.” I say.
“I agree to this assumption.  It was their big mistake to offend aliens .” Says Tony.
“We are lucky to have a good relationship with those aliens.  Anyway, we will return to our earth soon.  No need to worry about other things.” Mei says with smile.
“I agree.  No need to worry about other things.  We should be happy because we will return to our earth soon.” Lily replies with smile.  We all agree.
All of a sudden, we feel some unusual movement.
“What is it?  Something wrong with our mother spaceship?  Will it affect our returning to our earth?” Mei asks anxiously.
At this time, the alarm lights flash in our big dormitory hall.
From the big screen inside our big hall, it seems to us that our mother spaceship losses speed.  We run to the observation room to take a look.
From the speakers inside the observation room, we know the seriousness of the problem.
“Full speed!  Full speed!” The captain gives order.
“Full speed already!  Full speed already!” Voice from a pilot.
At this time, I feel the acceleration of our spaceship for a while.
“Alarm!  All of our detecting devices are out of order.  We cannot detect anything around our spaceship.” Voice from a pilot.
“Start the second detecting system!  Start the second detecting system!” The captain gives new order.
“The second detecting system has been started!” Voice from a pilot.
“Alarm!  The second detecting system cannot work!” Very soon, there is a new report.
At this time, our spaceship losses speed again.
“Full speed!  Full speed!” The captain gives order.
“Full speed already!  Full speed already!” Reports from a pilot.
Our mother spaceship accelerates again.  It adjusts its flying course and tries to escape from the unexplainable situation.
Very soon, our mother spaceship losses speed again.
“Start the second power system!  Start the second power system!” The captain gives order.
Very soon, our mother spaceship starts to accelerate due to the starting of the second power system.
“OK, we can fly fast again.” Lily shouts happily.
“OK, we can return home.” Mei shouts happily.
But very soon, our mother spaceship losses speed again.
“What is wrong?” The captain asks.
“The second power system fails!” Report from a pilot.
“Start the third power system!” The captain gives order.
Very soon, our mother spaceship gains its speed.
“Hopefully, the third power system can bring us home.” Says Tony.
“If we can keep this speed, we can go home.” Replies Sam.
At this time, our mother spaceship is slow down and finally, losses its speed.
“It is very strange.  Where are we now?  Our mother spaceship just cannot get its speed.” Asks Lily.
“A Bermuda delta in deep space?  All spaceship will loss speed in this area.” Asks Tony.
“It is hard to say.  Strange things happen in universe such as “black hole”, “white hole”, “wormhole” and strange force at the edge of universe.  I do not feel strange if there is really a Bermuda delta area in deep space.” Replies Sam.
“If that is true, it is another amazing astronomical phenomenon.” I say.
“We have overcome so many difficulties to reach here.  If our mother spaceship cannot fly again, it is real bad luck to us.” Says Mei.
“That is true.  It is so sad if we cannot return to our earth after reaching this point.” Lily says sadly.
“Does this have anything to do with those aliens?  They have very powerful capabilities.” Ask Sam.
“We have good relationship with those aliens.  Will they really do something like this to hurt us?” Lily asks.
“It is hard to say.  We have good relationship with those aliens in those UFOs.  Maybe here, there are other new aliens.  Maybe these new aliens do not like us to enter this space.” I tell everybody.
“I agree.  Probably, there are new aliens in this sky light solar system in this sky light galaxy.  They are different from those aliens in those three UFOs.  We have no experience of contacting the new aliens here.” Says Sam.
“That is true.  It is hard to predict the actions of new aliens.  Maybe this time, those new aliens use their special capability to force our mother spaceship losing its power.” Says Tony.
“If that is true, why do those new aliens do this to us? I cannot understand.” Asks Mei.
“Maybe after entering this sky light solar system, we have done something to make the new aliens angry.” Says Tony.
“I remember something.  According to the introduction, the missing spaceship had a plan to visit this sky light solar system.  Is that a coincidence that we have this problem after entering this sky light solar system?” Asks Sam.
“It reminds me that this is not a coincidence.  It has something to do with the new aliens here.  I am sure about this.” I say.
“It seems to me that this sky light solar system is not good to our human beings from earth.  If we really get some troubles from the aliens here, we must fight back.” Says Tony with sigh.
“Do not jump to a conclusion so fast.  Maybe it is just a mechanical problem of our power system.” Says Mei.
“It is possible but it is rare.  We have three sets of power system. While one runs, another one is standby and the three one is under maintenance.  It cannot be wrong with all three power systems at the same time.” I tell everybody.
“I agree.  If one something is wrong with one set, another set can be started.  It is almost impossible to be wrong for three sets at the same time.” Mei agrees with me.
“We have come across a problem we cannot explain.” I say by myself.
At this time, our powerless mother spaceship floats towards a planet inside the sky light solar system.  Finally, our mother spaceship lands on the surface of the planet.
“Look!  What is that?” Lily yells to us while pointing outside.
“It looks like vegetation.  It is amazing to see this green things.” Sam replies with some doubts.
“Is it real vegetation like those on the surface of our earth?  I cannot imagine it.” Says Tony with uncertainty.
“Is this the second earth in universe?  What are those green things?” I say to myself with some doubts.
“Maybe this is the second earth in universe.  We are lucky to land on this planet.  It is much much better to land on this planet instead of another planet without any living things.” Says Lily.
At this time, the captain enters the observation room.
“We meet a big problem this time.  I have to tell you a bad news.” Says the captain.
“What is it?  Please tell us.  We can handle it.” I ask in a hurry.
“This is a real big problem.  Our mother spaceship has lost all its power.  We land on a planet in the sky light solar system.  Do not feel too bad.  I have a good news, too.” Answers the captain.
“What is the good news?” Lily asks in a hurry.
“There is life on the surface of this planet.  This is a good news, Isn't it?  Look at outside, those are forests surrounding our spaceship.  We land on a small hill surrounded by forests.  This is life.” Answers the captain.
“This is our second earth!  We found it!” Lily shouts happily and we all laugh happily.  We forget if we can return to our first earth or not temporarily.
“Yes, it is a good news to us, on the second thought.  It is better to land here than another place without any life.  We are lucky in misfortune.” Says Tony.
 “I agree to this idea.  We are lucky in misfortune.  After all, this place is similar to our earth.  Living here should be almost the same as living on our earth.” Sam tells us with smile.
“Since there is life on this planet, maybe there is alien here, too. Out high energy laser canons are still standby to defend ourselves.” The captain tells us.
“How could we still have high energy laser canons since there is no power in our mother spaceship?” Asks Tony with doubt.
“That is true.  We cannot explain this strange situation.  There is no power for our propeller but there is still power for our laser canon.  Our superconductive nuclear generators are still working.  We will fully check our spaceship to find out the real cause or causes of this big problem.” The captain tells us.
“We can protect ourselves but we cannot leave here now.” Says Sam.
“That is true.” The captain answers.
“What should we do next?  We cannot stay here forever.” I ask.
“We will fully check our mother spaceship first.  At the same time, we will survey our surroundings to make sure that we are safe in this environment.  If we can repair the propellers of our spaceship, we will fly home.  Since there is life on the surface of this planet, our human beings can migrate to this planet in future.  We find the second earth without too much difficulties.” The captain tells us the rough plan.
“This is a good plan.  I like it. I like to join the team to survey the environment here.  Even so, I still like to go home, to return to our beautiful earth.” Lily says with smile.  We all agree.
“Our final target is to return to our earth.  No questions about that. Before returning to earth, we need to survey this planet.  So, safety is number one now.  I am almost sure that there are aliens in this planet.” Says the captain.
“If we really meet new aliens on this planet, what should we do?  We cannot fight with aliens on this planet.  Otherwise, we will be in big trouble.” Asks Sam.
“If we really meet aliens here, we should do our best to set up friendly communication method.  Unless it is absolute necessary, we should never fight with aliens here.  As long as there is no fighting between us and aliens here, there is still chance to make things up.  All of us must remember this.” The captain tells us.

55.Failure cause
In the following several days, we observe the outside world through our big screen in the big hall.
“Tell you the truth.  We can stay on this planet for a long time before returning to our earth.  It seems a good planet to me.” I say.
“That is true.  This is our second earth.  Look at those forests around our spaceship.  I am sure that there is water and oxygen here.  We should not miss the opportunity to explore here.” Says Sam.
“I am sure that Lily and Mei want to stay here, too.  They can find alien boyfriends here and settle down on this planet.  They do not need to return to our earth anymore.” Tony makes a joke and we all laugh happily.
“What are you laughing at?” The captain enters the big hall and asks with smile.  We tell him the joke and he laughs, too.
“Yes, that is true.  If Lily and Mei have alien boyfriends, it is a good thing to us.  We are glad to see this.  If we are relatives of aliens here, it must be good to our future exploration on this planet.” The captain says.  We all agree.
“I want to tell you one more thing.  After several checking, there is no problem of our propellers.  But every time when we start our propeller system, the propeller system losses its power.  We find the abnormal changes of electromagnetic field around our spaceship.  It seems to us that somebody controls our propeller system remotely.  Maybe our propeller system is controlled by aliens remotely.” The captain tells us.
“It is a new conclusion.  So, it is not a technical problem but an alien problem.  We need to set up good relationship with the aliens on this planet.” I say.
“Since we cannot fly away, we have to stay here.  We must try our best to set up a good relationship with those aliens on this planet.  If we have conflicts with the aliens here, we might never have chance to return to our earth.” Says Sam.
“That is true.  We need to go out to find those aliens and to build good relationship with them.  Otherwise, we cannot return to earth.” Says the captain.
“We have checked the environment around our spaceship.  The overall situation on this planet is almost the same as that on our earth.  There are water, air and vegetation around our spaceship.  We have not found any animals at present time.” Says the captain.
“That is good.  We can go out to survey the environment.  It must be funny.” Replies Mei.
“Basically, we can go out.  But just for safe reasons, we are making some special medicines to protect us.  Just wait for some more days, we can use those special medicines.  When the time comes, we can swallow the special medicines and go out to do our survey.” Says the captain.
“Maybe this time, Lily and Mei do not go outside to do survey.” The captain says with smile.
“What do you mean by this?  Why can I and Mei not go out?  We want to explore the environment on this planet.” Lily asks immediately.
“If, just if, both of you are caught by aliens on this planet and they want to keep you, we can do nothing about it.” Replies the captain with smile.
“What will happen if the aliens kidnap some of you as boyfriends?” Asks Lily immediately.
“If they want to keep Sam, let them keep him.  Sam is not as important as Lily and Mei.  We do not care.” I make a joke and they all laugh.
The captain leaves the big hall after let us know his initial plan.
“If Lily or Mei is caught by aliens here and they want to keep them, what should we do really?” Asks Sam.
“If we have good relationship with the aliens here, it is possible that the aliens will like Lily or Mei or both of them.  Let nature takes its course in this case.  Of course, if we can have some aliens to come with us to earth, it will be better.” I say.
“Lily, let me ask you.  If an alien really wants you to be his girlfriend, do you want to stay here?  Tell us the truth.” Asks Tony.
“It is hard to say.  If I really like him, maybe I can stay here.  Or, maybe I can return earth with him, too.  I can live on this planet for a while and on earth for a while.” Lily answers with smile.
“That is true.  It is hard to say now.  Maybe human beings can live longer on this planet than on earth.  As Lily says, she can live on this planet or on earth in rotation.” I say.
“I agree.  But I really like Lily to bring her alien boyfriend to earth with us.  In this case, it is a good thing to have alien boyfriends as long as it is not a kidnapping.” Says Tony with smile and we all laugh.
“We need to solve the present problem now.  We need our mother spaceship flying again.  We need to leave this planet safely and return to our earth safely.  We can come back to this planet again in future.  At that time, we can have routine scheduled flights between this planet and our earth.  At that time, we can have a lot of alien friends on this planet.” Says Mei.
“I agree.  If we have a relationship with the aliens as relatives, we can visit here just like visiting relatives.  We can stay here or stay on earth as we wish.” Lily says.
“As Lily says, she could be the first one to marry an alien and stay on this planet” I make a joke and we all laugh.

56.Out of spaceship
Several days later, we have our special medicines.  Under the leadership of the action leader, we enter the isolating room of our mother spaceship with three smart robots.  This isolating room acts as a buffer between outside world and our mother spaceship.
After closing the door with our mother spaceship, the other door with outside world is open.  We all leave the isolating room and enter the outside world.
Since the size of this planet is almost the same as the size of our earth, we can just walk on the surface of this planet due to enough gravity.  The three smart robots with high energy laser guns will protect us.
“Walking on the surface of this planet is so nature, so comfortable. I like it.  It has been a long time for me not to have this feeling.” Lily says happily as soon as she lands on the planet.
“That is true.  We have vegetation here.  There are only solid rocks on other solid celestial bodies.  The feeling is so familiar.  Just like walking on the surface of earth.  This is our second earth.  We are lucky to land on this planet.” Says Tony happily.
“Yes, I have a good feeling, too.  It seems to me that I am on the surface of earth already.” I say with smile.  We all feel well.
We walk around our mother spaceship first.  I find that this small hill is composed of granite rock.  Not far from our spaceship, there is a small stream.  Sky light sun hangs in the middle of sky.  I feel warm but not hot.
“This is a very beautiful sight.  Let us have a picture.” Mei says happily.
“It is a very beautiful sight, of course.  There are small hill, small stream and warm sunshine.  Living here just like having a holiday on earth.  The feeling must be good.” Lily says happily.
We take some pictures by Mei's suggestion.
The hill is very flat.  There are no other things around our mother spaceship.  We walk towards the small stream at the edge of the hill.  I touch the water in the stream and have the same feeling as touching water on earth.
“Look!  There are fishes in the stream!” Lily yells to us at the edge of the stream.  We all get to the place and find some strange water creatures swimming there.
“It is so wonderful to stay on this planet.  It just like to stay on earth. Of course, we cannot see any human built buildings here.  The sight is even better without those human built buildings.” Says Mei happily.
“This is the nature beauty without those buildings.  Even without buildings, I still have a strong feeling that there are aliens on this planet.” Says Sam.
“I agree.  The environment here is very suitable for mankind living.  It must be suitable for aliens living here, too.  Very soon, I am sure that we will meet aliens.”  Says Tony with smile.
“I have an idea.” I tell everybody.
“Huge migration to this planet?” Asks Mei with smile.
“Yes, we can have mass migration of human beings to this planet.  This is a very comfortable planet for human beings.” I say.
“It is a good idea but it is difficulty to realize this idea for mass migration.” Says Sam with smile.
“Even if we want to migrate to this planet, if there are aliens here, we must get permission from them first.  I do not think that the aliens here will permit us to migrate so many people from earth to this planet. Mass migration from earth will create huge problems to those aliens.” Says Tony.
“That is true.  If there are aliens on this planet, they will not allow us to have mass migration from earth.  If they do not agree, we cannot fight with them.  Technically speaking, we cannot win if we fight with those aliens.” I agree.
“We all like this beautiful planet.  This is our second earth.  We just want to live here but do not want any wars with the aliens here.” Says Sam.
“I agree.  We cannot come here by launching a war.” Says Tony.
“We cannot win a war with aliens.” I say with smile.
“Technically speaking, if we can win a war, we can come.” Says Tony with smile.  We all agree.
“According to our own experiences, it is better for us to build good relationship with any aliens at any places.  Otherwise, our space exploration mission will be in big trouble.” Says Mei with smile.
“I am sure that Lily and Mei will be against any actions which will hurt the relationship with aliens.  They are good friends with aliens now.” I say with smile.
“That is true.  Any actions to hurt the good relationship with aliens will not be agreed by me and Mei.  So, do not think about anything like that.” Lily replies with smile.
“I agree with Lily.” Says Mei with smile.  We all laugh happily.
“Be careful.  There are eyes watching us from that trees!” All of sudden, Tony tells us mysteriously.
“That is good.  If that is true, we can go there and say hi to those aliens. Maybe, those two aliens we met in space are here, too.” Mei replies with smile.
“If there are aliens, they must be different from those aliens you played with in space.  We must be careful in dealing with new aliens here.  We will try to build new good relationship with new aliens from the very beginning.” I remind everybody.  They all agree.
Very soon, we return to our mother spaceship and complete the first walking out of our spaceship.

57.Abnormal situation
After having our supper, we return to our own rooms.
I watch the news in my room while I think our first walking out of our mother spaceship.
The thinking about aliens watching us from the trees occupies my mind.  There are water, air and trees.  There must be aliens, too.  There is evidence that the propeller system of our mother spaceship is controlled by some kinds of high intelligent creatures here.  I start to worry about the overall situations on this planet.
I have a bad dream this night.  In my dream, there is a group of aliens surrounding and attaching our mother spaceship.  All the laser cannons open fires to fight back.  I am woke up by the bad dream.
Next morning during our breakfast, I do not want to tell everybody about my bad dream.  I do not want to disturb everybody’s happy moods.  After breakfast, we go to the observation room.
After sitting in the observation room for a while, the action leader enters.  He asks us if we want to go outside with him to do the second survey of the environment.
“Of course we want.  This time, I really want to meet some new aliens here.  It will be great to make friends with those aliens on this planet.” Lily answers happily.
“It is the first idea to make alien friends on this planet for Lily.  If we do not let her go, she must be angry.” Says Tony with smile.  We all laugh happily.
“That is true.  It is Mei's first thing to do, too.” Sam makes a joke on Mei.
“Why?” Asks the action leader.
“Because in Mei's mind, she has some aliens special.  She wants to know if there is her alien lover among those aliens outside our spaceship.” I tell the story to the action leader.  He laughs, too.
“They just like to make jokes on me and Lily.  I do not have alien lover.  They make up the story.” Mei tells the action leader.  We all laugh happily.
Under the leadership of the action leader, we all go out with five smart robots.  We walk towards the trees surrounding the hill.
“I do not know what we will find in the trees.  Tell you the truth. I really want to come across something new, especially some aliens.” Sam says while walking.
“Your feeling will become truth very soon.  We might really meet Mei's alien lover here.  If that is so, we meet old friend here.” Tony says while walking.
“There is another possibility that Tony will be selected and kidnapped by a female aliens to be her boyfriend.  If that becomes true, we can let Tony go.” Mei says while walking.  We all laugh.
After reaching the edge of the hill, we face the trees.  There are flowers and grasses with all kinds of colors surrounding those trees.
“It is so wonderful to see those colorful flowers and grasses.  Let us hurry up.” Lily yells to us while seeing those colorful flowers and grasses.  Lily and Mei run towards those flowers.
“Wait for a while.  Do not touch those flowers and grasses.  We should not damage any things on this planet so that we can avoid any misunderstandings between us and those aliens on this planet.” I remind Lily and Mei.
“Why can we not pick some flowers here?  They are wild flowers here. There is no body to take care of those flowers.” Lily asks after hearing my voice.
“It is better no to do so, just in case.  We do not know the situation here.  We do not want to do something to annoy aliens here.” I tell Lily and Mei.
“Do we have to worry about this?” Asks Mei.
“Think about this.  If there are aliens on this planet, they are the owner of this planet.  They are the boss here.  If they do not want any creatures from other planet to damage anything on this planet, our actions could annoy them.  This could make a small thing into a big trouble.  It is not worth to do so at this moment.” I tell Lily and Mei.
“I agree.  It is not wise to annoy aliens here by doing something stupid.  You can play with those flowers later instead of now.” Tony  says.
“I agree, too.  No stupid actions, no annoying.” Says Sam.
Lily and Mei stop picking flowers after hearing our talkings.
All of a sudden, there is an obvious sound from the trees.  As soon as hearing the sound, Lily and Mei shout and run back to us.
After hearing the sound, our smart robots run to protect us immediately.  They stand between us and the trees to form a protecting wall.  This protecting wall offers us sense of security.
After seeing the new situation, the action leader orders us to go back and keep a distance from the trees.
After we go back, our smart robots start to go back step by step.  Under the protection of our smart robots, we are about 100 meters away from the trees.
“The sound from the trees is so loud.  It seems to me that someone tries to scare us away by creating the sound.  It is not a nature sound.” Says Tony.
“I do not think that it is a nature sound.  Obviously, someone inside the trees creates sound on purpose to send us a message.  We must be very careful about our future actions.  I am sure that there is someone inside the trees to monitor us.” Says Sam.
“This is not a friendly sound.  The sound is very strange, very loud, very scaring.” I say. 
“That sound warns us to stay away from the trees.  The aliens watch us constantly.  This is the message I get.” Says the action leader.
“If that is true, what should we do next?  Do we need to go into the trees again?  Should we return to our mother spaceship now?” Asks Lily.
“Let us wait for a while. Let us observe the situation for a while. Let us see if there is strange things again.” Replies the action leader.
We all sit down and watch the trees.  Our smart robots stand nearby to protect us.  There is no more strange sound coming from the trees.  It seems to us that nothing happens inside the trees.  We want to approach the tree again.
“Let us go into the trees to see if we can hear the strange sound first.” I suggest.
“Ok, let us approach the trees gradually.  There is no need to go deep into the trees at this time, just in case.” Says Tony.
“Will we annoy the aliens on this planet?” Lily worries.
“We go there slowly and gradually.  If there is the strange sound again, we can stop.” Says Sam.
“OK, let us have two persons to enter the trees first, just in case.” Says the action leader.
“Let me, Sam and Tony go there first.  Lily, Mei and the action leader stay here for a while.  You just observe the situation when we enter the trees.” I suggest.  Sam and Tony agree with me.
“OK, three of you just enter the trees but not too far away from us.  We stay here to wait your returning.” Agrees the action leader.
“Do you need to have those smart robots to go with you?  They can protect you.” Asks Mei.
“No need.  We just go there to have a little searching.  If we have smart robots fully equipped with weapons, it could annoy the aliens.” I give my opinion.
“I agree.  No need to have smart robots with you.  Smart robots could create misunderstandings between us and those aliens.” Says the action leader.
We go to the trees slowly.  As we reach the edge of the tree, all of a sudden, there is the strange sound coming out.
We know immediately that this is not a natural sound.  It is the sound created by aliens to send us a message.  This sound warns us not to go into the trees.
We stand there without moving for a while.  Slowly, we go back.
“Ok, this sound is obviously not a natural sound.  It warns us not to enter the tree.  There is no need to try again so that we can avoid creating misunderstandings between us and those aliens on this planet.” Says the action leader.
“It is obvious that we are not welcomed to go there.  Let us wait and watch.” I say.
“What should we do next?  Just wait and watch?” Lily asks.
“Let us enter the trees and meet those aliens to explain our situation.” Mei suggests.
“Not now.  Right now, those aliens do not trust us.  If we go there now, it is easy to have conflicts.  If this happens, it will be very bad to our future.” I say.
“Let us leave the trees to a distance and wait there and watch.” Says the action leader.  We all go back and keep a longer distance from the trees.  Our smart robots stand nearby to protect us.
“There are no more sounds coming out.  It seems to me that those aliens like our retreating.” Says Tony.
“It is ok now.  In this way, we can avoid face to face conflicts with those aliens.  This is a kind of mutual responses.”  Says the action leader.
We return to our mother spaceship finally.  The action leader reports to the captain about the searching result.  We stay in our big hall.
“It is hard to imagine that there are aliens near our mother spaceship.  They are watching us constantly.  I do not know if it is a good thing or not.” Mei tells us with some fears.
“It is hard to say.  If your two alien friends are there, it is a good thing.” Replies Sam with smile.
“Obviously, there are alines inside the trees.  Next time when we go out, we must be careful.” I say.
“What should we do next?  We cannot stay inside our spaceship forever.  Sooner or later, we must contact those aliens on this planet.” Asks Mei.
“Of course we will go out again.  We will enter the trees, too.  If we cannot survey the surroundings of our spaceship, how could we explore the whole planet?” Replies Tony.
“What should we do if we really meet those alines on this planet?  We cannot fight with them.” Asks Lily.
“Of course, we will avoid to have conflicts with aliens here.  That is our first consideration.  They are the masters of this planet.  We are just guests here.  If we want to stay here safely, we must establish good relationship with the aliens on this planet.  Otherwise, we cannot survive.” I say.
“If that is the case, it is better for us to have some kinds of contacts with those aliens in the trees near our spaceship.” Says Tony.
“I agree.  As long as we do not fight with the alines here, it is better for us to have contacts with the aliens sooner.  Sooner is better than later.” I say.
“That is true.  Contacting sooner is better than later if we want to set up a kind of friendly relationship with the aliens here.” Replies Sam.

58.Investigate again
Next day, we stay inside.  At lunch time, the captain and the action leader enter our big hall.  We eat while chat.
“We need to go out again.  We need to meet those aliens on this planet.  Sooner is better than later.” I say.
“This is our idea, too.  We plan to go out soon to meet the aliens here.” Replies the captain.
“If we want to get rid of the control by aliens, we need to contact them.  We can set up friendly relationship with the aliens here by friendly contacting.  If and only if we have a good relationship with the aliens on this planet, our mother spaceship can fly again and fly towards our earth.” Says the action leader.
“Yes, only contacting can solve our problem.  We can fly our spaceship again only if we get the permission from the aliens here.” Says Sam.
“Tomorrow, we will go out and enter the trees to search for aliens. Based on safety considerations, Lily and Mei will not go this time.” The captain says. We all agree.  Lily and Mei have no objections.
“This is our plan.  I will go out with three of you and five smart robots.  We will enter the trees nearby to search for aliens.  If we can meet them, we can set up a kind of good relationship with them.” The action leader tells us the plan.  We all agree.
Next morning after breakfast, we go to the observation room.  The action leader is there already.  We go into the isolation room with smart robots first and then, we leave the isolation room from other door.  We walk towards the trees surrounding the hill.
“Hopefully, we will meet some aliens as soon as we enter the trees.” Says Tony.
“I hope so, too.  This time, I want to meet aliens as soon as possible.” Replies Sam.
“I hope so, too.  If we can meet them here, it saves us a journey.” I say.
After entering the trees, we hear nothing.  We continue our journey in trees, we hear nothing and find no aliens.
For safety reasons, three smart robots walk in front of us and two smart robots walk at back of us.  The trees are not so dense.  Sunshine can still penetrate the trees and reaches the ground.  We can see different kinds of flowers and grasses during our trip.  In order to avoid any misunderstandings, we do not pick flowers. We continue our trip for about two km but still hear no special sounds and see no aliens.  This makes us feel frustrated.
“OK, let us have a rest and eat something here.  Maybe we should return to our spaceship after rest.” The action leader tells us.  We all sit around and our smart robots stand nearby to guard us.
“It is very strange this time.  No special sound and no aliens until now.  Last time, we can hear special sound at the edge of the trees.” Says Tony while eating.
“I agree with you.” Sam tells Tony.
“This time, it is very strange.  It seems to me that the aliens know that we want to meet them.  They avoid us on purpose.  They just do not want to meet us.” I say.
“Why?  Last time, they warned us away.  This time, they just disappear.  Do they really not want to contact with us?” Asks Tony.
“Maybe those aliens on this planet are not familiar with people from earth, or they met some unfriendly people from earth before.  This time, they do not want to have contact with us soon.  They just want to wait and see.  They can always monitor us at any time.” I say.
“I have a strong feeling that the aliens on this planet met those missing persons from earth before.  Those missing persons from earth gave them a bad impression.  I also have a strange feeling that those missing persons from earth are on this planet now.” Says Sam.
“Yes, I have the same feeling.  According to our own experiences, aliens are always with our human beings during space explorations.  Those missing persons must have the same situation.  If they had a good relationship with aliens, they could get help when in need.  If they have bad relationship with aliens, they could get troubles.  Last time, those missing persons did not handle the relationship with aliens properly, they got troubles.  This time, we get troubles first.  If we handle the relationship with aliens properly, we could solve the problem.” Says the action leader.
All of a sudden, a big bird flies out of the trees with big sound.  We all stand up.  Our smart robots surround us to protect us.
“I guess that there are aliens in the place where the big bird flies out. Let us walk to the place slowly.  Maybe we can the first close contact with aliens there.” Says the action leader.
“For safety reasons, should we let our smart robots go there first?” Asks Sam.
“It is better to go there together.  We are here to establish friendly relationship with aliens, not here to fight with them. If we just let our smart robots go there first, it is not so good.” I say.
“I agree.  We should go there together.” Replies Tony.
“Ok, let us go there together.  We are here to build friendly relationship, not here to fight with aliens.” Says the action leader.
Under the leadership of the action leader, we walk towards the place together.  Very soon, we reach the place.  We do not find any aliens.  We are all a little bit disappointed. 

59.Try to communicate
“Look!  What is that?” Sam yells to us while pointing a thing with yellow color.  We walk to there and find a big piece of gold.
“This is a piece of gold about 1kg.  It could not be here naturally.  It must be placed here by those aliens on purpose.  It is a good news to us.  That means that the aliens want to communicate with us in this way.” Says the action leader.
“This is my opinion, too.  At least, those aliens here do not cut off contact with us totally.  They place a gold here to show their existence.” I say.
“What should we do next?  Should we just wait here?” Asks Sam.
“Let us wait for a while.  Maybe, those aliens are just nearby.  They are watching us.  Maybe, they will come out after a while.” Says the action leader.  We all agree.
“How about the gold?  What kind of message do they want to send to us?” Asks Tony.
“Yes, what kind of message do they want to send to us?  This is my question, too.” Replies the action leader.
“According to my interpretation, they try to send a good message to us. We should be glad.” I say.
“What is the good message?  Tell us more about it.” Asks the action leader.
“Look!  If those aliens want to send a bad message to us, they can place a weapon here.  That will scare us to death.  So, they place a gold here instead of a weapon here, they try to send us good message.” I explain.
“That makes sense.  At least, this is not a bad message.  Let us guess what is the good message.” Says the action leader.
“It is hard to guess. Even if we do not know exactly what is the good message, we can still feel good about.  What should we do next?” Asks Tony.
“We can place a good thing here to show our friendly message.” Replies Sam.
“I agree.  We can leave a good thing here to show our friendly message.” I say.
“In this case, what should we leave here?” Asks the action leader.
“We can leave a pair of gloves here.” I give my suggestion.
“Why gloves?” Asks the action leader.
“Glove is different from weapon.  It will not send negative message.  A pair of gloves could mean hand shaking.  This is a positive message.” I say.
“This is good.  I agree.  Besides, A pair of gloves could mean hand in hand.  This is a positive message, too.” Says Tony.
“Yes, hand in hand and hand shaking are all positive messages.  Let us do it.” I reply.
“OK, I agree.  Let us leave a pair of gloves in the same place of the gold.  Hopefully, we can get positive feedback from those aliens again.” The action leader leaves a pair of gloves in the same place.  We return to our mother spaceship.
The action leader returns to the control room to report to the captain.  We return to our big hall with the gold.  Lily and Mei are in the big hall to wait for our news.
“Lily, one alien want to have you as his girlfriend.  He wants us to send this gold to you.” Sam makes joke on Lily.
“It must be a joke.  Tell us the truth. Did you really meet those aliens here?” Asks Lily with smile.
“We really met those aliens.  Look!  This is the gold from aliens.  It is really the gift from aliens to you.” I say and let Lily have the gold.
“It is really a piece of gold.  Tell us more details.” Lily looks at the gold and asks us happily.
“Did you really meet aliens?  Tell us more.” Mei asks in a hurry, too.
“We really met aliens, but not face to face.” Replies Tony.
We tell the Lily and Mei the details about our trip.
“It is amazing.  The aliens really want to have a kind of communication with us.  They placed a 1 kg gold there.  It must be expensive.” Mei says.
“We got a message from them.  If we could meet them face to face, it would be even better.” I say.
“I am sure that we will meet those aliens face to face soon.  This is a good starting point.” Lily tells us happily.
“I agree.  If they could leave a big piece of gold there to send good message to us, they will meet us soon.” Replies Mei.
“Next time when you go out, do you need us to go with you?  Maybe we can help.” Asks Lily.
“No need right now.  Until now, we still have not build a king of friendship with the aliens here.  It is risk for two of you to show.” Says Tony.
“Maybe our experiences with those aliens in space can help here on this planet.” Says Mei.
“Maybe later, but not present time.” Replies Sam.
“If they like both of you and want to keep you here, we will be in trouble.” Tony makes a joke on them.
“I agree.  It is better for Lily and Mei to stay in our mother spaceship at present time.” I say.
Lily and Mei agree with us because they know that it is good for their safety.

60.Success communication
Next morning, we go out with some smart robots to the place with our gloves.  This time, we really hope to see those aliens.
When we reach the place, we find that there is only one glove there. On the top of the glove, there is a big piece of gold.
Upon seeing this, we understand.  This means that those aliens want to make a deal with us by taking a glove away and placing a piece of gold there.  They want to have more communications with us.
“Look!  Those aliens get one glove away and place a piece of gold here.  This is a good news.  What should we do next?” The action leader asks.
“We can draw a picture on the ground, a picture with two persons sitting face to face.  This will send a good message to those aliens. Picture is a kind of universal method to communicate.” I give my suggestion.
“This is a good idea.  We can use drawings to communicate with the aliens here.  Maybe later, we can use drawings as our main method to set up a mutual communication channel with the aliens here.” The action leader agrees.  All agree.
Finally, Sam draws a picture with two persons sitting face to face on the ground.
“What should we do to the glove and the gold?” Tony asks while looking at the glove and gold on the ground.
“Leave them here.  We can just put these two things on the top of the picture.  Next time when we come here, we will see what will happen.” Says the action leader.  We all agree.
After returning to our mother spaceship, the action leader goes to the control center to report to the captain.  We have our supper, chat and go to sleep.
Next time when we go to the place with our drawing, we see another picture just near our picture.  There are two persons hand in hand in the new picture.
“Good!  Look at the new picture!  This picture sends us a very good message.  It means that those aliens want to shake hands with us.  They want to meet us face to face.” Says Sam happily.
“Let us do some preparations to meet those aliens.” Says the action leader.
“This is our expectation.  We want to communicate with the aliens face to face so that our mother spaceship can fly home.  We must do a good preparation for the meeting.” Says Tony.
“First of all, next time, we do not need to have our smart robots to come with us.  This will send a good message to those aliens.  This means that we trust them.” I say.
“I agree.  Next time, we come here by ourselves, no more smart robots.” Replies the action leader.
“In that case, we will have no protections at all.  Is it a smart way to do?” Tony worries.
“If those aliens want to hurt us, it is easy for them to do so.  They are capable of controlling the propeller system, they are capable of a lot things.” I say.  All agree.
Before leaving the place, we draw another picture with two persons hand in hand.  We also leave the glove and the gold there.
After returning to our mother spaceship, the action leader reports to the captain.  The captain agrees to our plan.

61.Come across aliens
Next day, we leave our spaceship and walk towards the meeting place without smart robots.
“Hopefully, this time, we will meet those aliens on this planet.” I say.
“I hope so, too.  We have done our best to try to set up a kind of friendly communication method.  It is time for us to meet those aliens face to face.” Replies Sam.
“I think that those aliens have already got our friendly messages.  Even if we cannot meet them this time, I am sure that we will meet them other time.” Says Tony.
“If they do not come this time, we have no other choices but coming back again.” Says Sam.
“I agree.  We just walk to the meeting place again, again and again.  Eventually, we will meet those aliens on this planet.” Says the action leader optimistically.
We continue our trip to the meeting place with uncertainty.  From a very far distance, I see two aliens sitting on the ground near the drawings on the ground.  Obviously, they wait for us.
Upon seeing this, I am a little bit nervous.  I take a look at others, they are a little bit nervous, too.
“Ok, finally, we can meet those aliens face to face.  Just be normal. No need to be nervous.  We are here to make friends, not enemy.” The action leader tells us.
“That is true.  We are here to make friends.  We just be careful.  Do not do anything to annoy them.” Says Sam.
Although we console each other, we still feel a little bit nervous.  After all, this is the first to meet those aliens face to face on this planet.
After reaching the meeting place, those two aliens watch us patiently.  We sit facing the two aliens on the other side of the drawings.  I can feel that those two aliens are a little bit nervous, too.
In order to express our friendly message, the action leader hands me a pair of gloves.  I put the gloves on the drawings near the aliens.  Upon seeing this, one alien puts a piece of gold on the drawings near us.
Upon seeing this, I take the piece of gold and place it besides me.
Upon seeing this, one alien takes the pair of gloves and places them besides him.
We all smile to each other.  We are relax now.  The nervous moods in our minds disappear.
At this time, I find that the original glove and the piece of gold are still in the original place.
Even we are relax, we still do not know what we should do next.
At this time, one aliens rises up and walks towards a small stream nearby.  He picks us a piece of branch from the ground and ties a rope with hook with the branch.  He starts to fish in the small stream.
Upon seeing this, I stand up and walk towards the small stream.  I stand beside the aliens watching his fishing.  The aliens smiles to me while fishing.  All others watch the mutual responses with pleasure.
Very soon, the alien gets a fish.  We all yell to him happily.  He is very happy, too.  Although we still cannot communicate with each other, we all know that this is a good gesture to show our friendship to the alien.  It is obviously that the atmosphere between us and the aliens is relaxed.
The alien puts the fish back to the stream again.  He catches fish for fun not for food.  I pick up a stick put it into the stream.  Very soon, I see a kind of crab creature holding the leaves of my stick.  I pull the stick out of the stream and catch the crab creature.  All people yell to me happily.  I put the crab back to the stream again.
At this time, the fishing alien shouts to the trees beyond the stream.  A bird flies out of the trees and lands on the shoulder of the alien.  We all laugh happily.  Very soon, some more colorful birds fly out and land on the shoulder, head and arms.  We all laugh happily.
After those birds leave him, the alien uses another sound yelling to the stream, a huge tortoise appears from the other side of the stream.  This tortoise crosses the stream and comes to the side of the alien.  The alien rides on the back of the tortoise and tortoise crawls towards the place with drawings on ground.  After leaving the tortoise, the alien taps the back of the tortoise and the tortoise return to the stream by itself.  We all laugh happily.
We all sit around the drawings again.  We smile to those two aliens and those two aliens smile back to us.  At this time, we all feel comfortable.
I hand the gold to the action leader.  An alien hands the pair of gloves to another.  We all laugh to each other.
The action leader stretches his arm forward.  An aliens stretches his arm forward and two hands touch each other.  We all laugh happily.
We sit closer and closer to each other.  Finally, we begin to draw pictures on ground to communicate with the aliens.
The action leader draws a picture on the ground first.  The picture shows that a spaceship flies towards ground.  Those two aliens look at each other for a while.  After communication between them for a while, an alien draws one more spaceship flying towards the ground near our picture.
We are all very happy and look at each other.  I tell them that those aliens try to show us two spaceships flying towards ground.  If that is true, we can find the missing spaceship.
Upon hearing my interpretation, the action leader shows two figures towards the aliens.  The aliens nod their heads to agree with us.  We are all happy to smile.  The aliens smile while seeing our smiling.
After thinking for a while, the action leader draws another picture to show a spaceship flying up.  Those two aliens look at the picture for a while and shake their heads to deny it.  I tell everybody that this means the missing spaceship is still on this planet.  They agree.
Upon seeing this, Tony suggests the action leader to ask if they can let our spaceship leave this planet.  Sam thinks that the situation is not mature enough to ask this question.  We should discuss this issue later.  I and the action leader agree.  I tell them that this face to face meeting is very successful.  We can end this meeting happily without any misunderstandings.  All agree to my suggestion.
The action leader accepts my suggestion.  He draws a picture with four persons with an arrow pointing to a spaceship.  This means that we will return to our spaceship.
Those two aliens look at each other for a while and nod their heads to show their agreement.  At this time, a small flying saucer comes from distance and lands inside the trees.  Those two aliens leave us and walk towards the small flying saucer.  Very soon, the flying saucer flies away.  We stand there without saying anything for a long time.
“It is amazing to have this kind of experience.  Our first meeting with those aliens are so successful.  I cannot believe this result.  We have actually create a friendly relationship with those aliens on this planet. With this successful meeting, it could be easy for our communication with the aliens.” I tell everybody.
“That is true.  I cannot believe it, too.  I expected to have a very nervous first meeting with those aliens.  I am so happy to have a happy result.” Replies the action leader.
“It is so good to have drawing communication with those aliens.  Drawing is a very effective communication method.” Says Tony gladly.
“I agree.  Our action leader contributes a lot in this drawing communication method.  It seems to me that those aliens can understand our drawings clearly.” Says Sam.
“Aliens are high intelligent creatures.  They have very strong comprehensive capabilities.  They can easily catch the main meanings of a picture.” Replies the action leader.
After returning to our mother spaceship, the action leader reports to the captain.  We enter the big hall to meet Lily and Mei.  They are very happy after hearing our experiences.
“It is amazing for you to meet the aliens on this planet.  Are they the same as those aliens in space?” Lily asks happily.
“It is easy for us to be with those two aliens here.  They look like the aliens from those UFOs.” Replies Tony.
“If they are from those UFOs, we can meet those old friends.” Mei says happily.
“Mei always remembers those two aliens from UFO.  Lily and Mei should go with those two aliens at that time, running away with lovers.” I make a joke.  We all laugh.
“We are just friends, not lovers.” Mei retorts with shying.  We all laugh again.
Next morning, under the leadership of our action leader, we walk to the place to try to meet those aliens again.  We wait for a long time but they do not come.  We feel disappointed.
“What happens to them?  They do not come this time.  Is this the place for them to come here very often?” Asks Tony.
“I do not know how to answer your question.  I feel disappointed, too.” Replies Sam.
“We must be patient.  We have only one face to face meeting.  We still do not know their ways of doing things.” I console everybody.
“I agree.  We must be patient.  Since we are here already, let us walk around to see what we will see.” The action leader suggests.  We all agree.
We walk towards the trees with flying saucer last time.  After arriving at there, we find a flat ground and a hole nearby.
“This ground is not large.  It is surrounded by trees and is enough for the small flying saucer to land and take off.” Says Tony.
“Let us go to take a look at the hole.” I suggest.  We walk towards the hole.
All of a sudden, there is a strange loud sound coming from the trees nearby.  We all scared.
“Do not enter the hole.  This sound seems to be a warning to us.  Maybe those aliens do not want us walking around.” Says Tony with some fears.
“I agree.  Let us leave here and go home.  We still have chances to meet those two aliens later.” Says Sam.
We return to our mother spaceship with disappoints.
Next morning, we walk to the  place again.  Still, we meet no aliens.  We feel very uncomfortable.
“We make a big mistake.” I say.
“What is it?” Asks the action leader.
“We forgot to make an appointment last time.  That was a big mistake.” I answer.
“I agree.  It was our mistake.  We cannot blame those aliens.” Replies Sam.
“Let us place another pair of gloves here to say that we want to meet them again.” Suggests Tony.
“It is a good idea.  Let us do it.” Agrees the action leader.  We leave another pair of gloves there and return to our mother spaceship.
Next morning we walk to the meeting place and sit there to wait those aliens.
“I do not know if those aliens will come or not.”  Asks Sam.
“If they can see the new pair of gloves here, I am sure that they will come.” Replies Tony.
“I agree.  That pair of gloves are our friendly messenger.  They will come.” I agree.
“Look!  They come.” Tony yells to us while pointing to front direction.
We see that the big crawling creature comes towards us with two aliens on its back.
The two aliens leave the big creature after it stops and walk towards us happily.  They wave to us and we wave back.  They sit face to face in front of us.
The action leader hands them a pair of gloves to show our goodwill.  One of the aliens accepts them and hands us a piece of gold to us to show their goodwill.  The action leader accepts the piece of gold.  We all laugh with pleasure.
Very soon, we start to have communication by drawing.  We know a general situation here.
Last time, when the missing spaceship enters the space near this planet, the missing spaceship was forced to land on the area controlled by another group of aliens on the planet.  After landing, the missing spaceship open fires to kill some aliens.  This annoys those aliens.  The aliens of anther group controlled the spaceship and those missing persons.  Those missing persons are still on this planet but they are not allowed to return to earth.  That missing spaceship was destroyed totally.  Those missing persons still live here with some freedom.  Those aliens think that without returning to earth is the best penalty to those missing persons.
The action leader asks by drawing if they can help to let those missing persons from earth to live with us.  The two aliens make us know that they cannot interfere the internal affairs of other groups of aliens.  They cannot help.
The action leader makes the two aliens to know that we are sorry to enter their space by mistake.  Since we hurt no aliens here, could our spaceship fly again to take us to earth?  
The two aliens make us know that they can understand our situation.  Since we have set up friendly relationship with them, they can let our spaceship fly again and return to earth.
Upon hearing this, we are all very happy.  The two aliens smile to us upon seeing our happy faces.
The two aliens make us know that if we want to take those missing persons with us, they can understand.  They also remind us not using force to do so.  Otherwise, we cannot take those missing persons away, our spaceship also cannot fly again.
The action leader immediately makes the aliens know that we will not use any force to take those missing persons with.  We will never hurt any aliens on this planet.  Those aliens nod their heads with smiles.
Our action leader makes the aliens know that before we leave here, we will come here to say good bye to them.  We also welcome the aliens to visit our earth.  The aliens nod their heads to accept our invitation.  We end the meeting happily with the aliens.
The two aliens stand up and walk towards the big crawling creature nearby.  They climb on to the back of the big creature and the big creature crawls away with those two aliens.
After the two aliens leaving, we leave the meeting place and walk back towards our spaceship.
“That big creature looks very strong.  It carries two aliens.” Asks Tony.
“If that big creature attacks us, it is hard to protect ourselves.” Replies Sam.
“That big creature looks like a crocodile on our earth.  That big mouth scares me.” I say.
“Right now, we know that those missing persons are on this planet. Could we really rescue them?  I think that it is very hard.” Says Tony.
“I agree.  It is hard to rescue those missing persons.  There are so many uncertainties here.  We must be careful if we really want to rescue those missing persons.” I say.
“What do you mean?” Asks Tony.
“We are not the boss on this planet.  If we want to rescue those missing persons, we must get permission from the two aliens first. Even if we get the permission, we cannot use force to rescue them. Otherwise, we cannot not only rescue those missing persons, we cannot also return to our earth.” I say.
“That is true.  We have not enough capability to overcome those aliens to rescue the missing persons.  If we can return to our earth, I will be very happy.  If we can return to earth, we can still have opportunities to come here to rescue those missing persons.  If we cannot return to earth, there is no hope at all.  We cannot stay here for another twenty years without helps from earth.” The action leader says.
“In addition, those missing persons are not under the management of aliens in this group.  They are under management of aliens in another group. We have no communication at all with aliens of another group.” I say.
“That is true.  Those missing persons killed some aliens of another group.  Those aliens could not forget those things and could not forgive them.  It is alien's mercy to let those missing persons still alive.” Says the action leader.
“It is a hard task to really rescue those missing persons.” Says Tony with sigh.
“All of these will test our intelligent minds. If we cannot handle it properly, we will stay here forever.” I say with sigh, too.
“No matter what, we have a very successful meeting.  Even if we cannot rescue those missing persons, we can fly our mother spaceship and return to our earth.  I just cannot believe that we got the flying permission from those aliens so easily.” I tell everybody.
“That is true.  The meeting result is so good that I cannot believe it. We need to tell everybody to let them be happy, too.” Replies the action leader.
“I believe in those aliens.  They will not cheat us this time.  They will let us fly home.” Says Sam happily.
“I believe them, too.  There is no doubt that we can go home.” Says Tony happily, too.

62.Search missing persons
“Ok, I am sure that we can go home.  Can we rescue the missing persons from our earth before going home?  This is a huge question.  If we deal with it wrongly, we will have disaster.” Asks the action leader.
“If we can rescue those missing persons, that will be perfect.  We need to find out a way to rescue them without hurting the aliens of another group.  If we do not rescue those missing persons from our earth, their fates will be very sad.  They will die on another planet.” I say. The others all agree.
“We need to discuss this issue with our captain.  We need to get his permission first if we really want to rescue those missing persons.  I am sure that the captain will agree with us.” Replies the action leader.
Inside our big hall in our mother spaceship, the action leader asks us to stay there before he walks to the control center to report to the captain.
Very soon, the action leader returns with the captain.  Lily and Mei enter the big hall to join our discussion.
After hearing our reports, all of us are very happy because we are sure that we can go home.
“All of have made great contributions to our team.  I represent all the people in our mother spaceship, including those smart robots, to say thanks to all of you.” The captain praises us.  We are all very happy.
“We have a big problem here.  Do you need to rescue those missing persons from our earth before going home?” Says the action leader.
“Of course we should rescue them.  We just need to find a proper way to do so.” The captain agrees.
“If we plan to rescue them, we must be very careful not to provoke the aliens of another group.  Besides, the aliens’ capability is much advance to our capability.  In this case, how to rescue them?  We cannot fight with the aliens on this planet.  We cannot win if we fight with them.” Replies Tony.
“First of all, we cannot provoke the aliens here.  We need to find a peaceful way to rescue those missing persons.” I say.
“But the aliens of another group will not allow us to bring those missing persons back.  Since last time, those missing persons killed some aliens of another group, it is hard to negotiate with those aliens.” Says the action leader.
“Right now, those missing persons live in a proper condition.  They cannot move out of the living area.  They are lucky not being killed by those aliens.” Says Sam.
“That is true.  If we cannot negotiate with those aliens of another group, what could do?” Asks the captain.
“Steal!” I say.
“That is true.  We can go into the area secretly.  We can bring those missing persons out secretly.  We can steal them out secretly.” Replies Tony.
“I agree.  We can steal them out of their living area if we cannot negotiate them out.” Replies the action leader.
“Any other suggestions?  How to steal them?” Asks the captain
“Right now, the management of those missing persons is very loose.  They can move around within their living area.  This is a good condition for us to enter and leave their living area secretly.  If we rescue the missing persons in this way, we will not fight with those aliens face to face. This will not annoy the aliens strongly.” Says the action leader.
“This is a suitable method.  We can try.  We need a detailed rescuing plan to implement our rescuing purpose.” The captain agrees in principle.
“Let us do it in this way.  Let us enter the district under control by another group of aliens secretly.  Let us do some survey of that district first.  We can have some smart robots going with us.  After coming back, we can make a detailed rescuing plan.” The action leader suggests and we all agree.
“This time, Lily and Mei will not go with us to survey the district.” I suggest.
“I do not agree.” “I do not agree.” Lily and Mei reply unhappily.
“This is the consideration for your safety.” I say.
“That is true, for your safety.  If we meet some aliens and they want to keep both of you to stay with them, we will be in big trouble.” Replies Tony.
“It is easy for you to say.  If we do nothing to help, it is not good to us, too.” Mei replies unhappily.
“Take it easy.  You will have opportunities to help later.  But this time, just let us do it.  Both of you can stay inside our spaceship and provide us some good suggestions this time.” Sam consoles Lily and Mei.
After more discussions, Lily and Mei agree with us not to participant in the following surveying action.
“OK, let us make a plan now to do the survey tomorrow.” Says the action leader.
“Let me introduce the location of those missing persons first.  The information was provided by the two aliens in this district.  After having an initial idea about the location, it will be easier to make the surveying plan.” Says the action leader.  We all agree.
According to the introduction from the action leader, I know that the place with the missing persons is not too far away from us.  It will take about two days to walk there.  We need to pass a forest and a river.  After passing the river, we can climb to the top of a small mountain.  The missing persons are on the other side of the mountain.
We are all very happy after the introduction from the action leader.  We all feel that it is not difficulty to find those missing persons.
“I think that if we want to find those missing from land, it should be no big difficulty.  But it is hard for us to go there secretly.  Those aliens in other district must find us if we go on land.” Tony worries.
“This is our big problem.  If we cannot go there secretly and are found by those aliens in another district, all of our efforts are a kind of wasting our time.  Even worse, if we are caught by those aliens, we cannot return to earth.  We must have a clear picture about the risk.” I say.  After hearing my worries, all fall into worries.
“No matter what, if we handle it properly, if we do not hurt any aliens, we can try this way.  After all, we can come back if we do not hurt those aliens.  We need two smart robots and one smart robot dog to go with us.  The smart robot dog can help us searching road.” I suggest.
“Could we have more smart robots go with us?  In this case, we can have more protections from those smart robots.” Asks Sam.
“No need to have too many.  It is easier to be found out by those aliens if we have too many smart robots.  Besides, even if we have many smart robots with us, if there is a fight, those aliens can still defeat us.” Replies Tony.
“Everybody has some reasons.  I agree to have two smart robots.  This time to survey the situation, our best protection is not being found by those aliens.” The action leader says.
“In addition, since we do not be detected by those aliens, we cannot use our wireless communication system.  That means that there will be no wireless communication between our searching team and our mother spaceship. All the persons in our mother spaceship will not know our situations until we come back.” Says Sam.
“This is the way we have to use.  We must pay attentions on every small details.” I agree.
“Ok, let us have no wireless communications at all during our trip to survey the place.” The action leader agrees.
“That means that we will only use our wireless communication system in real urgent situation.  Otherwise, no wireless communications at all.” I say.  Others all agree.
With the efforts from all of us, we make a detailed plan to survey the place with the missing persons.
Next morning, under the leadership of the action leader, we start our trip with two smart robots and one smart robot dog.  We arrive at the boundary between two alien districts at noon.
“Be careful, we will enter the district of another group of aliens. We must take special attention on our safety.  During our trip, we should walk closely with each other.” The action leader reminds us.
“If we really meet aliens, we must negotiate with them friendly.  We cannot have conflicts with those aliens.  This is for our own safety.” Tony reminds us.  We all agree.
We walk closely with each other inside the forest.  One smart robot walks in front of us and one smart robot walks at back of us.
“I find a very strange thing.  It seems to me that there is no snake on this planet.” Tony tells us when we have a rest.
“Yes, I agree.” I say.
“Maybe, there is no snake naturally.  Or, maybe, the aliens get rid of the snakes.” Replies the action leader.
“We have met many colorful birds on our way with different sizes.” Says Sam.
“Those wonderful birds are beautiful.” Says Tony.
At dusk, we pass the whole forest and reach the river.
“The landscape is very good here.  Let us camp on the bank of this river tonight.” The action leader tells us.  We all agree.
Our smart robot tiger loads all the necessary foods, drinks and things for us.  This robot tiger can run, climb mountain and swim. It will help us to cross the river tomorrow.  Our smart robots and robot dog can swim by themselves.
“I feel that it has been too easy until now.  It is so easy that I cannot believe in it.  It makes me uneasy.” The action leader tells us while eating.
“I have the same feeling, too.  We have met no incidents, no accidents and no meeting those aliens at all.  It is unbelievable. I feel that we are in a trap.”  Tony says.
“Even if we have two smart robots to guard us, let us sleep not far from each other, just in case.” The action leader tells us.  We all agree.
“The night sky on this planet is beautiful.  The sky is full of flashing stars.  There are also two moons hanging on the night sky.  One is larger and closer and another is smaller and further.” Sam says with sigh while lying on the air inflation bed.
“If Lily and Mei are here, they must be so happy that they cannot sleep. Even if they can sleep, they will sleep with beautiful dreams all night.” Tony makes a joke and we all laugh happily.
“If we can have regular shuttle spaceship to travel between our earth and this planet, human beings can come here to have holidays.  We should consider this possibility if we can go home safely this time.” I say.
“This is what I am thinking now.  Since we have established good relationship with the aliens in one district, it is possible for us to have regular shuttle spaceship to fly between our earth and this planet. We can also invite aliens to visit our earth as our guests.  I am sure that they have curiosities about our earth.  We can build strong friendship between our human beings and those aliens on this planet.” Replies the action leader.
“Yes, that is true.  If we can establish holiday center on this planet, there must be many people coming here to spend holidays.” I say.
Gradually, Tony, Sam and the action leader go into sleep.  I do not know why I cannot sleep.  I start to count the number of stars in night sky.  Slowly, I am in half sleeping state.
Half sleep half waking, I realize some aliens coming towards us.  Those aliens stand around us.  It seems to me that they put a kind of device like a piece of mirror on top of our heads.  When one alien tries to put one mirror device on top of my head to collect some data from my head, I scare to wake up.  It is a bad dream.
Upon seeing my surroundings, it is quiet.  All of a sudden, a shadow appears.  One of our smart robot catches it quickly.  At this time, the others wake up.  Under the light shine of our portable torches, we see that our smart robot catches a kangaroo kind animal who wants to steal our foods on our simple and easy table.  The animal is released soon. We all go to sleep in the rest of the night.
Next morning after breakfast, we prepare to cross the river.
The river become deeper and wider due to rain last night in other area.  Our smart robot tiger carries our foods and other things crossing the river first.  The smart robots and robot dog also cross the river by themselves.  After unloading those materials, the robot tiger crosses the river again towards us.  Finally, we all cross the river.
We walk towards the small mountain in front.  The mountain is not very high.  We climb towards the top slowly.  After reaching the top, we can see the situation on other side of the mountain by telescope.
Very soon, we all find the missing persons doing things near their house.  Three of them even lie there to enjoy sunshine.
Upon seeing this, Tony shouts to us happily.  The action leader stops him very soon.
“Those missing persons are not far away from us.  What should we do next?  Should we rescue them now?  Let me go there to take a look first.” I tell the action leader.
“Since we are here now, let us rescue them.” Suggests Sam.
“It is no good.  If we rescue them now, we will make a lot of troubles.” Replies the action leader.
“Why?” Asks Sam.
“First of all, our task here is to search for them, not rescue them now.  Secondly, if we really take them away with us, it could be found by those aliens.  They will catch all of us.  In addition, we do not know if there are all of them.  If we could only rescue some of them, what will happen to those being left here?  We cannot come here again.” The action leader tells Sam.
“I agree. Besides, it is too smooth to come here this time without any incidents.  It is too good to be true.  It is better for us to consider clearly before doing any thing.  If we try to rescue those missing persons now, we might be caught by those aliens.” I say.
“Let us go to there secretly to take a look first.  We cannot just return to our mother spaceship.” Says Tony.
“Let me go there with one smart robot and one robot dog.  You just wait here for my returning.  If I could find one of those missing persons, I could get some information about them.  If I could not find any one of them, I will just take a look at the environment.  I will go there and come back without disturbing those aliens.” I tell everybody.
“Ok, just go and come back safely.  We wait here for you.” After considering for a while, the action leader agrees.
I leave everybody with a smart robot and a robot dog.  After reaching the edge of the mountain, I find a missing person being not far from me.  I crawl towards the missing person with my smart robot and robot dog quietly.
Suddenly, I find an alien sitting under a tree nearby.  He must be the one to monitor the activities of those missing persons.
In order to avoid the alien, I crawl to the other side of the living area.
There is a deep trench around the living area of missing persons.  Without helps, those missing persons cannot cross the trench.  Maybe this is the reason why the monitoring to those missing persons is so loose.
After reaching the back of the living area, my smart robot crawls to the bottom of the deep trench.  The robot ejects a belt towards me.   The smart head of the belt goes into ground firmly.  I crawl to the bottom of the deep trench along this belt. The robot dog crawls to the bottom of the trench by itself.  After taking back the belt by the smart robot, we cross the bottom of the deep trench.  By using the same method, we climb to the top of other side of the trench.
I find a person in the house.  I crawl towards the house with my smart robot and robot dog slowly.
At this time, a missing person enters the backyard to take something. My smart robot is very smart.  He catches the missing person with covering the person's month.
The missing person is very surprise to see me with some pleasure.  I tell him my purpose. He is very happy.  He tells me that there are six persons here.  He is very exiting after hearing that we will come back again to rescue them.  I tell him that all of them should be together all the time so that we can rescue all of them at the same time.  I leave the place after hearing some brief description about their situations.
As soon as we cross the deep trench, an alien appears nearby.  Maybe he feels something strange happening nearby.  He stays there without moving. I let my robot dog crawl towards another direction to lead the alien going to another direction.  Very soon, the alien disappears without a trace.
Upon seeing this, I and my smart robot crawl leaving the deep trench behind us.  We find a place to wait our robot dog coming back.
I feel uneasy after waiting for a long without returning robot dog.  At this time, three aliens come towards my direction.  Obviously, the aliens search for us.  Even if we have invisible cover to protect us from being detected by any detecting devices, we are not invisible from light.  If those aliens come too close to us, they can still see us.
In order to avoid those aliens, I leave the waiting place with my smart robot.  We cannot go to the small mountain directly.  We have to go a big curve path to go back.
It is dusk.  I have to leave without our robot dog.  Hopefully, our robot dog can return to the small mountain by its own intelligence.
Under the coverage of darkness, I walk in the opposite the direction of the small mountain where my colleagues wait for me first.  I plan to make a left turn and another left turn and then, walk directly towards the small mountain.
On my way to the small mountain, there is deep grassland.  One moon rises from horizon.  One moon is in the middle of night sky.  Under the moon shine from two moons, I run as fast as I can with my smart robot.
All of sudden, my smart robot stops and hides under grasses.  Upon seeing this, I hide myself under grasses, too.  The smart robot points to the left side.  I am surprised to see that some aliens come to our direction in an array formation.  Since the aliens cannot detect us by their detecting devices, they have to search us by actually seeing us.
Very soon, my smart robot find a cave nearby.  We move towards the cave and hide near the entrance of the cave.
Slowly, the aliens come closer and closer to our hiding place.  We have no choices but crawl into the very dark cave.  Very soon, the aliens find the cave.  Under the light shine from my portable torch, we walk quickly towards the inside of the cave.  Of course, there is no need to have visible light for the smart robot.
Inside the cave, it is very large.  We can run inside the cave.  Finally, we arrive at the edge of a pool of water.
At this time, the noise of the aliens are closer and closer.  We have to find a way to hide.
No other choices, I put one oxygen candy into my mouth and put on a sealing mask to cover my mouth.  I and my smart robot dive to the bottom of the pool.
After reaching the bottom of pool, I find a cave on the wall of the pool.  I and my smart robot hide into the underwater cave quietly.
At this time, the oxygen candy in my mouth begins to provide my oxygen.  I can stay under water for a long time with an oxygen candy in my mouth.  The oxygen candy is specially designed to store oxygen in the size of a candy.  It can provide oxygen to a person underwater for a long time.  It is a very useful invention for our space exploring mission.
Very soon, I find some light beams through the surface of the water pool.  The aliens come.  We stay there without any movements.  Finally, the light beams disappear.  I release a mini probe onto the surface to detect the environment.  After making sure that there are no aliens nearby, I come to the surface of the pool with my smart robot.
There is total silence nearby.  The silence makes people have delusion.  We get out of the pool walk towards the exit of the cave quietly.
I put a mini probe out of the cave to see the situation.  I find an alien standing near the exit of the cave.  Obviously, those aliens will come back again with some detecting devices to search the pool.
Since we cannot leave the cave, we have to return to the pool.  I hear some noises coming from the entrance of the cave.  At this time, my smart robot finds a gap on the wall.  We crawl into the gap and move forward.
The aliens come to the pool.  They put their devices into water to have a full search of the bottom.  I and my smart robot stop moving and stay there quietly.
Suddenly, there is a light beam coming through the gap.  I know that those aliens find this gap, too.  I am sure that they will enter the gap to do their search.
I crawl into the depth of the gap quietly with my smart robot.
As I expect, those aliens enter the gap after searching the bottom of the pool without any results.  The light beams from their devices flash along the wall of the gap.
I start to run while bending my body with my smart robot as fast as I can.  Those aliens run after us as fast as they can.  From the noise, those aliens know that we are inside the gap.
I run as fast as I can and finally, I cannot run any more.  We reach the end of the gap cave.  The exit of the gap cave is on a cliff near sea.  The noise from those aliens are closer and closer.  I give up with disappointment.
My smart robot tells me to jump into the sea.  The exit is about 100 meters above sea level.  I tell him that I cannot jump because it is too high.
The aliens are closer and closer.  My smart robot tells me that he can rescue me after jumping.  I put an oxygen candy into my mouth and put a sealing mask to cover my mouth, I hold the hand of my smart robot and we jump into sea together.
After jumping into sea, I lose my consciousness.  My smart robot holds me to have diving-swim while my mouth still holds the oxygen candy.  My smart robot swims like a mini submarine and finally, reaches a beach with me.  Since there is an oxygen candy in my mouth, I have no problem during the diving-swim.
I get my consciousness back after lying on the beach for a while.  I see the night sky with many flashing stars.  The two moons are on two sides of the night sky.  My smart robot stays nearby to protect me.
After seeing my waking up, the smart robot comes to me and asks me what we should do next.  I think that we cannot stay here to wait our robot dog to return.  I decide to return to the small mountain to meet my colleagues directly.
After having my instruction, my smart robot carries me on the back and runs towards the small mountain.
Under the night sky with flashing stars, my smart robot carries me running as fast as possible and as quiet as possible.
Very soon, we reach a searching line formed by the aliens.  After seeing our jumping into sea, the aliens form a new searching line quickly along coast to stop my returning.
We have to stop running and hide nearby quietly.  We wait and see new opportunities to go home.
After waiting for a long time, we still cannot find opportunity to penetrate the searching line formed by the aliens.  It seems to me that we cannot go home on land.  I decide to bypass the alien searching line by dive-swimming under sea.
I put an oxygen candy into my mouth and put sealing mask to cover my mouth.  I and the smart robot go into sea quietly.  After dive-swimming for a long distance, we bypass the alien searching line finally.  We find a beach to land and run towards the small mountain as quiet as possible.  I hope that I will meet all of my colleagues there.
When I climb to the top of the small mountain, I am surprised to see that there is nobody there.  I suppose that my colleagues meet big troubles.
My smart robot searches all the surroundings.  Finally, he find a piece of paper under a piece of stone.
I take a look at the paper quickly and know the situation.  My colleagues had to leave the small mountain because those aliens searched there, too.  In order to avoid conflicts with those aliens, that was their only choice.  They wait for us on the border between this district and the friendly alien district.
I set my mind at rest after reading the note.  I take a look at my surroundings, I find no aliens nearby.  At this time, the two moons hang in the middle of night sky.  The moon light shines the ground like a silver cover.  I prepare to leave the small mountain and march towards the friendly alien district.  Hopefully, I can meet my colleagues at the border there.
All of a sudden, three aliens appear in front of us.  They approach us from left, front and right directions.  
Upon seeing this, I run away as fast as I can with my smart robot. Those aliens run after us closer and closer.  Suddenly, one of the aliens falls to ground.  The other two aliens stop chasing us to help the falling one.
Actually, the falling alien is attacked by our robot dog.  Our robot dog runs a way after attacking.  Those aliens do not catch it.
Upon seeing this, I run away with my smart robot and disappear into the bushes.
Finally, the smart robot carries me to arrive at the place to meet my colleagues.
“What happened to you?  We are waiting for you for such a long time. It worries us so much.” The action leader asks in a hurry.
“It is a long story.  I do not want to start our wireless communication device because I do not want those aliens detect my position.” I tell them my whole experience.
“You are very lucky to come back this time.  I am glad to see you again.” Says Sam.
“I am still worry about my robot dog.  It was him who rescued me by attacking those aliens.” I say.
“Originally, the location parameters are for the meeting place in the small mountain.  Let me send new parameters to him to meet us here.  We can just wait here for his coming back.” Replies the action leader.
“Do we still need to keep wireless silence?” Asks Tony.
“Those aliens know our place now.  There is no need to keep wireless silence anymore.  Since we are in the friendly alien district, those aliens in another district will not come here to bother us.  Otherwise, they will cause big troubles between them and the friendly aliens.” Replies the action leader.
“Will this let those aliens know the location of our robot dog?” Asks Sam.
“It will not.  Our robot dog will only receive data without sending out any signal.  So, it is safe to him.” Replies the action leader.
Very soon, the action leader sends the new location parameters to our robot dog.  We just sit there and wait for our robot dog coming back.
“If our robot dog could not come back, we need to search for him.  He is a very friendly and valuable robot dog to us.” I still have some worries.
“No need to worry about that.  Our robot dog is a very smart dog.  He can find his way here. Besides, we do not know where to find him.” Tony consoles me.
“I hope so.  If those aliens catch our robot dog, they will destroy him.  They will treat him as a machine not a person from earth.” I reply.
“I am sure that our robot dog can arrive at here.  Do not worry.” Says Sam.
“If those aliens really catch our robot dog, they will study it first.  They will dismantle it later.” Says Tony.
“I agree.  They have no emotional feelings to our robot dog.  They will dismantle it.” Agrees Sam.
We wait and wait for our robot dog coming back under the moon light sky. Finally, one of our smart robots runs into the jungle nearby and comes out with our robot dog.  Our robot dog finds our new meeting place by bypassing those aliens according to the new location data.
Upon seeing the returning of the robot dog, the smart robot who went out with the robot dog runs towards the robot dog and holds him happily.
“Ok, our robot dog is very smart.  He can find way to meet us here. All have returned.  Let us go home.” Says the action leader.
We all leave the border and walk towards our mother spaceship.
“This time, even if we have some many troubles, we still have a lot of good results.” Says Sam.
“I think so.  At least, we know the situation of those missing persons now.  This information is very useful to our future rescuing plan.” I agree.
“Since we have already known the detailed situation about those missing persons, we can make a good rescue plan later.” Says Tony happily.
“I agree.  After making a detailed rescue plan, there should be no big problem for us to “steal” those missing persons.” Says Sam.
“Those missing persons could still have sun shine shower on the ground. It is amazing.  When I saw them from my telescope, I thought that they could still have a pleasure lives.  General speaking, their lives are ok.” Tony says.
“It is true.  Those missing persons can do whatever they want.  They just cannot leave the living place.  But whenever they realize that they will die on this planet, they feel frustrated.” I reply.
“What was the reaction when you met the missing person?” Asks Sam.
“Of course he was very surprised and happy.  He just could not believe the situation to meet another person from earth.  If you were the missing person, you would have believed being in a dream.” I reply with smile.
“You must think that you have a day dream.  If you have not seen a person from earth for a long time, all of a sudden, you see a person from earth, you will have a heart attack.” Says the action leader with pleasure.
“What else did he tell you?” Asks Tony.
“Actually, the situation is as what we analyze.  After leaving earth, their spaceship was followed by UFOs.  During their journey to explore universe, they made a lot of mistakes.  The biggest mistake was that they had a very bad relationship with aliens.  According to our experience, if you have a bad relationship with those aliens, you will have big troubles.” I reply.
“This is what I suppose.  They must have a very bad relationship with aliens.  When they needed helps later, they could not get any helps from those aliens.  In this case, we are smart and they are stupid.” Replies Tony.
“That is true.  When they found remains of aliens, they just moved them randomly.  This behave made those aliens very unhappy.  Those aliens did not attack them directly but they created a lot of troubles to those missing persons.  After all, those missing persons were in a constant hostile mode towards those aliens.  This mode killed them.  They never left this universe and never entered another universe.” I say.
“If you are in a constant hostile relationship with those aliens, you will have no future in space exploration.  We have no technical advantages comparing with those aliens.  We cannot fight with them physically.” Says Sam.
“That is true.  During their exploration of space, those UFOs disturbed them very often.  Those disturbances made those missing persons impossible to explore space effectively.  They had to spend a lot of time and resources to deal with the troubles created by those aliens.  Under such kind of circumstances, how could they have effective space exploration?  Their space exploration mission was a kind of wasting time and resources from earth.” I say.
“We are smart not to annoy those aliens during our journey.  Other than this, we have established a friendly relationship with those aliens, too.  It pays us back for our careful handling the relationship with those aliens.” Replies Tony.
“You are right.  Look at our Lily and Mei.  They almost have aliens boyfriends during our journey of space exploration.  They played with those aliens happily.  Everybody can see that we have a good relationship with those aliens.” Says Sam with smile.  We all laugh happily.
“How could those missing persons come to this planet?” Asks Sam.
“It is very simple.  Just like us, they happened to pass this planet and was forced to land.  Before landing on this planet, they open fires on those aliens and killed some of them.  This made those aliens very angry.  After capture their spaceship, those aliens destroyed it totally.  Those aliens did not kill those missing persons.  But those missing persons could not return to earth, too.” I reply.
“Space exploration just likes playing chess.  If one step is wrong, you could have big trouble or even loss the whole game finally.  If those missing persons killed some aliens, they could not escape their bad fate.  They are lucky that they are still alive.  They should be happy for not being killed by those aliens.” Says the action leader and we all agree.
While walking and talking, we return to our mother spaceship safely.

63.Failure rescuing
In our big dormitory hall, the captain, Lily and Mei listen to our reports.
“According to your information, you get very useful data even with  many risks.  We can make our detailed rescuing plan now.  After rescuing those missing persons successfully, we can go home.” The captain says happily after hearing our reports.
“Right now, we have a new problem.  The aliens in that district have already suspected that we might try to rescue those missing persons. If we do not take actions as soon as possible, those aliens might transfer those missing persons to another location.  If that happens, our reconnaissance will be wasted.” Says the action leader.
“In this case, we must act quickly.  We must make our detailed plan now.  Everybody can provide suggestions.” The captain says.  We are all lost in thought.
“I have thought it carefully.  The first rescue plan is to go through the path on land as before.  We go through the forest, cross the river, climb the small mountain and rescue those missing persons. This plan is simple.  If we are lucky, we could succeed.” Says the action leader.
“How about the second and third plans?” After pondering for a while, the captain asks.
“The second plan is to go through my escaping way on the sea.  We can dive-swim with our smart robots along the coast.  After finding those missing persons, we can dive-swim back with our smart robots. This plan is not that simple.” I say.
“What is the third plan?” Asks Tony after pondering for a while.
“The third plan is the most complicated one.  In this plan, we need to use our planet landing ship.  We fly just above sea.  After rescuing those missing plan, we fly back at very low height.” Says Sam.
“If we use our planet landing ship to rescue those missing persons, we need to let the friendly aliens know first.  It is hard to predict if we can get the permission from the friendly aliens.  We must have full understanding about this point.  Otherwise, we will not have a good result.” Says the captain.  We are all lost in thought again.
“Let us determine which plan we will use first.  If we just take the first and second plans, there is no need to bother those friendly aliens.” Reminds Tony.
“This is a good idea.  Let us compare the advantages and disadvantages among those three rescue plans.  After comparing, we can select the best one.” Agrees the captain.
“Let me introduce the first plan.  This plan is easy.  We can just follow the land path to rescue those missing persons.  If we try this plan, we can know if the aliens in another district will turn a blind eye to our rescuing.  If we can rescue those missing persons in this way, we can avoid confrontation with those aliens in another district.” I say.
“Of course, if those aliens can turn a blind eye to our rescuing, it is the best way.  But I think that the possibility of achieving this plan is very low.” Says Tony.
“I agree.  It is too easy to believe this plan.  If the aliens in another district do not turn a blind eye to our rescuing, this plan will fail. But if we do not try this plan first, we do not know the attitude of those aliens to our rescuing.  If we try other plans directly, we will offend those aliens.” I reply.
“I agree to try the first plan first.  If we can avoid offend those aliens, it is better.” Says Sam.
“I agree, too.  If we use our planet landing ship to rescue those missing persons directly, it must offend those aliens in this district and those aliens in another district.  If we offend aliens on this planet, we will be in big trouble.” Replies Tony.
“That is the main consideration of the first plan.  If we can avoid offending the aliens, we avoid.  It is good to our future missions.” I say.
“If the first rescuing plan fails, we can skip the second plan and jump to the third plan directly.” Says Lily.
“According to my escaping experience, it is possible for us to rescue those missing persons by going through sea area.  This plan will not involve our planet landing ship.  There is no need to consult those aliens in this district.  If we use our planet landing ship directly, that means that we will break the good relationship with those aliens in this district and offend those aliens in another district very badly.  We should try our best to avoid this disaster result.” I explain.
“Ok, after considering so many aspects, let us try the first plan first in order to minimize the possibility of offending those aliens.  If the first and second plans fail, we try the third rescuing plan by using our planet landing ship.” Suggests the action leader.
“Ok, I agree.  Let us do it in this order.” After considering for a while, the captain makes the final decision.
After preparing for several days, we start our first rescuing plan.  This time, There are four persons, two smart robots and three smart robot tigers in our small troop.  The robot tigers can carry a lot of things for us.  After passing through the forest, we reach the river.
Suddenly, some big birds fly out from the top of the small mountain which is on the other side of the river.
We are all surprised by seeing the flying big birds.  Those big birds fly above our heads towards further distance.  We suspect that those big birds send us a message from those aliens in another district.
“It seems to me that those aliens know our location now.  Should we continue our trip or turn back?” I ask the action leader.
“I am sure that those aliens find us now.  What should we do next?  Continue or return?” The action leader asks everybody.  We all evaluate the situation.
“Since we are here now, it is better for us to continue our trip until we really meet those aliens.  Even if it will fail, let it fail first. I want to see what will happen next.” Replies Sam.
“I agree.  At this moment, we cannot go back without actual seeing those aliens.  We should continue our trip wherever we see those aliens.” Replies Tony.
“Ok, let us go until we actually see the aliens.  But remember, no matter what happens, we should do our best to avoid having confrontation with those aliens in this district.” Says the action leader.
“If they attack us first, what should we do?  Do we really not fight back?” Asks Sam.
“If that is the case, what should we do?  We must make a decision now.  Otherwise, we do not know how to deal with the situation.” Says Tony.
“I do not think that the direct attacking will happen.  If they want to attack us directly, they could do it before.” I console them.
“Let us do it in this way.  Whenever we see aliens, we stop and turn back.  In this way, we can avoid any direct confrontation.” Replies the action leader.
“I agree.  We keep an distance from those aliens if they really appear.  In this way, there will be no close contact.  We just go back after seeing them.” I say.
After crossing the river, we continue our journey towards the top of small mountain.  When we reach the middle of the small mountain, there are more big birds flying out all of a sudden.
Upon see this, we all feel uneasy again.  We all know that this is the signal sent out by those aliens.  Those aliens do not want us go forward anymore.
We look at each other for a while.  No need to mention, we all know the situation.  Although we all know that we will be stopped by the aliens, we still continue our trip to the top of small mountain in solemn and stirring mood.
Before almost reaching the top, an alien appears.  This is what we expect and this is also out of our expectation.  We know that sooner or later, there will be aliens to stop us.  When we actually see an aliens appearing, we still feel surprised.  At this time, we all know that this rescue plan fails.
We stand there face to face with the alien.  We understand with each other without any words or gestures.  We turn back slowly and begin to walk towards the foot of small mountain.  At this time, we all know that this is the wisest choice for us.
During our trip towards the foot of mountain, there is no action from the alien.  There is no noise from him, too.  We continue our way towards the foot of mountain under the view of the alien.  After reaching the foot of mountain, I turn around to see no alien at all.
“There are luck and non-luck this time.” I say with sigh.
“What do you mean?” Asks Sam.
“We cannot rescue the missing persons this time.  This is non-luck to us.” Says the action leader.
“We can go downhill safely.  This is luck to us.” Replies Tony.
“Could we really return to our spaceship safely?  It is too earlier to say luck to us.  After all, we are still in the district with those unknown aliens.” Replies Sam.
“I am sure that we can return safely.  There is no need to worry about this.  If those aliens really want to hurt us, they could do it during our trip going downhill.” I console Sam.
“I agree.  We can return to our mother spaceship without any questions.” Replies the action leader.
We return to our spaceship with bad moods.
As soon as we enter the big hall, the captain, Lily and Mei can read our frustrations from our faces.  They all know that our first rescuing plan fails.  After hearing our reports, we all loss into deep thought.
“From this experience, we know that we cannot rescue those missing persons on land.  We need to start our second rescuing plan.” Says the captain.
“That is true.  Rescuing people from land is totally out of question.  We need to implement our second plan.  This time, there is no need to have four persons.” The action leader agrees.
“Let me go with you.” I suggest to the action leader.  All agree.
Next evening, I and the action leader set out with eight smart robots.  Two smart robots will pull me and the action leader as kind of submarines under water.  The other six smart robots will help six missing persons under water when we come back.  Of course, we have enough oxygen candies, sealing masks and sealing transparent helmets.  The sealing transparent helmet can protect the whole head and let person see the outside environment.
After reaching a beach, I and the action leader put oxygen candies into our mouths, put the sealing masks to cover our mouths and put the sealing transparent helmets on to protect our heads.  We go to sea quietly and dive towards a beach near the resident area of those missing persons.
Under the sea level, a smart robot has one belt to hold my two shoulders.  The smart robot drives forward like a submarine to pull me forward.  The action leader does the same as my action.  The other six smart robots dive by themselves along with us.  We dive under sea level without being detected by those aliens.  Under the guidance of our smart guiding system, we reach the  beach near the resident area of those missing persons successfully.  We crawl to the beach.  The surroundings are very quietly.  
Under the coverage of darkness, two smart robots walk in front of us. I and the action leader follow the robots in front.  The other smart robots follow us behind.  We walk quickly towards the resident area of those missing persons.
All of a sudden, the two smart robots in front stop.  They wave to us to stop and squat down to hide us.
Looking out from my hiding place, I can see that there are three small high huts in front.  In every hut, there is an alien to monitor the surrounding.  These huts are new.  Obviously, these huts are specially set up to monitor the movements of those missing persons and prevent us to rescue them.
“Under such circumstance, I suspect that those aliens have already known our trip.  They especially set up some monitoring huts here to prevent us from coming from sea.” I tell the action leader.
“I have the same feeling, too.  It seems to me that our second rescue plan will fail.” Replies the action leader.
“So far, what should we do next?  Continue our trip or retreat?  We must make a decision now.  Otherwise, we will be in trouble.” I tell the action leader.
“Let us go forward until we will meet those aliens.” The action leader makes the final decision.
In order to avoid those monitoring huts, we have to detour our trip to bypass those aliens.
After avoiding some other monitoring huts successfully, we come to the deep trench around the residential area of those missing persons.
Immediate before trying to cross the deep trench, we realize that we fail again.  We see some aliens appearing from the other side of the deep trench.  Those aliens do not take any actions, they just watch us motionless and silently.  We stand there and watch each other face to face.
Under such circumstance, I and the action leader see each other for a while.  Without any verbal communication, we turn back with our smart robots towards the beach.  We return to our mother spaceship safely.
In the big hall, we give all the persons a report.  We all feel depressed.
“OK, we have no other choice but to use our planet landing ship to rescue those missing persons from our earth.” Says Tony.
“We need to consider every aspects very carefully before using our planet landing ship.” Replies the action leader.
“It is better for us to get permission from those friendly aliens first. At least, we should get tacit permission from them first.  Otherwise, we will offend those friendly aliens strongly.  It is no good for us to return to our earth.  If that is true, we not only cannot rescue those missing person, but also cannot return to our earth.” Says the captain.
“I agree.  We cannot bear the consequences of offending those friendly aliens.  It is a matter of life or death.” I reply.
“Let me try to contact those friendly aliens first.  If we can get permission or tacit permission from them, we can use our planet landing ship to rescue those missing persons.  If we get permission, what is our detailed rescue plan?” Asks the action leader.
“Our planet landing ship can fly just above the sea level to approach the residential area secretly.  It must be fast and secretly.” I say.
“After rescuing those missing persons successfully, we cannot stay here any longer.  We must leave for home immediately in order to cause minimum troubles to those friendly aliens.  If we stay here anymore time, those unfriendly aliens can give us big trouble.  We cannot even take off anymore.” Replies the action leader.
“I agree.  If we use our planet landing ship to rescue missing persons, those unfriendly aliens must fight back.  If we do not take off to our earth, we might never be able to do so.” Replies the captain.
“I agree.  If we leave here immediately after rescuing missing persons, it is good to those friendly aliens.  Otherwise, those unfriendly aliens might ask the friendly aliens for returning those missing persons.” I say.
“Ok, let our action leader contact those friendly aliens first.  We must let those friendly aliens know our rescue plan and try to get their permission.  We will make our detailed plan after getting the permission from the friendly aliens.” The captain makes the final decision.
“OK, I will go out tomorrow with some colleagues.” Says the action leader.
“OK, good luck to all of us.  We are waiting for your good news.” The captain ends the meeting.

64.Tacit permission
Next morning before we set out, Lily and Mei come to join us.  We let them go with us this time.  Under the leadership of the action leader, we walk towards the previous meeting place.
After reaching there, we see that one glove and one piece of gold are still there.  We leave another new pair of gloves there to show our wishes to meet those friendly aliens again before returning to our mother spaceship.
On the third day, we set out to try to meet those friendly aliens.
Far from the meeting place, we see that those two friendly aliens sitting there waiting us to come.  They are very happy when they see Lily and Mei.
After shaking hands with each other, we sit face to face with each other.
After drawing communication, our action leader makes those friendly aliens know our rescuing plan.  After knowing our plan, the aliens fall into deep consideration.  They do not show us their being for or against our plan.
After the mutual silence for a while, Lily starts to draw a big bird from earth on the ground.  The two aliens are very happy about Lily's drawing.  They move towards Lily and draw another big bird from the planet near Lily's bird.  We all smile happily.
After drawing the picture, the two aliens return to the original place.  By drawing communication, the aliens make us know that they want to have another meeting tomorrow morning.
We are very happy to know that the aliens want to meet us again tomorrow morning.  After shaking hands to show good bye, we start to return to our mother spaceship.
“This time, those two aliens played with Lily happily.  It is a good sign to us.  I expect a good result to our rescuing plan.” On our way to our spaceship, I say.
“I agree.  It is a kind of lucky for Lily to draw pictures with those aliens happily.  Lily made some alien friends on this planet.” Says Sam.
“Do you really think that we can have a good result?” I ask the action leader.
“I do believe in this. I expect to get good result in next meeting. First of all, those aliens did not oppose our rescue plan from the very beginning.  This is the biggest achievement we got in this meeting.  Secondly, those two aliens were very friendly with Lily.  They all liked drawing birds.  Maybe that is the main reason for those aliens to propose to meet us again.” Replies the action leader.  I agree.
After entering our spaceship, we find that the captain is in the big hall waiting for our returning.  After hearing our reports, the captain is very happy.  He also congratulates Lily being a friend with those two aliens.
“I think that there is no need for Lily and Mei to meet those aliens.  You need to bring some gifts to those aliens, too.” The captain suggests.
“Why should we not go?  We can help when indeed.” Asks Lily in a hurry.
“If Lily will go, she could help us especially her being friend with those two aliens.  But if those aliens want to keep Lily on this planet, what should we do?  It is hard for us to refuse their request.” The action leader says.
“This is my main consideration.  Based on safety reason, Lily and Mei should not meet those aliens tomorrow.” Replies the captain.
Upon seeing our opposing them to go with us tomorrow morning, Lily and Mei accept our suggestions.  They understand that this is for their own safeties.
Next morning, we take some pictures of big birds from our earth to meet those two aliens.  After we sit there for a while, those two aliens come.
After offering gestures to show good morning to each other, those two aliens seem disappointed.  One alien draws a girl head picture on the ground.  I know that they want to see Lily and Mei.  I show the pictures of big birds to those aliens quickly in order to divert their attention.  They are very glad to see those pictures.  After a while, one alien points to the girl picture on the ground.  We all know that they want to see Lily and Mei this time.  If Lily and Mei do not come here quickly, we might have no good result in this meeting.
Our four persons see each other face to face.  I tell the action leader that we must ask Lily and Mei to come here quickly.  Otherwise, this meeting will not have a good result.  The action leader agrees with me and ask me to return to our mother spaceship to ask Lily and Mei to come as quick as possible.
After drawing communication, those two aliens are very happy when knowing that we will ask Lily and Mei to come here.  Upon seeing this, I leave the meeting place and run towards our mother spaceship to ask Lily and Mei to come.
After entering our spaceship, I go to find the captain first.  The captain is surprised to see me.  We enter the observation room and I tell him the meeting result.
After hearing my report, the captain is surprised greatly.  After a long consideration, he tells me, “It is better for Lily and Mei to go in this critical moment.  It is for all of us.  If they do not go, there will be no good result during this meeting.  Hopefully, there will be nothing strange happening.” 
“It is hard to say.  If Lily and Mei do not go this time, there could be no good result.  If they really go, there is a real chance for those aliens to keep Lily and Mei.  If that happens, Lily and Mei cannot return to our earth with us this time.” I tell him my consideration.
“I agree with you.  It is possible.  But if Lily and Mei do not go, maybe all of us cannot return to our earth.  Hopefully, we can get a good result without keeping them here.” Replies the captain.
“That is my hope, too.  This time, we cannot avoid the risk.  We have to let Lily and Mei try.  If there are real troubles, we try to solve them.” I reply.
“We just try with the best hope.  By the way, when you meet Lily and Mei later, do not tell them our worries first.  I do not want to give them too much burdens.” The captain reminds me.  I agree.
After reporting the captain, I go to find Lily and Mei.
When they see my coming back, they are surprised.  After hearing my report, they are glad to go with me immediately.  At this time, I tell them nothing about the discussion between me and the captain.
After seeing Lily and Mei, those two friendly aliens are very happy.  They stand up and one of them walks towards Lily and Mei and gives a piece of gold to everyone.  He also holds Lily’s hand to start drawing picture on ground.  After drawing the picture with Lily happily, the alien returns to his original place to communicate with the action leader.  We all sit nearby to watch them.
According to the drawing communication, we know the message from the aliens.
If we do not hurt those aliens in another district, the friendly aliens in this district will allow us tacitly to use our planet landing ship to rescue those missing persons from earth.  They also agree to let our mother spaceship take off towards our earth immediately after rescuing those missing persons.  They also welcome us to visit this planet again in future.  They also agree to visit our earth in future.  They express their wishes to enhance the friendly relationship between aliens and people on earth clearly.  Finally, those two friendly aliens want Lily to stay on this planet as a friendship representative from earth after we leave the planet.  Lily can go home with us next time when we come back again or she can return to earth by taking their UFO in future.

65.Earth representative
After know this meeting result, we are happy with many worries.  We are happy because the friendly aliens allow us to use our planet landing ship to rescue those missing persons from earth and leave this planet immediately after rescuing.  We have many worries because the friendly aliens really want to keep Lily on this planet, even for a while.
Since this is a very important issue, the action leader lets the friendly aliens know that we need to discuss this issue first.  Let us meet here tomorrow morning again.  We will let them know our decision.  It seems to us that the friendly aliens understand our situation.  They agree to meet us again tomorrow morning.
After waving good bye to the aliens, we return to our mother spaceship.  On our way to our mother spaceship, we all keep silences.  Nobody says anything about anything.
After entering the big dormitory hall, we see the captain waiting for us.  The action leader tells everything about the meeting with those friendly aliens to the captain.  The captain falls into deep thought.
“It is hard to believe that those aliens really want to keep Lily here.  This is the situation to which we try our best to avoid.  It is up to Lily to decide whether she can stay on this planet for a period of time or not.  This is too much to her.  We cannot give our suggestions.” I break the long silence by saying so.
“We need to persuade Lily but it is not an easy work.  It is hard for any of us to stay on this planet for a period of time alone.  Besides, there is no guarantee at all for the person to return to our earth late.” The captain says with sigh.
“If our mother spaceship can really come back again in about one year, there is a possibility to persuade Lily to stay here for a while.  In this case, we can give a hope to Lily if she really stays on this planet.” Replies the action leader.
“I am sure that we can come back again without any big difficulty.  Let me decide right now.  We will do our best to come back again in about one year.  In this case, the burden to Lily could be not that big.” Says the captain.
“OK, let us try to persuade Lily first.” The action leader leads us towards Lily's room.
When Lily knows that those friendly aliens want to keep her on this planet, she feels surprised, too.  She cannot believe the bad situation happening to her.  She says nothing on her way back.  She enters her room immediately after arriving at our mother spaceship. Mei follows her into the room to try to console her.
The action leader knocks the door first.  After hearing the voice of “coming”, we enter Lily's room.
Inside the room, I can see that Lily sits on the edge of her bed with face being full with tears while Mei keeps on consoling her.
Upon seeing our coming, Lily wipes away tears on her face and indicates us to sit down.
Since we see Lily being very sad, we say nothing.  We sit there silently.  The whole room is filled with silence.
After a long silence, I push the action leader to remind him to say something.
“Lily, we have something to discuss with you.” Says the action leader.  Lily nods her head as a reply.
“You have already known our present situation.  Those friendly aliens like you and want you to stay here for a period of time as our representative from earth.  How about your opinion?” Says the action leader.
“I do not want to stay here. I want to go home with all of you.” Lily replies.
“If you do not stay here for a period of time as our friendship representative, this will annoy those aliens.  In this case, maybe our mother spaceship cannot take off and return to our earth.  In this case, all of us cannot return to our earth.” Replies the action leader.
“Could we find another way to satisfy those aliens?  Do we have to leave Lily to stay here alone?  How about let one of our smart robots be our friendship representative from earth?” Asks Mei.
“It is hard to do so.  You were there, too.  You know the whole story.  Those aliens like Lily and want her to stay here as the representative, not a robot to be the representative.  Those aliens promise us to let Lily go home by taking our next mother spaceship or their UFO.  If we do not satisfy their requirements, we cannot get permissions to rescue those missing persons by using our planet landing ship and fly our mother spaceship home.  In this case, none of us can return to our earth to get more helps.” Replies the action leader.
“If we all leave here, it is too lonely for Lily to stay on this planet alone.” Replies Mei.
Upon hearing Mei's comment, Lily has more tears running down to her face.  We all feel sad and sit silently.
The first trying to persuade Lily ends with failure.  We all leave Lily's room without a word.  We all stay in the big hall.
“Is that possible for one of us to accompany Lily to stay on this planet for one year?  If that is so, there is more possibility for Lily to stay here.” I suggest.
“But who will stay here?  All of us want to return to our earth as soon as possible.  Still, there is a big risk.  It is still possible for us to come back again in one year time.  If that is the case, the person or persons will stay here for a long time, or even forever.” Says Tony.
“That is true.  On the other hand, those friendly aliens just want to keep Lily here, not anyone else.  If we want to find a person to accompany Lily here, we cannot force him or her.  He or she must be an volunteer.” Replies the action leader.  We all fall into deep thinking.
“The captain has already promised to come back again in about one year.  We forgot to tell Lily about this news.  If Lily knows this, she might decide to stay here for a while.” I remind everybody.  We seem to see some hopes. 
“Let me stay here to accompany Lily.” All of a sudden, Sam tells us.  We all watch him with surprised emotions.
“You must consider it very carefully.  You must know that there are still many uncertainties in this case.  The biggest risk is that you might never be able to return to earth.  I must remind you this risk.” Tony tells Sam.
“I have considered it for a long time.  I make my final decision.  Let me stay here to accompany Lily.  I have considered those risks and uncertainties.  From every aspect, we still have a big chance to return to our earth even if we do not go home with all of you.  We have a good relationship with the friendly aliens here.  I am sure that we can survive on this planet with some helps from those friendly aliens.  Two persons here is better than only one.  It is very hard for Lily to stay here alone.” Replies Sam firmly.
“If you really want to stay with Lily here this time, it is nice to Lily, no questions about that.  In this case, it will be easy for us to persuade Lily.” I reply.
“If Sam can stay here to accompany Lily, that is very nice of you.  Lily must feel warmly.  You are not only help Lily, but also help all of us. We must thank you greatly.” Says Mei.
“That is true.  All of us must thank Sam, too.  Sam sacrifices a lot for all of us this time.” Says Tony.
“I have a suggestion.  If Sam can stay here to accompany Lily, we can hold a marriage ceremony for Sam and Lily before we leave here.  In this case, they can live here as a couple, a lovely couple.” I give my suggestion.
“This is a very good idea.  I agree.  We must have a marriage ceremony for them.  After getting married, they can live here as a couple.” The action leader agrees.
“This is a good news to Lily.  Let us go to persuade her again.  I am sure that this time, we will succeed.” Says Mei.  We all follow Mei into Lily’s room again.
Lily still sits at the edge of bed with tears running down.
“Lily, Lily, do not cry.  I have a news for you.” Mei sits beside Lily and consoles her.  Lily nods to indicate that she listens.
“The captain has already made a decision to come here again in about one year time.  We can meet again in one year.” Says Mei.
After hearing this, Lily seems calming down a little bit.
“This is also another good news.  Let Sam tell you.” Tony says.
“I like to stay here with you during this year, Lily.” Says Sam.
Lily raise her head with a big surprise.  
We all know that Sam loves Lily very much.  This time, he knows the difficulty situation for Lily.  He wants to help Lily with heart and soul.
“One more good news to mention.  We plan to have a marriage ceremony for you and Sam before we leave this planet.  You can take care of yourselves as a couple of lovely husband and wife.” The action leader tells Lily.
Lily’s face turns to red after hearing the suggestion from the action leader.  She nods with agreement.  We all know that she is happy to be Sam’s wife.  We are all glad to see her reaction.
Finally, Lily agrees to stay here as our friendly representative from earth accompanying by Sam.  She also wish us to come here again as soon as possible so that she and Sam can return to earth.
Upon seeing this good result, we leave Lily and Sam to report the good news to the captain.
After knowing the result, the captain is very happy.  He also instructs the action leader to let those friendly aliens know that we have two persons to stay here as our friendly representatives from earth.  We hope that they can provide necessary supports to Lily and Sam.
Next morning, we set out to meet those friendly aliens again.  After brief drawing communication, the friendly aliens are very glad to know that Lily and Sam will stay here as our friendly representatives from earth.  The friendly aliens also introduce some general situations about those aliens in another district.  They remind us again that we should not hurt those aliens by using force.  Finally, they wish us success in our rescuing mission.
We report the meeting result to the captain immediately after returning to our mother spaceship.  

66.Rescue missing persons
After Lily and Sam joining us again in the big dormitory hall, the captain represents all of us to thank Lily and Sam very much, for all of their contributions to our mission.  Without their special contributions to us, we cannot go home.  Without their special contributions, we cannot build a friendly shuttle channel between our earth and this planet.  The captain also makes sure that our mother spaceship will come back again in about one year to pick up Lily and Sam to return to earth.
After hearing the praising from the captain, Lily and Sam are also glad to say that they will do their best to build up friendship with the aliens here.  They will wait us to come back again patiently.
With the efforts from all of us, we make a detailed rescue plan later.
Next afternoon, under the leadership of Tony, a small troop of our smart robots march through the forest and reach the river.  Just like last time, before crossing the river, there are some big birds flying out from the top of the small mountain on the opposite side of the river.  Obviously, this is a message sent out by those aliens.  It warns our team not going any further.
Tony leads the team continue their journey without any hesitating.  After crossing the river, they continue marching towards the small mountain.
Almost at the same time, darkness falls onto the ground.  The action leader and I lead another team with some smart robots to board our planet landing ship.  Our planet landing ship takes off secretly and flies towards the resident area of those missing persons along the coast just a little bit above the sea lever with high speed.
Since Tony’s team attracts all the attentions of those aliens, our planet landing ship approaches the resident area successfully without being noticed by those aliens.
After landing, I lead some smart robots running towards the big resident hall to try to find those missing persons.
Immediately entering the big hall, I am uneasy by observing the environment through my infrared glasses.
According to previous information, I expect to see six persons here.  But right now, I can only find three of them.  Three of them are missing.  If I cannot rescue all of them, I cannot return again to rescue the other three.
Under the dim light, those three missing persons are surprised to see me.  Very soon, they feel very happy because they know that we are here to rescue them.  They run towards me and shake my hands warmly.  At this time, I do not need my infrared glasses anymore.
Since time is running out, I cannot talk too much with them.  I ask them where the other three persons are.  We must leave here as soon as possible.
Upon hearing my warning, one person runs out to find the others.
Inside the hall, I ask one smart robot to lead the two missing persons to return to our planet landing ship waiting outside.
Very soon, the person running out to find others leads two missing persons rushing in.
“Where is the last one?” I ask in a hurry.
“I cannot find him.” He replies to me in a hurry.
“We do not know where he is, too.  We chat outside but he is not with us.” One of the two persons tells us.
Since the situation is urgent, I ask another smart robot to lead the two persons to return to our planet landing ship outside.
“We have no time to stay here any longer.  Let us do our last try. If still we cannot find the last missing person, we have to leave without him.  We have to return to our earth without him.” I tell the person.
“Understand.  Let me go out to try again.  I will be back as soon as possible.” The person tells me.
“By the way, what is your name?” I ask him,
“Call me Mr. Chen.” He replies to me.
“Ok, Mr. Chen, I will let one smart robot go out to help you.  Keep this in mind, you have only five minutes.  No matter if you can find him or not, you must rush back in five minutes.” I tell Mr. Chen.
“OK, understand.  I will be back in five minutes whether or not finding the last person.” Mr. Chen replies to me and rushes out with one smart robot.
At this time, there is a voice coming from our wireless communication system.
“What happens there?  What happens there?  We have no time.  Let us go!” The action leader calls me.
“Five more minutes!  Please give me five more minutes!  I will be back in five minutes whether or not finding the last person.” I reply to the action leader.
“OK, last five minutes.  Wish you success!” The action leader replies.
All of a sudden, Mr. Chen rushes into the hall with last person.
I see our smart robot carrying a person coming in.  I have not time to ask more details.  I report to the action leader immediately while I rush towards our planet landing ship with Mr. Chen and the last missing person.
Very soon, our planet landing ship take off with all of us with high speed.
Under the leadership of the action leader, our planet landing ship flies just a little bit above sea level and enters the friendly alien district successfully.  Our planet landing ship enters our mother spaceship and completes the rescue mission successfully.
At this time, Tony receives our message and knows our successful rescuing.  Under the coverage of darkness, their team return to our mother spaceship safely.
Near our mother spaceship, we set up a big tent.  Inside the big tent, there are plenty of foods, water, medicines and other necessary materials for Lily and Sam.  We also leave two smart robots to accompany them.  All of these are for Lily and Sam to live here as convenient as possible.
“Would it be too simple to have a marriage ceremony here for Lily and Sam?  They sacrifice a lot for us.  We should have a big marriage ceremony for them before we leave.” Asks Mei.
“I think so, too.  This marriage ceremony is too simple to them.  It is better for us to have a big one for them.” Replies Tony.
“I know that it is too simple for Lily and Sam.  But under such circumstance, we have no time to prepare a big marriage ceremony for them.  Our mother spaceship needs to take off as soon as possible so that we can avoid the troubles from those aliens in another district. Otherwise, we cannot return to our earth.” I tell everybody.
“I agree.  We have no time to prepare a big ceremony.  I am sure that Lily and Sam can understand this.  We can promise to have another big marriage ceremony when we come back next time.  We can make it up next time, to have huge fantastic marriage ceremony for them.” The action leader replies.  We all agree.
Since the time is short, we have a simple marriage ceremony inside the tent near our mother spaceship.  The captain represents to express our best wishes to Lily and Sam.  We all wish them have a happy marriage and pleasant lives on this planet.  We also let them know that we will have a huge and fantastic marriage ceremony for them as a compensation next time when we come back again.  Lily and Sam wish us a safe trip to earth.
After the simple marriage ceremony, we say good bye to Lily and Sam and return to our mother spaceship.  Five minutes later, our mother spaceship takes off, leaving this planet, entering a “wormhole” nearby and flying towards our milk way.
67.Return earth
When we almost reach our solar system, there are some UFOs blocking our way home suddenly.
Under such circumstance, our mother spaceship has to stop.  There is a deadlock between our mother spaceship and those UFOs.
I feel very uneasy inside the observation room.  I suspect that those UFOs come from those aliens in another district on the planet.  They do not like our rescue action and block our way to our earth.
After one day deadlock, on side retreats.
The deadlock continues for another day without any sign of retreating from any sides.
This morning, the captain and action leader come to our big dormitory hall when we have breakfast.
“As everybody knows the situation, the present situation is not so optimistic.  The deadlock cannot be continued any more.  We must find a way to break the present deadlock.” Says the captain.
“The present situation is not the worst one.  Still, there is no war between us and those UFOs.  We must do our best to avoid the conflict. Those UFOs just block our way.  They do not open fires on us.  That means that there is still a possibility to negotiate the situation out.”  I remind everybody.
“That is true.  We should not open fires first.  Even if we can break the blocking by force, Lily and Sam can never come back.” Replies the captain.
“I agree.  No war is better than having war.  But still, we need to find a way to break this deadlock.  We cannot stay here forever.” Says the action leader.
“I have an idea for us.  Our mother spaceship can go back for about 100 km, then flying down for another 100 km, then flying forward.  We use this way to skip the blocking and avoid conflicts.  Hopefully, those aliens can understand our goodwill.” I suggest.
“Good idea.  Let us try this first.  If those UFOs will not block us again, we can go home.” The captain replies before leaving the observation room.  We all go to the observation room to observe the situation changes.
Under the guidance of the captain, our mother spaceship goes back for about 100 km, flying down for another 100 km, then, flying forward.  Unfortunately, in front of our mother spaceship, the UFOs still block our way.  We are very surprised to see those UFOs again.  The captain enters the observation room.
“It does not work.  Those UFOs still block our way home.  Obviously, this time, those aliens do not want us to return to our earth.  Our rescuing mission must annoy those aliens a lot.  What should we do next?” Asks the captain.
“I think so, too.  Our rescuing mission must make those aliens very angry.  They want to give us a lesson or big trouble.” Replies the action leader.
“The best one to break the deadlock is negotiation.  We cannot use force here.  Besides, even if we use our force to break the blocking, we might not win.” Replies Tony.
“Under such circumstance, maybe our action leader can go out to negotiate with those aliens.  You have experience.” The captain tells the action leader.  The action leader agrees.
“So, what should we do next?” Asks the captain.
“Our action leader can fly out by himself to have a spacewalk near our mother spaceship.  Let us see what is the response from those aliens.  If there is alien to go out, we succeed in the first step because there is a chance to have a face to face communication between the action leader and the alien.” I suggest.
“OK, let us do it.  Let our action leader to have a spacewalk near our mother spaceship.  After a while, the action leader can fly towards those UFOs gradually.  During the whole process, let us observe the responses from those aliens.  If there is alien going out of their UFOs, our first step succeeds.” Replies the captain.
“OK, Let me do some preparations first.  I will fly out very soon.” The action leader tells us and leaves the observation room.
Very soon, we see that the action leader has a spacewalk near our mother spaceship.  After a while, he flies towards those UFOs.
This time, there is no connection between the action leader and our mother spaceship.  He has a absolute free spacewalk.  With the help from the single flying device on his back, the action leader flies closer and closer to the UFOs.  Of course, we can still use our rescue net to rescue the action leader if he is really in trouble.
Not long later, there is an alien flying out of one of the UFOs.  He flies towards our action leader.  Finally, our action leader and the alien meet together in the middle of space.
“Look!  Good news!  The action leader actually meets the alien.  There is a big chance for them to negotiate directly.” Tony yells happily.
“This is a big successful step for us.  No matter what, the spacewalk by our action leader is very useful this time.” Mei yells to us happily.
“I am very happy, too.  We succeed in the first step.” I yell to everybody happily, too.
In the middle of space, the action leader takes out a drawing board to start drawing communication with the alien.  After a long period of time, the action leader flies towards our mother spaceship while the alien flies towards the UFOs.
We all wait anxiously in the observation room for the action leader's coming back.
“As we suspect, our rescuing mission of those missing persons makes those aliens very angry.” As soon as entering the observation room, the action leader tells us anxiously.
“What did you tell them?” Asks the captain.
“I apologized to them first.” Replies the action leader in a hurry.
“That is good!  That is good!  What happened next?” Asks Tony in a hurry.
“Next, the alien asked me to hand those missing persons over to them again.  After that, they could let us go home.” The action leader answers.
“What is your answer?” Asks Mei.
“I told him that it was nature for us to return to earth.  They should not block our way home.  That alien made me understand that those missing persons killed some aliens and they should not be allowed to return to earth.” Replies the action leader.
“Good answer!  Good answer!” Tony tells everybody.
“I made the alien understand that those missing person had already be away from earth for more than twenty years.  This punishment was long enough for those missing persons.  They should not stop those missing persons from returning to earth.  I also made the alien understand that if they needed some compensations, they could ask us.  We would do our best to meet their requirements.  I also made the alien understand that if there was a war between us and them here, it could be a catastrophe to the future relationship between us and the aliens.  For the future to us and them, they should not block us going home.” Replies the action leader.
“This is very good.  What was his response?” I ask in a hurry.
“After getting my message, the aliens made me understand that he would discuss this issue with other aliens inside the UFOs.  We will meet again to have the second negotiation in the middle of space tomorrow.” Replies the action leader.
“This meeting result is excellent.  If you meet the alien again tomorrow, there could be a very good result.” The captain is very satisfied with this meeting.
Next day, our action leader has another spacewalk towards those blocking UFOs.  He waits there for the alien coming.
Very soon, the alien flies out of an UFO and towards the action leader to have the second negotiation in the middle of space.
After a long communication, the action leader flies back to our mother spaceship and the alien flies towards his UFOs.
As soon as entering the observation room, the action leader smiles to us.  We all know that the second space meeting gives us good result.
“Come here!  Come here!  Tell us all about the meeting.  You are so happy.  There must be some good results.” Asks Tony in a hurry.
“Be patient.  Sit down and tell us slowly.” I say with smile.
“General speaking, those aliens agreed our consideration.  They will let us go home very soon.” Replies the action leader.
After the detail description, we know that those aliens will disband the UFO blocking line and let our mother spaceship return to earth.  They also want us hand a smart robot over to them.  Maybe they want to do some studies on the smart robot.  They also want to have warm welcome when they visit our earth.  Next time when we return to the planet, we should visit them in addition to visit those friendly aliens.  They want to establish friendly relationship with us, too.
“Did you agree all of their requirements?” Asks Mei in a hurry.
“I did.  Since our main problem had been solved, I promised them all of the requirements.” The action leader answers.
“It is unfair to our smart robot.  If we give them a smart robot, those aliens will disassemble it and destroy it.  It is unfair to the smart robot.” Mei replies unhappily.
“I can understand your feeling.  We have emotion attachments to our smart robots.  If we give one smart robot to those aliens, they will disassemble it.  It will hurt our feelings.  But still, it is better for us to keep one robot here than one nature person here.”The captain says.
“I agree.  This was what I thought during the meeting with the alien.  If we did not meet their requirements, we could not allow us to return earth.  We must check the balance and get the bigger one.” Answers the action leader.
“Ok, I agree.  We must protect the most important thing first.  This time, let us deliver one smart robot to those aliens in order to go home safely.  It is lucky that we can solve this crisis in this way.” The captain makes the final decision.
“I have promise those aliens that tomorrow, we will deliver one smart robot to them.  After receiving our smart robot, they will disband the UFOs blocking line and let our mother spaceship pass, returning to our earth.” Says the action leader.
Next morning, after delivering one robot to those aliens, the UFOs leave.  Our mother spaceship flies towards our earth in high speed.  Finally, our mother spaceship lands on earth.
“Let everybody go home first.  We will check our mother spaceship. After making another mission plan, I will contact everybody to come here again for returning to the planet to meet Lily and Sam.” Before saying good bye to each other, the captain tells everybody.
The shuttle bus sends everybody to everybody's home.  After returning to my working place, I share my experience of the space exploration with my colleagues with pleasure.  My colleagues all like my story.
