Endless Miles in Universe (Book Eight)
Author: cklau818
Copy Right

Brief Description
This is a scientific fiction.
In this friction, a scientific exploring team explores universe and meets many interesting events.
This fiction is suitable for all ages of readers.

Content:

68.Setup friendly channel
69,Space exploration again
70.Space monster
71.Star blow up
72.Celestial body collision
73.Space migration area
74.Coast earthquake
75.Heavy rain
76.Amphibious monster
77.Fall into big hole
78.Jump into sea to escape
79.Intermittent hot spring
80.Encounter volcano
81.Lake split
82.Seabed exploration
83.Seabed world
84.Return earth again
85.Start space migration


68.Setup friendly channel
Next year, I receive an invitation letter to participant another space exploration of the sky light solar system.  After the exploration, we will return to our earth with Lily and Sam.
I am very glad to meet Tony and Mei again in the space research center.  The captain and the action leader give us a warm welcome in the big dormitory hall inside the mother spaceship.  We are all good friends after the first space exploration mission.  After the welcome party, I retreat to my room to have a good sleep.
Next morning after breakfast, we go to the observation room to observe our mother spaceship taking off.
Everything inside our mother spaceship is still that familiar to me.  The blue earth is still that blue, that beautiful.  Mars and Jupiter are still as attractive as before.  At this time, human beings have already built migration areas and holiday centers on moon and Mars.  There are all kinds of touring programs in our solar system.
During our way leaving our solar system, we can see all kinds of shuttle buses traveling among all planets to implement all kinds of tasks.
“Time goes fast.  Ever since last space exploration, one year has already passed.  During this year, there are so many achievements of touring and migration inside our solar system.” I say.
“That is true.  During past year, we do not know what happened to Lily and Sam?  I had a dream last night.  In my dream, I met Lily and Sam standing outside of their tent, looking for us to come.” Says Mei.
“Yes, in the past year, I often had dreams about Lily and Sam.  Maybe, their have their own baby.” Replies Tony.
“It is possible.  Maybe they have real space baby.  This is a good news to all of us.  Maybe this time, we will meet three persons instead of two persons.” I tell everybody.
Our mother spaceship leaves our solar system, our milk way, entering a “wormhole”, leaving the “wormhole”, entering sky light solar system successfully.
This time, as soon as our mother spaceship enters the sky light solar system, there are three UFOs leading us to land on the planet instead of intercepting us.
Finally, our mother spaceship lands on the small hill successfully.
On the ground with tent originally, there is no tent anymore.  Instead, there is a wooden house.
In front of the wooden house, Lily waves to us happily while holding a baby.  Behind Lily, Sam and the two friendly aliens wave to us happily, too.
We run towards Lily, Sam and the two friendly aliens.  We shake hands with each other warmly.  The action leader takes our two big pictures of big birds on earth and hands them towards the two friendly aliens as gifts.  The aliens accept the gifts happily.  The aliens understand our reunion enthusiasm and leave us soon so that we can talk about the old days.
We enter the wooden house with Lily and Sam.  This is a very bright house.  There are big windows on four walls.  Sun shine can make the room brightly.  There are covers for all windows.  When it is necessary, all wooden covers can cover all the windows.  
According to Lily's brief introduction, we know something about the situation on this planet.
In this house, there is no other alien to come to disturb Lily and Sam usually.  Sometimes, the two friendly aliens pay a visit to Lily and Sam.  There is a small stream running at back of the wooden house.  This small stream is guided to the wooden house on purpose by those aliens so that Lily and Sam can work on the farm on their spare time. 
“It is amazing to see that you have space baby.  This is a good news.  Congratulations to both of you, Lily and Sam.” Mei makes jokes and we all laugh happily.
After chatting for a while, the action leader asks Lily when she wants to move into our mother spaceship to live.  Lily tells us with sigh that she really does not want to leave this wooden house because she is used to the life here.  We all laugh at her and suspect that she does not want to return to our earth, too.
We all have our dinner in our big dormitory hall in our mother spaceship.  We are all happy to know that Lily and Sam live happily on this planet.
After dinner, Lily family return to their wooden house.
Next morning after breakfast, the action leader, Mei, Tony and I go to Lily's wooden house.  We wish to meet those two friendly aliens if they happen to visit Lily and Sam.  We need to discuss with those friendly aliens about starting touring projects between earth and this planet.
Not too long later, the two friendly aliens visit Lily family.  We meet them happily.
After shaking hands, the action leader starts to have drawing communication with the two friendly aliens.
The action leader invites the aliens to visit our earth first.  The two friendly aliens accept the invitation happily.  They also invite people from earth to visit this planet.  The action leader accepts the invitation happily.  He also tries to understand some points for attention while visiting this planet.
After more drawing communication, we understand that on this planet, the first thing is not hurting any aliens here.  The second thing is not destroy the natural environment on this planet. The action leader also makes them to understand that those two points are also critical while visiting our earth.  If they meet any difficulties while visiting our earth, we could be their tour guides.  The action leader also makes them to understand that we need two of them being our guides when we are in need on this planet.  The two friendly aliens accept our suggestion happily.
In the evening, we return to our mother spaceship.  The captain waits us in the big hall.  After hearing our reports, he is very happy.
“Since everybody is here, let us make a plan for our future actions.” The captain says.
“This time, we need to visit those aliens in other districts.  This is part of our agreement with those aliens made last time in the middle of space.  We cannot break our promises to those aliens.” The action leader reminds us.
“That is true.  Let us cross that small mountain to meet those aliens in another district tomorrow morning.” I give my suggestion.
“Ok, tomorrow morning, all of you can go out to visit those aliens in another area.  We need to establish good relationship with those aliens in another area.  We can also have an exploration of that area after getting their permission.” The captain agrees.
Next morning after breakfast, the action leader leads us with six smart robots and three robot tigers, crossing the forest, crossing the river, climbing the small mountain to visit the aliens in another district.  This time, there is no need for us to hide ourselves during our trip.  Mei also participants this mission.
All the way towards another district, we laugh and chat, just like going out for a countryside visiting.
“This time, we should invite Lily family going out with us to have fun.” Mei tells us happily while enjoying views.
“Yes, we should let Lily family with us this time.  We forget this.” I agree.
“Maybe she needs to take care of her baby.  It is not convenient to go out with us this time.” Replies Tony.  We all agree to his analysis.
After passing the forest, we arrive at the river.  We plan to camp there at night and cross the river next morning.
Under the sky with so many stars, I have a wonderful sleep.  With the helps from our robot tigers, we cross the river easily after breakfast.
After a short preparation, we continue our journey towards the small mountain.  Not long later, we reach the top of the small mountain.
Looking from the top of the small mountain, we can still see those houses where those missing persons lived before.
“What should we do next?  Stay here waiting for those aliens? Or, going down to search for those aliens?” I ask.
“Let us go down to search for aliens.  This time, we are here to establish friendly relationship with those aliens, not coming here to steal something.  We can go wherever we want, no need to hide ourselves.” Replies the action leader happily.  We all laugh.
Under the leadership of the action leader, we arrive at the missing persons house.  We plan to camp there.
There are nothings special happening this night.  Next morning, there are two aliens coming to visit us.  Upon seeing their coming, the action leader walks quickly to receive them.  He also takes a picture of big bird on earth with him as a gift.  The two aliens walk quickly towards the action leader and finally, they meet and sit on the ground to start drawing communication.
Upon seeing this situation, we all walk towards the meeting place and sit around the action leader to observe their drawing communication.
Right now, the action leader becomes the expert in drawing communication with aliens.  With his great efforts, we make a friendly deal with those aliens in another district.  After this agreement, we make a deal with those aliens in the third district later.
After drawing communication, the action leader offers our gifts and more pictures of big birds on earth to those two aliens.  We also accept their gold gifts.
After waving good bye to each other, we camp in the same place for another night.
Next day, we return to our mother spaceship.  The action leader reports to the captain immediately.
“This time, we have had a big success result.  We have friendly agreements with aliens in all three districts.  We prepare to return to our earth soon.  Lily, will you go home with us this time?  Or, you can still stay on this planet for a while until next time when we come back.” This morning, the action leader asks Lily when visiting the wooden house.
“Tell you the truth, I start to love the quiet life on this planet.  If you ask me to abandon all things on this planet all of a sudden, I really do not want to give them up.” Replies Lily.
“Yes, I agree.  Life on this planet is very quiet.  Without the disturbance from other aliens, you have a wonderful countryside life on this planet.  I would feel sorry to give everything up here if I were you.” Says Tony with smile.
“I wish that the shuttle spaceship will be available next year.  At that time, everybody on earth can come here to spend their holidays.” Says the action leader.
“Let us return earth with all of you this time.  When we have chances in future, we can visit here again.  Before leaving here, we should say good bye to those two friendly aliens.” Lily says.
“Of course, we must say good bye to those friendly aliens.” Replies the action leader.
Next morning, when the two friendly aliens visit Lily family, Lily let them know her decision.  Those two friendly aliens understand the situation and welcome Lily coming back again to visit them.  Lily accepts their invitations.
After the aliens leave, Lily family move onto our mother spaceship.  Our mother spaceship is ready for taking off tomorrow.
Next morning after taking off, our mother spaceship is escorted by three friendly UFOs.  Our mother spaceship cruises above ground slowly so that we can have a good view of the landscapes on the surface of the planet.  Generally, this planet is very similar to our earth.  There are mountains, lakes, rivers, seas and so on.  There are not so many aliens on this planet. The population density is low.  The distance between the planet and the sky light solar system is almost the same distance between our earth and our sun.
After rotating the planet for a circle, our mother spaceship swings three times to say thanks to the UFOs.  The UFOs swing back three times to say good bye to us and then, the UFOs leave our mother spaceship.  Our mother spaceship leaves the planet, entering a “wormhole”, flying towards our milk way with very high speed.
This morning, Lily and Sam are surprised as soon as entering the big dormitory hall.  There is a big party especially for them.
According to Mei’s suggestion, we hold a big luxury party to thank Lily and Mei for their sacrifice for our returning earth.  This big party is also a compensation to that simple marriage ceremony last time.
“Happy anniversary of marriage!” Mei gives her congratulation to Lily as soon as Lily enters the big hall.
“Happy anniversary!”, “Happy anniversary!”  We all present our congratulations.  Lily and Sam are very happy.
“Congratulations to both of you.” The captain walks towards Lily and Sam.
“Thank you all!  Thank you all!” Lily and Sam reply with great pleasure.
“We all thank both of you for your sacrifice for us last time.  Without your sacrifice, we had less chance to return earth last time.” I thank Lily and Sam with pleasure.
“I agree.  Without their sacrifice, it was hard for us to return earth last time.  We all own Lily and Sam a lot.” Says the action leader with pleasure.
“I wish both of you happy marriage forever.” Tony gives his wish happily.
“Lily and Sam have been on the planet for a year.  Maybe they cannot feel comfortable living in our mother spaceship now.” Mei makes a joke.
“It could be true.  One year countryside life on the planet is totally different from the life in our mother spaceship.  It takes time for Lily and Sam to adapt themselves to the new environment.” I reply.
“It is true that I love the countryside life here.  I need something to make myself adapting the new life in this spaceship.” Lily replies with smile.
“Tell us your wonderful countryside life on this planet.  We are all interested in it.” Mei requires.
“Ok, if you are so interested in my countryside life here, let me tell you.” Lily replies happily.
After our mother spaceship left the planet, Lily and Sam felt very uneasy and got lost.  Both of them worried about the future lives on this planet.  They also worried about not being able to return to earth.
Upon seeing our mother spaceship disappeared from sky, Lily's tear ran down.  Sam helped Lily entering the tent.  Two of them sit inside the tent without a word.
All of a sudden, they heard a sound coming from outside.  Lily and Sam looked at each other nervously.  They stood up and walked out of the tent.  They found the two friendly aliens standing outside and smiled to them.  The two friendly aliens pointed to a pile of fruits nearby and waved good bye to Lily and Sam and left.
While watching the pile of fruits, Lily and Sam smiled to each other.  It was lonely on this planet but the gestures from the two friendly aliens warmed their hearts.
Since then, Lily and Sam started to have their own countryside lives on this planet and their own family.
In the earlier days, Lily and Sam always looked at distant sky for our mother spaceship.  Gradually, they used to the countryside lives on the planet and settled down in daily life.
One morning after waking up, there was a sound coming from outside of the tent.  Lily and Sam knew that the two friendly aliens came to visit them.
They walked out and found that the two friendly aliens led a group of aliens building a wooden house nearby.
Lily and Sam returned to their tent to get some fruits out for those aliens.  Those aliens waved to them friendly.  Just before noon, a wooden house was built.  The aliens left them after eating some fruits.
Since then, Lily and Sam moved into the wooden house.  After a period of time, they had their baby.
Since there was plenty of spare time to spend, Sam planted near the wooden house.  The two friendly aliens found that Sam liked to plant. They gave Sam more fruit seeds.  Sam's garden became bigger and bigger.  During this period of time, the two friendly aliens guided small stream around the wooden house so that Lily and Sam could have water for their daily life and the gardening easily.
After life stabilized on this planet, the two friendly aliens brought a huge turtle to Lily and Sam one day.  This huge turtle could be a kind of transportation method.
The turtle was about one meter width, one meter height and two meters length.  The aliens built a special tent for the turtle behind the wooden house.
Not far from the wooden house, there was an open market.  Sometimes, Lily family visited the open market by sitting on the back of the huge turtle.
In the open market, the aliens were very friendly to Lily family. They often gave fruits to Lily family.  Sometime, Lily family brought their own fruits to the open market and gave them to those friendly aliens.
Once, Lily family visited the resident area of those missing persons by riding the huge turtle.  They had picnics and camped along the way.  Usually, they visited anywhere without the smart robots.  The smart robots did gardening work usually.
“We did not see the turtle this time.  Do you hide it somewhere else?” Asks Mei curiously.
“Of course you did not see it.  Before you came, I had returned the turtle to the two friendly aliens.  We do not need it any more.  Usually, the turtle can live on those fruits in our garden.” Lily replies with smile.
“One more thing.  Your wooden house is very similar to the house on our earth.  Did those aliens make a copy of house on earth?” Mei asks again curiously.
“That is true.  Our wooden house is very similar to the house on earth. Usually, I would draw houses on earth when we had drawing communication. Maybe that is why those aliens built a wooden house just like a one on earth.” Replies Lily.
“You really had a wonderful countryside life on the planet.  I like that life, too.  I should have stayed there as a friendly representative from our earth.” Tony makes a joke.  We all laugh.
“That is true.  Living on this planet was not as difficult as we thought. Most of all, those aliens were very friendly.  They could help you, never making troubles to you.” Replies Sam.
“The main reason was that we had already established friendship with those aliens before we left.  Otherwise, the situation could be totally different.  If we do not have a good relationship with those aliens, the situation could be as bad as those missing persons.” I say.
“I agree. It is very important to have good relationship with those aliens first.  Otherwise, we cannot live here happily.  If there are always wars, we cannot love this planet, too.” Lily replies with pleasure.
“We have sit here for a long time.  Let us have a space dance to have fun.” I suggest.
“That is good.  We are so success almost in every aspect.  Let us dance.” Mei agrees first.
Inside the big hall, the music starts.  I dance with Mei and Tony dances with Lily.  The others listen to the music and watch our dancing.
One music after another, we dance with Mei and Lily in turns.  This makes them feel very tired.
“Let us start space dance now.  Let us get rid of the simulated gravity and fly in the middle of air.” Suggests Tony.
“OK, let us dance in the air.” Mei agrees first.
After taking off our special uniforms, we fly in the big hall with the helps from two mini-propellers on everybody's two arms.  We start to have space dance.
Sometimes, we dance as a team like a big bird.  Sometimes, we have individual space dance.  We collide with each other in the middle of big hall.  We chase each other.  We all have a lot of fun.
“I have a lot of fun.  Thank you all for having a big party for us.” Lily tells us happily when she has a rest.
“It is our pleasure to throw a big party for you and Sam for your sacrificing to all of us.  This is our ways to say thanks to both of you.” The captain replies happily.
“I am happy while I see all of you being happy.” The action leader tells us with pleasure.
The party ends up with all of us having a lot of fun.
Our mother spaceship enters milk way and flies towards our solar system with very high speed.  Very soon, we reach the edge of solar system.
This morning, when I turn on the big screen TV on the wall, a news attracts my attention.
According to the news, there is a big space monster moving around our solar system.  The monster looks like a big octopus.  It chases our space shuttle spaceship.  The control center on earth investigates this monster.  At the same time, the control center informs every spaceship reporting the event whenever coming across the monster.
When everybody comes for breakfast, I tell them the space monster news inside our solar system.  All are surprised to hear that.
“A super huge space monster?  In universe? It is hard to believe.  Never happened before.  How could a big monster appear in universe? It is amazing.” Sam shakes his head while saying.
“It is unbelievable.  Never hearing that before.” I reply.
“But it is on news from earth.  It must be true.  No mater what, we have to assume that it is a true story.” Mei tells us.
“If it is true, our solar system will never be safe again.  This big space monster will give us a lot of troubles.  Next time when we go out to visit those friendly aliens, it will not be that easy anymore.” Lily replies.
Not long after entering our solar system, I can feel that all of our laser cannons opening fires at the same time.  I run out of my room towards the observation room.  Very soon, Tony, Sam and Mei come.  Lily stays with her baby in her room.
I can see the surrounding of our mother spaceship being surrounded by bright flashing.  After a while, all the laser cannons stop firing.
The captain enters the observation room.
“It is hard to believe that there is a space monster in our solar system. It attached us and we defeated it.  Thanks to our powerful self-defense system. It is an amazing story.” Says the captain.
“In vast universe, there is a space monster.  That is amazing.  We heard the news before.  We just did not believe it.” Replies Tony with big surprise.
“Yes, it is amazing.  We have never heard or come across any so called space monster.  We do not know where the space monster comes from.  We do not know what causes the creation of the space monster.  It is even more amazing that our detecting systems cannot detect it.  Maybe it also has the invisible capability.” Replies the captain.
“That is terrible.  If we cannot detect it by our detecting systems in our mother spaceship, that means that we can only see it when it is very close to us.” I say.
“Thanks to our self-defense system.  Our self-defense system can start itself automatically if anything is too close to our mother spaceship.” Replies the captain.
“This time we could defeat the space monster, our self-defense system played the major role.” I say.
“That is true.  So, our self-defense system is always on.  Otherwise, we will be in big trouble.” Says Tony with sigh.
“You can say that.  This time, there is no damage to our mother spaceship.” Replies the captain.
After coming across the space monster, our mother spaceship lands on earth safely.
The captain reports the incident to the control center on earth immediately after landing.
Under the arrangement of the universe research center, I return to my working place to start my new work and life on earth.
69,Space exploration again
One day, I receive an invitation letter again to report to the universe research center to participant in the management of migration plan to the planet with friendly aliens.  In the universe research center, I meet Lily, Mei, Tony, Sam, the action leader and the captain again.
“How are you, my old friends.  We meet again.  We are lucky to have another space mission again.” In the big dormitory hall, the captain tells us happily.
We all say hello to the captain and the action leader.
“This time, our space mission is to prepare to implement the migration plan to the friendly alien planet.  This is a very important mission for our human beings.” Says the captain.
“Since all of you had experiences dealing with those aliens on that planet, we recall all of you to participant in this space mission.  Hopefully, all of you will contribute a lot to our preparation of space migration in future.” Says the action leader.
“There should be no big difficulties for all of us this time.  We have already established friendship with those aliens on that planet. As long as we can keep this friendship, we can implement our migration plan in future.” I reply.
“I agree.  Last time when some aliens visited our earth, I was an interpreter and tour guide for them.  We have a very good relationship with those aliens.” Replies Lily.
“That is true.  Last time when they visited our earth, I was involved in receiving them.  I discussed with them about migration from earth.  They welcomed the idea.  They just reminded me to migrate not too many people from our earth.  They worried about too many people from earth bringing them burdens to the environment on the planet.  It is understandable.” Says the action leader.
“This time, our task is to do some preparation works for small scale migration from earth.  We have another task, too.  We need to find a suitable orbit around the sky light solar system so that it could be the new orbit if our earth migrates to the new solar system.” Says the captain.
“Do you really think that there is a possibility to move our earth into another solar system?  Do we have to do that?” I ask in a hurry.
“Not now.  But in the future, there is a possibility.  We all know that sun will expand itself in its last stage.  At that time, it will swallow our earth during its expanding.  Just in case, we need to find another orbit in another solar system for our earth in order to save the whole human beings.” Replies the captain.
“Understand.  Those aliens will not allow us to have massive migration from earth.  In order to migrate the whole human beings to another solar system, we have to move our earth to the new solar system.” I reply.
After the meeting, we return to our own individual room to sleep.
Next morning after breakfast, we go to the observation room.
Our mother spaceship takes off and flies towards the edge of our solar system with high speed.
Suddenly, the self-defense system on our mother spaceship opens fires.  We all know that we must come across space monsters.  After a period of time, the self-defense system stops.
Our mother spaceship flies towards the center of milk way with high speed.
“We met the space monsters, the huge octopuses, again. This time, there were three monsters attaching our mother spaceship at the same time.  Thanks to our self-defense system, we defeated the attaching.” The captain tells us after entering the observation room with the action leader.
“Three space monsters this time?  It is hard to believe.” Lily says in a hurry.
“Yes, three space monsters.  We do not know where they come from.  We do not know if there are even more.  We just do not know anything about those space monsters.” Replies the action leader.
“As far as I know, those space monsters have something to do with a space research center orbiting our earth.” Says the captain.
“So, those big monsters have something to do with our activities in space. If we do not have a strict process control in our space activities, we will create big problems.  This is a huge lessen for us to learn.” I say.
“I agree.  I learnt something from the manager of the space laboratory.  There was a scientist who had a space experiment in space laboratory by using some octopuses.  The scientist might put an octopus in a garbage bag.  The octopus escaped into space.  Finally, for some reasons, the escaped octopus became a huge space monster.” Says the captain.
“One more thing.  Those space monsters are invisible to all of our detecting systems.  The feature could give us a lot of trouble.” Says the action leader.
“Thanks to our self-defense system.  We can defense ourselves even if those space monsters cannot be detected by our detecting systems.” I say with confidence.
“This time, three space monsters attacked us at the same time.  This is a new situation.  According to previous reports, usually, there was only one space monster to launch attack.” Replies the captain.
“From this attacking, it seems to me that those monsters can coordinate themselves to attack us.” Says the action leader.
“Really?  In this case, they are very smart. It is hard to deal with.” Says Tony.
“It is true.  They are smart.  When I saw them, they were in front of our mother spaceship.  Very soon, they attacked us at the same time from three different directions, from left, front and right three directions. They could coordinate their actions in their attacking.” Replies the action leader.
“It will be a tough problem for us in our future space missions.  The space is not safe anymore.” Says Mei.
“Could you imagine what they did when they failed to attack us in three directions?” Asks the action leader.
“They could attack us focusing on one direction.” Answers Lily.
“That was one way.  They also attacked us from top, bottom and back three directions at the same time.  They changed their attacking pattern several times.  It is hard to believe in this.” Replies the action leader.
“No matter what attacking pattern they did, our self-defense system can protect our mother spaceship in all directions.” Says Sam with confidence.
“I agree.  I have full confidence on our self-defense system.  We can sleep without any anxiety.” Replies the captain.
“But still, those space monsters are big trouble makers in universe.  It will affect our space missions very negatively.  We need to find a way to get rid of them.” Says Mei.
“That is true.  Those space monsters are powerful, invisible to our detecting systems, smart.  They are a big trouble makes in universe.  Fortunately, their activity area is still near the edge of our solar system. After leaving our solar system, we will not be troubled by those space monsters.” I tell everybody.
“Their activity scope is near the edge of our solar system now.  But in future, it is hard to say.  If those space monsters move anywhere within our solar system or universe, they could cause big troubles to our space explorations.” Says Tony.
After returning to our big dormitory hall, we still chat about the space monsters while having lunch.
“At least, there are three space monsters in our solar system.  Maybe in the future, there could be even more. They will give our space activities a lot of troubles.” Says Mei with sigh.
“That it true.  I just want to ask if those space monsters can follow us to deep space.” Asks Sam.
“It is hard to say.  Since those space monsters are invisible to our detecting system, we just do not know where they are until we can actually see them.  But according to the present situation, those space monsters just move around near the edge of our solar system.  It could be a good news to us now.” Answers Tony.
“What do you mean?” Asks Mei.
“If they move around in deep space, they can follow us to disturb our missions.” Replies Tony.  We all agree.
70.Space monster
All of a sudden, our mother spaceship stops.  We all feel strange and run towards the observation room to observe the situation.
After entering the observation room, I can see that three space monsters block our way.
“The trouble comes earlier.  What should we do next?  We cannot stay here forever.” The captain says after entering the observation room.  We all fall into deep thinking.
“Let us fly back first and then fly forward.  We can use this way to see if we can get rid of those space monsters.” Suggests Sam.
“We can try this way to go around.  But I am sure that those space monsters will follow again.” Replies the captain.
“If they still follow us, we can go through by force.” I say.
“OK, let us try.” The captain says before leaving the observation room and returning to the master control center.
Very soon, our mother spaceship retreats backwards slowly.  Those three space monsters follow us from front, left and right three directions.  Our mother spaceship moves downwards for about 50 km, those space monsters follow us downwards for about 50 km.  We just cannot get rid of them.
All of sudden, our mother spaceship is surrounded by fire balls because all the laser cannons open fires. Our mother spaceship moves towards the space monster in front like a big fire monster.  Upon seeing the situation, those space monsters move away quickly to avoid being hurt.  Since we do not want to collide with those space monsters, our mother spaceship cannot move with high speed.  After one day fighting, our mother spaceship stops.  Those three space monsters still stay not too far away from us.  In this way, our mother spaceship cannot fly a long distance.
When we have dinner in our big dormitory hall, the captain comes to discuss methods with us.
“According to present situation, it is hard for our mother spaceship to fly away with high speed because we do not want to have collisions with those space monsters to damage our mother spaceship.  This is the key problem.” Says Sam.
“Yes, if our mother spaceship flies with high speed, those space monsters cannot avoid us properly.  In this case, our mother spaceship will collide with those space monsters.  It will hurt our mother spaceship if there is collision.  But if our mother spaceship flies in this slow speed, we can never reach the sky light solar system to meet those friendly aliens.” Replies the captain.
“Is there any weakness of the space monster?  If we can find any weakness of them, maybe we can attack their weakness and find a way out.” I say.
“This is the present situation.  Our mother spaceship is afraid of collisions with those space monsters.  Those monsters are afraid of being hurt by our laser cannon.  So, they just block our way in a far distance.  We can move forward but not with a high speed.  If we can find their weaknesses, we can defeat them and fly away with very high speed.” Says the captain.
“How about their eyes?” Asks Lily suddenly.
“According to our observation, they have eyes.” The action leader answers.
“If so, we can focus our fires on their eyes.  As long as we can hurt their eyes, they will escape from us.” I suggest.
“We can try this.  But they are in a distance from us, how could we attack their eyes?” Says the captain.
“We can do it in this way.  I can command our planet landing ship to approach those space monsters gradually.  After approaching them, we can launch heavy attacks on their eyes.  During the fighting, our mother spaceship can break the blocking and fly away with high speed.  After one day high speed flying, our mother spaceship can stay in that area and wait for our planet landing ship coming.” Suggests the action leader.
“This is a good method. Let us do it in this way.  Do not spend too much to fight with space monsters when you command our planet landing ship.  Be careful not to collide with those space monsters.  Otherwise, our planet landing ship will be destroyed and people will be killed.” Replies the captain.
“I will keep that in my mind.” Replies the action leader.
We all have a good sleep this night so that we can handle the tough tasks tomorrow.
Next morning after breakfast, we all go to the observation room to say good bye to the team led by the action leader.  They will command our planet landing ship to fight with those space monsters so that our mother spaceship can break through the blocking.
We see that our planet landing ship leaves our mother spaceship slowly and moves towards those space monsters in distance.  Upon seeing our planet landing ship coming out, those space monsters are alert and prepare to fight.
All of sudden, our planet landing ship flies towards the space monster in front with high speed.  At the same time, all the high energy laser cannons open fires on the eyes of the space monster. The space monster waves its claws to defense itself.  Our planet landing ship flies above the head of the space monster quickly.  After being attacked, the monster moves away to avoid the attacking from our planet landing ship.  Upon seeing the situation, the other two space monsters move towards the space monster being attacked to help it.  At this time, our mother spaceship flies through the blocking with high speed and leaves the space monsters and our planet landing ship behind.
After flying towards sky light solar system with very high speed for a whole day, our mother spaceship stops and waits for our planet landing ship to come.
One more day passes, there is no message from our planet landing ship.  After another day passes, there is still no message from our planet landing ship.  We all worry about our planet landing ship.
This morning, the captain enters the big dormitory hall and tells us happily, “Good news.  We have received the message from our planet landing ship.  She has already broken the monster blocking and is flying towards us to join us.”
“It is a very good news.  Thanks to all.  They are finally on their way to join us.” Lily replies happily.  We are all happy to hear the good news.
After one more day, our planet landing ship joins our mother spaceship.
In our big dormitory hall, we all are there to welcome the coming of the action leader and his team.
“How are you everybody?  It is my pleasure to meet everybody again.” As soon as entering the big hall, the action leader yells to us happily.
We let him sit down ask him to tell us every details of the fighting.
After our mother spaceship broke through the blocking, those three space monsters launched heavy attacking on our planet landing ship.  Since our planet landing ship could fly and make turns very quickly, those three space monsters could not surround it effectively.  After two days heavy fighting, those space monsters were tired.  Finally, our planet landing ship found a chance to get rid of those space monsters and reached the meeting place to join us safely.
After hearing the report from the action leader, we all praise him for his brave and smart actions.
71.Star blow up
This afternoon, everybody operates a computer to control a deep space telescope to observe deep space.  All of a sudden, I see a big flashing which occupies the whole view of my telescope.
“Bad news.  My telescope is out of order.” Tony yells to us.
“Something is wrong with my telescope, too.  I can see nothing.” I yell to everybody.
We all run towards the transparent roof and see that there is a big bright area.  At the same time, we can feel that our mother spaceship makes a 180 degree turn and flies with very high speed.
That bright area becomes bigger and bigger. Our mother spaceship flies away from the area with almost light speed.  After a long period of time, our mother spaceship makes another 90 degree turn.
The captain enters the big dormitory hall.
“We just escaped a disaster. Thanks to our quick action.” Says the captain.
“What disaster? Why did we escape from it with high speed?” Asks Lily.
“There is a star blowing up in our original direction.  The blowing energy emitted towards all directions. Those destructive energy could destroy our mother spaceship.  We have to escape with very high speed in order to avoid a disaster.” Replies the captain.
“Really?  Is the energy so powerful to destroy our mother spaceship?  It is amazing.” Asks Mei curiously.
“That is true.  Those high energy particles could destroy our smart guiding system and other detective systems.” Replies Sam.
“Those high energy particles could also kill our human beings and any other living creatures.” Replies Tony.
“If that is so, we were lucky to avoid the disaster.” Lily says with sigh.
“We can say it in this way.  There are many risks in space.  If we do not pay extra attentions on them, our space exploring mission will be in big trouble.” The captain tells us before leaving the big hall.
The next morning after breakfast, we go to the observation room.
72.Celestial body collision
“Look!  There are two celestial bodies going to be collided.  If that is so, we can witness some astronomical wonders.” Lily tells us in the observation room.
“That is wonderful.  The two celestial bodies are as large as our moon. The collision must be very exciting.” Replies Mei.
“It seems to me that it will take another 24 hours to happen.” Says Tony.
“Let our mother spaceship stay here for another 24 hours so that we can witness the astronomical wonders.  I do not want to miss it.” Suggests Sam and we all agree.
When the captain enters the observation room, we tell him our suggestions.
“Ok, I agree. Our mother spaceship will cruise nearby for another 24 hours so that we can witness the collision.  I do not want to miss this opportunity, too.” Agrees the captain.
“We have never seen two celestial bodies as big as our moon to collide with each other.  The collision must be very strong.  I am looking forward to seeing this.” I say.
“Me, too.  This big collision must be an astronomical wonder.  We are lucky to have the opportunity to witness this.” Says Mei.
“Let us go to have a rest first since there are still plenty of spare time to kill.  We can come here at the same time tomorrow.” Lily suggests.  We all return to our dormitory big hall.
At the same time next day, we are in the observation room again.
“Look! The collision almost happens.  It is amazing for us to witness this astronomical wonder.” Lily yells to us happily.
The two big celestial bodies gets closer and closer.  Finally, they collide with each other.
“It is coming!  It is coming!” Mei yells happily.
At the very moment of collision, the two celestial bodies deform themselves in such a way that the touching faces collapse inwards.  At the same time, a large quantity of small bodies fly towards space in fan-out directions to form many small celestial bodies.
Since our mother spaceship is very close to the collision, some small bodies fly towards us.  Since there is self-defense system on our mother spaceship, all of those coming small celestial bodies will be destroyed before hitting our mother spaceship.
The collision continues.  The collision process becomes severer and severer.  The collision area becomes larger and larger.  The collapse becomes bigger and bigger.  More and more small celestial bodies fly towards our mother spaceship and more and more small celestial bodies are destroyed by the self-defense system on our mother spaceship.
After a long period of time, the two collision celestial bodies are merged with each other.  A new bigger celestial body is born.  Gradually, those small flying bodies start to fly around the new bigger celestial body.  Some of them fall back to the surface of the new bigger celestial body.  Some of them start to rotate around the bigger body in a fixed orbit.
“This is spectacular.  Could our planet landing ship land on the surface of the new celestial body?  I really want to have a walk there.” Mei asks curiously.
“Me, too.  I want to land there to have a close look at there.  There must be some very interesting topographic features there.” Replies Lily.
“I agree.  This is a excellent opportunity to have a close look at the colliding area.  Let us land on it.” Replies Tony.
“If everybody wants to go, let us go.  There is no problem for our planet landing ship to land there.” The action leader tells us after entering the observation room.
“OK, let us do it.  It must be funny.” Mei yells happily after hearing the comment from the action leader.
After the agreement from the captain, our planet landing ship leaves our mother spaceship and flies towards the new formed celestial body.
“The landscape is so disorder that you can hardly find a landing spot.” Tony tells us after seeing the surface closely.
“That is true.  Two celestial bodies with the size of our moon collided with each other.  The colliding force must be huge.  It is not like a group of small celestial bodies colliding with a big planet. The consequences are totally different.” Replies Sam.
“These are totally two different colliding mechanisms. There is no big impact if a group of very small celestial bodies hitting a big planet. There is big impact if two celestial bodies with the size of our moon colliding with each other.  The two bodies will be totally damaged and merged into one new bigger celestial body.  At the same time, there will be a lot of very small celestial bodies coming out of the collision.” Lily tells everybody.
“I agree.  The second type of collision will cause more damages.” I say.
“In the first small-big collision mechanism, the bigger celestial body can still keep its shape.  In the second big-big collision mechanism, the two big bodies cannot keep their shapes.  They could all be destroyed.” Replies Sam.
“If one of the two celestial bodies is gold and another one is diamond, the new formed celestial body will be a gold-diamond body.” Lily makes a joke.
“So, you want to make a fortune again.” Mei makes a joke on Lily and we all laugh happily.
Finally, our planet landing ship lands on a relative flat spot in the collision area.  After launching four connecting belts from left, front, right and back positions, our planet landing ship is held with the new celestial body firmly.
“OK, we can go out now.” The action leader tells us after landing on the surface firmly.
We fly out one by one and land on the surface of the new celestial body.  The light from a star not too far way shines the surface of the new celestial body as bright as day time.
“The stone looks like the stone on our earth.  It is very strong.” Tony tells us while walking on the surface slowly.
“I do not care about that.  I do care about finding gold and diamond.” Lily makes a joke and we all laugh.
After jumping walk on the bumpy surface for a while, we come to a ditch.
“There are some gold flashing points there.  They could be gold stones inside the ditch.  We could really make a fortune this time.” Tony tells us happily.
“Yes, those bright flashing points could be diamonds, too.  If we can have both gold and diamond here, we can really make a fortune.” Lily makes a joke back and we all laugh again.
“OK, let us jump to the gold and bright area to have a close look.” Mei encourage us to go.
“You go ahead.  I am not interested in any gold or diamond anymore.” I tell everybody.
“I have no interests, too.  You go ahead.” Tony tells everybody, too.
“For safety reasons, it is better to connect both of you together if you really want to go there. We just wait here.” Sam suggests to Lily and Mei.
Lily and Mei connect them with each other by the connecting belts on their waists.  I also use my connecting belt to connect Mei, Tony connecting with me, Sam connecting with Tony.  We all connect as a team so that on body will stray away.
“The gold points are real gold stones.” Lily yells to us in our wireless communication system after reaching the gold flashing area.
“Even so, I am still not interested in it anymore.” Sam yells back in our wireless communication system.  We all laugh.
“If you do not want come, let us take some back as souvenirs to you.” Mei tells us.
After putting some gold stones into their space bags, Lily and Mei jump towards the bright flashing area.
“It is unbelievable.  It is really diamond.” Mei yells to us.
“I expect that.  But I have no interests to diamond, too.  You make a fortune for both of you.” I yell back in our wireless communication system.
“I lost my interests, too.” “Me, too.” Here are the voices from Tony and Sam.
“Ok, in that case, we will bring some back as souvenirs.” Lily tells us.
From our waiting place, I can see that Lily and Mei play there happily to pick up some diamonds.
All of a sudden, there is a big vibration of the ground.
“There are still some earthquakes on this new celestial body.  For safety reasons, it it better for both of you to come back.  Let us return to our planet landing ship.” I tell them in our wireless communication system.
“OK, we are returning.” Replies Lily.
Very soon, Lily and Mei return to join us and we all return to our planet landing ship.
Our planet landing ship gets rid of those connecting belts and takes off gradually into sky.  Our planet landing ship stays near the belt of small celestial bodies which rotates around the new planet.
“Look at those small bodies rotating around the new planet.  They form a belt around the planet.  This belt was created by the collision.  The change is huge.” Says Tony.
“This belt of small bodies is different from those ice belts in our solar system.  This belt is composed of solid particles and small bodies.  I do not know how long this belt could be there.  Maybe it will disappear in future.” Replies Sam.
“It is hard to predict.  The whole situation is not stable now.  It will take a long time to get new balance of the universal gravity.” Replies Tony.
“So, the view here now is an unique sight.  It will change and never be the same again.  Next time when we meet this new planet again, it could be totally different.” Lily replies with pleasure.
“Right now, the shape of the new planet is oval.  Long time later, it could be round.” Replies Mei.
“Yes, it will become a round planet finally.” Lily replies.
After observing the new planet, our planet landing ship returns to our mother spaceship.
73.Space migration area
Our mother spaceship flies towards sky light solar system with high speed.  Finally, we reach the planet with friendly aliens.
Under the escorting of three UFOs, our mother spaceship lands on the small hill landed by us before.  We go out and meet the two familiar friendly aliens.
After exchanging gifts between each other, we enter the wooden house lived by Lily before.
The wooden house is expanded and decorated as a receiving room.  Inside the receiving room, there are pictures of animals on earth.  It makes us feel being at home.
After drawing communication with some verbal communication, we let the aliens understand that on our way to this planet, we came across some space monsters.  The aliens tell us that they can help us in dealing with those space monsters  They also let us understand that they welcome some people from earth to migrate to this planet.  They also let us understand that they still do not have plan to migrate aliens to our earth because there are too many people on earth already.
After friendly negotiation, the aliens will let us have an area about one thousand square km for migration from earth.  They allow us to migrate about ten thousand people to this planet.  This agreement is also agreed by other aliens in other districts.
After the friendly negotiation, we return to our mother spaceship.  After hearing our reports, the captain is very happy, too.  He orders the action leader to lead a team to have a survey to the migration area.
This morning when we have our breakfasts, the action leader comes.
“I have a brief survey plan to discuss with all of you.  The first step is to have a survey from sky by our planet landing ship.  We can take pictures from sky and make map.  The second step is a survey on land.  We can have a team accompanying by our smart robots and smart robot tigers to do the land survey.” The action leader gives us his idea.
“It is a good idea.  Let us do it.” I reply and we all agree.  Very soon, we make a detailed survey plan about our migration area on this planet.
Next morning, we start our sky survey of the migration area by boarding our planet landing ship.
The migration area is beautiful.  There are flat plain, small mountain, river, forest and sea coast.  It is very suitable for people from earth to live comfortably.  The whole migration area is centered around the small hill where our mother spaceship lands.
“Look!  The missing person’s big house is still there.  It is amazing to look it from sky.” Tony tells us.
“That is true.  It is hard to believe that we can survey here in the middle of sky after the rescuing mission.  I am still exciting while thinking about the rescuing mission.” I reply.
“Last time, you went to here to rescue those missing persons by taking our planet landing ship.  This time, you must have strong feelings about this place.” Says Mei.
“True.  At the back of the big house, I found the first missing person. From him, I found more details about those missing persons experiences. Those information was very useful to our rescuing mission.” I reply.
“Look at the top of the small mountain.  That was the place where we stayed during our rescuing mission.  I have a strong feeling about it. It could be a touring spot later.” Sam says in our planet landing ship.
“Looking from sky, this place is beautiful.  I am sure that ten thousand people from earth can live here comfortably.” Lily says while observing from sky.
After survey from sky, our planet landing ship returns to our mother spaceship.
“I want to be the first migrant to this planet from earth!” Lily yells to us as soon as entering our big dormitory hall.  We all laugh.
“As the matter of fact, this migration area is very wonderful.  Life here must be comfortable.  I like to be the first migrant from earth, too.” Replies Mei.
“I agree.  There are mountain, river and forest.  Only ten thousand migrants will live here.  It must be wonderful and comfortable.  I am sure that all of us want to be the first group of people from earth to migrant to this planet.” I reply with smile.
After dinner, I return to my room.  This night, I have a wonderful dream.  Inside my dream, I am the first group of migrants from earth to live here happily.  I am so happy that I do not want to return to our earth.
Next morning after breakfast, under the leadership of our action leader, we start our land survey accompanied by five smart robots and five smart robot tigers.
“This land survey is totally different from the land rescuing mission last time.  This time, we can travel on land comfortably.  We plan to spend thirty days to complete this land survey. We can camp under two moons on this planet.  This is an amazing trip.” Lily says.
“That is true.  We have normal and friendly relationship with those aliens.  We can have happy trips on this planet.” Tony says.
First, we go along the road leading us to rescue those missing persons before.  We have a detailed survey of the forest where we met those two friendly aliens before.
In this forest, there are plenty of all kinds of flowers, grasses and trees.  In addition, there are also all kinds of birds and small animals.  We meet no snakes and other big animals who can attack people.
This evening, we camp on the bank of the river.
Our smart robot tigers have all the necessary foods, drinks and other things for this trip.
We find a flat area on the bank and place our travelling beds there and lay down to have a good rest.
Lily, Mei and the action leader prepare dinner for us.  Tony and Sam play near the river.  The smart robots stand around the place to guard us.
Gradually, the sky becomes dark.  I fall into sleep under the moonshine of two moons.
“Wake up! Wake up! Time to eat.” Mei yells to me and wake me up.
I get up and follow Mei to the travelling dining table.  There are already many foods and drinks on the table.  We chat while eating.
“Life here is so wonderful.  There is only one problem now.  Those space monsters will interrupt our migration from earth to this planet.” Says Sam.
“This is a big trouble for our future migration mission.  If we always have to fight with those space monsters in order to get to here, it is too dangerous for our mother spaceship and planet landing ship.” Replies Tony.
“Maybe, our first task is to get rid of those space monsters.  Otherwise, those space monsters could be a tremendous threatening to our space migration mission.” I say.
“I still remember that last time, when we met those two friendly aliens, they told us that they could help us to deal with those space monsters. They must have some good methods to deal with them.  We can ask them for help.” Replies the action leader.
“It is true.  We can ask help from those aliens.  They must have some good methods to solve this space monster problem.” Replies Mei.
“We can do it in this way.  Before returning to earth, we can ask the aliens to send some UFOs to escort us to our earth.  It is an easy task for them.  They always have UFOs doing things around our earth.” Says Lily.
“This is what I consider.  I will bring this request to the aliens next time when I meet them.  Of course, I will discuss this issue with our captain first.” Replies the action leader.
After dinner, everybody returns to individual travelling bed to have a good sleep.  The remaining foods and drinks are left on the travelling table.
I lay down on my bed to count the stars while others fall into sleep quickly.
The sky is very beautiful.  A half-moon hangs on top of sky while another half-moon hangs just above the horizon.  Some bright stars flash in sky.  Sometimes, a burning small celestial body flies across sky.  In nearby the trees dance with mild wind.
Finally, I fall into sleep.
Next time when I wake up, it is a sunny day.  After breakfast, we start to survey the river.
This river flows to sea.  We follow the river towards sea coast.  The water flows slowly.  There are many swimming creatures in the river.  At one place, we find a kind of fish looking like gold fish on earth. When there are many gold fishes in one place, the river becomes golden color.
All the way well, when we feel tired, our smart robot tigers can carry us.  At night, we reach the coast.
The coast is very high above the sea level.  The sea is very calm.  There is a small mountain near the coast.
“The sight is fantastic.  Let us have our retired lives here.  Let us all migrate to here to have our happy retired lives.” Upon seeing the sight, Lily tells us happily.  We all agree.
“We can build a retirement center here.  There are beaches, small mountain and plain.  We can grow all kinds of vegetables and grains here.” Replies Tony.
“New immigrates can catch sea foods here.  There must be plenty of sea foods here.” Replies Sam.
“Look at those tree leaves.  The leave is as big as a dinner table. The fruit is as big as a football.  It is amazing.  Hopefully, those fruits can be eaten.” Replies Mei.
“Maybe those shrimps could be as big as shark on our earth.  There must be many strange marine creatures in the sea.” I tell everybody.
“I hope so.  Maybe we can ride on the back of those huge shrimps to travel on the surface of sea.” Mei makes a joke and we all laugh happily.
74.Coast earthquake
Suddenly, the land begins to shake.  We all fall down.
“Be careful!  This is a big earthquake!  Lie down on the land!” The action leader yells to us.
We all lie down on the ground to vibrate with the land.
The huge earthquake lasts about five minutes.  We all lie down all the time.
Very soon, the cliff begins to collapse.  We all worry about the continuous cliff collapse will reach our place.  If that happens, we will all fall into sea.  This is very dangerous.
Fortunately, the cliff collapse stops in a short distance from our place. Because of the earthquake, there is a big crack created near us.  The crack is about two meters width.  The crack extends from sea coast towards inland without ending.
Gradually, the small mountain nearby starts to collapse.  The top of the small mountain disappears.
“Go back!  Leave the cliff! Leave the coast!” After the earthquake, the action leader yells to us.  There is still a big chance for the cliff to collapse continuously.  We must leave the place as soon as possible.
We all stand up and ready to run away.  At this time, we are all astonished by what we see.
The endless wall of big waves run towards us from sea.  The waves are as high as 100 meters.
“Ride on the back of the robot tigers! Let us run towards the small mountain.” The action leader gives us order.
We all ride on the back of the robot tigers immediately after hearing the voice from the action leader.  Our smart robot tigers carry us running towards the small mountain as quickly as possible.  Our smart robots run with us in high speed, too.
The huge wall of waves run after us with high speed.  Gradually, the waves catch us from behind.
We all know that this is a competition between life and death.  Our smart robot tigers run as fast as possible.  We must reach the small mountain before the waves swallow us totally.
Gradually, the water reaches the back of our robot tigers.  Due to the resistance of the water, the speed of our robot tigers becomes slower and slower.  Immediate before the water covers our heads, we reach the small mountain.  Finally, we escape the danger of being swallowed by the waves.
“Look!  Lily is rushed away by the water.  Help!  Help! Lily is away the robot tiger now.  She is struggling by herself in the water.  Help!” Mei yells to us when she finds the dangerous situation.
We are all astonished by what we see after hearing the yelling.
Lily is pushed up by the waves and drops down constantly inside the rough water.  The robot tiger is still near her but she cannot ride on it.  She is very tired.
In this desperate situation, the action leader emits a rescue net towards Lily.  The rescue net falls from top to hold Lily completely.  The robot tiger swims towards us by itself after seeing the rescue net holding Lily.
The action leader connects the belt of the rescue net with a robot tiger.  The machine in the robot tiger begins to pull the belt back.
Since we all have oxygen candy with us.  Lily puts an oxygen candy inside her mouth and a sealing mask to cover her mouth.  She can get enough oxygen to support her life even if the waves swallow her totally.
Gradually, Lily is pulled back towards the small mountain and saved
“Lily! Lily! Open your eyes! Open your eyes!” Mei yells to her after seeing that she has her eyes closed tightly.  
Mei shakes Lily to try to wake her up.
Lily opens her eyes slowly to see that we are all around her.
“You scares me to death! Lily, are you OK.  I yell to you loudly but you have no responses.  You scares us to death!” Mei blames Lily.
“Sorry!  Sorry! I could not hear you.  I thought that I was still in water.” Lily apologizes to Mei in a hurry.
“Maybe there is too much water inside her ears.  She could not hear anything at that time.” I give my explanation to console Mei.
“You scares me to death!  You should have open your eyes.  I do not know if you have big problems or just sleep.” Mei gives Lily a small punch and says.
“Sorry! Sorry! Tell you the truth.  I really had a good sleep inside the waves and had a sweat dream, too.” Lily makes a joke and we all laugh.
“OK, as long as we are all safe, everything else is a small business. It was good for Lily to have a sweat dream when being swallowed by waves. This time, it is more scared than hurt.  We are lucky this time.” The action leader tells us with smile.
We continue to climb towards the higher place of the small mountain.  After reaching the collapsed top, I can see that we are surrounded by endless water.  There are some broken trees flowing along the water.  There are also some big birds cruising above the water to search for foods.
“OK, I have contacted with our mother spaceship.  I report the situation to the captain.  There is no damage caused by this earthquake to our mother spaceship.  The captain asks us to re-consider our land survey plan after the water retreats.  If it is necessary, he can send our planet landing ship to pull us out.” The action leader tells us.
“According to the present situation, there is no need to cancel this land survey trip.  The dangerous situation has already passed.” Replies Sam.
“This is what I told the captain.  We have no big problems now.” Replies the action leader.
“So, we should continue our land survey trip.  No need to cancel it.” Replies Sam.
“This is my opinion, too.  It is a pity to abandon our land survey now. We should continue our trip since the big dangerous situation has already passed.” I say.
“OK, let us continue our trip.  I will report our decision to the captain.” The action leader agrees with us and reports to the captain about our decisions.
“Look! The water starts to retreat.  The water level drops.  Very soon, we can leave here.” Mei tells us while pointing to the water level.
“The tidal wave comes fast and retreats quickly.  It was so wonderful for me to sleep in the water, just like sleep in a vibrating bed.” Lily makes a joke and we all laugh.
“Maybe, you also had a sweat dream in your imaginary vibrating bed.  Maybe you had a dream of marring an alien.” Mei makes a joke and we all laugh.
“How dare you are to make jokes on me?” Lily gives Mei a punch on her shoulder and we all laugh happily.
“We must thank our smart robot tigers.  It is them to help us escape this disaster.  The robot tigers run very fast.  Without them, we could be in big trouble.” I say.
“Yes, we must thank our robot tigers.  We also need to thank those engineers who design the oxygen candy and the rescue net.  Without the oxygen candy and the rescue net, Lily could be in big trouble, too.  By the way, let us camp here tonight.” The action leader gives his suggestion.
At this time, almost all the water retreat.  Around the small mountain, all lands appear.
“This is a good idea.  Let us camp on this small mountain tonight.” Lily agrees first.  We all agree.
Under the management of the action leader, we set up our camps on the collapsed top of the small mountain.
Since all of our foods, drinks and clothes are in sealed baggage, the sea water causes no damage to those things.
We take those things out and change our clothes.  We set a pile of fire to dry our wet clothes.  At this time, the dusk falls down.
“Thanks to our sealing packing, too.  There are no damages to our foods, drinks and clothes by sea water.  We need to thank all of those engineers and workers who design and make them.” Lily says.
“I agree.  Under such circumstances, the sealing baggage is very important to us.  We can eat here and sleep here comfortably under the sky with plenty of stars.” Lily praises.
“Look at the wonderful night sky!  There are two moons hanging there, one big, one small, one far away, one close to us, one on top of us, one just above horizon.  Some bright stars flash in the night sky.  The land is covered by moonshine.  It is so quiet in this night world that it makes people having delusions.  This scene makes me feel that I was in ancient primitive earth.  I have a feeling of time travelling to our ancient earth.” I say.
“That is amazing.  Right now, if we raise our heads and look far far away, maybe we can see our solar system.” Lily makes a joke.
“You have a wonderful dream here.  You have a wonderful delusion right, Lily.  You must be still in your dream inside the waves.  If you can see our solar system from here, you must be a person with special capabilities.” Mei makes a joke on Lily.
“You always be on the opposite side of mine.  I will teach you a lesion.” Lily gives Mei a punch with smile.  We all laugh.
“Lily, let them chat here.  Let us prepare something to eat.” Mei and Lily leave us to prepare some meals for us.
“It is hard to believe that we could come across big earthquake and tidal waves on this planet.  This is an experience which could be remembered for the rest of my life.  It could be better if we should have video recording of the situation.” Tony says while drying his clothes.
“You must be in your dream, too.  At that time, we rushed for lives.  How could you have time to do recording?” Mei makes a joke on Tony.
“That is an unforgettable experience.  Since we escaped from death in a great disaster, we will sure have a better future.” I tell them with smile.
“No matter what, this is an amazing experience.  I can write a story after returning to our earth.” Replies Tony.
“I agree.  Everybody can write a story about this disaster.  We are all lucky to escape this disaster.” The action leader tells us.  We all agree.
Very soon, the meals are ready by Lily and Mei.  There are many foods and drinks on the portable table.
“OK, let us go to have a drink.  It is delicious just watching those foods.” The action leader tells us and we all go to the table.
After eating, I lie down on my portable bed and fall into deep sleep due to the fatigue from escaping the disaster.
Our smart robots stand around us to provide protection.
75.Heavy rain
Next morning when we wake up, we see that there is no water around the small mountain at all.  The land is a mess.  After breakfast ,we pack everything and walk down hill.  Sam is in front of us.
Suddenly, Sam disappears in front of us.  We all run forward and see that Sam falls into a hole on the mess land.  The hole is so dark that we can see nothing.
“Sam!  Are you Ok there?” Lily yells to the hole in a hurry.
“I am fine inside here.  I am stuck in the middle of the hole.” From the deep dark hole, here comes the voice of Sam.
The action leader puts a strong torch inside the hole.  We see that Sam is stuck by a stone in the middle of the hole.  Originally, this is connected with an underground river.  There is no water inside the hole now.
Upon seeing the torch light, Sam feels easy.  Since the hole is too deep, we advise Sam to put an oxygen candy into his mouth so that he can get enough oxygen.  At the same time, we put down a smart rescue belt into the hole.  The smart rescue belt reaches Sam and holds Sam's waist.  Gradually, our smart robot pulls Sam up.  Sam has only some skin hurts.  There is no other problem with Sam.  We all feel relaxed.
Later on, for the safety reasons, all of us are connected with each other by the belts on our waists.  In this case, if anyone falls into a hole again, we can still hold him or her so that he or she will not fall too far away from surface.  At the same time, we have two smart robots walk in front of us to explore the way.
Finally, we arrive at a river at noon.  The river is very wide and runs towards sea.
“This river is beautiful.  Look at those trees at the two sides.  The leave is so big.  The fruit is so big.  The fruit is as big as the coconut on our earth.” Lily says while washing her face.
“I love this river.  It is wide but it is calm.  Those inverted images in water make the scene even more beautiful.” Replies Mei.
We find some strange water creatures in the river.
“Although they are all water creatures, those water creatures are totally different from the water creatures on our earth.  They have strange faces.” Sam says while starring at those water creatures.
“The feeling is the same when you touch the water.” Lily says.
“Of course the feeling is the same.  Water is same water all over universe.” Replies Tony.
“OK, let us walk along the river towards inland.  Maybe we can find the original source of this river.” The action leader suggests.
“OK, let us go upstream.  Maybe we can also reach the boundary of the immigration area.” Agrees Mei.
Under the leadership of the action leader, we walk along the river to upstream.  In the evening, we arrive at a plain.  We plan to camp there at night.
Next morning, we continue our journey towards upstream.  The immigration area is so large that we cannot reach the boundary by foot.
“This river is so long.  Maybe the origin of this river is not inside our immigration area.  Let us stop here.” The action leader tells us.
At this time, the weather changes.  Dark cloud covers the whole sky with very low height.  The sunny day becomes very cloudy day all of a sudden.  This is the first time for us to meet this weather changing.
“Not good!  It seems to me that there will be a huge weather change in a very short period of time.  A heavy rain is coming.” The action leader tells us while looking at the sky.
“There is a hill over there.  Let us leave the river and go to the hill, just in case.” I remind the action leader.
“Good suggestion.  If there is a heavy rain, the river must overflow.  At that time, here will be a lake.  Let us go to the hill to avoid flooding.” Mei reminds us, too.
“OK, Let us be on the backs of our robot tigers.  Let us run towards the hill nearby.” The action leader gives the order.
As soon as hearing the order from the action leader, we are all on the backs of our smart robot tigers.  Our smart robot tigers run towards the hill with us on their backs.  The smart robots run with us, too.
Very soon, the heavy rain begins.  Accompanying the heavy rain, the big wind blows strongly with frequent lightening.  We run fast in the heavy rain, strong wind and frequent lightening.
All of a sudden, the water falls down from sky like water pouring out from a lake.  The river overflows immediately.  The two sides of the river become lake immediately.
Before the water reaches the legs of our smart robot tigers, we reach the hill.
Look around from the hill, I can see that surroundings becomes a big lake.  Since the wind is too strong, we cannot set up tents on the hill.  Under such circumstance, we let our smart robots and robot tigers surround us to form a close wall.  Inside the close wall, we use a single person sealed capsule to exchange wet clothes one by one.  After putting on dry clothes, everyone also puts a sealed overcoat to protect him or her from violent wind and rain.  The overcoat can cover the whole body including head.  If it is necessary, everyone can also put an oxygen candy in mouth to get oxygen.
After exchanging clothes and wearing overcoats to protect us, we all sit on the hill to observe the surrounding situation.
At this time, the rain is heavier and heavier, the wind being stronger and stronger.  In front of us, the lake becomes an endless sea.  The river disappears without a trace.  We cannot distinguish where is the river and where is the plain.
Since there is only one hill nearby, all of those thunders and lightning strike the hill where we are.  Thanks to our smart robots, they set up a metal net to shield us from being hurt by those thunders and lightning.
“The wind and storm are much much stronger than those on our earth.  The heavy rain just likes water being poured from a sky lake directly and constantly.” Lily says.
“Yes, this is the first heavy rain met by us on this planet.  Maybe, the rain season comes on this place.” Replies Sam.
“Instantly, a river disappears and a lake appears.  This is an amazing phenomenon on this planet.  Thanks to our smart robot tigers and our smart robots.  Without them, we cannot be here.  In future, no matter where we go, we must have our smart robot and smart robot tiger with us for safe reasons.” Mei tells us with smile.  We all agree. 
76.Amphibious monster
“Look!  There is a big creature moving there.  What is that?  It is dark and big.” Mei yells to us while pointing to the new created sea.
“Yes, that is a big monster.  It swims slowly in water.” Sam yells to us, too.
“It is amazing to see a huge fish monster wondering here.  This monster has a flat body.  It does not like a whale on our earth.” Tony says.
“Look at the water clearly.  There are two smaller dark fish monsters near the big one.  The size of the smaller one is only half of the big one.” I tell everybody.
“That is true.  There are three fish monsters in the water.  Maybe, they are in a family.” Mei says.
“I am sure that those two smaller monsters are the children of the big one.” Lily agrees with Mei.
“Look!  There is another fish monster swimming towards us slowly.” Sam yells to us while pointing to the water.
Along with the direction pointed by Sam, I find another fish monster swimming towards the hill where we are.
“I guess that if another big fish monster swims to here, there will be a big fight between it and the other three fish monsters.” Lily tells us.
“It is hard to tell.  Maybe, the new monster swims to here just because it likes Mei here.  Or, Maybe, in order to have Mei, those fish monsters will have a competition among themselves.” I make a joke on Mei and all others laugh.
“You make a joke on me, again.  I will fight back.” Mei give me a punch on my shoulder and we all laugh.
At this time, the single fish monster and the group of fish monsters swim around our hill.  Gradually, the group of fish monsters begin to intercept the single monster.  There is a confrontation between them.
“Look!  There could be a fight soon.  It must be a big fight between tiger and dragon.” Mei yells to us.
“Yes, they will fight for Mei very soon.” Lily makes a joke and we all laugh.
Very soon, the confrontation becomes a big fight.  The big fish monster with its children launches attack first.  It opens its big flat mouth to attack another big fish monster.  The other big fish monster does not show any weakness.  It opens its big mouth to counter attack the first one.
“Their heads are so flat.  Their mouths are so flat.  Their mouths can be called huge blood mouths.” Sam says.
“The huge flat mouth can swallow a whole person into it.  If Mei comes across the hug mouth, it can swallow Mei totally.” Tony makes a joke on Mei and we all laugh.  This time, Mei is used to our jokes and will not give us a punch anymore.
In the water, the big fight continues.  We sit there to watch the fish monster fighting.
The water likes boiling water with so many bobbles.  Finally, the water returns to its normal situation.  On the surface of water, there appears a red area.  Obviously, the red water comes from injures of those fish monsters.
“Look!  The single fish monster is swimming away slowly.  Obviously, it is the loser.  The heavy fighting ends just like this.” Lily says.
“Maybe during the fighting, the two smaller monsters joined the fight.  Three to one, the single one must be defeated.” I tell everybody.
“Sure, three to one, the single one must be the loser.” Replies Mei.
At this time while we chat, the loser monster does not swim away anymore.  It stays in distance.
“Maybe, it does not want to admit being defeated.  It wants to launch another attack again.  There will be another big fight just like fighting between tiger and dragon.” Tony tells us while watching the loser monster in distance.
“It is hard to say.  If there is only skin wounds, it still can fight. It is possible for it to launch another attack.  Besides, Lily and Mei are here.  It will come back to chase them.” Sam makes a joke and we all laugh.
“Look!  It is coming back.  There will be another big fight soon.” Lily yells to us.
At this time, the single big fish monster swims back and rushes towards a smaller fish monster.  Obviously, another big fight starts.
This time, the single big fish monster uses another tactics.  Instead of attacking the big fish monster directly, it attacks a smaller one.
Upon knowing being attacked, the smaller one is taken by big surprise.  It swims in panic without clear direction.  It moves away from its protector, its big fish monster. It puts itself in an even riskier situation.
Upon seeing this situation, the parent big fish monster rushes towards the attacking big monster while another smaller monster follows.  In the water, the four fish monsters form a chasing line like a snake.
“The chasing line is amazing.  The first fish monster is doing its best to escape while the second monster is doing its best to catch and escape. The third and fourth fish monsters are doing their best to catch up. The water waves are pushed away to two sides.  It looks like a fleet moving forward with high speed.” Lily tells us while pointing to the fish monster fleet.
“The attacking fish monster is very smart this time.  Instead of attacking the big rival, it attacks the smaller one.  In this way, it is easier for it to succeed.” Mei says.
“I agree.  The monsters are with high intelligences. It knows where is the weakness and attacks the weakness.” Replies Tony.
At this time, the fish monster fleet changes its direction.  It starts to swim around the hill where we are.  Even some waves are pushed onto shore.
Because of the desire to survive, the smaller fish monster in front escapes with high speed.  The following attacking fish monster cannot catch its prey.
Because of the desire to save its child, the parent big fish monster chases the attacking fish monster closer and closer.  Gradually, the parent fish monster catches the attacking monster and a big fight starts.
The parent fish monster opens its big flat mouth and bites the tail of the attacking fish monster.  The attacking monster has to abandon to chase the child monster and fights back with the parent monster.  The fight becomes more and more violent.
The escaping child fish monster stops escaping after knowing that the chasing monster does not chase it anymore.  It turns back and joins the fight to help its mother.  At this time, another child fish monster catches up from behind and joins the battle to attack the attacking fish monster.
The fighting result is obviously.  The attacking fish monster is defeated by those three fish monsters.  The attacking fish monster escapes from the battle field with many wounds.  It swims away quickly.  The other three fish monsters stop chasing the attacking monster.  They also feel very tired.
“Look!  The defeated monster stays in distance.  Maybe it wants to fight again.” Lily tells us.
“It is amazing.  There is no way to defeat three fish monsters by itself. It suffers repeated defeats but it still want to fight on.” Mei says with smile.
“Do you know what it means?  It means that our Lily and Mei are so attractive that the fish monster does not want to abandon the idea of getting them.” Tony makes a joke and we all laugh.
“No matter what, it seems to me that the defeated monster does not want to admit its defeating.  Maybe, it will launch another attack.” I tell everybody.
At this time, as our predictions, the wounded fish monster swims towards the hill where we are slowly.
Upon seeing the coming back of the wounded fish monster, two child monsters move left and right while the parent fish monster moves towards the wounded monster directly.  The three monsters form an encircle to counter attack the coming monster.
The wounded monster seems fail to find the encircle.  It collides with the parent monster head to head.  Another fierce battle between them starts again.
At this time, two child monsters envelop the wounded fish monster from left and right.
Under the heavy attacks from three directions, the wounded monster is defeated again with more wounds.  The area of water is red again.
Finally, the wounded fish monster rushes away from the battle field and escapes towards endless water without any traces.
“It is amazing for us to sit here under rain, strong wind and lightning to witness this battle just like a battle between tiger and dragon.  It is a chance of a million.  It is much marvelous for us to see this fight.” Mei says with a sigh of relief while watching the wounded fish monster moving away.
“That is true.  I will write a story about this tiger and dragon fight so that our friends on earth can read it.  We are so lucky to witness this big fight.” Sam says with a sigh of relief.
“By the way, are those fish monsters amphibious monsters?  If that is so, those monsters can climb onto the hill.  What should we do if they are here?” Lily asks.
“You scare me, Lily.  Hopefully, those monster can only survive in water instead of on land.” Mei replies.
“Look!  The three monsters move towards us.” Lily yells to us.
The more you fear, the more it comes.
The three monsters move towards the hill where we are slowly.  Maybe they are curious about what they are on the hill.
From the very beginning, those monsters just swim around the hill slowly.  It seems to me that they look for a proper place to climb onto the hill.
“Maybe those three fish monsters really love Mei.  They just want to kidnap Mei.  Otherwise, why do they swim around us?” Sam makes a joke.
“I agree.  Mei is so attractive that those fish monsters just cannot leave here without kidnapping her.” Tony makes a joke on Mei, too.
“I will not let both of you leave without punishment.” Mei replies with smile and we all laugh.
“Look!  Those monsters stay there without movement.  Maybe they want to climb onto the hill.  It is no good to us.” Tony yells to us while pointing to the water.
At this time, those three fish monsters approach the edge of the hill where we are.  They raise their heads above water to observe us.
“Not good.  They really want to climb onto the hill.  What should we do next?  They could attack us.” Mei yells to us after seeing three big flat heads raising above water.
The big flat head is so strange that its big mouth is so horrible.  Above the big flat mouth, there are three eyes and three nostrils.
Under the circumstances of heavy rain, strong wind, frequent lightning and big waves,  these are three horrible big flat heads.
“Look!  Those three monsters begin to climb onto this hill.  They are real amphibious animals.  It is terrible.  We must protect ourselves.” Lily yells to us.
“It is amazing.  Those fish monsters are real amphibious animals.  We must be careful about this.” Mei yells to us, too.
“Do not be panic!  We have enough smart robots to protect us from being attacked by those amphibious monsters.  Do not be panic!” The action leader reminds us while sitting on the ground.
At this time, those three amphibious monsters approach us slowly from three direction.
“Those monsters try to surround us from three directions.” Lily reminds us.
Upon seeing the monsters approaching us, our smart robots form a defense line between us and those monsters.
Upon seeing the robot defense line, those monsters stop moving forward.
“It seems to me that those monsters are afraid of our smart robots.  If so, why not let our smart robots kill those monsters?” Asks Tony.
“Do not do this.  If we really kill these monsters, it will make those aliens being angry.  We should not kill any animals on this planet unless it is absolute necessary.  We should do our best to maintain the friendship between us and the aliens.” I tell everybody.
“I agree.  We should not kill any animals on this planet unless we have to.  We can find other ways to defeat these monsters instead of killing them.” Mei agrees.  All agree.
At this time, those monsters still do not want to give up.  After waiting for a while, they start to move forward again, slowly.
Upon seeing this, our smart robots open fires by their high energy laser guns to form a laser defense wall in front of those monsters.  Under the dark sky, the laser defense wall is so bright.
When those three monsters move forward slowly and touch the laser wall, they feel pain and retreat back.  But still, those monsters do not give up.  They shake their big flat heads and mover around to try to find another way to approach us.  We still sit here and watch.
At this time, our smart robots start to approach those monsters in three directions.  Upon seeing our robots approaching, those three monsters have to abandon the hopes to approach us,  They retreat into water and disappear without a trace.  We all feel a sigh of relief.
77.Fall into big hole
The wind stops.  The rain stops.  The lightning stops.  All of a sudden, the sky turns into sunny sky.  The environment becomes quiet.
“Look!  The sunny day comes.  It is amazing to have such a sudden weather change.  It is unpredictable.” Lily yells to us.
“Maybe the weather is controlled by those monsters.  When they leave, the rain, the wind and the lightning leave.” Sam makes a joke.
“It could be true.  From the very beginning, those monsters used thunder storm to trap us in this hill.  Then, they wanted to kidnap Lily and Mei. Thanks to our smart robots, those monsters could not realize their dreams. They had to abandon their plan and left.  Then, they stopped the thunder storm.” I make a joke and we all laugh.
“OK, the thunder storm is over.  The surroundings are still in water. We cannot leave now.  Let us stay here one day.” The action leader suggests and we all agree.
We stay at the small island for the rest of the day.  After enjoying the dinner prepared by Lily and Mei, we set a fire.  We sit around the fire and enjoy chatting.
This night is a cloudless night. The sky is scattered stars while one moon hangs in the sky and another moon hangs just above horizon.  The camping side is covered with silver moonshine.
Gradually, I fall into sleep.
When I am half awake and half asleep, I find that there are some small flashing points at the outside of the protecting wall formed by our smart robots.
I sit up and take a close look at those flashing points.  I find that those flashing points are the eyes of wolf-size animals.  Those wolf-size animals move around without any noises.  Our smart robots just look at those animals closely without firing laser guns.
At this time, the other people still sleep soundly.  Since there are noises from those animals, they are not waked up.
I watch those animals silently.  Those animals try to get close to us but they are blocked by our smart robots.  Since I have full confidence on our smart robots to protect all of us, I do not want to wake everybody up.
Those animals move around to try to break the defense line formed by our smart robots.  Since those animals have no chances to move close to us, they disappear without any trances.  I give a sigh of relief and sleep again.
This night, I have a nightmare.  In my dream, a group of wolf size animals try to surround and attack us.  During my escaping in high speed, I am scared to wake up.  For the rest of the night, I cannot sleep anymore.
Next morning, it is an sunny day.  During the breakfast, I tell everybody about the incident last night.  I also let everybody watch the video recorded by a smart robot.  After hearing my story and watching the video, they do not feel being scared.  We all have full confidence on our smart robots to protect us.  Everybody knows that there is no need to be panic as long as our smart robots protect us.
Suddenly, the land shakes.  We all fall onto ground.
“Be careful!  Another big earthquake! Lie down!  Lie down!” The action leader reminds us.
At this time, there is a big crack at the bottom of the lake nearby.  There is a huge whirlpool on the surface of the lake.  This huge whirlpool sucks all the water nearby into it.  The current changes its direction and rushes into the huge whirlpool.
“Look!  The huge whirlpool sucks all the water into it.” Lily yells to us.
The lake becomes a lake without water due to the huge earthquake. It becomes a basin.
“Amazing!  The crack at the bottom of the lake must be huge.  Otherwise, it cannot suck all the water into it.” Mei yells to us.
“It is not a good news to us.  The structure of the ground nearby is too soft.  It is easy to become sinkhole.  Let us leave here as quickly as possible for safe reasons.” I tell everybody.
“If so, let us leave here quickly.  If there is another earthquake, we could be buried here.” Mei replies.
“OK, let us move quickly.  Let us all move onto the backs of our smart robot tigers.” The action leader tells us.
But, it is too late.  There is another big earthquake.  Almost instantly, we are all buried under ground.  I lose my consciousness immediately.
I do not know how long it takes for me to recover my consciousness.  I try to move my arms and legs.  They are all OK.  I turn on my portable torch.  I can see that I am in an underground cave.  I put an oxygen candy into my mouth to get more oxygen.
At this time, I see some more torch lights nearby.
“Who are you over there?” I yell to the lights.
“I am Mei!”, “I am Lily!”, “I am the action leader!”.  Very soon, everybody tells us his or her name.  We are all glad to know that we are all OK.
We get together.  After searching, it is unbelievable to know that all of our smart robots and robot tigers are OK, too.
Our torch lights shine the underground cave brightly.  We discuss our next action plan.
“Listen!  There is water running sound.” Lily tells us.
“I can hear that, too.  It is a running water sound.  Is that useful to us?” Mei asks.
“It is useful to us.  If we are near an underground river, we can save ourselves.  Let us go to find the underground river.” Tony suggests.
“OK, let us go together.  No individual actions anymore, just for safe reasons.” The action leader reminds us.
We connect each other by our connecting belts on our waists.  In this way, if anyone falls into a hole, we can still hold this person without losing this person.  We follow the sound of running water and move very carefully.
Very soon, we find an underground river.
In order to know the depth of the underground river, one smart robot goes to the edge of the river and extends its flexible arm into the river.  A laser beam is emitted from its finger to measure the depth of the river.
“The river is not very deep, about five meters depth.  The water is running.  So, there should be an exit of the water.  We can follow the river to the exit.” I tell everybody after seeing the measurement of the smart robot.
“What do you mean by following the river?” Lily asks.
“You are right.  If the water is not moving, it means that it is a underground lake.  If the water is moving, it means that there should be an exit for the water to run.  If we walk under water, maybe we could find the exit.” I reply.
“Here is close to sea.  Maybe the water runs into sea.  Maybe we can find an exit above cliff.” Replies Mei.
“Let us go.  Even if an exit above cliff could be found, we still have a chance to escape to heaven.” Replies Tony.
“OK, everybody has enough oxygen candies.  There is no need for us to worry about oxygen supply.  Next step, we need to find an exit.  Let us try to find an exit from land first.  If not, we can follow the river to find an exit to sea.” The action leader tells us.
Very soon, we send our smart robots to search for exit of this underground cave.  We and our robot tigers just wait at the original place.
Not very long, the smart robots come back one by one.  As we expect, we cannot find any exit on land.
“OK, we have the searching result from our smart robots.  The result is negative.  We must follow the river to escape.” Says the action leader.
“Hopefully, we can find an exit by following this underground river.” I say.
“Right now, this is the only hope.  But do not give up.  I am sure that there is a way for us to escape to heaven.” Replies Sam.
“OK, let us equip ourselves first.  Everybody needs to put oxygen candy into mouth.  Everybody should wear the total sealing uniform.  Everybody should be connected with another person by the connecting belt.  Let our smart robots walk in front under water.  Let our robot tigers follow us immediately.  Let us go in this pattern.” The action leader gives his order.
78.Jump into sea to escape
We jump into water one by one as arranged.  Very soon, we are all under water.  With the protection from our total sealing uniforms, everybody can walk safely under water. Since everybody has oxygen candy in mouth, everybody has enough oxygen.
The underground river is very complex.  The river bed is up and down frequently.  Sometime, we walk towards a concave ground.  Sometimes, we walk with upper bodies above water.
After walking for a while, our troop stops.  The action leader informs us from our communication system that there is a huge hollow in front.
We move slowly forward until we are all at the edge of the huge hollow.
“Wait for a while.  A smart robot will dive crossing the huge hollow.  He will fasten a connecting belt on the other side of the hollow.  After fastening both ends of the connecting belt, we can cross the hollow by holding the belt.” The action leader tells us.
Not long later, a connecting belt is there to support us to cross the hollow.
“OK, thanks to our smart robot.  The connecting belt has been fastened. Let us go and cross the hollow one by one.” The action leader tells in our communication system.
“This connecting belt is simple and useful.  We can hold it to cross the underwater hollow. It saves us a lot of troubles.” Mei says with satisfaction.
One by one, we all cross the underwater hollow successfully.
After a short rest, we continue our underwater journey.  At this time, I can feel that the running water is faster and faster.  The water pushes me moving forward.  Thanks to the connecting belts to connect all of us all together.  Otherwise, one person could be flush away by the running water.
Later, we come across a cross section with two directions to go.  We have to have a meeting to determine which way we should take.
“In front of us, there are two ways to go.  Which way should we take?” Asks the action leader.
“Let us select a bigger one.  At least, the exit could be bigger.” Tony gives his suggestion and we all agree.
We continue our underwater journey by selecting a bigger river bed.  After walking underwater for another five km, there is a light appearing in front.
“Look!  There is light in front.  It must come from an exit.” The action leader encourages us moving forward.
“Let us give the last try!  An exit is in front of us.  We are saved.” Lily yells to us after hearing the voice from the action leader.
We move faster towards the light.  Very soon, we find an opening in front while our upper bodies are above water.  We reach the opening finally and are surprise to see the situation.
The opening is on a high cliff and it is about 500 meters above sea level.
The running water falls onto sea from the opening on the cliff.  Under the sun shine, it forms a colorful waterfall.  The waterfall is surrounded by colorful rainbow.  The sound created by falling water colliding with sea propagates to a far distance.
“What should we do next?  The opening is too high above sea level.  How could we leave here?” Asks the action leader.
“No matter what, we cannot go back.” Replies Tony.
“Maybe be we can go back half way and take another river bed to get to another exit.” Replies Lily.
“Actually, there is no need to go back.  Look!  There is another waterfall over there.  It must come from the smaller bypass flow.  That opening is also so far away from sea level.” Mei tells us while pointing to far distance.  We all agree to her analysis.
“If this opening is not OK and that opening is also not OK, we are stuck in here.” Says Sam.
“There is a way to escape here.  But it is risky.” I tell everybody.
“What is it?  Tell us more about your idea.” Asks Mei.
“I tried it last time when I went to search for those missing persons from earth.  Under such circumstance, we have to try it again.” I reply.
“Tell us more about the plan.” Lily says in a hurry.
“First of all, everybody puts an oxygen candy in mouth and wear the sealing mask.  In this way, even if we lose our consciousness, we can still have enough oxygen to support us.” I reply.
“I will lose consciousness.  It scares me to death.” Mei replies as soon as hearing my introduction.
“Do not interrupt.  Let him continue.” Says Tony.
“With oxygen candy, sealing mask and sealing uniform, everybody should jump into the sea below.” I say.
“And then?” Asks Sam.
“And then, everybody should be connected with one smart robot or robot tiger.  When we lose our consciousness, our smart robots and robot tigers will swim towards a nearby beach with us.  Last time, I was rescued by our smart robot by this way.  When I woke up, I was in a beach.” I finish my introduction.  Upon hearing my suggestion, everybody falls into silence.
At last, the action leader breaks the silence.
“OK, it seems to me that we have no other alternatives.  We have to take this method to escape here.  No matter what, even if we will lose our consciousness, we can still be rescued.  Having something good is better than having nothing at all.” Says the action leader.
After a long consideration, everybody agrees to take this rescuing action.
“One more thing to remind everybody.  In order to avoid collision in the whole process, let us jump out one by one in an interval of five minutes.  In this way, the previous one could be pulled away by the accompanying smart robot or robot tiger.  In this way, the following one will not jump onto the previous one.” I tell everybody.  All agree.
“OK.  If everybody agrees with me, let our action leader to jump first.  Then, one after one, I will be the last one.” I give another suggestion and all agree.
“OK, let me jump first and good luck to everybody.  See you on beach.” After yelling to us, the action leader jumps with a smart robot.  Since the opening is too high away from sea level and the waterfall blocks our view, we cannot see the action leader dropping into sea.
Five minutes later, Tony jumps with another smart robot.
“Lily, it is your turn now.  You will be fine.” Five minutes later, I encourage Lily after seeing her not jumping.
“It is too high!  I cannot jump! I just cannot!” Lily cries.
“No need to worry, Lily.  You will be accompanied by a smart robot. The robot will rescue you to the beach nearby.” I console Lily.
“Do not worry.  Let me jump with you.” Sam consoles Lily.
“It is good.  You can jump as a couple.  It could help in mind.  Lily, you can stand on the left side of the smart robot and Sam, you can stand on the right side of the robot.  Both of you can jump with the smart robot at the same time.  Since the opening is not that big, only one smart robot can jump with two of you.  One smart robot can rescue both of you, no questions about that.” I console both of them.
As my arrangement, Lily and Sam jump into blue sky with one smart robot.  They fall into sea with waterfall.
Upon seeing Lily and Sam jumping out, Mei is nervous.  Next, it is her time to jump.
“Mei, it is your turn.  No need to worry.  You will be fine.” I console Mei.
“I am still nervous.  I cannot control it.  Let us jump together just like Lily and Sam.” Mei tells me.
“OK, no problem about that.  Let us jump together like Lily and Sam.  Do not look down.  Just look your front and walk towards the blue sky.  We will drop into sea together.” I tell Mei.
“OK, I will follow it.  How about the rest of smart robots and robot tigers?” Mei asks.
“No need to worry about it.  They will jump out one by one in the interval of five minutes.” I tell Mei.
In the middle of blue sky, Mei, a smart robot and I walk forward together.  After going out of the opening, I lose my consciousness.
When I wake up, I find Lily, Mei, Tony, Sam and the action leader lie nearby.  Our smart robots and robot tigers stand nearby to protect us.
I am too tired and sleep again.
When I wake up again, I find Lily, Mei and the action leader sitting around a wild fire.  Tony and Sam still sleep.
Upon seeing my waking up, Mei invites me to join them.
Mei gives me a cup of hot soup.  I join their conversation while after drinking the soup.
“I must thank you for jumping with me together.  Otherwise, I will not be here.” Mei thanks me with smile.
“You are welcome.  I am glad to see you here again.  I am glad to see everybody being fine here again.” I reply to Mei with smile.
“I was the first one to come down.  I was the first one to wake up.  I checked all of you by my portable device.  All of your health were OK.  All of you just needed more sleep since all of you were to tired.  I did not wake you up.” Says the action leader.
“I lost my consciousness immediately after touching the sea water.  When I woke up, I was on the beach.  Everything to me was smooth.” I reply with smile.
“I lost my consciousness immediately after jumping out.  When I woke up, I was on the beach.  Everything to me was smooth, too.” Mei says with smile.
“I had the same experience as Mei’s.” Lily says with smile.
“Maybe I am very strong.  After dropping into water, I woke up when I was pulled by our smart robot.  I actual witnessed a underwater fighting between our smart robots, robot tigers and those fish animals.  Thanks to our robots and robot tigers.  They defeated those attackers underwater.” Says the action leader.
“Really, there was an underwater fight.  Tell us more about it.” Lily asks in a hurry.
After drinking some hot soup, the action leader tells us the story.
“After jumping into water, our smart robots and robot tigers pulled us forward underwater.  Very soon, our underwater troop came across three fish monsters.  In the very beginning, those fish monsters just blocked our way to the beach.  They did not attack us actively.  Upon seeing this, our smart robots and robot tigers tried to go around to reach the beach. At this time, those fish monsters launched the attack from three different directions.  In order to defeat those fish monsters, three of our smart robots fought with three fish monsters.  The other smart robots and robot tigers surrounded us to protect us.  Very soon, three robot tigers joined the battle to attack those fish monsters.  Finally, those fish monsters were defeated and we were all on beach.” The action leader tells us.
We are all impressed after hearing the story from the action leader.  We all thank our smart robots and robot tigers.
At this time, Tony and Sam wake up.  They join us and have cups of hot soup.
“Let us watch the automatic video recording from our smart robots.  We can see more details.” I suggest.
Very soon, we see more details about the underwater battle from the automatic video recording installed inside our smart robots.
“It is amazing.  This is a huge underwater battle.” Tony says after watching the video recording.
“This is a battle movie, just needing more editing.” Lily comments after watching the recording.
“We all lost consciousness except the action leader.  Did you scare yourself upon witnessing the underwater battle?” Lily asks the action leader.
“Tell you the truth.  I was not afraid of the battle.  I was sure that our smart robots and robot tigers could defeat those fish monsters.” Replies the action leader.
“According to your watching, was there any chance for those fish monsters to attack us closely?” I asks.
“Yes, there was a chance for two fish monsters to swallow Mei, narrow missing.” Replies the action leader.
“Really?  What happened next?” Asks Lily.
“Next?  Two of our smart robots launched counter-attack to fight those two fish monsters.  Mei was OK after our smart robots launched counter-attack.” Replies the action leader.
“Any other risks?” Asks Tony.
“No, our smart robots and robot tigers could protect us strongly.  Those fish monsters had no more chances to get closer to us.” Replies the action leader.
“No matter on land or in sea, we can really trust our smart robots and robot tigers to provide us strong protections.” I say.  Others agree.
“By the way, I have informed our mother spaceship that we are fine and will continue our journey.” Says the action leader.
After drying our clothes, we have our dinner prepared by Lily and Mei.  We sleep around the wild fire while our smart robots and robot tigers stand nearby to protect us.
79.Intermittent hot spring
Next morning after breakfast, we continue our journey.  At noon, we reach the top of a hill.
“Look!  There are some flashing spots over there.  What are they?” Mei yells to us after reaching the top first.
After hearing the yelling, we all hurry towards the top of the hill.
“Those flashing spots are very beautiful.  Hurry up!” Mei continues to yell to us.
After reaching the top of the hill, we are all attracted by those flashing spots at the foot of the hill.
“That plain is very special.  Those flashing spots must be many small holes pits with water.  Under sunshine, those water pits reflect light.” Sam says.
“It is my first time to see this.  It is interesting.  It could be seen in a far distance.” Replies Lily happily.
“Let us go down to there to have close look at them.  Maybe, we could find some fishes there.  We can have fish soup tonight.” Mei rushes towards the flashing spots happily.
“Let us go to catch some fishes.” Lily follows Mei happily. We all follow them to the flashing spots.
“Look!  The water is warm.  This must be a warm spring water area.” Lily yells to us after touching the water.
Very soon, we all reach the warm spring water area.  Lily and Mei start to play with each other with water.
Suddenly, the ground shakes.  At the same time, the ground starts to erupt many water columns which are as high as 100 meters.
We are all scared first.  Then, we all feel happy because we can feel that the water is warm.
“We are having warm water bath.” Mei yells to us happily.
We are surrounded by many warm spring water columns.  The warm spring water erupts towards sky and then, falls down.  Under the sunshine, it forms a huge water curtain.  We have bath inside the warm spring water curtain happily.
At this time, the whole area are covered with the eruption of warm spring water.  This sight is so spectacular.
After about two minutes, the eruption stops.  The water curtain disappears.  The whole ground is covered with running water.
There is a huge rainbow across sky under the sunshine.  The scene is changed so quickly that I feel being in two totally different worlds. We all stand there for a while without any moving.
“This is an intermittent hot spring.  It erupts for a while and stops for a while.  The scene is spectacular. I have never seen such kind of scene.  It is an enjoyable experience.” Lily says.
“That is true.  We can have warm spring bath for a while and have another sunshine bath immediately.  This is a paradise on this planet.  I really want to stay here forever.” Mei tells us happily.
“This is a paradise and I do not want to leave here, too.” Replies Tony with smile.
“It is amazing to know that this paradise is within our migration area.” Says Mei happily.
The running water disappears quickly.  We all sit on the ground enjoy sunshine bath before the eruption of spring water again.
“I feel so confortable in this sunshine bath.  Hopefully, I can always to have sunshine bath and warm spring water bath alternately. Let me enjoy my life here.” Lily tells us happily.
“I hope so, too.  The next warm spring water bath will come soon.” Replies Mei happily.
“If everybody likes here.  Let us camp nearby tonight.  There is a hill over there.  We can camp there.  We have plenty of time to enjoy sunshine bath and warm spring water bath.” The action leader tells us while pointing to a hill nearby.
“This is a good suggestion.  Let us camp here tonight.  Let us enjoy our lives here.” Lily replies happily.
“All of you play here.  Let me go to the hill to settle down with some helps from our robots and robot tigers.  I will join playing after set up our tents.” I tell everybody and walk towards the hill with our smart robots and robot tigers.
After reaching the top of the hill, I set up our tents with the helps from our robots and robot tigers.  The camping site could absolute meet the requirements of filed barracks.
At this time, the eruption of spring water starts.  A huge colorful rainbow crosses the sky.  Under the colorful rainbow, a water curtain rises abruptly.  The land is covered by white water curtain and colorful rainbow under sunshine.  The water vapor spreads towards all directions and it reaches our camping site.  I stand on the top of hill and have a vapor bath.
I can hear the playing sounds and noises coming from the water curtain. The happy atmosphere makes me want to join the playing.
After double checking the camping arrangement, I rush towards the water curtain.  All of sudden, the water curtain disappears.  My team mates still play with each other and the happy yelling spreads to a far distance. I rush into the crowd and join the playing.
Lily catches Mei from behind and struggle together on the ground with wet clothes.  We all laugh happily.
We stand there with wet clothes to enjoy the sunshine bath again.
“This is our wonder land.  Let us settle down here.  No need to return to earth anymore.  We can have warm spring water bath and sunshine bath here every day.” Lily says happily while lying down to enjoy sunshine.
“I agree.  Let us settle down on this planet.  We can live here forever, no need to return to earth.  If we leave here, we cannot find another place to have both warm spring water bath and sunshine bath.” Mei says happily while lying down on ground.
“If everybody loves here, it is easy to realize it since this spring water area is within our migration district.  We can all migrate to this planet together and settle down here.” Replies Sam with smile.
“Actually, this is a good idea.  We can all migrate here to build our new living paradise here so that we can enjoy double baths every day.” Replies Tony happily.
“We can also build a touring center here to entertain other migrates from earth, besides building our own living paradise.” I tell everybody and everybody agrees with me.
Later, the warm spring erupts again.  Almost instantly, a huge water curtain rises abruptly in front of us like a huge building.  A big color rainbow hangs across sky.  We play cat-mouse game among those water columns happily.  Sometimes, a person collides with a water column and drops down, rolling on the ground.  We all laugh happily.
This day, we play and have warm spring water bath and sunshine bath alternately.  
Finally, we come to our camping site. Lily and Mei prepare dinner for us while others chat near the dining table installed by our smart robots.
“Yesterday, we had a disaster.  Today, we have a happy time in this paradise.  It is amazing to have both in such a short period of time.” Tony says with smile.
“Yes.  Yesterday, we were buried underground.  It seemed to me that that was the last time left for us.  Finally, we escaped the disaster by jumping into sea.  Today, we enjoy warm spring water bath and sunshine bath all together.  This is an amazing experience.” Replies Sam happily.
“Yes, we are a lucky group of people.  We can always escape disasters. We are fated not to die.” Replies the action leader with smile.
“I agree.  We are fated not to die.  We have experienced many disasters but still, we can enjoy warm water bath and sunshine bath here happily.” Replies Tony with smile.
“Tell you the truth.  When we were buried underground, I really thought that we could not escape that disaster.  But after hearing the water running sound, I got hope.  I was sure that we could find an exit as long as there was running water underground.” I reply with smile.
“Tell you the truth.  At that time, I really did not believe that after jumping into sea, I could still be alive.  The opening was too high above sea level.” Replies Tony.
“At that time, I did not believe that, too, especially knowing that we would lose consciousness after jumping.  We are so lucky to be here to enjoy both baths.” Replies Sam.
“I knew that there would be no problems at all after jumping into sea because I had the same experience before.  I was sure that our smart robots could rescue us to a beach nearby.  I was also sure that our smart robots and robot tigers could protect us when we were in sea.” I tell everybody with smile.  All laugh happily.
“OK, dinner is ready.  All come to eat.” Lily yells to us.  We walk towards the table with plenty of foods and drinks.
After dinning, we are all tired.  We all lie down on individual air inflation bed comfortably.  I have a wonderful sleep under the rhythm eruption sound of intermission spring.  Since we are all in our tents, the moisture could not affect our sleeping.
After breakfast next morning, we pack our things and load them on our robot tigers.  Under the sunshine, we walk towards the foot of the hill.
80.Encounter volcano
“We must leave here now.  I will really miss every enjoyment here.” Mei tells us while walking downhill.
“Me, too.  It is so funny to play here, warm spring water bath every day. It is really a suitable place to have retirement life.” Tony replies.
“No need to feel sorry about leaving here.  There are still many places ahead for us to explore.  Maybe, we can find even more interesting place to stay, to have our retirement lives.” I console both of them.  Others agree with me.
This noon, we arrive at the edge of a small basin.
“Look! There is a water pool at the center of the small basin. It seems to me that the water temperature is very high.” Sam tells us while pointing forward.
“Yes, it is foggy above the pool surface.  It seems to me that the water is boiling.  We can boil eggs in the water.” Mei says with smile.
“Let us go have a close look at it.  Maybe we can find something pretty interesting.” Replies Tony.  We all follow him towards the water pool.
Mei takes a piece of sausage out and puts it into the boiling water.  Very soon, the sausage is well cooked.
“It is so delicious.” Mei says while eating the sausage.
“Let me try.” Lily tastes and say again, “It is really delicious.” 
“Everybody must be careful. Do not drop yourself into the boiling water. Otherwise, you will be cooked.” The action leader reminds us.
“The scenery here is very good.  Let us camp here tonight.” Lily suggests.
“It is a good place to camp.  Let us camp here.  We still have plenty of time to explore other places.” Mei replies.
At this time, the boiling water starts to emit vapor violently.  Very soon, the whole water pool emits vapor violently.  More and more boiling water comes to surface from ground.  The area of water pool becomes larger and larger.
“It is not a good idea to stay here.  It is dangerous to stay here. Let us leave here as quickly as possible.” Upon seeing the situation, the action leader reminds us to leave.
At this time, the boiling water starts to erupt into sky.
“Hurry up! Let us be on the backs of our robot tigers!  Let us run!” The action leader yells to us.  We all are on the backs of our robot tigers immediately. 
As we run away from the hot water pool, our smart robots run with us. At this time, the eruption of the water starts to become the eruption of volcano.  The eruption of volcano becomes stronger and stronger.  The volcano ash erupts into high sky.
“Hurry up!  Run fast!  Otherwise, we will be buried by volcano ash.” The action leader yells to us.  Our smart robot tigers carry us to run as fast as possible.
Gradually, large quantity of volcano ash falls onto to us.  In front, some areas are covered with volcano ash.  It seems to me that our troop will be buried by falling ash.
“Hurry up!  Hurry up!” We encourage each other constantly.
More and More volcano ash falls from sky.  The volcano ash on ground becomes thicker and thicker.  The speed of our robot tigers becomes slower and slower.  The sunny sky becomes dim sky.
“Look! There is a cave over there.  Let us go into the cave to escape the danger.” Tony tells us.  Without second thought, we all enter the cave.
Very soon, the entrance of the cave is buried by the volcano ash.  It is total dark inside the cave.  We turn on our portable torches.  The cave becomes bright.
This is a big cave.  It is very deep inside.  We all have our oxygen candies in our mouths to avoid being lack of natural oxygen.
Accompanying the eruption of volcano, there are also some small earthquake.  We can feel it inside the refuge cave.
“Let us leave this cave as soon as possible.  Otherwise, we could be buried inside this cave if there is a huge earthquake.” I remind everybody.
“I agree.  Let us leave this cave as soon as possible.” Tony agrees.
“OK, let us go forward to find another exit since the entrance has already been buried.” The action leader tells us.
Under the leadership of the action leader, we all walk forward to find if there are some other exits in this cave.
“Look!  There is a flashing point!  What is it inside this cave?  Is it from a big animal?” Lily yells to us while pointing to the front.
We stop immediately after seeing three flashing points.
“Maybe you are right.  Inside this cave, there are some creatures.  If that is true, we must be very careful.  Let our smart robots walk in front of us for safe reasons.” The action leader reminds us.
“I agree.  If we really come across some creatures, we should try our best to avoid annoying them.” Replies Tony.
At this time, the three flashing points move from left to right and then, from right to left.  This terrifies all of us.  We stop there without moving forward.
“We cannot spend too much time here.  We need to cross that flashing spot and move forward.” Mei tells us in a hurry.
“That is true.  We cannot go back.  We need to find some other exits as soon as possible.” Replies Lily.
“Do not be panic.  Let me go forward to have a close look.” Says the action leader.
Accompanying by a smart robot, the action leader walks towards the flashing points slowly.
The action leader comes back very soon.
“What is that?  A big animal?” Asks Sam in a hurry.
“It is hard to believe.  It is a dying amphibious monster.” Replies the action leader.
“The one we saw in the big water battle before?  Why does it come here to die?  This is just a cave.” Asks Tony.
“That is the one.  Although it blocks our way, it is not so dangerous. It is almost dead. When I approached it, it had no big response.” Replies the action leader.
“Maybe, this cave is the last place for those dying monsters.  They wish to spend their last journeys in their lives here without being disturbed by anything else.  This is a perfect place for those monsters to die in very old age.” I reply.
“So, this cave is their grave, their last destination.” Replies Mei.
“You get it right.  This is their last destination.” Replies the action leader.
“Maybe, we can pass it one by one slowly without disturbing it since it is almost dead.” Lily tells us and we all agree.
Under the leadership of the action leader, we line up and try to pass the dying monster one by one slowly.
“Wa!” All of a sudden, the dying monster makes a big noise and moves its big flat head.  We move back upon seeing this.
“We cannot be blocked by a dying monster here.” Mei says.
“We will go forward, just be patient.  We need to take some preventive actions to avoid bad results.  Otherwise, we could be attacked by this dying monster.” Replies the action leader.
“We can use our narcosis gun to shoot it.  After it falls into sleep, we can pass it safely.” I suggest and all agree.
The action leader takes out a narcosis gun and moves forward with a smart robot.  He opens three shoots to the dying monster.  Very soon, the dying monster falls into sleep.  We pass the dying monster safely.
On our way to finding other exits, we find some big skeletons.  I assume that they are skeletons of amphibious monsters.
“This is a very long cave.  Still, there is no end of it.  Let us have a rest.  I am too tired.” Lily says.
“OK, let us have a ten minutes break here.” The action leader agrees.
Since we all have oxygen candies in our mouths, we have enough oxygen. Ten minutes later, we move on.
“Until now, I really do not know where we are heading on.  Is it towards heaven? Or, is it towards hell?” Asks Tony.
“Hopefully, this is a way to heaven.” Replies Mei.
“Take it easy.  We have had some many bad experiences since we left our earth.  It will be fine this time. We will find a way out to heaven.” I console them.
The small earthquakes created by the eruption of volcano continue.  We are all afraid of being buried inside the cave.  We continue our journey silently.
Finally, we stop.
“OK, we arrive at the end of the cave.  Let us try here to see if we can find an exit or not.” Says Sam.
“This is the end of this cave.  We must find an exit.  Otherwise, this could be our last destination.” Replies Lily with low mood.
“Or, maybe, we can go back to the entrance of the cave.  Maybe, we could find a way out.” Says Tony.
“Let me check here first.” After saying, I walk forward to check.
After a short period of time,, I find hopes.
“Do need to worry.  I find something good here.” I yell to everybody happily.
“What do you find?” Mei asks in a hurry.
“I find that the wall of the cave is rock but the front blocking material is not rock.  It is volcano ash.  It is new volcano ash.  This is what I expect.” I tell everybody happily.
“So, it was an exit before.  It is blocked by volcano ash now.” Replies the action leader.
“That is what I mean.  I am sure that this old exit is far away from the volcano.  So, the blocking ash should not be very thick. We can make a open here to escape.” I tell others happily.
“That is fantastic.  If the volcano ash is new, it is easy to dig an opening here.  We are saved!” Sam yells to us happily.
“OK, if that is so, our smart robots can do the digging job.” Replies Mei happily.
“This is a good news indeed.  We can escape here finally.” Lily yells happily.
Since the blocking material is new volcano ash, it is easy for our smart robots to dig an opening.  Not long later, we can feel fresh air coming in.
“Look! I can see the stars hanging in the night sky outside. It is such a wonderful feeling to see the stars again.  The night sky is so beautiful that I will never forget.” Says Mei with sigh.
“Me, too.  We are lucky again to escape the dangers and see those stars hanging on night sky. The feeling is so wonderful.” Replies Sam.
Very soon, we all crawl out of the cave through the opening created by our smart robots.  We stand on the volcano ash ground in the middle of the small mountain.  On the foot of the small mountain, the whole valley is covered by new volcano ash.
“We are lucky to dig an opening through this volcano ash wall.  Thanks to the location of this blocked exit.  It is half way in the small mountain.  If it is at the foot of the small mountain, the volcano ash must be very thick.  If that is true, it is hard for our smart robots to dig an opening.  By the way, I need to inform our mother spaceship about our situation.  Otherwise, the captain will worry about us.” The action leader replies and starts to communicate with our mother spaceship.
“I agree.  If the exit is at the foot of the small mountain, we will be in big trouble.” Replies Tony.
“OK, I have communicated with our captain.  They can provide helps at any time.  Under present circumstances, we can still continue our land survey journey.” The action leader tells us.
81.Lake split
At this time, the volcano stops. The earthquake stops.  The night land is full of silver moonshine.  The quietness falls onto the land again.
“We are lucky to escape the danger again.  We will have happy future later.” Says Sam.
“The volcano ash covers almost all the small mountain but still, we can escape the danger.  I can write a novel based on this experience later.” Replies Mei.
“Let us camp here since we are all very tired.” The action leader suggests.
“OK, I agree.  I am too tired to move forward.  Let us camp here.” Lily replies.
“Yes, after hearing your suggestion, I feel very tired, too.  I need a long rest.” Replies Mei.
With the helps from our smart robots, we have hot meals half way in the small mountain.  After dinning, we put some army blankets on top of the volcano ash.  We all lie down on the blankets to have good sleeps.  Our smart robots stand around us to protect us.
Next morning after breakfast, we descend the small mountain.  Finally, after leaving the small mountain, we find a new small mountain in front of us.
“Look at this small mountain.  It is new.  There was no mountain here before.  It is amazing.  Where does it come from?” Says Sam while pointing to the new mountain.
“It must come from the eruption rocks of the volcano.  This is a very special small mountain.” Replies Mei.
“It is a masterpiece of mother nature.  It rises abruptly.  This is still a volcano.” Replies Lily.
“Those solidified rocks and those volcano ash make this small mountain spectacular.  It is barren now but it will be covered with all kinds of vegetation very soon.” Replies Tony.
“I believe this.  The volcano ash contains plenty of elementary substances for vegetation to survive.  Maybe later, there will be forest here.” I reply.
“Let us go there to take a close look.” The action leader tells us.
Under the leadership of the action leader, we climb to the top of the new small mountain.  Still, I can feel the warm temperature on my way to the top.
“Here is the crater of the volcano.  It is still eject hot vapor.  Maybe, there will be another eruption.” Tony reminds us while watching the crater carefully.
“It is a reasonable concern.  We should not stay here too long.” Replies Sam.
“Let me take a close look first.  Yesterday, it erupted hot rocks.  Today, it becomes a pool of hot water.  It is amazing.” Lily says.
“This small mountain rises abruptly about one hundred meters above ground.” Says Mei.
“Look at the old mountain.  It seems to me that it is lower than it was before.” Tony tells us while pointing to the old small mountain.
“It is true.  It becomes lower.  The top of the old small mountain collapsed.” Replies Sam.
“Probably, the top of the old small mountain collapsed because of the earthquakes.  The old small mountain becomes lower because those rocks and volcano ash were erupted out.  Besides, the old small mountain becomes fat due to the coverage of volcano ash.” Lily replies with smile and we all laugh.
“Let us leave here now before it erupts again.” Mei reminds us.
We descend the small mountain and come to a plain.
It is about dusk when we reach the coast of the sea.
“Look! It must be a lake.  The waves flash under sunshine of sunset. Let us go there to take a look.” Lily tells us while pointing to the flashing area in front.
“That flashing area is big.  Maybe, there are strange marine creatures in that lake.” Replies Tony.
We follow Lily and reach the lakeside.  Under the sunshine of sunset, the flashing waves on the surface of the lake become so beautiful.
“This is a wonderful sight.  This is a small hill by the lakeside.  Not far from here, it is sea.  Under the sunshine of sunset, the lake surface is full of flashing waves and the sea surface is full of flashing waves. This is a paradise.” Mei praises the environment.
“It is indeed a paradise place to live. Let us stay here for a longer time.  Let me taste if the lake water is salty or not.” Tony walks towards the edge of the lake and puts some water into his mouth to taste.
“It is salty.” Tony yells to us after tasting.
“Look! The surface of lake is higher than the surface of sea.  Maybe some water comes from another source, not just from sea.” Tony tells us.
“That is true.  The lake surface is much higher than that of sea.  When in high tide, sea water can pour into the lake. This is one reason.” I reply.
“Or maybe, before, the lake was connected with the sea.  After some change of landform, the lake was disconnected with the sea. It became a salty lake” Replies Mei.
“And also later, more rains fall down to rise the lake level.” Lily says with smile.  We agree.
“Let us camp here this time since everybody loves here.” The action leader suggests and we all agree.
Our smart robots start to set up camping while Lily and Mei prepare dinner for us.  Very soon, we sit around the portable dinner table to enjoy our delicious meals.
Gradually, setting sun moves towards the horizon closer and closer.  The flashing waves of the lake show different patterns due to different sunshine angles.  The landscape is so wonderful.
“Look at those different flashing patterns of those waves.  It is fantastic.” Tony praises the landscape while enjoying his meal.
“Of course it is wonderful while enjoying delicious meal and wonderful landscape.” Sam replies with smile.  We all laugh.
Later, the setting sun disappears under the horizon.  Some stars show themselves in the sky.  One bigger and one smaller, one close and one far away, two moons appear from different directions above horizon.
“With double moons and some bright stars, the quiet night sky deludes us to folly.” Mei talks to herself.
We sleep by the lakeside with silver moonshine covering land.  Our smart robots stand around us to protect us.
Next morning when I wake up, I find that Lily and Mei prepare breakfast for us while others still sleep.
“How were your sleeps last night?” I walk to Lily and Mei and ask.
“Very good.  How about you?” Lily replies to me with smile.
“Me, too.  I also had a sweet dream.” I replies with smile.
“Dreaming about Mei?” Lily makes a joke.
“Joking me again!” Mei gives Lily a punch on her shoulder.  We all laugh.
“Actually, I dreamed that there was a small hill appearing in the middle of the lake.  We were all on the hill.  There were plenty of big golden fishes swimming around the hill.  This is a paradise in dream.” I reply with smile.
“Oh, maybe that dream means that you want to eat fish.  It was not a dream of dating Mei.  That disappoints me very much.” Lily makes a joke and we all laugh.
The others wake up.  We all sit around the dining table by lakeside to have our breakfasts while chatting.
“I had a dream last night, too.  In my dream, there were two amphibious monsters crawling out of the lake and tried to catch Mei. I was scared to wake up at that point.” Sam tells us his dream after hearing my dream. We all laugh.
Suddenly, the ground shakes violently.
“Bad news, earthquake again.  Sit on the ground to avoid dropping down.” The action leader reminds us and we all follow his instruction.
The earthquake shakes the lake so violently that the lake seems to me to pour all the water on us.
Suddenly, there is a huge noise coming from the lake.  The bottom of the lake breaks to have a huge crack.  Very soon, all the lake water disappears through the huge crack.  There is water anymore in the lake.
“Look!  There is an amphibious monster lying on the bed of the lake.” Mei yells to us while we all lie down on ground.
The amphibious monster jumps up suddenly and runs towards the sea nearby while the ground shakes due to the big earthquake.  It staggers towards the sea as fast as it can.  It jumps into the sea as soon as it reaches beach.
Five minutes later, the huge earthquake stops.  Everything happens so quickly.  We witness the staggering monster running away with astonishment.
“I wish that I am not in a dream.  Everything happens so quickly beyond my comprehension.” I talk to myself after a while.
“It changes so fast that I cannot believe what I see.  That monster runs so fast.  Its four short legs run just like a machine.” Mei replies.
“What we see here is true.  We cannot all have the same dream like this.” The action leader reminds us.
“No matter it is a dream or not.  The most important thing is that we are here safe.” Lily replies.
“I am still amazed by the escaping speed of that four legs amphibious monster.  It can not only swim in water with high speed but also run on land with high speed.  It took it such a short time to run to the beach and jump into sea.  It is amazing to witness such quick actions.” Tony says with sigh.
“The desire to survive plays the key role here.  In order to escape the dangers and survive, it must run as fast as it could. It must break the running record of any animals in universe.” Sam makes a joke and we all laugh.
The lake is lack of water and the ripping waves disappear without a trace. There is a huge crack across the bottom of the lake.  All the water of the lake runs into the huge crack.
“My sweet dream before is over.” I say with sigh.
“What is that?” Asks Mei.
“There were small island in the middle of the lake which was full of water in my dream last night.  Now, there is no water and island.  My sweet dream is over.” I reply with smile and all laugh.
At this time, the tidal wave caused by the earthquake comes.
“No need to worry.  The tidal wave is not so big.  All the water will enter the empty lake.  We are safe here.” The action leader consoles us.  We just move towards the small hill behind us.
Very soon, many tidal waves run into the lake with huge crack.  Since the crack is so big that most of the water run into the crack directly.  Sometimes, the lake is full of water.  Sometimes, the lake is without water.
“The lake becomes an intermittent lake, sometimes with water, sometime without water.  It becomes an wonderful landscape.” Lily says.
“That is true.  There is geyser and there is intermittent lake.” Sam replies with smile.
“The crack at the bottom of the lake is too big.  Unless there are plenty of water rushing into the lake, the lake is without water.  All water runs into the crack and leaves the lake almost instantly.” I reply.
“Look！ There is another amphibious monster being pushed into the lake by tidal wave.” Mei yells to us while pointing to the monster.
Near the lake, an amphibious monster runs into the lake with those tidal wave.
The monster rolls with tidal waves and struggles to try to get balance and escape into sea.  No matter how hard it tries, it cannot escape the entanglement of tidal waves.  It enters the lake with tidal waves helplessly.
At this time, the water in the lake is not so deep.  The monster rushes towards the edge of the lake before second huge wave comes.  As soon as it reaches the edge near the sea, another huge wave pushes it into the lake again.  After a long struggle with the coming tidal waves, the monster runs out of the lake and jumps into the sea finally.  We all stand on the hill and witness the struggle of the monster with tidal waves.
“The monster is very tough.  It never gives up while fighting with the tidal waves.  Finally, it returns to the sea and gets its freedom.” Mei says with sigh.
“It is amazing.  The fighting spirit of the monster makes people admire it.  It escapes the danger and will have good future.” Lily replies with sigh.
When there are no more tidal waves coming, the lake becomes a lake without water.  We can see the huge crack at the bottom of the lake.
“OK, let us continue our trip.” The action leader reminds us.  
We leave the lake after putting everything on the backs of our robot tigers.
82.Seabed exploration
“Since we are here now, I have another suggestion.” I give my suggestion shortly after moving.
“What is your new idea? Tell us more so that we can discuss it.” Mei asks with smile.
“Yes, tell us more about new idea.  Maybe we can use it.” Lily replies with smile.
“Maybe, we can explore seabed this time since we are here now.  I am sure that we can find something interesting during the seabed exploration.” I say.
“If we want to explore the seabed, we need some diving equipment.  Otherwise, how could we do that?” Asks Sam.
“It is easy to solve this problem.  If everybody really wants to explore the seabed, I can ask the captain to send the diving equipment to us by our planet landing ship.” Replies the action leader.
“Let us do it.  At the same time, we can play underwater to have some new experiences so that I can write a book after returning to earth.” Replies Lily.  All agree.
“Ok, in this way, let us contact the captain to ask him to send some diving equipment to us.” Replies the action leader.
Not long later, our planet landing ship sends some diving equipment to us.  After unloading the diving suits, the planet landing ship returns to our mother spaceship.
“OK, our diving suits are ready.  Let us go to beach.” The action leader tells us.
We walk towards the beach nearby when our robot tigers carry those diving suits.
After reaching the beach, we put on diving suits.  With accompanying by our smart robots, we walk into sea.  Our robot tigers just wait for us on the beach.
“Let us connect each other by the connecting belts in order to avoid dangers underwater.  Let our smart robots be around us to protect us underwater.” The action leader tells us.  We all connect with each other according to the instruction from action leader.
The diving suit is a kind of mini submarine.  There is a mini propeller at the back of the diving suit so that we can move easily underwater.  In addition to the oxygen provided by the diving suit, we can also get oxygen by oxygen candies.  There are strong lights on the shoulders, chest, back and legs.  These lights can light up the whole area nearby.
Under water, we get no disturbances from those marine creatures due to the protection provided by our smart robots.
Under the guidance of the action leader, we walk towards an small underwater hill.  One smart robot walks in front of us. One smart robot walks behind us. One smart robot walks on our left and one on our right. There is also one smart robot diving above us.  In this pattern, we have all protections from all directions.
We continue our trip underwater safely.
Around the small underwater hill, there are underwater plants and vegetation.  After reaching the small underwater hill, we sit there to have a rest.  Our smart robots stands around us to provide protection.
“Look at the area above us.  We can still see some sunshine penetrating the water.  It is a wonderful landscape.  It seems to me that I am in a crystal palace.” Mei tells us in our communication system.
“It is not so deep here.  We can still see some sun lights.  It is not dark here. I can still see those plants and vegetation near us.” Lily replies.
At this time, an amphibious monster swims towards us.  Upon seeing the coming monster, two of our smart robots turn on all the high energy lights and dive towards the monster.  It seems to me that there are two big bright monster diving towards the amphibious monster. 
The amphibious monster sees the approaching of two bright smart robots. It is scared and makes a sharp turn to escape.
“Our smart robots are so powerful that the amphibious monster is afraid of them.  In its mind, our smart robots are another kind of big monsters.” Tony says with smile.
“Our smart robots have high energy laser guns.  If they open fires, they could kill the amphibious monster.  Look at the shoulders, the chest, the waist and the legs.  There are so many strong lights.  Our smart robots are big monsters if all the lights are on.  They can scare any creatures to death.” Sam replies with smile.
“That is true.  If our smart robots really take actions against those monsters, no monsters can match our smart robots.” I reply with smile.
“When all the lights are on, our smart robots are monsters, too.  If I meet our smart robots in this face, I will be scared to death.” Mei replies with smile.  We all laugh.
We sit on the underwater hill for a while.  Under the leadership of the action leader, we continue our trip and arrive at an underwater cave.
“Do we have to enter the cave?  I have a bad feeling about it. I do not know why.” Asks Lily while we are around the cave.
“If we all enter the cave, we will all be buried inside if there is a big earthquake.  It could be a nightmare for all of us.  It is better for us not to enter the cave.” Replies Mei with some worries.
“Both of you are right. Let us send a smart robot into the cave first while we wait outside. We can view the inside of the cave through the portable camera on the body of our smart robot.  In this way, we can minimize the risks.” The action leader replies and we all agree.
One of our smart robot enters the cave slowly.  Under the strong light on robot body, we can view the details of the cave through the portable camera on its body.
According to the image from our smart robot, we can see that there is a big marine creature deep in the hole.  The marine creature is about five meters in width, five meters in length and one meter in height.  It looks like a big shell creature on our earth.  Our smart robot takes out a big object with the size of a coconut from the open mouth of the shell creature. Since the huge shell blocks the way further inside, our smart robot has to retreat.
After coming back, the smart robot hands the object to the action leader.
“Look!  This is a huge pearl!” The action leader yells to us in our communication system while holding the huge pearl.
“Let me see!  Let me see!  Wa, it is amazing to see such a huge pearl. We make a fortune again.” Lily yells to us while watching the huge pearl. We all laugh.
“Do not be so exiting first!  Let us take a close look at it first.” I tell everybody.
“What do you think?  Any good idea?” Mei asks me in a hurry.
“It is easy to test it.  Let us turn off all of those lights except the one held by Mei.” I reply.
Everybody turns off the lights except Mei.  Under the dim water, the huge pearl reflects bright green light.  The green light lights the environment.  Everybody’s face is lighted up when every face faces the pearl.  Green light also penetrates the dim water in a further distance.  The scene is amazing.  I make a video recording so that I can broadcast in our own TV system in our mother spaceship.
“It is fantastic.  The reflecting green light is amazing.  The huge pearl can reflect light in such a distance.” Upon seeing the situation, Mei is astonished and says so.
“This has been the best gain of this seabed exploration, at least until now.” I say.
“Yes, it is worth to have this seabed exploration even if we have only this result.” Sam yells to us and we all laugh.
“Let us use another way to check this giant pearl.” I say.
“Do you have another way to do so?” Asks Mei.
“It is easy.  Let us use very week light to illuminate the giant pearl. Let us see what will happen.” I say.
Under very dim water, the green light from the pearl looks even beautiful.
“This is a night luminescent pearl. This is a priceless treasure.” Lily says with sigh.
Maybe because of the green light from the giant pearl, some marine creatures are attracted to swim to us.  In order to protect ourselves, we turn on all the strong lights to expel them.
At the same time, there are some lights continuing to move towards us.
“Look! What are those lights?  It is scaring.” Mei asks in a hurry.
Those lights still continue to swim to us gradually.
“It looks like some amphibious monsters swimming towards us.  It is hard to imagine that there are some many amphibious monsters under water.” The action leader tells us.
“No need to worry about that.  We have our smart robots to protect us. Let our smart robots turn on all the strong lights so that those amphibious monsters can see our robot monsters here.  In this way, those amphibious monsters will not attack us.” I say.
Our underwater environment turns into a bright underwater world instantly after our smart robots turn on all the strong light.  All of our smart robots turn out to be bright monsters.
Upon seeing the situation, those amphibious monsters stop approaching us. They move around us in a distance.  Although they do not attack us, they still do not want to leave.
“Maybe those monsters still want to eat us.  They still want to stay here. What should we do next?” Lily asks anxiously.
“We can let our smart robots fire their laser guns but do not kill them. If those monsters are wounded, they will swim away because of the pains.” I tell everybody.
“OK, let us try this.  We use this way to drive those monsters away. If they still do not leave, we can find some other ways to scare them away.” Agrees the action leader.
After opening fires by our smart robots, those amphibious monsters are scared away.
“OK, no need to worry about those amphibious monsters any longer.  Let us have a rest first before continuing our journey.” The action leader tells us. We all sit down on the seabed to have a rest.
We continue our seabed exploration after rest.  After turning a corner around a huge rocky, we come across an oceanic trench. We enter the trench and continue our trip under the light shine of our portable torches.
“Bad news, our guiding system is out of order.” Suddenly, the action leader tells us while walking in front of us.
“Without guiding system, we cannot go anywhere.  Let us leave here and return.” I suggest.
“I agree.  It is a big trouble without guiding system.  For our own safety, let us leave here.” Lily agrees.
At this time, there are some noise coming from our communication system. Our communication system is also out of order.
Upon knowing the results of our guiding system and communication system, we look at each other.  I feel a little bit scared.  This is under water, not on land.  If we are trapped here, we could meet big trouble.  At this time, we cannot report our situation to our mother spaceship, too.
The action leader uses his hand sign to ask us to follow him.  We try to leave the place by following the coming path.
All of a sudden, there is a huge net coming from top.  The net covers all of us in the oceanic trench.  
When we are all astonished, there is a mini-submarine passing the top of us.  We are all panic even if we cannot communicate with each other.
Thanks to the net itself, the net is not so strong.  Our smart robots open fires to break the net.  We are all out finally.
Although we cannot communicate with each other, we all know that this is a strong signal to us from whatever intelligent creatures.  The net and the mini-submarine give us a warning signal to ask us leave here.
We do not know exactly which direction we should go since our guiding system is still out of order.  An amphibious monster appears nearby. This monster swims around us for a circle and moves to another direction slowly.
We still stay at the same place without moving.
The monster swims back again, around us for a circle, moving towards the same direction as before slowly.
I have a strong feeling that the monster tries to give us a signal.  The action leader also realizes this signal.  He gives us a gesture to follow him. We walk towards the direction following the monster.
The monster comes back again.  It swims around us for a circle and swims in front of us very slowly.  We follow the monster continuously until we reach a shallow area under sea level.  The amphibious monster leaves us finally.
In the shallow area, our guiding system and communication system resume functions.  We keep on walking until we reach a beach.  We take off our diving suits and lie down on the beach.
“It is a very strange experience in the underwater world. It is hard to believe that we could come across an artificial net and mini-submarine.” Sam tells us while enjoying sunshine lying down on the beach.
“Our guiding system and communication system were all out of order inside the oceanic trench. At that time, I was really afraid of being death underwater.  I feel even more scared when we are trapped at the bottom of sea than we are on land.” Tony tells us.
“I am sure that we were in a special district in the underwater world. Otherwise, there would be no net and mini-submarine appearing there.” I tell everybody while enjoying my sunshine.
“I agree. In that specific area, our guiding system and communication system were out of order.  Obviously, there was a strange force which controlled the whole process. We were not welcome to enter that special area.  They let us leave without hurting us.  We were lucky at that time.” The action leader agrees with me.
“True.  That big net was not a nature one.  That mini-submarine was a man-made machine.  All of those things sent us a message, not to stay there.  Thanks to the amphibious monster.  It led us to here.” Replies Lily.
“It was strange for that monster to lead our way out.  It did not want to attack us.  It must be controlled or trained by some special high intelligent creatures.” Replies Mei.
“That amphibious monster must received some kinds of special trainings.  Otherwise, naturally, it cannot lead our way out. Remember, it came back twice in order to attract our attentions.” I say.
“I agree. Our action leader is very smart.  He got the message and led us follow the monster leaving the place.” Lily replies with smile.
“At that time, I felt very strange.  Why did this monster swim to us twice slowly?  Obviously, it tried to send us some messages.  All of a sudden, I realized that It could be here to lead our way out. So, I asked everybody to follow the monster.” The action leader replies while enjoying his sunshine.
“In that underwater world, there must be some special areas. Maybe we should avoid going there to explore it. If we enter those secret area by mistakes, it is hard to say that we can go out again.” I remind everybody.  Everybody agrees.
“I am sure that there are high intelligent creatures in the underwater world to make the big net and the mini-submarine.  Are they underwater aliens?” Sam asks mysteriously.
“It is hard to tell.  We know somethings about the surface of this planet.  We know nothing about the underwater world.  Are they the same aliens on the ground and underwater? I do not know.” Replies Tony.
“I will not be surprised if there are new kind of aliens in the underwater world.  They must be very smart so that they can make that big net and build that mini-submarine if those aliens on land can build UFO.” Lily replies firmly.
“I hold the same opinion as Lily.  There could be smart underwater aliens on this planet.” Replies Mei.
“It is very strange that those friendly aliens on land never told us about underwater aliens, not even mentioning the underwater world.” I reply.
“IF there are any messages, our action leader should be the first one to know.” Mei says.
“No, I got no message about underwater world or underwater aliens from those friendly aliens on land.” Replies the action leader.
“Is there really an underwater world on this planet?  Are there really some intelligent underwater aliens in this underwater world?  It is amazing to even imagine it.” Lily asks curiously.
“It is hard to say.  Since there are high intelligent aliens on ground, there could be high intelligent aliens underwater.  It is hard for our human beings on earth to create an underwater world.  Maybe it is easy for those aliens on this planet to create an underwater world.” Replies Sam and we all agree.
“Since there are universes out of our universe, there could be many mysterious worlds in universe.  They need us to explore them in future. We can take covers out of those mysterious world one by one.” I say.
“I agree.  We need to explore more about those mysterious worlds.  But no matter what we want to do, we cannot annoy those aliens on this planet. We need to keep the friendly relationship with the aliens on this planet. Otherwise, we could be in huge trouble.” Replies Sam.
“That is absolute true.  We cannot pay the price to damage the friendly relationship with the aliens on this planet.  Otherwise, we will die without a grave.” Replies Mei.
“By the way, even if we want to explore the underwater world, those underwater aliens do not welcome us to do so.” Says Tony.  We all agree.
“Since we are all tired, let us camp on this beach tonight. We can return to our mother spaceship tomorrow.” Suggests the action leader.  We all agree.
This afternoon, we all lie down on the beach to enjoy sunshine.  Our smart robots stand around us to protect us.
At dusk, the beautiful setting sun moves close to the sea surface, just a little above horizon.  Lily and Mei start to prepare dinner for us.
After dinner, I lie down on the beach.  The setting sun shines the small white cloud in sky, shining the sea waves with flashing pattern.  Gradually, I fall into sleep.
After waking up, I can see the sky with two moons, one larger and one smaller, one further away and one close to ground.  There are also some bright stars flashing in the night sky. Under the moonshine, the sea waves collides with coast gently.  The others still sleep soundly.
I feel hungry.  I walk towards the portable dining table to find some foods to eat while enjoying the beauty of the environment.
At this time, I find one amphibious monster climbing onto the beach. I am scared when glancing at the monster.  I feel easy again after seeing that two smart robots walking towards the monster.
Our smart robots stretch their arms and legs to become two high monsters. Maybe our smart robots are too frightening. The amphibious monster stops moving forward.  Slowly, it retreats into water again.
The other people still sleep soundly.  They do not know that there is a monster trying to approach us.
After finishing my foods, I lie down to have a good sleep until the sun rises.
When I wake up again, I find the breakfasts are ready by Lily and Mei. We eat, chatting, enjoying the beautiful surroundings.
“Tell you a truth.  Last night, there was an amphibious monster coming from the sea, trying to catch Mei.” I make a joke on Mei.
“Do not scare me.  I was scared to death already when we were at the oceanic trench.” Mei gives me punch on my shoulder and we all laugh.
“That is true.” I tell them what I saw last night.  I show the video recording made by our smart robots to everybody.  Everybody feels strange but not scared because everybody is sure that our smart robots can protect us without any questions under such circumstance.
“According to our initial plan, we have completed our land exploring mission.  If nobody has any new idea, we can return to our mother spaceship soon. Do you want to walk to our mother spaceship or have our planet landing ship to take us home?  If you want to go home by taking planet landing ship, let us contact our captain first.” After the breakfast, the action leader asks us.
“I have enough walking.  Let us go home by our planet landing ship.” Lily replies first with smile.
“I agree.  I am tired of walking anymore. Let us go home by landing ship.” Mei replies immediately.
“Besides, if we carry our huge pearl with us on land, we could be robbed . Let us go home by landing ship.” Tony says and we all laugh.
“OK, if everybody wants to go home by landing ship, let me ask the captain to send our planet landing ship here to pick us up, also with our diving suits.” Replies the action leader.
83.Seabed world
Suddenly, the ground shakes.  I lose my conscious instantly.
When I wake up again, I find that I am in a kind of crystal underwater room.  All the walls are transparent. The transparent door enters a big transparent hall.  There is nobody, no any creature in the big hall. The room and the big hall are lighted up. I can see all kinds of marine creatures swimming around.
In this transparent room, the others still do not wake up.  There are no smart robots, robot tigers and diving suits in this room, only six persons.
After another long period of time, the others wake up.
“What happened before?  I still feel being in a dream.” Mei asks while still being in a daze.
“I do not know, too.  I still remember that when the ground shaked, I lost my consciousness.” I tell Mei.
“That is my memory, too. It feels like a dream.” Replies Tony.
 “Look at those marine creatures around this transparent structure. We are in the underwater world.” Says the action leader.
“Yes, we are.  I do not know who did this to us, by those underwater aliens?” Lily asks curiously.
“Obviously, this is not an accident. We are kidnapped by somebody. I do not know why they did this and who did this. Will they hurt us?” Asks Sam.
“Maybe, those underwater aliens are very interested in our human beings from earth. They want to do some studies on us.” Replies Tony.
“I do think so, too. I have a strong feelings about this.  They try to know more about human beings on earth.” Lily agrees.
“No matter what, those underwater aliens are not hostile to us.  Otherwise, they could put us into sleep forever.” Replies Mei and we all agree.
“OK, if they want to know more about us, we can take this opportunity to know more about them. This is a double benefits situation.” I say.  They all agree.
At this time, the room becomes dark.  I smell a strange smell and feel tired again.  I can tell that all others have the same feeling as mine.
Without any sound, the door connecting with the transparent big hall opens.  Two aliens come into the dark transparent room quietly.  Since it is dark, I cannot see the faces clearly.  I feel that I am held by the two aliens to walk towards the door.
After entering the big transparent hall, I come to another transparent room.  I sit on a chair with a helmet on my head.  I lose my consciousness again.
When I wake up again, I am in the original room.  The others still sleep.
After a while, Mei wakes up first.
“I feel that I walked into another room with the helps from two underwater aliens.  When I wake up again, I am in this room again.” I tell Mei.
“Me, too.  I was in another room with a kind of helmet on my head. I can only remember this. When I wake up again, I am here now.” Mei tells me.
“I guess that the others have the same experiences as ours.  Look. They are still sleeping. When they wake up, we can ask them.” I tell Mei.
“OK, I am sure that they have the same experiences.” Replies Mei.
“Why did they take us to another room one by one?” Asks Mei.
“I guess that they want to know something about our heads by putting the helmet on our heads one by one.  The helmet is a kind of instrument to study our heads.” I reply.
“I think so, too.  They are very interested in our human beings from earth.” Mei agrees with me.
Gradually, all others wake up.  I and Mei tell them about our experiences.
“Yes, I have the same experience as yours.  I am sure that those underwater aliens used that helmet to scan our heads to get some information.” Replies the action leader.  All agree.
“It is good to say that until now, those underwater aliens have been ok to us.  They do not want to hurt us now.” Says Tony with smile.
“It is hard to say now. We do not know if there are side effects after wearing the helmet from them. We need to know how to return to ground.” Replies Lily with smile.
“Yes, it is hard to say.  Maybe we all will grow another head out from everybody’s shoulder later.  Maybe the side effect is for us to become double heads monsters” Replies Sam with smile.  We all laugh.
“When could we return to ground?  It is hard to tell. Maybe, those underwater aliens want to keep us here forever.” Replies Lily.
“Do not scare me.  I really do not want to stay here forever.” Replies Mei in a hurry.
“I guess that we will soon return to ground because those underwater aliens have already scanned our heads.  There is no need for them to keep us here for a long time. Do not scare ourselves.” I console everybody.
“I regain my confidence after hearing what you say.” Replies Mei with smile.  We all laugh.
“Look at those marine creatures.  They are colorful. I have never seen them before.” Mei tells us.
“Those marine animals and marine vegetation are different from those on our earth.” Replies Lily.
I fall into sleep again while listening to other’s chatting.
I do not know how long it passes when I realize that I am supported by two underwater aliens to walk towards a touring vehicle in a daze.
The transportation vehicle is transparent.  It is divided into some small spaces.  Every small space can only sit one person.  I am supported by two aliens to sit down on a chair with seat belt in one small space. I realize that all of us are on this touring vehicle.
After closing the door, the touring vehicle moves inside the big transparent hall for a while.
There are many small transparent rooms inside this big transparent hall. Inside those small transparent rooms, there are some figures moving around, maybe some underwater aliens.  When I look at top, I can see many unknown marine animals swimming around slowly.  Some of those marine animals are as big as elephant on our earth.
After touring the big transparent hall, the touring vehicle carries us into an underwater transparent tunnel. I can see outside underwater world while sitting inside the touring vehicle.  Maybe for curiosity, those marines animals swim towards the transparent underwater tunnel to watch us.
Around the underwater transparent tunnel, there are many colorful lights. Those colorful lights shine the surroundings so that I can see the gorgeous underwater environment clearly.
In this colorful underwater world, there are some isolated half round transparent small rooms.  Inside those transparent half round small rooms, I can see some underwater aliens working there.  Among those isolated half round transparent small rooms, there are some underwater aliens swimming around slowly. Some of the underwater aliens wave to us while our transparent touring vehicle passes them.
After travelling inside the transparent underwater tunnel for a while, the touring vehicle stops near an underwater volcano.  Seeing through the transparent wall, I can see that the water around the underwater volcano is boiling.  Many boiling bubbles rise towards the surface of sea.
After passing the underwater volcano, the touring vehicle reaches an oceanic trench.  The trench is wide, deep and long.  On the edge of the oceanic trench, there is an underwater forest.  There are some marine animals traveling around the underwater forest. There are also some underwater aliens swimming to or from the oceanic trench. Since the underwater world is shined by colorful lights, I can see around clearly.
After leaving the oceanic trench, the touring vehicle enters an underwater forest by the transparent underwater tunnel.
Inside the underwater forest, I can see all kinds of marine animals swimming around.  There is a huge shell with the size of five meter in diameter near the transparent tunnel.  It opens its big red mouth and I can see a huge pearl inside.  Under the colorful light shining, the huge pearl reflects green light.
After passing through the underwater forest inside the transparent underwater tunnel, the touring vehicle returns to the starting place inside the big transparent hall.
I fall into sleep immediately the vehicle stops.
When I wake up again, I find myself lying on a beach near the sea.
Upon seeing two moons in the night sky, I sit up and take a look at my surrounding.
All others still sleep soundly.  Looking even further away, I see a big hole on the beach.  I guess that it is the hole passing us to the underwater world.
By waiting for a long time, the others wake up.
“How do you feel now? Look!  We are on the beach again.  It is just like a dream.  I leave here in my dream and return here in my dream.” I ask everybody.
“I feel very fine, just a little bit tired.  My mind is clear.  It seems to me that I have a sleepwalking. I was in an underwater world in a daze.  I am here after waking up.” Replies Mei.
“Yes, that was a mysterious underwater world.  Those are special underwater aliens, too.” I reply.
“I am fine, too.  Look at here.  Everybody and everything are here, including our smart robots, robot tigers and those diving suits.  It is strange that those underwater aliens do not want to keep some of them for a study.” Replies Lily.
“Maybe, those underwater aliens are not interested in those things. Or, they have already done a good study of those things and just return to us.  Actually, this is a good news to us.  Those underwater aliens did not hurt us and returned everything to us.  Maybe we can build a good relationship with those underwater aliens later.” Replies Tony.
“I agree.  Those underwater aliens do not want to treat our human beings from earth as enemy.  They just want to keep an relationship as living together peacefully.  This is good to us and them.  I am sorry to say that I did not see the underwater aliens’ faces clearly.” Says Sam.
“I did not see their faces clearly, too.  Maybe, if we can see their faces clearly, Mei could be attracted by their faces and do not want to stay with us anymore.” The action leader makes a joke and we all laugh.
“I found a huge shell with a huge pearl during the touring in underwater world.  That is very impressive. If we can find two such huge pearls, we can give to Lily and Mei to keep them stay with us.” I make a joke and we all laugh.
“Actually, I was surprised to see another huge pearl.  I guess that there are many huge pearls on this planet.  We can find more later.” Mei replies.
“There were so many underwater aliens swimming among those isolated transparent rooms.  There are also many underwater aliens swimming to and from that oceanic trench.  If there is another chance, I really want to explore that oceanic trench in future.” Replies Lily.
“I am sure that inside that oceanic trench, there is another mysterious underwater world.  Otherwise, there should not be so many underwater aliens swimming to or from it.” Replies Tony. We all agree.
“How about that underwater forest?  That is amazing, too.” Asks Sam.
“How about that underwater volcano, those isolated transparent semicircle rooms?  What were they doing inside those isolated underwater rooms?” I ask.
“I guess that they are doing some secret researches there. I am sure that those aliens want to improve their technology, too.” Replies Mei and we all agree.
“No matter what, it was a fantastic experience for us to have an underwater world touring.  I am happy about this experience.” Mei says happily.  We all agree.
“Sometimes, I fell into sleep.  Sometimes, I was clear. I do not know how I went to the underwater world.  I do not know how I came back again.  I am sure that those underwater aliens used some kinds of drugs to do this.” I tell everybody.
“I agree. Those aliens used some kinds of things to control our mentality, letting us sleep or letting us wake.” Agrees Tony.
“I have to say that the food provided by those underwater aliens was OK, not bad, even if I do not what it was.” Sam tells us.
“I am sure that the food was a kind of mixture of underwater vegetation and marine animals. The taste of the food mixture is OK to me, too.” Lily replies.
“Since we are all OK now. Let me contact our captain to let him know our situation.” The action leader tells us.
“It is very strange.  The captain told me that he did not know any special events happening to us. The planet landing ship will come here to pick us up in one hour.” The action leader tells us after finishing the communication with the captain.
“It is strange.  It must take a lot of time for us to be in the underwater world.  How come our colleagues in our mother spaceship did not realize the missing time and missing communication with us?  Maybe for them, it just took several minutes on land while it took us a whole day in underwater world.” Replies Tony curiously.
“There is an old saying on our earth.  It passes only one day inside a mountain while it passes a thousand days in outside world.  We can spend a thousand days in the underwater world while on the ground, there is only one day passed.” I reply with smile.
“Since there are universes outside our universe, there must be worlds outside our world.  There must be time processes outside our time process. There must be mountains outside our mountain and there must be buildings outside our building.” Lily replies with smile and we all laugh.
“Yes, that is a mysterious underwater world.  No matter what happened to us before entering, during the touring and after leaving the underwater world, we are all safe now. We can go home, returning to our mother spaceship soon.  This feeling makes me feel wonderful.” Mei tells us happily and we all laugh.
“That is true.  We had a wonderful underwater touring free of charge. We are all safe now.  We have nothing to complain about.” Lily replies happily and we all agree.
Very soon, our planet landing ship arrives.  After loading the diving suits and all other things, we all board the planet landing ship and return to our mother spaceship happily.  We complete the land exploration mission successfully.
84.Return earth again
After returning to our mother spaceship, the action leader goes to find the captain to give his report.  The rest of us go to our individual rooms to take showers and to change clothes.  After a while, we all get together in our big dormitory hall.  
The action leader and the captain come.
“Congratulations to all of you for this land exploration!” The captain congratulates us with smile first.
We all reply to the captain with our thanks.
“We have completed this trip for space migration survey.  We will return to our earth soon.” The captain tells us after sitting down.
“I am glad to hear this.  I am home sick already. I want to go home.” Lily yells to us happily and we all laugh.
“So, after returning home, are we going to start the first space migration to this planet soon?” I ask the captain.
“Yes, we will start soon.  We will modify this mother spaceship so that it can carry more people from our earth to fly to this planet. One flight by another flight, We will transfer about ten thousand people from earth to this planet to live here permanently.” The captain introduces.
“One more thing, before returning to our earth, we will fly to the gold celestial body to get some more gold and carry them to earth. We will use those gold to support our migration mission financially.” The action leader tells us.
“How many flights are there to migrate ten thousand people from earth to this planet?” Asks Mei.
“If every flight can carry one thousand people to this planet, there will be ten flights all together.” Replies the captain with smile.
“In this case, could we apply for the migration first? I like the hot spring place. I want to settle down there.” Mei asks.
“Of course you can.  If all of you want to apply, all of you can migrate to this planet together.” The captain replies with smile.
All of us are happy to hear this news.
“During this land exploration, we had so many interesting experiences and found so many interesting places.  I really like to live on this planet for a long period of time, to enjoy the pleasure life on this planet.” Replies Lily happily.
“That is true.  I like the hot spring place very much.  That is a ideal place for retirement.” Replies Mei happily.
“But right now, all of you still cannot live on this planet because we still need you in our future ten flights.” The action leader tells us. We all agree to help in the future flights.
“One more thing to think about.  How about those space monsters, those huge space octopuses? Those space monsters can interrupt our flights at anytime.  They can disturb our migration mission.” I ask.
“That will be our big problem in our future flights.” Replies the captain.
“Maybe, we need to ask some helps from those friendly aliens here. Last time, they told us that they could help. If we can get some helps from those aliens, it could be easy to deal with this space monster problem. I will discuss this issue with them tomorrow.” Replies the action leader.
Next morning, we go to the reception house to meet those two friendly aliens.
After communication, we understand that this time, there could be three UFOs accompanying our mother spaceship to return to earth.  If there are space monsters blocking our way, those UFOs will take care of everything.
After returning to our mother spaceship, we report the meeting result to the captain.  The captain is very glad to hear the report.
“Could they really solve the space monster problem?” Still, the captain has some worries.
“No need to worry about that.  I am sure that their UFOs have the capabilities to deal with those space monsters.” Replies the action leader with confidence.
“I agree.  Those aliens will not boast themselves.  I believe that they have the capabilities to help us.” I agree.
Two days later, we say good bye to the two friendly aliens and leave the planet.  Our mother spaceship flies towards the gold celestial body first with the accompanying of three UFOs.
After arriving at the gold celestial body, we dig some gold and load them into our mother spaceship.  Our mother spaceship flies towards our milk way directly with the accompanying of three UFOs.
Arriving at the edge our solar system, we come across three space monsters who block our way home.  Our mother spaceship has to stop. There is a standoff between our mother spaceship and those space monsters.
At this time, the three UFOs fly towards the three space monsters. Every UFO stays in the same level with the eyes of a monster in a short distance.  Very soon, those monsters start to retreat.  The UFOs move forward to keep the distance with the space monsters.  Finally, those space monsters retreat further away.  Our mother spaceship takes the opportunity to break the blocking of the space monsters and flies towards our earth with high speed.
The UFOs leave those space monsters to do their own exploration of solar system.
After landing on our earth, our mother spaceship starts internal modification immediately so that it can have one thousand people living inside after unloading those gold mines.
85.Start space migration
According to the plan, the first migration flight takes off successfully.
When our mother spaceship reaches the edge of our solar system, three space monsters block our way.  The standoff appears again.
We send out nine fighters driven by smart robots to fight with those space monsters. During the fighting, our mother spaceship takes the opportunity to break the blocking and flies forward with high speed.  Our mother spaceship cruises in deep space while waiting for our fighters to return.
Two days later, there are only six fighters coming back.  Three of them cannot make their way home.  We all feel sad about losing those three smart robots.
After landing on the migration planet, the one thousand people settle down in the migration area.  They immigrants are all youth. They need to build their own homes here.  The migration park will provide all necessary materials to do so.  The migration park need to house those immigrants from the second flight.
Our mother spaceship leaves the planet and flies towards the gold celestial body to get some more gold mines to support the migration mission.
This morning when we have breakfast, the captain and action leader come to the big dormitory hall.
“We do not want to lose more smart robots to fight with those space monsters.  We need to find another proper method to take care of those space monsters. Destroying those space monsters is the best way.” I tell everybody.
“I agree.  The space monster is our big problem for migration mission.” Replies the captain.
“I am wandering something.  How could those UFOs defeat those space monsters last time?” Asks the action leader.
“It is better for you to ask those friendly aliens when you meet them next time. If those aliens can teach us how to do it, there is no need for them to send UFOs to protect us every time.” Replies Tony.
“OK, let me go to visit those friendly aliens.  Hopefully, they can teach us their technology.” Replies the action leader.
At super time, the action leader comes back.  He introduces the meeting result.
The aliens have a special weapon which can put those space monsters into sleep gradually.  Those aliens do not want to kill those space monsters. We can borrow the weapon from them.  They ask us not to kill those space monsters while they fall into sleep.  That is the condition for us to borrow the weapon from them.
“Do you agree to their requirement?” Asks Mei.
“Of course I agree.  Otherwise, we cannot borrow the special weapon. I also told them that if we do not use their weapon at all, we can use our own weapon to kill those space monsters.” Replies the action leader.
“What was their response?” Asks Lily.
“They let me understand that they understood the our situation.  They agreed with my suggestion.” Replies the action leader.
We are all happy after hearing the report from the action leader.  Our mother spaceship prepares to take off towards the gold celestial body.
