Eric Book Series: Eric's Story
Edenia Series
Copyright Beth Hoyer 2014
Published at Smashwords
This eBook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This eBook must be purchased to be given away to other people. If you would like to share this eBook with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.

Prologue
Eric gave up another roar according to the Recorder, finding he was having another hissy fit, as the Meritanians call them. It was after telling his story, involving him living on Earth, and then living on Terrania, becoming Sun Lord. Recorder found Eric's hissy fit quit, followed by Breaker next to him looking concerned by the male's face. Eric appeared to have ignored Breaker's concerned look, to focus onto the Recorder, who is a female, Human, a masked High Council's servant typing away onto the laptop, while we were, in his office, in the Zesky Asylum, aka Soulers' warship, sitting in the ocean, of planet Aire, as the planet was dubbed. 
Eric gave up a loud Hmph and got from Breaker "Anything else you remember being Sun Lord?"
Eric spoke the story, ignoring his interruptions of giving out hissy fits, as the Meritanians, called them, he roaring during his storytelling, with some of the roars omitted on his request. Despite Recorder ordered to include them story he said word to word is included here.

Eric's Story as told to the Recorder:

I'm in Americania, as the nation of Canada, on Earth is called, despite planet name of Terrania. The city of Atlanta, aka Alaska's main city of Juneau, is hosting an event I'm attending, the world championships for women’s gymnastics. Don't ask me why there aren't males' gymnastics. Not sure why (roar).
My son, Eric Junior is nearly grown just needing another growth spurt and then will be a full grown adult, like any other Terranian native, fast growth spurts instant growing in one sitting. Not sure of what age he was in other than suspecting teenager aged. I in public keeps my face covered by hooded mask and doesn’t show my face very much to the public only to people in private from time to time. (Roar).
I sit with my son watching the gymnastics competition eying the Americanians compete for another world title for being recorded undefeated in team competitions. 
I eyed the Kenibians, a species for being on the stupid side, and some humanoid version of an ape, to see during the athletes change over to different apparatus to witness a Kenibian female toss a dart towards the Americanian coach who's a humanoid version of a butterfly, complete with antennas and wings hiding from his back, his species declared Monarch who's known for medical treatments, who goes down hitting the floor unconscious. (Roar) I heard my son growl sounding angry and heard him speak that he has an idea on getting the Kenibian coach responsible for his athlete doing the dart tossing. 
I'm ordered up by my son whom I followed to stand near the Kenibians as my son Eric Junior confronts the Kenibian coach, a male on his athlete tossing the dart. I eavesdrop on the coach refusing to admit it, felt annoyed and recalled a time when I fought a Kenibian when Eric Junior was younger during the time I visited the island nation of Kenibia as it's dubbed, despite Kenibians stupidity not getting it names are a must for their island. I recalled I easily defeated the Kenibian due to Jiang's help and Jiang figuring out the Kenibian’s moves from recalling me fighting like that before. 
I recalled when I was newly matured in sexuality while living in the water ship still in lock up, I threw fights against Human guards when being transferred around and fought them, who fought the same way the Kenibian fought me, but the Humans were able to knock me down by darting me, with syringes and darts. 
I recalled being trained by Highlanders in fighting called Combative Art one of Jiang’s ideas who insisted that I accept the training after the Highlander witnessed me fighting the Kenibian. I remembering was forced to accept the training by Jiang warning me that combat fighting is very popular among Kenibians including some Human style fight dubbed Karate among the Humans but officially called Combative Art said to be invented by a Shonsurra a nation I figured was Japan, and appeared to be High Council dominated by their Highlanders, only live there policy now. The karate was rumored to be invented by a Human slave in Shonsurra, that got dumped into Kenibia via dropped in a box and survived the Kenibians' cannibalism by teaching them karate, that has become popular among Kenibians. 
As I was saying, I wound up telling a Meritanian, dubbing herself as Merra, same Merra as the one on planet Aire, got transported to here like I did, to tell Eric Junior to get the Kenibian coach to fight me in Combative Art following the rules of combat. I listened as my son taunts the coach to fight the Sun Lord in Combative Art as if getting my message which the coach asks for the penalty for the loser. I heard my son say that the coach will point out the athlete who threw the dart and she’ll be punished in retaliation in response to darting another. 
I nodded my head, in agreement seeing Eric Junior say that, as Eric Junior demands to the coach to name his prize for winning the combat as the coach speaks having the Sun Lord step down from his position and letting a Kenibian take his place which his son verbally agrees then orders the Kenibian to go to the floor exercise mat and prepare himself for the fight. 
I walked off going to the floor exercise mat to see the Kenibian has beat me there by already standing on there looking like he’s stretching his arms. I reaches the stairs is blocked by my son insisting that I take off my boots, shoeless is part of the rules along with yanking off my jacket which I feels regret yanks it off baring my face. 
I heard the arena become silent as I yanked off my jacket handing it to my son then gets up on the podium to glare at the Kenibian that seems a little distracted by not looking at me in the eyes but appearing to be staring at my covered feet with a look that suggests confusion. Hence Kenibians are so stupid when it comes to thinking smartly. 
I raised my hands in fists waiting as the Kenibian shakes his head and then charges towards me which I met the Kenibian’s charge by charging forwards. I discovered the Kenibian is using Karate which I remembered my training blocks the fisting and kicking to fist and kick back. 
I noticed during the fight that my fisting and kicking is getting the Kenibian to appear to be daze as in suffering pain. I also senses that the Kenibian is throwing everything very hard hitting me with fisting and kicking by the speed of arm and leg motions but isn’t hurting me for the blows on my body isn’t giving me much pain. I continued to fight till the Kenibian collapsed onto the mat and form becomes still with eyes still open and chest heaving very hard as if gasping for air. 
I folded my arms to glare at the Kenibian hearing the crowd still quiet as the Kenibian speaks in a groaning tone of pain that he yields and speaks words sounding like numbers and says that the athlete is wearing it on her back. I wound up to hear my guard's voice in my mind speaking that they heard the Kenibian and will attend to the athlete and that I should walk away just to show mercy to the Kenibian just to show to the crowd that I'm generous to sparing my opponent’s life. 
I obeyed unfolding my arms and walks away from the Kenibian heading towards the stairs as medical Monarchs aka Human butterflies, head up the stairs running past me towards the Kenibian which I ignores to go down the stairs to meet Eric Junior who gives me the boots and jacket which I puts on my form and figures I might as well keep my head bared unless otherwise. 
I see Niya standing nearby looking like she’s upset by the look on her face which I go to her putting a hand on her shoulder that doesn’t seem to mind my touch. I find I have to restrain myself in giving affection towards Niya due to that being not acceptable behavior among the natives in public who don’t do that. 
I wound up at the time, to feels sleepiness hears Merra sounding in my mind that I needs to sleep for she sensed something odd with the situation of me fighting the Kenibian and figured out what it is which he senses she become silent by the headache going away. I, at the time tried to fight the sleepiness by shaking my head and finds myself collapsing against Niya who puts hands around me as I fall to the floor with her still holding me while sounding worried calling my name which I feels too sleepy shuts my eyes and feels myself lowered to the floor by additional hands touching me besides Niya’s then once on the floor passes out unconscious. I remember what else happened after that involving me after I passed out. 

Recorder finds Eric has paused from talking to give out a loud roar making recorder grimace from the noises. Recorder clears her throat and waits for Eric to quit the noises and keep talking. Recorder doesn't have long to wait for Eric speaks his story this time going into third person instead of using his first person I account.'

Eric came to discovering he was lying in a familiar bed wearing his underwear shorts and nothing else on his form. He felt himself still wearing the breathing device on and a blanket on top of him while having his head on a pillow. He felt soreness in his chest but felt the pain slowly going away. He looked around the room to figure out that he was in his bedroom in the headquarters with the window shade slowly glowing light. He felt a head on top of his chest which took him a moment to figure out that it was Niya. He placed a bare clawed hand on top of her head stroking her hair. He felt Niya wake up jerking her head up to stare at him with widen eyes while gasping loudly. Eric frowned as Niya placed a hand on his cheek and kissed him fully on the lips a long kiss which he felt himself putting his hands flat on her back while feeling charges of pleasure from the kiss. He sensed from his hands’ touch that she was wearing a nightgown on her form while kissing her back. Eric felt regret hit him as Niya broke off the kiss to stare at him with a look of affection in her eyes. 
He removed his hands and signed “Merra put me to sleep due to sensing something odd going on and didn’t tell me what it was. I like to know why my chest is feeling soreness.”
He frowned as Niya formed disgust on her face before she spoke “The Kenibian coach was revealed to be a relative of the Kenibian who lost a fight to you embarrassing his family.”
Eric felt himself annoyed recalling the fights with both Kenibians in his mind as Niya kept talking “The Kenibian fighting you in karate from the looks of it from a karate expert watching the fight said that he was targeting your chest from repeatedly hitting you there over and over while trying to hit the area as you blocked him.” 
He felt himself still annoyed as Niya continued “After you collapsed Medics scanned you and then later told me and Jiang in private at the hospital that they discovered that all of the ribs in your chest were cracked apart. They think it’s a miracle that you managed to be still standing till you collapsed due to that the rib cracks cause terrible pain enough to get a person down on the floor screaming in pain.”
Eric felt himself frowning hearing that as Niya spoke “The doctors at the hospital figured from you walking off from the fight is that you had a high tolerance for pain due to you not acting like you were suffering pain from your cracked ribs. You were sent to the hospital for some medical tests and treatments to fix your ribs which they discovered your body had the ability to heal itself from their examinations.”
He exhaled a breath through his mouth as Niya paused to rub his cheek which he pushed his face into her hand. 
Niya spoke “The hospital kept details of your examination from the public saying doctor/patient confidentially and mentioned to the public that you only had soreness from being hit by the Kenibian that took a lot out of you. This is as in being worn out from fighting which you didn’t realize that after the fight was done. You according to them walked off and that your body revolted from that knocking you out unconscious in order to get some rest and recover from the fight.”
He heard the door to the bedroom open saw Niya turn her head towards the door which he glimpsed Jiang who bobbed his head before shutting the door. 
Eric frowned on his lips as Niya spoke looking at him “The doctor told me that you should take it easy for awhile as in limiting physical activities for your body to get the rest it needs enforced by Merra who insisted to me that she’ll knock you out like she told me after admitting to be the source of your collapse.”
Eric exhaled a breath through his mouth and signed “What does the doctor have in mind for me to rest? I’m hoping its not being stuck in bed.” 
He saw her frown before she spoke “The doctor recommended bed rest as an option but said that you shouldn’t do much walking if you’re going to be up from bed and do lots of sitting just so your body can get the rest it needs while it heals itself. According to tests done on you the self body healing is slow going and don’t want you to aggravate your body working on doing the healing by doing any physical activity that might interfere with that.” 
Eric signed “I feel fine but agree with the doctor about resting. I can watch the TV monitors and I like to know if there’s something I can read when there’s stuff on the monitors boring me.”
He heard a sigh from Niya as she spoke “There’s newspapers which I’ll ask a guard to get one for you and see if you need any teaching on learning to read the language.”
He signed “I agree. I need to get up and go eat for I think I could use the nourishment.” 
He saw Niya nod her head followed by kissing him on the lips that made him shiver as she stopped kissing followed by her getting up from bed. 
He forced himself to slowly get up from the bed which he again forced himself to slowly get dressed finding himself having a weakness feeling but sensed himself strong enough to move around. Eric once dressed left the bedroom followed by Niya to see Jiang in the room looking like he had disapproval in his eyes seeing him. Eric went to the table to sit and then ate the food finding himself terribly hungry which he gobbled up the food. He forced himself to take a sip of the cup’s contents finding it not water which he gulped it down entirely then once done, got up from the table going to the couch to sit and leaned back feeling himself much better but the weakness feeling still remained within him. 
He heard Niya speaking from the table “Jiang have someone get the newspaper called Atlanta Times please.” 
He heard Jiang speak “Will be done as ordered.” 
Eric heard the sound of a door opening and shut as he eyed the remote and leaned forward to pick it up which he turned on the TV monitors then put it down on the table which he leaned back staring at the main largest TV. 

Eric at the moment according to Recorder switches to first person I term.

I saw the TV was a local news broadcast showing a female Felidae, a Human version of a cat with a Human face and cat whiskers, and cat ears on top of the head, speaking in a feminine growling voice tone talking about me fighting a Kenibian which a clip of it was shown. 
I saw from the look of the fight that Niya wasn’t kidding on what she said about the Kenibian said to be targeting my chest from the look of it. The clip changed to myself collapsing with Niya having her arms around me and helped by Eric Junior to lower myself to the floor. 
I heard a voiceover saying that the hospital said that the Sun Lord’s body revolted after the fight from being worn out and knocked him unconscious. I continued to watch as the scene changed to show a montage of gymnasts on events with a voiceover saying that the Americanian team won the World Championship title despite having no coach to assist them on the remaining events which made people watching the competition and other teams shocked with the results. 
I watched as the scene changed to show the Americanian team standing on the first place podium wearing their gold medals while looking happy. 
I wound up further watching as the scene changed to show second place team wearing green leotards and heard a voiceover say that Oceana, an underwater nation where Australia is on Earth entirely covered of water, took the silver for the first time after a long time of repeatedly getting the bronze medal in team competitions. I felt pride hearing that which shocked me as the scene changed to show the third place winners. I heard the voiceover saying that the team from Navia, aka the Scandinavian nations of Norway and Sweden united as one nation and where the Human butterflies originated, as their nation is dubbed, finally ended their medal drought to win their first team medial in any competition after repeatedly getting fourth place for a long time. 
I felt myself happy hearing that as I sensed Niya join me on the couch from the vibrations and felt her hand grip my left hand which I gripped back while still paying attention to the TV which switched to the Felidae. 
I listened as the female broadcaster speaks about the Americanian team making history for winning the world title without assisted by a coach with people overheard commenting about that. The people according to the Felidae mentioned being shocked seeing the Americanian athletes getting along peacefully working with each other despite their racial differences which people have said it explains why the Americanian team is undefeated in team competitions. They say it’s due to the athletes being in peace with each other despite their racial differences or fighting among each other with a me, me attitude. Other people overheard have commented this getting along peace among Americanian athletes isn’t seen among the other teams’ athletes who have been seen fighting and arguing among each other while their coaches force them to get along, mostly due to their me, me attitudes of wanting to show off and win their own medals, instead of together like a team. They figure it’s a factor why the Americanians have been winning team titles over and over in competitions and being undefeated. 
I heard Niya give off a loud harrumph followed by the TV monitors being shut off which I looked at her to see her put down the remote onto the table. I felt myself confused on why she would do that as she looked at me with a glare on her face. 

Recorder hears Eric switch to third person when telling the story. Recorder assumes that Eric is going to use third person when quoting people's talks.

He signed “What’s up with shutting the TV and having an angry reaction to the broadcast?”
He frowned as Niya spoke with annoyance in her tone “They didn’t mention that the Americanians winning team titles have been for a long time since their streak became official was by large numbered margins. I’ve seen too many competitions over the years while I grew up to figure out that it’s not just the getting along peace the Americanians have to win the title.” 
He stared at Niya as she paused then continued to speak “The victories are by the team’s advanced gymnastics skills on events and doing it without mistakes hence those large margins when they win the title.”
He signed “How advance is the Americanian team compared to the other teams?”
He heard a harrumph from Niya as she spoke “From observing competitions over the years growing up that the Americanians are doing high level gymnastics acrobatic skills while the other teams aren’t doing that. I noticed during warm ups before each competition started on each event that the Americanians acted very dedicated to doing their warm ups while noticing the other teams’ athletes seemed to hate doing them judging by their behavior.”
He heard Merra speak sounding in his mind “You should ask Niya where she came up with this view.” 
He heard the edge in the plant’s voice tone that suggested to him that something else was going on. 
He signed to Niya “Where did you come up with that view?”

Eric, switch to first person: 
I saw Niya’s eyes form a look which suggested to me that she knew something she’s not telling me which it dawns to me, that she must have taken gymnastics herself and competed for the Americanian team. 

Eric, switch to third person:
He signed “Did you take gymnastics and competed on the Americanian team?”
He saw her eyes widen which suggested to him that his assumption was correct. 
Eric stared at Niya who gave off a loud sigh and then spoke “My Human mother called Valeria had a twin Human sister named Natalia who was a former champion in gymnastics competing for Prussia cycles before Americania started their win streak. Natalia competed for Prussia because of the Terrania Unity Games at the time was held in Oceana who’s ruler Emperor Palin officially earned the nickname Emperor Executioner banned Americania from competing but allowed Americanian athletes to compete for other nations in the games which is what Natalia did for Prussia because of her father being one of the offspring of the Tsarina ruling at the time back then. Natalia when she competed in the games was the current individual all around World Champion and officially the first Human to win the title in gymnastics. She won the games’ all around title making history doing that as the first world all around champion in gymnastics to win the title and first free Human to win a title in the games and it turned out that she was the only Human to compete in the games. Her mother is Anastia Palina daughter of Oceana’s Emperor and oldest child heir to the throne which after the Emperor was declared dead, she declared Humans as equals to the other races in Oceana. Anastia later introduced both Natalia and my mother Valeria who Nikolas as Hades was said to find and return. Natalia after the introducing was declared the heir to the throne despite a rumor saying that Valeria was born first. Some people think Natalia was picked because she recently birthed a son an Aquarian named Medun before the introducing and that Valeria hadn’t gotten with child the whole time she stayed in Oceana.”
Eric frowned as Niya paused to clear her throat then continued to speak “I was later shown historical documents detailing that my mother admitted that she was raped by another member of a different species hence her hesitance to mate with her mate Yevgeny Visser my father. My mother admitted that she grew up on another world not Terrania hidden identified as a Highlander by some racial people making her hide her ears till someone found out once she was grown and brought her to the world’s ruler who took her to his world and she wound up raped by a Highlander acting sick while tied up. My mother wound up crossing paths with Nikolas as Hades and then later met him again to witness him attack some people dubbed High Council and in the process of the attack changed into King Winter to freeze the people before changing back into Hades to destroy the frozen bodies of them. She managed to convince Nikolas to take her with him which he did taking her to Terrania where there she’s told that Merra figured out who she was contacted her sister Natalia to make a meeting with her which happened and she became mate of Yevgeny Visser after meeting him. My mother wound up as an escort to Yevgeny being a slave to the Prussians. My father tried to get her to mate with him with gentle teaching but she refused to do it. I found out once I was nearly grown that Merra admitted to me that she manipulated my parents to mate creating me which my mother got over being raped and has been repeatedly mating with my father from time to time but not producing any more offspring due to the hospital in Prussia I was born in tied her to prevent that which my parents were aware of it.”
Eric exhaled a breath through his mouth as Niya kept talking “My view towards the Americanians is that once my parents were nearing the end of their lives they and me were sent to Americania to live in Atlanta as free Humans due to Americania already declaring Humans as equals cycles ago. I was raised by people over the years outliving them who put me in gymnastics once I was old enough which I trained along with numerous Americanian teams as I slowly grew up never reaching their level of gymnastics skills. I was used as an assistant to numerous Americanian coaches in Americanian hosted gymnastics competitions. The local press never paid attention to me assisting the coaches over the cycles I had the job. Also that the coaches and the athletes kept the attention off of me for being in the public spotlight always made me nervous till I was paired with you being the Sun Lord which I was forced to stop my fear and get over it.” 
He gently reached over and placed a hand on her shoulders and pulled her towards him. He leaned his chin on the side of her head hearing her become silent and heard her sigh feeling her happy having him touching her. Eric heard the door open and heard a loud groaning noise sounding like Jiang which he looked at the Highlander who had a hand covering his eyes. He frowned as he sensed movement besides him looked to see a Highlander carrying a big pile of papers that he sensed were newspapers and plopped them onto the table then walked off. 
He heard Niya speak “Jiang?”
He heard the confusion in her voice as Jiang spoke “Argh, people saw one of the guards buying a newspaper which the people wound up buying newspapers and giving it to the guard insisting very strongly for the Sun Lord to read. I should add that the newspapers are all from the stand every single issue was bought.” 
He exhaled a breath finding himself annoyed as he released his hold around Niya to pull a newspaper from the top of the pile and held it up to stare at the words finding that they don’t make any sense to him. 
He heard Niya speak “Eric it’s upside down. Turn it the opposite way.”
He obeyed to stare at the newspaper finding himself still not able to understand the word markings. 
He thrust the newspaper to Niya and signed “I can’t read the thing.” 
He saw her look at the newspaper with narrowed eyes before she spoke “I think it’s in Shonsurran written language from the looks of it looking like that.”

Eric adds "I later learned the Shonsurran language was High Council's written language, twin to the Humans' written language of the Earth nation of Japan, soon after I arrived to Planet Aire. Some of the written languages of Terrania were formerly Earth's written languages invented by Humans and apparently passed down by the natives who didn't know of this at the time. Instead assumed they invented the language themselves who didn't know a Human invented it."

Eric turned his attention towards the pile and grabbed a newspaper from the top to glare at it which he found he still couldn’t understand what it said. He turned it around the opposite direction and continued to glare at it as an idea came to his mind. Eric put down the newspaper on his lap and twisted to glare at Jiang sensing his mind scanned. 
He mentally spoke “You got anything for me to write with?”
He saw Jiang look away feeling his mind stopped scanned and heard a door open and closing sound before the Highlander looked at him speaking mentally “We’ll get you something for that.” 
He nodded his head and twisted his form around to see Niya focused on a newspaper he figured from her expression that she was reading it. 
He tapped her on the shoulder that looked at him and he signed “What language is that?”
Eric stared at her as she spoke “It’s Prussian.”

Eric adds "Prussian is actually the Human language of Russian told in a Cyrillic language term. From what I could tell the Akylahs some Humanoid version of Birds originated the nation of Prussia aka Russia, is my assumption but I'm told it was some rocky mountains in a river, island nation and not that large sized. Not sure what that nation was. It either was the Earth's North Pole without ice or something else." 

He stared at Niya who turned her attention back to the newspaper still appearing to be reading it. He looked down at the paper on his lap and with disgust slammed it on top of the newspaper pile then leaned back with arms folded wincing as his chest complained in pain. He exhaled a breath and lowered his arms unfolding them to clasp his hands on his lap and adjusted his position to stare at Niya reading the newspaper that ignored him staring at her. 
Eric heard the door open sound twisted his form to face the TV monitors as a guard came into view carrying a large sized paper pad with a pen like object in his hands that handed them to him before walking off. He exhaled a breath again through his mouth and held the pen awkwardly in his right hand then aimed it at the pad. 
He heard Niya’s voice sounding firm “Eric.” 
Eric looked at Niya who had the newspaper on her lap and she spoke “Use your other hand with the pen. You favor it when taking in nourishment and fighting.”
He looked down at the pen and switched hands to his left hand and saw Niya’s hands come into view fixing his hold on the pen then released her hold on him. 
He shrugged and wrote words in big letters “Eric loves Niya.” 
Once done he held up the pad towards Niya who appeared to stare at it with a frown before she spoke “The language is Oceanan.” 

Eric adds: "Oceanan is some form of Shonsurran language but has different symbols involving it. I suspect that Oceanan was a copy version of Shonsurran language but some Human figured it out and wrecked it up judging by what I wrote."

He felt himself confused with her reaction turned the pad over lowering his head to stare at the words feeling himself bewildered by the language. 
Eric felt a hand grab his chin forcing his head up followed by Niya’s lips touching his lips which he rolled his eyes feeling himself happy from her kissing him. He felt the familiar charges of pleasure hitting him as Niya and he kissed each other on the lips a long kiss. He shuddered as Niya broke off the kiss to smile at him without baring her teeth which he smiled back not baring his teeth.
He saw a big frown come on her face after he heard the door open from behind, followed by Niya speaking “Where have you been Junior?”
He frowned as he heard Eric Junior’s voice sounding sarcastic behind him coming nearer and nearer “Just around the city.” 
Eric exhaled a breath to turn to face Eric Junior who sat in an armchair looking annoyed by the look of his son’s face. 
He waved a hand and got Eric Junior’s attention to sign “What’s going on with you anyway? You seem upset about something.”
Eric frowned as Eric Junior gave up a disgusted sound and spoke loudly “Its Merra, she won’t transport me or transport the female I’m destined to mate with anywhere for a meeting saying that I’m not old enough. What’s up with that?”
Eric heard Niya sigh loudly before she spoke “I sympathize with your plight Junior. 
I had to put up with Merra telling me to wait before I was fully grown before I could know the identity of who I’ll mate with despite having sensed him in my mind. Merra for some odd reason without revealing who my mate was encouraged my obsession towards your father being a Legendian enough for me to find out about him from any kind of sources me could get. Harrumph she manipulated me enough to like your father once I found out that he was mine to mate with.” 
He heard Eric Junior give up a harrumph sound which he exhaled a breath and heard Merra’s voice sounding in his mind “Actually his destined mate is aware of him but hasn’t displayed similar attitude. She’s seems fine with having him as her mate but once he’s grown I’ll transport him to her but not before.” 
He mentally spoke “Fine, Merra.” 
He sensed the headache of his mind stop as he saw Eric Junior eye the newspapers to grab one on top and held it up to his face and from looks of things appeared to be reading it. Eric exhaled a breath figuring that Eric Junior was taught how to read multiple languages from his schooling. 
He shifted towards Niya to see her again reading the Prussian newspaper as he figured to himself since he wrote Oceanan perhaps there’ll be an Oceanan language newspaper. He weeded through the pile of newspapers examining the languages and discovered one in Oceanan from being able to read it which he pull it out and set it in front of him. 
He held up the newspaper and read the headline saying "Heir found!" 

Eric switches: "I frowned as I read the article detailing Emperor Nadal Visser, a Highlander, saying that he has found a heir to his throne and has refused to confirm the rumor saying that the heir is Nikolas himself offspring of the current Sun Lord. I, at the time, felt myself a little annoyed reading the article but continued to read the rest of the newspaper finding it detailed, not much of Oceanan life along with a blurb about Oceanan gymnastics team winning the silver medal for the first time in awhile."

Eric switches: He exhaled a breath through his mouth to hear Eric Junior give off another harrumph sound and looked at his son who thrust the newspaper onto the pile before picking up another one. 
Eric waved his hand getting his son’s attention which he signed “How many languages were you taught in school?”
He frowned as Eric Junior spoke “Actually I was taught Basic."

Eric adds "I later learned that Basic is some Human language dubbed English, unsure of that name and term but its one of the instant recognizable easy to get it language by the natives of Terrania. Except for Americanians who were speaking some hissy language dubbed Rakcaran and thinking in that language couldn't instant get it the Basic language. Instead they had to be taught how to think and speak in it."

He continued switching:
Eric Junior speaking "Oceanan which the teaching turned out to be useless because give me any language written or spoken and I’ll automatically get it enough to be fluent in it.” 
Eric exhaled a breath as his son turned his attention to the newspaper in his hand and from looks of things appeared to be reading it. He frowned and again weeded through the pile seeking newspapers with language he could read, which he counted about five languages, which he found one and lifted it up putting it on his lap. He held up the newspaper and found to his shock the cover said Atlanta Times which he figured it was Americanian language and found himself reading the newspaper.

Eric adds: "The Americanian written language was some form of English written language. The words were said in another language term I recognized from the spelling was Shonsurran or Japanese said in English spelling. Some Human must have originated that. 
I found an article about the Americanian gymnastics team winning the World Championship Title still undefeated despite their coach knocked out by a Kenibian athlete. I continued to read the article detailed that the Kenibian team was disqualified from the competition and not permitted to finish the rest of their events but later kicked out of Americania while the Kenibian that darted the coach was ordered to not to compete again period or be humiliated for that. Humiliation is a term the Kenibians get smartly but are still stupid on other manners. 
I frowned reading that Oceana took advantage of Kenibia’s disqualification to win the silver due to that the Kenibians were in second place just prior to their disqualification and that the Kenibian team had a lock on the silver medal due to how high their scoring total was after competing three events with two to go. 
I read that Kenibia’s ruler reached for comment issued a death warrant for the Kenibian who darted the Americanian coach saying that this incident was shameful and didn’t want that to happen again and issued that death will bring honor back to the family for the humiliating act and teach his people a lesson on not doing any cheating again in sporting events period. 
I wound up wondering to myself how long I was knocked out, putting down asleep."

Eric switches: 
He wound up putting down the newspaper after finishing the article to tap Niya on her shoulder that looked at him. 
Eric signed “How long was I knocked out unconscious? Articles in newspapers suggested this was lengthy.” 
He frowned as Niya spoke “You were out unconscious in the hospital for three suns or days, due to them making you out unconscious because they detected the rib cracks. They also detected you healing from that so they sent you home where you were out for two more suns till you woke up by yourself.” 
He exhaled a breath to sign “What’s with the news broadcast airing results five days after the competition?”
He frowned as she spoke “Actually the competition involving teams continued after you were knocked out with the Kenibians hit with a disqualification and ordered out of Americania. 
Oh I should add that the audience was ordered out of the stadium after announcing what happened to the Americania’s coach and the competition halted as the crowd obeyed. 
Only select few news reporters were allowed to stay to record the results of the team competition which they were ordered to wait till now to announce it due to orders of the gymnastics federation. Then the competition was halted for two suns while the gymnastics federation explained the disqualification to the Kenibians who weren’t very smart in getting it but they managed to obey the order. Also the gymnastics federation ordered that the results wait till the Kenibians were told of the disqualification and whether they would contest the results of the disqualification as their right to do it which the Kenibians didn’t do it but took it fine. 
After that the individual competition continued with audience watching which about six nations won each of the remaining gold medals with various nations winning silver and bronze medals some medaling for the first time for their nation after drought of not medaling.”
Eric bobbed his head as Niya paused then continued to talk “Oh I should mention that the World All Around title was won by a Human or a Surrai whichever she is, named Anna Alina, representing Americania and it’s the first time an Americanian representative actually won that title and that she’s not the first declared Human to win it.
I should mention that the Human race have an official win streak on one of the individual events called floor exercise involving World Championships which that event has always been won by a Human regardless of their nation their competing for.”
He again nodded his head as Niya continued to talk “The floor exercise was won by a Human representing Shonsurra named Shanna Takahashi which her win is a first for Shonsurra to win on another nation soil due to that Shonsurra don’t normally win gold medals on foreign soils in judged events. 
Also the rest of the gold medals were won by Humans in the competition marking a first time a species swept gold at a World Championships in a sporting event.”
Eric exhaled a breath as Niya kept talking “I’m not kidding about six nations winning the rest of the gold medals. Americania won the all round, an Oceanan won the vault a first for the nation to win that title, Rania won the two bars, an athlete representing the Felidaes’ home nation, still unsure of what name is their nation, won the high bar, a Prussian won the beam a first for the nation to win the event and a Shonsurran won the floor exercise. 
All of them were declared Humans which I haven’t heard any protest from other species about them winning the titles. 
The only explanation to the other species not protesting is due to witnessing the other athletes competing and seeing how the Humans won the titles.” 
He nodded his head as Niya paused to clear her throat then she continued to talk “While you were out unconscious the hospital kicked me out and Jiang insisted that I go view the rest of the World Championships competition to get my mind off on you which I did and saw the results I told you. 
I have to say from the looks of the competition that the Humans who weren’t Americanians that won titles appeared to be equally advanced in gymnastics as the Americanians and despite their competitors not advanced as them. I haven’t seen a fuss about the advancements of the skills but I’ve overheard people talking about how perfect the Humans were hence they winning.”
He exhaled a breath as Niya continued “I have managed to talk to some Prussians about how advanced the Americanians were in skills along with the Humans winning the titles with equal skills that including those that aren’t Americanian. The Prussians have appeared to spread the word about what I told them due to how blabby their race is and that their not known for keeping secrets. 
The news broadcasts managed to broadcast this rumor the Prussians talking about which got the President of the gymnastics federation to issue a statement saying that the judges in anonymous polls have said that the Americanians and Humans from other nations appeared to be advanced in skills compared to their competitors hence they awarding them gold medals to them. 
This brought notice to other people to analyze the competition which experts have been saying that the judges aren’t kidding on what they said.”
He again nodded his head sensing Eric Junior eavesdropping by his son giving off silence seemingly like he was listening to his mother’s talk. 
He frowned as Niya continued to speak “The experts in gymnastics at the moment are currently analyzing the previous competitions due to word out saying that Americanians were undefeated due to having an advantage over their competitors such as advanced in gymnastics skills. 
This is being checked out along with reports of experts asking previous Americanian team members still alive to explain why they were seen getting along peacefully while other teams’ members were seen fighting and arguing. 
The experts analyzing this think the getting along peace is a factor in the Americanians winning undefeated and not their advanced skills due to finding several competitions in their historical documents that showed the team equal to the other teams in skills when competing in several team events which was pointed out to the public.”
He nodded his head as Niya paused to shift her eyes towards behind him which he sensed that she was looking at Eric Junior then she shifted her eyes towards him. 
He stared at her as she spoke “This is currently being analyzed at the moment which the experts said they’ll publish their findings soon as possible. 
I’m anxious to know what their results are due to that I think I had a part of the Americanian team getting along when I was used as an assistant in Americanian hosted team events. 
I recall myself getting involved in Americanian athletes repeatedly over the cycles arguing and fighting just prior to competitions while training with them and telling them off to stop the behavior along with telling them that they had to get along to win the gold medal which they listened to me and won as usual.”
Eric nodded his head as Niya paused to shift her eyes towards Eric Junior which she spoke sounding like she’s talking to his son “You look like you would rather listen to my talk than read the newspaper.” 
He frowned as he heard Eric Junior’s voice speaking “The news has the usual news same old stuff which is boring me. I prefer listening to you about the gymnastics team due to hearing people around the city commenting about the subject saying that if there’s an example of peace between races getting along it’s the Americanian gymnastics team doing it.” 
He frowned forming it on his lips as Niya gave up a sigh sound then she spoke shifting eyes towards him “I admit I’m responsible for getting the Americanian team to get along when they were competing in Americanian hosted team events by me telling them off to do that which they listened to me and won the title as usual. 
I also confess that over the cycles as I grew up I’ve gone to the Americania’s national training center for the team in Atlanta and told off the team before they left to team competitions whether its in Americania or foreign soil hosting the event to get along period and insisted that the getting along will get them to win the team title. 
They won as usual which proved that they listened to me telling them to do that. 
I wouldn’t be surprised if the fact of me telling off the team to get along will get out along with that I grew up slower than normal standards and used as assistants to the coaches on Americanian hosted gymnastics events.”
Eric reached out a hand and gripped one of Niya’s hands feeling it gripped back as she continued talking “The coaches when they had me assist figured out that I was a factor in getting the team to get along. They insisted that I assist and I have to tell you I’ve broken up arguments and fights between gymnasts too many times behind the scenes out of public view just prior to the competition along with telling off the athletes to get along which they appeared to listen to me. 
Oh I should add the coaches over the cycles have insisted to the athletes to not to flaunt me to the public as a reason why their getting along when competing by saying that they wanted the publicity and that I didn’t want it which I backed them up saying it due to being nervous about the public eye on me. 
Just wouldn’t be surprised if this comes out due to that I’ve been doing the telling off to the Americanian team since I was old enough to take gymnastics myself. I admit I’ve been doing this telling off for a long time which has become a habit I wound up breaking when I got paired with you. 
I’m not sure who’s taken up the job of doing the telling off but I suspect one of the former gymnasts of the team a Human has taken up the job due to noticing her hanging around the team before the competition with some glare on her face aimed at the athletes who looked nervous seeing her.”
Eric gently squeezed Niya’s hand as she paused to pat his hand with her other hand then she kept talking “I think this telling off to the Americanian team to get along is a factor in why their seen acting peaceful with each other which resulted in them winning team titles and being undefeated. 
This might get copied by the other teams once they find out about this.”
He frowned as he heard Merra’s voice sounding in his mind “Actually this telling off Niya was doing she copied a Prussian doing it to the Prussian team when she was old enough to get it the gymnastics sport which she wound up doing it to the Americanian team after witnessing the Prussian team winning a team medal and hearing them flaunt the medal win. She figured to herself that the telling off would get the Americanians to win the team titles which she has been doing it for years and that one of the team members copied her figuring out that it’ll get the Americanians to win.”
He exhaled a breath to see Niya’s face turn into a big frown which he figured to himself that Merra broadcast her talk to Niya besides him. 
He frowned staring at Niya to hear Eric Junior’s voice speaking “This telling off sounds interesting worth doing once I’m declared Emperor.” 
Eric exhaled a breath to twist his form to stare at his son who stared back at him which he signed removing his hand from Niya’s hand “Junior where did you hear this declaration of being Emperor?”
He frowned as Eric Junior spoke “Emperor Nadal Visser has people keeping an eye on me. Some of those people were blabby about the declaration of Emperor when I confronted them on spying on me as in staring at me while I traveled around the city which I told them off to cut doing it. They wound up telling me of an Oceanan Emperor named Nadal Visser not having a heir to the throne and that my Mother is a descendant of the same family line as Visser himself hence they looking at me as the next Emperor and doing the spying which they won’t stop doing despite me telling them off.”
Eric felt himself get annoyed signed “What’s your reaction to that? It has me annoyed.” 
He stared at his son who spoke “Yah I’m annoyed myself due to that I can take care of myself and don’t need people’s help with things which they won’t stop doing it. 
Such as today, I wandered around the city and discovered when I went to cross the roads traffic was halted by law keepers escorting me, uninvited, which I was forced to cross the road just to get traffic moving again.”
Eric felt his annoyance take hold signed “Perhaps I should have a little talk with the Emperor about this for this fuss on you is getting ridiculous.” 
He frowned as he saw his son formed a frown on his face as Eric Junior spoke “Don’t bother. Its not the Emperor doing it, it’s the restless natives of the city doing it due to being aware that they did this to Nikolas when he traveled around the city as in spying on him and having a law keeper escort. 
They also did this, I’m told to Nikolas’s human mate Georgina, I believe is her name when she coached the Americanian gymnastics team to a world championship title on Oceana’s soil after qualifying to the finals for the first time. 
Georgina was responsible for Americanian gymnastics team’s success of being the first of any nation of having the first individual world champion to win a Terrania Unity Games title on the same event the athlete was champion of. Turns out the athlete was her own daughter Yevengina Visser who wound up winning that event undefeated even when she competed for Rania and retired to compete in another sport.
Yevengina, I heard, wound up declared President of Rania after Rania’s president passed away abruptly while attending the Terrania Unity Games in Shonsurra which she made history as the first national ruler to compete and win a gold medal at the games. 
I heard that she has a descendant, a Human male named Mykaru, who according to Human growth standards is still a child and that he’s the only child of Ranian parents due to that his mother wound up with Marisaki’s syndrome soon after she birthed him. Poor Mykaru won’t be able to take the Emperor throne once Nadal Visser passes away which will leave me to take the throne unchallenged hah.”
Eric frowned hearing his son’s words as Eric Junior continued to talk “Oh the fuss the city did to Georgina was that at the time she lived Americania declared a strong dislike towards Oceana’s Emperor at the time. 
She coaching the Americanian team to a world title on Oceana’s soil was considered a victory due to that Oceana has been undefeated in any team sport on their home soil. It was the first time Americanians won anything on Oceana’s soil and that Americania still stands as the only nation to win team titles on Oceana’s soil and that is mostly in gymnastics. 
The Americanians have been spotty with other team sporting competitions in Oceanan hosted sporting events but they always won in gymnastics.”
Eric frowned hearing that as his son paused from talking which he looked away to stare at his hands sensing a memory of himself mating with Brianna flashed in his mind. 
He felt himself a little smiley to sense his mind scanned as the memory persisted and then felt something like an object hit him on the side of his head and heard Niya exclaim “Eric Junior!”
He stopped the smiley feeling as he heard Eric Junior’s angry voice speaking “He’s mating with that Brianna in his mind.”
Eric exhaled a breath as the headache stopped followed by Niya’s hand on his chin jerking his head towards her which he looked at Niya who had a glare on her face. 
Niya spoke sounding serious “It’s about time you showed what really happened to Brianna and why your son seems to think you’re sharing me with her as me for your body and her for your mind.” 
He exhaled a breath through his mouth and forced himself to nod his head which he felt Niya’s hand off his chin and he got up from the couch to face Eric Junior who gave him an angry glare. 
He signed “Come with me while I show you something to explain why Brianna is in my mind.” 
He got no response from Eric Junior who wordlessly got up from the armchair glare still on his face which he went to the quarters’ door sensing his son and Niya following along with Jiang which he went out to the hallway and entered the elevator which went down making its familiar noises. 
Eric frowned as the elevator stopped showing the familiar shield door which he walked out and went to the door undoing a glove and attached sleeve to bare his hand which he thrust into the shield. He felt relief hit him as the shield stopped followed by the door sliding open showing its familiar room with contents in it. 
Eric walked inside adjusting his arm back into the sleeve and attached glove while sensing people following him which he found Brianna’s coffin easily and went to it to stand next to it and looked at Eric Junior as he stood. 
He waited as Eric Junior took a look of Brianna lying in the coffin then looked at him which he signed “This is Brianna, the one in my mind who is dead laying there.” 
He saw Eric Junior’s eyes narrow followed by his son looking at Brianna then again looked at him. 

Eric switches with a pained voice tone:
I felt my mind scanned to sense a memory of Brianna flashing in my mind which I remembered was seeing her in the bathroom crying while in the Zeskaya, a twin of the Zesky Asylum, ship, asked her why she was upset and she told me of losing her looks, that her appearance was going through another change. My response was that her eyes will always be the same with the same look in them that she always given me, she appeared to be accepting of that but still crying away. I recalled I jerked my eyes down away from my son as I felt the familiar mental pain of hurt hitting me ignored the headache of my mind scanned. 
I continued to remember a memory of Brianna speaking her words that she loved me and will always be with me. Along with passing away soon after that and recalled my reaction towards her death was to cuddle with her lifeless body and balked leaving the water ship till Jiang arrived and managed to convince me to leave it carrying Brianna’s lifeless body out onto the land deck where the water ship sailed away out of sight. I haven't seen that thing since despite Merra doing transportation bits onto me. 
As I was saying I felt tears dripping from my eyes, as I felt my knees weak dropped to the ground wrapping arms around my front and gently rocked my form as the headache of my mind scanned stopped abruptly. 
I heard voices speaking, felt myself too upset to pay attention to the words as my eyes continued to flow tears felt my arms wretched from my middle followed by hands grabbing me and pulling me forwards towards a feminine body. I sensed was Niya’s and wrapped my arms around her burying my face on her shoulder. 
I grimaced from the mental pain of hurt continued to hit me and tightened my hold around Niya feeling her hands on my back and the side of her head leaning against my head and felt her hands rubbing me in a slow movement that soothed me as I shut my eyes grimacing forcing myself to tolerate the mental pain feeling of hurt hitting me-

Eric cut himself off to give off another roar but this time as Breaker's hand was seen on his shoulder gently rubbing the area. He appeared to ignore Breaker's hand to continue the story ignoring the hybrid hovering next to him. This time, Eric wound up exchanging the story to some other subject, as if the subject of Brianna was painful to talk about.

Eric switching to third person:
Eric sat in his quarters staring at the TV monitors feeling annoyance take hold for Niya had the remote in her hand and was balking on turning on the TV despite him signing to her to do it. He felt his annoyance take hold thrust his form towards Niya to grab for the remote who switched hands as if anticipating him doing that which he got up and grabbed for the remote who threw it behind her. 
He saw it land near Jiang who picked it up and tossed it to a guard who left the quarters and then came back followed by Eric Junior holding the remote in his hand. 
Eric glared at his son who spoke loudly “You can’t hide this from him forever for he’ll find out period. Believe me his reaction will always be bad anyway regardless of who tells him what’s going on.”
He folded his arms as Eric Junior went to the armchair to sit still holding the remote and heard the TV click on which he heard a female voice sounding "some rumor is going around that a trained in combative art Akylah male is challenging the Sun Lord in a physical combat battle with no rules. It's an anything goes fight along with having the arena be the gymnastic competition floor for the fight." 
Eric shook his head feeling disgusted as he threw his hands up and turned towards Niya to sign “Terrific what will get those species to back off challenging me to fights anyway?”
He sensed Eric Junior next to him that spoke “Ah Akylahs will be the ones who’ll tell the species to back off from fighting with you once it’s apparent you easily can defeat one of their species anyway. Don’t worry about the fight for you’ll easily defeat the fighter due to that he forgot that you’re a Legendian."

Eric adds "Legendians is speaking for species who are twin to me, only in hand forms. Mostly species that have clawed hands like I am that give off poison when scratching people and can hide in an invisible status. Their like any of the species on Terrania but have my clawed hands."

Eric continues speaking 
Eric Junior speaking "Legendians are said to be the strongest of all species when it comes to using fists in fights. 
Oh I managed to pinpoint the fighter and scanned his mind while he was out walking in the city and he has somehow been convinced by others of his own kind that you’re some kind of Human and that the subject of Legendians didn’t come up. Hmph he like his companions forgot really about you being a Legendian anyway.” 
He didn’t comment in response continued to hear from the TV "People have gathered around the Sun Lord’s entrance demanding him to accept the challenge and go to the Gymnastics arena as soon as possible where the fighter is waiting for him." 
He heard from Eric Junior “Ooh looks like that fighter isn’t the only one who forgot that you’re a Legendian.”
He threw his hands up and pulled his mask on and gave Jiang a glare that scanned his mind and he mentally spoke “I’m going to fight that Akylah so have a car ready for me anyway.” 
He got a head bob from Jiang who looked away which he went to stand near the quarters’ entrance door hearing the TV continue to blared stuff about him and the Akylah which annoyed him. 
He waited and heard from Jiang as a Highlander guard arrived “Car’s ready.” 
He pointed a finger at Eric Junior and Niya and signed “You both are coming with me period.” 
He got no protest from his mate and son which he went out of the quarters taking the elevator to the garage room and got inside a car which took him to a large building he recognized housed the World Gymnastics Championships which he entered finding that the seats were all filled up along with various camera devices aimed at him. 
He felt annoyance take hold formed a glare on his face and removed his mask as he went to the gymnastics floor exercise mat on a podium and walked up the stairs to see an Akylah, a male.

Eric adds "The Akylah, on identification, after my transfer to planet Aire appeared to be a humanoid version of a bald eagle, but have a more human like face and goggles over the eyes, and a Human like body but there's differences with males and females. Such as males have foot claws like an eagle while females have bare feet of a Human. Both species wear goggles over their eyes, unsure why."

Eric continued the story:
He glared at the Akylah that spoke “Interesting you won’t be able to defeat me stinking Human. No Human has ever defeated Akylahs in fights period.”
He bared his teeth in response and unfolded his arms mentally speaking “Guess again Akylah. I’m not Human smarty.”
Eric fisted his hands as the Akylah charged at him with arms and legs swinging which he met the male’s charge by doing combative art moves along with noticing that Eric Junior wasn’t kidding about Legendians being very strong by easily tossing aside the fighter who hit the mat with grunts before getting up and charging at him again. 
Eric felt annoyance take hold halted himself and waited as the Akylah charged at him which he grabbed the male by the neck with a hand around it in the front and lifted him up dangling his feet to hear a gasp from the fighter. 
He heard from the Akylah gagging out “What are you actually?”
He heard in response a very loud yell and heard the crowd echo the yeller’s words which he heard “What?! He’s Legendian not Human!”
He shook the Akylah who gagged out “I yield.” 
Eric dropped him onto the floor which he walked away towards the stairs to sense something behind him acting threatening in a charge move fell into a perfect split bending down and felt the Akylah trip over him with a loud grunt which he swung his legs and got up with an acrobatic move then folded his arms glaring at the Akylah who got up with a similar acrobatic move. 
He heard from the Akylah as the crowd quieted their noises “You’re not getting away with humiliating me you stinking Legendian.” 
Eric raised a hand fisted.

Eric adds: "That hand fisted method was I later learned was Akylah speak for 'I dominate you as your ruler.' Something I wasn't aware of at the time."

Eric continues:
Eric glared at the Akylah who did a double take look and backed off walking away from him in another direction which he watched him get off the podium ignoring the press’s people blaring in his face which he watched the male leave the arena walking out ignoring people all around him. 
He shook his head and folded his arms going to the stairs which at the bottom was Niya standing next to Eric Junior who he saw had as smirk look on his face. 
He kept the glare on his face as Eric Junior spoke “That should teach them next time not to pull that stunt again due to thinking of you being Human which is because of them not accepting that we’re the same species. They pull this stunt onto people whose offspring is the same species as them despite their mates being another species. Hmph they still won’t learn that this stunt isn’t acceptable anyway.”
He heard mentally from Jiang “I managed to scan the fighter’s mind. His reason for the fight was that the Akylahs in Prussia are currently challenging the Tsarina to pick a successor and that it can’t be her own offspring that happens to be a Human. I managed to get that the Tsarina in response has balked on accepting the challenge and now Akylahs in response to her balking are currently fighting among each other for their females to take the position.”

Eric adds "Akylahs in Prussia are female dominated by a title holder called Tsarina some form of leadership. Not sure why their female dominated. I suspect it was a retaliation move against the male domination of Oceana, their enemy nation. Still don't get it to this day why both nations hate each other like passion enough to cause insults."

Eric kept speaking the story:
He heard nothing more from Jiang but his son’s voice mentally speaking to him “Hit the car, I got an idea about solving the Tsarina issue I need to verbalize and can’t have anyone interfere with that period.” 
He obeyed putting on his hooded mask and walked out of the arena to the car which he sat and felt it take off in the air.

Eric adds "It took off in the air like a helicopter but without the blades overhead actually."

Eric kept speaking: 
He heard from his son verbalizing his words “I just recalled something from Mother telling me about a predecessor having a sister who wore a necklace belonging to the Tsarina when competing for Prussia in gymnastics to mark her as a slave belonging to the ruler. 
I have reason to believe that this Tsarina in question may have descendants including passing down this necklace which would identify them as the descendant. 
I believe this Tsarina’s descendant marked by the necklace if proven to be other than a Human will be the one who takes the throne as Prussia’s ruler. 
I suggest you challenge the Prussians by showing them a picture drawing of the necklace’s pendant and tell them that they are to give the exact reason for that symbol you’ll call it and once the reason is proven correct with proof of the necklace then that person is the ruler.”
He kept his arms folded as he heard from Niya “Argh our son is correct I know what the necklace looks like from being raised by a pair of Prussians with one of them wearing it and that was in Americania too many cycles ago. Junior, I’m uncertain that your idea would work due to that the necklace’s pendant design I was told by the Prussians who raised me is quite a popular design for Humans to wear marking them as slaves. I doubt that a non Human in Prussia would be wearing that anyway.” 
He eyed Niya who was frowning as he heard from his son “Actually I scanned the minds of various Akylahs in the city while traveling and discovered that they popularity believe that the design is for marking Humans as slaves. They don’t seem to know that the symbol was originally commissioned by a Tsarina marking her as a ruler, in their written language, which I suspect that only her descendants would know of that despite not seeing it in the minds of various Akylahs traveling in the city.” 
He felt the car stop flying and rolled to a stop which he looked out the window to see the vehicle was next to his personal plane. 
Eric exhaled a breath as Jiang spoke “The only way to settle this debate on who rules as Tsarina is for his majesty to go to Prussia and challenge the Prussians to answer the question of who originated that symbol along with the name of the Prussian who commissioned it. 
I know of the name and will tell you along with what you must do to get the Prussians to honor your challenge once you’re on the plane. 
Oh I’m afraid the Mistress and your son will have to stay behind for their safety. Akylahs from what I know of them would be quite violent towards non Prussians while their fighting for their females to be declared Tsarina.” 
Eric exhaled a breath to remove his mask and leaned towards Niya who placed a hand on his cheek which he kissed her on the lips then broke off the kiss feeling Niya removed her hand to put on his hooded mask then got out of the car getting into the plane followed by Jiang. He went to the couch room to sit and removed his mask leaning back feeling himself tired and shut his eyes sensing himself needing the rest which he passed out unconscious. 

Eric came to feeling a hand shaking his arm which he jerked open his eyes to see Jiang leaning over him that spoke mentally to him “We’re in Prussia in the capital city."

Eric adds "I'm not kidding when they used the name of Moscow as their capital city despite it a Human originated name."

Eric kept talking:
Jiang kept speaking "airport now. Sorry for waking you up but things you must know before the Prussians notice you here enough to give off demands towards you.” 
He bobbed his head as Jiang straightened up his form removing his hand and added still mentally speaking while holding up a paper rolled up handing it to him “Alright the Tsarina who commissioned the symbol was named Viladina Davidova mate name Borsova who wore it as a necklace around her neck. 
She gave the necklace to a Human named Natalia Borsova offspring of her own son Lodinu Borsov to mark her as her own slave so that Natalia could compete for Prussia on the acrobat or gymnastics team. Natalia in question is the same Natalia the Mistress mentioned to you who had a twin sister named Valeria mother of the Mistress herself.”
He unrolled the paper as Jiang paused with a gesture towards it which he obeyed seeing it was a drawing of something.

Eric adds "Was actually a Human religious symbol for a religion involving this deity god named Lance Richard said to be in Shonsurra's written language with his name said in it."

Eric kept talking:
Jiang, as he memorized the symbol, then rolled up the paper to shift his attention back to the Highlander. 
Jiang spoke again mentally “I suggest you show that paper to the Prussians namely their court and tell the Tsarina and offspring to keep their mouths shut and challenge them to answer on who commissioned that symbol and the name of the Prussian who did it.” 
Eric frowned but stared at Jiang with eyes narrowed which he sensed his mind continued scanned “I’m counting on you to scan the minds of the Prussians to see if they actually know the answer to that challenging question and what must be done if it turns out that they do.” 
He heard from Jiang mentally “It’ll be done as you ordered your majesty and excuse me for not verbalizing my words but Akylahs are known legendary for torturing people quite badly enough to get them to talk information that they want to know of.” 
He bobbed his head and put the paper away in an inside pocket of his jacket which he leaned back and stared out the window with a frown watching the scenery with mind wandering unknowingly of the time. 
He heard a throat clearing noise which he looked away and stared at Jiang to see an Akylah there who spoke in Basic “The Tsarina requests you to the palace for an explanation for the unannounced visit.” 
He got up and threw on his mask following the Akylah off the plane sensing Jiang following which he walked in the city noticing various Akylahs nearby walking with him which he ignored. Eric continued walking to hear a grunt from Jiang behind him turned around to see the Highlander appearing to be unconscious hauled away by two Akylahs moving fast darting away which he took a step to follow only to get blocked by a wall of Akylahs holding various objects in their hands he figured were weapons appearing to be sticks with blades on the ends, he later recognized as spears. 
Eric fisted his hands to feel a hand on his shoulder along with forced to turn around with such force which he found himself facing a male Drainer who removed his hooded mask with such force along with throwing liquid in his face by an object held in his other hand. He stiffened feeling water poisoning hitting him shut his eyes and felt himself passing out unconscious. 

Eric came to feeling a familiar urge like feeling hitting him jerked open his eyes finding himself in a familiar room he recognized as a cell belonging to the Tsarina sat up looking around to find bathroom facilities with a curtain in a corner which he got up darting towards it. He once done felt for the pictorial paper in his jacket to find it gone figured that Jiang talked on his actual reason for being in Prussia felt annoyance take hold went to the bed to sit staring at what he saw was the door to the cell. 
He glared at the door which opened showing an Akylah that spoke in Basic to him “Get out now.” 
He obeyed throwing on his hooded mask to walk out of the cell to meet two Akylahs which one walked off and felt himself pushed to follow which he didn’t protest followed walking various corridors till they reached the throne room to see it contained various Akylah of male and female forms there along with two Drainers standing next to the throne chair where a female Akylah was seated with arms folded, looking weak and old to him. 
Eric walked into the room sensing his escort stopped escorting him and continued walking till the female Akylah on the throne the Tsarina he assumed held up a hand shaking palm out which he halted his walking. He eyed the Tsarina who spoke words he assumed was in Prussian followed by one of the Drainers he noticed bending down behind the throne to lift something and threw it in front of him which he saw was a Highlander wearing Jiang’s uniform having a black and blue swollen face which was unrecognizable due to the injuries to the face. 
He removed the hooded mask off his face and narrowed his eyes into a glare as the Tsarina spoke sounding in Basic “Despite efforts of torture your guard refused to explain your presence in Prussia or why a Human slave symbol drawn on a paper was found on your possession after you were knocked out and stayed out for three suns.” 
He eyed the Drainers and moved his hands signing hearing one of them speaking his words in Basic using the words says along with hand language “My reason for the visit was due to spies telling me that your people have challenged you to name a heir to the throne and that the person cannot be your own offspring who is a Human. I’ve heard from the spies that you have balked answering to the Prussians’ challenge hence your own people fighting each other for their females to take the Tsarina position. I have come upon a solution for that hence my presence here in Prussia.” 
He folded his arms as the Drainer stopped talking which he eyed the Tsarina who spoke “What solution would that be hmm?”
Eric stiffened hearing an edge in her voice tone along with seeing a smirk on her lips figured to himself that Jiang must have talked his purpose here and that she lied about that. 
He signed words spoken by a Drainer “Why do I get the feeling that you seem to already know what the purpose is hmm?”
He folded his arms narrowing his eyes in a glare aimed at the Tsarina who’s smirk was off her lips which turned into a big frown followed by her speaking not in Basic but in foreign language and pointing a finger at him which he quickly put on his hooded mask in a fast move as various male Akylahs in his eyes sight came charging towards him with legs and fists swinging aimed at him. 
Eric quickly remembered his combative art training by a Highlander and fighting an Akylah proceeded to use the moves onto the Akylahs along with using his great strength to throw them backwards away from him as they attacked him. Eric during the fight grabbed a hold of an Akylah by the neck and lifted him up dangling his feet to see the other Akylahs retreat in a fast move darting away from him while hearing them speaking something sounding similar in a panicky tone which he looked at the Tsarina who did a double take look with her head. 
He glared at the Tsarina and tossed aside the Akylah he had by the neck and faced her with hands fisted which he raised a hand fisted and waved it to hear growling from the two Drainers loudly. 
Eric unclenched his hands to sign words spoken by a Drainer “You better have a good explanation for this insulting behavior towards me and my personal guard. I came to help you with a problem and this is not how I expected to be treated by you as your planetary ruler.” 
He lowered his arms fisting them while keeping his hooded mask covering his head which he bared his teeth eyes still narrowed at the Tsarina who spoke in Basic “My apologies, your majesty, for the insulting behavior. I admit I was checking something rumored about you which you have proven the rumor to be the truth. 
Excuse me, I do know of your purpose here, which only I and my guards, the Drainers have knowledge of it. I have managed to put this purpose in action while you were out asleep and given my people a time frame to give me an answer to the challenge which the appointment will arrive today.” 
Eric didn’t comment a response as he heard foreign language sounding behind him turned sideways to look seeing a pair of female Akylahs standing there each escorted by a male Akylah and heard them both speaking in Prussian sounding like getting into an argument. He frowned as the mask was yanked off his head followed by a needle injection was felt into his neck along with sleepiness shut his eyes passing out unconscious.

Eric adds "During my sleeping period of being drugged, I wound up to dream of the water ship of myself wearing my uniform of sweats as their called, while on the water ship getting up from bed looking around confused. I wound up told by Brianna alive there that I fell asleep from having a headache."
"I don’t comment in response heard from Brianna again 'Ricky left the water ship and didn’t come back at the appointed time. Cassie went to look for him. She said that she’ll call once she finds him.'” 
"I frowned in response feeling myself confused got up from the bed to leave the room sensing Brianna following me which I entered the hallway to go to the cafeteria. I wound up finding Lana there, looking older with Yuri, her mate, both sitting back to a wall near the door with my sister having a worried expression on her face. I went to the machines that seemed unlimited on getting nourishment, to get dishware and got some nourishment. I went to sit and ate the food and drank the drink taking my time eating and drinking. I once done placed the dishes in the dishwashing machine then stood with arms folded staring at Lana who ignored me staring at her." 
"I heard a shrilling sound watched as Lana darted up grabbing an object from the wall and put it in her ear speaking 'Hello!' and then pausing." 
"Lana spoke out loud 'Eric, its Cassie, she found him.'” 
"I darted towards Lana unfolding my arms and took the object from her and stuck it on my ear, I later learned was a phone in Human terms, me speaking 'It’s your father. How’s Ricky doing?'” 
"I heard Cassie’s voice on the line speaking 'He’s doing alright. Hold on a minute please.'”
"I heard a click sound along with a light flash looked off my right to see two adults, a male and female with looks of me and Brianna, on their faces, while the male was staring at the floor. I figured to myself that they were Cassie and Ricky dropped. I dropped the phone I called it a caller, I assumed I’ll call it and tip tossed myself towards them as the scene went black." 

Eric continued the story:
He came to finding himself lying on a bed wearing Sun Lord uniform feeling the tip tossing quite violently figured he was on a plane. He sat up from the bed feeling a familiar urge felt the tip tossing too violent for him to get up only to hear a boom sound followed by the plane felt like it was falling down blinked his eyes to find the scene changed which he found himself back in his quarters in Americania while sitting on the floor to feel himself grabbed by Niya who kissed him on the lips. 
Eric kissed back and broke it off while staring at Niya with a frown who spoke “Communications with your plane went dead along with a distress signal detected that was cut off.”
He exhaled a breath through his mouth and then raised his hands to sign “What about the crew of the plane? What happened to them and Jiang?”
He heard in response a male voice sounding Merra like to him sounding in his mind “I can answer that. My name is Tank, mate of Merra, just to let you know of that. Anyway I managed to transport everybody off the plane to various locations to safety. I afraid you’ll be grounded for awhile. Some light storm hit your plane and caused it to crash into the ocean and fall apart while sinking pieces into it. 
Jiang is fine at the hospital at the moment. As for you, you were drugged with some kind of sleeper drug that’s very bad for Legendians to take due to that it leaves them very sick but lucky your Human side counterattacked it to put you in some sleep state to occupy your mind while it gets the drug to some place in your body for getting it out. 
You’ll be hearing from me again later.”
He felt the headache stop exhaled another breath to feel Niya hugging him who he accepted the hug feeling himself relieved to be fine and alive. 
He broke off Niya’s hug to get up from the floor and signed to her “I need to be checked out by the doctor once I’m done using the facilities to get this drug out of my system.” 
He heard from a guard abruptly “That will be done as ordered your majesty.” 
He frowned staring at the guard who added “Ah Jiang specified that guards be fluent in hand language due to you using that method of communication besides having mind scanned.” 
He nodded his head and went into the bedroom darting into the bathroom slamming the door. 

Eric came out once done feeling himself much better and relieved to see Niya sitting on the bed. 
He signed “Where’s Junior anyway?”
He heard from Niya “Undergoing required combative art training at the moment. I insisted that Junior do that due to that he was pacing in front of me and seemingly itching to do something after hearing no word from you for awhile.” 
He rubbed a hand on his forehead and went to Niya who got up putting hands on his chest which he hugged her in response. 
Niya, he stared at spoke “I think you should be in bed resting. I insist on you doing it due to that there’s reports of you being water poisoned along with drugged with that awful drug as well.”
Eric felt sleepiness hitting him figured it was either Merra or Tank doing it let go of Niya to go to his dresser to exchange his uniform for gloves and pajama pants which he put on then got into bed and shut his eyes feeling himself passing out unconscious. 

Eric came to sensing sunlight blaring in his face jerked open his eyes to glare at the window finding the shade up and a familiar plant, dubbed Waker shaped like a Human eyeball staring via the window, he saw sitting outside looking in. He rolled over and threw the blankets over his head shutting his eyes only to get them yanked from him with force. 
He heard “Oh no you don’t Eric, your getting up as ordered by the doctor who says that you need nourishment to account for the water poisoning and drugged status.” 
He opened his eyes to stare at Niya wearing the Mistress uniform standing next to the bed with hands on her hips a glare on her face who added “Eric, up now!” 
He obeyed to exchanged his pajamas and gloves for uniform and boots which he put on his form and left the bedroom followed by Niya which he went to the dining table and sat down finding himself terribly hungry gobbled up all the food and gulped down the drink after taking a test sip of it for water and finding it not water took it down. He leaned back once done to notice Jiang not around. 
Eric stared at a guard and signed “Where’s Jiang?”
He heard from the guard who spoke verbalizing his words “With regrets Jiang had to retire from his duties as your personal guard due to a medical condition discovered by doctors that requires him to take his health as priority.” 
He frowned and signed “What medical condition is that anyway?”
He got from the guard “I believe its dubbed Chennikova’s syndrome named after Tamyara Chennikova an Americanian athlete who wound up losing her ability to function abruptly all over without warning which surgery helped her have some mobility but she lost her ability to walk as a result."

Eric adds "I'm not even sure of what medical condition it is other than a status of being poisoned with some liquid, in water, as it's called to cause the body to be paralysis all over. Not sure of the surgical means but I suspect that Emperor Palin had Tamyara poisoned via her water bottle when it was obvious she was going to be a mate of his son, Pavel Palin who later got disowned by his own Father. I think the surgery was spoken for finding a cure to stop the poison for her to live again. Americanians, back then were tight lipped on poisoned status onto people by Oceanans and Prussians, refusing to talk about the subject, instead only said something else to explain it medically like what happened to Jiang who was poisoned."

Eric kept talking the story:
"She later passed away from the medical condition getting worse off in her body which is said according to doctors testing her body to cause her death. 
The hospital managed to invent some kind of test to detect that medical condition in people before it hits them without warning causing them to lose function all over and needing surgery to get mobility back which was found in Jiang and he had surgery immediately.
Oh I report that he was this close from body shut down due to his injuries from being tortured. Jiang is doing alright at the moment but sends his regrets on not able to personally tell you about retiring in person due to that he was transferred to another hospital in Americania specializing on rehabbing people from medical injuries where he’ll be there for awhile. He’s currently learning how to function with the medical condition due to that it shuts down body functions in various spots on the body and needing to learn how to get medical help for it along with keeping himself functioning.”- 

Eric again kept giving off roars but forced recorder to ignore the noises and focus onto his story, this time focused onto his son, born in Terrania fully grown to receive the Oceanan crown.

Eric wearing his hooded mask walked in the large tunnel lighted by large round overhead lights high above him that had sounds of water all around. He peered out the corner of his eyes to see his grown up, son, Eric Junior without any head covering walking besides him a mirror image of himself but had long hair who had a frown on his face whose golden eyes was staring at the metal floor. He could see Niya on the other side of Eric Junior walking besides him. He heard cheering and applause noises getting louder and louder as he walked through the tunnel till he reached a bend in the tunnel and walked to face a large opening that had a curtain covering it in the color of green one of Oceana’s flag colors. 

Eric adds "Oceana's flag was some version of a color green with a large yellow star in one side. Not very tasteful and seemed twin to a former Earth republic nation called Soviet Union or China whichever. With the exception of Americania, the rest of Terrania's flags were ridiculously twin to Oceana but had their own colors and twin stars. Americania had the flag of the United States of America from what I saw, back on Terrania. Not sure who's the one responsible for that flag in question, but I put the finger of blame at Yevgeny Visser, father of Georgina Visser who claimed to come off planet according to Niya during one of her talks to me.

Eric continues story: 
He stopped as Eric Junior and Niya stopped their walk. He turned and looked at his son as he saw Niya take Eric Junior’s clawed hand with a glove hanging off his wrist by a string with her hands. He gently laid a gloved hand on his son’s shoulder gripping the area in a gentle grip as Niya released her hold on his son’s hand. 
His son spoke in Oceanan “Oh well never thought this day would come.”

Eric adds "Oceanan from the sounds of it is twin to English and referred officially as Basic. Except Americanians refer it as Basic and refused to accept that the language is Oceana's spoken language."

Eric kept speaking story:
He heard Niya speak in Oceanan “I know I never thought this day would come either.”
Eric brought his other hand to Eric Junior’s chin moving his face towards him as he saw his eyes look at him. 
He signed with both hands “You’ll do fine, Junior.” 
His son lowered his eyes to mumble loudly “Ramia, want you here with me.”
Eric exhaled a breath at the name Ramia recalling the Trigan, an Orca shape shifter Humanoid, Eric Junior had taken as a mate who was still in the hospital recovering from the birth of his grandson a Human given the name of Niyan. He looked at the curtain to see it part aside in the middle and saw a head belonging to a Highlander stick in peering at them. The Highlander he saw nodded the head then stuck head back out parting the curtain back. He heard the noises of cheering and applause go silent by a roaring noise he recognized belonging to a Drainer amplified sounding at a very loud tone. 
He frowned as he heard a voice he recognized as Emperor of Oceana, Nadal Visser amplified speaking in Oceanan words he heard in a tone with oldness in it “Now that I have your attention I like to announce that I have found an heir to the throne who like I is a descendant of one of the children of Hades.” 
He heard gasping sounds of multiple voices speaking out their shock then went quiet. 
He heard the Emperor continue speaking “The heir is a descendant from the daughter of Hades’ oldest child, his son Yevgeny Visser.”
He looked at Eric Junior whose head was up eyes staring at the curtained wall which he placed a hand on his son’s shoulder while hearing him sigh loudly. 
He again heard the Emperor speak from a pause “May I present the heir to the throne to walk in and show themselves?”
He turned his head towards the curtain as he released his hold on his son’s shoulder that parted going aside which he could see a large wide walk way ahead of him with people of different races crowded on both sides heads looking towards him. Eric heard Eric Junior hiss a breath as he walked forward with him and Niya following. Eric as he and others entered the stadium heard the crowd give off sounds of shock which he exhaled a breath at the noises. He with Niya followed Eric Junior walking down the walk way pass the crowd on both sides towards the dais on his right side where the Emperor stood with his Highlander mate and the racial and island leaders standing on both sides of the ruler. He stopped when Eric Junior stopped to turn right all three of them facing the Emperor who was standing in front of a microphone stand as they continued walking closer to the dais. He heard the crowd quiet down their noises as they walked to stand.
He stood as Eric Junior stood as the Emperor spoke “I present Eric Visser, son of your majesty the Sun Lord and the Mistress who is a descendant of one of the four children of Hades.”
He peered out the corners of his eyes to see Eric Junior’s attention was on the Emperor as the crowd gave out applause of clapping noises. He turned his attention to the Emperor who left the stand stiff walking towards Eric Junior who kneeled and watched as the ruler took the crown of water symbols, involving waves, off his head onto his son’s head and then backed up a few steps before bowing forwards towards him. He heard the crowd give off cheering noises as he turned his attention to Eric Junior who stood up and watched him turn around waving both hands then saw him lower his hands to stand eyes he saw looking at the crowd-

Eric interrupted himself to roar again followed by rubbing a hand onto his forehead and groaning loudly. Breaker's hand was seen onto his shoulder appearing to have fingers, digging into the area to Recorder's annoyance. Eric removed Breaker's hand in a fast speed move while giving the hybrid a glare.
"Just tell the story." Recorder heard, from Breaker. "Just keep on talking now."
Eric obeyed despite disgusted with Breaker resuming his hand's hold onto his shoulder and once again was saw the digging to Recorder's disgust this time telling a different story. This time using first person terms to tell the story.

I mentally talks to Emperor Shintaro Tanaka that my son was responsible for the poisoning and wants him to be present at my office as my voice and confront him on that. I sitting in my office with a Drainer there accuses through Emperor that my son poisoned him and then hears the Emperor order the Drainer to kill Eric like I was saying it sees the Drainer obey. I get up grabbing the Emperor who speaks that I shouldn’t touch him in my grief. I mentally ordered the Emperor to get the Drainer to leave which the male obeys and glares at the Emperor who walks around my desk and speaks that he was responsible for the poisoning along with poisoning Eric Visser as well. I fades into my invisible status to see the Emperor pull out a hand gun and speak that the gun has bullets formed from water which he’s assured will cause damage once inside the Sun Lord. I hears the door open showing President Victorian Kossman who has the Emperor arrested and hauled out of the room saying that shooting Emperor Visser is a low blow. Once I see the people are gone goes to Eric Junior revealing my form and leans over my son who wakes up opening his eyes and removes the facial mask showing fanged teeth along with flipping on the Hades mask along with Hades' suit forming onto his form. I wound up to swear some vulgarity comment aimed at Hades in some unflattering term while punching my son repeatedly over and over who blocks my punches and gets up still blocking my punches. I halted my attack to glare at my son who grabs me by the neck and snarls that Georgina is his sounding not like Eric to me. I found myself thrown out the window opening by my back hitting it and falling towards the ground. I heard a familiar voice mentally speaking in my mind to get my feet facing the ground which I obeys and lands on my feet on the ground in a squat position before collapsing onto the ground and feels myself needing to sleep shuts my eyes while hearing voices scattered along with hands touching me. 

I woke up in the hospital told that I'm fine due to my body healing myself and that I slept for two suns. But there’s a public meeting at the stadium later as ordered by Hades who turned out to be Emperor Visser despite a rumor saying that he was seen getting on a plane to Oceana. I mentally through a Highlander ask for Niya and told that she’s in another room recovering from injuries from Hades attacking her. I insist on going to that room and is led to there to find Niya lying in bed having scar markings of scratches on her cheeks and arms along with wounds on her neck. I'm told that their waiting for her system to recover before doing any operations on her from Hades sucking her blood feels angry about that. Only to get calmed by Merra sounding in my mind that someone called Teojer is master and Lord of Hades and saved Niya from Hades’ attempt to kill her off for her rejecting his attempts to take her as his mate. I continues to hear from Merra that Teojer punished Hades harshly for that killing attempt and made him be aware of Ramia being his mate and that she has his offspring. Teojer emphasized belonged to Hades as his mate and that Hades from mind scans got Teojer’s lesson including with her. And Tank’s mind scans managed to remember his life as Eric Visser very clearly in his mind enough to do something about his Emperor status which he should go to the stadium and see what my son plans to do. 
I went to the stadium to find my son is not there and frowns hearing the crowd comment on that till the lights go out and monitor screen above shows Hades with face seen as my son. \Standing next to a Highlander that makes me stiffen seeing the male looks like Emperor Palin, as in twin of him, while my son is speaking Oceanan. While hearing Drainer voices translating my son’s talk in Basic and Americanian saying that he gives up the throne with a price tag. 
My son continues that he oath he’ll name his successor and will do it before turning sideways to point a finger at the Highlander calling him Pavel Palin and saying that he’ll take the throne. He’s a descendant of Emperor Palin through the ruler’s exiled son Pavel Palin and witnessed the crowning while hearing my son saying that Emperor Palin kept his oath of returning to rule Oceana and adds a welcome back comment. 
I frowns seeing that as the screen goes black followed by the lights turning on hears from President Victorian Kossman that the games will continue as requested by people unanimously asking her to do that while walking among them. I leaves the stadium to go to the hospital to stay with Niya and sleeps on a bed passing out unconscious comes to find Niya gone. I told that her system recovered for the doctors to do surgery as in fixing the scratch marks on her face and other body areas so no markings will be seen. I feels relieved to hear hears from Tank that my son apologies for what he did to his mother. Tank says that he’ll apologize to Niya once she’s aware enough to receive plant talk along with that he’s staying in Oceana to protect their Emperor as a personal body guard with his Master Teorjer to keep him in line with his duties. I hears from Tank that my son will face his father in person for his action and with Teorjer there will receive punishment for what he did when the time arrives. I will able to give out the punishment without Hades’ interference. I hears an edge in Tank’s voice as the plant becomes silent along with my mind stopped scanned. I wound up to look at my Highlander guard who is looking at me and mentally orders for some nourishment to be brought to me for I needs it period. I sees the guard look away to stare at a guard standing in the doorway who walks off which I goes to a chair and sits with arm folded. 
I gets food on a tray on top of movable cart and gobbles up the food while scanned by a doctor along with forcing myself to sip the drink for water and gulps it down when its not. I feel myself much better finds my strength returning along with the faint urge to sleep stopping hitting me figures that my body was trying to recover from the fall by putting me to sleep. I figures that food was helping me recover. I goes to the bed and sits leaning back on it and eyes the doctor who continues to scan me which I feels I needs to digest the food shuts my eyes.
I wound up to dream of walking in a familiar forest and meets Claws feels angry towards the male who holds up a hand and changes form to Kurpanov my older brother, who's a Surrai as the species are dubbed but not sure where he went once Terrania finished its life spans. I calms down from that along with seeing Kurpanov change back into Claws who speaks that he’s here to talk and that’s about it. 
I forces myself to listen to Claws’ talk who speaks that there are two people Hades can’t defeat in fights is Lord Teorjer and whoever the body form holding the Hades title fathered him for there’s some programming in Hades that makes him surrender to both. My son will not be able to defeat his father in a fight due to that the programming while makes him surrender. I continue to listen as Claws speak that his communication to me is to assure of one thing that I has the strength to physically defeat Hades in a fight and that the strength will activate whenever my mind senses myself fighting Hades and will take over assuring me to physically defeat Hades. 
I frowned hearing an edge in Claws’ voice as Claws adds that Kurpanov left programming in my mind with the help of a mind walker help me, as his brother get out of trapped situations which shocks me hearing that. Claws adds that Kurpanov’s programming saved my life from the fall when thrown out a window which I realizes that the voice I heard from time to time is Kurpanov’s voice and the programming. 
Claws who adds that people descendant of Claws’ victims mention the name Claws to me and I’ll remember what he did to their family predecessor. That remembering will only activate whenever the descendant says the name of Claws in my presence and it doesn’t matter if it's mentally or spoken. 
Claws adds that my family paid debt of honor to various victims of Claws who dropped their grudge against me and that there’s still a few having the grudge but they won’t physically hurt me but will only confront me by talking period and finds my eyes forced shut by Claws passes out unconscious. 

I come to feeling a hand on my arm looks at my guard who speaks that the surgery to fix Niya’s injuries was successful and she’s here recovering from it at the moment. I get up and goes to her then sits in a chair putting my hand over her hand staring at her face seeing her face is looking intact without scar markings on it and scrutinizes the areas to see faint pink lines that are appearing to fade from view. I puts my head down on top of her hand and shuts my eyes feeling myself relieved that Niya will be alright.-

Eric at the moment gave up another roar while repeatedly displaying all black (color in Human terms) eyes for each bout of roaring. He wound up shaking his head in some no gesture and kept on urged by Breaker to tell the story which he obeyed despite interruptions of his roaring. Eric wound up telling another story this time appearing to be a subject change, still using the first person telling. 

I entered the stadium and waits as the President arrives accompanied by Oceana’s newest Emperor which seeing comments through Highlander speaking with a microphone in his hand that I never thought he would see Emperor Palin again and is surprised on how he returned from hiding which crowd gives off shocked sounds. I heard from the Emperor that he’s actually a descendant from the Emperor’s exiled son Pavel Pave Palin and someone pointed out the resemblance to Emperor Palin his predecessor to him and he’s not surprised by that. The President introduces the Emperor to the crowd saying that he’s Emperor Pavel Palin and listens as the Emperor thanks her for the introducing along with being here to see the athletes compete for medals. The other leaders go up to the Emperor greeting him and notices that Emperor Shintaro Tanaka isn’t among them and frowns wondering if he’s still contained in a cell due to witnessing the President arresting him. 
I don’t get an answer during the ceremonies of honoring Oceana’s newest Emperor figures that I’ll ask the President privately later which doesn’t find an opportunity finds after the ceremony goes to the hospital. To see Niya up and awake looking upset and says to me that Hades kept mistaking her as Georgina Visser which she kept putting him off. He scanned her mind like a Highlander, indicating he's a mind walker, and found she wasn’t who he thought she was and wound up scratched by him. Along with clothes yanked off and again scratched followed by having blood sucked. She’s told that someone named Teorjer arrived and kept Hades from drinking her to death. She’s not sure how Teorjer did it due to that she passed out during the sucking and doesn’t remember anything after that. 
I signs to her that our son revealed himself to be Hades and threw me out a window which I managed to land safely but required a hospital stay of sleeping for a few days rest. I continues to sign that Hades went to Oceana and got someone a descendant of Emperor Palin to take the throne. I later pointed out to the people that the Highlander male has a facial appearance of the original Emperor Palin after meeting the male himself in the stadium in Americania-

Eric halted the story telling to give up another roar despite him telling recorder "Don't type that roaring hissy fits of mine down for respects."
Breaker overheard saying "The recorder is to type whatever she hears including our words so quit telling her that and tell the story now."
Recorder wound up ordered by the High Council via Meritanian to type down anything she hears even if Eric is throwing hissy fits.

Eric wound up continuing the story still using first person talk:
I sits in my office wearing mask over my face and eyes the window seeing it’s intact and recalls myself told that the window had some open mechanism that opened when I was thrown at it getting myself out of it and falling to the ground. I waits as Teorjer I sees is a familiar Human male dressed in all white gonoid skin clothing that looks much fitted to his form along with long white hair. Aka twin to the Elemental of Air person hanging around planet Aire zapping people with lightening. I sees Hades who appears to be looking at me with a mask covering his face and ignoring Niya standing next to me as I'm sitting. I forms a glare on my face removes my mask and sees Hades take a step back along with jerking his head sideways. I hears from Teorjer that reaction will always happen whenever Hades sees the Sun Lord’s face period. 
I gets up from the desk and walks around it feeling something hitting me like a sense of something familiar by roaring noises within the back of my head I confused to have it at the time. And goes to Hades who grabs my neck and recalls my combative art training twists Hades’ hand off my neck along with holding the warrior’s wrist in a tight grip and sees Hades struggle to get his wrist freed by clawing my hand with his free hand and finding no success in freeing himself. 
I continues to hold Hades’ wrist feels my mind scanned and sees Hades in my mind walking down a hallway and pause which I sees at the end standing in front of an apparent open door is three figures I recognizes as Kurpanov, Claws and Tikcanni. I frowns wondering why they were there, including Tikcanni that annoying son of a bastard, Highlander. I wound up to feels Hades stop scanning my mind followed by the scene going black and continues to eye Hades who again struggles to free his wrist despite my hold being ironclad. 
I hears from Teorjer that its enough and an order to release Hades period which I obeys to block a fist from Hades holding the fisted hand in an ironclad grip continues to eye Hades. Teorjer speaks to Hades that the Sun Lord is his body form’s father which I senses Hades’ struggles stop followed by Hades I senses is staring at me by the head position. 
I eyes Hades’ yellow orbs to see Hades reach out a hand and doesn’t react from Hades’ hand touching me on the cheek followed by feeling the hand curl as an attempt to make a scratch on my face by fingertips touching me. Doesn’t react feels the fingers digging along with Hades suddenly jerking in my grip like something painful is hitting the warrior and feels his hand off my cheek along with a groaning sound. 
I eyes Hades as I frees the warrior’s fist that puts hands on his forehead and bents down groaning loudly which I continues to stare at the warrior who groans out a familiar son of a bitch comment very loudly. An Akylah insult term against females who bore them actually. 
I hear Teorjer correct Hades on the proper use of language followed by Hades speaking that he figured out what Master Teorjer tried to tell him followed by Hades straightening up his form removing his hands. I eyes Hades who adds that its not fair that he’s stuck having to put up with not able to defeat his body form’s father in a fight due to that the Hades programming won’t let him do it. I refrains from smirking keeps the glare on my face while eyeing Hades as Teorjer speaks behind me the word Georgina which I narrows my eyes fisting my hands glaring at Hades who I sees is looking at me and Niya back and forth. I again hear from Hades a not fair comment that he can’t have who he wants as his mate this time due to manipulating people to get Georgina to mate with him. 
I continues to glare at Hades as Teorjer speaks that its not what he meant and hears from Hades an apology for hurting Niya using her name while still staring at me and gives off a head bob then walks away going around the desk to Niya and grabs her hand putting it on my cheek and kisses her on the lips feeling no protest from Niya about my actions. I breaks off the kiss and removes Niya’s hand and sits down folding my arms keeping the glare on my face while staring at Hades again still noticing that the warrior is looking at me by head position. I continues to glare at Hades hears from Teorjer a question what Hades has to say to his body form’s father which I hears from Hades an apology for throwing me out the window and again gives off a head bob but keeps the glare on my face aimed at Hades followed by Teorjer speaking to him that he should accept the apology period and stop being angry at Hades. 
I looks at a Highlander guard and mentally speaks through the male that I accepts the apology and expects Lord Teorjer to keep Hades in line from now on along with refraining him from hurting Niya again for I'm furious with Lord Teorjer’s failure to prevent her injuries from happening and isn’t happy with him at the moment hence my angry attitude. 
I looks away to glare at Teorjer who speaks that the Sun Lord’s words is valid and that his majesty has a point for being angry at him for Hades had no excuse to hurt Niya and oaths that he’ll handle punishing Hades if Niya gets hurt again with the assistance of the body form’s father who both should be able to punish Hades harshly. 
Points a finger at Teorjer and looks at my guard mentally speaking that I expects Lord Teorjer to keep his worded oath on that and looks at the male who looks me in the eyes and speak that he has his worded oath while speaking in a firm tone which I wills myself to calm and stops the glare along with putting my hands down on the table clasping them together still looking at the male. 
I hears the door open sees President Victorian Kossman, a Human female, I didn't realize at first was having an appearance twin to Niya's aka Georgina Visser's facial appearance, come in that forms a confused look on her face seeing Teorjer and notices a glare form on the male’s face that aims it at Hades while raising a finger and waving it at the warrior. I watches as Teorjer lowers his finger and stops glaring while speaking asking his majesty what else he can do for me which I looks at my guard and speaks nothing but says that they can leave and sees both Hades and Teorjer obey followed by the President speaking that they recorded something serious and want to show it to his majesty. I frowns speaks through Highlander a fine show me comment and is shown on device, later indentified as a laptop computer, a video recording of a scene of overhead. Emperor Tanaka pacing in a cell followed by the male groaning loudly and hitting the floor shaking his form with clothes and body form shredding backwards showing Teorjer in his place who kneels on the floor appearing to have eyes shut and then scene goes black. 

I stares at the President who speaks that mind walkers scanned Teorjer’s mind and found Tanaka unreachable in the back of the male’s mind and that Teorjer verbally told them off on scanning his mind including threatening that the mind walkers would die if they persisted scanning him. Mind walkers sensed some illness hitting them when they persisted on trying to reach Tanaka in Teorjer’s mind. I looks at my guard and mentally speaks asking if they have shown Shonsurra the recording. I hears from the President that they shown the recording to their Ambassador who had mind walkers scan Teorjer’s mind for anything related to the Emperor. The mind walkers wound up hospitalized for trying to contact Tanaka in Teorjer’s mind. The mind walkers according to the President are doing alright and from scans suffered a bad headache that suggested that Teorjer had some kind of shield that would make mind walkers pass out if they deep scanned him and it doesn’t matter if their touching him or not for the shield would prevent them period from doing anything-

Eric paused from the talk to appear to be staring at the Recorder with eyes narrowed and far away look on his face like he's remembering something. Recorder gets annoyed with the staring lengthy and silence gives off throat clearing noises sounding lengthy.
Breaker breaks off the silence by tapping Eric on the shoulder while speaking "The story what were you saying actually?"
Eric wound up shaking his head after another hissy fit as overheard Meritanians are calling it to continue his story. This time changing the subject and still using the first person term.

I sleeps in bed wakes up yanking something from my face and tearing it apart throwing the pieces at the wall off my left and realizes it’s a Hades mask and sees Hades lying on the floor having my son’s face that groans loudly and sees a Hades mask form over my son’s face who gets up shaking his head followed by disappearing in a flash of light. I hears from Tank mentally that its what he suspected and feels like needing an explanation mentally asks for one which I hears from Tank that I has some kind of mental connection to the planet Terrania hence I being able to control the planet’s shields and weapons. Something I don't have when it comes to protecting planet Aire as assured by Edenia saying she'll give protection now. I finds its what he suspected that Hades’ life form won’t be able to connect form onto my body due to that planet’s connection is very strong and preventing it. 
I frowns hearing that as Tank adds that he suspects that due to the planet’s connection and the Hades’ mask on my face triggered something powerful for me to fight off Hades physically in fights and control over the Drainer identical to Teorjer’s control and it doesn’t matter if its related to me being the body form’s father. 
I frowns hearing that further as Tank continues that Teorjer fell asleep and Hades took advantage of that to get into my quarters knocking aside my guards to put the mask on my face. The planet’s connection override the Hades’ mask mentally getting me to yank it off and tear it apart as a way of stopping Hades from forming over my body like what Edenia oath to me won't happen if anyone tries to sicken Hades onto me. 
As I was saying I continues to hear Tank add that it’ll be Teorjer who’ll make Hades learn not to put the mask on my face due to that Teorjer has some kind of mental link with Hades that lets him know what Hades is doing even while asleep and that it was him who asked the plants to transport Hades back to him after being aware of his attempt to get me into Hades and sensing what Tank suspected happened what he’s saying to me at the moment. I don’t comment hears from Tank that I should sleep and feels sleepiness shuts my eyes and passes out unconscious.

Comes to sensing daylight opens my eyes and spots the window shade is glowing followed by the door opening heard and sits up to stare at my guard in the doorway who mentally speaks a just checking comment. Due to guards found knocked out by Hades and the plants transporting Hades back to Teorjer in response. I nods my head and watches the Highlander shut the door leans over Niya kissing her on the lips while having one of her hands touching my cheeks. I wakes her up by her giving off a loud mm sound. I breaks off the kiss to stare at her and feels like needing to mate with her does it without her protesting to it but makes it quick and once done kisses her on the lips. Pulls out to get dressed into my uniform and then sees Niya in her uniform goes to her gently touching her cheeks examining them seeing nothing serious on them.
She speaks that it was some kind of new procedure invented which they tried out on her and appeared to work due to that she doesn’t have any scars. I hugs her and then leaves the bedroom first to duck as Hades fist swings over me and finds Teorjer in the room telling off Hades to back off. The warrior doesn’t listen continues to throw fists at me which I charges full body attack into Hades and hears a grunt from the warrior who falls backwards onto the floor with me on top. I quickly gets up to throw a foot onto Hades’ front holding the warrior onto the floor who finds no success on removing my foot from his chest continues to squirm which I glares at with a nasty glaring angry look. I hear from Teorjer speaking sounding like he’s talking to Hades that it’s what he warned him about seeing it happening and that the Sun Lord is aware of it from the look on his face. 
I senses Hades stop struggling and senses the warrior is eyeing me before groaning loudly speaking "Argh you warned me, Teorjer." 
Comment along with saying seemingly talking to Teorjer that he should listen to him next time he warns him of something due to that Teorjer is keeping him from suffering pains as a result. I hear from Teorjer that I can release Hades now and that Hades gets the point of the lesson he is teaching to Hades. Obeys removing my foot and steps back and forms a neutral expression on my face willing myself to calm figuring out that being angry isn’t a good idea due to that Hades learned a lesson and needs to see that myself agrees with Teorjer’s talk. 
I eyes Hades who gets up shaking his head while again giving off an Argh comment and saying that he figured out that Teorjer knows what’s best for him and hates it when Teorjer is right on that due to that he knows how to keep him from suffering pains. I hear from Teorjer that Hades should take the lesson as a learning experience along with further lessons he’ll learn later when the time is right to learn them. Hears groaning from Hades followed by the warrior speaking to Teorjer that he better have something for him to feed on for he’s in the mood to do it. I eyes Teorjer who speaks loudly asking Tank and Merra to transport the both of them out to another location he hears sounds like Oceana to me, by the name of Sydney used, which is a city in Australia, and finds them both disappear in a flash of light. 
I hears from Tank that the plants made Teorjer aware of Ramia and Niyan by Eric Visser who is her mate which it was the plants’ suggestion to have them both transported to Ramia just for Hades to meet her and have Teorjer teach him to accept her as his mate due to his body form is her mate. Goes to eat food finding myself hungry and sips the drink before gulping it down. Goes to the couch to sit and eyes the TV monitors that are off. I hears from Merra unexpectedly that she figured out something involving the protecting the planet trick which is the planet Terrania will let me know when she’s in danger by having me hear a scream sound in my mind that’ll continue the whole time she’s in danger till the danger stops and then the sound will stop. Hearing that as Merra continues that she thinks if I keeps my eyes open while doing the protecting the planet trick while kneeling some kind of shield will form over my body protecting me from harm while I'm protecting Terrania from danger. I mentally ask her if she got this from scanning my mind and hears from her that someone else went through this planetary trick and she just recalled the incident of Terrania in danger back then and adds that the person passed away awhile back and that the powers of protecting the planet transferred to me. Hears an edge in her voice tone as she adds that she’s not sure how the powers got transferred to me due to that she originally thought that the person’s oldest offspring would inherited the power ability and is surprised that it didn’t happen at all. Merra leaves my mind to feel Niya’s hand gripping my hand and looks at her who speaks that I looked like I was thinking of something which Tank told her that Merra was talking to me and didn’t want an interruption. I don’t sign anything to her puts my other hand on her hand gripping mine and pats it then hears her sigh followed by feeling her lean against me which I leans my head on the top of her head and frowns recalling Merra’s talk which I figures to keep it in mind. 
I hear a door opening sound followed by my Highlander guard speaking that the racial and island leaders are meeting in the president’s residence building in one of her meeting rooms. They have invited His Majesty to be there and have refused to say what the subject is and that for some unexplained reason they have balked inviting President Victorian Kossman to the meeting and that she put them in one of her meeting rooms that is rigged with various hidden recording devices and will be eavesdropping on their talk including monitoring them as well. 
I get up as Niya gets up and looks at my guard mentally speaking that I’ll attend the meeting and hears from the guard verbally that they specifically said to keep the Mistress out of the meeting. Glares at the guard who adds that he’s just repeating what’s he’s told. Glares at the guard and mentally speaks that I’ll go and that Niya can go to President Victorian Kossman’s location and eavesdrop with her on what’s said in the meeting. Hears from the guard repeating my words verbally and hears from Niya that she won’t complain about it and thinks it’s a good idea anyway. 
Puts on hooded mask and walks out of the apartment followed by Niya and guard which I takes a route to the garage room and gets into a car which sat with Niya next to me. Feels the car take off going to the President’s building which the car is brought inside to a garage similar to the Zesky meeting room on the landing pad deck and escorted to an elevator by a Presidential guard with guard accompanying and Niya. Once in the elevator hears my guard tell the President’s guard that the Mistress is here to meet President Victorian Kossman for a private meeting while the Sun Lord meets the racial and island leaders. 
Feels the elevator stop followed by the President’s guard order Niya to get out and tells guards standing outside to escort the Mistress to the President. Watches her leave followed by the elevator starting again going up then stops revealing a hallway and follows the guard out to a set of double doors where there’s two Presidential guards. Garbed in tan brown clothes of a High Council servant, but in a more tighter form, while their both in front of the door that one knocks three times followed by opening one door which I walks inside followed by my own guard and hears the door slam shut behind me. 
Sees the racial and island leaders gathered around a table and folds arms, glares at my guard who verbalizes my words asking what purpose on having me here and told that President Victorian Kossman wasn’t invited along with my mate and likes to know what their up to and it better not be something bad against Americania. 
Looks away to glare at the people as the Kenibian ruler dubbed King, via knowledge of his name as blared by a Meritanian, speaks sounding like talking to Emperor Palin about declaring Humans as slaves on Oceana. I looks at my guard and mentally speaks from memory that if Emperor Palin went through that the Humans would flaunt in the faces of the Oceanans a past incident of a preceding Emperor’s guards killing off his mate and blaming the assassination on Humans. The guards that did it were marked by Claws and later pointed out as responsible and then an Empress declared Humans as equals in response to that incident. 
Looks away to glare at Emperor Palin who appears to gulp and hears from the High Lord of Shadan the Shadonia’s leader that he has a similar situation Emperor Palin is having. That the Humans would flaunt in his face of an incident a preceding High Lord did which was ordering an attack on Americania’s city of Atlanta. A Human managed to outwit the invading Shadonia without bloodshed and managed to capture the High Lord back then to get the army to withdraw their invasion and that the High Lord’s capture was with a help of a traitorous Shadonian who on his deathbed confessed that he met a Human while on a scouting trip who charmed him into being friends. The traitor confessed the attack to the Human and then the Human managed to keep up the charm to gain enough information to do the outwitting on the Shadonia. The High Lord who continues that the High Lord in the incident after arriving home to Shadan made it a law for the invasion incident to be passed down along with declaring Humans as equals which High Lords after him kept the law and oath of equality. The High Lord continues that if he went through with such a slavery declaration the Humans would flaunt the invasion incident in his face along with that putting it to vote wouldn’t work due to that none of his people have expressed interests in voting on the matter instead ignored it due to that preceding High Lords have already tried that putting to vote matter and got the same results. 
From Rania’s President a female Ranian, a Human form of an animal or gonoid dubbed ostrich despite having long thin necks, and a Human like head, and loud screaming voices, including big bug blue eyes that appeared too big for their faces. That she has a Human son who is her only child and that she was diagnosed with some medical condition that removed her baby carrier soon after having her offspring. The Ranian continues that that there were Presidents preceding her that had Humans in their family line and that they balked doing the declaration of slavery on Humans instead put the Human slavery and equality for her people to vote on and nearly all of the Ranian people ignored the order to vote which only one person voted for equality and it turns out that that person was a Human who’s descendants voted for equality and turns out that the Human’s family line was the only ones who obeyed Ranian Presidents’ order to vote on that matter and they always voted for equality. She continues that she can’t give out a Human slavery order due to having a Human son as offspring and its very well known among Ranians that they value their offspring very zealously and it doesn’t matter what species they are due to that they’ll still see their offspring as something very valuable enough to keep alive and equal to them as well. 
From Empress Tanaka, mate of Emperor Tanaka who's apparently representation Shonsurra, a comment about what they plan to do with President Victorian Kossman due to that she’s a Human in a powerful position. 
I recall being told by Jiang how Americania got her predecessor Kirstana Nemany Victorian as President and the trouble it took to get her in position looks at guard and mentally speaks with guard verbalizing my words his memory of what Jiang told me. Mostly about Kirstana not leaving anything out and continues that Americania wouldn’t be willing to remove Victorian Kossman from position due to having too much trouble to acquire a President. That they are too nervous to do such a removing despite Victorian Kossman being Human to go through more trouble to get someone to replace her with people sabotaging their efforts like they did just prior to her predecessor Nemany Victorian took the position. And that the Americanians will think the trouble will happen again hence they probably won’t be willing to remove Victorian Kossman from position regardless of her being Human. 
Looks away and glares at Empress Tanaka who appears to look nervous which hears from Sheik the Felidae’s ruler that the Sun Lord has a point about Americanians’ attitude towards their ruler due to that one of the Felidae’s rulers before he Sheik himself took the position admitted in some writing to thinking of ordering something bad against Americania as in taking advantage of the nation not having a ruler to do something bad and was going to announce it till someone still not identified got a hold of his furry ear and told him off on doing anything bad against Americania. The ruler back then through written confession according to Sheik managed to get word of the other nations’ attitudes towards Americania not having a ruler to Shadan’s High Lord due to knowing that Shadan has verbally very strongly declared themselves an ally of Americania and backed up their words very zealously along with very strongly supported Americania in conflicts over situations related to that nation. Sheik who continues that he heard some kind of rumor that Victorian Kossman’s predecessor and mother Nemany Victorian was living in Shadan was actually bad mouthing the High Lord back then with all sorts of talk and that the High Lord in response put her in the Americanian President’s position as a way of getting rid of her and getting her out of Shadan and away from his people. Sheik who stops talking to give off a sound like harrumph before the Felidae add that he doubts that Americanians trust other nations to not do anything bad to their home land due to that its been recorded that several nations in the past used their home land just prior to them getting a President as ruler as a war zone and that war zone fight went on for awhile till some Highlander answering to the name of Liu Jiang led some kind of army of Americanians and rallied the Americanians to kick out the fighting nations including keeping them out and he took the position as President of Americania ruling them in peace and uniting the Americanians to kick out nations using their home land as a war zone and that the Americanians have some kind of suspiciousness attitude towards foreigners which has been passed down and their still keeping that attitude. 
Sheik who stops talking to witness the Felidae’s left ear go flat with eyes narrowed appearing to look around and figures from that gesture that the Felidae figured out that the room was bugged with recorders. 
From the High Lord if there’s anything else they should talk about due to that he’s getting annoyed with the meeting turning out to be something he didn’t have in mind.
From King what they plan to do with a Human holding the Sun Lord position. 
Hears gasps from the others in the room along with witnessing them look nervous as King looks confused which walks up to King removes my hooded mask to see nervousness form on King’s face along with some look in the Kenibian’s eyes that suggest he said the wrong thing by mistake and didn’t realize that. 
I with both hands grabs King by the chains on his chest attached to his chain mail chest shirt and lifts up the Kenibian dangling the male’s feet while glaring at him some angry look on my face. King look very nervous by the expression on his face as I looks to glare at my guard standing next to me and mentally speaks to the guard verbalizing my words to not to forget that despite me having a Human appearance that I'm Legendian and doesn’t find it amusing that I was referred as a Human. Looks away to glare at King who speaks in some scared voice tone that he didn’t meant it to refer the Sun Lord as a Human just forgot that the Sun Lord is Legendian and will make sure not to make that mistake again. Glares at King to shake the Kenibian while still holding him till I hears from Sheik to put King down due to that the Kenibian gets his words and its humiliating him being held up like that. I obeys to do it and points a finger at King while still having the glare on my face. 
Hears from the High Lord asking me if I don’t mind leaving the meeting due to that he has an enough of this meeting which I walks out of the room and sensing none of the races following out while putting on hooded mask. 
Hits the elevator and orders through guard to take me to President Victorian Kossman’s location which the Presidential guards obey and finds led to her office once inside sees Niya having a glare on her face pointing a finger at a TV monitor which looks at to see an overhead view of the meeting and hears from Niya that after I left King ranted to the people of having me removed from Sun Lord position and declared a slave of Kenibia due to that they lay claim on Legendians first due to reported having the species on their home land first than any other nation. 
Glares at the screen to hear from Niya that the others haven’t responded to King’s rant yet and King stopped ranting at the moment and went to sit down while thumping fist onto the table which sees King is doing that fisting while sitting. 
Eyes the screen to hear Emperor Palin speak that he’s not removing that Human Legendian named Eric from Sun Lord position due to that races would get into a fight to decide on who holds that position and that fight would be lengthy anyway. Palin is glaring at King from the looks of it which hears from the High Lord saying that he hates to say it but he agrees with the Emperor with his words regarding the Sun Lord due to that there aren’t any other Legendians sighted or around to replace me and thinks that I is the last of my kind. From Sheik a question about my offspring dubbed Nikolas only to hear from the Empress Tanaka that he’s Hades now. That people reportedly after they finish being Hades turn out to be some kind of bloody essence sucker with their species form altered a bit to look like they had Hades in them. They depend on bloody essence to live for the rest of their lives and thinks that my son will have his form altered from Legendian status once he finishes being Hades. Isn’t sure how his form will turn out once he’s done with being Hades. 
Feels myself annoyed hearing that as the High Lord speaks that he really had enough of this meeting and wants to leave and isn’t happy having to miss some sporting events happening at the moment due to that there’s Shadonians competing in them and he wanted to see his people compete and see whether they medaled. 
Watches as the High Lord walks out of view hearing a door opening sound followed by Sheik appearing to eye the camera view just prior to walking out of sight while followed by the others till there’s no one left then the TV monitor goes dark. 
Looks at my guard and speaks that Sheik wasn’t fooled by the fact that the room had hidden monitors due to seeing the Felidae look directly at where the recording camera was as he walked out of the room. Did witnessed something related to the Felidae’s ear and eyes looking to suggest that Sheik detected recorders onto the meeting in the room. 
I look away to stare at Victorian Kossman who speaks that the Felidaes have powerful hearing and good eyes sight to detect things odd within rooms and that’s how Sheik did it. The President continues that the High Lord and High Lord’s personal guards arrived first and the guards were overheard having some kind of beeping noise coming from them. She’s picked up quite enough Shadonian from her mother speaking it to her to overhear the guards saying that there’s recorders detected in the room to the High Lord along with canceling the beeping noises and the High Lord saying some comment of cunning Human in Shadonian along with ordering his guards to remind him to watch what he says by ahem sound if he’s appearing to say an insult. 
The President continues that the other leaders appeared to not detect the recorders but Emperor Palin looked like he was trying to refrain himself from saying something judging by the expression on his face. 
I mentally speaks through guard that someone must have tipped off the Emperor about the recorders in the room hence his expression. I looks away hearing a knocking sound on the President’s office doors which I eyes to see them open followed by the High Lord walking in and Emperor Palin coming into the room. Emperor Palin as the doors shut blurts that he suspects that the President had an ulterior motive putting them in the specific room and figured out that it was related to recorders in there. Palin who look nervous and figures that its something else that have that Emperor nervous judging by him looking at him and showing fear. 
The High Lord says that his guards told him that there were recorders detected in the room which Emperor Palin came in first before the others arrived and he told the Emperor about the President having them meet in this room and suspecting an ulterior motive. He heard from Palin that it was recorders followed by the others arriving which he’s surprised that Palin kept his mouth shut about the recording bit due to that its not his place to say anything about it. 
Palin who speaks that he’s not keen on making Victorian Kossman look bad due to that it was an Americanian who put him in the Emperor position just to help Oceana avoid a civil war. 
Hears from Victorian Kossman a that reminds me comment and that there’s a competition happening today involving team in gymnastics and all the athletes competing have unanimously agreed that whoever wins the team gold the Sun Lord is the one who’ll give them their medals and that the competition is happening soon which he should go and attend it.
From Niya that they’ll do it and feels her hand on my arm along with a pulling movement exhales a breath and walks out of the room having a presidential guard leading the way to my car or helicopter like car. Takes to the arena where the gymnastics competition is and finds its not yet in process due to that the athletes have yet to march out which told by arena guard to go in there and find a seat. Obeys to led to the Presidential seat hearing the crowd cheer loudly seeing me enter the arena. I sits with Niya next to me to see the athletes march in and told that Americania is the current world champion along with the other four nations competing which hears one of them is Shonsurra eyes them to see a Human among them. Watches the competition to see the Americanians win the title with Shonsurra placing second and Rania and Oceana tied for third. 
Hears from the head judge, the gymnast on the teams of Rania and Oceana that placed the highest is the one who determines the tie breaker. Watches as the screen flashes Oceana into third and eyes the Oceanans to see them happy with their team medal win. 
Feels a pat from Niya on my arm and hears her say that I'm up to awarding the gold medals. Obeys to get up and walk to the medal stand to stand and wait as the teams arrive and the athletes starting with Americania are named which puts gold medals around their necks while noticing two on the team are appearing to be Humans but notices that one of the Humans looks Surrai like judging by her golden eyes and clawed hands and gymnastics clothes covering her body’s legs. Then steps back as traditionally done and watches the athletes bow to me and the others who awarded the other teams’ medals. I stands sideways and looks away to watch as three flags are raised to music seeing the Americanian flag leading the way then once over people clap. 
Goes to Niya who takes my arm and doesn’t protest as she tells me someone told her that there’s an event happening at the stadium soon and wants to attend, escorted to the car and it takes me to the stadium to hear some kind of faint screaming sound sounding which not sure if its my mind or ears ignores it. 
From Niya to take off his mask once their in the stadium which gets hood yanked off and once inside the stadium continues to hear the screaming sound becoming louder reaches the dais which I abruptly kneels figuring out what the sound is Terrania screaming about danger keeps my eyes open while hearing Niya exclaim followed by seeing green wavy water like substance in my eyes sight as night vision flares in it and hearing the crowd gasp loudly. 
Sees in my mind the sky, mentally orders shields to turn on and sees the sky turn light purple colored as I mentally speaks saying that the Sun Lord ruler of this world called Terrania and adds to cease acts of destruction now. Hears whining squeal sounds sounding behind him along with loud gasps mentally ordering weapons to activate along with a loud grunt sound and a thud then hears someone comment too late that visitor is kaput from the looks of it before hearing a familiar whooshing noise. 
Sees in mind Rakcaran warships in the air heading towards the shield which I orders weapons to fire and sees some kind of shield block the weapons on the Rakcaran warships. Mentally repeats words saying Sun Lord ruler of Terrania and demands that they cease their acts of war now due to that my world is a world of peace and not of war and has done nothing to receive this destruction. 
Watches in my mind as three Rakcaran warships leave the planet and sees some kind of view of off planet like linked to a satellite and watches as a long warship takes off followed by a Rakcaran warship with two remaining. Watches as one release a satellite which I orders weapons to destroy it and sees it destroyed entirely as the Rakcar appear to not notice as one warship sits on top of the twin warship and appears to go out of sight away from the planet. 
I eye the Rakcaran warships go out of view smaller and smaller and hears the screaming in my mind stop mentally orders weapons to stand down followed by ordering the shield to stand down. I sees in my mind the sky turn from purple to blue then sees the green night vision with waviness of water stop followed by feeling exhausted and shuts eyes rubbing a hand on forehead. Hears from Niya that he should get onto the stretcher and do it if she has to order him knocked out unconscious, opens eyes and gets up going to the stretcher next to me and puts on hooded mask then gets onto it lying on it and shuts eyes feeling sleepy while hearing Merra’s voice ordering me to sleep which I obeys to pass out unconscious. 

I dreams of a beach to find myself next to the triplets with faces of Lance Richard, a deity god on planet Aire. The triplets are dubbed Lam, Nico and Terris. Hears from Terris that the Rakcar won’t bother them again due to that the living Rakcar on Terrania has passed away apparently executed by own hand and that living Rakcar was the reason why the Rakcar kept coming to Terrania to attack them due to that the Rakcar had some kind of signal device implanted in him based on his life signs that was transmitted off planet for the Rakcar to find Terrania and attack. Hearing Terris’s words that ads that someone managed to convince that Rakcar to execute himself killing off that signal due to that death would destroy that signal which the Rakcar did and now Terrania is safe from harm till its time for Terranians to go off planet is when the visitors will arrive. Hears from Terris a well done comment followed by scene going black.

And wakes up in bed in quarters wearing just underwear shorts feeling much better but hears noises in the bathroom that figures its bedtime by the sounds of it. Gets up stripping of underwear shorts putting on gloves and pajama pants then hears a door open along with a gasp sound to see Niya wearing a nightgown come out looking range of emotions seeing me up and awake. I eyes her while folding my arms as she puts away the Mistress uniform and stares at me with some look in her eyes that appears she’s ogling my muscles bunching on my arms. Figures that mating with her will do strips of pajama pants putting them away and picks up the breathing device to see Niya has removed her nightgown and she speaks that she’s taking the top position period and expects me to do it period. 
Doesn’t protest gets onto the bed putting the device between the pillows and eyes Niya straddling me which puts my hands on her hips and feels pleasure from myself entering her guided by her hands. Then she puts hands on my shoulders and rocks me. I rolls my eyes from feeling pleasure each time I enters her and shakes from the charge of pleasure hitting me as I spills inside her. Niya’s lips on my lips kissing me which I kisses back and puts my hands on her back holding her in position as I kisses her deeply. 
Feels regret as Niya breaks off the kiss which opens eyes to stare at her smiling at me not baring her teeth. 
I adjust my hands to sign asking how long I was out unconscious due to that Merra put me to sleep. 
Gets from Niya about three days and that was from Merra keeping asleep while hearing an edge in her voice tone figures that she’s hiding something rolls over forcing her onto her back. Forms a glare on my face, seeing her form nervousness on her face while sensing it within her. Glares at her and signs with one hand in her eye line view what she’s not telling him and wants to know it now. Continues to glare at her as she speaks sounding nervous that it came out the identity of one other person who had similar planetary powers like displayed in the stadium in front of witnesses and that person did the same thing. Did right in a stadium while attending the Terrania Unity Games and gained people’s respect towards that individual which that person has passed away cycles ago and people are shocked. Would have inherited that person’s powers due to that it was rumored that the person’s offspring would get it. 
Glares at Niya to put hands on her breasts to fondle the nipples with gloved hands and hears her sigh. As she adds that the person was revealed to be Emperor Pavel Palin not to be confused with his descendant with the same name. Stiffens hearing the name continues to fondle Niya as she keeps talking that Emperor Palin flaunted that protecting Terrania ability to Oceanans. Saw him deity like along with other nations seeing him with fear except for Americania and later Shadan. Both saw him with dislike enough to nickname him Emperor Executioner. 
Continues to fondle Niya who speaks that Emperor Palin according to people not Oceanan abused his position of power enough to get whatever he wanted for himself and Oceana which got people to dislike him. They didn’t do anything about the abusing till one of her family predecessors named Georgina Visser. Coached a Americanian gymnastics team dubbed raggedy due to having more than one species in it to world championship team gold in gymnastics on Oceana’s soil. Georgina flaunted that win in Palin’s face as retaliation against him said to take away a gold medal won from a Americanian athlete at a previous world championship by having that athlete disqualified. 
Georgina according to Niya was declared a national hero in Americania who used her as basis to flaunt world championship gold medal wins in Palin’s face whenever they defeated an Oceanan in the process. 
Georgina wound up coaching the Americanian team for three Terrania Unity Games before Oceana hosted the games which Emperor Palin banned Americanians from competing. She retired after that due to pressure from people insisting that she do it due to that Palin was reportedly thinking of having her assassinated if she continued to coach gymnastics. 
Continues to listen as Niya talks that Emperor Palin flaunted that he was deathless due to outliving normal Highlander life spans and that his offspring had similar protecting the planet tricks as he did. He flaunted that ability with three of his four children omitting his oldest son Pave who later flaunted that Palin was dead to him after Palin was declared dead which happened after his body was found in a water ship and brought out to the public. 
Continues to glare at Niya who talks that it’s documented privately protecting the planet powers was from Emperor Palin posing as Tikcanni passing on the powers by hand shake due to that Emperor Palin was known to not shake hands with anyone and has reportedly balked shaking hands with people very zealously. Stiffens hearing that as Niya continues that there’s a documented private report that Tikcanni passed away soon after he shook hands and it figured from the looks of things that the Emperor passed his powers onto someone else due to him passing away abruptly. 
Glares at Niya who pauses to form a far away look on her face which I remove my hands and puts them on her sides and digs my fingers into her sides which gets her to look at me in the eyes. I narrow my eyes in a further glare at Niya who speaks that the protecting the planet trick was seen by too many people in person and various communication devices. Along with Humans who are slaves on other nations and there’s reports of Humans living on Rania, Oceana, Shadan and Americania using Sun Lord as a basis to keep their species equal to the other races in those nations and flaunting the trick as a reason why they should be equal. 
Leans down and kisses her on the lips and breaks off the kiss while continuing to have eyes open and glaring at Niya who sighs and feels hard enough to mate again does that while feeling pleasured by it and spills myself inside her then once done kisses her on the lips and keeps myself inside her while having hands on her sides. 
Niya who appears to fallen asleep and feels annoyed with that only to hear from Merra abruptly sounding in his mind that it wasn’t the hand shake that transferred Emperor Palin’s powers to Eric but her daughter Raisa herself who did it actually. Feels confused hears from Merra that Raisa was actually Emperor Palin’s original mate who bore him offspring and she was the one who held the powers in the first place which she gave to her mate via touching him and was ignored when he flaunted the powers in people’s faces. Continues to hear from Merra that Raisa after getting a hold of Emperor Palin acting as Tikcanni took away the powers and then later transferred them to myself after she touched me due to that she’s some kind of living conduit to Terrania and its power controls and Raisa realized from her thoughts detected at the time that myself would listen to her if she advised me on those powers. 
Hearing that continues to hear from Merra that Raisa’s successor to the conduit is named Ramia which stiffens hearing as Merra continues that Ramia has full knowledge of those powers along with an ability to transfer other powers to me, which she never did to my relief, if she wishes to do it. Feels himself tensed up as Merra continues that Ramia convinced Eric Junior now dubbed Nikolas to transfer the Hades mask to Teorjer who’s now Hades with Teorjer’s mind within him. Nikolas at the moment was transferred along with Ramia and son Niyan to a Americanian hospital in Americania due to that they had further medical knowledge of keeping people alive after they finish being Hades which is what their doing at the moment. 
Merra kept talking she heard that Eric Junior’s form was changed enough to resemble the original Nikolas along with memories of Nikolas himself and that he recognizes Ramia as his mate and figures from mind scans of him that Raisa was his original mate who he rejected for Georgina Visser based on her appearance and manipulated various people to see that joining between him and Georgina happen. 
From Merra that Nikolas has accepted that the Georgina now is his mother mate of his father and won’t do anything about it along with accepting Ramia as his own mate which the accepting is motivated by his son Niyan himself who has appeared to inherited his mind walking powers and that the offspring has displayed some kind of attachment towards his parents that have Nikolas motivated to accept his situation around him. 
Hears from Merra that I should sleep feels sleepiness adjusts my position on top of Niya and falls asleep to dream of the beach again which I sees a familiar male is there that recognizes as Nikolas and sees its my son Eric Junior who is wearing gonoid skin pants like I is. Stares at Nikolas who looks at me before looking away and continues to stare at my son who speaks that he had it coming rejecting Raisa based on her looks for a female Human named Georgina due to how she looked to him. 
Doesn’t say a word as Nikolas, I figures I’ll dub him continues that it was Ramia who rigged Hades to put the mask onto him keeping him alive from being poisoned by Emperor Tanaka and cronies. He survived withdrawing from the poison to become Hades then she got him to transfer the mask suit to Teorjer. Figuring out that Hades would form over him but his mind would be exactly like Teorjer making him a smart thinker instead of not so smart as Hades was known to be due to repeatedly getting into jams and doing things to annoy people for not being that smart. 
Nikolas continues that he’ll be alright due to receiving proper medical care and won’t challenge Emperor Palin for the throne but will have one of his offspring take over if Emperor Palin’s descendant line ends due to a female having Marisaki’s syndrome due to that Trigans don’t get Marisaki’s syndrome. Nikolas continues that Ramia told him that she suspects that he inherited his father’s longevity along with admitting that she having a very long life span due to a connection to Terrania as some kind of conduit that is keeping her living longer than normal Trigan life spans. 
Reaches out a hand and gently puts it on Nikolas’s arm who places a hand over it and continues speaking that he has what he wanted in the first place and didn’t realized it till it was obvious when he remembered his preceding life and figured out what he was trying to get which he now has achieved it. I speaks as if compelled saying Nikolas and doesn’t say anything else as Nikolas speaks that he has what he wanted which was his father to accept him and give him fatherly care which he got being born again as a Legendian and getting what he wanted which he saw clear in his mind that it was achieved. 
I don't say anything continues to gently grip Nikolas’s arm while feeling my son holding my hand on his arm. Sees blackness arrives feels nothing all around me and passes out unconscious.

Comes to waking up hearing guard’s voice sounding in mind ordering me up and awake and that its daylight which I raises my head twisting my form to glare at the guard at the doorway that shuts the door. I looks down at Niya to see her still asleep which I kisses her awake and gets from her ugh comment as she opens her eyes which I glares at and sees her frown. Glares at her as she speaks sounding unsure of her words that she was just remembering something involving this Surrai hybrid named Lix that had an obsession towards having her as his mate. Feels angry shuts eyes and wills myself to calm sensing it’s not proper to be angry at Niya for having that memory. 
Continues to will myself to calm feels myself hard unexpectedly opens eyes and stares at Niya and without warning mates with her while seeing her have a far away look in her eyes and hears her gasp as I spills myself inside her while shaking from the feeling of pleasure hitting. I pulls out and gets to dresser to put on clothes and boots then stares at Niya brushing her hair while dressed in her uniform. Continues to watch her pull it back into a tail and sees her look in my direction followed by her pulling her hair full back and holding it in place by some kind of band to form a tail style. 
Goes to the bedroom door yanking it open and walks out to duck as Hades’ fists aim at me which continues to duck figures I’ll use combative art to fight Hades. Proceeds to do, till I succeeds in knocking Hades down onto the floor and puts a foot onto Hades’ chest before the warrior could react to anything and leans down glaring at the warrior. Senses my mind scanned mentally speaks asking what’s Hades’ problem is due to repeatedly attacking me. Glares at Hades who I hears sounding in my mind a comment of never mind just checking something. I glares at and hears from Niya to release Hades while hearing an edge in her voice tone. Obeys to see Hades get up awkwardly followed by the warrior speaking verbalizing his words sounding like Emperor Tanaka to him a good morning comment and how was the Mistress’s sleep question. 
Feels my suspiciousness arise to eye Hades figuring out that he’s Emperor Tanaka and not Teorjer as thought along with that the Emperor has his memories intact and has memories of previous Hades holders in his mind and was checking out something he saw in his mind hence he attacking myself. 
Mentally calls for Tank and Merra and gets Tank which I speaks telling Tank that I suspects that it's Emperor Tanaka who's Hades and not Teorjer as Merra said to me. Hears from Tank that she thought wrong due to detecting some block in Hades’ mind till she pressed harder and realized who it was. Some Highlander later scanned Hades’ mind and restored Tanaka’s memories and that he has full memories of previous Hades clear in his mind. Knows what Nikolas knew as Hades and that Tanaka from mind scans isn’t inclined to drop the Hades suit. That I should go eat for I needs nourishment anyway.
Feels Tank leave my mind goes to the table to eat and sees Niya there eating which I eats then drinks followed by eyeing Hades standing in the room with arms folded staring at me intensively that makes me think Tanaka is studying me fully due to not able to do it as a Highlander due to fear of Legendians ingrained within him. 
I takes my time eating the food along with sipping the drink and once done gets up going to the couch ignoring Hades I assumes I’ll call him which I sits on the couch and glares at the blank TV monitors. I sense Niya join me on the couch followed by the monitors turning on to show a Felidae female that speaks in Americanian about the identity of who played that planetary trick has been confirmed to be someone else other than Emperor Pavel Palin as thought and that they have footage of that person displaying the ability. 
I watching the scene change to show view of someone from the crowd from the looks of it holding a camera focused on me walking that shows me reaching the dais then kneeling abruptly followed by some sort of green water flying up from the ground and surrounding me in a cylinder tube like motion along with boxing me. I hears a male voice sounding Rakcaran tones speaking in Basic my words I mentally thought of in a loud amplified tone as if microphone along with the lights in the stadium changing color to purple colored. 
I sees behind me two figures appearing to Rakcar appear with one darting towards me in a fast speed motion while holding some object in his hand and then once reaching me sees the shield surrounding remain intact as the Rakcar abruptly is thrown backwards hitting the ground with a thud and hears a voice speaking that familiar comment of visitor being kaput as if amplified by microphone as the other Rakcar fades from view appearing to go to his companion on the ground picking at his arm then disappears from view. 
Watches as sounds of explosions heard followed by again that voice speaking my words, mentally thought then a loud explosion like sound. Continues to watch as the purple goes away followed by the stadium lights resuming their original color and eyes myself seeing the green colored water fly down to the ground disappearing and shutting his eyes putting a hand on forehead.
Which the scene changes to back to the female Felidae who speaks that what the viewers saw was the Sun Lord displaying that planetary trick as detected identifying himself as the one responsible for protecting Terrania from harm and then the TV monitors shut off abruptly which I continues to glare at them despite them blank. 
Hears nothing from Niya or Hades or my guard but senses that their all staring at waiting for me to react from viewing that broadcast. I feels a hand on my arm senses its Niya’s hand looks at her who frowns with a hint of nervousness in her eyes which I continues to stare at her as she clears her throat then speaks that she wasn’t kidding about what she said about someone having planetary powers while in a high ranking position doing things with various views towards that person. 
I removes Niya’s hand to realize something involving me in that situation signs to Niya that I'm conflicted such as nations who have Humans as slaves due to having a Human appearance and that free Humans would want me to put pressure on those nations to declare Humans as equals along with flaunting to those nations that I has planetary powers to get them to make such a declaration. I stops signing to look away from Niya to stare at the TV monitored wall hearing nothing more from Niya or anyone else in the room but feels Niya’s hand on my arm again. Puts a hand on her hand holding it in place and hears from Merra abruptly that I should confer with Ramia on that issue of planetary powers due to that she knows more about Terrania and its functions due to being a conduit and would know what I should be doing to Terrania and her people which talking to her his conflicting issues will help me figure out what to do about my position. 
Hears her add that she wouldn’t recommend me to give up the Sun Lord position due to that it keeps me safe from people who have treated Legendians inappropriately from hearing Legendians over the years their species lived complain to her about being treated inappropriately by the restless natives of Terrania and that the species wound up going extinct due to the inappropriate treatment of the Terranians who didn’t listen to the Legendians tell them off on their treatment and caused them to die out. 
I frowns hearing Merra’s words who continues talking that Terris wasn’t kidding about that captured Rakcar being responsible for Rakcaran warships finding Terrania and attack the planet due to the species have some kind of mental mind link and it helped them find Terrania to do their acts of destruction which someone figured out the mental mind link and told that Rakcar to off himself to death which the Rakcar did without complaint and that Terrania is now safe from the Rakcar for now. 
I continues to hear from her that I despite being partially Rakcaran doesn’t have the mind link instead has a mind link connecting to the Zeskaya which Zeskaya entering Terrania will automatically know that I'm there and find me easily which she assures me that they won’t target me due to Kossman managed to get word to the Zeskaya about me and from Kossman’s mind Leader admitted to his brother fathering me and that Dictator is his father hence I having a resemblance to that Zeskaya. 
I doesn’t comment hears nothing more from Merra along with the headache stopping which I hears from Hades verbalizing his words that he heard that Nikolas, his mate Ramia and offspring are currently in a hospital in the city brought there a few suns ago by mysterious circumstances and heard that Nikolas is twin to the original Nikolas who lived before him but there’s a difference of him being a mind walker. I frowns as Hades continues speaking some question of shouldn’t the father visit his son in the hospital to find out his well being along with saying that people around here are confused on why the father hasn’t seen his hospitalized son yet. 
I gets up from the couch to fold my arms while glaring at Hades who adds that he got that people attitude from wandering around the city and sensing them confused and eavesdropped on them talking about the father not visiting his son in the hospital. I wound up bares my teeth in a sneering glare look then hears from Niya that perhaps visiting Nikolas will give me something to do and she thinks Nikolas will be a good ear to listen to when discussing my conflicts regarding the planetary powers due to that Nikolas once held the Oceanan Emperor throne and should know what Oceanans are thinking regarding a preceding Emperor having powers like me before passing away. 
Throws hands up in the air and looks at guard mentally speaking words verbalized that I’ll visit my son in the hospital and will do it now at this hour and doesn’t give a care if the hospital has some policy about visitors for I wants to see him and family period and who cares if anyone protests to that. Throws on hooded mask and walks out of the quarters sensing people following out to the elevator and takes it to the garage room which guard leads to a car and gets inside followed by Niya and Hades who sits behind me. 
Hears from Hades that he has to talk to Nikolas about the Hades title and what he should be doing holding it due to not having Teorjer around to help him and hasn’t seen or sensed that male around to advise him on the position and will talk to Nikolas once the Sun Lord is done with his own private talk. I ignore Hades who becomes silent as the car goes to the hospital and lands near the entrance which I gets out following the Highlander guard with Niya and Hades following to the entrance doorway which a monarch meets them and tells us group to come along she’ll lead them to Nikolas as requested. 
Follows her various corridors and elevators then they stop at a doorway which she knocks on the door and speaks saying the name of Nikolas and that his father is here to see him. Hears a female voice sounding familiar saying fine as long as the Mistress wouldn’t mind entertaining Niyan for awhile while she and Nikolas have a private talk with the Sun Lord. Walks inside the room to spot Niyan is at the age of my son Ricky before leaving the water ship that doesn’t look happy walks out of the room and hears a door slam. 
Eyes the bed to see a familiar figure is on it looking like Nikolas to him by the facial appearance and long hair and along with golden eyes still there. Spots Ramia twin to Raisa sitting in a wheelchair next to the bed staring at me with a frown on her face before she speaks that he can either sign his words or let Nikolas she names scan his mind for speaking them. Removes hooded mask and stares at Ramia before signing words while hearing Nikolas voice them voice sounding different but similar to Nikolas in the past that I was told by Niya about a predecessor identity known who it is having powers as his protecting Terrania and that person abused their position along with people having various emotions felt towards that person. 
Continues to sign that recently thought of something serious which my Human appearance is would make free Humans pressure me to put pressure on nations having Humans as slaves to make them equals by flaunting those planetary power ability to the nations’ rulers. 
Continues to sign that I'm ordered to keep the Sun Lord position due to that it’ll keep me safe from hearing that Legendians were treated inappropriately by Terranians that caused their species to die out. Continues to sign that was pressured on coming here to visit son and that heard that Ramia is some kind of conduit to Terrania and its functions and that she would know what supposed to be doing while having planetary powers. 
Stops signing to fold arms and stares at Ramia who appears to have a frown on her face and hears Nikolas clear his throat loudly before son speaks that she might as well tell him due to that people around here aren’t fooled by the deception and are annoyed about it and that one of them might get a hold of his father’s ear and blab it to him and he’ll be furious to hear about it from that person. 
Feels confused as Ramia speaks a fine comment then adds that she took up the name of Ramia to hide herself from bad people who would pick on her for being the mate of Emperor Palin who was pointed out to be Tikcanni. Stiffens hearing her words as I realize that she’s Raisa all along and not someone twin to her but that person actually. 
Continues to hear Raisa talk that she’s actually called Raisa and was originally the original Nikolas’s destined mate but he rejected her for some Human female due to finding her appearance not acceptable which she wound up having to join herself to Emperor Palin just to keep herself alive due to that she would die if she didn’t do it. 
Frowns hearing that as Raisa continues that she had the planetary powers originally and had to transfer them to someone else due to having some kind medical condition such as non functioning legs and feet which that was from the result of eating a poisoned plant when trying to save some trapped in plant trap swimmer identified as Pavel Palin underwater while in her gonoid form. 
Keeps arms folded as she continues that once she freed Palin she discovered her medical condition while trying to haul him unconscious to shore in her manoid form and transferred her powers to him along with mating him once she realized that Nikolas wasn’t going to take her as his mate despite them being destined together. 
Listens as Raisa continues that Palin appeared to have accepted her as his mate but she discovered later by his attitude towards one of his offspring identified as their son Pave catching them both in some mating ritual act that he was only using her for breeding offspring. 
Frowns as she adds that she’s furious to discover from Emperor Palin descendant of Pave that Palin had a negative attitude towards Pave that continued even when Pave was full grown. Causing Pave in question to feel rejected enough to declare Palin dead despite the male being alive along with having nothing to do with Oceana and bad mouthing Palin to Americanians while living in Americania and continued that bad mouthing till Palin was declared dead. He kept it up till he himself passed away with rumor saying he was said to be poisoned to death soon after the death of his Highlander mate Tamyara passed away from a medical condition killing her off. 
Raisa keeps talking that the hospital preserved the bodies of those two for further testing later when their medical advances become more advanced and they just recently got around to testing both of them and discovered Tamyara’s invalid medical condition was a result of some kind of medical illness that later killed her off. Their calling it Tamyara’s syndrome due to detecting others having similar illnesses as her soon after she passed away. Pave according to their tests didn’t die of poison but by his own body system reacting badly to a medical condition called Han’s syndrome which is unbearable pain hitting the body after a death of a mate and it hits anytime soon after a mate passes away which the pain can get too much for the person’s body to shut down offing them to death. 
Frowns hearing that as Raisa continues that she got the opportunity to transfer the powers from Palin when she met him again in Americania him posing as Tikcanni due to that the powers were keeping him alive to live longer than normal life spans and avoid dying from medical conditions related to his Highlander species and she transferred the powers to Eric she names from his attitude towards her he displayed respecting her that made her do the transfer. 
Forms a frown on lips as Raisa continues that she convinced Palin to drop his anger towards Eric for the death of his brother by Eric’s hand due to that Eric would still have anger towards Highlanders which I stiffens hearing. She keeps talking that she wanted Eric to drop his anger towards Highlanders by having Palin do his actions of dropping his anger towards me. 
Recalls Jiang getting me out of the water ship signs as she pauses with Nikolas voicing his words that without Palin doing his actions I wouldn’t have let a Highlander get me out of the water ship alive. I would have killed that Highlander then remained on the water ship possibly dying from it underwater or trapped aboard while suffering from Han’s syndrome which I hasn’t suffered from it yet despite the death of my first mate Brianna and acquiring another mate Niya in her stead. 
She shakes her head in a Human style no gesture and speaks that if a male has a female who wants to die and doesn’t want the male to have Han’s syndrome all the male has to do is mate with another female and have offspring with her which will cause the first female to pass away within a sun’s time which stiffens hearing while doing a double take look while staring at Raisa with shock running through me. 
Feels knees weak crumbles to the floor unfolding arms as I realizes what Raisa is talking about and figures that Brianna’s death was not by herself’s body of old age but me having a hand in it due to mating with Niya and creating my son while Brianna was still alive that later caused her to pass away. Rocks form as tears spill from eyes while clutching arms to chest mentally chanting the name of Brianna over and over feeling in shock and mouth breathes till eyes sight clouds up with whiteness and continues to mouth breathe hard while still doing rocking. 
Hears Raisa’s voice speaking but doesn’t seem to know what she’s saying to not paying attention followed by a loud groaning noise which I continues my actions then feels hands grabbing me and pulling me to a body that feels masculine and holding me in a hug along with Nikolas’s voice giving off mm sounds in some soothing tone which I quits chanting. Shuts eyes allowing my son to help me calm down from breakdown along with forcing myself to nose breathe deeply which I senses myself calming down but still upset allows my son’s touch to help feel better along with hearing a door opening sound and Raisa’s voice speaking saying that only Mistress and Niyan can come in period. 
Continues to will to calm as I hears Niya exclaim my name and feels myself transferred to her which wraps arms around her and buries face on her shoulder still struggling to calm down from breakdown. 
Hears a door slam sound followed by Raisa’s voice speaking saying that she told him what he hasn’t been acknowledging regarding his female named Brianna’s passing away situation and he reacted badly from the acknowledgment. 
Continues to eavesdrop on talk around as Niya speaks what he’s supposed to be doing having planetary powers despite being told of someone else before him having them and that person abused their high ranking position flaunting the power abilities to people. 
Frowns hearing her question as I hear from Raisa that he can use the example of the previous power holder to flaunt in people’s faces whenever they pressure him to do things as an excuse to not do the things and only wants to do his Sun Lord title position period. Finds myself really calm removes myself from Niya to stare at her as she stares at me back putting hands on my cheeks and rubbing them which I senses she’s rubbing away the tears that have stained my face and stopped flowing. Doesn’t mind her doing it as she finishes it and without protest gets up as she gets up. Stares at Raisa while noticing Nikolas in bed looking at her as she speaks pointing a finger at me to use the example of his planetary power holder predecessor to get out of doing things when pressured by people insisting on him doing it which he should rub in their faces that he’s Sun Lord and expects to do the job of holding that position period and nothing else besides that. 
I nods my head in a Human style yes gesture and gets dismissed to leave by Raisa which I walks out of the room with Niya and sees Hades enter the room leaving the door open which I puts on hooded mask and notices medical personal dart into the room while some are pushing a stretcher. Hears from guard that Hades admitted to people here that he’s passing on the Hades title to Nikolas who people agreed with him due to that they diagnosed some medical condition within Nikolas as some kind of body organ shut down and figured it was fatal enough to kill him and that being Hades would preserve his life longer. 
Niya asks guard what sporting event is happening today that they could go attend. Hears from the guard that he heard that there’s such an event called Aqua that is happening soon and that’s all he heard. Removes Niya’s hand off arm and gets her attention which I signs to her that that no one but me decides on whether my mask gets removed or not and expects people to honor that period and will use my Sun Lord position to flaunt that order in people’s faces if they ask me to remove my mask when I doesn’t want to do it. 
Hears from guard commenting what the Sun Lord orders people obey period due to that the Sun Lord’s position out ranks high ranked people ruler positions as said by the original Nikolas posing as Hades to people soon after introducing the Sun Lord to the people for the first time. People have followed that but have appeared to forgotten about that. He believes his majesty should remind the people about it and use whatever means to get people to do it period even if it means flaunting that in their faces. Frowns to hear from Niya that she recalls times when the Sun Lord reportedly said to override national rulers’ declaration of war towards another nation by ordering them to back off with their attitude and think of some other way involving peace towards nations due to being furious with their ruler hence the war declaration which the Sun Lord’s order wound up obeyed without protest. 
Doesn’t comment as Niya adds that their attending the Aqua event due to that she wants to see it anyway and wants to get out of the hospital which hears from guard if his majesty agrees with the Mistress’s declaration which I signs that fine with it and finds there’s no excuse for me to remain in the hospital anyway. 
Sees the guard nod his head followed by saying to follow him to the car which I obeys following with Niya walking besides me a maze of corridors and elevators till their out of the hospital entrance to find the car parked at the curb and gets inside which I stares at hands as I feels the car take off and then stop at a building and ordered out by the guard which I obeys. Gets out and follows the guard into the building going up too many stairs and feels stamina fine which hears cheering sounds reaches a door and sees an arena holding a pool and figures from the looks of it that it involves Aquarians swimming in races which I feels annoyed about recalling myself watching that event on TV monitors and feeling bored with it. Mostly due to my water poisoning status hence I refused to enjoy anything involving water and always found it boring. 
I feels annoyed as the guard leads me to the ruler’s box sees Emperor Palin there which I sits down next to the ruler and senses Niya on left side. I frowns as I eyes the swimming pool to see standing outside it is a line of Aquarians wearing skin tight bathing suits that only cover their sensitive parts front and back in various colors and counts about eight of them. 
Hears an ahem from Emperor Palin looks at him who speaks that he’s here due to that all the athletes have unanimously agreed to have him be the one who awards them their medals regardless of color and placing. Continues staring at Emperor Palin who adds that President Victorian Kossman through rumor ordered announcers not to announce that the Sun Lord is in attendance to events until after the event is over and made an exception if the athletes have requested him be the one to award their medals regardless of color or placing. 
Sees Emperor Palin look away which I looks away to hear a horn sounding loudly and sees the athletes get onto risen square blocks and bent down hands touching their feet and keep the position. I frowns watching as another horn is blared followed by the athletes diving into the water and swimming towards the other end of the pool. Watches them hit that end and do some acrobatic move touching that end with their feet and then end to the other end that their first started with diving into the water. Frown feeling myself annoyed as they instead of stopping as hitting the wall do an acrobatic move to hit the wall and continue swimming towards the other end. Looks at Niya to see she seems amused by the event judging by the expression on her face which I looks away and folds arms feeling bored with the event. 
Continues to watch counting how many times the athletes hit the wall where the blocks are above them till I counts four times and hears the crowd become louder yelling various languages at the athletes seeing them in the water at various lengths along with one in first place that continues to be in first place reaching the block wall first. I sees a light flash in the block right where the athlete hit the wall to see the Aquarian throw his fist in the air while hearing the crowd chanting the word Mahalia over and over. 
I frowns as I sees Emperor Palin walk in front of me and sees the Highlander walk out of the ruler’s box and out of sight as I hears a voice speaking in Basic saying that the athlete’s name and from Americania has kept up his undefeated win streak of winning the event dubbed swimmer’s marathon and has broken a win streak held by another athlete from another nation in that event which I hears the words spoken again repeated in Americanian in some Drainer tone voice and hears the crowds yell out cheers. 
Sighs from the noises and notices Niya next to me standing clapping along with the crowd as I remains sitting which I brings hands together and claps figuring that I’ll do it but isn’t inclined to stand up. Hears the announcer announce that the Sun Lord has been in attendance the whole time of the competition and hears gasps from the crowd very loudly which I stops clapping hearing scattered groaning sounds that annoys me. I eyes the athletes to see them get out of the water drying themselves off from towels in baskets along with putting on clothes that make me think are jumpsuits with various colors on them along with writing appeared to be on them. 
I eyes them to spot two sets that appear to have identical jumpsuits and eyes them to see that they look like Oceana and Americania while the others appear to be other nations which eyes them unsure of their nation their representing. Watches as three of the athletes walk around the pool heading to an area I sees is some kind of medal stand which I recognizes that two of the athletes are Americanians and one is Oceanan and sees Emperor Palin there in front of the medal stand with a podium stand next to him along with some kind of wreaths included on the stand. 
Watches as Emperor Palin puts the medals on the necks of the athletes that stand on the medal stand showing that Oceana took second by the position of the medal stand and then puts on their heads the wreaths which I hears the announcer announce people to stand up for the flag raising ceremony and stands up watching as flags are raised to music on the other end of the arena opposite from the athletes on the stand. 
Hears applause as the music ends and figures its time to go taps Niya on the shoulder and gestures to go which she obeys after looking at me. Follows her out to the stairs with guard leading the way and finds the guard is leading them to outside to the car. 
Once inside taps Niya on the should getting her attention and signs to her to explain what Emperor Palin told him of President Victorian Kossman having announcer only announce my presence after an event and make exception before event if athletes have agreed to have me award medals and the crowds’ gasping and groaning reaction to that announcing of my presence and wants to know what’s going on. I sees Niya appear to gulp before she speaks that she’s not President Victorian Kossman and Eric would have to ask her about that order along with she’s pretty sure that the crowd’s reaction is from some passed down attitude towards his predecessor Emperor Palin who once held the planetary powers and appeared to be abusive with his high rank ruler position despite his own people seeing him deity like while hearing an edge in Niya’s voice and seeing her look nervous by the expression on her face. 
I signs to her asking what’s she’s not telling me judging by the expression on her face and voice tone suggesting that she’s not fully telling me anything I really wanted to know. 
Gets from Niya that she’s not President Victorian Kossman along with saying that her adoptive parents over the years passed down some negative attitude regarding Emperor Palin having planetary powers and figures from the crowd’s reaction that they have similar passed down attitudes as well. 
Hears from his guard that their going to the President’s building to meet the President as requested by her communicating to them which doesn’t protest to that as the car flies to the president’s building and lands in front of the steps leading to it. I notices Drainers standing outside the entrance that appear to eye me with mouths in thin lines as I and group enter the building to take a route to the President’s office which I finds Aiden there with hands behind his back and hat off his head with part of his hat peeking out from behind his back. Gets requested by President Victorian Kossman to show my face for she wants to know about this Legendian status due to some rumor of me being Human with Rakcaran body functions inside him which I feels annoyed obeys to show my face and stares at the President who frowns folding her arms. 
Notices Aiden make a fast move and shifts just in time to see water thrown from a cup held in Aiden’s hand aimed at me and finds the water hitting in the face before I can duck and finds myself passing out unconscious. 

I comes to finding myself lying in bed stripped of clothes and chained to the bed by restraints around wrists and ankles along with the familiar pain of needles injected into body which I sees familiar masked people with eyes hidden by some kind of mask injecting me with needles that makes me annoyed having to undergo that test again till the needle injecting stop and I glares at the masked orderlies who walk out of sight and feels sleepiness shuts my eyes to pass out unconscious. 

Comes to waking up finding myself in bed in quarters wearing underwear shorts and the lamp is on while feeling myself not sore from the needles’ injections. Sees the door to the bedroom is open and gets up hitting the bathroom due to an urge slamming the door then walks out once done to meet Niya carrying her nightgown saying that she has to shower which I steps aside and watches her enter the bathroom slamming the door and hears a click noise puts a hand on the doorknob and finds the door refuses to open despite attempts to twist the doorknob. Goes to dresser to strip of underwear shorts and puts hands on the dresser while having breathing device on top of it leaning forwards shutting eyes feeling himself angry that Kossman with memories of Human Kossman living on the water ship must have told the hospital doctors about the needle injection test hence I getting it and that Aiden’s water throwing was an excuse to knock me out so that they could do the needle injection test onto me. 
Feels myself getting further angry opens eyes and picks up the breathing device and stomps to the wall next to the window and brings a fist into it finding it won’t crack as I hears a door opening sound and folds my arms leaning against the wall sideways on it feeling myself quite angry and not in a good mood. Shuts eyes to hear the lamp click off along with silence from Niya feels annoyed that Niya is treating me with some attitude I doesn’t find it amusing figures that I’ll treat her a lesson opens eyes and goes to the dresser not caring if noisy or not and yanks out gloves putting them on then gets into bed thrusting form on top of Niya who shrieks out her surprise sounding panicky tones along with saying the name of Lix. 
I reaches over and turns on the lamp then glares at her and senses her stiffen seeing me with her eyes widening. I without signing to her yanks her nightgown off her form without protest from her and tosses it at the dresser seeing it land on it then puts gloved hands on her breasts fondling the nipples to see a far away look form on Niya’s face as I bents down and kisses her on the lips followed by feeling her hands running through my hair. 
Breaks off the kiss to put hands on her sides and stares at her with a frown as I senses her stiffen underneath me with her facial expression showing nervousness in it. Narrows eyes to stare at her refraining from glaring at her or feeling angry as wills myself to calm. Gets from Niya that she’s not in the mood and wants him off of her while sounding like she doesn’t mean it by the voice tone and hears nervousness in it. 
In response keeps myself on top of Niya and kisses her on the cheek and lowers myself till front is touching her front and keeps form still while having cheek touching her cheek. Hears from Niya sounding panicky that he should get off of her immediately and she means it period while hearing her sound really freaked out. 
I ignores Niya’s order keeps myself on top of Niya as she starts screaming out in terror and thumps fists onto my back while jerking underneath me which I raises my head to stare at her in the face showing a panicky look on it along with eyes appearing to not be focused as she continues to hit me while screaming out nonsense sounds. 
Puts hands underneath her back and rolls over thrusting them both to a sitting position and continues to hold Niya tightly against me arms on her back as she squirms while still screaming in terror sounds till gets the urge to mate abruptly thrusts her onto her back and removes hands putting them on her sides and without giving her any warning enters her thrusting in rhythm while feeling her calming down from her screaming bout as urge to mate continues. 
Spills inside Niya and still feels like mating with her continues another round of mating as Niya stops screaming and becomes still while shutting her eyes and a peaceful look is on her face which I hears her speak the name of Eric in some voice tone that reminds him of the times Brianna would speak the words My Eric in similar voice tone. Again spills inside her and keeps myself inside Niya while staring at her in the face as she keeps her eyes shut with a peaceful expression on it. 
Stares at Niya sensing her calmer and much better from the mating gets from Niya abruptly that Lix can see in the dark by him bragging to her about it. Him taking advantage of her blindness at night to pounce on her trying to sleep repeatedly and him thinking its funny by laughing in her face about it along with ordering her to leave the room when it’s a joke to pounce on her anywhere picking her up and dumping her onto the bed and doing that pouncing joke again over and over not letting her sleep much till daylight. 
Feels annoyed hearing that admission refrains from feeling angry recalling that Lix is dead period and won’t be doing anything towards Niya again as Niya continues talking that Lix for some reason unexplained never slept at all and she doesn’t know how he functioned without sleep despite taking in nourishments. He kept up that pouncing joke on her despite her trying to sleep all night long and even quit it at daylight only to leave her alone for a certain time period during the day while in the bedroom which she took the advantage of that to get some sleep sensing Lix leave the room. He didn’t come back till the sun was high in the sky and yanked her out to do some work for him manipulating the Builders hanging around in the vicinity. 
Niya continues that this continued the whole time she stayed with Lix him playing a pouncing joke onto her at night and then at first daylight leaving her alone in the bedroom asleep till the sun was at the highest point in the sky and then using her for work on the Builders making them follow him like he was their leader and doing stunts to put another Builder dubbed William down and out from leadership position. 
Refrains from feeling anger as Niya abruptly gives off a groaning sound with a pained expression on her face and frowns wondering what programming Lix did to her. Sees Niya open her eyes with a frown in them before turning panicky and speaking that she has to use the bathroom due to feeling like needing to use it. Doesn’t protest gets off of her along with pulling out and lies on the bed back on it hearing Niya slam the door to the bathroom. Stares at the ceiling and fells sleepy shuts eyes to find myself floating above my body eyeing it as Niya comes into view staring at me asleep which I eyes her as she puts on the nightgown and gets into bed shutting off the lamp. 
I sees the scene turn black comes to feeling a hand patting my cheek that feels Surrai like and jerks open eyes to see with shock Kurpanov standing next to the bed leaning over me. I stares at Kurpanov who speaks that Niya is vital for Eric he names to live with the planetary powers and having the Sun Lord position protect him from people treating Legendians inappropriately. Hears from Kurpanov that Eric should do what he can to have Niya’s support as he rules Terrania holding the Sun Lord position in a good way without seemingly abusive. Finds his eyes forced shut passes out unconscious.

I came to come too abruptly jerking open eyes to find the window shade open and its daylight which he looks to see Niya is gone from the bed but the bathroom door is shut along with the bedroom door. Gets up carrying the breathing device and goes to the bathroom door to put a hand on the knob which discovers its locked knocks onto the door which opens showing Niya dressed in the Mistress uniform that looks at me with some odd look before speaking that he should be getting dressed due to that its morning. I obeys to get dressed in underwear and uniform exchanged from the gloves and puts on boots going to the bedroom door to open it then slams it shut which I stares at Niya raising my hands to see her avert her eyes along with staring at the floor. 
Goes to her hugging Niya who doesn’t hug him back only stiffens in my arms as hears the bedroom door open and a guard speaking that there’s visitors requesting an audience with the Sun Lord as soon as possible which the visitors are important enough to meet in the quarters and that his majesty should eat as a requirement before receiving the visitors. Let goes of Niya to walk out going to the table and sits eating food and sipping drink finding it's not water. 
Gets up hitting the couch to sit on it and hears nothing from Niya as I stares at the blank TV monitors. Continues to stare at them as I senses Niya join me on the couch followed by a door knocking sound which I hears a door opening sound along with guard speaking that the visitors are here gets up to see that its Nikolas as Hades wearing the mask, Raisa in her wheelchair and Niyan next to her. Frowns eyeing Nikolas with a narrowed eyed glare as Raisa speaks that the visit is a social visit and checking up on how the Sun Lord is doing due to hearing that someone water poisoned him but the person hasn’t been identified yet due to people balking on saying who it is. 
Hears an edge in Raisa’s voice tone as she pauses to hear a gasp sound of pain from Niya behind looks at her and backs up going to her and once besides Niya pulls her into a hug while keeping an eye on Nikolas who he notices has gotten onto one knee with Niyan in front of him who hugs him abruptly. I hugs Niya sensing her calming down as I looks at her and sees her looking at me with some scrutiny look followed by eyes changing to some look of affection in them as I feels her put a hand on my cheek which I pushes my face into it feeling myself happy having her touch me. I stares at Niya and smiles a small smile aimed at her as I sees her do the same followed by hearing a door closing sound loudly looks off to find Raisa, Nikolas and Niyan are gone from the room which I looks back at Niya to stare at her as she speaks that she wants to discuss something privately in the bedroom. 
I stops hugging her and goes to the bedroom door going inside hearing Niya shut the door behind and stares at her questioningly as she folds her arms while giving off a groan sound before speaking that she remembers something about Lix in conversation with that idiot. Frowns as Niya stares at me and adds that Lix bragged to her that she was Georgina Visser which she kept telling him off that she wasn’t but Lix wouldn’t listen to her kept on the bragging and then told her that she’ll remember her life as that female at the appropriate time once programming he set in her is activated. Frowns as Niya continues that her headache last night was a result of that programming being activated giving her full memories of Georgina Visser’s life fully in her mind along with connection to Nikolas as mate to him. 
I folds arms narrowing eyes while staring at Niya who continues that from what she could tell someone some mind walker manipulated Georgina to have some dream of Nikolas dressed in the Hades suit without the mask saying some words to her that indicated him as her mate. Formed a thin line with my mouth as Niya continues to talk that some Highlander named Shintaro Tanaka Emperor of Shonsurra got Georgina as a slave from her crashing some flying vehicle into a lake which she was mind wiped then the Emperor paired her with Nikolas despite her protesting to it and forced her to do it despite threaten harm to other Human slaves. Frowns inwardly as Niya continued talking that Georgina had four children fathered by Nikolas and was forced to raise the children by herself due to Hades getting a hold of Nikolas and Merra balking on restoring Nikolas’s memories despite Georgina pleading on it. 
Kept mouth in a thin line despite feeling like frowning as Niya kept talking that Georgina wound up as a coach of an Americanian Gymnastics team due to no one willing to take the position and she was thrown into it by the nation’s ruler as a price tag of keeping herself and Human children from being declared slaves by other nations’ people visiting Americania taking Humans for slavery. 
Refrained from commenting in sign language kept arms folded as Niya continued that Georgina was aware of Americania’s strong dislike towards Emperor Palin and that the nation was hesitant on doing anything to trash the Emperor put pressure heavily on the gymnastics team to get along insisting that sporting victories of winning gold and defeating Oceanans in the process was a way of humiliating Emperor Palin. 
Niya added that Georgina’s views were discovered by Emperor Palin at a world gymnastics championship event for individuals to compete instead of team and retaliated by having an Americanian athlete disqualified from her gold medal win which an Oceanan took advantage of it to win. 

Eric switches to third person:
Niya who looked away rubbing a hand on her forehead followed by resuming looking back at him and spoke “Georgina refused to back off from Emperor Palin’s threats on disqualifying her athletes from gold medal wins and seeing that they be hit with an injury to prevent them from competing further if she didn’t drop the attitude. She in response figured out that Highlanders were mind walkers along with having an ability to detect her mind scanned refrained from putting any further pressure on her athletes or telling her views on Emperor Palin to them. She managed to keep Highlanders out of her mind by mentally telling them off whenever she detected them scanning her. 
As for the world gymnastics championships held in Oceana I figured from her memories that Americania’s ruler Liu Jiang admitted to her that he had to pay a price tag to let her on Oceana’s soil as a free Human instead of declared a slave. The price tag I figured from her memories was letting people take her children once grown as slaves and that Liu confessed to her that he put off one of them from taking Georgina as slave with oaths that the person could take her oldest child as slave in her stead and that he oath to that person on that and can’t take back his word.”
He stared at Niya who paused to rub a hand on her forehead again while shutting her eyes before removing her hand and opening her eyes and again speaking “From what I could tell Liu Jiang had to do a quite a deal of convincing Georgina to accept the terms he made to keep her as a free Human on foreign soils for coaching athletes in gymnastics which she took it fine enough but wasn’t happy about it at all. 
Oh she managed to convince her own daughter, Yevengina, a Highlander with lots of talk to take up gymnastics using the excuse that she had the natural ability to be an athlete and that the team needed her anyway. 
Her excuse of having Yevengina in gymnastics was to assure Americania of having the first of any nation to have a World Champion win a Terrania Unity Games title on the same event that the athlete was champion of which came true.”
Eric recalled something of Niya’s talk in the past as she stopped talking to frown folding her arms around herself. 
He saw her looking at him signed “Do you remember what was Georgina’s reaction when Americania won the team title on Oceana’s soil at a world gymnastics championship?”
He resumed folding his arms and stared at Niya who formed a far away look on her face before staring at him in the eyes which she spoke “Her reaction when her team won was to be a wall along with giving the medals to her athletes and that it was her who insisted on a certain flag and ceremony for it that Americanians took up after winning titles in world championships and other international sporting events. Once she got home to Americania in Atlanta the city’s natives silently treated her as an important person giving her respects whenever she traveled around which other cities took up that attitude whenever she was there for gymnastics competitions.”
He signed as Niya paused “I’m surprised that Emperor Palin allowed the Americanian team to be awarded the team gold medal after the team competed and won the title on his own home soil.”
Eric heard from Niya was a groan sound before speaking “Actually that awarding was because of the Americanian team witnessed by all the audience and the athletes doing impossible to stand landings on one apparatus event. That event in question was called High Bar and was separated from the athletes competing on other events as in having athletes compete on the other apparatus first then have all the athletes do High Bar last due to that the apparatus was notorious for athletes crashing their landings and some recorded wounding up with an injury from the crash. Americania competed second to last of the teams with Oceana last on High Bar and every single one of the athletes on that team stood their landing along with one athlete getting a perfect score for sticking the landing.” 
He frowned forming it on his lips as Niya gave up a small laugh before continued speaking “I confess that Georgina was very good in her coaching the athletes in that event. She managed to get her athletes to stand their landings instead of crashing which proved to be the event that helped her team winning the title. A pity Emperor Palin couldn’t do a thing about that victory due to that Merra confessed to Georgina later that she overheard island nations’ national rulers in the ruler box in his presence commenting that Americania would win the title after seeing all the Americanian athletes stand their landings and kept up the prediction chatter while Oceana competed on the High Bar seeing the athletes all crash their landings. This chatter was also kept up just prior to the results were shown and announced proven their prediction to be true.” 
Eric heard a door knocking sound frowned to go to the door yanking it open to see his familiar guard who spoke “Something we caught broadcasted and recorded which you must view immediately.” 
He walked out frowning sensing Niya following which he went to the couch to stand behind it and stared at the TV monitors seeing them flick on showing a male Monarch standing behind a microphone with the sign of hospital behind him.

Eric adds "Sign of hospital is a math symbol of a letter three in English which is also a Cyrillic letter in Human's Russian language. Not sure where it came from."

Kept telling the story using third person: 
Eric frowned as the Monarch spoke in Americanian “With regrets, I must inform you that Her Excellency President Lia Victorian Kossman has passed way which we’re still testing her for the cause of death at the moment. Her son Drew has been admitted to the hospital with some medical condition that makes him stay asleep despite our efforts to wake him up which we’re still testing him for the cause and will let you know. Thank you that’s all.” 
He saw the TV monitor went blank recalled something his guard mentioned to him about the Sun Lord position turned to glare at Niya who looked at him with a frown. 
He signed “Please move position for both you and the guard to see my hand language.” 
He saw Niya obey to stand next to his guard which he saw was looking at him and he signed seeing understanding in their eyes “Talk to me what the Sun Lord’s position is entirely. You said something about the Sun Lord’s position regarding my mask which makes me think the title has authority over national rulers so talk.” 
He folded his arms and glared at the guard who appeared to look nervous along with having a gulping motion seen in his throat as Niya spoke “Excuse me, Eric, private conversation about something.” 
He saw her stare at the guard who looked at her and watched as a glare formed on Niya’s face while seeing the Highlander had some big frown on his face before nodding his head in Human style yes gesture and turned to look at him. 
He heard the guard speak “Let me tell you a story about something related to the Sun Lord position that’s been passed down in records before I get to the point of the title’s duties.” 
He bobbed his head as the guard paused then the Highlander added “Back then cycles ago island nations’ national rulers were fighting for the right to be declared Terrania’s planetary ruler which Nikolas back then as Hades and advisor Teorjer overheard and got into a discussion on solving that problem. It was Nikolas who came up with the idea of the Sun Lord which he got the island nations’ national rulers to meet in Atlanta in the President’s office to tell them the idea. It was the Americanian President back then backed up with allied rulers who ordered Nikolas to find a Human in a Human dominated city for the position which he agreed to do and that the other rulers couldn’t protest to that due to his status as being Hades. 
Now according to our records Merra who you know who that is got a hold of a female descendant named Cassandra from your female offspring and told her of the Sun Lord position along with Nikolas’s arrival and doing what it takes to see that Nikolas selects the Human descendant named Eric from your male offspring. 
Cassandra according to our records was manipulated to be near Nikolas when he arrived to the city so she would have no trouble getting him to pick Eric for the position. Also according to records Eric has admitted not being surprised about this due to that Merra just prior to Nikolas’s arrival contacted him and informed him of the situation while sounding like she was up to something to him and she refused to say what she was really saying. Eric’s mate in question hinted to him without realizing that she got it what Merra was really saying that you would take the position once it was clear you had no purpose in life after the passing of your mate named Brianna.”
Eric frown hearing that as the guard kept talking “It was Teorjer who according to our records issued the duties of the Sun Lord after the title holder was introduced at the Americanian hosted Terrania Unity Games. Reason for duties is that Merra told Teorjer to do it due to sensing hostility among the island nations’ national rulers and wanted to prevent violence from happening. The reason for the hostility was that Kenibia hosted the World Championships for athletes to place in rankings just to earn the right to compete in the Terrania Unity Games which every single Americanian athlete delegation was hit with disqualification regardless of how they placed said to be preventing them from competing in the Terrania Unity Games despite the nation as host. The hostility became known when the Felidaes’ main island ruler publicity announced supporting Kenibia for disqualifications of Americanian athletes which was backed up by other island nations’ national rulers' publicity announcing it. 
As a result a majority of rulers supported the disqualification while Shadan’s ruler publicity announced that he wasn’t supporting the disqualification and said that Americanians were competing in the games period as hosts of the sporting event which led to hostility and protests from other rulers but Americania’s ruler agreed with Shadan’s ruler and issued that Americania was competing anyway. The other rulers in response publicity supporting keeping Americanian athletes out of the games threatened to withdraw their athletes from the sporting event if Americanians were competing which Shadan’s ruler in response to that threat threatened war on them if they went through with such a withdrawal. 
Merra wound up telling Teorjer about that hostility sensed and it was him who ordered the rulers to attend the opening ceremonies of the games by saying that they had to be there when the Sun Lord was introduced period due to showing that they knew about it and weren’t surprised at the introducing.”
Eric felt himself stop frowning as the guard paused to look at Niya who he saw glared at the guard in response which he again eyed the Highlander who looked at him and added “Teorjer said at the introducing that the Sun Lord is Terrania’s planetary ruler and is ruler over the island nations’ national rulers including the racial species’ rulers as well. 
Teorjer also announced that the Sun Lord has ruler authority to tell island nations’ national rulers to back off from doing any hostile behavior towards another island nation and their ruler including telling them off from declaring war and that includes doing that leadership authority to racial species’ rulers as well. 
Teorjer continued to announce that the island nations’ national rulers and racial species’ rulers answers to the Sun Lord if they were seemed being abusive in their leadership position. 
Teorjer added that the Sun Lord has authority to remove a ruler from leadership position if the person was seemed being abusive with their titled position along with putting in a replacement in their place selected by the Sun Lord himself. 
Teorjer continued to talk that the Sun Lord’s position as planetary ruler is similar to an island nation’s national ruler and racial species’ ruler but his title position is higher and has the authority to control other rulers like their positions of control over island nations and racial species as well.”
Eric felt himself smirking as the guard paused to look away at Niya he assumed before looking back at him and speaking “After Teorjer was finished announcing about the Sun Lord’s position that Americania’s ruler and allied rulers publicity announced in the stadium after he was done talking to supporting what he said which got the crowd in response in the stadium to erupt in cheers showing that they agreed as well. 
The rulers who were sensed to disagree with Teorjer’s talk weren’t able to do anything about it due to that the majority of the crowd were reportedly their own people. 
This was due to that a majority of Americanians were reportedly overheard saying to people that they wouldn’t attend the Terrania Unity Games because of the dispute about their fellow athletes’ rights to compete in the sporting event.”
Eric smirked hearing the guard’s words as the Highlander stopped talking abruptly which he grimaced wiping away the smirk as he felt a hand touch his cheek sensing it belonged to Niya in some claw gesture. 
He looked at Niya to see a glare on her face and grimace inwardly frowning on his face as she pointed two fingers in her eyesight gesturing for him to look at her and she spoke removing her fingers “One thing I was going to admit from my knowledge of Georgina Visser before interrupted was she had very strong views regarding rulers who abuse their leadership position and what to do about handling them seen very clearly in my mind. 
Merra scanned Georgina’s mind back then and took her views in effect over rulers abusing their title position which I’m enforcing over you period.”
Eric frowned staring at Niya paused to put her other hand on his cheek along with her hand in a claw gesture on his other cheek changing to palm touch. 
He exhaled a breath through his mouth as she spoke sounding firm to him “I won’t have you abusing your title position or seem abusive to people period. I will do what it takes to keep you in line and enforce Georgina’s view on handling abusive rulers such as letting them keep their titled position but fixing their behavior so they’ll stop being abusive. I insist that you accept this period due to that people will see that I’m doing what they are hoping to prevent seeing from you.”
He shut his eyes feeling Niya’s hands rub his cheeks feeling pleasure from that and heard her add sounding like talking to the guard “Put word out the importance of my position and being the Sun Lord’s mate is to keep the Sun Lord from being abusive with his titled position and be very firm on that announcing when talking to the public to show that its not a joke but actual fact period. I believe this announcement should assure the public that I’m important worth kept alive and unharmed as long as the Sun Lord isn’t seemed abusive with his titled position.” 
He heard from the guard as Niya paused “Just had a bad thought about if your taken down wouldn’t the Sun Lord retaliate by being abusive?”
He kept his eyes shut feeling Niya’s hands continue their rubbing and heard her speak “I suggest you mention that bad thought to people without making it seem that the Sun Lord is aware of it. Speak it as a warning to people that the Sun Lord values me very strongly as his mate due to losing a female to death and doesn’t want to go through with the pain of that again. I don’t care if you indicate the pain as Han’s Syndrome or not for it doesn’t matter. Just make it seem that the Sun Lord doesn’t want to lose me and will do what it takes to keep me alive and will retaliate by being abusive with his titled position if I’m taken down. This includes picking on titled rulers very harshly if they or their people were discovered responsible for taking me down. Believe me you wouldn’t want to get the Sun Lord angry at you anyway.” 
Eric opened his eyes sensing Niya had stopped her rubbing which he stared at her in the eyes seeing affection in them and saw a hint of a smile on her lips placed a hand over one of her hands on his cheeks while shutting his eyes to move her hand rubbing it over his cheek feeling pleasure from that movement motion. He sensed no protest from Niya as her free hand rubbed his cheek in response to his manipulating and heard nothing from his guards but sensed them watching in response to Niya’s talk. He felt regret as Niya’s free hand left his cheek and felt her arm wrap around him her body pressing into his body which he opened his eyes staring at her seeing the familiar affection look in her face and eyes. 
He smiled at Niya not baring his teeth due to recalling that teeth baring was body language for fighting a person if they didn’t get their way in an argument as he brought an arm around Niya and held her in position against him. He saw her eyes shift to his lips which he lowered his head and kissed her on the lips keeping his eyes open seeing her doing the same and broke off the kiss. He brought his hand holding Niya’s hand on his cheek on her back and leaned his chin against the side of her head sensing her agreeing to it by her free hand leaving his cheek and felt her put it on the back of his neck by pressure felt in the area. 
He shut his eyes feeling himself happy from hugging Niya and gently rubbed her head with his chin while hearing a door opening and closing sound figured that the guards were doing what Niya ordered frowned hearing a loud ahem sounding repeatedly. 
Eric exhaled a breath through his mouth feeling himself still happy with hugging Niya while opening his eyes to stare at his familiar guard who spoke loudly “Message from the hospital that announced the passing of her Excellency President Victorian Kossman is that they say that she was poisoned according to her symptoms she had in front of the doctors just prior to passing away abruptly and have traced the poison’s origin.”
Eric felt himself annoyed continued to eye the guard while still holding Niya in a hug who continued speaking “Her offspring was discovered to be in some can’t be waken sleep was a result of his body reacting to being poisoned which they managed to give him the antidote but suspect that there’ll be some kind of medical condition affecting his legs and feet according to tests on him while they attempt to wake him up.” 
He felt annoyance take hold as the guard kept talking “The hospital pinpointed the poison’s source from Kenibia and are trying to find out who’s responsible for the poisoning of President Victorian Kossman and her offspring due to suspecting that someone else other than a Kenibian was the responsible party. 
Kenibians I remind you are not known to poison people to death instead hit people with only sleeping ailments through special plant remedies.” 
He continued to feel himself annoyed hearing that heard nothing more from the guard heard from Merra abruptly sounding in his mind as he shifted his eyes to stare at the floor “Actually I already pinpointed the one who ordered the poisoning to be done along with the hand who did the job so don’t worry about it. 
Oh I’ll call on you again for a favor once I finish having a word with this person who ordered the job due to sensing something odd going on, Hmph.”
He felt Merra leave his mind continued to stare at the floor while hugging Niya and again heard a door opening and closing sound followed by a loud ahem sound which he looked up to stare at his guard sensing his mind scanned. 
He mentally spoke “What do you want done now? Can’t you see I’m busy with my mate?”
He narrowed his eyes in a glare as the guard mentally spoke making him further annoyed “Actually the Mistress from mind scans isn’t kidding on what she said about keeping you from being abusive in your position Your Majesty. And yes we’ll spread the word on what the Mistress said to us including how you were seen treating her after she spoke her words.” 
He felt the headache stop as the guard looked away to stare at another Highlander which he stared at the floor feeling annoyance stop followed by feeling himself calm sensing that the guard wasn’t kidding on what he said referring to Niya and his reaction towards her spoken words. He continued to hug Niya sensing her hugging him in response which he rubbed his chin on the side of her head and exhaled a breath as Niya’s hand went from the back of his neck to his cheek which he looked at her in the eyes. 
He saw affection in them along with a frown look on her face followed by her speaking “Eric, lets sit down on the couch. You need to save your strength for using your fists on whoever poisoned the President and her offspring once Merra determines who along with agreeing to the fisting as punishment.” 
He heard nothing from Merra or his guards in response slowly released his hold on Niya and didn’t protest as she after copying his releasing methods took his hand and pulled him to the couch’s front which he sat down feeling her let go of his hand. He felt himself happy as Niya sat sideways on his lap feeling her hands on his cheeks and kissing him on the lips which he wrapped arms around her and kissed her back in response him and her kissing seemingly lengthy without an indication of breaking it off- 

A sound of disgust is heard by Recorder sounding of Breaker's voice to response to Eric's talk. Eric is still giving off his familiar roars but ignoring the noises of Breaker to keep on telling the story. Still using third person talk but this time referring to himself in that talk instead of using I, first person talk. 

Eric gets interrupted of the kiss by sleepiness breaks off kiss to dream of himself in his office facing the Emperor of Shonsurra Shintaro Tanaka who tosses liquid from a bottle in his hand aimed at him only to see blackness block the way which he sees is a Zeskaya that grabs the Emperor. 
He continues to dream as the Zeskaya shifts to behind the Emperor to put sword on the Highlander’s neck which he sees too late Tanaka toss a dart and hears a groan off his left to spot a Zeskaya leaning backward right where Niya was standing gets told by guard mentally that she’s behind his chair which he gets up and heads towards the Emperor only to hear his name spoken by Niya with panic in her voice which he looks to see the guard has a gun aimed at her head while having an arm around her neck. 
He feels angry as the Zeskaya he looks at frees the Emperor but makes not move to go near the guard as Tanaka pulls out a paper and pen and says that he has to sign it period or Niya dies. He glares at the Emperor who puts paper on the desk which he unfolds to see its some document from the looks at it and signs his name Eric in his familiar language then hears a gunshot should looks to see Niya crumble to the ground followed by the guard firing the gun aimed at him and he crumbles to the ground seeing blackness only to come to feeling Niya patting his cheek which he jerks open his eyes shaking his head staring at her alive and feels confusion hitting him. 
Eric hears his guard verbally tells him behind him that the Emperor of Shonsurra wants a meeting with him and they’ve agreed to do it in his office which he figures out that the dream was a message of the future goes to his office with Niya as insisted by the guard and Niya herself which he can’t put them off despite them both insisting on it. 
Once in the office he gets insisted on keeping his face bared by the guard and Niya backing him up which he obeys to see two outlines of Zeskaya forms in the room figures that he’ll do what it takes to avoid the dream’s contents from happening. Eric sits as the Emperor arrives alone and carrying a bottle looking like it holds liquids. He eyes the Emperor to see that he appears to have fanged teeth as he talks a greeting comment in Basic to him. Eric sees from his dream the Emperor tossing water aimed at him from the bottle and Zeskaya restraining the ruler along with a Zeskaya darted in place of Niya who’s behind his chair as told by the guard. He gets up going to the guard grabbing the male’s arm who protests to that which he glares at the guard mentally telling him while feeling his mind scanned that he needs him to voice what’s he’s saying for Niya and Zeskaya to hear. 
He let goes of the guard’s arm as he goes to stand near the Emperor while glaring at the ruler and hears a gunshot sound along with feeling muscle pain all over that makes him kneels abruptly putting arms around himself grimacing from the pain. He hears the guard verbalizing his words about the document that the Emperor he refers as his majesty wants signed by Eric he names hears from the Emperor talking that its unnecessary anyway judging by the looks of the Eric appearing to suffer Han’s Syndrome which he notices the ruler talking to the Zeskaya calling him his son and to find the nearest Akylah and spread the word that the Sun Lord has giving up his planetary ruler ship duties to the Emperor himself who’ll be planetary lord and ruler of all Terranians and that the Sun Lord is nothing but a figurehead due to having planetary powers. 
He slides to the floor watching as the Zeskaya fades from view and the Emperor walks to the doors walking out followed by the guard leaving him lying on the floor which he hears doors shut as he feels pain all over and figures that its from Han’s Syndrome due to hearing about it in the past and figures that the guard has successfully shot Niya to death feels a hand clawed like pulling down part of his neck covering followed by a stinging pain of a needle dart injected feels the muscle pain slowly ebbing away along with a familiar irritation feeling feels confused as to what happened slowly sits up and is grabbed by a figure wrapping hands around him and hugging him with a female form along with feeling charges of pleasure from that. 
He jerks to aim towards the female’s face widening his eyes seeing its Niya alive who puts hands on his cheeks and kisses him on the lips a kiss which he rolls his eyes from that followed by breaking it off to remove her hands and sign to him that she was pushed onto the floor the moment the guard aimed his gun at her and tried to shoot her in the process.. He doesn’t comment in sign language gets up pulling her up and sees her shut her eyes going limp in his arms which he grabs and senses she’s still alive but unconscious examines her for any bullet wounds and finds none realizes that the Emperor has infiltrated Highlanders loyal to him into the Sun Lord’s guard group figures why Niya appeared to faint in his arms to make it seem like she was shot when he carries her out of the office room which he lifts her up and carries her to the doors banging a foot onto it and feels anger when a door open showing a guard that isn’t his that looks like having a smirk look on his face seeing him holding Niya. 
He forms a glare and walks pass the guard ignoring him figuring that he’ll take her and himself to the hospital for examination due to thinking it’ll be safer there from his traitorous guards supporting the Emperor. He senses a guard following halts his walk to glare at him and sees a frown on the Highlander’s face smirk off who scans his mind which he speaks that he’s taking her to the hospital for examination and himself to be contained for Han’s Syndrome due to still feeling some pains hitting him and wants the doctors to examine him while he’s undergoing the pain of her passing. 
He looks away and goes to the elevator to see three Highlanders all males inside along with his guard following him inside. He hears gun cocking sounds and feels a gun point at the back of his neck and hears the guard speaking loudly to take this elevator to the sleeper room for putting Niya and the Sun Lord inside locking them in it as ordered by the Emperor while hearing the other guards verbalizing their agreement and senses their guns are pointed at him. 
He feels the elevator go down and abruptly stop with a jerk followed by looking up at the ceiling with his eyes to see smoke billowing into the thing and hears coughing sounds very loudly along with one of them commenting an Argh this wasn’t supposed to happen due to that the Emperor has managed to get too many Highlanders loyal to him to replace guards belonging to the Sun Lord to assure of the ruler’s plans happen as the smoke fogs up the elevator. 
He figures that the breathing device is keeping him from breathing the smoke clamps his mouth shut and feels regret sensing that Niya would be further knocked out while holding her in his arms which he tightens his hold as he hears silence in the elevator followed by a hissing sound as smoke clears away and looks around to see all the guards are on the floor appearing to be unconscious and feels the elevator moving going down further and wonders where it’s really going till he gets an answer to see it’s the brig’s floor and sees Highlander guards which he glares at them enter the elevator yanking out the four unconscious guards then one stands in the elevator next to him and speaks loudly to move the elevator sending it to the medical floor room. 
He feels it go up shifts his head to stare at the guard while feeling himself confused on what one of the guards in the elevator said while someone knocked them out. He sees the guard look his way and look away resuming staring at the elevator doors as he stares at the Highlander. Eric feels himself annoyed with this situation as the elevator stops showing the medical room floor and ordered out by the guard which he obeys going inside to see a female Human there with facial looks that reminds him of someone there who orders him to put Niya onto the bed which he obeys then steps back folding his arms while glaring the doctor he assumes. He sees the doctor scan Niya with various devices along with putting some kind of oxygen mask over her face from tubes attached to a cylinder tube that is small sized and steps back staring at her commenting that she’s fine despite breathing the knock out gas and should wake up when her system has taken enough oxygen. 
He unfolds his arms to put a hand gripping Niya’s hand while staring at her to feel his hand squeezed and sees her chest rise up and down followed by her making a coughing motion which he shifts to look at her eyes seeing them jerk open with confusion in them. He hears from the doctor that Niya’s medically fine but she has to breathe the oxygen’s tank for awhile for the knock out gas to get out of her system which she thinks it’ll take two sun positions for that to happen. He shifts to glare at the guard who notices him staring sees the Highlander look away towards the doctor and speaks asking if the Mistress could stay in the Sun Lord’s quarters instead of in here. He looks away to stare at Niya and lifts her up hearing the doctor speak that its fine with her and he carries Niya with oxygen cylinder sitting on her to out of the medical room to the elevator sensing the guard following which inside he feels it go up followed by showing the familiar hallway floor which he hears the guard speak to follow him out which he obeys. 
He follows the guard to a door where there are two Highlander guards in front of it that open it and he goes inside carrying Niya to sit on the couch with her seated sideways on his lap while sensing the guards in front of the door are in the quarters with him. 
Eric leans back against the couch sensing Niya has fallen asleep by her still breathing form feels angry with the trick Emperor Tanaka played at him to feel the emotion hitting him struggles to not mouth breathe but mouth breathes anyway to get the rages hitting him clouding up his eyes sight to hear multiple gasps sounds and feels a headache of his mind scanned to feel his eyes sight clear up to find both guards standing in front of him looking shocked by the expressions on their faces as he quits his mouth breathing to breathe through his nose and feels the headache stop to eye both guards form glares on their faces followed by looking at each other seemingly lengthy then one walks which he follows to see the guard go to a console on the wall next to the door and hears multiple beeps sounds followed by speaking in foreign language sounding like an angry tone in the voice to him sounding amplified seemingly lengthy before cutting it off with a beep sound. 
Eric feels confused as to what’s said continues to hold Niya in his arms who remains asleep followed by one of the guards speaking to him in Americanian to bring her to the bedroom so she can sleep lying down due to that the oxygen she’s breathing would make her sleep it off for awhile till her system has wiped away the sleeping gas’s traces enough for her to wake up but she would still have to breathe the oxygen mask. Eric doesn’t protest lifts her up and carries her and cylinder tank to the bedroom finding the door open which he puts Niya on the bed putting the cylinder tank next to her between the pillows and hears from the guard that his majesty is wanted elsewhere and that the Emperor is a fool to think he can have Highlanders loyal to him to infiltrated the Sun Lord’s guard ranks without anyone knowing about it or hide any knowledge that the Emperor fathered a Zeskaya son twin to his heir a Highlander son back then. 
He frowns hearing that goes to the guard who ads that the Emperor does have Highlanders into the Sun Lord’s guard ranks but their not loyal to the Emperor himself due to that the Sun Lord himself proved to have what some rumor said about some deity like person who Shonsurrans have always revered and turns out to be that the Sun Lord himself has parts of this deity’s abilities as warned by another of another species warning Shonsurrans of the Sun Lord who proved it. 
He doesn’t comment in response as the guard adds that he ordered computer sensors in the building to turn on which would knock out anyone hidden. 
He doesn’t comment in response gets ordered out of the room by the guard who ads that he needs to go to the guards’ meeting room to flaunt what the guards saw from him as in his eyes changing color which he figures its his rages doing it to prove what he announced on the public address system overhead and that the guards will protect the Mistress from harm due to that he personally announced that the Sun Lord would retaliate if anything happened to the Mistress very deadly. 
Eric doesn’t comment goes to the quarters’ door and waits as the guard walks out first which he follows to the elevator that takes a route to a familiar set of double doors and finds himself in some kind of cafeteria among guards looking at him and adjusts his mouth to breathe through it discreetly and feels the rages coming up clouding up his eyes sight hears crashing sounds then clamps his mouth shut to nose breathe while looking around with his eyes clearing up to spot two Highlanders appearing to look unconscious being hauled out of the room by a pair of Highlanders each which he frowns seeing that to get from the guard escorting him that his majesty has their loyalty period and it won’t matter whatever the Emperor Shintaro Tanaka orders for them to do to the Sun Lord they won’t do it period due to that they don’t have loyalty to him at all. 
He doesn’t comment in response eyes the guard to give a head bob then told mentally to go to his mate and stay with her due to that she’ll expect him to be there once she’s waken up by herself which he obeys and hits the bathroom feeling an irritation hitting him then comes out to see Niya is still asleep figures he’ll lie on the bed and holds her in his arms which he proceeds to do feeling himself fine enough doing it. He falls asleep to dream of a Zeskaya falling down the stairs and lands on the landing in front of two Highlanders appearing to be some of his guards who yanks off the Zeskaya’s mask off his face and speaks that it’s Emperor Shintaro Tanaka’s rumored son from the looks of it and that the doctor hence her familiarity is another family member due to having similar facial appearance as this Zeskaya which he recalls to himself that the guard isn’t kidding and then the view goes black to come to he discovers himself and Niya moved from their sideways positions to lie on his back with her on top of him and senses from her form that she’s still asleep and feels confused as to how someone managed to get them both into that position but doesn’t get an answer.
He shuts his eyes to dream of Terris who shows some all black eyed change ability to him and proceeds to teach him on how to do it without getting the rages which he obeys and finds himself not having trouble doing it. He sees blackness comes to finding Niya still on him but her oxygen mask is gone from her and she’s rubbing his face with her hand while having her head on his shoulder. He exhales a breath through his mouth feeling himself happy to have Niya back to him and then hears a door knocking sound which he eyes the door to see it open and sees a guard with a glare on his face that mentally tells him that Emperor Shintaro Tanaka with some guards roped to serve him are currently in the Sun Lord’s office and have refused to budge from there and have refused to be put off from demanding that the Sun Lord be there despite the late hour of the day with night nearly coming up. 
He senses Niya asleep by her stopping her hand rubbing and body still which he gently eases himself out of bed with Niya still on the bed asleep and goes to the guard who adds that about three guards have been roped to serve the Emperor and from recorders aimed in the room they have some kind of recording device with them along with the Emperor having paperwork on the desk along with writing pens included. He feels annoyance hit him figuring it out that the Emperor wants him to sign some document forms and wants it on recorder to prove to the public that he signed it. 
Eric glares at the guard and senses his mind scanned to mentally say that he’s going to there and that the guards should be in the hallway ready to arrest the Emperor and traitorous guards and recording device confiscated along with paperwork the Emperor has for him for this stunt is not acceptable. He gets a head bob from the guard which he goes to his office to find six guards in the hallway armed with hand guns and goes inside the office slamming the doors behind him loudly then folds his arms to glare at the Emperor who doesn’t seem to be afraid of his face bared. He gets from the Emperor a demand that he’ll sign the paper issuing him as the planetary ruler while the Sun Lord is just a figurehead which Eric remains standing without going near the desk as the Emperor adds that he has Highlanders loyal to him infiltrated in the Sun Lord’s guards who’ll do harm to his mate Niya such giving her a poison that’ll make her suffer pains and only get relief from some kind of antidote but its only a temporary fix for her pains will come back and that the antidote is only found in Shonsurra who’ll do what it takes to keep foreigners out from getting the antidote. 
He doesn’t comment in response recalls Terris’ teaching wills what Terris calls the Source through and notices that one of the guards look nervous while the Emperor looks a little more angry seeing that before commenting that the trick won’t work with him for he’s not easily deterred. Eric wills the Source away from him walks up to the desk keeping his arms folded and glares at the Emperor who thrust on the desk a piece of paper with printed ink writing on it along with a line that requires his signature which he raises a hand and fists it sensing his mind scanned and asks demanding for the Emperor to figure out what he wrote on the document without the help of a Drainer translating it. 
He glares at the Emperor as he lowers his fisted arm and gets from the ruler that he has developed an ability to read any language but doesn’t have the translating ability of a Drainer for spoken language. His senses blare telling him something else is going on by the Emperor’s voice tone having an edge in it which he bents down grabbing the pen and recalls his life before Terrania newly matured in sexually fighting with Human guards and they used various vulgar words identified by someone else identity unknown who told him not to speak them when reacting to him hitting them along with him fighting them which he figures he’ll use one of the worded comments as his signature to the document writes that down and steps back tossing the pen onto the table to glare at the Emperor who holds up the document to stare at it and does a double take look before putting the document down and pulls additional paper from a pile and says that the signature has to be exactly like the paper’s signature for the document to be legal period. 
He eyes the documents seeing that one is a copy of his signed document and the other holds nothing but writing in it in some foreign language he can’t read. Eric figures that the Emperor lied about the reading ability due to that he appeared to not react badly from the vulgar language written on the document or seemed confused by it. He picks up the pen and tosses it at the window along with grabbing the documents and rips them all up throwing the pieces behind him and then resumes folding his arms. 
Eric hears a gunshot sound along with a body hitting him which he looks in time to see that it’s a Wiser sliding to the floor and notices the nervous guard has a gun pointed in his direction which he glares at and hears from the Emperor that they should shoot him anyway hears another gunshot from behind along with a body hitting him turns around to see a Wiser sliding to the floor with form still and sees another guard pointing a gun aimed at his direction that aims the gun down at his feet and fires it which he stiffens feeling stinging in his left foot doesn’t react from that turns around to glare at the Emperor who’s still seated and hears a sound of a gunshot and sees the ruler slump over on the desk. 
He hears a groan from the shooter looks to see the guard is limp while having something shiny sticking out of his chest and then shiny pulls itself back into the guard who slides to the floor showing a Zeskaya without mask on with face that reminds him of someone in place that speaks in foreign language while waving the sword weapon that has blood on it. 
Eric in response walks away towards the doors unstopped and yanks them open stepping aside only to feel pain in his chest over the right side and sees that the Zeskaya has stabbed him there by the male in front of him hand out near his chest area which he jerks as the sword is removed along with feeling sleepiness falls to the floor passing out unconscious. 

Eric wakes up lying in bed with night vision in his eyes sight stripped of his clothes wearing just his underwear shorts and he feels some kind of cloth bandage wrapped around his left foot along with Niya lying on top of him wearing a nightgown from the feel and hears a screaming sound looks around the room and Niya to see that the screaming is in his mind gets up from the bed removing Niya and kneels keeping his eyes open to see his vision show watery like substance and mentally orders shields to turn on seeing it happen in his mind. His eyes sight switches view to show a planet looking green looking along with seeing something identified as an asteroid by the Shadonian sky ship’s Humans heading towards the planet and sees that its not by Rakcaran war ship but by its own mentally orders weapons on and orders them to fire aiming at the asteroid sees that the weapons are only limited by the planet’s shield boundary and figures that the asteroid would have to pass the shield to be destroyed orders weapons to cease and keeps an eye on the asteroid as it travels towards the planet going through the shields and sees it in the sky by mind then orders weapons to fire aiming at it and sees multiple fireballs hitting the asteroid from various places all over. The asteroid breaks into pieces all over and shatters into what appears to be dirt mist orders weapons to cease its firing and then hears the screaming stop orders shields to stop. Followed by blinking his eyes seeing that there’s a lamp on in the room gets up feeling himself not too weary to see Niya restrained by a guard having a gun pointed to her head. The guard demands the Sun Lord to sign the paper that is on the bed along with pen which he sees with recognition with him is the document the Emperor wanted him to sign picks up the pen and figures he’ll use it as a weapon throws it aiming at the guard’s face. 
He sees it hit home followed by the guard releasing hold on Niya who throws a fist into the guard’s sensitive part area which gets the male to bent down groaning. 
Eric stalks towards the guard as Niya gets behind him using some fast speed move putting hands on front around him which he continues to walk towards the guard while having Niya’s hands on him. He sees the guard straighten up his form and hears a gunshot from the gun to feel no pain on his chest but hears a groan from Niya figures that her hand took the bullet and continues to feel Niya’s hands still on their places despite the shooting. 
He halts walking towards the guard to notice an outline come near the guard which the outline takes the gun out of the guard’s hand and throws a fist who falls backwards hitting the floor unconscious. Eric eyes the outline that turns to face him pointing the gun aimed at him which he eyes seeing the form become solid showing himself with scaly tan skin and an angry look on his face. He continues to eye himself who aims the gun towards him with some glare on his face which he figures that it’s Kick who’s doing it from the attitude. 
He glares at Kick who fires the gun and hears another groan from Niya along with her hand hold dropping off of him which he senses she’s hit the floor and hears nothing more from her. He signs to Kick to drop the gun and fight him claw to claw period and stop using that gun weapon. He glares at Kick who aims the gun at him and hears a gun shot sound feels himself collapsing onto his knees from pain in his leg and that his knees are too weak to hold him up. He feels himself getting a bit annoyed with Kick who goes up to him aiming the gun at his head and hears a click sound from it followed by Kick throwing the gun aimed at his face which he jerks his head sideways from it. 
He feels weakness hitting him as Kick he notices strips himself of the jacket and charges towards him which he tries to block the charge only to hear whooshing sounds along with pain on his back of a claw scratch along with on his left cheek grimaces from that while feeling blood dripping from them forces himself to stand up turning hidden and hears from Kick a nice try comment but he can see him hidden anyway and again grimaces from claws scratching him all over while hearing whooshing sounds repeatedly. 
Eric feels confused as to where Kick is to fight him and defend himself due to hearing multiple whooshing sounds as he continues to feel himself scratched over his body sparing his sensitive part. 
He falls to the floor by a leg kicking him and then feels his hair grabbed head forced up and sees that Kick is holding him which he reveals his form and gets from Kick that his life is his period for he’ll have what he wants while raising a free hand up which he figures he’s going to scratch his throat due to not doing it there and mentally speaks a help me comment gets from Kick that no one is going to help him and that no one can stop him from doing what he’s doing period. Eric sees Kick’s hand aiming for his throat shuts his eyes and waits and hears a roaring sound along with Kick’s hand off him which he jerks open his eyes to see shiny sticking out of Kick in the chest who looks frozen with shock on his face along with the shiny pulling out then Kick slides to the floor with form still and looks to see an outline of a Zeskaya from the looks of it without a mask on the face who darts away going through the bathroom doorway and hears a click sound. He eyes Kick to crawl towards him and putting a hand on Kick’s face and digs a clawed hand into the male’s cheek scratching him and hears a choking sound from Kick crawls away from him towards Niya lying on the floor unconscious with blood dripping from one of her hands and arm. He sees she’s alive crawls to the closed door of the quarters to yank it open and feels himself too tired to do anything lies his form down on the floor in the doorway and shuts his eyes passing out unconscious. 

Eric comes to feeling himself sore all over while lying in bed with his underwear shorts stripped from him with bandages over the areas where he was shot by gun along with his familiar gloves covering his clawed hands while feeling a female naked body he recognizes as Niya lying on top of him and senses she’s got bandages on her hand and arm. Eric jerks open his eyes looking around the room seeing that the door to the bedroom is shut along with the window shade down but glowing from the sunlight outside. He feels confused as to what happened to Kick and who found him like this feels himself itching to mate with Niya from feeling the desire within him gently moves Niya’s form onto her back and puts his form on top of her ignoring his body’s complaints from the moving to stare at her in the face and brings his lips to hers kissing her while putting hands on her sides fingers flexing into her. He gets from Niya an mm sound along with feeling her kissing him back as he feels himself more interested in getting inside her. He breaks off the kiss to stare at Niya who opens her eyes showing some look of affection in them and senses that someone told her what happened after she passed out while he was fighting with Kick. He feels her legs part surrounding him locking him in place and doesn’t react from that due to that the leg position is familiar similar to Brianna’s way whenever she mated with him. He enters Niya feeling charges of pleasure hitting him each time he thrusts inside her and with a jerk spills himself inside her shaking from the intense charge of pleasure hitting him which he gently settles himself on top of her putting hands on her back while still in her and doesn’t react to her legs still locked around him. He stares at Niya’s face seeing affection in them which he smiles at her not baring his teeth to feel happy having her as his. Eric stiffens as he feels metal of a gun poking the side of his head and Kick’s familiar voice ordering him to get off of her which he looks off his left to see Kick with scar scratch on his cheek looking angry. He feels Niya’s legs tighten their hold around him followed by her speaking in some odd voice tone that sounds familiar saying he’s not budging from her and Kick should leave period. He gets from Kick that he’ll shoot if Eric doesn’t get off only to get balked by Niya refusing him firmly in her odd voice tone eyes Kick who grunts falling to his knees which he sees an outline of a hidden Zeskaya not masked that swings a sword aiming at Kick’s neck and cuts off his head taking the head and sees the Zeskaya going into the bathroom. 
He hears a bang sound loudly looks down at Niya to see her eyes are glowing golden and figures from memory that she’s partially Builder and was using a Builder voice tone onto Kick. He eyes Niya who stop flaring her eyes golden turning into brown ones that speaks that they have to get up and get dressed just to get the body deposed and out of their bedroom. He exhales a breath through his mouth feeling Niya release her leg hold around him and he pulls out getting up from her and the bed while grabbing the breathing device. He goes to the dresser to put on his underwear shorts, uniform and exchanges his gloves in the process. Once done dressed goes to the body picking it up by both hands and hauls it to the bedroom door opening it with a hand and walks through the door to see instead of his living room but a forest that looks familiar and its night time while having some light sources shining. He looks around and sees he’s in the Surrai’s forest ground hauls the body towards where there’s an eater present and throws it in it seeing the body burn to ashes. Then senses presences coming from behind him turns around and sees with annoyance Emperor Shintaro Tanaka who speaks the word Claws which he jerks bending down getting a headache as memories spill into his mind showing himself as Claws. Claws attacking a Highlander wearing some kind of suit uniform by having hand on the male’s throat and thrusting his body into things along with the wall as the Highlander puts a bare hand on his clawed hand and narrows his eyes despite grimacing of pain. He recalls feeling a headache when that happened to see Claws punch the Highlander in the face several times who passes out then throws him towards the wall and sees the male hit it while feeling the headache stop then steps onto a pair of gloves which he ignores to walk away. He gets another memory of Claws coming out of a doorway hearing voices talking and seemingly understanding what their saying as a female voice is talking about needing to know who her mate is and told that there’s an image of a male in her mind and wants her brother Takahiro to mind scan her and describe the male to her. He sees Claw come into a doorway peering into a room to see a familiar male Highlander that he beat up taking off a glove putting a hand on a female Highlander’s cheek and hears the male speaking that the one she’s destined to mate with has a Highlander appearance with night sky hair. He feels anger hitting watches as Claws darts into the room to grab the Highlander male yanking him away and throws him into the wall appearing to be knocked out cold. The female gasps loudly darts away towards the hallway getting out of the room only to get tackled behind by Claws who thrusts her front to face him and grabs her wrists with a hand and with an other hand rips her clothes off her form baring her and adjusts his pants to bare himself followed by forcing himself inside her despite she screaming in terror and mates with her spilling himself inside her then once done gets up adjusting his clothes to hear a groan sound come from the female. Claws eyes her with curiosity hitting to see part of her he recognizes from the tape Brianna showing him getting swollen with child while hearing a loud gasp sound.
A male voice heard by Claws yell "You stinking First One!" 
He feels himself attacked by fists grabs the male Highlander throwing him onto the floor and hears a sound he recognizes as crying to see a baby appearing to be a Highlander is lying between the female’s legs. He speaks commenting that its not his problem and walks away going through the doorway which the scene changes to show a bathroom he recognizes as the one on the water ship to hear the sound of a shower running. He goes to the shower curtain yanking it open and hears a loud shriek as he from memory sees Brianna naked under the water that looks shocked seeing him. Eric continues to remember as Claws enters the shower water appearing to not affect him to corner Brianna in the shower stall and kisses her on the lips followed by kneading her breasts with his clawed hands sensing their not that clawed enough to scratch her. He continues to remember what happened next was Claws lifted Brianna up with an arm around her seat and freed himself and proceeded to mate with her with her not resisting to that but seemingly seeing to enjoy the actions and spills himself inside her and senses some feeling come to him which he recalls knowing that she wouldn’t get what the female Highlander got after he mated with her from his senses telling him. He once done releases himself from her leaving her sliding down the floor crying tears as he covers himself then walks through the shower door mentally thinking of going back to the Surrai home place to sleep which the memory stops. 
Eric feels the headache stop straightens up his form to stare with shock running through him eyes at the Emperor who speaks in Basic that his real name is Takahiro Murakami but known publicity among his own people in Shonsurra as Akihito Takahashi like his family members are known by the Takahashi name instead of Murakami. 
He continues to stare at Takahiro he figures he’ll refer him who speaks that the Emperor with guards caught Claws raping a female family predecessor Mei Lin in the hallway along with her brother Takahiro which the ruler despite pleas from Takahiro refused to keep this situation a secret instead made it known which caused Takahiro’s family including descendants shame and suffering from others in high born positions making a mockery of them. A male predecessor descendant of the son Claws fathered had enough of the humiliation dropped the Murakami name and went with the name of Takahashi. Other family members took up and made it seem that the Murakami family line had ended with the death of a well known female member Megan a Human known by that last name due to her verbally protesting to the high born and Emperor to drop the mockery attitude towards her family. She was poisoned as a result and passed away and records of the Murakami family changed to show that she was the last of her family line and that people who knew who her other family members were assassinated to keep their silence. He doesn’t comment in response stares at Takahiro who continues that the secret was well kept even when he got paired with the Empress and hid it from her due to sensing she would out him and reveal his family identity. The secret was mysteriously found out and now the Empress won’t have anything to do with him or accept him as Emperor and has used his status as a former Hades title holder and now a blood drinking Highlander as excuse to deny him the Emperorship title along with their son the heir agreeing with her when he learned of it. 
He doesn’t comment in response notices a Zeskaya standing nearby with mask off the face seen and sees that Takahiro notices the Zeskaya who adds that he has several things to confess such as lying to people on how many children he fathered when the Empress actually birth twin sons, one a Highlander the heir and the other dubbed Akihito which is him standing and sees Takahiro point to the Zeskaya with a finger aimed at him. 
Eric looks at the Zeskaya to study him to notice that the male has similar looks to his own facial appearance but has some kind of Highlander look around the eyes despite having them golden like a Zeskaya which he hears a familiar voice speaking in a male tone that Takahiro he hears spoken should admit what else he did as well. He shifts towards Takahiro who has lowered his pointing finger to notice a Surrai next to him and stiffens from shock seeing that the Surrai is Kurpanov looking alive and well who has a glare on his face and feels shocked from that. 
He eyes Takahiro who speaks that he admits to being responsible for ordering the poisoning of several people such as Eric’s own son Eric Junior but that was on the word of a Felidae who visited him and insisted to him to do it due to saying that it was prophesied which the Felidae on mind scan was thinking of needing an excuse to have Eric Junior becoming Hades to change his form into this male legend called Nikolas and have Nikolas keep his Hades title once it was obvious that he was Nikolas reborn. 
Eric feels himself annoyed hearing that as Takahiro continues to talk that he admits that he was responsible for ordering the poisoning of Lia Victorian Kossman and offspring Drew but that was revenge against Eric for being Claws and what he did as that person to a predecessor of his and how that situation turned out in response. 
He feels himself getting angry hearing that as Takahiro continues that Lia’s mate’s mind was easily scanned and discovered that he was a descendant of Eric himself through a sibling but he passed away from a medical ailment that he had nothing to do with causing it and wasn’t able to do anything medically harmful to the male instead picked on Lia and her son in response. 
They have managed to avoid being poisoned for awhile till his son Akihito was full grown and proved to have some hidden state ability which was the hand that poisoned both Lia and her son with some poison that took awhile to take affect which later killed Lia but her son survived due to his younger age but is wheelchair bound. 
Eric feels his anger becomes full blown hears a growling sound from Kurpanov and finds his feet buried in the ground along with a headache hitting him that calms him down from his rage and he feels better but still has feet buried in the ground to bring a hand up finding himself gripping Akihito’s sword weapon aimed at him which the Zeskaya struggles to get his sword free finding his efforts meeting failure. 
Eric holds up a hand fisted and glares at Takahiro while feeling his mind scanned and mentally demands Takahiro using that name to what payment he should pay for that humiliation and won’t give up three things which is his Sun Lord title and duties, Niya’s life or his life as well for he’s adamant that he’s not giving those three up period. 
He lowers his fisted hand while glaring at Takahiro to hear Kurpanov speak in a firm tone telling Takahiro to call off his son from trying to kill Eric and scan Eric’s mind for the payment is there in his brother’s mind and he knows what it is and won’t say it period for Takahiro will have to find out for himself to get it. He glares at Takahiro who stares at Kurpanov with a frown on his face and sees the Surrai glaring back at the Highlander while gesturing his head towards him. 
He sees Takahiro look at him and speak in foreign language using the name Akihito included in a firm tone sounding like that to him and senses the Zeskaya’s struggles stop which he let goes of the sword only to duck as the Zeskaya appears from behind him swinging the sword and hears a growling sound from Kurpanov to hear grunting noises off his left which he sees that Akihito has tree limbed ropes around his body holding him in one spot while having sword out who snarls in some foreign language only to get cut off by Takahiro speaking the word Akihito in a firm tone. 
He eyes Takahiro who walks up to him removing a glove from his hand and doesn’t protest to the Highlander putting the hand on his cheek and staring at him in the eyes sensing his mind scanned. 
Eric sees in his mind a memory of himself asking his guard through sign language with Niya there about the Sun Lord title and duties which he continues to recall the guard’s story entirely including what the Sun Lord’s duties is and mentally speaks while getting an idea that he should flaunt his Sun Lord position to the Empress to accept Takahiro as her mate and Emperor or face being removed from position with another put in her place that isn’t her own offspring as a result. 
He hears nothing from Takahiro from response continues to feel his mind scanned then sees the entire memory of Claws himself attacking Takahiro’s male predecessor and feeling a headache from the male appearing to be scanning his mind before knocked out with the headache gone then coming back to see what the male was really doing to him to feel angry enough to attack the male and rape the male’s sister then once done knocks aside the male who attacks him onto the floor and sees a baby which he speaks that its not his problem then leaves going to Brianna recalling what he did to her in a shower stall then leaving her crying tears thinking of going to the Surrai land to sleep. 
Eric feels like he has an enough of having his mind scanned reaches out a hand towards Takahiro’s hand only to feel something ropey wrapped around his wrist pulling it down and holding it in place as another rope wraps around his other wrist holding his arms down which he jerks his head from the Highlander’s hand hold only to find that the male isn’t letting the head jerking release his hand hold from touching him which he continues to feel his mind still scanned mentally speaks that he has an enough and wants it to end period only to hear a male voice sounding like Tank to keep on scanning due to that the mind scan is part of the payment Kurpanov hinted about which he continues to move his head despite Takahiro keeping a hand on his cheek and shuts his eyes grimacing as he sees a hallway in his mind with doors half are open but half are shut and sees Takahiro walking down the hallway heading towards a door which he sees has writings on it that he recognizes is Oceanan language for the words he should know and stiffens seeing the door. 
He snarls mentally to Takahiro not to open the door for he doesn’t want to know what it contains and doesn’t want to suffer from the memories it has only to get his thoughts drown out by Tank’s voice sounding very loudly to Takahiro to open the door and Eric will remember what he’s supposed to remember including he’s sure that the memories will bother Eric to suffering from them sees Takahiro open the door sliding it open then a familiar figure walks out he recognizes as Claws that stands staring at Takahiro to grab the Highlander by the throat with a hand which Takahiro with hands bare places hands on Claws’ cheeks and sees Claws jerk his head up with a pained expression on his face still gripping the Highlander by the neck. 
He continues to watch as Claws gives out an inhuman cry like sound and bursts into a ball of lightening that takes off down the hallway zapping doors that are shut that slide open not sparing any closed doors and sees Takahiro fade from view along with the hallway gone and feels the Highlander’s hand off his cheek but feels a headache hitting him as memories of his life as Claws comes spilling into his mind showing everything including what he remembered in the past as well which he opens his mouth to scream and nothing comes out due to that he doesn’t have a talking ability and continues to keep his mouth open making screaming motions with it but isn’t making any sounds along with jerking his head up with eyes shut grimacing from the onslaught of memories pouring into his mind. 
He feels his knees weak crumbles to the ground feeling his feet freed from being buried along with his wrists which he fists his hands and feels his form shaking while slides to the ground and curls into a ball putting hands on his face as the memories continue to roll into his mind. He mentally chants Niya’s name over and over without realizing it to feel the ground stop becoming soft become hard along with hands grabbing him along with forcing him up to lean against a female form he recognizes as Niya from the charges of pleasure hitting him stops his chanting to feel tears rolling down his eyes allow the tears to flow hard from his eyes as Niya hugs him followed by moving him to place hands on his cheeks and kissing him on the lips several kisses followed by him responding to her kissing by moving his lips to kiss her back making it lengthy and continues to kiss her which he places his arms around Niya holding her as tight as he could against him while continuing to kiss her on the lips as he continues to feel himself getting comforted by the kissing. 
He feels multiple hands touching his head and back and senses that some of them are gloved and are various species along with sensing that their doing the same to Niya while hearing noises of people chattering all around him which he eavesdropped while kissing Niya sounding in Americanian that the rumor isn’t kidding about the Sun Lord seeing his mate the Mistress very valuable worth keeping alive and that he really treasures her judging by the way he’s treating her as she’s comforting him from appearing in some light show looking like he was hurt with some medical ailment and then the Mistress came into sight running towards him to lift him up and hold him which he accepted her touch along with accepting her giving him lip affection which he responded by putting hands his arms around her hugging her in response along with appearing to be responding to her lip him by lip her back. 
He realizes as he hears familiar noises along with the chatter that he’s outside in the city of Atlanta with Niya kissing and feels the hands on him are gently on him in slow rubbing motions and not threatening to him just seemingly trying to comfort him in his pain as Niya is doing the same with her kissing him. He hears an mm from Niya and breaks off the kiss opening his eyes to stare at her in the eyes seeing affection in them smiles at her not baring his teeth and sees her doing the same followed by silence all around him and hands off of him. He stares at Niya who stands up which he follows her example and takes her hand seeing he’s outside the Sun Lord’s building from the looks of it with a crowd gathered around to hear a Drainer roaring sound sees the crowd look behind them that are facing him and sees a Drainer make a feet wiping move followed by charging through the crowd getting out of his way heading towards him which he let goes of Niya’s hand to step in front of her baring his teeth in some glare on his face and has a hand on Niya’s arm from behind him while sensing that the Drainer has overheard the crowd’s words and is reacting negatively towards that. 
He glares at the Drainer that halts inches away throwing a fist aimed at his face which he uses his free hand to grab the Drainer’s wrist and twists the arm in some grip move from combative art training and see the Drainer grimace from mouth seen and bent down on one knee waving the other arm while giving off groaning sounds loudly. 
He gets the Drainer to kneel releases his hold onto the Drainer’s wrist who grips it with a free hand and grabs the Drainer by the neck by a free hand and with great strength tosses the Drainer up into the air towards the crowd gathered around who scatter and he sees the Drainer do an acrobatic move to land on his feet before turning around pointing a finger at him and speaking loudly in Americanian that the Sun Lord better have an excuse for not using talking ability to keep him from attacking him. 
Eric releases his hold on Niya’s arm behind him and signs moving his hands to the Drainer translating his words loudly that he has for a long time a medical condition that affects his talking ability and can no longer speak verbalizing his words but can use hand language instead along with having mind walkers scanning his mind and hears gasps from the crowd among him. His senses tell him that Highlanders are still secretive about being mind walkers and have yet to admit it to the other races feels Niya’s hand on his shoulder and gets from the Drainer speaking that wouldn’t that medical condition involve why he’s wearing medical breathing tubes in his nose in some questioning tone which he signs with Drainer translating that the breathing tubes are why he’s unable to talk due to suffering from some annoying medical condition that also involves making him blind which would come and go without warning and nothing could stop it despite various medicine tried and he’s tired of medicine due to one of them left a side effect of making him forget things which he doesn’t want to take medicine again. 
He continues to sign Drainer translating that he doesn’t mind the medical breathing tubes helping him with the medical condition and has tolerated not able to talk and is fine with it for a price tag of keeping the annoying medical condition away from him. 
He stops signing to stare at the Drainer who opens his mouth and hears a familiar siren sound sees crowd scatter with Drainer among them and gets pulled by hand into the Sun Lord’s building entrance which inside he feels relief hitting him exhales a breath from that and doesn’t protest to Niya pulling him into the elevator to go inside and sees guards there which he feels hands on his arms from them gently giving squeezes which he doesn’t protest to that as they release their holds on him. He continues to hold Niya’s hand feels the elevator go up and then stop which he walks out into the hallway going to his quarters to sit on the couch with Niya on his lap who speaks a where were we comment before putting hands on his cheeks and kissing him on the lips which he wraps arms around her and kisses her back feeling himself happy having to do that. He kisses Niya seemingly lengthy along with breaking it off to smile at her as she smiles at him in response then resumes kissing her which he gets interrupted by guard speaking your majesty loudly which he breaks off the kiss to glare at the guard standing nearby that speaks that there was an assassination attempt done on Nikolas who survived it but according to recorders recording the scene Nikolas took out not only the assassinators targeting him but his mate and his offspring in the process to survive and that the hospital confirmed the son’s death was identical to the assassinators by scans of his body just prior to deposing it along with the assassinators as well. 
He feels annoyed hearing that continues to glare at the guard who makes a gulping motion with the throat and speaks that Nikolas has called for a meeting in the stadium despite no event scheduled for it despite Americania still hosting the Terrania Unity Games at the moment. 
He continues to glare at the guard who adds that he and others will let his majesty know when to leave for the meeting and then senses his mind scanned as the guard stops talking which he speaks mentally a fine comment and that he knows Nikolas wouldn’t call the meeting if it wasn’t that important for all Terranians to hear it. He looks away to sense his mind stopped scanned to stare at Niya who kisses him on the lips which he kisses back and exhales a breath when she breaks off the kiss to rub hands all over his face which he opens his eyes to stare at her sensing something else is going on within Niya judging by the look in her eyes and face showing a peculiar expression which he continues to stare at her back with his eyes frowning inwardly as she stops touching his face and hugs him which he keeps his arms holds around her and leans his chin against her head hearing her sigh from that which he doesn’t make any movement to change position continues to hold her seemingly lengthy and then hears a guard’s voice saying that its time for the Sun Lord to leave to the stadium which he gets up after Niya gets up. 
He yanks on his hooded mask and feels her hand on his left arm gripping it which he walks out following guard to the garage room to a vehicle and it gets them to the stadium which inside he walks to the dais where the golden throne chair is and sees the rulers are there who appear to look nervous whenever they catch him looking at them. He stands near the golden chair with Niya having a hand on his arm and waits as Nikolas as Hades mask still on his face arrives into the stadium alone and speaks into the microphone in Americanian language words translated in Basic by a Drainer that he has taken a stand against island nations’ rulers who have been for cycles attempting to assassinate people who held the Presidential title and continues to listen to Nikolas sounding like he’s angry and ranting about assassination attempts were done to dissolve the Americanian nation so that island rulers and their people could fight wars on Americanian soil instead of doing it on their own territory and that they did that cycles ago till an Americanian native a Highlander named Liu Jiang got fed up with the fighting and rallied the Americanians together to kick out the island nations’ armies and united them by becoming their ruler. 
He continues to listen to Nikolas rant that he was a target of assassination attempts and that he sacrifice his mate and son in the process of a recent assassination attempt to take out the assassinators so that Americania could still have a President to lead them and expects Americanians to sacrifice their lives keeping him alive for that he’s important for its important for Americania to have a president. 
He continues to listen frowning as Nikolas continues to talk sounding angrier that he’s not going down without a big fight and expects Americanians’ help with surviving assassination attempts. 
He frowns hearing that as Nikolas continues to talk mentioning that he’s fed up with the island nations’ war attitude and that they should be using words for verbalizing their anger towards each other despite seeing each other as enemies and uses the Americanian gymnastics team as an example of words working to keep warring factions in peace by the nation being undefeated in team competitions regardless of who competes on the team for that nation which he hears gasps from the crowd reacting to Nikolas’s talk and continues to hear from Nikolas that war isn’t the answer and isn’t pleased that people haven’t bothered to get it that war attitude isn’t the way to go but talking along with that they should use Americania as a place of peace to verbalize through talking their grievances towards each other and isn’t kidding about it either. 
Eric hears from Tank sounding in his mind as Nikolas pauses from talking that he as Sun Lord has to back up Nikolas’s words to show support towards Nikolas insisting on peace as a solution instead of war and be belligerent on that due to that the Terranians are more afraid of him than they are towards Nikolas himself and will know that Nikolas means it with his words due to the Sun Lord backing him up by publicity supporting him. 
He hears nothing more from Tank as the headache stops to hear Niya’s voice whispering to him that she’ll translate his words he signs to her in Americanian just to show that he’s really saying them and that someone won’t be tempted to twist his words if he spoke them through someone else. He hears Nikolas yell very loudly that he means it with his words and it’s not funny and isn’t kidding. He walks up to Nikolas to tap him on the arm who looks at him which he signs that he wants to say something and that his mate will translate his signing for him. He gets Nikolas looking away speaking into the microphone that the Sun Lord is commenting on this through hand language spoken through his mate and steps backwards with arms folded to pause standing next to the golden chair which he walks up and steps near the microphone with Niya standing in front of it nodding her head a short bob. He raises his hands and hears Niya speaking as he signs his words using the word Says at the beginning of the signing talk recalling Takahiro’s words through his mind that President Nikolas is correct on using words for solving angry problems against another seen as an enemy. 
He hears nothing from the crowd continues to sign that he admits it that he was Claws a former Surrai and recently remembers every single thing that Surrai did to people and including one incident that one of the descendants of Claws’ victims confronted him on by verbalizing words of anger towards him instead of using a fighting war attitude towards him in response to that incident Claws did. 
He continues to talk that he worked things out with the descendant of a Claws victim by the way the descendant treated him as in verbalizing anger towards him for that incident that happened to own family and what were the repercussions that resulted after the incident was finished which the descendant told him off using words to express anger towards him for what he did as Claws. He continues to sign that people regardless of who they are or nationally or race should use that example he’s giving to verbalize their anger towards another instead of using violence in response. He continues to sign saying island nations’ rulers should be using Americania as neutral territory to gather and meet for a talk to verbalize anger towards those they view as enemies with their enemies meeting them to verbalize their similar attitudes as well and that Americania is neutral in their conflicts and able for them to meet in peace to talk to each other on this angry enemy attitude they have towards each other period. 
He finishes his talk by walking towards Niya who steps away from the microphone and stands with Nikolas speaking into the microphone still sounding angry on who wants to comment on this and speak it now or hold their peace. He hears a groan from Niya as he feels pain in his chest in the right side along with a sleepiness feeling falls to the ground collapsing unconscious. 

Eric comes to waking up finding himself in bed stripped of his uniform and clothes along with familiar gloves on his hands and that its daylight by the shade glowing and feels something like a bandage over his right side of his chest along with a naked female form he recognizes as Niya lying on top of him with some kind of bandage felt on her shoulder over the right side and feels confused to as to who would shoot the both of them by gun weapon due to the bandages’ familiarity on him and her felt. He feels himself angry that someone shot them in response to them agreeing to Nikolas’s talk of peace feels his angry mood going away by Niya having a hand gripping his sensitive part which he exhales air from that as Niya wakes up looking at him in the face with her eyes golden. He stares at her feeling himself getting the desire to mate from her hand on his sensitive part as she sits up straddling him while showing some wild look in her eyes despite them golden. He eyes her and licks his lips then clamps his mouth shut forcing him to nose breathe as Niya plays with his sensitive part feeling himself become more sexually active from her hand touch. He eyes Niya’s breasts to put hands on them fondling with the nipples as she continues to rub his sensitive part while staring at him in the eyes. 
He feels his restraint to the desire nearly going away puts hands on her hips and feels himself getting relief from it as she puts hands on his shoulders and he feels himself entering her and she rocks him with his hands on her hips. He feels himself spill inside her shakes from the pleasure feeling then gets kissed on the lips by Niya which he kisses back putting hands on her back hugging her. Eric shivers from her breaking off the kiss to see her show brown eyes staring at him with a glare in them which he frowns as she speaks that someone identified as a Ranian not really their Ambassador but identified as an imposter posing as the person had a hand gun hidden on their person and fired it at the both of them knocking him out but she wasn’t knocked out only to hear Nikolas yell into the microphone telling whoever shot the Sun Lord and Mistress with a gun weapon to step forwards or else which the Ranian in response tried to shoot Nikolas discreetly. She caught the male about to do that yelled at him which the Ranian in response aimed the gun at her only to see the male get attacked by Shonsurra’s Emperor using some combative art moves from the looks of it to get the Ranian out of line and dropping the gun along with twisting the shooter’s arm behind his back restraining him in place in some kneeling position and that the Emperor loudly said with a Felidae sticking a microphone in his face that he agrees with President Nikolas on what he said along with admitting that he’s the one who the Sun Lord was referring to as in descendant of a victim of Claws. He verbalized his angry grievances towards the Sun Lord for being Claws the Surrai and what happened to his family predecessor including the results of the incident without really saying what it is and that the Sun Lord isn’t kidding on what he said for he told him off using words which got Oceana’s Emperor to speak on the microphone words aimed at Shadan’s High Lord accusing the Shadonia of blaming Oceana for some forced isolation incident and retaliating against them with an insult of stealing the body of an Oceanan Empress who passed away in Americania and using the excuse of the Empress being mate of the Shadonia’s High Lord back then. He frowns as she continues that High Lord talked back saying that the blaming was on the word of a foreign Human child using the name of Natalia Borsova who was said to get off a plane that was hit from something that crashed into the water and she was put in a life raft which floated away from the survivors in the water and she is said to witness seeing some kind of underwater vessel come out from the ocean with an Oceanan symbol on it and Aquarians holding guns pointed at the survivors. The boat she was on took her out of sight and got washed ashore on Shadan and that Natalia was surgically implanted with some tracking device by Shadan’s medics which the device tracked her movements along with confirmation that she was really a family member of Oceana’s Emperor by his own daughter doing it to her at a sporting event due to rumor going around that she had a facial appearance twin to Emperor himself and that the Emperor was according to rumor furious with that and wanted her assassinated which his own daughter prevented by acknowledging Natalia as offspring. 
He continues to listen as Niya keeps talking that Oceana’s Emperor asked the High Lord about the insult of the body thievery of the Empress by a High Lord back then and got told that the High Lord back then refused to back down from claims to his own people and others that the Empress was really his mate and mother of his offspring a male Shadonian so medics preserved the body of her and started working on ways to prove his claim medically which they invented some kind of test to prove who’s related to who as family member and they tested it on a great number of natives without saying anything about it as the actual reason and found the invention worked which they did it to the High Lord and the Empress’s body and his son to find that according to their tests he wasn’t kidding about the claim. He frowns as Niya continues that the High Lord then confessed that the Shadan’s medics heard about the assassination of Americania’s president Liu Jiang back then secretly shared the medical invention with Americanian medics who tried it on an orphaned female Kenibian rumored to be favored by Jiang himself which tests indicated her as a family member possibly offspring but no one has bothered to come forwards to admitting the parent offspring connection which the confirmation is still unsaid at the moment. He frowns inwardly as Niya continues to talk that the hospital found something odd related to him as a Legendian that indicated his beater organ was on the wrong side inside his chest for him being a Legendian according to their records and that the organ was on the same side as the Human species and she’s heard from the medics that the Human species are the only manoids who have their beater organs on that side inside their chests while other known manoids regardless of species have beater organs on other side in their chests. He frowns hearing that as Niya continues to talk that the hospital have refused to say where the Sun Lord was shot by the Ranian shooter or say anything related to her either due to saying that they don’t have permission from the Sun Lord himself to say anything on where he was shot or where herself was shot as well. He frowns forming it on his lips as Niya strokes his cheek with a hand and continues to talk that the hospital did admit to the public that they found evidence of Eric being born before world Terrania was formed and that the evidence proved that the Humans were the race that lived back then as the oldest of all manoid species and that they refused to announce what the evidence was instead told her it was related to his beater organ being in the wrong spot in his chest and that the reason for not announcing that as evidence was someone would try to target the Sun Lord to harm his beater organ and cause damage they couldn’t fix and that the damage might be fatal enough to stop his body from functioning due to seeing cases of that happening to other manoids who’s beater organs ceased functions from damage hitting it and the other manoids’ bodies stopped function ending their lives as a result. He frowns to place a hand on Niya’s hand stroking his cheek while having his other hand on her back as he feels her free hand on his chest where its not bandaged and sees a zone out look on her face which he frowns to feel her hand on his chest pressing into his body’s skin and figures that she’s feeling the vibrations of his beater organ thumping inside him and continues to stare at Niya who shakes her head and stops the zoned out look before giving him a look of affection in her eyes which he smiles in response keeping his mouth shut and strokes her hand on his cheek. He gets from Niya that the Ranian shooter was arrested and brought to the Sun Lord’s headquarters where Sun Lord’s guards Highlanders scanned the shooter deeply for motivation for the shooting and discovered that it was related to the Sun Lord confessing to being Claws and that the shooter was a descendant of a family member that was targeted by Claws causing the family member to be wheelchair bound and that the bound status cause the family member to be kicked out of a high ranking Rania government position along with humiliated in the process which the story of Claws torturing the family member was passed down and that the Ranian when he shot the Sun Lord and herself wasn’t really thinking smartly when he did it due to that he wasn’t paying attention to Nikolas’ talk very hardly instead thinking of something of being bored and didn’t want to be there as the Ambassador’s representative despite being labeled as an imposter by another representative of Rania and that she once out of the hospital and told of the situation related to the Ranian insisted to the guards to talk to the shooter herself and from memories of having a pair of Ranians as one of her caretakers used the teaching of the Ranians onto the shooter which is traditionally yelling a nonsense sound when angry at Ranians like they normally do to other Ranians and shutting up to let the Ranian speak who confessed what the guards said to her about Claws which she responded by yelling again and got the Ranian to give out more confessions related to what the guards also told her what she’s telling Eric himself about. He frowns in response as Niya continues to talk that it took several yelling nonsense sounds at the Ranian to verbalize everything to her including that he’s nervous as to what the Sun Lord would do to him to punish him for not listening to Nikolas’s talk and shooting him and the Mistress due to anger at the Sun Lord admitting to being Claws which she continued her yelling and got from the Ranian that the fear is from some story of the Sun Lord said to physically defeating a male Kenibian in some physical battle along with the Sun Lord reportedly said to be demonstrating a very strong strength ability to lift up a very heavy set male Kenibian by grabbing an article of clothing on the Kenibian with both hands to dangle the Kenibian’s feet and some rumored story of the Sun Lord doing that lifting with various hand holds to Kenibian males no matter how heavy set they are and that the Kenibian males when lifted have been observed to be helpless to the Sun Lord having them dangling up and not able to do anything about it. He frowns to recall what Niya is talking about related to the Kenibians in his mind as Niya pauses from talking to kiss him on the lips which he kisses back in response and feels regret from her breaking it off which she continues to speak that she knows that Ranians like Kenibians have some kind of yelling sound ability to knock out people if they scream the sound and knows that the Ranian would scream the sound if he sees the Sun Lord due to the guards said he was too scared to face the Sun Lord in person and very afraid of the Sun Lord himself enough to panic and would scream knocking out Eric in the process due to that she asked the hospital to test him on sound ability reactions and told her the results of the tests which indicate that Eric has some sensitivity to the sound by the Ranians and Kenibians which would once he hears of it would easily knock him out unconscious and that he can’t confront the Ranian shooter unless the male has his mouth forced shut by something to prevent him from talking or screaming out the sound due to some ingrained fear towards him.  He doesn’t sign anything as Niya stops talking which he hears a door opening sound peers at the door to see a guard who tells him that its morning and that they should be up and awake due to the doctor said that they need to take in nourishment as part of their healing. He doesn’t comment in response as he hears Niya speaking talking to the guard that they’ll be out soon which the guard shuts the door and he stares at Niya who sits up removing her hands and shivers from her withdrawing him from inside her as she gets off of him and off the bed. He exhales a breath to get up from the bed and exchanges gloves for his usual clothes and boots which he notices that the bandages on his foot and leg are gone but sees some round circle scar marking in the area. He recalls himself scratched on the cheek puts a bare hand on the area before putting the arm through the jacket sleeve to feel something like faint scar lines of the scratches on the area and figures that its elsewhere on his body from Kick scratching him which he puts on his jacket and walks out of the bedroom to go to the table to sit eating and drinking and senses something odd with the drink while gulping it down that tastes familiar and feels confused with the familiarity and once done hears from a guard mentally that he should be in the bathroom due to that they got a confession from a captured traitorous guard who admitted to slipping some kind of poison into the Sun Lord’s drink and food the last time he ate and drank which the hospital found and created an antidote through his nourishment and said that his body would after taking in the nourishment would expel it but didn’t say which end they indicated which he feels a sick feeling hitting him gets up and darts into his bedroom heading towards the bathroom while yanking off his jacket leaving it piled on the floor and slams the door very hard once inside. 

Eric done with the bathroom walks out feeling himself much better and goes to his jacket to pick it up and put it on. He leaves the bedroom to pause in the doorway seeing Niya sitting at the dining table with hands clasped in front of her chin on them and has tears flowing from her eyes while looking sad which he frowns wondering what got her upset to hear from the guard mentally that nourishment without medicine is on the table for him to take in and insists to him to eat and drink period which he goes to the table to sit and gobbles up the food feeling himself needing it. He takes his time with the drink finding it in an orange color which he drinks feeling himself liking it and after a few sips gulps it down then places the cup onto the table and stares at Niya with a frown on his face feeling confused about something. He eyes her who shakes her head to stare at him while opening her mouth as if saying something then watches her get up darting into the bedroom slamming the door and hears from the guard mentally that he saw something in the Mistress’s mind when he scanned her that got her upset and that the Sun Lord should confront her on it and be belligerent on it and she’ll admit what’s bothering her period without hesitation. Eric gets up and goes to the bedroom door yanking it open to see Niya lying on the bed on her stomach head on her arms and she’s sobbing loudly which he enters the room shutting the door with a slam to hear a loud gasp from her followed by her looking in his direction with some sad look on her face before getting up from the bed appearing to be darting towards the bathroom which he darts after her and finds himself fast enough to grab her hair from behind just as she reaches the door yanking her back while hearing a gasp sound along with protests to let go of her in a panic voice tone. Eric twists Niya’s form around to have her front facing him and grips her in a tight hug arms on her back and continues to hold her as she struggles in his hug hold thumping fists onto him while screaming at him to let go of her. He continues to hold Niya refusing to back down from her hitting him and refrains from reacting as she digs her nails into his cheeks feeling them not really scratching at all judging by the shortness of them and stares at her in the face as she continues to claw his face along with hitting him there while screaming to let go of her in some panic voice tone. Eric feels he has an enough of this behavior maneuvers the both of them to the bed pushing her backwards to land onto it and lands his form on top of her keeping her pinned to the bed as she continues to hit him while screaming to let go of her still in a panicky voice tone. He feels himself getting angry with Niya grabs her wrists with both hands and joins them together into one hand grip and puts a hand on her throat gently squeezing every time she talks and forms a glare on his face while baring his teeth staring at Niya’s face eyes aiming at her eyes who halts her talking to gasp while staring at him sensing she’s stopped fighting him. He keeps the expression on his face releases his hold on her neck and signs the word talk in her eyes sight and puts the hand besides her to have fingers digging into her side. Eric continues to glare at her as she blurts that she was the one who told a guard to poison him which he stiffens hearing but keeps his himself onto her along with his hand holds intact and his expression the same with eyes narrowing hearing her confession. He hears her add that the lip scene outside in public with her comforting him was by compulsion feelings to do it and not by her own choice which she’s not sure what Highlander pulled that compulsion order onto her due to feeling her mind scanned and hearing a male voice in her mind ordering her to do the lip scene and that she saw male Highlanders were scattered nearby including several guards hanging around and hasn’t pinpointed the one responsible for that order and that the guards have refused to say who pulled that stunt when ordered and that they scanned her mind in response and that she’s sure the memory of herself ordering a guard to poison Eric she names was seen which she saw a guard dart out of the room and told by another guard that the Sun Lord will have her head for that stunt which she figured out it was related to the ordering of poisoning him. Eric feels himself angry hearing that places his free hand on her neck gently squeezing while feeling her squirm underneath him with some panicky look on her face which he leans down and holds her trapped wrists forcing one of her hands to touch him on the face and kisses her on the lips feeling her trying to resist to that by trying to move her head away from him which he breaks off the kiss to gag her feeling her gasping for breath. Eric feels himself angry with her confession gags Niya harder gets a headache to shut his eyes grimacing while getting an image of a familiar female in his mind with long black hair and wearing a blue dress that seems familiar speaking in a familiar voice tone that she gave him something he wanted after she passed away from knowing him too well that he would suffer from grief of her death and wouldn’t have an excuse to live stiffens as memories of the female comes to his mind identifying her as Brianna his mate before he was joined with Niya as the image of the talking female fades from his mind which he releases his hold onto Niya’s throat to hear her gasp for air and places his hand on the bed jerking from memories of himself reacting to Brianna’s death and his slow acceptance towards Niya who was paired to him and his reaction of finally accepting Niya as his mate just to have Brianna move on to join the others who were passed away as well. He let goes of Niya’s wrists placing his free hand onto the bed next to her and keeps himself on top of her feeling his anger gone from him along with the headache jerks open his eyes to stare at Niya in the eyes seeing some fearful look in them along with sensing she’s nervous. He stares at Niya in the eyes recalling her confessing to getting memories of Georgina Visser in her mind along with a Zeskaya named Dictator saying that her appearance was twin to that female and figures from the poisoning stunt that she’s thinking like Georgina instead of Niya and seeing she’s still afraid and holds up a hand in her eyes sight seeing her eyes focus on it to fingerspell the name of Georgina along with making it a question and pointing the finger aimed at her while hearing her gasp in response which his hunch proves correct. He places the hand back onto the bed and keeps his eyes staring at her in the eyes showing fear in them and senses she’s still afraid by feeling her shake a bit while underneath him along with feeling pressure of her hands on the sides of his head to feel her hands grip his hair and forces himself to not react to her hands’ movements of pulling his hair very hard repeatedly as she speaks loudly ordering him to get off of her period. He shakes his head in a Human style no gesture as she continues to pull his hair while ordering him to get off. Eric forces himself to not react as her hair pulling turn into fists hitting him on the head as while having panic on her face along with her still insisting on getting off of her. He keeps his eyes onto Niya’s face who hits him repeatedly and begins screaming ordering him to get off of her period which he hears a roaring sound sounding familiar and finds hands grabbing him by the shoulders yanking him off of her and thrust away and dropped which he lands onto the floor and uses a combative art move to get up seeing that the hands’ owner is Hades but isn’t sure if he’s still Nikolas underneath the suit to see Niya clung herself to Hades calling him Nikolas and that she can’t get rid of Eric she names for the both of them to be together only to get interrupted by Hades speaking the name of Georgina in a firm tone in Nikolas’s voice along with removing her hold from him. Eric glares at Hades sensing that he’s Nikolas to see the warrior hold Niya’s hands in front of her with both hands and watches him lean forwards appearing to be whispering in her ear something he can’t hear what’s Nikolas saying to her but eyes Niya to see her reaction which is more tears falling from her eyes along with the panic look stopping and notices that she’s beginning to look angry. He continues to watch her as Nikolas stops his whispering to release her hands followed by Niya attacking the warrior with her hands fisted calling him a son of a bitch and a bastard and saying that she knew it for she kept getting that female speaking to her in her mind in some angry voice tone speaking in a threatening tone that she won’t have Nikolas she names whenever she needed him for she’ll see to it and kept getting that when Nikolas did the mating ritual that created their offspring and figures out that it explains why Merra has balked getting Nikolas back to her regardless he was Hades or not despite her repeated pleading to her due to that female is Raisa daughter of Merra herself and it explains everything such as what happened to her father Yevgeny Visser who wound up as a prisoner of Merra and as food for whoever held the Hades title to feed off of due to that her father encouraged her to pursue Nikolas after she confessed to him about dreaming of Nikolas talking to her and it explains why a Highlander Shuen Jiang, Eric stiffens at the name is always found in her bedroom staring at her whenever she woke up from sleeping due to that the Highlander agreed to the pairing match and manipulated things including her to accept Nikolas. He hears nothing from Nikolas as Niya continues to rant that she was paired with another male by senses cuing her to pair herself to him and him doing the same to her and that they were doing the beginning stages of a mating ritual when the Emperor interrupted them and forced her to mate with Nikolas which she protest to that and the ruler didn’t listen to her protests instead threatened to harm other Humans if she didn’t go through with it which she had no choice but to do it and that the Emperor wound up assassinated as a price tag for that stunt and her original mate wound up raping a female right in front of other slaves when it was obvious she was carrying and that the slave masters didn’t do anything to stop the raping at all allowed the male to do it. Eric continues to hear Niya rant that it explains everything and that Nikolas she names is a sick bastard to pull this stunt onto her just to have her as his mate due to sensing and in denial about that it was her appearance that caused Nikolas to court her to get them both together and she’s furious with the manipulating which he watches her stop hitting him and yells that he’s dead to her and wants him out of her sight period and away from her and doesn’t want anything to do with him anymore period for the stunt he pulled on her is not acceptable and she’s furious with him and his confession which he sees Nikolas disappear in a flash of light. Eric stares at Niya who collapses onto her knees putting hands onto her face and hears her crying nonsense sounds while sounding like she’s weeping which he walks up to her to stand in front of her kneeling form and feels himself compelled to leave the room feels annoyed with that but obeys to the compulsion to leave the room shutting the door behind him to see Nikolas is in the living room with arms folded which he walks up to him. Eric eyes Nikolas who speaks sounding firm that he’s counting on Eric he names to protect Georgina he refers to Niya from harm and doing what it takes to keep her alive and keep her as his mate due to knowing from memories of Eric Junior he names being told about his father having a mate that passed away before being paired to his mother and reaction to both the death and pairing which he senses from Eric Junior’s memories that he doesn’t want his father to go through another mate’s death and that Niya he names is reason why Eric won’t be abusive with his Sun Lord position as feared by the Terranians due to sensing it from them whenever they see Eric himself in their presence.  He continues to stare at Nikolas who keeps talking that he was told a rumor among the natives of the city by his own guards saying that the Mistress was reason why the Sun Lord wouldn’t be abusive with his position due to that the Mistress was said to sympathized with the Terranians and their feelings towards rulers who are abusive with their leadership position and she’s said to do what it takes to keep the Sun Lord from being abusive which she’s said to admit this feeling to the Sun Lord himself and his reaction to that talk was to accept it by giving affection towards her in response and appeared to the public to value her very strongly which proves that he would only be abusive with his position if anything medically happens to the Mistress regardless of what condition it is. He doesn’t comment in response keeps his hands on his sides while staring at Nikolas who adds that word out on the street that the shooter who shot the Sun Lord proved that the Sun Lord has a weakness as in being taken down by projectile gun weapons due to him seen collapsing onto the ground after being shot and appearing to be knocked out unconscious which he’s warning Eric that people would get ideas from that rumor to physically do something harmful to the Sun Lord himself if they think he’s abusive with his position with the Mistress not doing anything about it despite having no medical condition to give him an excuse to be like that. He exhales a breath through his mouth as Nikolas adds that he’s warning Eric of what he heard as rumored and to keep that rumor in mind period when doing his job as Sun Lord, Terrania’s planetary ruler. He doesn’t sign a comment only gives a head bob as Nikolas pauses then disappears in a flash of light which he rubs a hand on his forehead and figures that he’ll go to Niya turns around lowering his hand to find her standing in the doorway of the bedroom and sees by the glare expression on her face that she’s heard everything Nikolas said to him which he stares at her with a frown to see Niya march up to him and doesn’t react to her slap on his cheek followed by her hands on his cheeks and she’s kissing him on the lips which he forces himself to place hands on her back and kisses her in response followed by her breaking it off to put her arms around him and head on his shoulder. He leans his chin on Niya’s head feeling himself quite happy having Niya as his mate and in his arms tightens his grip around her keeping her in a hug to hear her sigh loudly from that. Eric rubs his chin on her head to hear Niya speaking his name in some pleasant tone of voice and continues to speak that he cares about her judging by how he reacted to her hitting and lipped her too when she did the lip to him after the hitting. He recalls the memory of Brianna’s death and his reaction to her passing fully in his mind along with a conversation of Brianna telling him to oath to her that he would move on after her death and find someone to be his mate which he realizes with shock that Brianna gave him a gift of having a purpose to live after her death which was both Niya and the Sun Lord titled position. He continues to recall hearing from Merra that Legendians were treated inappropriately that ended their species and realizes that the Sun Lord titled position is protecting him keeping him alive from the inappropriate behavior towards Legendians despite being a Legendian himself and recalls a conversation with a guard talking about the Sun Lord’s history to realize that Merra knew that Brianna was dying and knew of the treatment towards Legendians manipulated people to give him the Sun Lord titled position once he was free of the water ship and Brianna’s passing away. He frowns to realize that Brianna sacrifice her life to keep him from suffering Han’s Syndrome by having him mate with Niya while she was still alive that created his son which resulted in Brianna passing away soon after that. He continues to realize that someone got Tikcanni to drop his anger towards him to verbalize it in his presence so that he would accept a Highlander getting him out of the water ship just prior to it sailing away to sea and getting underwater to free the trapped in some cave Zeskaya species. He exhales a breath through his mouth to shut his eyes and continues to lean his chin on Niya’s head while tightening his hold around her to mentally say the words thank you Brianna and hears nothing in response but senses something touching his cheek with an image of Brianna flashing in his mind speaking that she’s always with him along with the touch gone and the image of her fading away from his mind which he feels himself accepting it along with accepting Niya as well by his arms still around her and feeling himself still interested in hugging her. He hears an excuse me comment along with your majesty very loudly feels annoyed hearing that to open his eyes and shifts his head off his left to glare at a guard who speaks that there’s a matter involving a Ranian that have from interrogated refused to be remorseful for the shooting. He feels Niya’s head off him followed by her hand on his chin pulling it towards her whom he eyes and she speaks that she’ll play sympathizer while he’ll play the interrogator position and that she knows that it’ll get the Ranian to talk what he wants to hear. He doesn’t comment in response to hear from the guard that the Ranian is in the brig and that his majesty will have to wear his mask due to that the area is known for leaking water which he obeys putting on his mask as Niya removes her hand. He feels Niya’s hand on his arm as he follows the guard out of the quarters to the elevator taking it to the brig which he’s led to a doorway and sees the Ranian seated in a wheelchair with chains on arms and legs while having something that looks like a bandage covering his mouth that gives off a loud mm sound with fear in the eyes and them wide. Eric removes Niya’s hand to head towards the Ranian with hands fisted only to get repeatedly blocked by Niya getting into his way with hands on his chest which he glares at her to hear a screaming sound that continues which makes him step back looking around in a circle to see no one in his vicinity is making that odd screaming sound and realizes its Terrania making it kneels and sees the familiar water substance comes into view which he sees in his mind is a view of Terrania the planet via some machine he figures is what’s called a satellite to see it shift focused on something away from the planet which he watches as something comes into view revealing a warship that he knows isn’t Rakcaran from the looks of it but gives him a feeling with his senses blaring warning that something is wrong with that warship which orbits the planet. He mentally speaks that he’s Sun Lord ruler of the planet named Terrania and demands for the warship’s identification which he gets an image of nine figures in white all covered up seated in chairs in some large room with steps in front of them going down and hears a male voice sounding Highlander like speaking that their called High Council and requests permission to land which he stiffens as images flood his mind showing who the High Council really are along with their attitudes towards the Human species including planetary worlds that they seek to take control as its rulers recalls the weapons are only limited to planet’s boundary line mentally orders the weapons to be active by imaging a gun weapon to cock and senses that the planet’s weapons are active mentally speaks the word granted and see the ship enter the planet going passed the boundary line and getting in range of weapons mentally images a gun weapon firing to see in his mind fireballs hitting the warship all over halting its landing process which he roars mentally that he’s not giving up control of Terrania to the High Council or suffer their hatred influence towards the Human species and says they’ll be destroyed period watches in his mind as the warship bursts into a giant fireball that explodes and notices an object leaving from the warship’s vicinity towards off planet mentally gets the weapons to target it and sees the object destroyed by bursting into a fireball as well which he watches as the fireballs go away showing both the object and the warship are in pieces and senses the warship’s inhabitants are completely dead and bodies incinerated by the explosion watches as the pieces fall into the ocean shattering on impact after hitting the water which he hears the screaming stop orders weapons to stand down and then blinks his eyes to see the water substance is gone and feels a little tired but fine enough to stand which he turns to glare at the Ranian while hearing a Highlander speaking saying the Ranian’s thoughts that whether Terranians will admit it or not that they need the Sun Lord to protect Terrania from harm and that the Sun Lord is worth being kept alive while Terranians must die to keep him alive. He sees a determined look in the Ranian’s eyes gets hugged by Niya who speaks saying that the Ranian gets it what the Sun Lord’s point is that he wants Terranians to get. He doesn’t comment stares at Niya to feel one of her hands off of him and sees it sign to keep the Ranian alive to warn Terranians of this which he glares at a guard and mentally speaks with the guard verbalizing the words that he’ll spare the Ranian’s life for now and wants the Ranian to tell the Terranians his point of what he wants from Terranians and warns the Ranian that he has ears all over the place who are listening for him and that they’ll tell him what the Ranian is saying to Terranians involving him and the Ranian better not make him regret sparing his life. He gets from the guard scanning the Ranian’s mind that he gets it the point the Sun Lord wants from him which he walks out of the cell with Niya and in the hallway gets told of a crowd at the entrance of the headquarters who won’t be put off demanding to see the Sun Lord which he feels annoyed hearing mentally speaks to guard that he’ll go and see what they want which he hears from Niya that she’s coming along in an insisting tone which he doesn’t comment to that takes the elevator to the lobby and walks out to see the crowd gathered at the bottom of the steps that have fear looks in their eyes seeing him. He hears a gun shot sound to feel Niya in front of him leaning against him groaning which he grabs her and sees a Felidae step from the crowd holding a hand gun that fires it at him which he again hears Niya groan and become more limp while sensing she’s still alive but unconscious sees the Felidae point the gun down abruptly firing it and sees its because of a hand holding the male’s arm pointing it down and see the Felidae look off his right as he does to see a Highlander with a familiar look that makes him stiffen reminding him of Shuen Jiang that has a glare on his face who speaks in a loud tone calling the Felidae a fool and saying that destroying the Sun Lord would mean that Terrania will be destroyed causing the deaths of all Terranians and sees the Felidae drop the gun holding up his hands as guards come into view to grab the male and gun which he hears from a guard that they have to take Niya to the hospital due to that her injuries are too severe for the personal physician to heal up which he lifts up Niya and carries her inside to the garage room and gets into a car with two guards that go to the hospital and sees medics there with a stretcher waiting which he places Niya on top of the bed and watches them haul her away. He feels rage stares at the guard to mentally say that the hospital will take care of Niya while he handles punishing the shooter for that stunt and insists on doing it now which he gets into the car and sits with arms folded to feel it take off getting to his home building into the garage room and gets out only to be blocked by guards which one mentally orders him to calm down from his angry mood saying its not going to help him with torturing the Felidae which he obeys shutting his eyes to breathe slowly through his nose urged by the guard mentally telling him some breathing technique through nose breathing which he obeys to find himself calming down and feels himself calm but feels his mood isn’t good as he and guards go to the brig where the Felidae is standing in a corner wearing only shorts on his furry form and looks nervous seeing him. He folds his arms and walks towards the Felidae in a slow walk and once near the male unfolds his arms in a fast move along with charging to throw a fist only to hit a wall finding the Felidae has moved out of the way which he chases all around the cell till he has an enough to go to his guards and stands near them to point a finger at the Felidae making a shooting motion with the hand. He stands seeing the guard shoot at the Felidae which he notices moves around the cell staying away from him and notices that the guard is having trouble trying to get the male hit with a bullet till the gun gives off a click sound and gets told mentally that he’s out of ammo. He turns to glare at the Felidae which he looks at a guard to feel his mind scanned and mentally says words spoken by the guard calling the Felidae a coward for not accepting the punishment for the shooting and doing what it takes to avoid responsibility as in running away whenever he tries to inflict the punishment whether its by own fists or by projectile weapon. He looks away to glare at the Felidae who is standing in a corner that still has the fear look in his eyes gives off a didn’t mean it to shoot the Mistress comment sounding nervous which he hears repeated and looks away figuring out that the Felidae isn’t remorseful for the shooting aimed at him despite his words of shooting the Mistress accidentally, recalls something in his mind and looks up to see faucets that give off water from the looks of them and walks out of the cell followed by his guards which one shuts the door and he mentally tells one to turn on the water in the cell and see if the water will hurt the Felidae for the stunt gets told that there’s a drain in the cell that will drain the water away but water is an excellent punishment to the Felidae for their known to hate getting wet from water and have done anything to avoid getting wet whether its rain or swimming in bodies of water which he gets told that the hatred attitude is in that male’s mind and that they’ll turn on the water but their not sure if the switch leads to that cell or all the water faucets above and told to stand in the elevator and that they have to make it seem that the water was only turned on in the shooter’s cell so he won’t know of the water spilling elsewhere which he obeys to stand in the elevator eyes on the hallway with guards to watch as one guard goes to a console in the wall to flick pressing buttons and pulls down a switch which he watches and sees water spilling from the ceiling in some heavy rainstorm move all over the hallway drenching the guard who is looking in his direction and hears a guard speak that from communications there’s water in the Felidae’s cell and that the Felidae is heard yelling that he didn’t meant to shoot the Sun Lord and is sorry for that and will do anything to repent for his actions and is repeating his words which Eric points a finger forwards to the drenched guard and sees the water stop flowing which he walks out pointing a finger at the guard and jerks a thumb at the elevator gesturing him to leave which he goes to the cell door and told to wait for the water in the hallway to drain a bit which he waits then asks the guard if they have the shooter’s words on recorder to play back in the cell if he balks any punishment or anything as in pretending to not say the words in the first place and gets told that they have thought the same idea and will do it and then told the water is gone enough gets a guard to open the door and steps into the cell with a guard besides him to glare at the Felidae looking very wet and mentally speaks through guard that the Felidae would do anything to pay for his actions in a question manner. He looks away to glare at the Felidae who speaks that he didn’t mean to shoot the Mistress in a nervous tone and hears a beep come on followed by the Felidae’s screaming voice heard yelling what he was told by the guards and sees the Felidae’s eyes form some widen look along with appearing to gulp which Eric takes a step forwards towards the male who flattens himself to the wall looking more nervous as the recorder stops with a beep sound. Eric walks slowly towards the Felidae that keeps himself to the wall till he’s near the male and brings a fist into the shooter’s stomach feeling it hit home while hearing a grunt and a groan noise from the shooter which he proceeds to use his fists onto the Felidae’s front and continues to punch him feeling his rage come onto him and keeps on punching till he feels like he’s hitting the wall and hears from a guard mentally that the shooter is on the floor unconscious from the looks of it which he shuts his eyes willing himself to calm recalling the breathing techniques and then once calmer looks down at the Felidae on the floor unconscious mentally gets angry again and kneels in a fast move to throw a fist into the male’s front not caring where the hand landed till he feels a headache hitting him making him compelled to stand up with arms folded which he obeys and then followed by Tank’s familiar voice speaking sounding annoyed that he’s done enough to the shooter for punishment and any more fisting would kill the male and that he should spare the shooter’s life due to that Niya is still alive in the hospital which medics managed to keep her alive to live another day without any medical problems and that Niya was thinking while clinging to him that she expects him to be there when she wakes up as a way of showing that he really cares for her and that he’ll keep Niya asleep till Eric is in her presence which he insists that Eric go to there immediately to be with Niya and prove to the observing public that he really values her enough to want her to live. He doesn’t comment in response feels the headache go away and Tank’s voice become silent walks to a guard and mentally speaks to the male that he’s going to the hospital to be with Niya and that he wants the shooter’s life to be spared if the male survives the fisting punishment he gave him which he walks out of the cell to the elevator and takes it to the garage room which he walks out to a car and ignores the guards who have followed him as the vehicle takes him to the hospital which parks on the side street which he gets out and follows a guard on order to inside to meet a monarch that says to follow her which he obeys and is led to Niya lying in bed wearing a hospital gown on her form in a room asleep from the looks of it. Eric feels a weird feeling hitting him as he sees Niya lying in bed takes off the hooded mask and goes to her to grip her hand which he notices a chair nearby sits in it and brings her hand to his face rubbing the hand on his cheek while shutting his eyes recalling him writing words about loving Niya and realizes that it’s the feeling he’s feeling at the moment which he adjusts the chair to sit closer to the bed while opening his eyes. He removes Niya’s hand from his cheek and holds it feeling himself tired to put an arm on the bed and his head on the arm and holds Niya’s hand with his free hand and shuts his eyes feeling himself needing to sleep and passes out unconscious. 

Eric comes to finding himself lying in a bed while lying on his side to see Niya is on the bed next to him and finds that he’s still in the hospital from himself still wearing the uniform and her still wearing a hospital gown looking peacefully asleep which he reaches out a hand and touches her on the cheek stroking the area gently and removes his hand to edge his form closer towards her putting an arm on her front and his chin on the side of her head and shuts his eyes feeling like still needing to sleep. He comes to opening his eyes to sense Niya has woken up during his sleep by her form twisted on her side facing him with hands touching his chest from the pressure felt and his chin touching her forehead which he senses she’s sleeping to heal herself from the shooting. He gently puts his arm on Niya’s side and shuts his eyes feeling that sleeping is what he needs to do to rest from saving Terrania and physical activity of punching the Felidae and feels himself passing out unconscious to come to feel Niya’s hand stroking his cheek which he jerks open his eyes to see she’s awake and staring at him with some look of affection in her eyes he recognizes. Eric gently puts a hand on Niya’s cheek while staring at Niya feeling himself happy to still have her in his life as she forms a glare on her face which he frowns as she speaks that she was told by a guard that the Sun Lord personally attended to punishing the shooter by fisting who’s still alive with injuries to his ribs as in all of them cracked apart and that the guard said that the Sun Lord appeared to be targeting the chest area when he fisted him and wants to know the whole story from Eric while she was out at the hospital. Eric removes his hand on Niya’s cheek to raise both hands eye level with her eyes and signs talking about the Felidae shooter resisted being punished personally by himself and guards along with refusing to be remorseful when told off on the shooting as in the shooter saying he didn’t mean to shoot the Mistress repeatedly when he was really targeting the Sun Lord himself which he came upon an idea of getting the Felidae wet by water coming out of pipes above in the cell which the guards did that and that recorders picked up the shooter confessing the shooting and doing anything to pay for it due to that his species have some hatred attitude towards water he’s told of that by his guards. He sees Niya’s expression remains the same as he continues to sign that he confronted the shooter again who still displayed that attitude of not being remorseful which a recording of his words were played and the Felidae submitted to the punishment of being fisted which he fisted him and got angry fisted him and didn’t pay attention to the shooter hitting the floor till a guard told him which he calmed himself down and then got angry when he saw the shooter on the floor unconscious proceeded to use his fists onto him till the Dream Guardian interfered and told him to stop the behavior and that Niya he names wanted his presence there at the hospital when she wakes which he told the guards to spare the shooter’s life and went to the hospital to be with Niya herself and wants to know what the doctor said about her injuries due to that she passed out after being shot by the second time. He moves his hands down from Niya’s eye level to stare at her with a frown which he gets from her that the shooter was a lousy shot according to the hospital due to that she was shot in her back no where near vital organs and that something in her body in the back called ribs blocked the shot from going further into her along with shot in the arm which hit the bone area that was blocking Eric’s chest due to that the shooter was trying to shoot Eric in the heart organ and that the hospital still hasn’t said where it is in his chest and has balked announcing where it is actually. He frowns forming it on his lips as she continues that she was told that some Highlander kept the shooter from doing more shooting by getting his arm down towards the ground and told the Felidae off that destroying the Sun Lord would meant destroying Terrania causing death to all and that the shooter surrendered after hearing it which the Ranian that shot the Sun Lord was brought out after Eric carried her inside and the male was heard yelling at the crowd gathered outside echoing the Highlander’s words and saying that he saw from the Mistress’s behavior that she kept the Sun Lord from doing anything physically harmful onto him and that she wanted people to know that the Sun Lord is too important to be destroyed due to that he protects the planetary world Terrania from harm and that the Ranian emphasized that this was why the Sun Lord spared his life and let him live to see another day due to that he said it to the Sun Lord who wanted this from him and let him live unharmed.  He frowns as Niya continues that she wants an explanation to why Eric would punch the shooter while he was unconscious instead of walking off to spare his life which he recalls a memory of his reaction to Brianna attacked by a Kaddar throwing a knife at her and a Legendian kept the knife from going into her by getting in the way but knocked her onto the ground which she suffered some pains from that and his response to the Kaddar was to attack the male getting him onto the floor followed by punching him repeatedly over and over not caring where his fist landed till someone interrupted him and told him off that Brianna was fine due to a Legendian took the knife for her. He raises his hands eye level with Niya’s and signs the memory its entire contents and sees ranges of emotions on Niya’s face as he signs the memory then ends his signing to put a hand on Niya’s side and his other hand he feels is gripped by her hand. He stares at Niya who speaks that she’s supposed to be sleeping due to that the doctor told her after she woke up finding Eric there to sleep off the pain saying that her species as Humans have some ability to heal from medical injuries from sleeping it off something she figured out that only Humans have it when it comes to medical injuries by the doctor’s voice tone indicating it that made her think it from recalling of having injuries as a youngster that mysteriously healed up after she had several cases of sleeping off the pain. He doesn’t sign a comment as Niya shuts her eyes feel her hand grip his hand in a tighter grip along with pressure on his chest which he senses is her other hand and watches her face turn from a frown to a peaceful look feels like he should be sleeping himself shuts his eyes and passes out unconscious. 

Eric comes to feeling a hand patting his cheek in a gentle motion he senses belongs to Niya which he jerks open his eyes to find her leaning over him from a standing position while wearing the Mistress uniform while he’s on his back and stares at her as she speaks that the doctor dubbed Ion who’s been assigned as the Sun Lord’s personal physician found her fine enough to get up and leave the hospital but wants Eric to take in nourishment while scanned by the doctor and wanted him awake for that at the moment due to scanning him and saying that he’s slept enough for now. He doesn’t comment in response sits up and gets a tray holding dishware of nourishment onto his lap by a guard and spies a Human male with hints of Trevor on the other side of the bed waving a familiar scanner device as he finds himself hungry eats the food fast and forces himself to sip the drink first for water then finding it not water by his senses telling him that gulps it down entirely and once done puts the cup down on the tray and sees a guard take it away which he eyes the doctor that peers at the scanner and says that the Sun Lord is fine but recommends that he doesn’t do too much physical activity but only for a limited time till he says he can do as much of it he likes and he’s free to leave the hospital. He gets up from the bed to put on his hooded mask and feels Niya’s hand on his left arm by the pressure there and her standing next to him which he follows a guard on order to the hospital entrance to grimace seeing various press people there with various devices that form an aisle and are silent as he walks between them to the car which takes him and Niya to his home and once inside he removes his mask and his walking is halted in the garage room by Niya insisting to him to take her to Brianna for she wants to see her which he doesn’t feel anything painful mentally hitting him but feels himself fine agrees to her request and the elevator takes them to the floor which he uses a bare hand to get the door open and goes inside with Niya sensing two of the guards following and leads her to Brianna which he frowns staring at her sensing a painful feeling mentally but stares at Niya who hugs him abruptly which he accepts finding himself feeling a bit better from the hug along with hearing Niya speaking that she got an image of a female appearing to be Brianna looking different from her appearance she’s seeing flashing in her mind ordering her to hug Eric as they were walking out to face the crowd and that Brianna spoke her words an insisting tone which she obeyed and felt herself shot in the back along with realizing that Brianna knew that someone was targeting Eric put her arm up and felt it shot from familiar pain hitting the area and felt herself passing out unconscious which Eric stiffens from hearing her words as Niya pauses.  His eyes sight flashes to night vision which he stiffens from to eye Niya that appears to pass out unconscious and eyes the stick staff to see its glowing and makes him drawn to it which he drops Niya and goes to it picking it up and hears a male voice sounding in his mind to choose Niya or become powerful with powers which he turns around still holding the stick to see Niya lying on the floor stiffens from a memory of Brianna dying in his mind throws the stick away from him and darts towards Niya to kneel lifting her up to hold her in his arms which he hears a familiar screaming sound adjusts Niya to lean against his body and puts his hands down fisting them to see the familiar water substance which he sees a satellite view of a planet he recognizes as Terrania and sees a familiar warship identifying them as High Council come into view to orbit the planet along with a male voice sounding Highlander like speaking asking for whom their speaking to which he hears a male voice speaking ordering him not to answer period and that the High Council will habitually leave after not getting an answer which he obeys to bare his teeth imaging an image of a gun cocking and senses the planet’s weapons are active which he continues to watch the warship through satellite as the image of familiar nine covered in white people appears identifying themselves as High Council and saying that they detected communication devices orbiting the planet and demands to know why the natives aren’t answering. He gets in response is a scene of Terrania looking different followed by attacked by warships which he recognizes is Earth the Human’s home world along with what happened next after the ships left and watches the scene with familiarity within him then again sees the High Council image which he refrains from saying anything mentally watches through satellite as the image goes away showing the warship which he hears a beep sound and hears a male voice sounding Highlander like saying that the planet has multiple first ones scattered all over along with a larger number of alien life signs scattered all over along with twin Meritanians focused in one area and wants to know any further orders for this planet due to its obvious that it was the first ones’ former home world that survived the attack as ordered by the High Council which Eric keeps his teeth bared hearing that as the voice continues asking for further orders. He hears another male voice speak to leave a probe orbiting the planet to signal if it detects any ships leaving the planet so that they can return for contact which he sees a familiar object leave the warship followed by the ship taking off going out of sight appearing to be heading towards the moon orbiting nearby which he eyes the object with distaste running through him to sense himself in control of the satellite and senses from the thing that its reaching the end of its purpose aims it at the probe he assumes its what it is to see it go onto a collision course with the probe and watches as the view changes to show another satellite view and continues to see a machinery object hit the probe exploding into a large fireball which both are destroyed he senses from the satellite’s systems telling him of that and then finds himself back into his body mentally orders weapons to stand down followed by the water substance stops as the screaming stops then feels tired but hugged by Niya who’s awake and having hands on his cheeks which he blinks his eyes along with seeing that the lights are on feels confused as to where he is to hear his familiar guard’s voice sounding in his mind that their relieved to see that he’s alright due to that two guards turning out to work for some fool locked the both of them in Brianna’s room and the Dream Guardian told them how to unlock it which they proceeded to do due to that Brianna’s room according to the Dream Guardian frowns on locking living people in the room even when the door is shut and will open for anyone putting a hand on the shield which he feels tired feels sleepiness shuts his eyes feeling himself passing out unconscious. 

Eric comes to waking up finding himself lying in bed stripped of his clothes and wearing his familiar gloves on his hands along with feeling a female body stripped of clothes on his form he recognizes as Niya and feels charges of pleasure hitting him from her breathing movements on his form which he feels like he’s strong enough to mate moves them both till she’s on her back and hears an oh from Niya who wakes up which he stares at her in the eyes. He gets her legs moving to accommodating him and locking in position on his backside which he feels like needing to mate mates with Niya and once done keeps himself inside her while staring at her in the eyes as she stares back at him. He feels her hands rubbing his head running through his hair as he stares at her and gets from Niya speaking that she showed him her secret and wants him to do the same period. He sees Niya’s eyes flare golden then resume being brown which he recalls Terris and his teaching wills the Source through to feel one of Niya’s hands on his face feeling him along with touching his lips that are clamped shut which he doesn’t mind the touch. He continues to stare at her as her hand stops touching his face and he wills away the Source to feel tiredness hitting him and sees Niya has fallen asleep which he settles himself on top of her and gets a dream of himself with Niya in a room where Brianna is asleep in her coffin and continues to dream of Niya complain to him about the guards locking them in the room with no way out which he guides her to the door willing the Source through and still holding one of her hands waves a free hand towards the door mentally ordering it to open and sees it open followed by the lights turning on which he gets an oh from Niya and notices she’s staring at him despite he’s not having a head cover mask on and gets yanked out of the room to see the scene become black and comes to sensing himself still on top of Niya asleep which he realizes that someone gave him the dream to tell him of a way of getting out of the room where Brianna’s body is kept and recalls what the guard said about it calling it Brianna’s room which he doesn’t feel any hurt from it but senses that the guards have dubbed the room that name due to knowledge of Brianna in there. He feels himself fine with that continues to sleep passes out unconscious.

Eric comes to finding himself lying on an odd bed with the rages in control and feels the breathing device gone from him along with his gloves and feels naked. He feels coldness hitting him along with water sounds feels confused from hearing that noise and feels the bed he’s on to sense its very old from the feeling of it and sits up only to hear a familiar voice sounding like Kossman’s saying not to put feet on the floor due to that there’s water there which he feels the Zeskaya’s hands on him hauling up in some carrying hold which he grips the Zeskaya in response to help ease his weight and feels himself carried till his form is laid onto a bed and hears a familiar click sound which he hears an excited shriek sounding like Niya’s voice saying his name along with the breathing device put onto him which his eyes sight clears up to see he’s on the bed in his Sun Lord bedroom and stares at Niya with confusion running through him. He gets from Niya ordering Kossman out of the room which he hears a door shutting sound and eyes Niya who strips herself of her uniform and straddles him which he feels charges of pleasure from it and doesn’t resists from it but keeps his hands to himself despite feeling them no longer gloved which he eyes Niya who mates with him her doing the work while he continues to feel charges of pleasure hitting him. Eric shakes from spilling inside Niya and once done gets kissed on the lips by her who he feels confused as to why she’s kissing and mating with him who she breaks it off and stares at him in the eyes.   He signs asking her to tell him what’s going on due to waking up on some odd bed and Kossman told him not to put feet on the floor due to water and that Kossman carried him to here which he wasn’t able to see where he was due to the rages in control making him blind. He frowns as Niya gives off a disgusted sound and speaks that a copy twin of Eric from Rakcara was seen via recorders in the bedroom coming out of the bathroom with some light show and going up to Eric to pull him off of her and carry him appearing to be unconscious through the bathroom doorway with another light show before returning to strip himself of clothes putting them underneath the bed which were removed along with putting on Eric’s gloves and then getting on top of her mating with her in her sleep. He feels disgusted hearing that as Niya continues that she wasn’t fooled by the twin’s deception due to that the twin didn’t have what identifies Eric as Eric which she felt wasn’t on the twin at all and figured out that it was a copy once she woke up in the morning with that copy lying on top of her along with the familiar pain feeling of Han’s Syndrome hitting her again which she figured out the deception mentally yelled at Merra about it who said she’ll scan the twin’s mind who did that and got Kossman to go get Eric. He frowns as Niya continues that she didn’t let the twin know that she wasn’t fooled once they both started their day but sensed the guards seemed to know something by their behavior towards the both of them and hearing them comment to her mentally about something bad happening but refused to explain what it was actually. He hears from Niya that the twin’s deception was stopped when a guard told her and him about a crowd outside that wanted to talk to the Sun Lord and weren’t put off by that which there was a crowd but the twin wound up shot in the chest by someone she’s not sure who had the gun weapon and it hit the beater organ area and he was hauled inside and declared dead which she wound up yelling at the guards after removing the breathing device from the twin to claim to the public that the Sun Lord didn’t trust the public to not shoot him again had someone else with golden eyes take his place due to wearing the mask in front of them to play Sun Lord when meeting the crowd and she told the guards that the Shadonia can screw themselves if they say that the excuse is nothing but a lie which she found the familiar pain feeling went away found herself in the bedroom to see Eric lying on the bed and put on the breathing device on him due to knowing that he gets rages on a permanent basis without an end to it without the breathing device on him due to someone she’s not sure who told her about that. Eric frowns hearing Niya’s words hears screaming sounds in his mind figures its Terrania doing it sees Niya appear to pass out asleep on top of him which he adjusts their positions till he’s kneeling on the bed while having Niya leaning against him with him out of her and again sees the familiar water substance with night vision in his eyesight which he sees a satellite view of Terrania and sees the familiar warship belonging to the High Council come into view and bares his teeth. He watches as the warship orbits the planet and hears a male voice in some compelling voice tone to let the warship land on the planet and continues to hear that the High Council will wish that they hadn’t landed followed by silence which he continues to watch as the warship enters the planet and tracks its process to see it land in the forest near Atlanta the city and hears the screaming stop which he sees the water substance stop along with night vision gently lies his form down while holding Niya mindful of his clawed hands and holds Niya in a hug fisting his clawed hands having the nails dig into his palms making sure that the digging isn’t much to cause injury. He hears from Merra abruptly that the High Council had visited Terrania before but their representative was a former member who was kicked out of the group which the member in response didn’t keep the High Council a secret instead trashed the group to the Terranians and made sure that the Terranians were given very clear details about the group and their servants along with their views towards species and how they rule along with making sure that the Terranians passed down the trashed knowledge very well towards offspring and descendants which the trashed knowledge wound up in schools taught to offspring all over Terrania along with that the knowledge of Nikolas destroying a group was passed down as well including the High Council said to order an attack on a planet belonging to the Human species due to some prophecy said that they would be destroyed by a Human which the Sun Lord confirmed the planet that was attacked identifying it as Earth aka Terrania the planet and now the knowledge of the High Council has been widespread all over with people viewing the group in a negative way and doing what it takes to spite the group judging by the minds she and Tank scanned of people within vicinity of them and figured out that the Terranians all of them see the High Council in some negative view along with doing what it takes to keep the group and their influence out of Terrania judging by what she and Tank saw in the people’s minds. He doesn’t comment in response as Merra leaves his mind and he feels sleepy shuts his eyes feeling himself needing to sleep and passes out unconscious. 

Eric came to feeling a hand patting his cheek which he jerked open his eyes to see that the hand’s owner was Niya who spoke “Eric you should be up and starting your day.” 
He frowned to eye the window shade seeing it was up and stared at Niya seeing her dressed in the Mistress uniform leaning over him while standing next to the bed. 
He again heard from her “It’s the next sun since that fiasco I told you about. You and I passed out asleep for a sun and whole night till morning is when I woke up and figured I might as well wake you up. You need to eat for you need it.” 
He didn’t comment a signed response got up from the bed as Niya backed up straightening her form. He went to the dresser and yanked out his underwear and uniform which he put on along with his boots then stared at Niya with a frown who took his gloved hand and he didn’t resists as she pulled him towards the door that was open ajar. He felt her pause followed by her glaring at him and a head gesture towards the door which he exhaled a breath and yanked the door open wider walking out first followed by Niya having her grip on his hand off him. He saw his familiar guards looking at him with familiar expressions on their faces which he went to the dining table to sit and ate his food feeling himself very hungry and gobbled it up. He took his time with the drink forcing himself to sip it first then gulped it down once he sensed it was safe for him to drink it entirely. Eric once done leaned back against the chair and stared at Niya with a frown that finished her food and drink and met his stare. 
He signed “What did the hospital say about the twin’s body when they examined it just prior to deposing it?”
He heard from a guard in response “Actually the twin’s body was examined thoroughly with the hospital ordered to keep their mouths shut about it but they were told of the Rakcar having some medical trick making people look twin to you which was used as an excuse when they got the twin’s body. Also the results indicate that the twin is twin to you except for the beater organ is on the opposite side and not where it is in your chest. The hospital was told to depose the body due to the Dream Guardian insisting on it to us which we insisted to the hospital to burn down the body once they were completely done with their tests which one of us was present to assure of the deposing as in the twin’s body burned down and ashes scattered in the forest and that has happened period. As for the twin shot the excuse publicity is what the Mistress ordered us to say along with what she said to you which we haven’t heard anything in response from the Shadonia after we publicity announced the excuse.”
Eric frowned hearing the guard’s words who continued talking “Oh the shooter in question was identified as some Aquarian with Kenibian influences due to having Kenibians as parents who is currently in the brig at the moment. The shooter has claimed some excuse saying that the shooting was done due to that the Sun Lord didn’t seem right to him and kept feeling something was wrong shot the Sun Lord in response to that feeling which he was later detained and arrested at the scene and thrown in the brig after being forcefully stripped of the remainder of his main clothes and weapons on his form. I have to warn you that Aquarians are water species so using water on him won’t work anyway when trying to punish him.” 
Eric frowned to see a frown on Niya’s face which he heard nothing more from his guard signed “Niya you got any ideas on what I should do towards that Aquarian for doing me a favor as in removing some fool from taking my place inappropriately?”
He got from Niya was a bigger frown followed by her speaking “Just don’t let that Aquarian know of it or he’ll brag this to the public which the deception will be found out and bad things will happen.”
He exhaled a breath through his mouth and signed “Ugh fine. I’m going to have to punish that Aquarian for the shooting whether I like it or not despite him doing me a favor. Oh well. Anyway perhaps I could fist the Aquarian and leave him alive just to show mercy for the shooting.” 
Eric heard from the guard in response “Actually the hospital blabbed one thing about the shooting before we could say anything about it to them.”
He looked at the guard with a frown who continued speaking “The thing blabbed was the hospital said that a Legendian took your place, them balking on identifying the species the Legendian is and that he was shot dead by bullet hitting his beater organ that caused too much damage to save him. They also said that they had orders from the Sun Lord to burn down the Legendian’s body once the autopsy was done which they did it and scattered the ashes in the forest which happened immediately after they were done with tests.”
Eric frowned forming it on his lips as the guard kept talking “According to rumor around the city after the hospital’s announcement is that the shooter would be executed in response to the shooting and the resulted death of a Legendian. Also that we haven’t figured out who started that rumor but its wide spread all over the city along with the public appearing to agree with the rumor’s contents as in saying that the shooter will be executed. They haven’t said what will kill the shooter in response only said that he’ll die anyway.” 
Eric heard nothing more from the guard felt his mind scanned which he mentally spoke “Don’t tell me Aquarians are immune to my poison along with that breaking their necks won’t do a good job in killing them.” 
He recalled doing that to a small group of sleeping Aquarians fully in his mind as ordered by Tikcanni which he did the job. 
He heard from Niya asking what he was saying to the guard and heard his words verbalized along with the guard speaking “Actually Aquarians have some kind of internal body system to poison regardless of what it is which would keep them alive long enough to get the antidote into their bodies to fight off the poison. Legendians’ poison would only cause a very slow death as a result. Also breaking their necks won’t be enough to kill Aquarians due to that it’ll only cause them to lose their walking ability in their legs and feet. Both the poison and breaking the neck would only be enough to knock down the Aquarian into some sleeping medical condition which time varies whenever they wake up from it along with it varies whether their bodies give out from the injuries and cause them to pass away as a result.”
Eric folded his arms feeling himself disgusted hearing the guard’s words as he looked away to stare at Niya who met his stare. 
He signed “Whose idea was it to spread some rumor of having the shooter executed? I could have just break his neck and cause him to be wheelchair bound for the rest of his life as punishment for the shooting and kept him alive for doing me a favor.” 
He heard in response from Niya “Ah Eric I just remembered that there’s some old Terranian law that involves killing Legendians using weapons is that the person who kills a Legendian is executed in response to the death. Sorry Eric you’ll have to execute the Aquarian shooter due to that it’s obvious that the public knows of this law hence there’s a rumor going around saying that the shooter is going to be executed anyway.” 
Eric in response threw on his mask and got up from the table with arms folded as Niya got up from the chair copying him with her arms down at the sides. 
He unfolded his arms and signed “Fine but I prefer the hospital to put the Aquarian down after I’m done using my fists onto the shooter and doing what it takes to make sure he’s put down by them period.”
Eric folded his arms and heard from his guard in response “Sorry your majesty but the hospital has a policy involving that is that they must keep people alive at all costs regardless of their medical conditions. They only use the put down method when it’s obvious that the person is medically unable to be kept alive and that the person is in some kind of specific medical condition that keeps them from living which they’ll use that method onto them. That’s the policy they have regarding put downs on patients so sorry but you’ll have to figure something out towards the Aquarian.” 
Eric signed “Tell me what are projectile weapons do to Aquarians anyway?”
He got from the guard “Projectile weapons if their mostly metal bullets can cause various damage to Aquarians that is twin to other species suffering similar medical conditions from that weapon. I’m afraid you’ll have to order the Aquarian shot to death by projectile weapon due to that it’s a good method to execute the shooter. I believe the shooting to death execution would be seen among the public as some kind of eye for eye punishment for the shooting death of a Legendian and would show that your toleration towards people shooting you has come to end and will result in executing people who pull that stunt onto you. It’ll be a very big warning to people that you’re not giving out mercy anymore towards people who shoot projectile weapons at you and the Mistress as well.” 
He signed to Niya “Your staying here while I go attend to that Aquarian.” 
He got no complaints from Niya who nodded her head and he walked out of the quarters into the hallway and got inside the elevator and folded his arms while staring at the floor. He felt the elevator stop followed by pushed out abruptly along with the elevator’s doors heard shutting themselves behind him. Eric looked up finding himself in the hallway leading to Brianna’s room which he eyed the shield door and felt himself compelled to go inside the room which he proceeded to do going to Brianna and stood staring at her. He removed the mask off his head and stared at Brianna feeling himself feeling the mental pain of hurt placed a hand on his forehead shutting his eyes as he felt a headache hitting him. Eric heard a door slam jerked open his eyes along with removing his hand to find himself facing the door that was shut with night vision in his eyesight. He willed the Source through recalling a dream involved opening the door and mentally ordered the door to open with a hand wave and saw it open. He walked out willing aside the Source and went to the elevator finding the doors shut but spied in the wall next to the doors was a button which he pressed figuring it’ll bring the elevator and heard a familiar ding sound as the doors opened which he saw his guards inside that looked nervous seeing him. Eric walked inside the elevator and felt his mind scanned mentally spoke the order to the brig and felt the mind scanning stop. He felt the elevator go up which he put on his mask as he walked out once it was stopped to find guards in front of an open doorway which he walked through and saw an Aquarian wearing only shorts covering his sensitive part while having a bandage covering his mouth along with chained to a wheelchair. 
He heard from one guard “This is the one who shot the Legendian which Terranian law says he must be executed for that.” 
He looked at the guard who held up a hand gun towards him and the male gestured with his head towards the Aquarian. 
Eric turned towards the guard and signed “I’m ordering you to execute the Aquarian by shooting him once I’m in the hallway.” 
He got a head bob from the guard as he walked out of the cell and entered the hallway to hear a loud gunshot sound which he continued walking towards the elevator and entered it. He felt his mind scanned mentally gave the order to his quarters and felt the elevator go up and stop at a floor he saw was the hallway to his quarters which he went out to the hallway and found his quarters’ door with two guards in front of it. One of them he eyed opened the door and he walked inside to froze seeing Niya lying on the floor unconscious which he darted towards her to kneel and grabbed her in a hug hold arms around her and sensed that she was still alive and unconscious. Eric felt the mental pain of hurt hitting him hard grimaced from that and buried his face onto Niya’s chest and tightened his hold around her. 
He felt his mind scanned and heard a guard’s mental voice speaking “Emperor Palin is in your office requesting your presence. So put the Mistress on your bed and we’ll have the doctor attend to her fainting abruptly and go meet the Emperor.” 
He obeyed getting up carrying Niya and took her to his bedroom putting her on the bed and heard Akihito’s familiar voice sounding in his mind “I visited the Emperor’s home in the city. Saw some guards of his Highlanders grab him and put bare hands on his face and he reacted in pain from that. The guards stopped touching him and the Emperor appeared to form some look on his face that gave me the creeps. Just thought I would let you know of it.” 
Eric didn’t comment in response gently placed a hand on Niya’s cheek rubbing then removed his hand and felt the mask still covering his head while leaving the bedroom going to the quarters’ entrance which he walked out. He went through the hallway to the elevator and once inside felt its motions as it went to the office floor and stopped with a familiar jerk. He walked out into a hallway and found his office door shut with two Highlanders wearing familiar uniforms that made him feel disgusted seeing that they were Kaddar. He narrowed his eyes as one of them seeing him knocked on the door three knocks and then opened it which he walked inside hearing the door shut behind him. Eric felt disgust take hold finding the Emperor seated in his office chair with some familiar look on his face that reminded him of the looks he’s seen from Tikcanni whenever he saw the Highlander in his presence. He went to stand in front of the desk noticing three other Kaddar guards scattered in the room.
Eric folded his arms and stood in front of the desk eyes narrowed as the Emperor spoke “That Aquarian you had ordered executed was one of my Kaddar guards.”
He stiffened hearing the edge in the Emperor’s voice tone kept his arms folded and eyes narrowed as the Highlander continued “I’ll set aside the execution if you agree to the terms of my deal or I’ll make you pay for the death period.” 
He saw the Emperor thrust a paper onto the desk along with a pen and gestured for him to read it. He obeyed picking up the paper and read it in Oceanan language detailing him giving of planetary power control to the Emperor and just play figurehead due to having planetary protection powers. 
He crumbled up the paper and threw it onto the desk and got from the Emperor “The Mistress didn’t actually faint. She was poisoned with some kind of low dose of special poison that gives off pain and that there’s only a temporary antidote that’ll only give her relief found only in Oceana. I suggest you sign the document for the Mistress without the antidote will die a slow death something I’m pretty sure you wish to avoid.”
He felt himself stiffening from that picked up the paper and smoothed it and grabbed the pen signing his name along with the words Sun Lord included and stepped back from the desk tossing aside the pen and folded his arms glaring at the Emperor. 
He heard in response a female voice speaking “Eric you can’t do that.” 
He stiffened for the voice sounded familiar and reminded him of someone as the scene he saw changed to show Brianna’s room and himself standing next to her coffin eyes opening with night vision in his eyesight while having a hand on his forehead free of the mask which he removed to fold his arms. 
He stared at Brianna as the female voice again spoke still sounding familiar “Eric stop suffering from the pain of Brianna’s passing now. Just stop the mental pain of hurt by getting over it now. You can’t let it control you in your feelings towards Niya or others will take advantage of that finding it a weakness and exploit it.” 
He stiffened as the voice sounded firm in a serious tone became silent which he eyed Brianna lying in her coffin and exhaled a breath through his mouth staring at her. 
He again heard the voice speak “You must be willing to sacrifice something priceless to keep others from taking advantage of you and exploiting your weakness which is taking away your duties as Sun Lord. That cannot happen for without the duties your position as Sun Lord will not protect you from others that treated Legendians wrongly who’ll pull this stunt onto you and it’ll kill you as a result.” 
Eric stiffened from the voice’s words as the voice continued talking “You must move on from Brianna’s passing and be willing to sacrifice Niya just to keep your position as Sun Lord intact for your life is more valuable than hers due to being Terrania’s planetary protector who keeps all Terranians alive from death and destruction of a planetary disaster.” 
He again exhaled a breath through his mouth but kept his arms folded as he continued to stare at Brianna as the voice went silent abruptly. 
He stared at Brianna to get an image of her in her youngness flashing in his mind along with her speaking “Eric this is not what I wanted from you living beyond my passing.”
He shut his eyes feeling the tears trickling from them and allowed them to flow as he breathe hard through his mouth and felt the rages arrive feeling the emotion running through him and felt the tears stop abruptly. Eric opened his eyes and forced himself to breathe through the breathing device in his nose while clamping his mouth shut. His blindness went away as his eyesight cleared up which he again eyed Brianna to feel the angry feeling was still within him despite clear eyesight. He bared his teeth narrowing his eyes and blinked them as night vision stopped abruptly showing day vision as the lights above were turned on abruptly. He clamped his mouth shut covering his teeth as he continued to stare at Brianna while fisting his hands in a slow movement. 
Eric felt his mind scanned and heard a familiar voice speaking “Your majesty, are you alright? The guards who locked you in Brianna’s room have been dealt with for that stunt.” 
He kept his mind blank and formed a glare then turned around and spied a familiar guard standing nearby that frowned abruptly seeing his face’s expression as the mind scanning continued. Eric ignored the guard and walked towards the room’s entrance sensing the mind scanning stopped which he walked out and went to the elevator going inside followed by the Highlander seeing two other guards inside that also formed frowns on their faces seeing his glaring expression. 
He turned and faced the elevator’s entrance to hear from a guard verbally “There’s a matter of an Aquarian in the brig that must be executed for shooting a Legendian to death. We’re still awaiting your orders on that.” 
He noticed a guard looking at him in his eyesight’s vicinity which he signed “I need to think about that for a bit so make this thing go to my quarters’ floor now.” 
He refolded his arms to feel the elevator go up a bit then stopped showing the familiar brig’s hallway followed by a guard speaking “I insist the matter on that Aquarian be done now period.” 
Eric turned to face the spoken guard with a glare on his face who frowned abruptly. He in a fast speed move unfolded his arms and grabbed the guard by the throat lifting the Highlander up and thrust his back onto the wall holding him up dangling his feet and brought a hand fisted inches away from the male’s face refraining from punching him. 
Eric saw fear in the guard’s eyes as he felt his mind scanned and mentally spoke making sure he sounded angry “I am the Sun Lord ruler of Terrania. What I say and order, you obey without question and I insist you obey my orders period. I decide on when to handle the matter involving that Aquarian not you so don’t ever pull this stunt on me again. I mean it with what I say.” 
He released the guard while again folding his arms and gave the Highlander a glare that bent down coughing while hearing groans from the other guards as he felt the mind scanning stopped. He turned to face the doors seeing them close and felt the elevator go up and stopped reaching his quarters’ floor which he walked out and went to the door to his quarters seeing two guards in front of it which one of them opened the door and he walked inside to spot Niya sitting on the couch staring at the TV monitors that were on showing various scenes. He went to Niya who looked at him with a familiar look of affection in her eyes and facial expression which he stopped his glare to stare at her back with an identical look as he went to sit next to her. Eric adjusted his position to stare at Niya who leaned her form onto him which he wrapped arms around her in a hug feeling her seemingly happy from that hug hold. He heard a groan sound from Niya followed by her feeling limp in his arms which he stiffened as a guard came into view putting a piece of paper on the table and pen. 
He stared at the guard who spoke “Something for you to sign in exchange for the Mistress to get the antidote.” 
He removed his hand holds around Niya to pick up the paper reading it and discovered it was identical to the paper’s contents his mind conjured up in a dream of facing Emperor Palin. 
Eric placed the paper down and signed it only to hear a female voice speaking “You can’t do that.”
Eric stiffened finding himself back in Brianna’s room with arms folded night vision in his eyesight. 
He exhaled a breath to mentally speak “What do you want me to do despite telling me not to do things and giving me dreams of scenarios?”
His eyes fell on Brianna as if drawn to see instead of her old but in her youngness and awake staring at him with pleading in her eyes. He stiffened as he realized what the voice wanted unfolded his arms and opened the coffin’s lid with force. He bent down towards Brianna putting a hand on one of her hands and felt it gripped which he brought his face towards Brianna’s and kissed her gently while keeping his eyes open as he felt her other hand touch his cheek. He felt the familiar mental pain of hurt stop abruptly as he broke off the kiss which he stared at Brianna who gently rubbed his cheek. 
He heard the familiar voice speaking “Eric, in the matter of Georgina Visser, don’t hide her from people loyal to you. She will be a key to keeping you in position with duties intact which people will get it her importance of being your mate and her titled position.” 
He exhaled a breath through his mouth hearing that as he recognized the voice as Brianna’s seeing her mouth move as the voice sounded which he didn’t comment in response. 
He again heard from Brianna “I gave you Niya for I know how important I was to you accept her, Eric.” 
He bobbed his head and again heard Brianna speak “Eric you must release me or you won’t be able to move on to live your life with Niya.” 
He stiffened as an image flashed in his mind and saw Brianna nod her head she releasing her touch from him to stare at him. Eric exhaled another breath reached both hands towards Brianna’s head and grabbed it with force and gave it a twisting jerk seeing her become lifeless in his hands from the movements. Eric stepped back releasing his hold on Brianna’s head breathing hard through his mouth which he closed the coffin’s lid and again stepped back to stand staring at her seeing Brianna’s youngness change to oldness with form looking same as the form he placed her in the coffin.  He continued to breathe hard through his mouth and shut his eyes bowing his head while clamping his mouth as he forced himself to nose breathe urging himself to do it. Eric sensed the scene change to find himself lying on a bed abruptly wearing underwear shorts which he felt a hand stroking his cheek that brought pleasure to him and he pushed his face into the cheek as he heard a gasp sound. Eric jerked open his eyes finding himself lying in bed in his quarters’ bedroom and Niya leaning over him wearing her nightgown while there was a lamp on. He felt tiredness hitting him stared at Niya feeling not inclined to sign a comment as she kissed him on the lips abruptly. He kissed her back but kept his hands to himself feeling them underneath the blankets. 
Eric shivered as the kiss was broken off by Niya who spoke “You were out unconscious for three suns straight with no sign of waking up despite manipulating done on you to wake you up.”
He exhaled a breath hearing that as Niya removed her hand and he eyed her as she leaned over him appearing to be towards the lamp which he didn’t flinch as night vision flared in his eyesight followed by her speaking to him blindly after adjusting position “Eric would you mind doing what the Humans dub spoon fashioning me as we sleep?”
He didn’t protest removed his hands from underneath the blankets and manipulated himself and Niya till they were in position which he felt himself fine enough to do it to her. He exhaled a breath to put a hand on her hip while it was underneath the blankets and didn’t feel any protest from Niya who he sensed had fallen asleep. Eric shut his eyes feeling like he needed to sleep which he slept till he sensed sunlight blaring into the room jerked open his eyes finding it was daylight. Eric rolled over and looked at the window shade finding it open and a familiar plant was peering through the window which he exhaled a breath figuring that the thing wanted him and Niya awake hence the shade up. He rolled over to stare at Niya and rolled her onto her back and gently patted her on the cheek with a clawed hand mindful of his claws’ pointed tips that gave up venomous poison. 
He heard an hmm from Niya who jerked open her eyes staring at him which she spoke “Morning Eric nice to see you up and awake.” 
He heard some pleading in her voice tone figured it wasn’t related to sleeping despite the look in her eyes which he figured out what she wanted from him. Eric without a comment removed his hand from her cheek and adjusted his underwear shorts freeing himself and pulled Niya’s nightgown up baring her from the waist down which he brought his form on top of her and felt her legs accommodating him. He rolled his eyes after he entered Niya with a thrust fully up to the hilt inside her while feeling an intense charge of pleasure hitting him all over very powerfully. Eric felt Niya sense the same by her giving of a loud O sound. He smiled from that feeling hitting him placed his clawed hands underneath Niya’s back still covered by the nightgown and adjusted his eyes to stare at her in the eyes. He saw her head was up neck bared and heard soft moaning sounds from Niya which he began thrusting in and out of her while feeling intense charges of pleasure hitting him each time he entered her that felt very powerful running through him. He forced himself to stare at Niya’s face despite the head up position blocking part of his view as he thrust and with an intense jerk spilled himself inside her. He shook from the intense feeling of pleasure hitting him collapsed his form on top of her and sensed her not complaining about it. Eric eyed Niya who moved her head down which he brought his lips to her lips and kissed her lengthy as she kissed him in response feeling her hands running through his hair yanking on the strands. He felt her legs lock around him tightly in a familiar hold that was similar to the hold Brianna had used whenever he mated with her but didn’t feel himself upset with that. He tightened his hug hold around Niya as he kissed her on the lips which he heard an hmm sound from her broke off the kiss to stare at her in the face. 
Niya he heard sighed then opened her eyes and he frowned staring at her as she spoke “I’ve been itching to do that since the deception was discovered and you back here in some can’t be waken sleep. The feeling drove I crazy while you were out which the doctor suggested I tolerate it with medicine I refused to take saying I would just sleep it off till you woke up. My patting your cheek was to see if you’ll wake up which you did. Problem was I figured that you were too tired to do what I wanted so I let you sleep instead.” 
Eric in response kissed Niya on the lips who kissed him back. 
He head the door open and felt a headache of his mind scanned followed by his familiar guard’s voice speaking “Your Majesty its late morning and excuse the interruption so carry on with what your doing.” 
He felt the headache stop followed by the door shutting sound heard and heard an hmm sound from Niya which he broke off the kiss to stare at her. 
Niya spoke “Eric I think we should get up and start our day and get some nourishment. I admit I haven’t been eating much since I told the doctor I was going to sleep off the feeling which I’ve been doing for two suns with attempts to wake you up after woken up by the sun blaring into the room from the open window covering.” 
He exhaled a breath feeling Niya’s legs stop their locking hold which he pulled out and adjusted his underwear shorts along with clipping on the breathing device then he got up from the bed and went to the dresser to pull out his uniform finding it still in the drawers and he put on his form along with boots. He exhaled a breath through his mouth and went to the bedroom door yanking them open to find his familiar guards in the room giving him familiar expressions on their faces but appeared to have relief in their eyes as he eyed them. He went to the dining table and sat finding himself hungry gobbled up his food along with forcing himself to sip the drink for water and then gulped it down when his senses told him it wasn’t that. He once done leaned back in the chair and eyed Niya to see she was finished with her nourishment that was looking at him with affection in her eyes. 
He heard from a guard “Your majesty I request permission to scan the Mistress’s mind by touching her skin to skin for some things rumored going around and need to confirm.” 
He got from Niya “I recommended that only a female mind walker do this. I know you too well Eric that you’ll react badly from having males touching me and yes it’s got something to do with you being part of the Legendian species.”
Eric looked at the spoken guard with eyes narrowed and signed “Do what the Mistress recommends. I order the mind scanning by touch.” 
He got a head bob from the guard who looked away followed by hearing a door opening sound then he looked at Niya who had head bowed appearing to be staring at her hands on her lap.  Eric stared at Niya eyeing her as the female guard arrived into view which he watched as the female removed one of her gloves and placed the hand onto Niya’s cheek who didn’t react any protests from that but appeared to accept the touch. Eric eyed the female guard who jerked her head towards a male guard standing next to her then resumed staring at Niya. He continued to eye the female who kept up with the head jerking towards the male guard while scanning Niya’s mind.  He felt himself having an enough of the mind scanning got up and went to Niya to see the female guard remove her hand to put on her glove and walk away. He stood next to Niya and pulled her form close to him as he could and sensed her bury her face into his front with arms wrapped around him. 
He eyed the familiar guard who looked at him and heard from the male mentally “Just checking on how the Mistress really feels towards you due to that it was reported she ordered a guard to poison you which was stopped. She really feels like she’s fond of you but is conflicted with her emotions towards Nikolas who in her mind told her that Raisa was originally his mate and she wasn’t which her reaction was to act out in anger from realizing that he wasn’t kidding about that. I suspect that it’ll take awhile for her to get over her conflicting emotions towards Nikolas. This is from having a family member going through this themselves due to that the person they were fond of wasn’t really their intended mate and having conflicting emotions towards the one they were intended for and the person they were fond of actually.” 
Eric looked away sensing Niya was crying by her form shaking which he rubbed her back feeling her arms’ grips become tighter which he exhaled a breath through his mouth and looked down at her. He broke off Niya’s arm hold to bend down lifting her up and carried her still crying into the bedroom which he kicked the door shut behind him. Eric laid Niya onto the bed and put his form on top of her and held her in a hug as he stared at her in the face seeing her eyes were watering and hearing crying sounds from her. He continued to stare at her in the eyes seeing that she wasn’t registering him staring at her by the eyes not staring back at him and seemed averted to avoid looking at him. He continued to stare at Niya as she cried followed by her wiping her eyes and face with her sleeves of her jacket and shutting her eyes which he saw a range of emotions on her face sensing she was dreaming of something as her hands nails felt dug into his front. He continued to eye her as she formed a peaceful look on her face and sensed she had fully fallen asleep. He lowered his form and avoided touching her face and cheek due to sensing it was still wet by her crying and shut his eyes. 
He exhaled a breath as Niya he sensed woke up and spoke “I chose Eric as my mate.” 
Eric opened his eyes and heard her sound distracted by the voice tone followed by her again speaking still sounding distracted “So what if Eric hasn’t yet proven to have loyalty to me? I don’t care anyway! I’m going with Eric period!”
He raised his head and stared at Niya who he saw was looking off her left which he looked seeing no one there but heard her speaking again “I don’t give a care! It was obvious that Nikolas belonged to Raisa judging by an image of her appearing threatening flashing in my mind whenever I mated with him and Merra’s attitude towards me due to that the she’s Raisa’s mother.”
He continued to hear after a pause “Don’t tell me you didn’t know this bit anyway! Raisa is Merra’s daughter and I’m not kidding on that bit! So ask Merra about that and she’ll confirm it period!”
He shifted to look at Niya still looking off her left with a glare on her face followed by her again speaking “Hah figured out everything didn’t you, Georgina?” 
He stiffened at the name of Georgina as Niya continued talking “I figured out everything after Nikolas told me his confession so figure it out yourself and leave me alone with Eric who’s my mate period.” 
He heard an Hmph from Niya who looked back at him shutting her eyes followed by hearing a male voice sounding in his mind “Your majesty wake up please its important.” 
He blinked his eyes jerking his head up to discover he was actually asleep and opened his eyes removing himself from Niya sensing she still asleep and not inclined to wake up which he got up from the bed and went to the door to glare at the guard who scanned his mind. 
He mentally spoke “This better be good.” 
He heard from the guard mentally “While you were out asleep for three suns his Excellency President Nikolas ordered a meeting at the stadium at the second sun of your sleep. The thing is one of the rulers identified as a Felidae named Eno leader of the Felidae said that he prophesied that Americania will be dissolved. President Nikolas tried to get Eno to explain this prophecy but Eno wouldn’t listen to the his Excellency instead kept repeating his words over and over and did the same to others who asked to explain his words. The crowds’ reaction to the prophesied talk started saying the war chant of Ay Kabaiya till it was apparent Eno wasn’t listening to anyone and kept repeating his words which is when the crowd started throwing insults aimed at him along with calling for his execution. We did some checking and found out that the majority of the people in the stadium were actually not Americanian natives and they were the ones who called for Eno’s execution. His Excellency had Eno escorted out of the stadium by his own guards and said to order Eno to be kicked out of Americania immediately which Eno resisted to that order and is holed up in the Felidae’s headquarters at the moment and is balking people’s requests to come out saying that he’ll do it when he wants to and not when people say it to him.” 
Eric folded his arms narrowing his eyes as the guard continued mental talk “The Felidaes at the first resisted having Eno come out of their headquarters but now their saying that Eno should come out period due to claiming that the Felidae mistakenly thought some prophecy involving the death of a Felidae was Americania dissolving and believing it whole heartily instead of realizing it was his own death he saw.  They claim that Eno wants Americania destroyed hence he saying his prophecy in the stadium and appearing to have a closed mind to anyone trying to talk to him and that he should be executed as a result due to that President Nikolas presented another reason why Americania must be alive period something that popped up abruptly after Eno was escorted out.”
He kept his arms folded as the guard paused to gulp from the throat appearing to look like it then continued mentally speaking “Actually there was a cold storm hitting some suns ago during the night. Many of the people reported saying that there was a giant eater ball hovering over the city wall along with objects seen coming from it. They managed to find wreckage of some vehicle identified as a sky ship on the ground near the city wall and that there were no survivors of the explosion that the Humans are dubbing it. Now to get to the point a servant belonging to a group dubbed High Council appeared in a flash of light right in the stadium after the crowd calmed down and appeared to fall to the ground unconscious which medics say he’s dead period. The crowd’s reaction was to erupt in insults aimed at the High Council till his Excellency calmed them down by yelling at them that the High Council is a group of war who’ll wreck up Terrania if their not in peace with each other along with yelling that the only way for Terranians to be in peace is as long as the nation of Americania is still standing which the crowd and the rulers agreed with him by verbally saying that they agree.”
He continued to glare at the guard who added mentally “Oh his Excellency called for another meeting at the stadium and says that it’ll take place once his majesty the Sun Lord is reportedly no longer indisposed.” 
He bobbed his head aimed at the guard who stopped scanning him which he shut the door quietly and went to Niya to lie his form on top of her and stared at her asleep which he exhaled a breath and settled himself down on her and shut his eyes. He came to sensing Niya’s hand rubbing his head which he jerked open his eyes raising his head up to stare at her seeing affection in her eyes. He examined her face and gently kissed her on the lips while feeling her hand touching his cheek who kissed him back. 
He heard the door open followed by his mind scanned and heard spoken loudly “Its time to leave now.” 
Eric broke off the kiss to get up from Niya pulling her up which she didn’t resists to that and took her arm while putting on the mask and escorted her to the car. He sat inside with her on his lap and held her close to him while eyeing the scenery outside as the car went to the stadium. He got out and felt Niya’s hand on his arm which they both entered the stadium followed by familiar guard which inside he didn’t comment a response to the audience applauding sounding cheery to him. 
Eric stood with arms folded next to Nikolas who spoke “Bring that fool out now!”
He heard taunting noises from the crowd as a Felidae arrived escorted by Highlander guards wearing the presidential guard uniform which he glared at the Felidae sensing he was Eno himself. 
He saw Eno pull out a handgun that was hidden on his form and saw the guards dart towards him seeing the gun fire and felt Niya’s grip on his arm become no more which he caught her to see she was bleeding on her chest to scream mentally “Don’t take her from me please!”
He continued to scream mentally as he felt pain hit his foot ignored it and then stiffened as water poisoning was felt, felt himself slipping towards the ground Niya dropping from his arms as he heard a roaring sound followed by a screaming sound in a Felidae’s voice tone along with a Drainer feeding sound heard as he hit the ground going unconscious. 

Eric came to with a jerk opening his eyes finding himself lying in bed stripped of his clothes and wearing just his underwear shorts while feeling a bandage around his left foot which he recalled the memory of Niya shot mentally groaned to himself. He rolled over with night vision in his eyes to stare with shock Niya lying on the bed breathing sensed and still alive with a peaceful look on her face as she slept. He felt tears flow from his eyes placed his head on Niya’s pillow forehead leaning against the side of Niya’s head and a hand on her front which he shut his eyes and felt himself relieved to have Niya back to him felt himself passing out unconscious. 

Eric woke up with a jerk sensing daylight sensing the bandage was gone from his foot and a familiar irritant hitting him got up from the bed to hit the bathroom slamming the door loudly. He came out to find Niya sitting up in bed wearing her nightgown rubbing a hand on her chest with some frown on her face. He went around the bed and stripped himself of his underwear shorts then got on his gloves and gave a watching Niya a glare which he pointed a finger at the bed. He glared as Niya got up taking off her nightgown and put it away then got onto the bed which he got onto it settling his form on top of her. 
He eyed her chest to rub gloved hands all over it not sparing her breasts to hear from her “The sky ship’s Shadonia and Humans that came in the past? One of them a Human turns out to be some kind of medical nut shared medical advances from books he had to the hospital which he passed down his interests to his offspring who thought of several new procedures for keeping people alive especially when the heart organ was destroyed.” 
He didn’t sign a comment as Niya continued to talk “The medical procedure that saved my life was called organ donation. They used the heart organ of a female Human that passed away from being caught in some cold storm and implanted it in me replacing my destroyed heart organ which I’m still alive as a result.” 
He looked at Niya in the eyes that still showed affection in them to feel her hand rubbing his cheeks which he shut his eyes from that. He felt himself needing to mate opened his eyes and brought gloved hands on Niya’s sides while entering Niya and exhaled a breath feeling charges of pleasure hitting him from each time he entered her while thrusting. He shook from an intense charge of pleasure hitting him as he spilled himself inside Niya who gave up a soft moan sound with eyes still open showing affection in them. His senses blared warning which made him look away up at the ceiling at a corner to see a familiar object he recognized as a camera dome with a red dot in it and glared with eyes narrowed aimed at it. His senses stopped blaring and then he changed his expression to stare back at Niya giving her a smile and lowered his face to kiss her on the lips feeling her accepting him doing it. 
He heard a knocking sound on the bedroom door which he broke off the kiss and heard from Niya as the noises stopped “That’s cue for guard speak to get up and out of bed.”
Eric didn’t sign a comment pulled out of Niya and got up from bed to go to his dresser which he took off his gloves then put on his clothes and boots then walked out sensing her following him. He went to the dining table and took his time eating his food and drinking his drink. He went to the couch and sat hearing door slamming sounds in the room along with a click sound with his senses blaring that made him get up from the couch to look around. He saw three male Humans with various hair lengths but identical faces he recognized as Lam, Nico and Terris looking at him and at each other. 
He eyed Terris who spoke “That Wiser must have seen something bad or he wouldn’t have us here with you Eric.” 
He recognized the language as Basic the international language heard from his guard “Excuse me gentlemen but His Majesty the Sun Lord who you refer as Eric has no ability to verbalize his words and depends on both hand language and mind scanning for talking to people.”
He continued to eye Terris who spoke in response “yah so? I don’t have a problem with that anyway.” 
He looked at Nico and Lam who gave up similar agreements and bobbed his head in response which he glared at his guard who looked at him feeling his mind scanned. 
Eric mentally spoke while moving his hands in sign language “See that their given quarters to stay in along with a change of clothes and nourishment. I expect them to be treated as they wanted to be treated despite their purposes for them being here.” 
He got a head bob from the guard who looked away and heard a door opening sound followed by a female voice speaking “Gentlemen please come with me now.” 
He eyed the three men leave the quarters following the female Highlander out and got from Niya sounding angry at the guard “The quarters better not be the brig.”
He glared at the guard who looked at Niya he sensed and spoke verbalizing “Their fluent in hand language from mind scans anyway. Besides I do know what they are due to my predecessor leaving very clear details of their importance should they come to be in His Majesty’s hands.” 
He looked at Niya who looked at him and she spoke “Those three who are they?”
He signed to her “Their power source of my planetary powers which I tap in to help control powers whenever I need to activate them.” 
Eric got in response was a double take look from Niya along with her speaking “Argh why didn’t you say that when you first had those powers in the first place?”
He signed “Sorry wasn’t sure how the Terranians would react towards those three being what they are to me and very important worth kept alive.” 
He got nothing from Niya in response but her glaring at him which he heard screaming sounds spun in a circle and heard her speaking “Eric?”
He ignored her and kneeled and again saw the familiar watery view with night vision in his eyesight and saw clear in his mind a satellite view of multiple asteroids of various sizes heading towards Terrania and mentally ordered the weapons and shields to activate. He kept an eye on the asteroids to see some of them crumble up when hitting the planet’s shield boundary while others slipped through which he mentally ordered weapons to fire seeing fire balls hitting the asteroids slipping past the planet’s shield. He felt the asteroids seemed lengthy judging by them continuing on arriving kept up the weapons’ fire. Eric grimaced as pain arrived hitting him abruptly which went away followed by again grimacing as two other pain spurts were felt till he felt himself sleepy felt himself passing out unconscious to float above his body slipping to the floor. Eric watched as a Wiser appeared from hidden state to grab himself and held himself up while appearing to be speaking words which Niya came into view to kneel hugging himself as the Wiser held him up. Eric again felt himself back into his body feeling renewed strength hitting him opened his eyes and again saw the watery view which he sensed the weapons were still firing but were shooting aimlessly all over the sky which he mentally aimed them at the asteroids and continued to keep them aimed destroying asteroids in the process. Eric continued to eye the asteroids which the end of them arrived and the back edge crumbled up hitting Terrania’s shield which he heard the screaming stop mentally ordered the weapons to stand down along with the shield then he shut his eyes and sagged feeling Niya holding him in a hug and felt himself passing out unconscious. 

Eric came to finding himself lying in bed stripped of his clothes leaving him naked which he opened his eyes finding a lamp was on and the window shade he eyed wasn’t glowing. He heard a door opening sound looked in the direction to see Niya come out of the bathroom carrying clothes in her hands that were looking down at the floor not noticing him awake. He eyed Niya who put away the clothes and then turned towards the bed meeting his eyes and doing a double take look before stripping herself of the nightgown and thrusting it in the dresser’s drawer and getting onto the bed and onto him to kiss him on the lips while having hands on his cheeks. He sensed his hands were bare kept them to himself as he moved his lips kissing Niya back. He didn’t protest as Niya broke off the kiss to adjust her position till she was straddling him which he licked his lips eyeing her naked form before eyeing her in the eyes. 
He frowned as she spoke “Alright Eric those three batteries of yours got shorted out and collapsed which a Wiser arrived and told the guards to hold you and those three up and keep doing that till the danger had passed.”
He stared at Niya with a frown on his lips as she continued talking “The doctor tested the batteries and said that their food diet was reason why they collapsed and that they needed to eat better along with doing some physical exercises to keep up their physical fitness which he says would help them with the job of being batteries.” 
He bobbed his head in response sensing Niya wasn’t fully saying something signed that comment to her and narrowed his eyes aimed at her to hear her sigh loudly. 
He folded his arms as she spoke “Well after you did your planetary job and passed out the guard told me in the Wiser’s presence that he suspects I’m some kind of battery a power source to your planetary powers. At first when he told me that I didn’t believe it till the Wiser asked about anyone having planetary powers before you which I remembered someone Georgina identified as her father having them and what happened when he activated them when she was hugging him.”
He frowned as Niya paused to give off a groan sound then continued to talk “I recalled Georgina wound up thrown from her father activating the planetary powers and that includes the shield forming around him and that happened to others having hands on him as well. This thrown thing I mentioned to the guard and Wiser was confirmed by the guard saying he saw it happen to the Wiser after the shield formed around you but I wasn’t thrown despite hugging you which proves this battery status.” 
He didn’t sign a comment frown to shift eyes towards the window if drawn to see an outline of a hidden Zeskaya in the direction holding a sword out and appeared to look threatening as Niya abruptly collapsed onto him appearing to be asleep. He saw the Zeskaya appear to aim the sword at Niya’s neck which he twisted his form and hers till she was underneath him while continuing to eye the Zeskaya with a glare who moved position till the male form was on the other side of the bed. 
Eric heard words sounding in his mind repeatedly in a compelling tone “Sleep, sleep.”
He shook his head and collapsed onto Niya mindful of his clawed hands and shut his eyes to pass out unconscious to dream of an eye sight point of view behind the Zeskaya reached with a clawed hand similar to his and scratched the male on the back digging claws into him. He watched through the eyes sight as the Zeskaya gave up a loud groaning sound and appeared from hidden state to fall hitting the floor going unconscious. Eric watched as the eyes sight eyed himself lying on top of Niya before focusing on her and saw a hand gloved reached towards her to rub her forehead that gave up an hmm sound but remained asleep. He continued to watch as the eyes sight focused on him which he sensed anger hitting and continued to see as the male he assumed went towards him appearing to bring hands both gloved onto his back and then the view went black. 

Eric came to feeling a hand shaking his shoulder while sensing clothes on his form he figured was the Sun Lord uniform and felt himself seated in a chair with restraints on him judging by not able to move. He sensed his hooded mask was covering his head and his head was bowed while feeling the hand’s shaking on his shoulder became more insisted. Eric got an image of Emperor Palin the current one with a glare on his face standing with Kaddar guards next to him appearing to be eyeing something then the image went away. He frowned to raise his head opening his eyes to see what he saw in his mind was reality as he stared at Emperor Palin narrowing his eyes as the ruler appeared to have some angry look on his face. Eric felt his mind scanned kept it blank as he looked around the room to spot several of his own guards were in the vicinity of the room he saw was the brig and standing nearby the Emperor with guards. 
He kept his mind blank as he heard a sneering voice sound loudly “We will discuss how you came to acquire the planetary powers and we expect you to cooperate or else.” 
He recognized the voice belonging to one of his own guards kept his mind blank as he glared at Emperor Palin who spoke sounding annoyed “I think its best to scan his mind by touch to figure out how he acquired them. The reason should be clearly seen in his mind anyway.” 
He didn’t flinch as part of the hooded mask was removed baring only his face which he formed a glare and narrowed his eyes while glaring at the ruler who didn’t seem to flinch from the look. He continued to glare as he jerked while feeling a hand cold touching his cheek along with headache of mind scanned persisted. Eric saw clearly in his mind a whip with a black background flash including lightening flashing as the hand jerked itself from his cheek while hearing a loud groaning sound of pain. 
He continued to glare at the Emperor as a male voice sounding like his own guards spoke “Argh Merra and her mate Tank are currently scanning him at the moment hence they able to keep me out judging by them giving me pain.”
Eric’s senses blared telling him the guard was hiding something when talking his words refrained from thinking it in his mind instead kept it blank as the headache continued. 
He glared at the Emperor who spoke “Fine let me do this myself. I can handle those two stinking plants and their tricks.” 
Eric eyed the Emperor who took a step forwards only to get hands on his shoulders by his Kaddar guards halting his walk which both were looking at him and shaking their heads in a Human no gesture which he sensed that they disagreed with his words.  
He continued to glare as the Emperor spoke sounding annoyed “I’m your Emperor you obey me period. I can handle the plants and their tricks-“
He heard the ruler interrupted by a guard speaking in Oceanan him understanding the words “No please do not do this, Emperorship. I insist you don’t do it and I’m begging you not to do this period.” 
He saw the Emperor turn sideways to glare at a guard who continued speaking “Merra you can handle due to knowing her but her mate Tank? It’s still a mystery on what his motives are and his thinking. Besides Tank has given us the impression that he’s very violent when he doesn’t get things he wants to happen his way and that violent attitude is seemingly very bad from what we got from him communicating to us.”
Eric felt the headache stop and with a jerk forced the restraints to come undone off him and stood up as the Kaddar guards yanked out handguns pointing it at him which he in response folded his arms keeping his face bared while refraining from charging towards the Emperor despite feeling like doing it. He glared at Emperor Palin who looked in his direction with some look in the Highlander’s eyes that made him think it was fear which he refrained from smirking instead kept the glare on his face. 
Eric heard in response from one of his own guards “Emperorship is there anything else to be done towards his Majesty or this interrogation is over?”
He eyed Emperor Palin who spoke sounding nervous “Nothing will be done now.  Mark my words Sun Lord I will find out how you acquired those powers of yours and will do what it takes to get them removed from you into my person, that I oath period.” 
He raised a hand fisted and felt his mind scanned which he mentally spoke hearing his words spoken verbally by a guard “You forget Emperor that my Sun Lord position outranks your Emperor titled position including any other leadership position held in Terrania. I rule all of Terrania as planetary leader under my control. Don’t even forget it whether you achieve having those powers or not.” 
He unclenched his hand and yanked the hooded mask to cover his face and folded his arms sensing the headache of his mind stopped as he continued to stare at Emperor Palin. 
He heard from the ruler in response “You have a weakness Sun Lord and I believe that is the Mistress herself which I know you’ll do anything to keep her alive from suffering the loss of a mate. Believe me Sun Lord you’ll do anything even giving up your planetary leadership duties to keep her alive to live another day which will be done easily once I order it.”
Eric unfolded his arms and in a quick speed move shocking him charged towards the Emperor and found himself grabbing the ruler by the jacket and lifting the male up to dangle his feet while sensing gun points poking him and Kaddar guards speaking in Oceanan demanding for him to put Palin down or be shot repeatedly. He glared at Emperor Palin who showed a fear look in his eyes as he slowly lowered the ruler down to the floor and finding his lowering blocked let go of the Highlander who appeared to gulp while standing facing him. Eric felt the gun points continued poking him as he raised his hands in a surrender gesture while glaring at Emperor Palin who still showed the fear look in his eyes along with repeated gulping movements. 
He heard a Kaddar guard speaking “Shall I shoot him for this unacceptable behavior towards you Emperorship?”
He continued to glare at Emperor Palin who showed fear before the ruler spoke sounding nervous “Guards that’s not necessary so stand down now and escort me out. My business here is done.” 
He felt the gun points stopped poking him and watched as the Emperor still having fear displayed left the room escorted by four Kaddar guards who didn’t spare him a glance till they were out of sight. 
He heard from his own guard mentally “Someone did something to your mind your majesty to keep the information on certain things from being seen and found due to what I sensed scanning you and hearing some kind of roaring noise before being hit with pain making me stop touching you.” 
He kept his mind blank in response as the guard continued his chatter “I suspect that this mind walker isn’t the plants themselves due to that they always leave some kind of footprint in minds of people whenever they do manipulating which I didn’t sense in your mind when scanning you for the information.” 
He didn’t comment a response as Niya came into the cell pushed by Kaddar guards which he felt himself annoyed to see them. He hugged Niya who hugged him back looking like she was ill to him which he figured she was poisoned. 
He glared at the Kaddar guards as the Emperor came into view looking like he was glaring who spoke “I suggest you sign that form or the Mistress dies from the poison injected into her.” 
He felt Niya’s hug hold become limp sensed she had fallen unconscious as a Kaddar guard held up a pad with a paper attached along with a pen. Eric kissed Niya on the forehead despite the mask on and with such force aimed his hands towards her head thinking that he’ll kill her instead only to get the sound of water splashing while sensing his clothes were off his form and he was lying on a bed that felt old and familiar to him. Eric jerked open his eyes seeing nothing but whiteness hitting him along with feeling the breathing device was gone from him. He exhaled a breath and inhaled smelling water scents along with some oldness scents to him along with the water splashing sounds kept on coming for it sounded like someone was walking in the water. He listened cocking his head as a loud growl sound was heard reminding him of a Drainer as he was forcefully lifted up by hands and carried which he sensed belonged to a Drainer. He didn’t comment a response finding his no talking ability would be useless to him as the Drainer carried him walking through the water then he smelled fresh air then clanging sounds of footsteps slapping on metal. He continued to listen as he was carried listening to the sounds and heard gibberish spoken by the Drainer along with additional gibberish spoken by alien voices that made him think that they were Rakcar. He felt the Drainer place him in a seat along with restraining him into it and felt a familiar object placed over his head along with passing out to come to finding himself naked on a dry dirt field that told him he was hooked up to the Rakcar’s machines again. 
Eric heard a male voice speak “Bring him to me.” 
He quickly got up with a fast move to find nine naked Humans five males and four females came up to him grabbing which he resists only to hear them using their voices in some odd tone telling him not to resist which he found himself obeying to his annoyance as they carried him to a Rakcar wearing a hooded robe with Shadonian eyes. He felt himself forced into a kneeling pose while still struggling in the grips of the people as the Rakcar removed hands from the sleeves and reached for him which the view went black. 

Eric found himself lying on a floor with rages still in control while hearing a groaning sound nearby that sounded in a familiar voice. He crawled towards the groaner to reach a figure he felt from the touch was a Zeskaya and got urges to lift him up which he obeyed along with urges to walk forwards in a direction as he got an image of a place flashing in his mind. He obeyed to hear Niya’s voice exclaim his name along with screaming sounds heard in his mind. He dropped the Zeskaya along with feeling Niya hugging him whom he forced them both to kneel and saw clearly in his mind a satellite view of Terrania that shifted to focus elsewhere while appearing to be staring at a direction which he watched as an asteroid arrived into view appearing to be heading towards Terrania. He mentally ordered shields to form over the planet along with weapons active and fisted his hands feeling them on his sides waiting and watching as the asteroid reached the planet’s boundary and slipped through the shields which he mentally ordered the weapons to fire seeing them hitting the asteroid repeatedly all over and kept on firing till the asteroid crumbled up into dirt mist which he mentally ordered weapons to stand down and the same to the shield as the screaming stopped. He leaned against Niya holding him and shut his eyes feeling himself needing to sleep but felt urged not to do it. Eric felt hands on his face around his nose which he sensed the breathing device’s tubes going into his nostrils and breathed deeply through the tubes sensing his rages going away and opened his eyes finding his eyes clear as he found himself staring at Niya in the eyes seeing she looked upset by the expression on her face. Eric stared at Niya with a frown as he felt the breathing device forced into his hand which he gripped and continued to stare at her. 
He heard from a guard sounding in his mind “Your copy twin didn’t fool the Mistress who kept claiming he wasn’t you despite us not believing her. Oh I warn you that Emperor Palin didn’t believe her either and had him sign some document giving him planetary control of Terrania just to keep the Mistress alive from claiming she was poisoned. Unfortunately word out on the street just prior to the signing is that someone identity still unknown spread a rumor saying that the Sun Lord would do anything to keep the Mistress alive even giving up his planetary ruler ship duties due to that before he and the Mistress met he had a female who passed away who’s death hurt him pretty badly mentally and he doesn’t want to go through that again hence his do anything attitude.” 
Eric frowned hearing that as the guard continued talking “Oh after your copy twin signed the document one of the Kaddar guards arrived and told the Emperor of the rumor which your copy twin shredded the form and was shot in the chest knocking him unconscious. The Emperor ordered your copy twin stripped of his clothes and water poisoned in the brig by the overhead water pipes which were carried out and he’s dead from it from the looks of it. The water volume from the looks of it poisoning your copy twin shredded his body and now there’s nothing left but some liquid form that is slowly being drained away into the liquid exit pipe.” 
He sensed the guard’s talk stop along with Niya’s hugging him become tighter along with her head on his shoulder which he looked at a guard who scanned his mind and he mentally spoke “What’s going on with Emperor Palin anyway? I’m surprised that he’s displaying this attitude.” 
He got from the guard speaking mentally “From the looks of Emperor Palin and his attitude it appears someone perhaps a mind walker triggered something within his mind to make him act like his predecessor with the same name which I suspect he has memories of that Emperor fully in his mind hence the way he’s acting.”
Eric exhaled a breath through his mouth as the guard continued speaking mentally “Oh another thing is we caught a guard slipping poison in His Excellency President Nikolas’s hand through syringe after His Excellency stopped by the headquarters with a problem we saw clearly in his mind despite the mask off his face. The guard in question from forced mind scans was a saboteur who wanted Americania dissolved and he was executed after his mind was scanned completely. As for President Nikolas the poison only knocked him out unconscious from doctor scans due to that he’s got some kind of immunity to that poison that turns out to be the same poison Legendians give off and he was given a shot of the antidote.”
He didn’t comment a response as the guard continued chattering “His Excellency through mind scans indicated that a Wiser warned him of a Zeskaya attempting to cut off his head and kill him while he was in office talking to Emperor Palin which he hid in his private room to avoid that. He came out after one of the guards announced Emperor Palin’s arrival and demands to talk to him which he saw a Zeskaya in hidden state try to attack him but managed to knock out the assassin unconscious. Emperor Palin then accused him of being a mind walker due to saying that he had shield blocks of one in his mind from trying to scan him which His Excellency avoided answering to the ruler’s accusation instead ordered him out of the room. His Excellency’s guard about two of them arrived into the room and called him an imposter and tried to shoot him which he avoided their projectiles from the weapons and darted into the private room only to get transported to your home by a Zeskaya doing it to him. His Excellency at the moment is currently asleep in the lobby zealously guarded by triplet Drainers who arrived soon after he was knocked out and from the Drainers’ attitudes they seemed to see President Nikolas as someone very important to them hence they keeping the guards from going near him and only allowing a doctor to scan him with a device but kept the medic from touching him.” 
Eric looked away hearing Niya speaking his name which he looked at her sensing the mind scanning stopped. 
He heard from Niya sounding annoyed “Shouldn’t you be in bed resting?”
He exhaled a breath hearing that got up and didn’t protest as she grabbed his arm and pulled him out of the room into the bedroom and his arm was let go. He went to his dresser to put on his gloves and pajama pants and clipped the breathing device to his pant’s waist after adjusting the tubes to go around his ears and the tubes in his nose and got into bed feeling Niya place the blankets on top of him up to his chest. He eyed Niya who leaned down putting a hand on his cheek bringing charges of pleasure hitting him as she kissed him fully on the lips. He kissed back in response and then shivered as she broke off the kiss and removed her hand while forcing his eyes shut and he passed out unconscious only to come to feeling hands stroking his sensitive part. He jerked open his eyes to see Niya naked straddling him and stroking his sensitive part bared from the pajama pants and rubbing it in her hands. He reached his gloved hands up towards Niya’s breasts and fondled them sensing her not protesting to that as she removed her hands which he shivered from the loss of her touch. He removed his hands from her breasts to put them on her hips and felt her hands on his shoulders along with his sensitive part entering her and rolled his eyes from charges of pleasure hitting him each time he entered her. Eric spilled himself inside Niya and shook from the intense charge of pleasure hitting him as she collapsed on top of him while giving off a loud moaning sound. He felt himself still hard opened his eyes and rolled them both over him on top Niya on her back with no protest from her. Eric again did thrusting into Niya while staring at her in the face seeing her eyes were shut and there was a pleasant expression on her face seeing she was enjoying what he was doing to her. He again felt the familiar intense feelings hitting him as he thrust inside her and with a jerk spilled himself while collapsing on top of her. Eric exhaled a breath to feel Niya’s hands rubbing his head fingers running through his hair which he raised himself to eye her in the face seeing her eyes were open with a familiar look of affection in them. He smiled at Niya not baring his teeth and placed his gloved hands underneath her back while still staring at her in the eyes as her hands traveled to his face. He shut his eyes feeling himself happy from the feel of Niya’s hands on his cheeks as she kissed him on the lips which he kissed her back seemingly lengthy. He inhaled a breath as she broke off the kiss to place her hands he felt on the back of his neck which he opened his eyes and stared at her. 
He heard from Niya “I wasn’t fooled by the copy twin pretending to be you and that’s due to my senses giving me a familiar feeling of disgust whenever I laid eyes on him and the feeling wouldn’t go away no matter how many times I looked.”
He exhaled a breath through his mouth as Niya continued speaking “That personal guard of yours later admitted to me via mind talk that he wasn’t fooled from mind scans of the copy twin indicating he wasn’t you due to not finding that familiar footprint he claims you have from having planetary powers within you. The guard managed to get a hold of a Zeskaya known as Akihito around here that’s been seen hanging around Kossman heard pestering him with various questions of his species. Akihito didn’t give off a protest as he was ordered to find you off planet which he did and came back with you carrying him through a bedroom doorway him appearing to be shot in the chest from some kind of weapon that wasn’t found to be from a projectile gun from the hospital examining him. Akihito at the moment is doing alright with some surgery that fixed the damage only happened to his ribs and is currently recovering at the hospital.”
He exhaled another breath and forced himself to breathe deeply through the tubes in his nose as Niya continued talking “You were out for two suns straight till I got urges to mate with you and let the feeling control me enough to want to mate with you asleep which I’m glad you woke up while I was in the middle of doing that ritual.”
He smiled at Niya in response and rubbed her back with his hands as she smiled at him in response and then she shut her eyes and sensed her fallen asleep which he stared at her in the face memorizing everything about it. Eric gently pulled out of Niya removing her hands from him sensing she had passed out unconscious due to her not protesting to his movements. He rolled onto right side and adjusted the pants covering his sensitive part and found the breathing device was in its familiar spot between the pillows. He pulled Niya onto her side wrapping arms around her and rubbed his chin on her forehead and shut his eyes feeling like needing to sleep and passed out unconscious.    

Eric came to sensing sunlight blaring on him opened his eyes to roll over to glare at the window to see the shade was up and a familiar plant was there on the window still outside. He exhaled a breath and got up sensing a familiar feeling which made him look up to spot the familiar camera dome was there with red light and went to his dresser sensing Niya wasn’t in the room and gone from the bed. Eric exchanged clothes to the uniform and left the bedroom to find Niya seated at the table taking in nourishment as in appearing to be lost in thought from her slow taking in. He went to the table spotting food and liquid for him and sat gobbling up the food while noticing Niya do a double take look and looked at his direction with affection in her eyes. Eric forced himself to take a sip of the drink then gulped it down once his senses told him it was safe to do so. He once done taking in nourishment leaned back staring at Niya who ate her food taking her time while still staring back at him still having affection in her eyes. He frowned as Niya once done eating gulped her drink then got up and went to him which he stood up and was hugged by her. He felt himself happy shut his eyes feeling charges of pleasure hitting him along with Niya’s hand on his cheek as he pushed it onto her hand and didn’t complain as she kissed him on the lips which he kissed her back in response along with putting his hands on her back gently rubbing the area.  He heard the familiar screaming sound stiffened and broke off the kiss to force himself and Niya to kneel while opening his eyes seeing the familiar watery view as he saw a satellite view of a familiar ship orbiting Terrania he recognized belonging to the High Council. 
Eric bared his teeth in a glare as he mentally ordered weapons and shield to be active then mentally spoke “I’ll destroy you if you attempt to land.” 
He got in response the familiar image of the High Council and a male Highlander voice speaking “To whom is speaking these words to us?”
He mentally spoke “It is I Sun Lord ruler of this world for it’s my domain and you High Council with your propaganda is not welcome so be gone now.”   
Eric glared at the warship as he became silent and jerked as the satellite view went blue which he got an image of the purple sky focusing on something and saw the High Council’s ship come into view appearing to be heading towards land. He mentally ordered weapons to fire seeing them hit the ship all over as it descended towards land. Eric heard gibberish spoken in a male tone sounding firm only to hear a familiar female voice sounding in the same tone in identical gibberish till the ship he saw in his mind exploded bursting into pieces. He heard the screaming continue to his annoyance as he felt urge to cease firing which he obeyed but kept the shield up. Eric narrowed his eyes as he sensed the ship’s people were aboard the ship had passed away from it and continued to sense one of them had escaped as the screaming continued. He kept his eyes narrowed as a male voice sounded then a female voice sounded he not understanding their words till the screaming sounding in his mind stopped and he ordered the shield down then shut his eyes feeling himself passing out unconscious. 

Eric dreamed of himself opening his eyes and staring at Niya while feeling himself with unlimited energy running through him. He got up from the floor as Niya did the same only to get her ordering him to kneel in some angry voice tone which he stared at her to see a glare on her face. Eric dreaming obeyed staring at Niya who put hands on his cheeks rubbing them then forced him to get up by her ordering it. He felt himself annoyed with her behavior glared at Niya who ordered him into the bedroom which he stepped aside away from her in response only to hear her declare wanting to mate with him. He heard from a guard saying that a male does what a female says after she makes a declaration of mating to him. Eric without a word obeyed going into the bedroom to strip himself of his clothes and put on his gloves which he glared at Niya who was naked like he was. He signed to her that he was taking the top position and folded his arms with his eyes narrowed in a glare. He saw Niya obey getting onto the bed which he got onto it on top of her and kissed her on the neck along with trailing kisses down to her breasts only to get a hand grabbing his hair yanking his head away from her then pain. Eric saw as if floating next to the bed a Zeskaya holding his head that appeared to be cut from body as darkness arrived. 

Eric woke up with a jerk opening his eyes and forcing himself to sit up while hearing a loud gasp. He sensed night vision in his eyesight along with a familiar sense feeling that told him he was being filmed he assumed. He felt hands on his arm looked to see Niya who blindly felt him which he panted gasping for breath through his mouth as she brought her hands onto his face not breaking her touch on him. He felt one of Niya’s hands cover his mouth forcing it shut as he didn’t protest to that forced himself to breathe through his nose as her hands settled on his cheeks. He reached for Niya putting her on his lap and wrapped arms around her holding her tightly against him with the contents of the dream running through him. He breathed deeply through the tubes in his nose while staring at Niya who didn’t say a word just kept her hands on him. He gently lowered himself backwards onto the bed while still having a hold on Niya. He exhaled a breath and shut his eyes feeling himself needing to sleep as once again the contents of his dream played in his mind and felt himself passing out unconscious. 

Eric came to sensing sunlight blaring onto him. He jerked open his eyes to see the window shade was open with Waker on the window still outside. He sat up sensing Niya was gone from the bed and the room and noticed the door was shut which he got up with a frown. He felt himself confused as to the dream to mentally call for Merra. He got an image of a plant in a pot flashing in his mind along with a headache which he focused his eyes to see the familiar plant was on the large size and in the corner of the room. Eric stared at the plant seeing it resembled Merra herself from the looks of it. 
He mentally spoke “What’s going on with that dream?”
He stared at the plant and felt compelled to walk to it and touch it barehanded which he obeyed finding himself clad in only his underwear shorts. He went to the plant and kneeled touching it and saw clearly in his mind Kossman arguing with a Zeskaya the male was referring as Kossen his son. He saw in his mind Kossman telling off Kossen to leave Eric alone despite Eric himself being responsible for the death of his human body and walking away from the Zeskaya who he heard mentally spoke some comment that he’ll see that Eric will die period. 
He stiffened hearing that as he got an eyesight view of his back and heard words sounding like Merra “Peace not war.” 
Eric let go of the plant’s frond got up to see an outline which he eyed it staring at the Zeskaya in the eyes while folding his arms. 
He mentally spoke “Something I can do for you?”
Eric heard in response the words “Sleep, sleep.” 
He felt sleepiness mentally spoke while seeing the Zeskaya raise an arm with an outline of a sword attached “Niya help me.” 
Eric heard in response as he fell asleep passing out unconscious “You die!” 

Eric came to hearing voices which he focused on recognizing one as Kossman’s speaking “I was biding my time before I would confront Eric on what he did to my Human body and getting an explanation for the death of it.” 
He continued to listen sensing his body lying on some bed that suspiciously felt like one of the beds in medical bay while feeling a hand rubbing his forehead. 
He heard Niya’s voice speaking “Spill it Kossman on that now.” 
Eric heard the anger in Niya’s voice sounding she was using some Builder voice tone as Kossman’s voice was heard “Alright I had a Human body which I was known to Eric as his father when I wasn’t. I didn’t correct that father thing to him due to figuring out that the water ship’s mind Anya connected herself to him mentally by the way he sounded to me when I used parental authority over him. I don’t know what happened but his rages controlled him too much which I thought he was going to hurt people had him contained in some cell room. He according to his sister Arielia escaped after he knocked her out when she came into the cell room to see him. Anyway Eric came back as someone else I later learned was referred as Claws and attacked me despite me protesting to it and in the process of the attack killed my Human body.”
He frowned hearing that as Kossman paused followed by a groaning sound then Kossman’s voice was heard again “As for my son Kossen he got me to admit this by scanning my mind by touching me asleep which is something that can happen to Zeskaya by other Zeskaya when their trying to find out information. My son’s reaction was to yell at me that I should have my revenge towards Eric by having him dead which I refused to do that due to Anya somehow got a hold of me and confessed that she was responsible for getting Eric as Claws to target me due to her mental connection was still active when he was Claws. She confessed that she didn’t like my parental authority attitude towards her son due to knowing he wasn’t my son and had him as Claws kill me as a result something she regrets doing and is quite angry at herself for that.”
Eric felt nothing from his body but a feeling of paralysis and unable to open his eyes as he mentally spoke “Hello? What happened to me?”
He felt a headache of his mind scanned and repeated his words only to hear Niya’s voice speaking “Eric, just stay asleep please.” 
He frowned hearing that as Niya’s hand was felt on his forehead gently rubbing while feeling unable to move. 
He heard sounding in his mind “Sleep, sleep.” 
Eric obeyed sensing himself slipping into the darkness to dream of himself walking in the stadium with Niya while wearing his Sun Lord uniform following Nikolas which he reached the golden chair holding a large sized plant in a pot in its seat. Eric turned around as Niya he sensed turned around to face the crowd. He eyed Emperor Palin as if drawn to see the ruler kneel abruptly with green water surrounding the male in some cylinder tube formation. He felt rage hitting him while hearing gasps from the crowd as he noticed the other rulers had fear looks on their faces aimed at Emperor Palin. He glared at the ruler as he heard explosions sounding as the lights turned purple abruptly then the explosions stopped along with the purple color. 
He eyed Emperor Palin who got up from kneeling which he looked at his guard and mentally spoke words verbalized “I am Sun Lord ruler of Terrania for I rule all including you Emperor Palin. You will submit to my ruler ship authority period.” 
Eric looked away to glare at Emperor Palin who had ranges of emotions on his face and eyes as he glared at the ruler. He saw the scene changed to show himself seated in his office with Niya standing next to him. Eric continued to watch as Emperor Palin arrived into the room that appeared to stare at Niya that formed a frown look on her face. 
He got up from the seat and blocked Emperor Palin’s view of Niya while signing “Explain the purpose of your visit Emperor now.”
Eric glared at the Emperor who spoke “I don’t submit to your authority Sun Lord.” 
He signed “Yes you do for I am Sun Lord and I rule all for they are underneath my authority and you as well.” 
He glared as Emperor spoke “I don’t find it amusing that you had to let your anger towards Highlanders control you for killing me.” 
He signed stiffening with recognition running through him “Your Paul not Pavel.”
He folded his arms as the Emperor formed a grimace on his face as he heard from a guard speaking mentally in his mind “The Mistress is kneeling behind you appearing to be in distress by her eyes watering and rocking form.” 
Eric spun around seeing it was what the guard said and picked up Niya who clung to him which he glared at a guard and mentally spoke “Excuse me Emperor.” 
He said nothing else and carried Niya out of the room unstopped as darkness arrived blocking his view and he felt himself passing out unconscious. 

Eric woke up sensing daylight from the window with his eyes opening while sensing a big bandage on his front right over his stomach. He felt himself able to move by his hands coming into his eyesight view which he lowered them and looked around seeing the door to the bedroom was wide open with a guard standing in the doorway sideways looking away from him. Eric felt himself too pained to sit up raised his hands and clapped them loudly which he eyed the guard who looked in his direction that did a double take look before looking away. He halted his clapping as the guard backed up and then Niya burst into view darting towards him with concern on her face. 
He signed to Niya as she paused from walking “What the depths did that Zeskaya do to me and why am I wearing a bandage on my front?”
He lowered his hands to glare at Niya who gave off a loud sigh before she spoke “Alright that Zeskaya in question stabbed his sword through your front into the stomach area due to that it’s rumored that the stab area is where a Zeskaya can die from. Well you survived that and your body in response shut you down leaving only your mind organ and beater active. The doctor says that Legendians are known for having self body healing from injuries except for when their water poisoned. Your body was doing that self body healing but the doctor did have to stitch you up and put that bandage on you due to that the healing was too slow to his standards to prevent you from doing more bleeding.” 
Eric signed as Niya paused “What have the public been told regarding me indisposed?”
He lowered his hands and she spoke “Ah nothing at the moment. The public wasn’t told anything due to President Nikolas announcing through some broadcast that you deserved to have privacy and that the people should do that towards you. We haven’t heard anything negative about that in response to President Nikolas’s announcement except Emperor Palin has been repeatedly trying to get an audience with you which he was told that you were indisposed medically without giving what the medical condition was. Unfortunately Emperor Palin is still insisting on having an audience with you and won’t be put off.” 
Eric threw his hands up in the air and then signed to Niya “What do you think about having Emperor Palin visit me despite me lain down in bed? Perhaps he’ll get it that I’m not well enough to talk to him.”
He frowned as Niya spoke “We already did that while you were out unconscious but Emperor Palin is still insisting on having an audience with you.” 
He signed “Then since I’m awake perhaps I’ll have that audience with him.” 
Eric got a big frown from Niya who shook her head in a Human no gesture as he heard sounding in his mind the words “Sleep, sleep.” 
He jerked shaking his head and shut his eyes feeling annoyed with the voice and mentally spoke “Someone better tell me who’s speaking that voice to me putting me to sleep.” 
He heard nothing in response as he fell unconscious. 

Eric came to sensing daylight blaring onto him whom he jerked open his eyes with a start and felt his front sensing the bandage was gone but felt a scar line on his stomach area that suspiciously reminded him of a Zeskaya sword weapon. He sat up feeling himself not pained to do it as the door opened showing a guard who scanned his mind and then shut the door. Eric heard a groaning sound sounding off his right which he looked to see Niya lying in bed next to him that was rubbing her eyes with her hands. He smiled a smirk and adjusted his position till he was on top of Niya hands on her breasts feeling them through the fabric of her nightgown. 
He heard from Niya as she removed her hands “Nice to see you up and awake Eric but we do have duties that require us out of bed.” 
He didn’t comment a response took one of her hands with his hand and brought it to his cheek then kissed Niya on the lips sensing her not protesting to it. He broke off the kiss and removed Niya’s hand from his cheek which he got up from the bed and put on his uniform and boots then walked out of the bedroom noticing guards having some relieved look in their eyes seeing him. Eric went to the table and sat and found himself terribly hungry gobbled up the food but forced himself to take a sip of the drink which he gulped down finding it wasn’t water then once done leaned back to notice the doctor Ion standing nearby waving a scanner aimed at him. 
He stared at Ion who spoke “Everything checks out nothing serious at the moment but I would have to hold off using the full body internal scanner due to the seriousness of your injury.” 
He frown feeling himself relieved to hear that from memories of that device as Ion continued “I’ll give you a certain time period to recover before using that device onto you for a checkup.” 
He felt his relieved status flattened as he felt annoyance take hold as Ion added “Nothing else I can do here. You’ll be hearing from me again when I’m needed and when its time for that scanner test.” 
He watched the doctor leave and shifted to look at Niya who met his stare with a frown on her face. 
Eric recalled the voice ordering him to sleep signed “Spill it Niya who was that ordering me to sleep just prior to me getting up?”
He formed a glare on his face and saw Niya’s frown become more glaring as she spoke “Eric ask Kossman about that. He was present in the room you appearing to not notice him just prior to you falling asleep on me.” 
He exhaled a breath through his mouth and with a frown got up from the table and went to stand hearing ahem spoken from his guard. 
Eric gave the guard a glare who spoke “There’s a matter of having an audience with Emperor Palin who was told that he will have one with you once you’re cleared medically which he backed off his insisting at the moment.” 
He felt his mind scanned mentally spoke “Where is the Emperor at the moment since I want to meet him in my office?”
He got from the guard “He’s somewhere contained in your home, Your Majesty waiting word for an audience.” 
Eric frowned hearing the words ‘Your Majesty’ from the guard due to him balking on saying the words very much to him. 
He heard from Niya “I’m staying.” 
Eric turned to look at Niya who had a hand covering her mouth while having widen eyes before narrowing her eyes and removing her hand and again repeating her words sounding firm. 
Eric felt himself annoyed heard from a guard sounding in his mind “The Mistress is recalling something quite bad happened to Georgina Visser when she visited Oceana for a coaching job for the Americanian nation and it involves being tortured by Kaddar guards in presence of the Emperor back then.” 
He shifted to stare at Niya who spoke “Alright Eric, Georgina Visser was tortured by Kaddar guards in presence of an Emperor when she visited Oceana during them hosting the World Championships. The Emperor back then had her interrogated on various subjects including how she viewed him. The torture was pretty bad and quite painful and it doesn’t matter whether they pained her body or her mind for it was terrible. The Emperor once done had her wear some armband of an Oceanan seal on it to show that Oceanans were to leave her alone and not declare her a slave. As for Georgina word got to her ear that the other rulers told the Emperor to keep ownership of her while she coached Americanians on their soil despite them having Humans as slavery which was done. The Emperor kept up the ownership till he apparently got fed up with doing it and Georgina was forced to retire from coaching due to that the other rulers’ people would declare her a slave if she was on their soil. She was seen by those rulers as a very valuable Human due to Oceana’s Emperor having ownership of her hence some of the rulers taking her offspring as theirs.”
Eric frowned hearing that as Niya paused to frown which he went to her placing a hand on her shoulder and leaned his face towards her which he met her lips feeling her hand on his cheek. He kissed Niya sensing her kissing him back and with regret broke it off to stare at her as she rubbed his cheek then stopped touching him. Eric gently squeezed her shoulder then let go to turn around and walked out of the quarters taking a route to his office which he sat with hands on the desk his guard he sensed off his right front facing him. Eric glared at the entrance to the room waiting impatiently as the Emperor arrived with four Kaddar guards and saw he had a frown on his face seeing his glare. He pointed a hand at Emperor Palin and lowered the hand changing the glare off his face to a neutral expression. 
Eric waited staring at Emperor Palin who appeared to gulp before speaking in Oceanan he heard “Someone blabbed to me that your seeing me as my predecessor with the same name.” 
He didn’t comment a response kept staring at Emperor Palin till he felt his mind scanned seeing the ruler had eyes narrowed which he mentally spoke “You like me to change my attitude about that hmm?”
He heard in response from Emperor Palin sounding in his mind “I’m not Emperor Pavel Palin despite me having the same name and looks of him and people expecting me to be like him.” 
He mentally spoke still feeling his mind scanned “Interesting what do you expect me to do about it as your ruler and ruler of all Terrania?”
Eric sensed his senses blaring warning continued to stare at Emperor Palin who spoke verbalizing his words in Basic “Its time.” 
Eric jerked as one of the Kaddar guards in a quick move yanked out a hand gun and fired it aiming it at him which he felt a familiar stinging pain of a needle dart injected into his neck above the line where the collar met his face along with sleepiness hitting him. He eyed Emperor Palin that formed a sneering glare look as he passed out unconscious. 

Eric came to hearing a familiar voice feminine speaking in a sneering tone “Emperor Palin I should known that death won’t keep you from being dead.” 
He felt himself lying on a floor while still clad in his clothes and hooded mask covering his head as the Emperor’s voice was heard “Argh Georgina Visser back from the dead and not even mated to that bloody excuse of a Human Nikolas instead paired to this murderer.” 
He stiffened hearing that as Niya’s voice was heard “Murderer? What murder? You blew it Paul by telling him to let you die so that you’ll be reunited with some Human female. This stunt is even on recording Paul so go watch it.” 
He continued to stiffen hearing the name of Paul as the Emperor’s voice was heard “Argh shoot her.” 
He was up instantly onto his feet finding himself in the brig with Emperor Palin and Niya nearby both looking at him while noticing his female was handcuffed while Kaddar had a hand on her shoulders. 
Eric felt annoyance take hold as Emperor Palin spoke “Halt the shoot her order since it got what I wanted you up and awake, Sun Lord.” 
He glared at Emperor Palin who added “Present him with the document I want signed.” 
Eric noticed a Kaddar nearby hold up a clipboard with a piece of paper on it attached and a pen in each hands. 
He shifted to stare at Niya who he noticed was glaring at the Emperor instead of him and heard from her “Your power mad, Paul. What do you plan to do once this stunt gets out that you threatened my life to get Eric to sign some document giving you planetary control?”
Eric looked at Emperor Palin who looked away appearing to be staring at Niya and then the ruler spoke “You better pray that this doesn’t get out or you’ll find yourself dead. I have spies everywhere including among the Sun Lord’s own guards who serve me. All I have to do is give the order once its out and the Sun Lord is without a female and will be till I say he can have one.” 
Eric stiffened hearing that as Niya spoke “Hmph just love to know how you plan to get his planetary protection powers away from him due to you seemingly interested in them.” 
He glared at Emperor Palin who spoke looking at him “Sun Lord you heard me. Just sign the document and your female is fine for now.” 
He signed in response “Well explain you being called Paul instead of Pavel first.” 
He heard from Niya “He wants an explanation of you called Paul instead of Pavel.”
He folded his arms and heard a do it comment from the Emperor while hearing Niya give off a loud groan sound. He eyed Niya who had pain in her eyes and saw one of the Kaddar had a syringe, needle in her neck with contents not going into the area yet. 
He unfolded his arms and took the pen and pad and proceeded to read the document issuing him giving Sun Lord power control to Emperor Pavel Palin and that he’ll be a figurehead despite him having planetary protection powers. Eric jerked as he heard the familiar sleep command words and dropped the pad and pen onto the floor along with seeing it rising up to meet him and felt it on his front which he passed out unconscious. 

Eric came to feeling himself lying in bed with a familiar irritation hitting him. He felt his clothes still on his form along with his boots which he got up and discovered himself in his bedroom and hit the bathroom slamming the door. 

Eric came out finding laser lights were everywhere in the bedroom which he felt annoyed heard from a female voice sounding in his mind “Hidden cannot hide.” 
He eyed the familiar plant to hear her, a female he assumed repeat her words which he walked out of the bedroom to find Emperor Palin there with Kaddar guards among the laser lights and Niya seated in a dining table chair with one of the Kaddar having a syringe in her neck. 
He heard from Emperor Palin “Document is on the table Sun Lord.” 
He went to the table and sat down pulling the paper close to him and read the document finding it the same as before which he signed “How are you supposed to make this legal if this isn’t signed properly? I don’t even know what signature you want me to sign it as.” 
He heard Niya speaking his words saying Eric says as he looked away to glare at Emperor Palin who spoke “Just copy the signature above the dotted line.” 
Eric found the signature in his name below a dotted line which he recalled what the Sun Lord’s position involved from a guard telling him and Niya’s position and why she’s in his life along with treatment from people he grimaced recalling it was nasty and not what he wanted. He grabbed the pen and in a quick move threw it at the Kaddar having a syringe into Niya’s neck who groaned loudly pulling the syringe away from her. He saw the pen hit the male’s shoulder appearing to stick into it like a knife who stepped back handing the syringe towards another Kaddar guard which he got up and grabbed the paper tearing it into pieces. 
Eric glared at Emperor Palin as he signed hearing Niya voicing his words “Go ahead Emperor, kill Niya then nothing will stop me from being abusive with my position such as kicking you out of Emperorship position and having Oceanans fight each other in a civil war just to determine who’ll be their leader and ruler. Believe me once Niya is gone you and who else ruling will pay dearly for I suffered nothing but pain and torture from you and those rulers and I aim to have my revenge by having them pay for those stunts they pulled onto me period. I don’t give a care anymore for I want my revenge and I will do what it takes even sacrificing Niya’s life.”
He fisted his hands and waved one of them towards Emperor Palin to notice the ruler shifting his eyes elsewhere while hearing a loud groan sound from Niya and heard her speaking “He’s not kidding on what he said involving pain and torture from the rulers which happened after his identity was revealed. Eric hasn’t gotten a chance to counterattack those rulers’ bad behavior towards him due to various people including myself putting him off from doing it.” 
He glared at Emperor Palin he noticed was still staring elsewhere which he looked to see the ruler was staring at Niya and saw one of the guards had a bare hand on her cheek while appearing to gesture head towards the Emperor back and forth. He folded his arms and forced himself to restrain himself from itching to use his fists onto the Kaddar touching Niya. He continued to stare at Niya who had eyes shut with a frown on her face which he forced himself to look away to stare at Emperor Palin who continued to stare away from him. Eric felt compelled to punch Emperor Palin and resisted the compulsion but it took control which he charged towards the ruler in a fast speed move who looked in his direction just as his fist connected with the Highlander’s stomach that bent down groaning loudly while hearing someone yell something he ignored. He grabbed Emperor Palin’s neck in a fast speed move and lifted the ruler up dangling his feet while bringing a fist into the Emperor’s front repeatedly punching him while hearing choking sounds coming from the Highlander. 
He felt his punching fist grabbed in a tight ironclad grip by hands and Niya’s angry voice speaking loudly “Eric you’ll stop that behavior now!”
Eric shook Niya’s hands grip off his hand finding her grip remained ironclad and refusing to budge which he with great strength tossed the Emperor away from him to see Kaddar guards ignore the ruler and not catch the Highlander who hit the floor with a loud grunt sound. 
He felt rage taking control abruptly felt a female body connect with his form in some hug his head in a hold by her arms with wrists behind the back of his head still handcuffed and Niya’s voice speaking “Eric stop it now! Calm down now or else!”
He shut his eyes to feel with his hands for Niya’s wrists and yanked off the handcuffs off Niya and felt her yank off his mask followed by hands on his cheeks rubbing which he kept his eyes shut allowing himself to feel pleasure from her hands touching him. He tossed aside the handcuffs and kept his arms to his sides hands fisted due to feeling compelled to do it and forced himself to keep an angry look on his face despite the rage simmering away from him. 
He heard sounding loudly in Oceanan “This is not over Sun Lord. I will have what I want period and believe me I will do what it takes to get it.” 
He heard a loud grunt and a loud groan sound followed by a voice sounding familiar speaking “You were saying Emperor? And that’s for picking on my favorite people you Executioner.”
He frowned recognizing the voice as Nikolas who kept on talking “Believe me Paul I’m worse than Eric once mad.” 
He continued to frown as he heard a sound of a Drainer sucking a victim from the noises jerked open his eyes to find Nikolas in the room appearing to be sucking onto Emperor Palin’s neck and noticed that the Kaddar guards were looking concerned while one of them was taping the warrior on the shoulder and appearing to be whispering in the male’s ear by moving mouth and words not heard. He exhaled a breath through his nose and inhaled to shift eyes to stare at Niya having some glare in them that made him stiffen which he didn’t protest as she released her hold on him and grabbed his arm yanking him into the bedroom while slamming the door shut behind them. 
He frowned sensing them filmed as Niya spoke “You owe me for that stunt of saying of having me die so you can be abusive with your position and take revenge on people including owning me a favor for that stunt of punching Emperor Palin.” 
He shook his head in a no gesture as Niya looked at him with a narrowed eyed glare which he stiffened seeing her eyes flare golden followed by resuming brown colored. 
Eric stared at Niya with a frown as she added “Strip your clothes now or else.” 
He shook his head in a no gesture figuring out that she would have him parade naked out in the living room just to humiliate him as she continued to repeat her order. 
He folded his arms and formed a glare on his face as Niya added “Eric do what I said now!”
He unfolded his arms hearing the edge in Niya’s voice tone that suggested that she was up to something which he walked up to Niya who formed a big frown as he reached her he yanked off his jacket then signed “This better be worth my time doing this for you owe me period and I don’t like baring myself to people except only to you.”
He got nothing in response from Niya as he stripped himself of the remainder of his clothes and boots then stuffed them away into the dresser drawer then grabbed the breathing device and stood facing her with arms folded. 
He got from Niya “Walk out now.” 
He signed “I’m not going out further than the living room period.” 
Eric glared at Niya who repeated her order which he obeyed and noticed Kaddar guards looked bugged eyed seeing him as he saw Nikolas was gone from the room while Emperor Palin was seated in a dining table chair looking annoyed who became bugged eyed seeing him naked. He folded his arms and gave Emperor Palin a glare who scrutinized him up and down not sparing his sensitive part till the ruler he watched while still glaring at, left the quarters by Kaddar guards yanking him out. He caught one giving off a smile in his direction just prior to leaving the quarters and then felt a headache of his mind scanned. 
He heard mentally a voice sounding like a guard “Ah pity Emperor Palin won’t be bothering you with his demands for awhile. You’re no clothes status left him recalling something embarrassing while he was growing up in Shadan according to a Kaddar guard. I heard it involved some people picking on him before he was full grown as in getting him drunk and taking away his clothes and forcing him to walk once sober in the city to home among people with no clothes on and made fun of during that. Also the Mistress knew about that due to one of the Kaddar guards blabbed it to her to get you to do that no clothes status bit to the Emperor.” 
He exhaled a breath as the headache stopped which he walked into his bedroom to go to a wall and brought a fist into it sensing it remained intact from his punch. He glared at the wall bowing his head and folded his arms hand still holding the breathing device. He heard a door slam behind him ignored the sound sensing Niya in the room with him. He kept his back to her as he listened to the noises she made hearing dresser drawers manipulated and bathroom door noises. He sighed and went to his dresser sensing it was nighttime which he pulled out his gloves putting them on and then turned while grabbing the breathing device to fold his arms while glaring at the bathroom doorway figuring out he’ll force Niya into mating period. He glared as Niya came out dressed in the nightgown carrying her clothes which she put away and did a double take look seeing him naked while he pointed a finger at her and the bed while resumed folding his arms. He narrowed his eyes as she without a word stripped herself of her nightgown putting it away and got into the bed shutting off the lamp. He turned off his lamp and got into bed and moved himself on top of Niya sensing her legs part to accommodate him. He proceeded to stare at Niya in the eyes seeing they didn’t meet him and appeared to be out of focus by her no seeing in the dark status. 
Eric felt her legs locked around his seat area holding him in place followed by her speaking “Don’t you dare back off from this. You also owe me a favor too.”
He continued to stare at Niya who squinted her eyes appearing to not see him which he brought his hands to her breasts fondling the nipples while hearing her gasp of pleasure from his touch. He removed his hands to her sides and with a jerk thrust himself completely up to the hilt inside her and kept himself still while feeling her legs tighten around him as her hands were felt on his cheeks. He narrowed his eyes halting his movement to glare at Niya recalling a previous version of their mating and the result of that flashing in his mind. 
He glared at Niya who smiled a smile at him not meeting his eyes and she speaking “My sweet Eric.” 
He exhaled a breath finally hearing her speak those words after a long time of balking to speak them to him again after she spoke them to him during their first time coupling. He bent down and kissed her on the lips in response feeling her lips moving to his in response. He broke the kiss off and began thrusting as she met his movements as usual each time he mated with her while feeling the familiar charges of pleasure hitting him. He jerked from spilling inside Niya as a familiar feeling hit him hard making him shake while hearing her give off a loud moan sound.  He felt tiredness hitting him adjusted his form and laid on Niya while still inside her, her not protesting to that as he shut his eyes and fell asleep. He dreamed of an eyesight point of view standing next to the bed and sensed ranges of emotions running through the person. He heard a door slam sound and saw the eyesight shift to look behind seeing an outline of a figure standing there that appeared to look feminine to him. Eric eyed the figure that walked up to the eyesight and then both stared at himself lying asleep on top of Niya. He frowned seeing the scene went black as he came to finding himself still lying on top of Niya while hearing a screaming sound. 
He heard in his mind “Terrania calls help her.” 
Eric pulled out of Niya pulling the both of them up into kneeling positions and leaned her against him while fisting his hands onto his sides and saw the familiar watery view as his eyesight shift view to show a satellite focused on something he saw looked like a space ship to him orbiting the planet and kept himself silent eyeing it with no recognition within him. He stiffened as he got images within his mind telling him the warship belonged to the Human species who were renegades in space due to the High Council and their propaganda against them. 
He felt compelled to speak mentally spoke “This is the Sun Lord ruler of this world called Terrania. To whom am I speaking to?”
Eric heard a male voice speaking sounding in a familiar language he recognized as Basic “I am the Captain of this vessel. Just got questions we want answered then we’ll go and leave you in peace.” 
He mentally spoke “Fine ask away.” 
He heard from the male voice “What do you know of this species called Human anyway?”
He spoke mentally “Plenty. I have Humans living on this world and I have a Human appearance myself with some differences to make me not human.”
He heard from the male voice “What do you know of this planetary world named Earth that the Humans claimed to originate from?”
He replied mentally “You’re looking at Earth now after she survived the destruction of multiple warships firing on her who she was changed into this world Terrania with new species forming to live here among the Human survivors as well.” 
Eric heard “What do you know of the High Council?”
He gave up a mental roar and mentally spoke sounding angry “Do not mention that group and their Human trashing propaganda to me again!”
He heard “Permission to land Sun Lord since you answered us correctly.” 
Eric mentally spoke “You have my permission land away.”
He watched through the satellite as the ship landed in the forest near the Americanian city of Atlanta and heard the screaming stop which he heard a female voice speaking sounding in his head “You have proven what I warned your female twins about.” 
He stiffened hearing that as he shut his eyes and wrapped arms around Niya hugging her to him realizing that the eyesight point of view and the feminine outline was the female copy twins of him who he continued to hug Niya who remained asleep.   He sensed light shows off his left looked opening his eyes to find the female copy twins were gone and felt confused till he saw in his mind the both of them floating into something that made him think it was water and attacked by swimming gonoids that was tearing at their skin and clothes shredding them as they remained with form still. He frowned watching in his mind as the gonoids became numerous and appeared to be eating the female copy twins’ bodies which he felt disgust take hold along with a fist connected with his face jerking the view away from his mind to see off his bed was an outline of a male form that kept on fisting him on the face. He dropped Niya and to hold up his hands and felt her off the bed to see the outline had her and was heading towards the bathroom doorway which he got up giving chase to see them both disappear in a flash of light when entering the bathroom doorway with door slamming shut. Eric felt a dangling sensation onto his breathing tubes stiffened as he with his hands pulled up the breathing device’s box and held it in his gloved hands feeling annoyance take hold as he shut his eyes recalling the outline’s form. He recalled it was a male from the looks of it and wasn’t a Zeskaya due to not having the barrel shaped mask on the head or form looking like one. He continued to recall the male had a form that indicated a mask covering the head showing some Human like appearance while having clothes covering the body looking like a jumpsuit along with recalling himself punched by gloved hands. Eric felt rage hitting him stiffened from it as he felt sleepiness opened his eyes and went to the bed lying his form on Niya’s side of the bed and shut his eyes passing out unconscious to dream of himself oath to Lam that he’ll protect Terrania and do what it takes to keep that oath as the scene went black.

Eric came to sensing sunlight blaring onto him along with a male voice sounding in his mind “Its morning time for you to get up. You need to take in nourishment as required by the doctor when he scanned you.” 
He felt his mood still foul opened his eyes and glared at the guard at the open door that shut it closed which he got up feeling his mood not good and went to his dresser to yank off his gloves putting on his clothes and hooking up the breathing device in the process. He stormed to the door slamming it open and stomped out to the dining table ignoring the guards looking at him. Eric found himself terribly hungry gobbled up the food and took a sip of his drink and gulped it down once his senses told him it was safe to do so. He went to the couch to sit and folded his arms feeling himself raging angry running through him. He scowled while staring at the blank TV monitors seemingly lengthy till a guard’s voice sounded in his mind “Terris has left the headquarters taking a walk around the city escorted by a Drainer guarding him. Lam and Nico were put off doing the same thing by using the excuse that only one at a time can they leave the headquarters period.” 
He didn’t comment a response as the guard continued “Lam and Nico are currently in the brig practicing combative art due to that it’s the only area in the headquarters where they can practice.” 
He felt himself itching to practice combative art got up and gave a guard a glare that scanned his mind as he mentally spoke “I’m going to the brig to practice combative art and I like to do it in the presence of Lam and Nico.” 
He saw a head bob from the guard as he went to the door to his quarters finding the door opened by a guard as he reached it. He yanked on his head cover mask and went out down the hallway to the elevator which inside he stood with arms folded feeling the thing go down and then stopped showing the familiar brig’s hallway. He went out to spot a guard standing in an open doorway that looked in his direction and saw the male gesture his head towards the cell which he went to the doorway to look seeing Lam and Nico in the middle of doing combative art from the looks of it. He stood with arms folded watching them fights not with each other but acting like they were fighting invisible opponents. He clapped his hands once they paused to see them look in his direction. 
He resumed folding his arms and looked at the guard who verbalized his words “I’m told that Terris is elsewhere wandering around the city while you’re in here practicing apparent combative art.” 
He looked away to stare at the two which Lam spoke “Your doctor Ion is his name told us to keep up the combative art movements due to saying that our physical health is important for being what we are to you.” 
He bobbed his head in a Human yes gesture and heard from Nico “You trained in combative art?”
He in response walked forwards till he was facing Nico and made a come gesture with his hand while other one was fisted figuring that he’ll spar fight with them. He found Nico fighting combative art towards him as he fought defensively feeling his mood still not good and with teeth bared got a hold of Nico’s neck and thrust the male up dangling his feet holding a fist up near the male’s front restraining himself from punching. 
He dropped Nico who landed on his feet who then spoke while gasping “Ouch, no wonder you were holding yourself back when fighting me. You’re strong enough to easily foot my seat.” 
He didn’t comment a response to hear the familiar screaming sound within him to see Nico’s eyes become bugged followed by the male kneeling in front of him abruptly and having a concentration look on his face with eyes open which he kneeled and again got the familiar watery view. He saw in his mind a satellite focused on someplace in space which he eyed to see a familiar Rakcaran planet killer warship arrive escorted by two Rakcaran warships. He felt disgust take hold mentally imaged shields forming along with an image of a gun cocking itself which he sensed the weapons turning on. He continued to eye the scene to sense pain hitting him that told him a battery was shorted out then suddenly felt the battery active but weak. He narrowed his eyes watching the planet killer warship fire an asteroid at the planet and saw it slip through the shields which he imagined a gun firing in his mind to see fireballs hitting the asteroid that shattered into dirt mist. He saw the scene changed to focus on the planet killer warship to again felt spurts of pain hitting him twice that told him that his batteries were shortening out abruptly and felt them still active but weak. He narrowed his eyes as the planet killer warship fired another asteroid which he destroyed only to feel his batteries gone abruptly along with weakness feeling hitting him which he ignored. He continued to see through the satellite the planet killer warship firing a third asteroid and suddenly felt renewed strength running through him which he got the weapons to fire destroying the asteroid. Eric watched as the planet killer warship abruptly took off going elsewhere in space as the escorting Rakcaran warships took chase following it till they were out of sight and the screaming stopped which he mentally ordered shield to stand down along with the same towards the weapons finding his orders obeyed. He saw the familiar watery view stop as he slid to the floor onto his back and felt a female form clinging to him which he felt charges of pleasure from her hold on him telling him she was Niya from the familiarity within him. Eric shut his eyes feeling like needing to sleep and felt himself passing out unconscious to find himself on the beach with Terris looking angry along with Lam and Nico looking concerned. 
He frowned as Terris spoke sounding like he was angry “Drat that Drainer escort. She dumped me into the Highlanders’ headquarters soon after the Guardian warned of a cold storm arriving. One of those Highlanders was detected nearby hitting me in the face repeatedly while saying some comment of ‘Lets see what happen if this is done to you’. The Drainer didn’t do a thing to stop the punching instead let it happen and I nearly passed out which the Drainer held me up after the fisting was done only to get punched in the face again by that Highlander knocking me out unconscious.” 
He didn’t comment a response as he heard from Lam “Nico and I were practicing combative art when Terrania screamed her help cries. I think we both did the combative art too much due to how tired I was feeling when Terrania demanded for protection. Wound up knocked unconscious by my own body revolting me to sleep.” 
He eyed Nico with a frown who spoke “Ugh sorry the same thing Lam mentioned happened to me as well.” 
Eric saw the three looking at him with questioning looks on their faces.
He figured out on what they wanted which he spoke “I felt all three of you shorted out but felt from you some weakness hitting before you were knocked out. I did feel myself weak when you were out but felt renewed strength when my mate Niya apparently a battery got a hold of me in some hug gesture and managed to finish the job but I passed out unconscious once done.” 
He frowned as Terris formed a glare on his face before the male spoke “Interesting that there’s a fourth battery that is your mate, Eric. This never happened before over the cycles I lived in Terrania with clear knowledge of identities of previous batteries and power holders fully in my mind. I know from that the batteries are always male and always three with similarities to them like the three of us have with our faces the same.”
He heard a female voice sounding like Merra to him off his right where the water was “Ah Niya being a battery is due to her connection towards Eric himself.”
He looked to see two white hooded figures with male and female forms each and faces seen showing Human like with all black eyes and standing on the water. 
He eyed them as the female sounding like Merra to him spoke “Niya’s connection towards you Eric is due to having a male offspring that is a mind walker that did that connection link to the both of you when you were in some mating ritual hence his annoying spying on you both doing it.”
Eric recalled fully in his mind his son spying on the both of them doing mating rituals over the years of having the child in their lives before fully grown. 
He frowned as he eyed the female to hear from the male sounding like Tank to him speak “That son of yours figured out that you had those planetary powers long before they became known to you and what the batteries Lam, Nico and Terris was to you manipulated his mother to be a battery using you both doing some mating ritual to get that link in place.” 
He didn’t comment in response as Terris was heard speaking “You want to explain what the Highlander was doing punching me in the face while my Drainer escort was letting that happen?”
He narrowed his eyes as Merra spoke “Ah that Highlander was trying to see what would happen if a battery got knocked out which a Wiser appeared and had to tell them off on that punching behavior which the Drainer let Terris slid to the floor and fall unconscious. Oh your don’t need to worry about that Drainer letting that happen to you again the Wiser gave her a very stern lecture in present of the Highlanders eavesdropping about the importance of you being a battery and needing to be kept alive period. Oh I warn you Terris that one of the Drainers is yours on a permanent basis as a mate due to seeing that in your mind.”
He heard from Terris “What’s up with that after a long time of not having a mate anyway?”
He frowned to eye Merra who spoke “Actually that was Terrania’s way of letting you fight off Han’s Syndrome as in a low level pain way instead of having the sickness hit you abruptly knocking you out for an uncertain amount of time which would make you useless as a battery.”
He didn’t comment a response eyed Terris who looked annoyed before Merra’s voice was heard “Eric shut Terris’s eyes will you? I sense his mate’s presence nearby him and he needs to wake up to mate with her.” 
He obeyed forcing Terris’s not protesting eyes shut that disappeared in a flash of light. He looked at Tank who spoke “Lam, Nico, your mates are living in the city of Atlanta who’ll make their presences known to you and will be brought to you with help of others to help you recover from the use of being a battery.” 
He eyed Lam who forced Nico’s eyes shut and saw Lam’s eyes get shut by Nico in response and saw them both disappear in flashes of light. 
He shifted to look at the Meritanians as Merra spoke “Just shut your eyes and you’ll find yourself back where you belong.” 
Eric obeyed discovering himself lying in bed naked and felt a female form naked lying on top of him his senses told him was Niya herself as he sensed himself watched by someone. He kept his eyes shut and allowed his senses to focus on the watcher who he sensed took one of his bare hands with a gloved hand and thread his fingers through Niya’s bare hand without him scratching her and gripped both hands together then let go. Eric sensed the watcher gone while hearing a door slam sound frowned but kept himself asleep figuring he needed it and passed out unconscious. 

Eric came to feeling sunlight blaring onto his face which he jerked open his eyes to glare at the window seeing the shade was up with a familiar plant outside on the window still staring back at him. He heard Niya groan loudly which he felt himself hard rolled himself and her over till he was on top. He stuck his clawed hands underneath Niya’s back fingers digging into the covered mattress while staring at Niya in the face that opened her eyes with a frown on them. He continued to stare at Niya he sensed to his pleasure rubbed hands on his chest and from the feel of it was feeling his scars from her hands running over them. 
He exhaled a breath through his mouth to form a glare on his face aimed at Niya who frowned visibly before she spoke “Alright you’re my Eric. I woke up in the Zeskaya’s meeting room on Rakcara to find that there are more copies of you courtesy of the Rakcar doing it in desperation to fight the Zeskaya species.”
Eric kept the glare on his face as Niya continued “The copies said that a Zeskaya got hooked up as some kind of battery to systems and gained control of the planet’s planetary defense system and turned them onto the planet firing at locations valuable to the Rakcar. The Rakcar created them to fight the Zeskaya species guarding the one hooked up which the creation turned out to backfire on them due to that the copies were sympathizing with the Zeskaya and hid themselves in the Zeskaya meeting room. The Rakcar in question according to the copies got a hold of you when you were in that tomb unconscious and made copies of you along with returning you back to there once done.  Then later another Rakcaran warship arrived and hooked you up as a battery which some Zeskaya took out the Rakcar’s Rakcaran battery and got shot in the process by the warship’s internal defense weapon system. Rakcara according to the copies has a Meritanian unsure of her name who’s silent due to that all the Rakcar can hear her and will destroy her if she talks but she’s been doing some manipulating with her mind walking powers around the planet and among the natives as well.” 
Eric continued to glare at Niya who stopped talking to frown which he kissed Niya on the lips keeping his eyes open then broke off the kiss to continue glaring at her. 
He heard from Niya “Ah the reason why I was taken because the copies were feeling the same way you feel towards me except I had to yell at them about being a battery and part of your protecting Terrania power abilities. I thought I wasn’t getting through the batteries till some male Human arrived with Shadonian eyes and told them about seeing Terrania destroyed by a Rakcaran planet killer weapon Humans dub asteroid and mentioned that he saw the batteries of yours getting shorted out and you going unconscious from that. Oh the copies for some reason acted like they were all getting headaches till one of them got a hold of me and retuned me to Terrania where I was transported to your location and managed to hug you despite the shield all around you. I fell asleep after the hugging was achieved.” 
Eric again kissed Niya on the lips then broke off the kiss to continue to glare at her as she gave off a sigh sound and then spoke “Oh the copies from eavesdropping on them might transport themselves to Terrania and hang around the both of us doing either guarding or something just to hang around. I don’t know if they put that in action or make up their minds on doing it. They were unsure on whether to do this from the way they discussed it.” 
He felt Niya’s legs wrap around him and his seat which he kept himself still continued to glare at Niya in the eyes who met his eyes followed by her speaking “I wasn’t sure if it was you or the copies till I felt that scar of yours that a Zeskaya stabbed you in the stomach area from knowing that the copies wouldn’t have it. Besides all the male copies except one when looked at made me feel the exact way I feel towards you hence my trouble telling the difference. Also there are female copies of you but I didn’t feel anything towards them except something like being just friends with them and that was it.” 
Eric thrust his sensitive part fully up to the hilt inside Niya and halted while staring at her who added “Aha you’re my Eric alright. I should have realized that mating will be my detector when it comes to telling the difference between you and the copies. The copies when I mated with didn’t give me that familiar feeling I always felt when you’re fully inside me instead felt cold. I should have realized that the coldness feeling was alerting me of a copy instead of you.”
Eric gave up a thrust motion and again was fully up to the hilt inside Niya while again giving her a glare as she continued speaking “Oh fine Eric, the copies after they had me touched me but I didn’t feel anything like I’m feeling now from you touching me. Besides those copies gave me a coldness feeling when they touched me mating wise including the feeling remained when they tried to mate with me but something kept putting them off from having them do that mating ritual. I suspect that the Meritanian was doing it due to sensing my mind scanned while I was in their presence and figured out that it wasn’t the copies scanning me when they all weren’t looking at me while I was still mind scanned.” 
He did two thrusting motions then again was fully up to the hilt inside Niya and halted while again glaring at her. 
Niya spoke “Alright Eric that mind scanning gave me a terrible headache which the pain went away and then the Shadonian eyed human male arrived talking about Terrania’s destruction followed by the copies getting headaches which one of them transported me to home. After you passed out I woke up and one of the guards scanned my mind without my permission and told me that I had some foreign Meritanian signal in my mind that suggested I was mind scanned and manipulated. Merra’s kid who’s in the room mentioned something to me about not being fooled by the copies or you but refused to explain the talking remarks. I wasn’t sure what the plant was talking about till later when the copies all except one showed up insisting on hanging around the both of us which the males have been given jobs to act as your decoy to the public for your safety and when your out indisposed. The female copies have been given the job of guarding me due to them asking about that. Also I just figured out what the plant meant not being fooled by you or the copies and don’t expect me to say it to you period due to that there’s ears eavesdropping who’ll try to mix me up when it comes to telling you and the copies apart so don’t you dare ask me.” 
He thrust in response as Niya became silent seeing her eyes roll backwards with lids shutting while himself feeling intense charges of pleasure hitting him each time he entered her and with a jerk spilled himself inside her feeling a wave hitting him as she gave up a moan sound. He exhaled a breath through his mouth and kissed Niya on the lips sensing her hands on his cheeks then went to his hair fingers running through them while yanking on the strands. 
He broke off the kiss to stare at Niya who opened her eyes and spoke “Shouldn’t we both be out of bed and starting our day? We have jobs to do and should be doing them. Plus I gave strict orders to the guards that you were to meet the copies once you were awake and out of bed along with the copies not protesting to the orders I gave.”
He frowned but pulled out of Niya mindful of his clawed hands and got up from the bed grabbing the breathing device. He went to the dresser and put on his clothes while hooking the breathing device to his underwear shorts along with putting on his boots then went to the bedroom door yanking it open to walk out and paused seeing four figures in the room with similar facial appearance as his while two were females. 
Eric frowned as one of the males noticed him looking in his direction spoke sounding Rakcaran to him in Basic “Asp, shouldn’t you be taking in nourishment?”
He didn’t protest went to the table and sat eating his food while noticing Niya had joined him there which he ate feeling himself terribly hungry gobbled up the food and took a sip of the drink then gulped it down once it was safe to do so. He leaned back against the chair and eyed the copies scrutinizing them to notice that their clothes were black like his but appeared to be different which appeared to be some kind of jumpsuit with hoods on the back of them and shoes appearing to be similar to his boots. 
He frowned eyeing them as he heard from Niya abruptly “Spill it people. Talk to the Sun Lord about your purposes here now.” 
He frowned forming it on his lips as heard from a male copy “Ugh Fine, we’re here to help out with you and your life just keeping you and her safe.” 
He heard the pride in the male’s voice tone refrained from changing his expression or signing a comment as the other male spoke “We’re here as long as we feel useful and once we stop that feeling we’ll leave.” 
He gave a head bob in response towards the male copy and eyed the female copies to hear them speak in unison “We admit it that the Meritanians warned us that our minds are Rakcaran from mind scans. The Meritanians aren’t sure if there’s a Rakcaran mind link within us connecting us to the Rakcaran species like all Rakcar seemed to have. They warned us that they are still thinking of that and will manipulate us to leave once their sure of that link.” 
Eric again gave a head bob in response and heard from a guard verbalizing his words “Your Majesty, there’s a crowd outside the entrance that has requested your presence to them for a talk.” 
He exhaled a breath and got up from the chair to hear nothing from the copies as he glared at the guard to feel his mind scanned which he mentally spoke “Fine I’ll meet the crowd but don’t expect me to show my face to them despite them pleading for it.” 
He yanked on his hooded mask to see the male copies putting on the hoods showing similar masks as his and fading from view forming outlines. He left the quarters sensing the males and a guard following him which he went into the elevator seeing two guards already inside. He stood feeling the elevator go down which stopped at the desired floor with a jerk and he walked out into the lobby entrance and walked outside to stand on the steps. Eric stood with arms folded facing the crowd sensing his guard besides him and saw the male copies’ outlines step into view between him and the group of people. 
He heard from one of the crowd’s members “What do you think about Emperor Pavel Palin?” 
Eric heard sounds of snickering among the crowd members and eyed them to see that some of them appeared to be laughing while others appeared to be struggling to hide the emotion from their faces. 
He heard from the guard mentally “Sorry your majesty, I can’t give out a verbal response due to that the Emperor has me in his employ and that he warned me that there are others in your guardianship in his employ whose identities are kept secret from each other with only Emperorship has knowledge of that.”
He didn’t respond to the guard instead walked away going inside the lobby to hear the faint sound of the Guardian going off turned around to look at the doorway entrance seeing two guards shut it closed and locked the door as he saw outlines become solid. Eric stared at the copies of him to see them disappear in flashes of light which he heard mentally in his mind a female voice sounding like Merra’s kid to him “Rakcaran link detected after some thinking, copies transported to a travel gate and manipulated off Terrania.”
He exhaled a breath feeling himself sad hearing that as he went to the elevator and halted blocked by a guard who spoke “Emperor Palin is in your office requesting an audience with you. He insists on the meeting.” 
Eric gave the guard a glare feeling his mind scanned and mentally spoke “Fine, might as well see what he wants this time.” 
He entered the elevator and felt it go up reaching the desired floor which he walked out and went to his office going inside to freeze with annoyance finding Niya handcuffed and a Kaddar guard having a syringe needle injected into her neck while having a hand on it. He looked at the desk to find Emperor Palin seated that spoke “Sign the document and she’s fine for now.” 
His senses blared warning abruptly along with sensing an edge in the ruler’s voice tone that suggested that the Emperor was hiding something. He walked further into the office and stood with arms folded while staring at the Emperor as he recalled the crowd’s reaction to asking him a question involving the ruler and glared figuring that something was going on. 
He gave Emperor Palin a glare who spoke “Remove his mask off his face now.”  
He didn’t flinch as his own guard came into view and removed the hooded mask off his face as he continued to glare at Emperor Palin who frown visibly along with appearing to make gulping motions of the throat from the looks of it. 
He felt his mind scanned mentally spoke “Talk Emperor on what’s really going on with this stunt.” 
He heard from Emperor Palin as his senses again blared warning “Inject her since the Sun Lord isn’t going to bother signing.” 
He unfolded his arms and went to the desk in response to take the document on there and signed a profanity comment on the dotted line then thrust the paper towards the ruler. 
He sensed Niya besides him having hands on his shoulder abruptly as he stood with arms folded while glaring at the Emperor who glanced at the document and then spoke “Argh he signed wrong.” 
Eric heard a voice speaking in his mind “Repeat after what I say by signing them.” 
He signed the words voiced by Niya “My job as Sun Lord involves keeping rulers under me in peace with each other. That involves island nation rulers and racial rulers. I have to keep the peace at all costs regardless of how I feel towards a ruler and make sure that they follow my orders of keeping the peace. If they were found to not want to keep the peace I would use my position to have them removed from leadership position with another put in their place with orders of peace towards them to do period.” 
Eric heard nothing from the voice folded his arms and gave the Emperor a glare that formed emotions of anger and nervousness in his eyes from both changing back and forth along with appearing to gulp repeatedly.  
Eric signed words voiced by Niya as it dawned on him what was going on “Don’t tell me that someone spread a rumor saying that you wanted to take my position’s power abilities and people thinking it’s a joke in response hence they laughing when I was asked by them a question involving you.”
Eric got no response from Emperor Palin who grimaced on his face and looked away which he felt Niya manipulate him to look away by her hands touching his cheeks which he looked at her and with a hand took off the handcuffs off her wrists while shutting his eyes from the feel of her hands touching him. 
Eric opened his eyes as he sensed within his mind an order to demand to Emperor Palin which he turned to face the ruler and signed “Look at me in the eye and in a firm voice say that you want my position and know what the job’s duties are.” 
He eyed Emperor Palin with a glare who met his eyes and the ruler spoke sounding firm “I don’t have what it takes to take your position.” 
He glared as Emperor Palin’s eyes widen followed by the ruler clamping a hand over his mouth looking shocked before looking away. 
He exhaled a breath hearing ahem behind him turned around ignoring the Emperor to look at the guard who spoke “Your Majesty come with me now.” 
He heard the firmness in the guard’s voice as he obeyed following the Highlander out of the room not giving the Emperor a backwards glance while sensing Niya following behind him. He followed the guard who took a route to the quarters which inside he went to sit on the couch and felt Niya get onto his lap to kiss him on the lips. He kissed back and broke it off remembering her calling the Emperor by the name of Paul which he formed a glare aimed at her. 
Eric saw Niya frown as he got the both of them up and he signed to her “Explain this bit of calling Emperor Palin by the name of Paul and what’s going on with him.” 
He folded his arms and glared at Niya who spoke meeting his glare with her eyes “The Emperor revealed that he’s got memories of the Palin twin brothers Paul and Pavel but is more like Paul which was backed up by his own guards mentally telling me this after he said this to me.” 
He gave a head bob as Niya went to him yanking his arms apart and hugged him hearing her sigh loudly from that as he shut his eyes and placed hands on her back gently hugging her back in response. He smiled a small smile feeling Niya’s hand on his cheek stroking while he and her hugged each other. 
He heard the door open followed by a guard speaking loudly “Your Majesty you have a visitor here.” 
Eric broke off the hug opening his eyes as Niya did the same to him and he turned around to face the door seeing a guard open it showing to his annoyance Emperor Palin who entered the quarters and went up to him kneeling on both knees while bowing his head. 
He heard from the Emperor sounding firm “I submit to your authority Sun Lord.” 
Eric signed hearing Niya speaking the words “I accept your submission Emperor and will put aside your attempts to remove me from my position’s job duties.” 
He bent down and placed hands on the Emperor’s armpits and lifted the ruler up to stand who kept head bowed still not looking at him. 
He removed his hands and signed “You may leave Emperor.” 
He watched as Emperor Palin left the quarters and felt tears flow from his eyes and he turned towards Niya and hugged her along with sinking the both of them to the floor into kneeling positions while hearing her speak his name repeatedly. He buried his face onto her shoulder and hugged her while shaking from the tears flowing from his eyes sensing himself not angry but having a breakdown. 
He felt Niya forced him to sit up which he eyed her who placed hands on his cheeks followed by her speaking “My sweet Eric, let me handle the rulers who laugh at Emperor Palin due to some rumor of him wanting your job’s duties and people who think it’s a joke if they dare to laugh at him in his and ours presence.” 
He exhaled a breath through his mouth hearing Niya’s words seeing she was serious about them by the expression on her face which he gave her head shake in the Human style yes gesture towards her and shut his eyes feeling the tears stop along with relief hitting him. Eric felt Niya get up who forced himself to get up which he opened his eyes and didn’t protest as she pushed him to sit on the couch which he obeyed and felt himself feeling fine as she sat on his lap and leaned against him sideways while having a hand on his cheek. 
He leaned the side of his face against her forehead and shut his eyes feeling himself happy having her while feeling his mind scanned which he mentally spoke “Niya is worth having in my life. I treasure her and hope she’ll keep me in line towards treating others including doing my position’s duties.” 
He felt the headache stop wrapped arms around Niya hearing her sigh and felt himself happy having her in his arms that remained like that seemingly lengthy till a voice spoke “Excuse me Your Majesty but you have visitors in front of you.” 
He opened his eyes recognizing the voice as one of his guards and looked in front to see two Zeskayas standing which one spoke sounding like Kossman sounding firm “You killed me in my Human body. Explain that.” 
Eric felt Niya get off of him which he signed hearing her speaking his words while fully recalling Human Kossman’s death at his hands as Claws and the reason for it “I didn’t like your parental authority and resented that due to knowing you as my father before it came out that someone else fathered me.” 
He heard from Kossman sounding firm “And?”
He exhaled a breath through his nose then inhaled to sign figuring out that Kossman wanted the whole story said by him due to knowing it “Fine when I was as Claws killed you I didn’t feel sorry for that. I came back from being Claws with my memories of people wiped out and could only identify them by looking at them. It made me angry enough to blame some species for the mind wiping and target one of them to death.”
He paused to again hear from Kossman another and word which he signed “Also I later got my memories restored and remembered clearly the death of you at my hands and it bothered me enough to feel sorry and regret for doing the action enough to let it bother me too much that I wasn’t doing anything instead was ignoring people all around me. Someone I believe Teorjer gave me a recording of you talking about seeing me looking prideful when I first laid eyes on my offspring Ricky and Cassie as newly created offspring and mentioning something about feeling the same way towards me which helped me get over the action of killing you despite feeling remorse for doing it.” 
He stopped signing to hear mentally from the other Zeskaya “You die.” 
He stiffened recognizing the voice as the Zeskaya who stabbed him as he eyed them both to see one of them grab the hand of the other one and again kept hearing the comment of you die repeated. 
He eyed the Zeskayas as Kossman’s voice was heard “I set aside the fact of you killing my Human body after witnessing you talk to this man I figured later was Teorjer and admitting your feelings towards me and your reaction to listening to a recording of me.” 
He stiffened hearing that as the Zeskayas stopped holding hands and watched them fade from view followed by seeing one of the outlines thrust out a sword thrusting it aimed at him which he caught the blade with a firm grip on it. 
Eric heard from Kossman abruptly “Zeskayas can’t see each other in hidden state something Eric seems to be able to do.”
He eyed the sword held Zeskaya to hear the you die comment repeatedly which he caught the male’s fisted hand and manipulated the hand to grip it palm touching palm figuring out that what he has in his mind would be seen by the male. Eric gave a glare at the Zeskaya to see fully in the male’s mind of him and another Zeskaya appearing to be on the water ship walking pass cylinder tubes and stopping when they reached a tube holding what’s left of his mother inside it. He continued to see in the Zeskaya’s mind of the male getting a headache when facing his mother’s mind organ and sensed why the head pain was felt which he gripped the male’s hand tightly in response. 
Eric mentally spoke “You will release him, Mother now!”
He glared at the Zeskaya who showed his form along with hearing groaning noises from the male who mentally spoke “I want to see you and Kossman.” 
He heard the voice sounding feminine mentally spoke recalling the Merra’s kid plant “You have my oath that you’ll get your wish on seeing the both of us but it won’t be through this Zeskaya or linking with anyone mentally so release him now.” 
He felt the link of his mother within the Zeskaya left who gave up a loud groan and collapsed to the floor him releasing holds on hand and sword which he eyed the male to see the other Zeskaya Kossman he assumed come into view kneeling and hugging the male close to him. 
He eyed Kossman who spoke out loud “Kossen, your valuable to me and my mate Morena so don’t forget it.” 
Eric heard from Kossen he assumed was a groaning “Yes father.” 
He heard Kossen stop groaning with form still and watched as Kossman lifted up his son and carried him out of sight which he again felt Niya get onto his lap sideways and her hand stroking his cheek. 
He exhaled a breath feeling himself fine with Niya as he heard her speak “Eric, you’re valuable to me as my mate and valuable to all the Terranians as their planetary protector and peacekeeper of nations and species so don’t forget it.”
He hugged Niya in response leaning his chin against her forehead and sensed her fallen asleep which he heard from a guard mentally “That peacekeeping bit I told you about to say to Emperor Palin was from President Nikolas overheard yelling that to a Drainer escort while in the lobby of your home after His Excellency was told about a rumor going around saying that the Emperor wanted the position’s job duties and people thinking he was kidding on that like a joke.” 
He didn’t comment a response to again hear from his guard “His Excellency when he said his words seemed to be not kidding about them and was belligerent when he said them to the Drainer escort. President Nikolas gave off a ranting tirade after that about what Your Majesty was supposed to be doing holding the Sun Lord position despite having planetary protection powers and His Excellency ranted that your supposed to keep people in peace and do what it takes to keep the peace including using ruler ship authority over people who think of using war to solve conflicts when they should be using peace of words instead.” 
Eric mentally spoke sensing the guard became silent and wanted him to comment “As long as I have Niya keeping me in line with the Sun Lord’s position and job duties I won’t be abusive and will keep up the peace of using words to solve conflicts instead of war like behavior towards people.” 
He heard from the guard “That’s easily got it from Emperor Palin who appeared to have a breakdown with guards seeing in his mind his life as Paul Palin and losing a mate to death something that wound up bothering him for awhile. The Emperor after he calmed down made it clear to the guards verbalizing that if he were to get a Human as a mate he expects his people to do what it takes to keep her alive at all costs. Unfortunately that was Paul Palin talking when he issued that order but it seems that feeling has made the Emperor issue it.”
He frowned hearing that as the guard continued “Some Shadonian female arrived in the lobby asking for Emperor Palin which the ruler met her and she introduced her daughter a Human female which it became obvious that the offspring was the Emperor’s mate by the way he greeted her and she doing the same. The Emperor after that took the Human female dubbed Oksana by him to his home which it was clearly seen in the offspring’s mind that she’s a descendant of the Shadonian Ambassador and given the name of Tiana. I have reason to believe that this Oksana will wound up in the hospital expecting offspring due to how the Emperor was seen treating her.” 
He didn’t comment a response felt the headache continue followed by the guard adding “I must add that President Nikolas called for the games’ closing ceremonies to happen tonight due to emphasizing that the nation voted by the athletes to host the next games will need time to rehearse the actual closing of the games’ ceremonies with the cauldron extinguished included.” 
He mentally spoke sensing the guard became silent “Fine I and Niya are going so wake me up when its time to go.” 
He leaned his head back and shut his eyes hearing the guard mentally speak in his mind “It will be done as ordered Your Majesty.” 
He felt himself passing out unconscious to come to feeling a hand patting him on the cheek along with Niya gone from him. He jerked open his eyes to discover Niya standing leaning over him while gently patting him on the cheek which her hand’s movements became stroking. 
He smiled at her as she spoke “Eric, its time to go attend the closing ceremonies for Americania.” 
He broke off the smile as she removed her hand straightening up her form which he got up and thrust on his hooded mask covering his face and heard from Niya “Remember what I said about rulers laughing at Emperor Palin or any other ruler in question. Let me handle them doing that due to that I know how to behave towards their species to get them to stop the laughing behavior.”
He looked at Niya and gave her head bob in response then heard from a guard “Car is ready for travel.” 
He without a comment left the quarters sensing Niya and a guard following which he took the elevator to the garage room and went inside to find a guard standing in front of a car which he got inside with his escorts. He sat leaning back eyes on the window seeing the scenery seeing the sun was slowly disappearing down the horizon from the looks of it as the car lifted up and flew towards the stadium. He felt Niya next to him squeeze his hand gripped in her hands which he squeezed back in response. He sensed the vehicle arrive at the stadium and got out with Niya and a guard which they went inside and found Nikolas standing in the hallway with arms folded and mask on looking in his direction. 
He frowned as he felt a headache and heard to his shock Nikolas’s voice sounding in his mind “Alright, I admit it that I’m a mind walker but don’t you dare broadcast that to the public for I will deny it period.” 
Eric didn’t think of a comment in response as he reached Nikolas feeling Niya’s hand on his arm and sensed the warrior stopped scanning him by the male looking away and walking down the hallway with him following. 
He entered the stadium to hear the crowd give off cheering sounds sounding happy to him as they reached the golden chair to spot sitting in it was a big potted plant that made him think of Merra which he got confirmed by the plant speaking to him in a male voice “Hello Eric, I let Mommy and Daddy know what’s going on around here like my brothers and sisters do wherever they are.” 
Eric didn’t comment a response as the plant stopped talking along with the headache stopped which he went to stand next to Nikolas facing the microphone with Niya on the other side of him her nearest to the island nation rulers and racial leaders. He sensed Niya stiffen as he peered out the corners of his eyes to see her point a finger in a direction with arm out stretched and sensed she seemed furious which he ignored figuring that she was handling the rulers laughing behavior as he concentrated on the closing ceremonies. 
He heard Nikolas speak on the microphone words spoken in Americanian translated in Basic by a Drainer “The closing ceremony for Americania hosting the games begins now.” 
Eric concentrated on the ceremony having music playing that sounded familiar and showing two figures a male Human and a female Highlander in the middle of the stadium. He watched the female doing dancing moves while wearing some tight body skin pink outfit while manipulating objects in her hands about five of them one at a time to the music. Eric eyed the male wearing blue tank top and blue shorts with white shoes to see he was doing movements on apparatus events while assisted by a Drainer on getting onto some of them he saw six of them and recognized from memory in his mind that they were the men’s version of gymnastics from having some training as a youngster. He watched with interests as the music ended followed by the two performers bowing in his direction and watched with a frown seeing the Drainer feeding off the male from the looks of it. He felt disgust take hold figuring that the Drainer was making the male pay a payment for the assisting on the apparatus as the audience he heard gave up loud clapping noises and cheering sounds. 
Eric heard from Nikolas on the microphone “Athletes, start your voting now and vote who you want to host the games. We’ll meet again three suns from now for the voting results to be revealed and the selected nation to officially close the games. Nations if you have a ceremony planned start rehearsing I’ve given you now and three suns to practice the performance so we adjourn for that.”
Eric without protesting followed Nikolas with Niya having her hand on his arm out of the stadium with guards escorting till they reached vehicles outside and was guided to his vehicle by a guard which he went into it and felt it take off flying in the air heading towards the headquarters. He sat leaning back with a hand held by Niya’s as the vehicle reached the headquarters’ building and landed then rolled inside becoming still. He got out with Niya and guard following and took the elevator to his quarters’ floor which he went out to the hallway and went inside his quarters to remove his mask and stood with arms folded glaring at Niya. 
He saw her frown which he signed “Spill it Niya, who was laughing this time due to noticing you point a finger at someone and sensing you angry about that?”
He got a loud sigh from Niya followed by her speaking “I caught the Ranian ambassador and the Felidaes’ racial leader laughing while appearing to be aiming it at Emperor Palin judging by them looking at him then laughing. The Ranian Ambassador cut off his own laughing when he saw the performance and the Felidaes’ racial leader kept on laughing till he noticed me pointing a finger at him and looking furious which he stopped doing it and didn’t do any more of it despite me repeatedly glancing at the rulers and himself to make sure they weren’t doing that laughing.” 
Eric bobbed his head in response went into the bedroom hearing Niya shut the door behind him. 
He went to his dresser to put away his clothes and boots while hearing Niya manipulating her dresser and hearing the bathroom door close shut which he once naked heard from Merra’s kid “Wiser insisted on us creation, Mommy and Daddy do.”
He heard nothing else along with the headache stopping exhaled a breath through his mouth and felt itching to mate unexpectedly by the feeling hitting him who he again heard from the plant “You need it but do it this way.” 
He stiffened as an image of a mating ritual flashed in his mind showing himself doing it to a female he recognized as Brianna before joining her himself fully inside her. He again exhaled a breath through his mouth and inhaled through the breathing tubes which he picked up his gloves putting them on and picked up the breathing device and got into bed leaving the lamp on and sticking the device between the pillows. He left the blankets off as he stared at the ceiling listening for Niya feeling himself getting impatient for her to come out of the bathroom which he heard the door open followed by a pause then dresser drawers manipulated along with vibrations of her getting onto the bed but not manipulating the blankets to cover them both. He rolled over and eyed Niya to see she was naked like he was and was staring at the ceiling with a frown on her face. Eric adjusted his form taking one of her hands and gripping it to his arm and he leaned over Niya and brought his lips to one of her breasts’ nipples hearing her hiss a breath loudly. He adjusted his form to place a hand on her other nipple gently playing with it while sucking her hearing her again giving off hissing sounds but sensed she was struggling to let him have his way with her while feeling her fingernails dig into his arm from its hand hold there. He switched breasts’ nipples and his hand to suck and play with while hearing Niya giving off hissing sounds sounding like she was actually hissing to him. He halted the sucking and playing to bring his lips to her neck kissing and trailing kisses down to her navel while again hearing her give off her familiar sounds. Eric once done with the kissing raised his head and brought a gloved hand to Niya’s front doing a finger walking motion on her neck down between her breasts to her navel while hearing her still hiss away. He removed his hand and got his form on top of Niya feeling her legs part accommodating him and her hand hold off his arm from his skin touching her skin along with her hands on his shoulders fingernails felt digging into the area. Eric eyed Niya in the face and eyes to see she had some far away look in them along with hearing her stop her hissing sounds. He brought his hands to Niya’s breasts while hearing nothing from Niya and seeing her expression remained the same. He removed his hands and brought them to Niya’s sides and with a thrust jerked himself fully up to the hilt inside Niya while seeing her eyes shut and some pleasant expression formed on her face and hearing her give off a soft moaning sound. He thrust in rhythm feeling charges of pleasure hitting him each time he entered Niya while sensing her giving off her familiar movements meeting his thrusts. He with a jerk while fully up to the hilt inside Niya spilled himself while shaking from an intense charge of pleasure hitting him abruptly making him roll his eyes from the feeling along with collapsing on top of her while hearing a loud moan from her. He felt the feeling lowered its ebb raised himself a bit till his weight wasn’t fully on Niya and stared at her in the face seeing her eyes were still shut along with her fingernails stopped its digging in his shoulders. 
He heard from Niya “Georgina recalls that Emperor Palin when he tortured her while she was in Oceana attending the World Gymnastics Championships touched her in an inappropriate way involving mating and nearly tried to mate with her till Nikolas as Hades appeared in some light show and threw him off of her while calling the ruler Paul who backed down with his torture and stopped doing it. Georgina tried to get Nikolas to stay with her but he disappeared in a light show and Merra ignored her pleading to get him back to her.”
Eric stiffened hearing that from Niya who kept talking “Georgina later found out nearing the end of her time in Oceana that it was Paul posing as the Emperor who tortured her along with touching her in some mating way which it was said he was doing it due to his mate a Human passed away said to be poisoned to death by his own brother ordering it secretly behind Paul’s back. I’m not sure how Paul found out about the poisoning due to that I told his descendant the current Emperor Palin what I knew about it while you were out unconscious put to sleep by a Zeskaya giving you a sleep command. The Emperor’s reaction to what I told him was to swear insults in Oceanan language sounding like he was trashing Pavel Palin along with seemingly furious about it.”
He felt himself still hard gave up a thrust movement then again felt himself still fully up to the hilt inside her while hearing her sigh followed by adding “Ah Georgina recalls that Paul Palin posing as the Emperor treated her as a valuable object including having her being a declared slave of him so she could coach the Americanian team on foreign soils. She’s not sure of what happened to get the Emperor fed up with the slavery towards her and thinking assassination which she was forced to retire after coaching for three Terrania Unity Games which the assassination attitude was dropped.”
Eric heard from the plant abruptly “Pavel not Paul doing assassination attitude towards Georgina. Pavel poison Paul to submit to his pose as Emperor demand. Paul stood up Pavel by treating Georgina nicely. Pavel used Paul’s poisoned status to back off on Georgina and she retired.” 
He frowned hearing that to see Niya’s eyes jerk open with a frown in her expression followed by her speaking loudly “You could have said something earlier about this when it was obvious I had Georgina’s memories fully in my mind and was questioning about her.” 
He heard nothing from the plant except his hardness status made him feel like itching to do more mating which he again did a rhythm of thrusting inside Niya sensing her not protest to his movements. He again got the familiar feelings of pleasure running through him each time he entered Niya and with a jerk spilled himself inside her along with feeling an intense charge hitting him. He shut his eyes exhaling a breath as he shook from the feeling then once it lowered its ebb he opened his eyes and stared at Niya in the eyes seeing her looking at him. 
Niya he stared at spoke “Aha, Eric. It figures on what the kiddy plant was trying to tell me about when it involves mating with people’s intended mates. They don’t feel that good when they mate with that person along with getting an image of the person’s intended mate flashing in their mind looking threatening.”
Eric frowned hearing that as she continued talking “Those who are intended as mates get some kind of reward involving them and their intended when they mate with each other which is feeling good when doing it and feeling well enough to keep on doing it more than once back to back.”
He exhaled a breath through his nose seeing Niya looked serious by the expression on her face as he lowered himself and kissed her on the lips keeping his eyes open seeing her doing the same with her eyes and feeling her lips move to his movements. He broke off the kiss to stare at Niya who smiled at him which he smiled in response followed by her hands felt on his cheeks then onto his head running through his hair and felt her hands’ movements which he figured was styling his hair. Eric felt sleepiness eyed Niya who’s hands went to his shoulders and saw her eyes shut sensing her asleep which he lowered himself and shut his eyes to dream of an eyesight point of view looking at himself sprawled on top of Niya with her legs sticking out indicating a mating pose. 
He heard the familiar plant’s voice speaking “Mommy Merra gave mercy, don’t make Mommy regret it.” 
Eric saw the view went black to hear a male voice sounding loudly “Remove both or either one and Terrania dies with death on your hands. Think, Rico, on that.” 
He felt himself compelled to remain still obeyed to hear a Rakcaran toned voice speaking him understanding the language “Not fair that we suffer while he gets what he wants and we don’t get anything at all.” 
Eric frowned as the male voice spoke “I sympathize with your situation Rico. I and my species can’t live on Terrania. I’m like you males with abilities to give up offspring from own bodies while females give off the means to create an offspring within.” 
He heard a loud gasp sound sounding Rakcaran toned to him along with the male voice continuing talking “Ah Rico, from the looks of things seen around here that Terrania is actually Humania and orbiting her is her daughter Edenia posing as some moon. Hence our trouble with staying on this world due to that Humania will never accept us period. I also warn you that the Rakcar aren’t smart when it comes to firing their planet killer weapon on planetary worlds that seemed innocent in their imaginary war. They’ll just fire the weapon on worlds anyway due to that destruction gives them some kind of satisfaction their seemingly addicted to the feeling hence they repeatedly destroying worlds. Their not getting it that the feeling is their bodies having nothing to live on and is making up by making them feel that way.”
He heard from Rico he assumed talking “Asp what the depths do you suppose we do about this?”
He again heard the male voice “I seen a Rakcar taken a stand against the Rakcaran species destroying themselves to death by refusing to wear their latest obsession which is some kind of tech making them hide in plain sight and move fast and targeting Mesan’s Curse their name for the walking dead. That name Mesan’s Curse was given to the Zeskaya species by the High Council actually figuring out that the Rakcar overthrew the Zeskaya species out of planetary control. I believe that the planetary weapons firing onto Rakcaran targets involved restoring the planet’s nature settings and fixing the planet back to its former glory before Rakcaran control. Also I believe it’s about time someone took a stand against the Rakcar’s obsession before they destroy themselves to death destroying the natural order of the planet.”
Eric frowned hearing that as Rico’s voice was heard “Argh you expect me and the others to do this?”
He heard from the male voice “Rico, it’s your destiny as with the others to do this. I figured out that only you and the others can stop this war between the Rakcar and the Zeskaya including helping the Rakcaran species recover enough to restore natural order to the planet and fixing back its nature settings as well. Besides I took a great deal of convincing to some species dubbed Builder about the planet and its damage and the Rakcar’s obsession destroying themselves to death to drop their angry attitude and help fix things around Rakcara with other species assisting as well. Besides peace not war is the solution which I’m seeing from Terrania and its natives which should be done on Rakcara.”
He heard from Rico “Hmph.” 
Eric frowned as the male voice continued “Hmph all you want Rico for you know that I’m right.” 
He continued to frown as Rico’s voice was heard “Oh fine prepared to be transported off to Rakcara now.” 
He heard nothing from the male but the sound of a bathroom door slamming shut which he felt the compulsion to stay still, gone opened his eyes and raised himself up to look around the room seeing it remained the same as ever with Merra’s kid potted in the corner. 
He eyed the plant that spoke sounding in his mind “Copies terribly bored not have much to do till future teller arrived saying what copies should be doing which copies see point and will do and no longer get bored.”
He frowned as the plant went silent figuring out that future teller was a reference to Seer as he felt himself tired kept his form on top of Niya and lowered himself down while shutting his eyes feeling himself passing out unconscious to dream of the familiar beach seeing Terris, Nico, Lam there with Merra and Tank on the water. 
Eric frowned as he noticed Terris had a smirk look to see Lam punch the male in the face as Terris spoke “Spill it Lam with that fisting.” 
He eyed Lam with a glare who spoke “Don’t you dare brag about mating with that Drainer female since the both of us still haven’t gotten that yet.”
He heard snickering sounds to glare at Merra and Tank to spoke “What’s so funny Meritanians?”
He gave them a glare followed by Tank speaking “Force Lam and Nico’s eyes shut will you and we’ll talk.” 
He obeyed doing it to see both disappear in flashes of light. 
He glared at the Meritanians as Merra spoke “Ooh a pity Lam is going to wake up with his mate in the middle of doing some mating ritual on him. She couldn’t wait for him to wake up starting fooling around and he’s going to be shocked by that. Oh Nico is having the same thing but he will be pretty shocked once he sees who his mate is.”
He again heard snickering sounds from the Meritanians followed by Terris speaking “Hmm, Eric gets a Human, I get a Drainer, who does Lam and Nico get anyway?”
He frowned as Tank spoke “For Lam it’s an Aquarian who are known for forcing mates into mating whenever they have the urge to do it.  Nico is getting an Akylah who’ll be quite dominant in the relationship towards him due to that Akylahs are known to be like that even towards mates.” 
He heard from Terris sounding sarcastic “Lucky Eric gets a Human female to dominate while we’re dominated by females Argh.” 
He gave Terris a glare and heard from Merra “Actually Terris that domination attitude is due to Eric being Legendian who is known to dominate females and other species with their wants. Humans are the only species known to rebel against Legendians and being unharmed from that. This is due to that Legendians give Humans respects due to the Humans are known among Legendians as the oldest of all species which this respectful attitude has been passed down towards some of the other species who see Humans very valuable like hence their slavery attitude.” 
He eyed Terris who frowned followed by the male speaking while looking at him “Who’s dominating the relationship, you or Niya anyway?”
He spoke “I think it’s back and forth between the both of us doing it to each other which is my impression.”
He frowned to hear Merra speaking “Force Terris’s eyes shut will you? His mate is detected needing him at the moment.” 
He obeyed and shift to stare at the Meritanians as Tank spoke “Terris’s Drainer mate turning out to be the Drainer who escorted him in the city is in the hospital having offspring growing inside her. I warn you that its painful for Drainer females to undergo due to that there’s nothing medically that can make them sleep off the pain of the growth. The only relief Sonia can get is by Terris’s presence and him touching her in a soothing way which can help her tolerate the growth of offspring.”
He spoke as Tank became silent while recalling something “How long does it normally take for offspring to grow inside females before birthing them?”
He heard Merra respond “That varies from twin suns to how long the medics leave the offspring inside the female but it always last more than one sun and doesn’t matter the species. You and Niya were one of the lucky ones that had an instant growth and birth with no time at all which I hear is rare among Terranians.”
Eric frowned as Tank spoke “Get some sleep Eric, your talking to us is by your body in some no sleep trance status so sleep.” 
He obeyed shutting his eyes feeling himself passing out unconscious to come to hearing a familiar voice sounding in his mind “Your Majesty its time to get up. Its morning and you slept enough for one sun straight as ordered by your personal physician.”
He jerked open his eyes to discover himself lying on his side and shot his head towards the door to see Niya wearing the Mistress clothes looking like they were altered by the looks of no dress form seen enter the room shutting the door behind her. He sat up and stared at Niya to notice that she still had a jacket but pants with a top peeking between the jacket folds that looked like it was highlighting her form. 
He frowned to sign “You want to tell me how you managed to get out from underneath me and me out of you and me onto my side?’
He folded his arms forming a glare on his face as Niya spoke “The doctor stopped by when morning was gone and me whining to get up heard and me not having success to remove you. He helped me in answer to your question and did some scans saying that you needed the extra sleep and refused to say why on that. He only said it was a common problem among Legendians and refused to explain what it was.” 
He exhaled a breath to hear from Merra’s kid “Night hour, mating back to back and being in a trance status doctor detected order extra sleep onto you.” 
He didn’t comment a response got up and got dressed and left the bedroom hitting the dining table to sit and eat his nourishment which he felt himself terribly hungry gobbled up all of the nourishment and gulped down the drink not doing his test for water status. He once done leaned back and eyed Niya sitting at the table staring at him with a frown. 
He heard Ion his doctor speaking “Hmph either it was trust or he’s terribly hungry enough to take in his drink without testing it.” 
He shifted to look at Ion standing near him off his right who added “Ah lucky I’m here if the drink turned out other wise which is a relief its not.” 
He didn’t sign a comment looked at Niya with a frown to notice she was staring elsewhere followed by her speaking “Ion the drink was not the color of water. The drink was I know from the looks of it it’s a Drainer known drink dubbed cocoa.”
He frowned but stared at Niya which he heard from Ion “Cocoa resembles water that is not purified but filled with dirt in it actually.” 
He heard an oh from Niya as Ion kept talking “Actually I could recommended some other drinks for His Majesty to take but unfortunately there’s no telling by looks of them on whether there’s water in them unless someone drinks it. Water is undetectable to looks and that drinking can detect it.” 
He frowned shifting to stare at Ion who added “Actually Your Majesty I need you in Medical Bay for some tests including a put off internal test that must be done due to that you were sent off planet and returned back to here. I’m anxious to know if there are any medical problems that the natives of Rakcara did to you and get them fixed immediately.” 
He exhaled a breath through his mouth and got up from the table and signed “Fine I submit myself to be tested but I have to confess I really hate that needle injection scanner device used to do internal scans onto me. Thing gives me pain when I have it in me.” 
He got from Ion “Your view is shared with various manoids submitting to that scanner and sorry that nothing else has been invented to do internal scans besides that device so Medical Bay now Your Majesty.”
He without a word walked out of the quarters sensing Niya following which he got into the elevator to find a guard and Ion had followed him inside which he felt the thing go down and walked out once it stopped at the Medical Bay’s floor. He walked inside and stripped himself of his jacket handing it to Niya who took it and sat on a bed stripping the uniform down to his waist and laid his form down. 
He signed “Get this internal test over now.” 
He heard from Ion “Ah first I have to scan your body outside just to make sure it can withstand the device’s needle injector part then inject it into you so stay still.” 
He stared at the ceiling lengthy while keeping his form still as he heard Ion hmm sounds while hearing beeping noises followed by the doctor speaking “Everything looks fine so injector device it is but first I have to do a touch test over the area to make sure everything is fine for it.” 
He brought his hands off him and placed them at his sides and waited staring at the ceiling as he felt Ion poke him in the stomach by fingers felt and then gritted his teeth as the familiar pain was felt and the device felt onto the area pressing up and down giving him various levels of pain while the injector scanner did various pressings. He forced himself to stare at the ceiling keeping his form still, feeling the scanner test seemed lengthy then he felt the device removed along with a cloth rubbing the injection site and ordered to sit up. 
He sat up and signed “Anything wrong or I’m fine?”
He eyed Ion who looked down from seeing him sign to stare at a device screen from the looks of it lengthy and then the doctor spoke “Found some small marking on your back that indicated an implant like some kind of tracker device that was apparently removed from the looks of the skin’s area suggesting that your body took it out by itself. To my knowledge the Sun Lord doesn’t wear implanted tracker devices and Legendians have some kind of body system that won’t tolerate implants. They’ll tolerate breathing devices for who knows how long along with needles in their system for a short time before the body system will get the injector out by itself.” 
He signed recalling himself as Claws and accused about being that Surrai by an Oceanan Emperor “I recall having pain in my back, back then visiting Oceana and accused of being Claws, when I still had the fist mark by Hades putting it there and later learned the back got rid of the mark. I wonder if it involved the implant being removed.”
He frowned to stare at Ion which he heard from Niya “Actually Eric there was nothing to indicate an implant on your back when Oceana tested you for a fainting spell you had.”
He frowned hearing that heard from a familiar female voice sounding in his mind “Implant too small to detect by self and removal not give pain.” 
He frowned to look around the room to spot sitting on a bed was familiar potted plant which he eyed to hear Ion speaking “Ah that plant was put there by a Wiser who used the excuse that its what he calls a gift which is the same excuse when their caught around your home with or without a plant with them.” 
He didn’t comment a response looked away towards Niya who spoke “Anything else doctor or Eric can leave?”
He got up from the bed to hear Ion speaking “Just a simple blood test which I need a sample of your blood Your Majesty.” 
Eric stuck out his arm and waited with other arm folded as he saw Ion come into view to stick an apparent empty syringe into his arm and watched as blue blood came out filling it entirely then the doctor took out the injection and wiped his arm with a cloth. He adjusted his uniform covering his upper front no longer leaving him bared and got handed his jacket by Niya which he put on. He stood with arms folded staring at Ion who stared at a device monitor at the foot of the bed doing some finger button pressing before sticking the syringe into it and saw his blood leave the injection device leaving it empty. 
Eric continued to eye Ion who spoke “Body systems seem fine according to the Eli. Nothing serious detected yet but I recommended a follow up exam just to be on the safe side. You never can tell what the Rakcar did to you.” 
He threw up his hands in response as the doctor became silent while giving off hmm sounds before Ion added “Oh you can go now. I still have to analysis the results at the hospital which is a requirement for me to do. I need to compare saved on files test results on Your Majesty just prior to him taken to Rakcara to see if everything turns out fine.” 
He didn’t comment a response to hear from Niya “Well let us know as quickly as you can I’m anxious to know so excuse us.” 
He saw Niya walk into view that took one of his hands and gently pulled him out of medical bay to halt them both in the hallway which he felt himself hugged abruptly and her giving off crying sounds while feeling her face buried on his shoulder. He hugged her in response and gently rubbed her back hearing her cry lengthy before she gave up a shaking vibration and halted it. He frowned as Niya removed her head off his shoulder to wipe her eyes with her sleeves and brought hands to his cheeks and he didn’t protest as she kissed him on the lips before breaking it off while staring at him with affection in her eyes. He smiled a small smile aimed at Niya seeing her doing the same before breaking herself out of his hug hold and taking one of his hands and leading him to the elevator which he went inside feeling it move and stop showing a familiar hallway with three doorways in it. 
He frowned to hear from a guard loudly “A crowd seen gathered near the viewing area which some sky ship unidentified has been found parked there and its natives aboard haven’t been found or anything to indicate who they are.” 
Eric felt annoyance take hold hitting him recalling the sky ship belonged to the Humans who landed after permission from him which he heard a male voice sounding in his mind “High Council suspected in tracking the warship by minds of its people aboard thinking that.” 
He walked out of the elevator and went to the balcony to spot out of the corners of his eyes outside onto the balcony in view of the elevator was a familiar potted plant which he thought to himself “Those Wisers are sure putting them everywhere.” 
He heard nothing in response went to peer at the crowd down below while on the balcony to find the Humans’ sky ship parked in the distance appearing to be on a field from the looks of it. He eyed the ship with a frown for it reminded him of a High Council warship with some alterations and looked down as if drawn to see some of the crowds’ people were looking up at him and not giving their familiar cheering reactions instead were staring intensively like they were scrutinizing him. He saw that most of the intense staring people were Human while spotting two Highlanders a male with ears covered by hair and a female looking familiar doing the same which he continued to look down at the crowd milling around.  
He frowned as he felt a headache of his mind scanned and mentally spoke “I am Sun Lord ruler of Terrania.”
He felt the headache stop and eyed the familiar female Highlander that went to a staring male Human and spoke words to him, him not hearing what’s said as the male looked in her direction and answered back to her. He found the staring Humans were gathered in a group and saw them looking at the female Highlander speaking to a male in the middle of them who looked at her answering her back then looked up back at him before doing that looking at her gesture again back and forth.   
Eric heard loudly from one of his guards “Your Majesty, the sky isn’t looking right so we need to leave.” 
He obeyed putting on his mask while staring at the crowd down below then walked off going into the hallway followed by Niya and guards which he heard the familiar sound of the Guardian blare its siren went into the elevator with his following people doing it and felt the thing move till it reached his quarters’ floor which he walked out. He removed his mask once in the hallway and went to his quarters which the door was opened by a female guard seeing him. He went inside and heard a siren sound loudly eyed his guard who yanked out a hand gun while having head aimed at the door to see additional guards dart inside slamming it all armed with hand guns in their hands. 
He heard from Niya “What’s going on?”
Eric frowned as he eyed a guard who kept eyes at the door and heard one speak “The alarm to one of the locked entrances to the headquarters was detected going off. We’re seeing if we can get visual on the intruders via recording devices and send a Drainer to their location to see if their friendly or meant harm.”
Eric frowned hearing the TV clicked on went to eye it and found Niya having a hand on his arm while sensed standing next to her. He eyed the TV monitor to see it showed an overhead shot of a group of familiar Humans with two familiar Highlanders there he recognized as the female and the male with ears covering hair. 
Eric tapped Niya on the hand to hear her speak "Eric?"
He signed with her speaking his words "Saw the group of Humans and the Highlander pair while I was on the balcony looking up to me and they didn't give any cheering reactions like people normally do whenever I'm there with people regardless of escorting me there." 
He folded his arms to frown eyeing the TV monitor to hear from a guard "Drainer is at their location and will come into viewership view."
He eyed the scene to see the Humans and Highlanders had noticed the Drainer a male come into sight that paused from standing on the stairs to appear to be speaking which he heard from the TV monitor blaring foreign language to hear from Niya "That's Summeran the Human's main language. He's saying that they gave the Sun Lord a scare coming into his headquarters through this location for its always locked and unlocking it set off alarms due to them trying to find refuge from the snowstorm outside from hearing that the cold kills people." 
Eric frowned as Niya paused as the Drainer stopped talking to hear from the female Highlander in the group speaking in foreign language sounding like what Niya said Summeran to the Drainer he heard Niya speaking "Says we apologize for that intrusion. Would the Sun Lord mind meeting a select number of us in person at a location he wish in his headquarters? We all came from that sky ship and admit that our hiding status is from a being tracked by a group called High Council-"
He frowned as the Drainer interrupted speaking sounding angry as Niya spoke "Says do not mention that group and their Human trashing propaganda in my face again and don't bother mentioning it to the Sun Lord. His planetary rule will be threatened by them and he'll do what it takes to keep them out of this world Terrania period. Also I believe the Sun Lord will be willing to meet you in person but not all together or at this location. It'll be in his office of meeting people period and only triplet number of you can go period."
Eric didn't comment a response as Niya paused to hear her again speaking as the female Highlander spoke loudly "Says excuse us while we discuss on who's going and who's staying." 
He watched as the Humans and the Highlander pair turned into a circle and appeared to be chattering among each other seemingly lengthy while hearing nothing from Niya as a Human male and the Highlander pair stepped forwards getting onto the stairs and the female Highlander speaking in Summeran translated by Niya "Says we decided, the three of us will go so take us there anyway." 
He watched as the Drainer walked out of view after speaking Summeran followed by the Human male and Highlander pair.
He threw on his mask and went to the door to hear an ahem loudly feeling Niya still clinging to his arm which he removed Niya's hand and signed to her "Niya please stay here for your safety." 
He eyed Niya who sighed loudly before hugging him and then stepped back releasing him which he left the quarters going to the hallway leading to the elevator which he took to his office and sat down eyes onto the doors while sensing a guard standing next to him. His eyes shifted towards the guard as if drawn to notice the Highlander's medallion on the front indicated a lights source and noticed a design hidden behind it to make him think it was involved with Oceana that made him confused. 
He recalled other guards having various designs on their chests hidden by medallions to remember that they indicated other nations other than Oceana making him frown to think while sensing his mind scanned and sensed it wasn't his guard doing it "Is that medallion hiding the design of their nationality or their nations' ruler spying on me?" 
He frowned when he heard from the kiddy plant in the room unexpectedly "Design indicates both. Foreign rulers secretly all agree to say that Americanians can't be guards to Sun Lord period. They think too much Americanian influence due to Sun Lord's headquarters in Americania which they all agree his home should be there. Foreign rulers think people of their nation serving Sun Lord is loyal to them should think better than that due to people have divided loyalties towards rulers and Sun Lord himself. People serving Sun Lord from whatever nation always marked themselves with symbol of where their from out of loyalty towards that nation but sometimes not loyalty towards their nation's ruler."
Eric frowned to eye the door as he continued to hear from the kiddy plant a male "Only Oceana's ruler figured out that design marking meaning and used that to force issues towards you but didn't account of other nationalities guards blabbing to public his issues in some jokey way to humiliate him. President Nikolas's ranting tirade was an act to get Emperor Palin to back off due to Mommy mind scanning him and figuring out what to say just to get it clear on what Sun Lord position involved other than keeping rulers in line. Emperor Palin wound up intended towards a female Human which Mommy told her to get herself to his presence due to saying she was his. Can't say if she had offspring or not due to Mommy telling me to keep my mouth shut and you to ask Emperor Palin on that issue period instead of learning through me or whoever plant wise." 
He heard nothing more from the kiddy plant frowned to eye the door seeing it admit the familiar three people and the Drainer who stood in front of the window arms folded eyes onto the three figures. He eyed the female Highlander with a frown to sense she was familiar like he knew her somewhere along with seeing that familiarity from the male Human and saw it from the male Highlander whose ears were covered by long hair adjusted to be pulled back in some style.  
He eyed the three to hear from the male Human in foreign language hearing from the Drainer translate in Americanian language "Says we three with a group of others come from the warship that is parked outside with no one identifying us as the ship's people. Our reason for hiding is a group the Drainer told us not to name is suspected on tracking us for stealing their warship just to escape a planetary world we were on. The planetary world we left took us through a rocky field which a signal was detected coming from this world Terrania is the name we tracked. We came to land after hearing someone identified as Sun Lord communicated to us permission to do it which we haven't tracked the communication's source instead just landed and got out of our warship by Dream Guardian as their called transporting us out and leaving the warship locked from inside and keeping visitors from going inside." 
He kept his eyes onto the male Human who paused from talking to hear a throat clearing noise from him as the Drainer was heard silent. Eric removed his mask to hear gasps from the three people while hearing nothing from the Drainer or his guard. 
He heard from his guard sounding in his mind "I recommended that you use hand language when communicating your words to them. I'm unsure if the visitors know of Highlanders being mind walkers on Terrania or that there's mind walkers here on this planetary world that haven't been pinpointed as what species they are. I do not know if it's common among my species to be like that regardless of world their on." 
He held up his hands and signed hearing the guard voicing for him "Interesting. You want to explain what you've been doing since you first landed on Terrania?"
Eric narrowed his eyes as the male Human spoke in Summeran followed by the Drainer saying "Says I was the one who competed in the Americanian closing ceremonies for this event Terrania Unity Games which Mia here is the one who also competed besides me doing my events."
He eyed the female Highlander who spoke in Summeran translated by the Drainer "Says that was me doing it. Mia is a nickname due to that I was dubbed Tamyara by my own species on another world. I heard from the city natives that the name is already taken by someone well known as a hero and a Highlander female who was a famous athlete hence me going around with the name of Mia towards the city natives just to keep me apart from this Tamyara."
He eyed the Highlander with ears covered pointing a finger aimed at him to see the male adjust his hair showing his ears were some hybrid version of Highlander and Human from the looks of it and speaking in Summeran which he heard translated "Says my name is Michael and I'm a hybrid of the Highlander and Human species from a certain group manipulating medically to create me due to being descendant of some Human declared deity god. The certain group was expecting me to display some mental abilities that involved eye change which I have managed to keep them from finding out that I have the abilities I doubt Source. They wanted me to be an assassin something I didn't want to be hence me escaping them." 
He stiffened hearing Michael's words involving Source to frown seeing the three giving him narrowed eyed looks which he signed words spoken by guard "Despite my Human appearance I'm not entirely Human but part gonoid with a humanoid form which my hands have some ability to give off poison if I scratch the person. My poison is deadly towards anyone scratched and yes that there's a cure for it which must be injected into them. I'm wearing this breathing device due to that I have an annoying medical condition that makes me blind from time to time without warning unexpectedly hence me wearing it. It keeps me from suffering from the medical condition but with the price tag is that I can't verbalize my worlds and that the condition takes control for awhile without the breathing device on. Also this mask and the clothes I'm wearing is for protection against water of any kind hitting me. Water once it touches my skin acts like poison and brings me down which only a substance called milk injected into me can cure me of that medical issue."
He stood up and folded his arms with a frown forming on his face while eyeing the three manoids to hear screaming sounds. Eric exhaled a breath to kneel next to the desk to see the familiar watery view shifting towards a satellite view which he saw an asteroid come into view. He mentally spoke the command for shields and weapons to be active and saw that happen as the asteroid entered Terrania and he gave the command for fire seeing fireballs arrive hitting the asteroid all over till it crumbled up into dirt mist. Eric heard the screaming stop to see the satellite and watery view stop which he stood up feeling himself fine but a little tired to eye the three seeing his guard nearer them and that they appeared to be in conversation with the guard speaking in Basic overheard subject about him protecting Terrania from harm. 
Eric frowned hearing their conversation as the Drainer spoke loudly in Basic "Anything else or this meeting is over with? I have business to do and I don't attend to stand here all day." 
He saw his guard looking at him which he signed "I agree this meeting is over with. I'll see about having guards assist in having you three and your people get the resources you need to survive on this planetary world Terrania including anywhere you want to live as you like." 
He stopped signing to walk around the desk walking towards the door sensing his guard following which he walked out and took the familiar route to the elevator taking it to his quarters' floor which he walked out and went to the door going inside after it was opened by a guard. Eric exhaled a breath to eye Niya seated on the couch that got up looking at him with some look that made him think she was glaring at him and trying to hide it. He frowned inwardly at the facial expression's look to go towards her to stand putting a hand on her shoulder. He heard screaming sounds in response felt Niya grab him in a hug removing his hand which he kneeled with her clinging to him and saw a satellite view of an orbiting High Council warship that appeared to fire fireballs at the planet he grimacing from seeing. Eric frowned as the warship instead of communicating with him went into the planet which he tracked landed in the exact spot of the Humans' warship he figured was destroyed by the warship firing on it. He heard the screaming stop in response as the water view and satellite views stopped. Eric stood up sensing Niya's hold off of him to see a light flash showing a male with a cane wearing a blue jumpsuit flaring golden eyes that spoke gibberish to him and he found himself transported elsewhere facing a gate and compelled to go through it which he threw on his mask just before he walked through it. Eric found himself in some stadium with various humanoids he recognized some of them as Earth's gonoids before the scene changed again to find himself facing a female Human with looks of familiarity on her facial appearance reminding him of the golden eyed Human male, in some cylinder tube standing facing him. He yanked out the female by manipulating the tube and lifted her up carrying her away from the tube as the scene changed to show a vast cave room with a gate in vicinity. He saw outlines indicating Rakcar hanging around the gate as he walked towards it carrying the female who woke up by her jerking movements and speaking familiar gibberish which he obeyed to discover that she was blind by eyes not registering him or anything and her thrusting down a bendable stick becoming solid onto the ground. Eric frowned as she spoke her gibberish which he led her to the gate and pushed her through it and found himself still in the cave restrained by the hidden Rakcar having hands on his arms yanking him away from it. Eric felt annoyance take hold as he was forced to kneel then mask yanked off followed by three whining squeals heard as the hidden Rakcar all three of them appeared in front of him chattering in their foreign language. He narrowed his eyes of annoyance glaring at the Rakcar as they each stopped their jabbering and hit the ground bodies crumbling up to flatness status. He yanked on his mask and went into the gate to come out finding himself back in the familiar stadium arms grabbed by two humanoids with Human bodies and heads of a bird gonoid that yanked him towards a set of stairs and halted their process. He found the familiar High Council group was seated on the dais and standing in front of them were two Humanoids one with wings reminding him of some male version of a female Shadonian and the other was purple skinned with a Shadonian appearance on the face in a feminine form with no wings seen. He felt his mask yanked off along with his mind scanned seeing the two Humanoids bow their heads and stopped their arms waving while holding long knife weapons in their hands. 
He narrowed his eyes in a glare at the High Council finding his mind was being scanned by them and it seemed lengthy then the humanoids raised their heads followed by the male speaking in Basic he heard "Anybus put this manoid through the travel gate now. His purpose of being here is done." 
Eric found the bird head humanoids hauling him towards a gate off the side of the dais and got his mask tossed over his head which he adjusted and was pushed through the gate as an image flashed in his mind. He came out of the gate feeling himself cold all over felt urged to walk forwards in a direction seeing nothing but whirling snow blinding him which he obeyed to find his hands hit a wall which slid open and his arms were grabbed which he didn't resist as compelled and walked through the doorway hearing the wall slam shut behind him and found himself in a short hallway feeling some warmth emanating from the end which he walked through and found himself in some barroom with various natives of Terrania gathered inside all becoming silent seeing him enter the room. He folded his arms and stood with head bowed hearing a door slam shut sound behind him while scanning the room from his eyesight to spot the Felidaes' leader Sheik seated at the bar cane in hand slowly drinking from a cup while eyeing him back. He looked around the room spotting various males and didn't spot any females among the group and noticed that some were drinking from cups while eyeing him with ranges of emotions on their faces and eyes. Eric kept his head bowed but eyed the manoids warily all over the place seemingly lengthy while exploring the room within his eyesight. He kept to himself during the duration of the snowstorm blowing outside while noticing none of the manoids seemed interested in conversing with him as they whispered among each other while they appeared to be keeping an eye onto him back. 
Eric heard a loud siren sound loudly followed by silence to hear in Americanian from one of the manoids sounding Felidae to him "Storms over!"
He didn't comment a response raised his head and unfolded his arms to walk out of the barroom manipulating the sliding door to the hallway to find a Wiser in there that gave him a head bob before yanking open the door which he walked out finding the bar was at the border entrance to the city of Atlanta. He exhaled a breath finding city natives coming out of buildings in his vicinity some noticing him to give ranges of emotions on their faces and eyes seeing him in their view as he recalled the way to the headquarters took a walking route towards the building. He noticed on the way natives getting out of his walking way and noticed that some of them were following or escorting him to notice that they were the city's police force by their clothing indicating that and found them halting traffic in roads when he went to cross on the way to the headquarters which he found his escort kept it up till he arrived to the building to find two of his familiar guards outside that looked relieved to see him by the looks of their eyes but didn't display it on their faces. 
He didn't comment a response to them instead strode inside the building to find his way blocked by a guard holding up a hand and speaking "A minute of your time, Your Majesty."
Eric stopped walking to fold his arms and gave the guard a glare who lowered his hand and spoke "The Dream Guardians report through one of us that the High Council's warship destroyed the sitting warship on the field and landed in its place with the crew aboard transported off planet all except one which was revealed to be some Builder named Larry who was responsible for you being off planet."
He didn't comment a response instead narrowed his eyes as the guard kept talking "Larry in question turned out to be a bit power mad as in wanting your titled position hence he manipulating guards to announce that he had taken over which the manipulation wound up stopped by the Dream Guardians once the guards were out of Larry's sight. As for Larry in question one of the guards got the upper hand onto him and injected him while he was out asleep in some drugged status through food nourishment, with a sample of your poison into his neck and through tests by doctor made sure his talking ability was destroyed before giving him the antidote. Larry wound up transported elsewhere by the Dream Guardians who say that they have put him where he'll be contained for the remainder of his life living on Terrania with Builders living to manipulate him to their own wishes." 
He frowned hearing that but felt relieved as the guard continued talking "Larry was observed trying to act mating like towards the Mistress by his behavior which Hades unsure if that is His Excellency President Nikolas himself was seen appearing in a light show attacking Larry each time he acted any mating like behavior towards the Mistress herself. We managed to get the Dream Guardians to admit that Hades is immune to Builder voice orders something they took advantage of along with saying that they had the Drainer target Larry whenever he tried anything mating towards the Mistress. They have refused to admit if this Hades is His Excellency President Nikolas or another Hades doing the attacks on Larry. We haven't had any luck on getting a communiqué towards His Excellency President Nikolas on this subject due to his Drainer guards hanging around in the lobby have refused our requests to question him on the subject or deliver any messages regarding this to him."
Eric felt his mood become foul as the guard added "The Drainers from their words have unofficially or officially, unsure on that, picked His Excellency President Nikolas for the position of Drainer Lord and ruler of all Drainers due to rumor going around that His Excellency's predecessor to the President title was heard said to give up the Drainer Lord position but haven't said who she gave up the title to or indicate who was picked for that position. The Drainers around the city when questioned on that position have refused to talk on the subject and have acted belligerent towards manoids asking them that along with targeting the questioner with their fists along with feeding methods. I thought I would inform you of what's going on." 
He felt his mind scanned mentally spoke towards the guard finding his mood not good "Fine. What about that High Council warship parked where it is, anything on them?"
He glared at the guard who spoke "The Dream Guardians have admitted to getting the warship locked down ironclad where no one except by them transporting can enter it and have balked people's requests to enter that warship including admitting to manipulating people to stay away from it along with leaving it alone intact. They have admitted to come to this conclusion that the High Council would leave Terrania alone if the group via warship finds one of their warships intact and parked on the planet and would think that the planet is under High Council control and won't be tempted to land onto it instead go elsewhere. They also admitted to something called a satellite holding information on the warship's scans of Terrania to transmit some kind of computer like information towards any orbiting High Council warship with information manipulated to make the group think that the planetary world's natives aren't that advanced enough to create off planet technology. They also said that the information was manipulated to remind the warship's natives of the High Council having a policy of letting the planetary natives figure out how to make off planet technology themselves without any help from the group period. That's all we got from the Dream Guardians regarding the High Council. Anything else on the High Council you would have to ask them personally due to that they have said that you'll have to ask them alone period. They won't say if they'll give you the answers to your questions regarding the group instead kept saying that you have to ask alone and refused to say on whether they'll answer your questions or not despite us asking them that."
Eric again felt his mind scanned as the guard became silent "Fine I need to see Niya." 
He got the guard getting out of his way which he went into the elevator and found himself accompanied by four guards inside which he felt the thing move and stop at a familiar floor which he walked out yanking off his mask and found his quarters having two guards in front both females which one opened the door for him. He walked inside to find Niya seated in an armchair head bowed and appearing to be staring at her hands on her lap. He went to Niya to gently rub a hand on her head feeling charges of pleasure hitting him from him touching her. 
He heard a sigh from Niya followed by her speaking sounding upset "I need to sleep. I haven't had any sleep since you were gone due to how painful my pains were feeling. Larry made it impossible for me to relax and get some rest due to him repeatedly trying to target me for some mating issue over and over which some Drainer, Hades I guess is him kept attacking him off with fists." 
He exhaled a breath to remove his hand to gently grab Niya's arm and lifted her off the chair taking her to the bedroom she not resisting and once inside felt himself filmed and tired let go of Niya and went to his dresser to strip off his uniform and boots which he put on his gloves and pajama pants due to compulsion to wear them to his annoyance. He got into bed and lay on his back shutting his eyes hearing a door slam sound and frowned as he passed out unconscious. 

Eric came to feeling a familiar irritation hitting him jerked open his eyes and feeling himself better rested but itching to do something about the feeling got up and darted into the bathroom. 
He came out to find Niya gone from the bedroom and not in sight as he sensed himself filmed from senses alerting him of that and heard from the plant "Guards sensed want to talk to you on something but subject is bad." 
He heard nothing more from the kiddy plant exhaled a breath to go to his dresser exchanging his gloves and pajama pants for his underwear, uniform and boots which he once dressed walked out to find guards avoiding meeting his eyes and heard one speaking "Your Majesty please take in nourishment for you need it anyway." 
Eric obeyed finding himself terribly hungry gobbled up the food and forced himself to sip the drink for water which he gulped it down along with finding another cup of liquid which he did his taste test then gulped it down. 
He exhaled a breath once done to stand up with arms folded going to near the couch to eye a guard standing near there that spoke "We admit it that while Larry was asleep in some drugged status a recorder dome was placed in your bedroom with recorder permanently set to record anything by movement detected in there. This is what we recorded so view the TV." 
He obeyed to stare at the TV monitor seeing the screen went from blue to an overhead view of himself lying in bed with the bedroom door in vicinity seen. He frowned as he saw Niya come into view holding a cup full of clear liquid with a glare on her face appearing to be drinking from it by sips seen then watched as she went around the bed to his side and in view poured the cup's liquid onto his front dumping it entirely onto him. He stiffened seeing that as the door to the bedroom was burst open showing three guards darting inside heading towards Niya which on their touch gave up a fight using karate moves he recognized onto them as a fourth guard came into the room carrying a bag full of white liquid while having a syringe attached and jammed the needle into his front as he lay unconscious on the bed to see the bag's liquid drain into him. Eric watched as the guards got the upper hand onto Niya appearing to be scanning her mind by appearing to anticipate her karate moves aimed at them to get her down on the floor and handcuffed then hauled her out of sight through the bedroom door she struggling in their hands' grips.
He saw the TV monitor turn blue to hear from the guard loudly "The Mistress from mind scans was thinking of being someone else identified as Georgina Visser and wanting someone else as her mate who reportedly from our history had a Drainer Human as her mate identified as Nikolas himself."
Eric stiffened from the guard's words as the guard continued "The Mistress is currently contained in the spare bedroom here hiding in the private room while under observation by recorder in the bedroom and it appears that she has managed to free herself from the restraints we put on her to keep her chained to the bed. She has refused our efforts to come out of the private room instead have locked herself in there and has balked on coming out despite our threats to break down the door." 
He didn't comment a response went to the spare bedroom yanking open the door to sense himself filmed to spot a camera dome in the corner on the ceiling which he went to the bathroom's door finding it locked. He rapped a fist onto the door three times to hear a faint go away from Niya sounding angry from her. 
Eric recalled his Source abilities involving unlocking the door only to hear from a kiddy plant in the room on the desk "Don't bother. Nikolas teaching Niya lesson on oath he and Georgina made on Georgina's deathbed about keeping her safe from harm and having her as someone else's mate if that meant keeping her protected." 
He heard nothing more from the kiddy plant stepped back from the door and stood with arms folded forming a glare on his face eyes onto it seemingly lengthy to him as the door opened showing Niya who's head was bowed that wordlessly walked up to him which he spotted Hades in the doorway behind her that disappeared in a flash of light. 
Eric eyed Niya to hear from her "I'm sorry Eric." 
He heard nothing more from Niya as she kneeled while rocking her form and giving off wailing sounds of sadness to him. He felt compelled to stand obeyed keeping his arms folded while eyeing Niya who kept her head bowed and continued on wailing while doing her movements. 
Eric mentally spoke while still feeling compelled to stand "Argh you kiddy plant. Why can't I comfort Niya in her sad bout anyway?"
He heard nothing to answer his question in response as Niya's sad bout stopped abruptly followed by her standing up and saw her raise her head to eye him in the eyes seeing her form a grimace look as he found himself glaring at her with an angry look on his face. He felt himself ranges of emotions running through him kept the angry look on his face as he glared at Niya who stopped forming a grimace instead wiped her tear stained face and eyes with the sleeves of her jacket and stood facing him with a frown on he continued to glare at her. 
Eric heard from the kiddy plant "Georgina never let Nikolas do anything other than just joining when it comes to mating rituals. She used excuse of Emperor Palin touching her wrongly to avoid Nikolas's touch including using Nikolas himself a jealous male as an excuse to keep males from touching her including her own male offspring from doing any touching towards her. Georgina dominated relationship with Nikolas after they were allowed to be together which continued till she got sick and was said to be dying." 
He narrowed his eyes aiming them at Niya hearing nothing else from the kiddy plant as he raised his hands uncurling them from fists seeing her grimace and signed "Which one are you Georgina or Niya and talk on that now!"
He resumed fisting his hands and folded his arms and resumed glaring at Niya who appeared to gulp before speaking "I'm Niya. I forgot something involving Georgina that have me acting this way which Hades reminded me of that thing and I recall it fully. I'm Niya anyway." 
He heard the unsure of her voice tone signed "You don't sound sure of that Niya as you say you are." 
He resumed folding his arms while giving her a glare as she appeared to gulp again and spoke "Look Eric I don’t expect you to get it that I have memories and feelings of Georgina Visser that make me feel like her from time to time instead of acting like your Niya so cut it with this ridiculous interrogation now." 
Eric heard from kiddy plant in response "She's not kidding on that talk. Nikolas the current one has similar feelings of being the previous Nikolas with memories of him including memories of your son Eric Junior fully in his mind that makes him put off on pursuing Niya due to her being Eric Junior's mother and that your son's creation is reason why he came to exist."
He heard nothing else from the kiddy plant unfolded his arms and took Niya's arm she not resisting and pulled her out of the bedroom going into the living room to notice guards there which he ignored going into his bedroom slamming the door. 
He released his hold off Niya's arm and signed with her looking at him "Take off your clothes now!"
He glared at her as he stripped himself of his clothes and boots seeing her doing it to her clothes out of the corners of his eyes and dumped the items into the dresser drawer while pulling out his gloves and grabbed the breathing device to stand naked pointing a finger at the bed while seeing her naked. 
He glared at her as she obeyed to lay her form down onto the bed which he got onto the bed putting the breathing device between the pillows and heard from the kiddy plant in the room "Just join her and nothing else. She'll get it that you want her as Niya and not as Georgina and will act like her from now on." 
He didn't think of a response felt himself itching to mate got his form on top of Niya to roll his eyes from the feeling of pleasure hitting him her skin touching his skin. He exhaled a breath through his mouth as he heard a loud sigh from Niya and felt Niya's legs part wrapping around his seat in a familiar lock hold while feeling her hands on his shoulders nails not doing their familiar digging. Eric focused his eyes onto Niya's face seeing her eyes were closed with some pleasant expression on the facial area as he brought his gloved hands behind her back making sure that the fingers were digging into the bed and lowered his face kissing her on the lips. He sensed Niya kissing him back by the lips' movements and felt her hands running through his hair while appearing to be massaging his scalp from the feel. He broke off the kiss to stare at Niya seemingly lengthy as her hands stopped their movements and went to his shoulders. He kept on staring at her as she opened her eyes and stared at him back finding his mood not anger but saw she had the familiar look of affection in the eyes. 
Eric frowned inwardly forming pleading on his face as Niya gave off a sigh sound and spoke "My sweet Eric." 
He kept the look on his face while hearing her tone didn't seem affection to him while continuing on eyeing Niya in the eyes to hear her again give off a sigh sound and then she spoke "Alright Eric I admit it I water poisoned you on purpose just to get rid of you so I would pursue someone else due to me feeling like Georgina at the moment when I did that to you." 
He dug his gloved covered nails further into the bed in response but kept the pleading look on his face as he stared at Niya in the eyes feeling some pain from the digging which he ignored the sensation continued to stare at her. 
He heard from Niya "Eric I hate it when you do that to me make me say which one I'm supposed to be feeling despite feeling like either Niya or Georgina from time to time back and forth. I can't do a thing about those feelings hitting me unexpectedly or being triggered by anything popping up along with memories of Georgina popping up unexpectedly enough to make me feel like her instead of feeling like Niya which is what I'm supposed to be doing towards you and people." 
He adjusted his position and with a jerk thrust himself fully up to the hilt inside Niya as he felt a charge of pleasure hitting him. 
He eyed Niya who gave out a loud gasp sound then she added "Ooh figures on what people were trying to tell me involving me staying as your mate. Harrumph now I get it what they meant." 
Eric again dug his fingers into the bed while keeping himself still eyeing Niya in the eyes who met his eyes and she continued speaking "Eric, you already know that answer to what I'm talking about by that look in your eyes you're giving me which I can sense that you're feeling what I'm feeling at the moment." 
He felt himself not protesting to Niya's comment instead lowered himself and kissed her on the lips feeling her kissing him back which he broke it off and resumed staring at her in the eyes feeling himself still itching to do more mating despite fully inside her. 
Niya he eyed gave off another sigh sound and spoke "Alright I admit it that Georgina dominated the relationship with Nikolas after they were allowed to be together including the issue of mating. She had Nikolas use words whenever he needed to get some mating done due to mating urges hitting him by having him tell her that he had the urges. He couldn't fool her whenever he tried to get her to mate by using the mating urges as an excuse whenever their not hitting him and he just wanted to mate. The reason he couldn't fool her was by how he sounded to her along with the expression on his face seen whenever those mating urges hit him including his behavior which was how she figured out when he had to mate. She balked on letting him just mate with her whenever he was in the mood to do it and not by mating urges. She also balked on letting Nikolas do anything else mating issue wise other than what we're doing at the moment." 
Eric gave up a thrust movement and again got himself fully inside her up to the hilt while again staring at Niya who sighed again and spoke "Alright Georgina's actual issues related to mating was seeing Nikolas's intended mate, she didn't know at the time of that intended issue, I believe she's Raisa herself flashing in her mind acting in some threatening way whenever she and Nikolas mated. Georgina figured out from that image of Raisa that there was something wrong going on related to Nikolas and thought that the Orcan the species are called back then flashing in her mind was warning her of something which she couldn't figure out at all and avoided the mating only doing it whenever Nikolas had mating urges hitting him period." 
Eric gave up two thrust movements and again got himself fully inside Niya as she continued talking "Eric, Georgina nearing the end of her life figured out what was really going on with that image of Raisa flashing in her mind whenever she mated with Nikolas. She managed to contact Merra and told her a way to keep Nikolas from playing that stunt of rejecting some female for her if either one were reborn again by telling the plant that she had to be paired to a male that had very strong values in keeping his female at all costs including strong enough to fight off Nikolas himself if he tried that stunt again."
Eric gently kissed Niya on the lips as she paused then broke it off and found her continuing speaking "My angry reaction you saw towards Nikolas was him confirming what Georgina figured out related towards Raisa which she back then hadn't gotten any confirmation instead was told by Merra that she had to get Nikolas to oath to her that he would give her up including having another male have her as his in matters of protecting her from harm which would be a reason to keep him from targeting her again after being reborn."
He exhaled a breath while staring at Niya who paused to clear her throat then felt her running fingers through his hair again as she kept talking "Merra admitted to Georgina on her deathbed that she managed to tell Teorjer back then of the stunt Nikolas pulled. She manipulated Georgina herself to speak the oath towards Nikolas due to Georgina too sick to think of speaking it. Teorjer not the one back then but the present one after the present Nikolas came to exist confessed to me at the hospital after I woke up that he made sure that Nikolas back then was fully aware of the oath Georgina said to him and made sure that he would keep it period regardless of being reborn or not by insisting to him to keep it period. It was him according to Merra overhearing their talk who reminded the present Nikolas of the oath said by Georgina and he insisted that Nikolas keep it period."
Eric gave up three thrust movements and adjusted himself till he was still inside Niya fully up to the hilt as she paused from talking. He exhaled a breath feeling charges of pleasure hitting him each time he entered Niya and continued to feel the feeling hitting him while still inside her as he stared at her in the eyes his fingers relaxing from their digging into the bed underneath her back. 
Eric eyed Niya who sighed again and spoke "While you were out asleep by that water poisoning I had an interesting conversation with a kiddy plant. Subject talking about Georgina telling Nikolas an oath that he would give her up to another just to protect her from harm, which I kept on denying saying it despite the kiddy plant's insisting. Ugh. It was Nikolas himself in that private room who confirmed hearing that oath from Georgina. I wasn't happy to hear instead kept on saying that oath was a stunt just to trash Nikolas himself due to him pulling a stunt of rejecting a female for Georgina herself which she found out nearing the end of her life and was thinking negatively toward Nikolas enough to want to say something just to get him to reject her which I voiced this to him. Ugh Eric, Nikolas in response whined in some whining familiar tone that you would put up a big fight when it comes to trying to get you to give me up to him. I thought Nikolas was just whining about you footing his seat easily when it comes to physical combat battles due to seeing that happen between the two of you and I voiced that. Argh Nikolas instead said this quote 'I’m not talking about physical combat battles but his attitude towards females especially when having one as his mate' got me to remember you had a female before me who passed away and how badly you reacted towards that death."
Eric stiffened hearing that from Niya who kept on talking "I recall that you had some kind of obsessed attitude towards me and my well being including your behavior you reacted whenever I was hurt from medical ailments got me to realize what Nikolas was talking about meaning big fight and that you would resist very strongly to give me up to him." 
He exhaled a breath through his mouth as Niya's hands were felt on the back of his neck clasped together which he eyed her in the eyes seeing affection in them as she continued talking "After I remembered what I was supposed to remember regarding Nikolas I got the upper hand onto him by telling him in some angry rude tone that he won't get away with rejecting a female as his mate for another time which he looked embarrassed hearing that from me despite his face seen. I sort of hit Nikolas where it hurts the most before snarling in his face that the mating with him was the lousiest I ever had and my reason for avoiding it was Raisa, his intended mate kept on being blared in my mind looking threatening whenever I mated with him which he appeared to get it what I was talking about by the expression on his face. Then I snarled at him that Eric Junior my son with you was how Nikolas himself came to exist after he became Hades and that he shouldn't forget it period. I also yelled at Nikolas that he's terrible when it comes to picking people as friends, family and mates judging them by their appearance due to remembering him doing it to people when Georgina was allowed to have him as her mate for a time period before she passed away."
He frowned as he heard the smile in Niya's voice tone as Niya kissed him on the lips then broke it off to speak "I was going to give Nikolas a ranting tirade on why we both shouldn't be together is when Merra interrupted saying that I had my turn and it was her turn to scold him which I yelled at him to stay away from me and pursue someone else as his mate then left the private room to face you."
He gave up several thrusting movements halting once he was back in his familiar position inside Niya while seeing her eyes form a far away look which he kissed her on the lips feeling her lips move in response to his. Eric tightened his arms' hold around Niya as he broke off the kiss to stare at her in the eyes seeing her eyes had affection in them felt her hand on his cheek rubbing which he pushed into it. 
He heard from Niya "My sweet Eric." 
Eric smiled hearing the affection tone in her voice seeing her smile in return followed by feeling her fingernails digging into his cheek making him stiffen. 
He frowned stopping smiling as Niya formed a glare on her face followed by her speaking sounding angry but firm "I expect you to give Nikolas and whoever a big fight if they think of pursuing me as a mate or think I belong to someone else. I'm going to be furious with you if you don’t do that big fight attitude towards anyone thinking of keeping the both of us apart despite us being mates. So don't you dare give me up easily regardless of what people say or do about us paired together." 
He bobbed his head in a Human styled yes gesture in response as he felt Niya's hand off his cheek to his relief followed by feeling it back on the back of his neck with her other hand clasped together and her legs tightening their holds around him. He saw Niya shift her eyes to form a far away expression on her face. 
He frowned as Niya spoke "Ooh this feels good, much better than mating with that Nikolas. Ugh Nikolas was lousy when it came to mating. He didn't feel right inside me instead felt cold and hard and was more like jamming not caring about hurting me whenever he did the mating ritual to me. I avoided doing it to him but had to put up with his ridiculous mating urges he kept on claiming on having from time to time including falling for his pleading whenever he wanted to mate. Ugh. A pity that Nikolas will have to learn that appearances are deceiving and that my sweet Eric isn't just what Legendians are said to be towards people."
He exhaled a breath hearing that as Niya continued talking "My sweet Eric is just what I want from a male as my mate. Perfect for mating for he feels just right inside me and gives me the perfect feeling I wanted hmm, hmm just right."
He eyed Niya who shut her eyes forming a pleasant expression on her face as he felt urged to mate further obeyed to the feeling began thrusting in and out of her while feeling charges of pleasure hitting him each time he entered her. He shook as he spilled himself inside Niya while hearing her give off a soft moan sound but saw her eyes remained shut with the pleasant expression still on there along with her hands felt running through his hair. Eric felt himself still wanting to mate did another round while having hands on her hips keeping her in place and again spilled himself inside her which he placed his hands on her back holding her in a hug and kissed her on the lips. He broke the kiss off to stare at Niya's face to see her expression remained pleasant which he smirked as he brought his hands to her breasts fondling the nipples and stroking them. Eric heard a loud gasp from Niya while feeling her arch into his hands' manipulations as she kept her eyes shut and gave off soft moaning sounds sounding pleasant to him. He adjusted his position till he could kiss her on the neck on the front while still fondling her breasts. Eric felt Niya arch some more underneath his manipulations while giving off her familiar noises. He trailed kisses up to Niya's lips kissing her while feeling her kiss him back in response while gripping his shoulders with her hands on them. He removed his hands putting them underneath her back fingers flexing into the bed and broke off the kiss to hear a loud sigh from Niya as he felt himself no longer feeling like mating but spent and satisfied. He felt regret as he pulled out of Niya not resisting to that and sat up on the bed picking her up to sideways putting her on his lap in a hug with arms around her his side of his chin leaning against her forehead as he hugged her sensing she not resisting to it. Eric eyed the door with a frown as he hugged Niya fully in his arms due to senses blaring warning abruptly. He eyed it to hear a bang sound followed by a thud forced Niya out of his arms to lie on the bed putting the blanket up to her chest seeing she had fallen asleep. He got out of bed grabbing the breathing device as he continued to hear banging sounds along with thuds sounding out of the room to hear the doorknob rattling loudly before the sound stopped which he turned around to face the door seeing it open a bit a jar before slamming shut. 
Eric heard from the kiddy plant "Mommy made Nikolas watch recording of you and her mating. Included everything Niya said and what she said regarding him when mating with her. He's furious hearing that. He takes out anger onto your guards, punching uses, no feeding. He's still in punching mood might target you, doesn't matter who he punches as long as he stops being angry."
He frown hearing that as kiddy plant continued talking "Mommy got his mate Lailia is her name, an Orca an ocean based Trigan near him but she wait till he stops being punchy to say anything towards him. Lailia thinks he'll be punchy towards her so she waits for Nikolas to stop being punchy. Punchy will take awhile to pass. Go to sleep Eric. Nothing you can do to help Nikolas with punchy behavior." 
He felt sleepiness in response hitting him shook his head and got into bed thrusting part of the blanket up to his chest and adjusted Niya to spoon fashion her in a tight hold who didn't stir from her slumber. 
He shut his eyes passing out unconscious to come to hearing sounding in his mind along with feeling of the sunlight blaring onto him "Your Majesty its time to get up now."
Eric jerked open his eyes to glare at the door seeing it open with a guard peering out that mentally spoke "His Excellency President Nikolas has said to us via Dream Guardian to tell you that that he is currently at the hospital attending the birth of his offspring after he acquired a mate mysteriously he dubs by this name of Lailia. He and she appearing to be some Trigan were caught mating in your spare bedroom via recorders alerting guards of them doing it before they got transported out aka Dream Guardian doing it to the hospital to attend to the offspring's birth. His Excellency told us off on blabbing to the public on Lailia's existence. Instead he made it clear that he'll be the one to announce her existence to the public and said that he'll execute people if word got out on her before he does the announcement." 
Eric frowned hearing that as the guard shut the door blocking his view of him which he rolled Niya over and brought one of her hands to his cheek and kissed her on the lips hearing her moan some pleasant sound followed by her other hand touching his cheek in some soothing movement. 
He broke it off to stare at her as she opened her eyes and spoke "Hmm this is good with the wake up. I admit it I sort of fell asleep courtesy of the kiddy plant saying that I needed to sleep so I did that. Being waked up by you is just what I need." 
Eric exhaled a breath and inhaled to gently kiss Niya on the lips and with regret broke it off to get out of her holds and out of bed going to the dresser to put on his underwear shorts and uniform along with boots which he managed to hook up his breathing device to the underwear just before putting on the uniform. He rubbed a hand on his forehead to eye Niya brushing her hair with a hairbrush and saw her put it up in a tail looking different from the tail style he have seen her wear since she omitted the dressy part of the uniform. He eyed her to recognize that the tail style was the same style she had before her uniform alterations. Eric went to her as she put down the hairbrush which he adjusted her jacket to peer at her front she not protesting it. He eyed her front to see the top was appearing to be some loose top from the looseness seen and noticed an outline indicating some underwear top underneath it. He adjusted her jacket straightening it in front of Niya then hugged her hearing her sigh loudly from it.

Eric's Story: Epilogue on his permission 

Eric interrupted his storytelling to give out a loud roar while adding "I noticed" roar "that Niya's uniform" roar "was more" roar "on the" roar "masculine side." roar, "But it had a" roar "feminine jacket look" roar "I figured was her." roar. "Georgina's personality." roar.
Eric shook his head while repeatedly giving out roars which Recorder noticed his eyes were entirely black and he kept on shaking his head into some no gesture. 
Breaker appeared next to Eric, appearing after a whining squeal and heard speaking "About time for you to be down asleep in bed. You've been up awake too long and it's your body forcing you to sleep hence these ridiculous hissy fits you're giving."
Eric roared in response, sensing that Breaker was correct but got up and snarled "Just" roar "Guide" roar "Me" roar "to" roar "My" roar "Quarters" roar "Breaker!"
Breaker managed to speak in response his familiar Builder chatter followed by sensing Eric put asleep by a Meritanian blaring loudly, sounding of Tank "Nighty night smarty."
Eric disappeared in a white light show.

Epilogue: Breaker

Breaker gave the High Council servant a glare once he got Eric transported out to his quarters he saw via TV monitors was put to bed asleep by Blackie and Whitney appearing from hidden status and laying the male down onto the bed who remained passed out unconscious. He shut off the TV monitor and glared at the High Council's servant with annoyance running through him.
Breaker spoke "Something you, High Council want from me? Hence Meritanians haven't transported this servant out?"
He kept the glare as the High Council servant in response removed the mask he hissing a breath of shock hitting him recognizing her as Katherine Zeskaya, wife of Alexei Zesky as seen via pictures on Alexei's dresser in his room. 
He gulped as Katherine spoke sounding alien to him "Just want to give you the heads up, is that Edenia kicked out the High Council out of Aire on refusal to disband."
"Ain't kidding on that." He heard sounded of Tank's voice blaring in his mind as Katherine added ignoring the blaring "Besides you want to explain something involving cloning people on the requests of the High Council, not sparing myself, Katherine Montreal and doing a clone of Victoria Montreal, daughter of Jinks Montreal? I want a good explanation, Breaker to this cloning stunt."
Breaker gulped but opened his mouth only to feel a clawed hand clamp over it, he stiffened, from the coldness feeling hitting him, whenever in presence of the Timer, the machine with a brain organ implant in it. The Timer, a creepy hooded figure in entirely black color, tall as he was, appeared in next to him off his right, to his gulping, from a hidden status and rotated itself around to face Katherine he assumed he'll call her, while still keeping a hand over his mouth. 
Breaker gulped further as Katherine formed an all black eyed look and she spoke in a creepy voice tone "Truthseeker, don't keep Breaker from telling me the truth. I know your name is Timer, but your actual name is Truthseeker, father of Tom himself."
Breaker gulped hearing Katherine's words finding Timer in response removing his hand and fading from view, via hidden status, he hearing "Tell her the truth of what you know regarding her cloning, Breaker. Don't use the files."
He frowned hearing the creepy voice sounding in his mind, sounding of Timer, obeyed to speak the story, while seeing Katherine typing onto the laptop, rapid fired paced. 

The End?
