Eric Book Series: Eric's Journal
Copyright Beth Hoyer 2015
Published at Smashwords
This eBook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. If you would like to share this eBook with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.

Prologue: Journal Starts:
"I am Eric I am Terrania, Sun Lord, ruler of them all. I rule with my control of poisonous clawed hands. I rule as a Legendian. I rule as a leader and ruler of them all. I am the one, the living record of Earth, to survive Terrania. Now I will survive Terra as her ruler. I rule as a ruler, ruler of them all. I am the Sun Lord, ruler of Terrania. I am Eric, as I am known, to select few. I am Terrania to them all. I rule as I will, from the darkness to the light. I am the ruler of them all." 

Journalistic writings:
Eric sat mediating hearing a cry of distress sounding in his ear. He frowned hearing the noise for it reminded him of his sister Arielia's voice speaking in distress. He opened his eyes and picked up a cell phone a device sitting next to him on the pillow of his mediation room. He opened the cell phone with a gloved hand and dialed a number. 
Eric sat and waited as the voice of Kossman, in a Human form, answered speaking "Hello yes?"
He found the device attached to his throat working as he moved his lips words speaking in a familiar squeaky voice "Check on Arielia. I think she's in trouble."
Kossman in response spoke "You sure of this?"
Eric spoke in response "Are you doubting the Terrania on this, Kossman?"
He heard from Kossman "You and that planet connection again."
He spoke "Don't doubt me and my connection to Terra as she calls herself now."
Eric heard "Alright I'll check on Arielia ASAP as in tracking her via her location. I'll call back with news."
He obeyed to hang up the cell phone as Kossman hung up. Eric got up while still clad in his familiar white pants put on his tank top, from Raisa whining of him, going around shirtless making the females ogle him. He sighed and left the mediation room via covered porch. picking up the cell phone. Eric entered the living room part of the apartment in the city of Berlin, in the European country of Germany. He sighed feeling annoyed finding out that Americania, was entirely a plant covered nation, dub Canada, in North America's continent that kicked out people. Mostly via transportation orders done onto natives to live elsewhere, which he wound up in Berlin, for the city was twin to Atlanta, by the looks of it after a transportation order was done onto him. Eric paused from walking to eye Raisa, his female mate sitting in her wheelchair next to the couch, watching the flat screened TV while having his son, Niyan on her lap. Niyan, he spotted appeared to have fallen asleep while sitting on his Mother's lap. Eric sighed and went to Raisa to gently kiss her on the cheek while making sure a part of his skin via arm was touching her arm just to make sure she didn't choke from his poisonous lips. Eric sighed as Raisa accepted the kiss but appeared to be distracted by the TV. It was blaring a scene of a space ship liftoff to space from the United States' land that arrived soon after Edenia and Humania left the planet Terrania. 
He sighed finding Raisa gave a sound of disgust then without another word shut off the TV via verbalized order "TV off!"
Eric frowned while eyeing Raisa who lifted up Niyan and spoke to him as the child remained asleep "See him to his bedroom in his big boy bed now. It's about time he slept in that thing."
Eric didn't protest as Raisa handed him the child. He carried Niyan to the child's bedroom and placed him into his big boy bed as Raisa called it. Eric found Niyan remained asleep instead of waking up. It appeared his son was passed out unconscious to him, after a few nights of being up and awake causing havoc with the natives of the building. Such as getting out of the apartment to running in the hallway screaming his head off while waving his gloved hands in some terror method. Eric couldn't get it to himself why his son was doing that. Only Raisa appeared to know the reason why their son was doing it. 
Eric recalled that Raisa said to him "He's indicating a connection to Terra like his Father has at the moment. Hence his temper tantrums to talk about it. He's still clueless that he should be speaking his words and signing when he prefers to throw noisy tantrums instead."
Eric found that Raisa spoke her comment in a firm voice tone and appeared to not want to talk about it by what she said to his questions "The subject is closed!"
He sighed and left the bedroom going to the living room finding Raisa still sitting in her chair and refusing the couch or armchairs and appeared to be sleeping to him. Eric groaned and without a word went back to his mediation room to resume kneeling and mediating. He wound up focusing onto Kossman, in a Human form instead of his Zeskaya form hiding around Terra causing sabotage, via his mind. He saw via his mind an image of Kossman walking in the cold of snow while wearing a coat. He figured that Kossman was somewhere in the United States' state territory of Great Britain from the looks of it. He figured that it was where Arielia was. Kossman paused from walking as Eric saw, as he stood in the cold staring at the house. He adjusted his gloves and straightened his winter coat. He walked up the sidewalk in the snow towards the screened porch. He opened the door and walked towards the front door and knocked. The door opened as a man with black hair pulled back covering his ears and an Asian face stood dressed in blue jeans with a red sweatshirt on his form. Eric grimaced recognizing the look of a Highlander hiding among the natives of Terra who no longer called their species by the name of Highlander. Instead the species referred themselves by the name of Elf for one and Elves for more than one. 
The man stared at Kossman with an annoyed look on his face who spoke “I’m looking for Arielia. Is she here?”
The man looked behind him then slowly closed the door as Kossman added “You’re not human.”
The man stared at him with the same annoyed look on his face as Kossman continued “I know what you are.” 
The door opened wider showing a young Asian woman wearing blue overalls and a white turtleneck underneath standing next to the man with arms folded like the man her black hair was pulled back covering her ears. 
Kossman spoke “Mind if I come in? I don’t want to stand in the cold.” 
The Asian man stared at the woman who gave a flick of her head and he opened the door wider. Kossman stepped inside sighing feeling the heat. He stood in the hallway as the front door closed behind him while facing the stairs winding up and followed the woman further into the house. She went through a room with a table and chairs with six Asians male and female all with their black hair pulled back covering their ears, sitting at the table writing in their notebooks while looking through books. They looked up to see Kossman with curiosity looks on their faces as he passed them following the Asian woman. They went through a doorway to reach a room with a couch facing a fireplace with a fire roaring away. There were several armchairs in the room scattered. Eric sighed seeing Arielia sitting on the couch with an Asian female sitting next to her. He saw that she appeared to be in the middle of teaching the female sign language with her hands while speaking the words with her voice. Kossman waved his hands while walking towards Arielia who noticed him turned to face him. 
He hand signed “Arielia, you alright?”
Arielia stared at him with a curious look as she spoke using her voice “I’m fine, what are you doing here?”
Kossman answered signing with his hands and speaking using his voice “Your brother Eric sort of told me that you were in trouble.”
Arielia frowned as she spoke “Eric is always worried about me. What sort of trouble did he say I was in?”
Kossman replied with both his hands and voice “Oh nothing of sorts. He was insisting that I go check on you.”
Eric found a hand touching his shoulder dissolving the image in his mind. He jerked open his eyes to find Raisa had wheeled her wheelchair into the porch's room via ramp and was next to him hand onto his shoulder. He gave her a glare of annoyance and shrugged her hand off his shoulder to resume shutting his eyes. 
Only to get her shaking his shoulder and she speaking "You shouldn't be seeing this. I know what happens. Don't watch, Eric!"
He opened his eyes to glare at Raisa with annoyance running through him to find her added "Nothing wrong happening to Arielia, I assure you. Kossman called me and knew he was on a suicide mission to check on her via location device on his form to mark those Elves' hiding place. Those Elves will have figured Kossman out already and attended to him on a permanent basis. You don't need to see what happens to him anyway."
Eric spoke "Raisa, I'm warning you not to interfere with this again, so stop it now."
He glared at her as they heard a loud screaming noise sounding of Niyan's voice loudly which made him get up in a fast speed move to dart towards the front entrance of the apartment. 
He caught Niyan hand on the doorknob screaming out "Their here!"
Eric sighed as he grabbed Niyan by the arms and yanked his son from the door slamming the door in the process. 
He wound up lifting Niyan who yelled "Ancient Ones coming!"
Eric groaned hearing Niyan finally using words but this time was speaking in English the language of the United States despite him and Raisa still using the hissing language of Americanian. He lifted up his son and hauled him to his bedroom finding Niyan quit his talk to appear to conk out asleep. Groaning he placed Niyan onto his bed and pulled the blankets up to his son's chest, as he peered out the window. He found the sun setting in the city of Berlin highlighted by a new Guardian tower said to give of siren noises to snow storms hitting the city. Eric sighed and shut the window shade and left the bedroom shutting the door to find Raisa had wheeled herself into the hallway blocking his way to the living room. She, he saw jabbed a finger at him and gave him a glare. 
He sighed recognizing the finger jabbing was spoken for "Bedroom now!"
Eric didn't say a word in response instead went into their bedroom to find Raisa had followed him inside who wheeled herself to their bed. Eric plopped himself onto the bed finding Raisa getting out of the wheelchair onto the bed using various handhelds equipment for her upper body strength. He sighed feeling her weight joined him onto the bed as he lay with hands of his gloved hands rubbing his eyes. He groaned as Raisa thumped a fist onto his shoulder which he removed his hands to find her glaring at him.
Eric spoke "What you want now?"
He heard a faint screaming noise sounding of Niyan screaming from his bedroom groaned and forced himself to get up going out of the bedroom. Eric found Niyan running out of the bedroom screaming his head off some nonsense sound. He did a jog and overtook Niyan to grab his son by the arm yanking him further into the hallway.
"Dada, nasty fish, come hurt Terra." he heard from Niyan.
Eric lifted up Niyan in response and cradled his son in his arms who kept on babbling his familiar words over and over. He groaned and carried Niyan into the bedroom where Raisa was lying in bed with eyes' shut.
He found Raisa opened one eye to give him a glare and got from her "Just put him onto the bed now for sleeping since he's scared again."
Eric exhaled a breath and without a word obeyed to put Niyan onto the bed sandwiching him between him and Raisa. He eyed Raisa who calmly soothed Niyan by rubbing the child's forehead that appeared to cling to his mother while still babbling his words. Eric groaned softly from Niyan's familiar babbling as he adjusted his position to his side. 
He heard Raisa speaking in Americanian towards Niyan saying "Shh, you'll be alright. Don't worry about the dreams you've been having. Just sleep now little one."
Eric rubbed his son's back in response that appeared to be calmer from the rubbing followed by Raisa eyeing him with pleading on her face.
He sighed recognized the pleading expression was her speak for "Speak a story to Niyan to put him to sleep further."
Eric sighed again and sniffed via his nose still wearing the breathing device into the area. He rubbed a hand onto Niyan's forehead and recalled a scene he got in his mind. Eric spoke the story in response to Raisa's pleading.
He spoke "Roger as the male is called opened the door to the viewing room to hear a wailing sound and reached a hand towards the light switch. 
He heard guttural voice speak 'Roger, don’t. I mated with Elisa who had a baby boy Liam who is like baby Kurpanov himself.'
Roger stepped into the room staring in the darkness and sensed a squirming form placed in his arms. He left the room carrying the baby into the light. He looked at the boy who had a shock of dark colored hair with golden eyes and waving clawed hands. 
Sighing Roger spoke “Liam-'"

Eric was interrupted by a throat clearing noise sounding from Raisa as she gave him another glare indicated he should speak a story about himself. Eric groaned via the talker device on his form and wound up speaking the story instead to Niyan. 

Eric stood in his quarters with his hands on Brianna’s back. Her hands were on his cheeks and as he kissed her on the lips. He deepened the kiss when he heard banging on the door to the quarters. With a loud groan he let go of Brianna who let go of him and he went to the door opening it. Kenibians with Humanoid ape forms and clawed hands like me stood one held in the arms of two. 
The Kenibian held spoke “Its Ricky he scratched me when I tried to stop him from leaving the hallway.” 
Eric spoke “Brianna-“
She interrupted him “I heard, I’ll attend to him, go get our son.” 
Eric growled and darted down the hallway towards the doors which opened and two males with forms of Kenibians, came stumbling out falling to knees. 
One of them spoke “Ricky went upstairs. He scratched us when we tried to stop him.” 
Eric went pass them and up the stairs. 
He stopped by doorways to peer in hallways yelling “Eric Junior!”
He walked up the stairway and froze when he heard a loud voice above of him speaking “Where you going Ricky? I’m not here to stop you. I’m curious to know where you’re going and I want to come along.” 
Eric ran up the stairs as he heard Ricky gave a loud roaring sound followed by Teorjer’s familiar voice speaking “What’s the matter Ricky, cat got your tongue? Talk with words if you don’t want me to follow you, say so, but no roaring I’m not fluent in that.”
He paused from running to catch his breath when he heard the sound of a door opening and slamming shut followed by Teorjer speaking loudly “Eric, if you’re in the stairwell, we stopped at junction number three.”
He heard a sound of door opening and slamming shut as he continued up the stairs reading writings on the doorways stopping at the desired door. He pulled open and walked inside entering a dim lighted hallway that was metal all around. He jogged to the open a crack door at the end and yanked it open to show Teorjer standing with arms folded. Behind Teorjer were a set of steps leading down. 
Teorjer spoke “Eric, about time you arrived. Ricky appears to be acting on compelling instincts that are controlling him to make him act like this so be careful. I can’t follow due to the darkness but you can.”
Eric looked around with night vision to see the room was a large room with numerous thick cylinder tubes with thick wires attached to the ceiling. He could see figures floating in the tubes not moving as he darted down the steps. Eric opened his mouth to talk when he remembered Teorjer’s words and clamped his mouth shut. He passed by rows of tubes with figures floating in them, his eyes searching for Ricky. Eric paused when he heard loud beeping noises and darted towards the noise to see a tube bend down towards the floor with Ricky besides it. He reached the tube as it lay on its side to see Ricky with a strange intense look on his face walk towards the end part without wires attached. Eric paused to stare at the tube contents that held a small figure as Ricky reached the end and pressed a button on the tube console. He heard a loud beep noise followed by water splashing to see a figure come out of the tube to lie on a metal bed at the end next to Ricky. He frowned as he walked to stand next to Ricky ignoring him as his son pulled out an oxygen mask from the tube console and placed on the figure’s face. The figure, Eric saw, was a naked wet young female Highlander with long hair, about Ricky’s age lying there. 
He frowned some more as Ricky held the Highlander’s hand with his clawed hand spoke with a worried tone “Wake up Zaramia, your out of the tube.”
Eric stared at the Highlander who coughed shaking her head then opened her eyes which darted around unseeing Ricky and himself. 
He heard Ricky speak “Zaramia, its Ricky. I’m here and so is my Dad. He’ll carry you to the others where we’ll help you, won’t you Dad?” 
He gulped as Ricky turned to stare at him with an intense look on his face. 
Eric spoke as his son took off the oxygen mask on Zaramia’s face “Ricky, your going to have to explain this one of these days.” 
He stared at Ricky who pulled out a large towel like blanket from underneath the bed and gave it to Zaramia who wrapped herself in it. He walked forward and picked up Zaramia wrapped in the towel blanket then followed Ricky to the stairs. The trio went up the stairs to meet Teorjer standing at the top that pushed open the door and followed Eric carrying Zaramia following Ricky out of the room. Eric groaned feeling the familiar headache of his mind scanned from Zaramia held in his arms. 
He spoke “Zaramia, I can detect you scanning me.”
He heard a small female voice from Zaramia speak “Oh sorry didn’t know that.” 
Eric sighed as he felt the headache left him and followed Ricky out of the hallway and down the stairs pass doorways. Eric frowned as he heard the sound of a door opening and closing from behind him as he followed Ricky down the stairs. The three reached the double doors to the hallway that led to the Hybrids’ quarters. He followed Ricky into the cafeteria and saw Brianna running towards them with a worried expression on her face.
She reached Ricky grabbing him in a hug while speaking “Ricky, you want to explore the place, you tell an adult and don’t go off without one of us escorting you.”
Eric sighed as he placed Zaramia down who walked up to Brianna who added “Ricky, who’s your friend here?”
He folded his arms as Ricky spoke “This is Zaramia-:"

"Daddy!" Eric heard as he was interrupted from telling the story. 
He quit his talk to eye Niyan who spoke "Tell me more about this Brianna you seem to revere religiously."
He gave Raisa a glare who shrugged in response followed by jabbing a finger in a direction. Eric recalled held a box holding a strand of Brianna's white hair and her necklace he took from her just prior to being kicked out of Americania aka Canada by the Merra kid plant. He exhaled a breath and spoke in response. 

Eric escapes from High school and meets Brianna. Eric ran through the forest till he reaches train tracks and sees a slow moving train go by which he gets on through an opening in the freight train car that shows a room with nothing in it. He sits in it and starts crying about living with no one to care for him. He sits in the corner till female wearing black clothing gets on the train which he is angry towards her. 
Female says "My name is Brianna."
And as he gets the rages and discovers Brianna hugging him who calms him down. 
He tells her "I want to kiss you but my lips give off poison and the cure is my skin touching the person’s skin." 
Brianna to his pleasure kisses him with her hands on his cheeks and his hands on her back gently rubbing. They strip each other of their clothes and mate then lie cuddled together with arms around each other. Eric hears Brianna make a groaning sound and then senses her pass out as he feels her abdomen grow swollen and a baby a boy comes out. He picks up baby holding it in his arms as he stares at it.
He thinks "The baby was what I always wanted was to be a father along with having a mate." 
He takes Brianna’s black shirt and wraps baby in it as he puts Brianna’s clothes on her form along with putting on his clothes. He picks up baby and pulls Brianna on her side on him with an arm around her as he leans his back to the wall. 
He gets mad when a male figure with blonde hair comes into the car speaking "I won’t hurt you. My name is Henry who is Brianna’s brother. I'm worried about her care."
Brianna as train comes to a stop wakes up to accept the baby from Eric and he and her with Henry leave train to find themselves in train station which Eric gets knocked out by dart. He wakes up in helicopter and brought to prison after capture discovers he is living alone with no Ionela or the others there. Eric after awhile living there gets lonely feels loneliness that hits him hard and gets miserable. He doesn’t eat but lies in bed crying to himself. Eric passes out wakes up in room with window while in a sitting up position on the bed. He sees the cat that makes some noise. 
A male with a Human form and white short hair in black clothes with a white collar, comes in the room with name tag “Alexei Zesky.” 
Alexei holds Eric’s gloved hand as he talks to Eric "What's bothering you to not want to eat for a few days?" 
Eric complains "I'm lonely and wants company including a mate to be with." 
Alexei doesn’t say anything but continues to hold Eric’s hand. Nurse comes in gives Eric food which he ravenously eats in front of Alexei and then sits back as cat sits on his chest while feeling the rages arrive. Eric shuts his eyes grimacing as the rages run through him. 
He hears Alexei’s voice telling him "it’ll pass." which he concentrates on till he passes out. 

Eric wakes up in an all white room wearing just pants while on the floor facing a bed. He looks around to see Brianna wearing a blue jumpsuit sitting near the door. He gets up as she gets up and. Brianna to his pleasure places hands on his muscular chest rubbing as he kisses her with gloved hands running through her hair. They strip of their clothes and then Eric mates with Brianna on the bed. He pulls out of her and holds her in his arms as he and her pass out from smoke billowing in the room. 

Eric wakes up to discover he is in a bed spoon fashioning Brianna who is asleep. He is confused when he hears the alarm go off and Brianna wakes up which he sits up in bed.
She says "It being time to get up for its morning."
Eric gets up to discover he’s wearing just underwear shorts which Brianna hands him folded clothing and sneakers which he puts on. It’s a blue sweat pant and blue sweat top with socks and sneakers which he puts on as she puts on a black sweat outfit. Brianna takes him out of the room to the hallway which he allows her to taking him to a room where there are cribs and babies inside them. She leads him to two cribs side by side and points out.
"It’s our son Eric Junior called Ricky and daughter Cassandra called Cassie." She says.
Eric picks up Cassie and holds her for the first time which he smiles a small smile. Then he places her back in her crib to let her sleep as he lets Ricky sleep in his crib. Brianna takes his hand and takes him out of the room to an office where Alexei and Kossman are there. 
Alexei introduces himself to Eric 'I'm your father, biologically. Kossman here is the father to three daughters who shared the same mother as you." 
Eric sees recording of himself at ten years old jabbed by needles and sees him scratching a woman on the face several times as she tried to comfort him while speaking in an angry tone. 
Eric learns from Alexei "The woman is your mother who later died from the venom in your claws." 
Eric gets rages and memory of himself scratching his mother along with reason why he did this which he after calming down says he remembers this. Along with recalling that Anya wouldn’t give him affection like he wanted hence he scratching her on the face in retaliation for failing to do that-

Another throat clearing noise interrupted him speaking the story. He gave Raisa a glare of annoyance finding her gesturing to Niyan who was awake and staring at the ceiling with his black Human like eyes inherited from his Mother. 
Eric spoke via device "Niyan, you want another story-"
He was interrupted by Raisa putting a hand over his mouth she mouthing he lip reading her speaking "Take that damned device off. Its noise is bothering me now. It's sounding like it's not fully charged again."
Eric exhaled a breath and heard the tattle tale beeping noise coming from the voice device indicating it was low on battery. He without a word got up and went to the outlet for devices plug ins above the dresser and took the device off. He found the plug in switch included and plugged it in, then went back to bed. 
Eric got from Raisa mouthing "Leave the lamps off. He's indicating of night vision."
Eric obeyed finding the sunlight outside became dimmer and dimmer via the window shades indicating it. 
He ignored the dying sunlight to focus onto Niyan to sign to his son "Another story?"
Niyan, he eyed gave him a jerkily head bob in a Human yes gesture while appearing to understand his sign language. Eric recalled the sign language wasn't invented by Arielia but taught to her by Humans who taught her a way of communicating. He recalled that Arielia taught the sign language to whoever was willing to learn it from her, as a way of passing it down in the future. He heard a throat clearing noise from Raisa sounding again adjusted his position to sit facing Niyan lying on the bed and sat crossed legged holding his hands up to sign his story. Eric wound up recalling some memories of his life and began signing them to Niyan.

Eric mates with Niya fall asleep and have a dream of mating with Niya again or mates with Merra via dream scenario. It's as in indicating to him that despite strong mental abilities to not be fooled by mind walkers' mental mind tricks as in mating with his body fully inside Merra surrounding him via plant fronds. Then woke up via dream to realize that while hearing a faint groaning noise sounding in his mind.
Eric demanded "Merra! Transport me to you to help with the offspring's birth now!" 
She transports him there where he yanks out Risa and Raisan who have clawed hands with poison like he is along with wearing black skinned clothing. 
Eric hears Merra continue groaning says "Merra, just yank out organ that you carried offspring with due to poison from me." 
Merra doesn't reply but sounds of disagreement by her groans sounding angry to him. Eric stood calmly as Raisan tries to attack him with his fists and hands but can’t touch him due to him being calm. Eric feels Risa wrap her front on his leg as Raisan hugs him. Merra transports them to medical room where Trevor walks in and chats with Risa and Raisan while scanning them as Eric is transported back to his quarters. Eric changes into Sun Lord outfit- 

Another throat clearing noise interrupts Eric from telling the story who gives Raisa a glare while folding his arms. 
Eric remained with his arms folded while glaring at Raisa who spoke in response "Your story is inappropriate to be telling Niyan. So tell a different story now-"
A sound of Boo interrupted Raisa's talk. He found Niyan was booing loudly instead in response to his Mother's talk. 
Eric gave Raisa a glare who mouthed "He's not fooled on who's his brother and sister's are."
He rubbed a hand over his forehead and got Raisa's throat clearing noise sounding again making him exhale a breath. 
He signed towards Niyan "What story do you want me to tell you?"
He gave Niyan a frown who spoke in response "More about your twins."
Groaning heard from Raisa in response as he ignored and began signing the story.

Eric told by Trevor "The twins, Risa and Raisan, are sick with an ailment common among twins that are male and female pairs. Their close to death for the ailment will kill them."
Eric spoke mentally "I request them to Sun Lord headquarters, for I want to reveal my identity to them." 
Trevor spoke verbalizing "I agree to this." 

He cut himself off when he noticed Raisa rolling her eyes with disgust seen on her face.
Eric glared at Raisa to sign "What's your problem, Raisa? I'm telling the story as I remember it."
He folded his arms and glared at her as she gestured to Niyan lying on the bed with eyes open and appeared to be fully awake while staring at him with a frown. 
Eric signed in response "What was I saying before I lost my train of thought-"
He was interrupted "What about the twins Risa and Raisan, you fathered via my Mother Merra, acting like Kiddy herself?"
He exhaled a breath to frown finding nothing to indicate his mind scanned in response to Raisa using Merra and Kiddy's names. 
He frowned as Raisa spoke in response he lips reading her "Mother Merra has evolved to change into a new Meritanian personality wise dubbed Kiddy. Tank evolved with her and now dubs himself Walls. Anyway I admit that the Meritanians aren't mind scanning at the moment via mention of their names because the restless natives of Australia are keeping them entertained. Mostly victims of their jokes actually. Australia is busy fighting off the United States' annexing as a state attitude at the moment. I suspect that the Highlanders are living there in some open status and causing the Meritanians to play jokes onto them. Merra, my Mother loved to play jokes onto Highlanders. She kept it up and got Tank to join her amusement."
Eric mouthed in response sensing Raisa could lip read him "You want to admit why the Highlanders wound up in Great Britain?"
He heard a throat clearing noise from her loudly followed by her using her voice "The story of Risa and Raisan, your offspring. Kindly say what you remembered involving that now."
He exhaled a breath and got Raisa mouthing "Just tell the story. Niyan is sensed about to throw another screaming fit."
Eric obeyed to sign the story finding Niyan appeared to focus onto him this time silent.

Eric with Niya visits the twins in medical room in presence of a male and female Shadonian wearing the necklaces he gave twins. Necklaces are Brianna's locket necklace and another necklace he took off Brianna's body. Doctor swishes curtain giving Eric and Niya privacy with the twins lying on beds and in Jiang’s presence takes off the head cover masks. Eric sees the twins’ expressions are of shock seeing his face along with recognition. Eric and Niya put masks back on as the twins close their eyes surrendering to death. Eric wearing Sun Lord uniform and mask along with Niya wearing uniform and mask are standing as Shadonian male wearing Brianna’s necklace enters Eric’s quarters.
Shadonian says "I'm called Brian. I think Sun Lord is Eric himself but don’t care on whether I'm right or wrong. I wound up via a bout of compulsion, visiting the island nation of Kenibia some time ago and was exploring the island. I came upon a city and entered it where there were Kenibians making identical hand gestures every time they entered and left a certain house. I went inside the house to see a large as the house room with a wheelchair at the end surrounded by flowers and trinkets. Sitting in the wheelchair was a framed picture of Eric standing sideways with the water ship’s bridge way in the back ground. I observed Kenibians arriving to kneel with hands clasped in front of them then they would get up and leave. I left the house and in polite terms asked a Kenibian about the house and its history.
The Kenibian told me 'The house belonged to a family who had two daughters both Terrania Unity Games athletes during the time of President Lyu Jiang’s life and reign. One daughter called Inna was executed by Eric for murdering an athlete during the Americanian host games. The other daughter called Isla followed the rules of the Terrania Unity Games something Kenibians don’t normally do. Isla competed as a successful athlete winning medals. Some of them historic in events in the sport of gymnastics. With wining historic medals in the Prussian host Terrania Unity Games after Americania hosted them. Kenibia’s president declared Isla his heir to the presidency for not having an heir to take over. Isla assumed position as President. She flaunted her athlete achievements caused by her following the Terrania Unity Games’ rules. Her sister’s execution by Eric who she called “Redeemer” as reasons. Why Kenibians must follow Terrania Unity Games’ rules when competing in athletic sports against other nations and in the Terrania Unity Games event.'" 
Brian adds "I and the Kenibian finished our talk then I left Kenibia to Americania to the Terrania Unity Games’ library in Atlanta to check something about the Kenibians competing in athletic events. The records show the Kenibians after Isla’s flaunting started following the rules started seeing historic results in athletic events some of them medaling for the first time. Had no disqualifications common among Kenibian athletes in events whenever they break the rules. The records show that Terrania Unity Games starting with Oceana had no disqualifications in any events a trend that has continued to the recent finished Terrania Unity Games on Shonsurra some time ago." 
Brian says "Something about the real reason why I thinks Eric is the Sun Lord for I got this from an old Kenibian I was talking to on Kenibia. 
The old Kenibian I met in the street came up to and told me 'Eric who mysteriously disappeared, last seen carrying Brianna while entering vehicle belonging to Sun Lord along with vehicle entering headquarters and Eric hasn’t been seen since. I have been telling people the theory of Eric being the Sun Lord himself for which me thinks will help people who worship Eric look at the Sun Lord the same way.'" 
Brian continues "The old Kenibian left me walking up to other people I heard is telling them the same thing I was told. The theory must be true but I'm not sure for I think it could explain why the Sun Lord’s people told me that Eric is hidden without a hint of his location. I asked my family descendants of Eric who I'm aware of are told of Eric’s location. Them having the mind scan detecting ability to tell me on my death bed what happened to Eric and his hidden location-"
Eric interrupts via Highlander speaking "Says if possible I will personally reveal the secret of Eric to you on your death bed before you die." 
Brian says "I accept this. I have to leave to Shadan to be with my family who I have stayed away too long." 
Eric waves a hand as Brian leaves the apartment. In the apartment with Highlanders and Niya’s presence Eric takes off mask as Niya takes off mask. 
He signs to Niya "What's with me being worshipped deity like, like the Sun Lord is worshipped too?" 
Niya responds by voice "There's a gonoid Humanoid species legend-"
Eric interrupts signing "I'm aware of the Legendians, from Brianna telling me about it with seeing my blood being the color of the sky like the gonoid Humanoid species legend themselves."
Niya continues "The worshipping gonoid Humanoid species, Legendians, started among Kenibians who lived with the legend that were exactly like the current races but had clawed hands. Mysteriously disappeared from their island before island nations were aware of each other. The Kenibians told the other island nations who reported having the same people on their islands. When you was found and proven to be part of the gonoid Humanoid species legend with your blood the color of the sky. They started to worship you as one deity instead of having multiple races as deities. For you are rumored to be the only known legend with a Human appearance which was rare among them.-"

Eric is interrupted again by Niyan screaming "Bug on ceiling!"
He clapped his hands in response and glared at Niyan as Raisa was heard speaking while seen rubbing a hand over their son's forehead "Don't mind the bug in the ceiling, Niyan. Ignore it. Just focus onto Daddy telling the story."
Eric obeyed despite finding the clock glowing red letters to indicate an early evening hour with the sun gone. He sighed mentally seeing it was still early for bedtime for Niyan who quit yelling instead pointed a finger at the Tennan, a devolved Shadonian species, crawling on the ceiling. He exhaled a breath and eyed the Tennan he saw was entirely oily shiny black colored with always a feminine like form of Human female wearing clothes, clawed crab hands and a head of a bird but no feathers. They had a beaked mouth of a bird including antennas on top of their heads that swished when moved. That despite Raisa was seen grabbing Niyan's pointing finger and pushing it down holding it in place ignoring the Tennan crawling around. 
He frowned as Raisa was heard speaking "Just let Daddy tell his story and ignore that bug now, Niyan."
Eric waved his hands towards Niyan finding the offspring focused onto him which he resumed signing his story.

Eric heard a female voice screaming nonsense sounds and he jerked his eyes awake. He saw Niya sitting up in bed shaking her head while fisting her hands on her forehead. He heard the sound coming from Niya which he sat up putting arms around her pulling her towards him. He felt Niya quiet down and relax in his arms as he rubbed her head with his chin. He exhaled a breath and released his hold from Niya gently rubbing her back before getting up from the bed. He kept an eye on Niya as he changed out of his clothes to the Sun Lord uniform. Niya he saw got up from the bed darting towards the bathroom doorway which she ran in with light flashing around the entrance. Eric froze from putting on his jacket which he shrugged on and walked to the bathroom doorway which he could see the light was off. He felt annoyance arrive within him and went to the dresser next to the bedroom door grabbing his mask. He stormed out of the bedroom slamming the door which Jiang looked at him with a questioning look. He felt the Highlander scanning him as he went to the table throwing his mask on it and sat to eat his food. He once finished leaned back with arms folded as anger rose within him. 
He heard Jiang mentally speaking “Judging by mind scans in your mind, it appears that you have the ability to travel through doorways like the Zeskaya but I’m unsure of how to activate the ability.” 
Eric yanked on his mask and stood up walking to his bedroom door he opened it then stepped back and got an image of a room he recalled Ricky stayed in when he was in Oceana’s headquarters. He walked through the doorway and discovered himself not in his bedroom but in the room of his mind’s image. He went to the open doorway turning invisible to peer through to see Niya sitting on the couch looking angry and facing her were two male figures wearing Oceanan, Kaddar, guards; Kaddar uniforms, one an Aquarian and one a Highlander. 
He heard Niya speak with anger in her voice in Basic “I don’t find it amusing being manipulated to come to here by a Highlander calling me.” 
He looked at the Highlander Kaddar who smile then heard Niya speak again “I’m the Mistress, the Sun Lord’s female-”
She he saw was interrupted by the Aquarian who reached forwards sticking a syringe in her arm who groaned loudly before leaning back in the couch falling asleep. 
The Aquarian spoke in Oceanan “Is she telling the truth with what she says about being the Mistress?”
He heard the Highlander speak in Oceanan “She is but the Sun Lord won’t miss her for we’ll spread a rumor about the Mistress catching his illness and has disappeared from it.” 
He heard the Aquarian speaking “Is the Eraser here yet? Her memories must be erased for her to do this mission for us.” 
He felt anger and darted forwards through the doorway and felt himself falling unconscious appearing from his hidden state hitting the rugged floor.

Eric woke up to discover himself sitting on the couch and he felt paralysis when he tried to move his arms. 
He saw in front of him facing him was a black haired Highlander with Tikcanni’s face who spoke “I can program the Sun Lord to go to the balcony then react in pain falling to the floor which his guards there should lift him up and carry him away as proof that the Mistress has disappeared and he is suffering from Han’s Syndrome.” 
Eric narrowed his eyes as he felt anger rising within him. He discovered he could move his mouth which he bared his teeth as the Highlander continued “Please turn your backs to keep the Sun Lord’s identity a secret.” 
He saw the two Kaddar turn their backs as the Highlander bent down yanking off his mask. He kept his teeth bared as he saw a frown appear on the Highlander’s face that reached with a hand and touched him on the cheek which he felt his mind scanned. He gave the Highlander a glare as an image of Tikcanni flashed in his mind’s eye with his gloved hands up in fists in a fighting stance. The image changed to show the Highlander walking down a hallway with open doors at both sides smoke pouring from both of them. He saw Claws appear with hand on the Highlander’s neck from an invisibility state and haul the Highlander backwards pulling him down the hallway as he felt the Highlander’s hand off his cheek. 
He glared at the Highlander who mentally spoke voice in his mind “I’m ordering you to go to the balcony and react in pain falling to the floor.” 
He felt the Highlander leave his mind as his mask was placed back on his head and heard the Highlander verbally say “It’s done, you can turn around.” 
The two Kaddar he saw turned around as the Highlander went to Niya putting hands on her forehead. He saw Niya’s eyes jerk open which showed pain then closed followed by a peaceful look on her face. He felt anger arrive within him felt feeling in his hands which he fisted along with sleepiness that persisted and he fell asleep. 

Eric woke up to discover himself lying in bed with paralysis still running from him. He looked around the room and spotted Niya sitting in a chair wearing an all brown outfit similar to the one she wore before taken to the hospital with a duffle bag in her lap. He felt anger rising as he saw her look at him with no recognition in her eyes and there was confusion in them. 
He heard an Oceanan accent voice in male tones speaking in Basic saying “Niya, its time for you to go so come out of the room.” 
His anger took control as Niya got up carrying the duffle back walking out of the room. 
He sneered when the familiar Highlander walked in view and felt his mind scanned. 
He snarled out mentally “You’re dead for what you did to my mate, Niya which I find intolerable. I’ll do what it takes to have you dead.” 
He felt his paralysis gone which he sat up swinging legs off the bed to find himself on the couch in his quarters which he got up with anger raging throughout him as he yanked the mask off his head. He saw Jiang eyeing him but didn’t feel his mind scanned as he went to the table throwing his mask down and went to the porch windows which he angrily fisted repeatedly. The windows to his annoyance remained intact to his punching and he leaned his form against them on his side. 
He felt his mind scanned and heard Jiang’s mentally speaking “I have to do a mind scan and I need to touch you which I insist you allow me to do it.” 
Eric snarled mentally as he gave Jiang a glare “Do it before I change my mind.” 
He looked away to lean his head against the window and folded his arms. He felt a hand with coldness in it touch his cheek and once again the image of Tikcanni with fists up appeared in his mind then went away. He stared out the window as the sun went lower then the sun disappeared as the light above turned to night time and felt Jiang stopped scanning him as the Highlander’s hand left his cheek. He went to the table grabbing his mask and stormed to his bedroom slamming the door behind him. He went to his dresser yanking off his uniform and put on his pajama pants and gloves while feeling anger running through out him. He got in bed and leaned over Niya’s side of the bed towards the lamp which he shut off. He lied down and felt a headache as tears spilled from his eyes as the headache went away. He grabbed Niya’s pillow and brought it to his face as the tears flowed while crying hard. 
He thought to himself “I lost Brianna to death and now I lost Niya.” 
He released the pillow on his lap and yanked off his breathing device setting it besides his pillow and again brought Niya’s pillow to his face held in place by his gloved hands. His nose breathed Niya’s scent which eerie reminded him of Brianna as the rages arrived running through out him. He felt his tears stop as the angry feeling ran through him. He felt an urge to put on his breathing device arrive within him which became compelling. He didn’t resist as he put the tubes back in his nose breathing through them as his eyes sight cleared up but the anger remained. 
He narrowed his eyes of anger as he snarled mentally to himself “One way or the other I’ll get Niya back and will kill anyone who gets in my way.” 
He felt a powerful feeling of sleepiness arrive which he drooped his eyes while shaking his head and then surrendered to the feeling falling unconscious. 

Eric woke up with anger running through him as his window shade glowed from the sun light outside. 
He growled mentally “I don’t care, for I’ll do what it takes to get Niya back with or without people’s help.” 
He added sneering “Merra! You hear me? I want Niya back with her mind restored! I’ll kill anyone who gets in my way for I’ll do what it takes to have Niya back!”
He paused as silence answered him and continued to snarl “Niya is mine, forever mine-” 

Eric was interrupted by Raisa snarling "Jeez, Eric. You're still hung up on her?"
He ignored Raisa to keep on signing despite her giving him a narrowed eyed glare making him gulp multiple times.

He tossed aside Niya’s pillow from his hand and with his other hand grabbed the breathing device as he got up from the bed going to his dresser which he put away his gloves and pajama pants and yanked out his underwear shorts and uniform. He stormed out of the bedroom while grabbing his mask slamming the door behind him. He saw Jiang eye him but didn’t feel his mind scanned. 
He went to the table to eat and once done sat back as he heard Jiang speak with voice “There’s a rumor going around that the Mistress has caught your illness and has disappeared from it.”
Eric felt his angry mood turn fouler as Jiang continued “I have one of the guards, a Highlander female to pose as the Mistress to be seen at the balcony to make that rumor false to people.” 
Eric gave Jiang a glare and got up from the chair yanking on his mask as he walked to the doorway entrance to his quarters and walked into the hallway to see a female form wearing the Mistress uniform standing besides a guard. He grabbed her arm and went to the elevator followed by Jiang which went to the balcony level floor. He walked out of the elevator to the balcony where he saw the crowd and heard them give out gasping sounds. He fisted a hand and waved it aimed at the crowd as he took the Mistress’ gloved hand placing it on his chest. He heard the crowd’s reaction was shock as he continued to wave a fisted hand at them then he stormed from the balcony tugging the Mistress with him. Once in the elevator he let go of the Mistress’ hand as an urge to breathe through his mouth arrived. He angrily breathed hard through his mouth as the rages arrived clouding up his eyes sight. He angrily charged with fists hitting the elevator wall and felt the elevator stop as he felt hands on his arms yanking him out. He felt himself forced in a sitting position with back to the wall and his mask yanked off his head as he continued to breathe through his mouth. He felt a foot on his chest pressing him down every time he tried to get up. Eric shut his eyes clamping his mouth shut as he forced himself to breathe through the tubes in his nose. He felt the urge to mouth breathe leave him as he breathe through his nose deeply. He felt himself calmer but still angry as he opened his eyes to stare at Jiang squatting next to him. 
He stared at the Highlander who spoke “There’s a TV broadcast recorded you need to see.” 
He got up from the floor as Jiang straightened his form and was handed his mask which he gripped in his hand as he followed the Highlander down the hallway to a door with two Highlanders in front of it. He followed Jiang inside which he saw was his quarters and went to stand behind the couch eyes staring at the large TV monitor as Jiang picked up the remote from the coffee table. He frowned staring at the TV monitor which clicked on showing a female Felidae from the waist up wearing a frilly top speaking in foreign language which Eric assumed was Americanian. 
He heard Jiang mentally speaking in his mind “Says word on the street from talking with sources is that there’s a rumor about the Mistress catching the Sun Lord’s illness and disappearing from it which has been proven false.”
The monitor flashed showing a down below a view aimed up towards himself wearing the Sun Lord uniform on a balcony with the Mistress besides him. He saw his hand was in a fist waving towards the crowd while holding up the Mistress’ hand to his chest. 
The scene changed back to the Felidae who spoke with Jiang translating mentally “Says the recorded scene is of the Sun Lord appearing to be angry and the Mistress alive. His majesty’s guard at the entrance of the building gave us a statement said to be from the Sun Lord himself.” 
The scene cut to a Highlander wearing Jiang’s uniform standing in front of a glass door with another Felidae in view holding a microphone speaking in foreign language. 
Jiang, Eric heard mentally translated “Says the Sun Lord’s female the Mistress is fine and is not disappeared like what’s been said. 
His majesty has ordered me to say quoting ‘I am angry that people are speaking lies about me and the Mistress which I find intolerable.’”
The view changed to a female Human he recognized as President Victorian-Kossman sitting behind a desk with a microphone in front of her speaking in foreign language which he heard Jiang say “Says I have heard the rumor of the Mistress’ disappearance which have been proven false and heard what his majesty has said about it. I find the rumor not acceptable for I recall there being a similar rumor when I was in the hospital having my son which I am still furious about.” 
TV monitor clicked showing a black screen as if turned off which Eric folded his arms as he felt angry rage running through him. He stormed to the windows punching them which remained intact to his fists. He leaned his form against the window with anger running through him. He continued to lean on the windows till the sun light became dim outside.
He felt a headache of his mind scanned and heard Merra’s annoyed voice yelling “Lix, you stupid idiot! Niya is tied like I told you repeatedly! Lix, you fool, should be listening to me a mind walking sentient plant when I’m trying to advise you on things instead of manipulating me to do things with your awful voice!”
Eric stiffened as Merra added with a calmer tone “Lix is an idiot who doesn’t care about anything but himself and what he wants with Niya harrumph.”
He felt Merra leave his mind as it dawned on him, Merra’s words. 
He mentally thought to himself “Lix manipulated Merra to give him Niya who’ll go to him willingly.” 
He roared out mentally “Merra! Lix is dead for I’ll kill him when I get the chance!”
He mentally added “Wait till I get my hands on that bastard and kill him. I’m dying to use my claws and I think Lix will do.”
He straightened his form grabbing his mask and stormed into his bedroom slamming the door. 
He tossed his mask onto the dresser and yanked off his jacket tossing it on the bed as he roared out mentally “Merra! Transport me to Lix now!”
He blinked his eyes to find himself standing with wooden double doors facing him. He bared his teeth and grabbed the handles throwing the doors open that hit the stone walls with a bang sound and stood. He saw Humans he assumed Builders sitting on benches some with cups in their hands pause from their motions when they heard the noise and looked in his direction. He spotted King Winter standing in a corner with a glaring stare at the Builders. He walked into the room with his eyes narrowed looking at each of the Builders till he spotted Lix with a frown on his face sitting on a bench with Niya with confusion in her eyes next to him. He walked further into the room till he was near the table Lix sat then pointed a finger at Lix and with another finger on his other hand ran it front of his throat. 
He heard Merra speaking voice in his head “Lix you idiot, you forgot to use your voice on my children who eavesdropped my talks with you and told him what was going on. It was they who transported Eric here who wants to kill you according to his finger gestures.”
He gave Lix a glare and continued to bare his teeth as Lix got up from the bench walking towards him speaking “Niya.” 
He felt himself passing out going unconscious and he roared mentally “Niya!”

Eric came to find himself kissing lips with his lips and eyes closed which his bare hands felt a female form from them on her chest and he felt her hands on both of his cheeks. He jerked his head away while opening his eyes to stare at Niya in the eyes that had recognition and affection in them. He continued to stare at Niya who turned her head to his left looking down and he looked to see Lix lying on the floor eyes closed with head at an angle. He saw King Winter standing next to Lix with his glaring eyes aimed at William standing with Builders surrounding him in a semi circle his eyes aimed at the Cold Lord. Eric turned his head towards Niya who looked at him. 
He stared at her with confusion as she spoke “Lix said my name and got in a fist fight with you who he appeared to have no defenses from you. After you knocked him out heading towards me, I saw King Winter grab Lix’s head and with a hand twisting it at the neck which I heard a snapping sound which is when you reached me.”
Eric frowned as Niya paused then continued “Once Lix was defeated I felt my memories in my mind restored by Merra along with the horror images I’ve been getting changed to show them as Lix’s memories which she told me, Lix was unknowingly passing to me when I was used as his conduit.” 
He felt annoyance hearing that as he heard William’s voice speaking loudly “Merra, I request you transport Eric and his female back home.” 
He blinked his eyes to find himself with Niya back in their quarters. 
He heard Jiang’s voice speaking from besides him “Welcome back Mistress.”
He heard Kossman’s voice speaking from behind him “It’s good to see you, Sun Lord and Mistress.”
Eric wrapped his arms around Niya who continued to rub his cheeks with her hands. 
He exhaled a breath as he thought “Finally Lix is dead. King Winter did me a favor by killing him.”
Eric exhaled a breath again and let go of Niya as she let go of touching him. He took Niya’s hand and pulled her into the bedroom with her closing the door behind them. He again hugged Niya as he felt her hands touch his chest rubbing with her head on his shoulder. He shut his eyes as a smile came to his face then he frowned as Niya took her head off his shoulder which he let go of her. He went to his dresser as he saw Niya go to her dresser opening a drawer and saw her yank out clothing that was white and folded before going into the bathroom. He rubbed a hand on his forehead then yanked off his uniform putting it away to put on his pajama pants and gloves then got in bed lying down staring at the bathroom door with impatience. He was rewarded when Niya came out dressed in a white dress like nightgown he frowned seeing looked twin to the one Brianna wore when she was alive on the cruise ship.
He stared at Niya who spoke “Eric, you mind holding me in a certain position in bed with my back touching your chest? I feel the need to be held that way.” 
He exhaled a breath and signed “The position is called spoon fashion.” 
Niya spoke “You mind spoon fashion me?”
He nodded his head and held up his arms towards Niya who turned off the lamp and watched her get in bed which he placed his arms around her spoon fashioning her. He stiffened as he felt the nightgown which felt similar to Brianna’s as confusion ran through out him. He felt a powerful feeling of sleepiness closed his eyes falling asleep. 

Eric found himself floating above his body lying in bed on his back as he saw Niya get up turning on the lamp. He frowned as he saw tears falling from Niya’s eyes that walked towards the bathroom doorway. He felt anger when he saw Lix appear from a hidden state standing in front of Niya who halted from her walk appearing to not see him.
He heard Lix speak ““Look at Eric, look at him, don’t abandon him.”
Eric felt confusion as he saw Niya turn around staring at himself lying in bed with the blanket up to the waist of his pants baring him from below his navel to above showing his muscular body and his hands he saw were on his chest with arms bent to show muscles on them. He saw Lix disappear fading from his eyes sight as Niya took a step towards him followed by walking to the bed. He continued to watch Niya who used the hem of her nightgown to dry her tears then saw her sit on the bed before leaning over to place a hand on his stomach with ridged muscles bunching on it. Eric found himself back in his body and opened his eyes to stare at Niya whose eyes he saw was staring at her hand. He felt her hand gently rub the muscles of his stomach then removed her hand to twist with back to him towards the lamp. He watched her turn off the lamp then saw her blindly touch him grabbing his hands gently yanking them off his chest which he allowed before putting her head down on his chest along with her hand on his stomach. He felt her hand rub the area gently and felt her form become still which he assumed was asleep. Eric closed his eyes letting sleep overtake him.

Eric woke up feeling lips kissing his with a hand on his chest. He felt the lips belonged to Niya which he kissed back. He shivered as she broke off the kiss and he opened his eyes to stare at Niya who stared at him with a hint of a smile in her face. 
He grabbed her arms and rolled them over as Niya shrieked “Eric!”
He silenced her shriek by kissing her on the lips while feeling her hand touching his chest. 
He stiffened as he heard Jiang’s voice mentally speaking in his head “Your Majesty? Its late morning, are you going to be in bed all day?”
Eric with regret broke off the kiss and turned around to see Jiang peering through the doorway at him which he mentally spoke while feeling the Highlander scanning him “No.” 
Jiang in response closed the door. Eric sat up from the bed and got up as he saw Niya out of the corners of his eyes do the same. He got dressed into the Sun Lord Uniform as Niya changed into the Mistress Uniform. 
He frowned as she faced him and he signed “The nightgown? Where did you get it?”
Niya spoke “I’m not sure where it came from but it was in the drawer.” 
He went out to the living room to the table where he sat and began eating and drinking his food and drink as Niya did the same. 
He once finished leaned back with a frown on his face as he heard Kossman at his side speak “I took the liberty of getting some things from the water ship which I put in dresser drawers in your bedroom while you were out retrieving Niya.” 
Eric felt annoyance arrive which he thought to himself “The nightgown Niya is wearing, belongs to Brianna.”
He got up and went to the bedroom followed by Niya towards Niya’s dresser which he yanked open drawers. He saw the first drawer held Brianna’s nightgown and a bathrobe. He looked in the second drawer and saw it was empty which he assumed held Niya’s Mistress Uniform. Then he looked in the third and last drawer of the dresser which he saw held another Mistress Uniform with booted shoes. He closed the drawers and walked to his dresser walking by Niya watching him which he looked to see the first drawer had his pajamas, gloves and bathrobe he had yet to wear. He looked in the second drawer which empty was for he guessed held his Sun Lord Uniform. He pulled open the third drawer and saw an extra Sun Lord Uniform complete with boots folded in it. He exhaled a breath and went to the dresser next to the bedroom door that had four drawers which he pulled open the top drawer. He saw three folders filled to the brim in it which he saw one had his name on it. He peered in the other two folders to see one had pictures of the Hybrids his children attached to papers and saw the third folder had papers and pictures of his sisters, Ionela, Lana and Arielia attached to them. He closed the drawer and opened the second drawer which he saw held his cruise ship pajamas folded with a picture of himself lying on top of it along with his cruise ship clothes and sneakers. Exhaling a breath he closed the drawer and looked in the third drawer which he saw four folders filled to the brim with each having names on them. 
He read “Andrew Kossman, Alexei Zesky, Anya Lake, Kurpanov and Trevor.” 
Frowning he closed the drawer and opened the fourth drawer which also held two folders filled to the brim with each having names on them. 
He read the names which said “Kurpanov and Elisa, Bruce Arkov and Elizabeth Zeskaya-Arkova.” 
He closed the drawer and stood up shutting his eyes as an urge to mouth breathe arrive which he felt hands holding him in a hug while feeling a head touching his chin which he recognized belonged to Niya. He shut his mouth and breathed through the tubes in his nose as he felt the urge leave him. He placed hands on Niya’s back to rub and felt her head move from touching his chin which he opened his eyes to stare at her brown eyes filled with concern. 
He stepped back as Niya’s hands released him and he signed “I’m alright just had an urge to mouth breathe. Come let’s go to the balcony. I might as well see how the crowd is doing.” 
He walked out with Niya following him and grabbed his mask off the dining table as she did the same. He put on the mask as she followed his example. 
He felt his mind scanned and aimed his face towards Jiang as he mentally spoke “I like to see how the crowd is going to react to seeing us.” 
He saw Jiang nod his head. He took Niya’s gloved hand and together they walked out of the quarters to the elevator followed by Jiang. The elevator stopped at the balcony floor which he walked out to the railing and peered down. Eric frowned seeing the crowd who was silent seeing he heads aimed at his direction. 
He exhaled a breath and pulled Niya into the hallway which he signed “Looks like we’ll have to walk among them.” 
He heard Niya verbally speak his words while hearing Jiang speaking “I was afraid of this.” 
He and group entered the elevator which went down and took the same route as before to outside which he stood watching the crowd before walking down the ramp towards them. He let go of Niya’s hand to point down with a finger and walked further down the ramp with Jiang trailing him. He reached the outskirts of the crowd who parted going aside to show a Highlander wearing a Kaddar uniform with arms behind his back with two Shadonians one having a hand on the Highlander’s shoulder. 
Eric folded his arms as one of the Shadonians spoke in Basic “This is the fool who spoke the lie about the Mistress’ disappearance spreading it among the people.”
Eric walked forward unfolding his arms till he was standing in front of the Highlander which he saw appeared to make a gulping motion with his throat. He turned sideways and with a quick move brought his fist into the Highlander’s stomach hard. The Highlander he saw groaned loudly before bending down retching out liquid from his mouth. He heard a loud siren like noise and saw the crowd scatter darting in many directions while seeing the Shadonia haul the still retching Highlander with them. He turned around and walked up to Niya grabbing her hand and pulled her inside with Jiang following him. Once inside after the door closed he pulled Niya towards him and wrapped his arms around her, his head leaning on her head. He felt Niya’s arms around him in a hug as he exhaled a breath through his mouth and with regret let go of hugging Niya who let go of hugging him. He took her hand and together the two walked up the stairs to the hallway leading to the elevator. The elevator took them to the desired floor which he walked out and went to his quarters which he yanked off his mask putting it on the table. He leaned against the covered porch windows as he heard the door to the bedroom open and closed behind him.
He frowned as Merra’s yelling words echoed in his mind “Niya is tied!” 
He narrowed his eyes barring his teeth as he mentally spoke to himself “That bastard mated with Niya hence Merra’s words, Argh.”
He mentally added “I don’t care whether Niya agrees or not I’m mating with her tonight and I’ll do what it takes to get her to submit to my demand.” 
He peered out the window to see nothing but falling whiteness which he straightened up and grabbed his mask off the table to walk into the bedroom slamming the door. He placed his mask on the dresser next to the door next to Niya’s as he went to his dresser yanking off the Sun Lord Uniform. He placed the clothes into the drawer and opened another drawer yanking out his gloves which he placed on his hands. He grabbed his breathing device with his right hand and stood with arms folded facing the bathroom door in the buff eyes narrowed and his teeth bore on his face. He stood waiting as Niya wearing Brianna’s nightgown walked out holding her Mistress uniform folded in her hands with eyes aimed at the floor. He stood watching Niya as she put away the uniform in the dresser then saw her stiffened by her movements followed by her looking at him with a shocked expression on her face. 
Eric signed “I want to mate and I insist you submit.” 
He saw Niya frown and heard her speak “I refuse-“
Eric interrupted signing “That nightgown you’re wearing belonged to Brianna whom I don’t mind you’re wearing. Don’t tempt me to rip it off your form if you don’t submit for I insist on mating and I’ll do it whether you agree or not.” 
He lowered his hands fisting one of them as he held the breathing device in his other hand while forming a sneer on his face. He gave Niya a sneering glare who frowned then with hesitance in her movements took off the nightgown baring her body and watched her folding it in the drawer before shutting off the lamp. He kept the glare on his face as Niya got on the bed laying on it which he got in bed putting the device between the pillows and moved his form on top of her as her legs parted to accommodate him. He felt jolts of pleasure from her skin touching his skin as he entered her thrusting in movement while feeling her meeting his movements. His hands grabbed her sides thumbs rubbing while hearing her gasp out moaning sounds as he saw a pleasant expression on her face. He felt more feelings of pleasure arrive spilling in him as he moved and shook hard from a powerful charged feeling of intense pleasure as he spilled himself inside her while hearing her give out a loud long moaning sound. He felt his shaking stop as the pleasures feeling lowered its ebb as he placed his hands underneath her back and brought his lips to her lips ravaging her mouth with his. He felt Niya kiss him back by her moving mouth and felt her hands running through his hair as he tightened his hold on her.  He broke off the kiss to kiss Niya on the cheeks then raised his head to stare at her in the face with night vision whose eyes stared back unseeing him in the darkness of the room. He felt Niya’s hands touch his cheeks gently rubbing while seeing a look of a smile in her facial expression. 
He lowered his head to put it next to hers cheek touching her cheek and exhaled a breath through his mouth as he thought “Mine, mine, forever mine.”
He felt Niya’s hands stroke his hair before settling them on his back and heard her breathing become deeper while sensing her asleep. He shut his eyes as a smile came to his lips and he allowed himself to sleep-

Eric once again was interrupted by Niyan blaring "Dada, don't like Momsy."
He sighed mentally and caught Raisa's familiar glaring stare of accusation.
Eric folded his arms and moved his mouth mouthing "Raisa, what do you expect me to do? Turn off my love towards Niya? I had trouble turning off my love towards Brianna when I was paired to Niya. I thought that Niya would live forever as my mate. How am I supposed to know that Edenia and Humania would leave the planet Terrania changing it back to Terra in the process cause a great death of Terranians dying old before their time?"
He glared at Raisa who spoke using her voice anger in her tone "Eric, kindly tell Niyan our son the story about your hidden identity as Sun Lord was revealed now."
He obeyed despite glaring at Raisa and staring at her while signing.

"Eric’s hidden identity as Sun Lord is revealed."
Eric as Sun Lord with identity hidden meets racial and island leaders in President Victorian-Kossman’s office who all say "You're Eric the hidden Legendian." 
He takes off mask off his head as Niya does the same revealing that he’s Eric which he sees their reactions isn’t shock but knowing awareness. Eric goes out to the crowd with Niya besides him both having identities hidden. 
Crowd there insist "You're Eric the hidden Legendian."
Merra warns him "Their going to yank your mask off by force and find out if Eric as Sun Lord was true or not." 
Eric takes off mask showing his face which crowd isn’t shocked to see. 

Eric is given a new jacket with a hooded mask part attached for him to wear covering his head but showing his eyes seen through clear eye plates on the mask part of the hood as Niya is given a new jacket that leaves her hands bare but has a hood for her to cover her head.

Eric visits Shadan to meet High Lord who takes him and group for a walk in a forest park. Wind blows and rain water fall landing on the group and poisons Eric who hit the ground falling unconscious while hearing Niya scream his name. 

He wakes up to discover he’s in a leaning sitting position in bed in a white room with a needle prick feeling in his throat. 
Hee speaks mentally out of it to Jiang he hallucinates "Tikcanni, I'm in heaven and it's not time for me to join the dead and wants to come back to stay with Niya." 
Eric gets sleepiness falls asleep passing out and wakes up feeling himself better and the needle prick feeling in his throat is gone. He finds that his jacket is off his form and he’s still wearing his Sun Lord uniform. 
Jiang in his eyes sight uses voice to speak to him "Your majesty was out unconscious for three suns." 
Niya comes in view grabbing him in a hug with her arms. He notices curtain in the wall. 
He asks Jiang "Does curtain leading to a room for wastes?" 
Jiang calls "It's a private room and his Majesty needs to use it." 
He sees Jiang look at Niya who let go of him and help him up which he walks to the curtain and enters the room which he sees is a bathroom. He comes out feeling a little bit better but hungry which Jiang gestures to a table with two trays of food on it which Niya and he ravenously eat. 
Jiang after he’s eaten mention verbally "After the water fell on the group Merra transported them to the hospital who doctors with my input injected the medicine in your majesty's neck." 
Jiang adds as Eric saw Niya bow her head eyes not looking at him "The Mistress was hysterical very upset that she was injected with a sleep drug to put her out while they worked on saving your majesty's life. The High Lord made no secret of his majesty's water poisoning announcing that to the public and alerting the other island and racial leaders of this with a threat. He won’t tolerate any water hitting his majesty as Sun Lord whether it's accidental or on purpose and is willing to use deadly force against individuals responsible for any water poisoning hitting him." 
Eric frowns as Jiang pauses to as the door opens and the doctor a monarch comes in the room speaking "I'm requesting to examine Eric with a scanner device I has in hand."
Eric gets up and gets scanned which Monarch says "Eric is fine and can leave the hospital." 
Eric asks "I want my jacket." signing it to Niya who picks it up from her chair handing it to him. 
He puts it on and then group leave to hospital entrance which a Felidae blocks the way speaking "I'm insisting to Eric to put on his hooded mask for the sky outside doesn’t look right along with the air smelling like rain." 
Eric obeys putting on masked hood which he and group leave hospital to vehicle that takes him to High Lord’s palace where he meets the High Lord in his office. 
High Lord explains to him "The reason for blabbing the water poisoning incident was I think that the others should be aware of Eric’s aversion to water so they won’t hurt him thru any means with water."
Eric thru Jiang "I get the message." 
Then High Lord mentions "Oceana will be soon hosting a sporting event called Terranian Medalists Challenge. It's like the Terrania Unity Games but it’s a Terrania Unity Games medalist only. Event for athletes to complete to have a rematch of their medal wins from the Terrania Unity Games and see if they’ll repeat their medal wins or wound up changing their position." 
Jiang speaks pretending to speak from Eric which he is annoyed about, "I'm accepting the invite to be present to the sporting event." 
Eric, Niya and guards go to plane which on it Eric reams Jiang out mentally while signing his words "Jiang! You had to be speaking the acceptance instead of consulting me about it! 
Jiang to Eric’s grumbling "Your majesty, I give my apologizes. Refusing to go to that event would make people think there’s something medically seriously wrong with His majesty, who had the no so secret water poisoning." 
Eric gets mad and tries to charge at Jiang with his hands fisted but is blocked by Niya who places bare hands on his cheeks and kisses him on the lips which he feels jolts of pleasure from the kiss rolls his eyes and kisses Niya back. He puts his arms around Niya holding her tight against him as they continue kissing which he closes his eyes and enjoys the kiss. 
Niya to his regret breaks off the kiss to verbally speak "I want to go to the bedroom with you in the planet now!"
She takes his arm and pulls him inside the bedroom with Jiang closing the door behind them. Eric and Niya get in another lip lock which they break off to strip of their clothes and shoes then naked get themselves on the bed mating with him on top of her with his bare hands underneath her back clawing the bed. He feels electrical intense jolts of pleasure from the mating while sensing her feeling the same feeling. After mating Eric pulls out grabbing the blankets at the foot of the bed and pulls it over them and falls asleep while having his head on top of Niya who falls asleep. 

Sometime during his sleep he senses the plane move taking off into the air and flying but he stays asleep and during it tightens his arms around Niya with his bare hands underneath her back while hearing her moan some sound of pleasure.

Eric arrives in Oceana takes the same elevator to the city while wearing his hood mask at Jiang’s insisting which he hugs Niya with eyes closed trying not to get the same sickness he had before. 
He hears Jiang speak "There's a in Human colored terms, a black and white, large gonoid water fish like species named Orca that breathes air despite being a water creature swimming besides the elevator going down. Oceanans have a tradition that when one sees an Orca or Orcas consider them good luck." 
He hears Niya ask Jiang "What about a legend that said Orcas have saved stranded in the seas people who are in the water by towing them to land?" 
Jiang mentions "The legend must be true for there are reports of it happening over time from people who went missing at sea were found alive on land who reportedly said that Orcas towed them to land which saved their life."
Elevator stops and Eric feels relief which he and group enter same room as before to again meet the Emperor which Eric shows his face and sees the crowd showing shocked expressions on their faces then clap and cheer happy noises. 

Eric while in quarters shared with Niya asleep in bed freaks out about the water noises getting very scared, he’s not wearing his hooded mask as he freaks out. 
He begs "Merra! Transport me elsewhere!" but she doesn’t do it as expected instead ignores him. 
He gets up as he gets image of his quarters’ bedroom and darts towards the open bathroom doorway running through it and appears in a large grey room and sees Humans with eyes that flare golden appear wearing black clothing appear along with a male with short blonde hair. 
The male with short blonde halt them by speaking "It's Eric as Terrania’s Sun Lord." 
Eric realizes that the Humans are Builders. 
The male spoke "I'm called Dinnen. The captain of the Builder guardian force called Kalka." 
Eric is escorted to the General’s office who he meets arrives and is confused to see his appearance is the same as the Terranian Builder William who also has the same name. Eric is told by William "Please come with me."
He is escorted by William, Dinnen and guards to a room where there are arm chairs scattered around and several females sitting in chairs some nursing babies while some are sitting on the floor watching toddlers’ play with each other. William clears his throat loudly which Eric sees a female Builder he recognizes as Sabba who called herself Reena has a small babyish child with his face and eyes and hair color with mittens on his hands held in her arms which she hands him who accepts him holding him.
William speaks "The child is yours with female called Reena." 
Sabba he stiffens at her placing a hand on his shoulder as he is holding the child. 
Sabba speaks "The child’s name is Eric. I apologize for my behavior towards you. Reason I did it to spite people/ I was shocked when the next day you allowed me to hold you in a hug despite what I did to you. I'm the third female to raise little Eric who while in baby hood wasn’t interested with the two previous females raising him and was crying a lot. He calmed down after one of those females placed him in my arms and I has raised him since." 
Eric hears little Eric speak calling him “Da.” 
He turns his attention to and sees the child’s face has happiness on it while repeating the word which Eric strokes little Eric’s back gently as the kid falls asleep held in his arms. He gently hands little Eric to Sabba who goes to an arm chair to sit with the child asleep on her lap. 
He hears William speak four words “Derick, Erinna, Rican, Ceria."
Four females he sees walk towards him each carrying a baby child in their arms all have his face with his golden eyes and mittens on their hands. He sees two boys judging by their short hair and two girls by their longer hair. Eric is introduced to the kids who he realizes the four words he heard are the kids’ names that he takes turns holding them who each smile being held by him. After holding the kids Eric is escorted back to the gate room. He thinks of Niya and walks through coming out of the bathroom of the bedroom which he sees Niya is on the bed lying asleep with a peaceful look on her face. He hears the water noises but shrugs it off to go to the bed laying his form on top of Niya who moan some sound loudly but stays asleep. He places his hands underneath her back and places his head touching hers as he falls asleep feeling much better about the noises and stays asleep dreaming of a beach with Niya there hugging him head on his shoulder. He gets really relaxed from and then sleepiness arrives and scene goes black as he closes his eyes.

Eric wakes up without Niya on the bed to discover the Highlander with Tikcanni’s face in the room. Eric discovers the Highlander is scared of him by his facial features which Eric threatens to punch and the Highlander closes his eyes. Eric turns invisible goes to stand in front of the door watching the Highlander who turns around darting towards the door which he appears. 
He hears a knock on the door opens it to show a Highlander in a Kaddar uniform that speaks in Oceanan "I'm requesting you, Eric to come with me including Nadal to come along." 
Eric is led to a room where he sees Niya there with a hurt look in her eyes as she stares at him then looks away. He is shown a force field monitor video of himself scratching Paul Palin posing as Emperor Palin when he lived in the cruise ship. Eric gets an angry feeling which turns his eyes sight to night vision and he shuts his eyes while letting the feeling run through him as he feels Niya hugging him. He remembers the first night he slept with Niya while in his Sun Lord quarters waking up to turn around putting a hand on her throat gagging her while feeling anger. He in the memory sees she won’t wake up puts one of her hands to grip his arm and he kisses her all over on the neck then lies on his back which is followed by him sitting up getting the urge to mate which he recalls mating with Niya then spoon fashioning her. 
Eric calms down asked by Kaddar guard "What you has to say about the video?" 
He looks at a highlander and mentally says "I'm not being amused." then looks away. 
He and Niya are ordered out and back to their quarters which once inside Niya goes to the bed lying down sobbing which he lies next to her and tries to touch her while feeling her stiffen to his touch. He falls asleep and wakes up feeling really upset about Niya being upset with him gets up to walk to the table to sit staring at her asleep. He spies a pitcher of water which he pours a cup full of water and walks to the window holding it in front of him. A black and white fish gonoid on the large size swimming in his view which he stares at then drops the cup full of water onto the floor that falls onto the rugged floor splashing around. He puts a hand on the window then goes to the door of the bedroom walking out letting his instincts take him to a door in the hallway which he takes revealing a stairwell which he goes up reaching the top most part opening the door and enters a railing decked area surrounded by water. He sees he’s not alone for the Highlander who another called him Nadal is there who looks at him with a fear look. He walks a few steps then kneels and bows his head closing his eyes while leaving his hands relaxed waiting. He feels his mind scanned as a memory of Tikcanni forgiving him flashes in his mind’s eye then ends as the scanner leaves his mind. He feels his mask pulled over his head and hears a door closing sound behind him which he senses rain falling over him and he gets up walking to the stairwell which he enters and goes back to his quarters shared with Niya. He sees Niya lying on her side facing his side of the bed with a hand on his pillow and he sees a peaceful look on her face that appears happy. He gets in bed taking her hand and puts it on his chest which he holds in place as he wraps an arm around her and falls asleep. 

He is waked by Jiang who mentally spoke "Its time to get up, your majesty."
He and Niya get up to eat at the table eating food then follow Jiang out to the Emperor’s office where he sees Nadal there. 
Emperor introduces Nadal "This is my son Nadal with my female, Ralia is an evolved Trigan. The Trigans gonoid manoid species changed forms to become shape shifting Humans who change into Orcas and back." 
Eric spies the familiar fish he saw out his window of his quarters behind the Emperor out the window which he stares at and hears the Emperor says "The fish, you see, I'm identifying it as an Orca behind him is Ralia my mate who I likes you to meet." 
He watches as Emperor Turns around making some hand language signs then the Orca goes out of view which he and Niya are led outside to a water deck which he puts on his mask. He watches as an Orca large in size comes out of the water shifting form in a fast blurry speed into a Human female with appearance that is twin to Raisa. He gets angry feeling and feels Niya holding him as he recalls his meeting with Raisa and her ordering Tikcanni to have him whipped. 
He hears Ralia speak "Eric is controlled by his anger and the only person who can calm him down is Niya herself." 
He calms down meets Ralia and then is brought inside which while in the hallway Niya faints in front of him groaning of pain which he with escorts rushed to the hospital. At the hospital Eric is convinced by Jiang to let go of holding Niya so the doctors could attend to her care which he does and she is led away by stretcher. Eric is brought to a windowless sitting room with chairs which he gets the angry feeling along with the night vision eyes sight change allows the feeling to take control attacks the rooms contents destroying them while mentally repeating Niya’s name in his mind till he stops being angry and kneels to cry tears while continuing to mentally repeat Niya’s name. 
He hears Jiang’s voice mentally speaking in his head "Niya will be alright due to having an allergic reaction to a piece of seafood she ate. You’ll be brought to her once they have her settled in a room." 
He closes his eyes and allows himself to relax as he mentally repeats "Niya is alright!" over and over while calming down.
He gets up going to an intact chair to sit staring at the walls thinking of memories of Niya till Jiang interrupts him "Your majesty, come along with me."
He follows Jiang out of room to a series of hallways till they reached a room where he sees Niya lying on the bed with an oxygen mask on her face while asleep. He grabs chair put it next to the bed and sits to grab her hand which he yanks off mask hood to put his head on the bed besides her while holding her hand as he allows himself to surrender to sleep.

Eric dreams of himself with no clothes on while naked sitting on a beach underneath a palm tree with Niya naked sitting with legs spread over his legs. His hands are bare rubbing her breasts while playing with her nipples as her hands are on his shoulders and she is arched towards him with her eyes closed. He leans forwards to kiss her on the neck while massaging her breasts with his hands as she raises her head up to give him access to her neck. He brings his hands towards her hips to grip her there while breaking off kiss to move her onto his sensitive part himself entering her. He hears Niya gasp out a moaning sound as he moves her up and down his sensitive part by hands on her hips while feeling really good from the sex. He shakes from a jolt of pleasure arrive within him as he spills himself inside her while hearing her give out a loud moaning sound. He adjusts her legs till their besides his sides keeping himself inside her as he brings his hands again to her breasts to massage them while kissing her on the neck as her hands rub his shoulders. He feels sleepiness arrive followed by the scene going black.

Eric wakes up with a hand touching his head and jerks his head up to see Niya woken up hand touching him while she’s lying in the bed oxygen mask on her face. He takes her hand he’s holding and brings it to his lips then to his cheek to hold it against his face while smiling at her as she looks at him with a smile. 

Eric with mask on and Niya are brought to an elevator that goes up opening to a large hangar room with a plane in it. 
Jiang speaks "Pipes nearly every where in the palace have been leaking water and the Emperor wants your majesty to stay on his plane for his safety to prevent any water poisoning." 
Eric and Niya find the plane have a bedroom complete with a bathroom that has a shower stall which they stay. Eric as Niya is in the bathroom changes out of his clothes to lie in bed in the buff and goes to sleep with blanket covering his private by an inch. 

Eric dreams of himself above over his body to see Niya in the buff walking towards him lying on the bed with an angry look on her face. He sees Lix appear to his annoyance that Niya appears to not see. 
He hears Lix speak words “You love Eric, don’t deny it, for he loves you.” 
Lix disappear which Niya gets in bed turning off the light. He finds himself back in his body on the bed and senses Niya’s hands touching his chest rubbing all over while touching his muscled stomach. He puts hands on the bed’s head board while watching her touch his upper body along with her kissing him which he kisses back to roll her over on her back while putting his hands underneath her back claws aimed at the mattress. He and Niya mate taking their time while feeling pleasure like feelings running through him as he senses Niya feeling the same. Eric and Niya go to sleep and are waken by Jiang mentally telling them its time to get up. Eric and Niya get up get dressed and leave the bedroom to another room that has a table and chairs to eat food then a guard arrives holding a child with face covered up which he hands to Eric who is confused. 
He hears a muffled “Da.” come from the child and stiffens as he pulls the hooded mask similar to his off the kid’s face to see its little Eric who speaks “Da.” again. 
He looks at the guard with a questioning look. 
Guard speaks "The child is his majesty's with the Mistress-" which he is interrupted to hear Niya gasp loudly. 
Guard continues "The child was brought by an unidentified golden haired Human female transported to the quarters in Americania who Kossman returned her home." 
Eric stiffens as he guesses the female is Sabba which the guard continues speaking "Kossman brought the child here after the Atlanta Hospital done an intense testing on little Eric. They discovered that the child is his majesty's and the mistress's who doesn’t have the water poisoning but has inherited the poison in his clawed hands hence the hand coverings but is still being tested for his aging and growth rate."
He sees Niya gaping at him holding little Eric which he gets up and puts the kid in her arms which she holds tightly while hearing the kid speak “Ma.” 
He watches as the kid put arms around Niya’s neck while putting his head on her shoulder looking happy. 
Eric insists to Jiang mentally "I insists on bringing little Eric along and revealing him as his son to the public my way. My identity was revealed by people figuring out about me. I want to reveal my son to them, my way without people having to guess." 
Jiang voices what Eric is saying to Niya who speaks "I refuses-" but is cut off by Eric glaring at her with annoyance on his face. 
He signs "My identity was revealed not by my own choosing. I would rather reveal my son by my own choosing instead of people figuring it out and pointing it out to me." 
Niya he sees frowns then voices "I agree." with annoyance in her tone. 

Eric wearing hooded mask while holding little Eric whose head and face is seen and group go to meet the Emperor and Nadal sitting in a chair appearing upset in Emperor’s office. 
Eric notices that the Emperor seems shocked to see little Eric who asks "Who's the offspring your holding? What about the twins, the Sun Lord flaunted as his children?"
Jiang speaks "The twins who recently passed away were descendants of the Sun Lord whose parents passed away and a family member requested Sun Lord and his mate to raise them as his own children." 
Eric mentally speaks with Jiang voicing "Little Eric is my son who is Terranian born with the Mistress but was raised off Terrania and was recently returned to be take care of." 
He mentally asks Niya thru Jiang "I'm curious if you, Niya and the Emperor are related? It's due to hearing you mention your parents who have the same family name as the Emperor." 
Niya speaks her parents’ names "Yevgeny Visser and Valeria Borsova-"
The Emperor interrupts to say "My family line from Hades fathering a son named Mykaru who I'm a descendant of. Mykaru had an older brother named Yevgeny who is said to father a slow growth daughter named Niya. The hospital revealed as the Mistress herself."
Niya speaks her shock. The Emperor then adds "Nadal has found a Highlander mate who had Marisaki’s Syndrome. I'm in process of trying to find descendants of Hades’ other children to see if Nadal can pass the throne to one of them." 
Eric frowns face hidden as Nadal groans out "How about having the Sun Lord’s son take the throne when the time is right?" 
The Emperor asks "Does the Sun Lord agrees with this?" 
Eric speaks through Jiang "My son is still being tested for his aging and growth rate so I can’t agree to this yet." 
The Emperor speaks "Nadal, the Sun Lord’s son taking over idea is good but the son could have inherited his mother’s slow growth rate. So we’ll still have to continue our search for other descendants."
 Nadal, Eric sees groans loudly before sinking lower in a chair with an unhappy look on his face while folding his arms. He feels little Eric fidget in his arms who he notices is pointing at the window which he spots an Orca peering through it with fishes swimming by. He hears the kid give off an eek sound while squirming in his arms which he looks at Jiang and then gestures with his head towards the kid in his arms still giving off the eek sound. He notices the Emperor staring and then looks behind him at the Orca out the window then at little Eric who is still giving off the eek sound while moving. 
He hears Jiang verbally speak "Little Eric is feeling a curiosity interests towards the Orca but the kid isn’t sure what to do with the feeling hence he giving off his noises because of confusion." 
Eric spoke via Jiang "I requests to the Emperor, his majesty, to hold a press conference to explain my son to the public." 
Emperor spoke "I agree to this. The announcement will be held in the stadium which I’ll arrange as soon as possible." 
Eric sees the Emperor glare at a Kaddar Highlander standing besides him who nods head then leaves the room. 

Eric wearing mask walks into stadium with Niya himself holding little Eric who is awake facing away from himself staring at the crowd. 
At the microphone Jiang speaks for Eric mentally telling him words "I, Sun Lord like to introduce my offspring, son, little Eric. He’s Terranian born and was raised off Terrania and was returned to me. The twins, I flaunted as my children whose parents died and died themselves were from another family member request. The family, the parents were a male who had a medical ailment that kept him from raising the twins along with his mate who also had the medical ailment. I am wearing a breathing device for a medical ailment."
He doesn’t explain what it is but says "The device has affected my ability to talk but I can communicate through people who can mind walk me and hand language." 
Crowds’ reaction he hears is that their fine with his words and seemed to accept them-

Eric is interrupted by Niyan yelling "Bug touching self wrongly!"
He rolled his eyes midway of signing a comment to focus onto Raisa who mouth "Just keep on telling the story. Ignore Niyan's outburst."
Eric obeyed despite disgusted with Niyan's outburst.

Eric with Niya goes on balcony to see the crowd that is silent heads staring at him despite him not wearing his masked hood. Eric gets a little annoyed which Niya and him go down to outside to see the crowd where they meet Hades. Hades is rude to Eric who doesn’t show that he’s annoyed by Hades roaring in his face along with thrusting fists in his face. Eric grabs Hades’ arm when Hades walks towards Niya who is meters behind him. Eric manages to grab Hades’ fist when the Drainer tries to punch him and keeps an ironclad hold on his arm. 
Eric feels Hades struggles but manages to put the Drainer in kneeling position then let goes of him to mentally speak to Jiang speaking his words to Hades "Niya is my mate. I won’t tolerate her being hurt by anyone or allowing Drainers to feed off of her." 
He walks away taking Niya’s arm and walks inside the building to his quarters just as the building’s alarm sounds. 
Jiang says "It’s an unwelcome visitor." 
Eric stands with hands fists eyes staring at the door as Niya is behind him. He sees Hades with knife out enter the room finds himself frozen as Hades take Niya to the twins’ room slamming the door closed. Eric finds himself unfrozen runs to the door can’t open it and then gets image of the room the twins’ room which he runs to his bedroom doorway going through it to come out of a shower stall which he walks out of the bathroom in a fast move towards Hades who thrust out knife and he’s frozen. He is helpless to move as Hades grabs him and hauls him into the bathroom into the shower stall and is held in place by Hades’ hand as Hades thrusts back knife and he struggles as Hades turns on the shower releasing his hold on Eric closing the shower door. Eric feels water poisoning smashes himself through the shower door to hit the floor while hearing Niya screaming words he doesn’t understand. 
Hades’ face swims in his vision which he moves his mouth saying the words “Help me” before passing out unconscious. 
Eric comes to find himself lying on a hard bed while feeling a pain prick in his neck of a needle in it with his eyes closed. He feels movement of a small body on his chest which he recognizes as little Eric sleeping on him judging by his still form with his son’s chest moving up and down while breathing. Eric passes out going unconscious and then comes feeling the needle in his neck removed and little Eric sitting on his chest.
Niya’s voice heard "I'm urging you to wake up! Its been four suns since your water poisoning!" 
He finds himself better opens his eyes to see Niya leaning over him with one of her hands on little Eric sitting on his chest. He sees her happiness as she kisses him on the lips with a bare hand on his cheek and breaks off kiss to smile at him which he smiles back. 
He hears Niya say "He’s awake!"
Eric watches her pick up little Eric which he sits up to face Trevor waving a scanner over him along with feeling Jiang scanning his mind which he allows. 
Eric is told by Jiang "The Mistress yelled about his majesty's problem with water to Hades who picked him up and hauled him escorted by myself and guards to here. It was before allowing guards to handcuff him and was put in the brig where he hasn’t given out any complaints. Except giving out requests to feed him and has been cooperating with the guards." 
Eric feels annoyed which the feeling goes away when Niya thrusts little Eric to him which he grips while hearing the kid give out giggling noises.
He hears Jiang mentally tell "The kid is happy being held by you." 
Jiang adds verbally "The offspring or in the Mistress's terms, the kid was crying a lot ever since his majesty, his Father, was put in the medical room and hasn’t been sleeping very much for two of the four suns while you was out unconscious." 
Jiang includes "The Mistress in her desperation to get little Eric to stop crying brought him to the medical room. The doctor found him fine but mind scans show that the kid was aware of his father being hurt was reacting from the awareness. Hence his crying so he was placed on Eric which the kid fell asleep and seemed to have stopped his bouts of crying." 
Eric hears little Eric give off a sound he recognizes as “Da.” while holding him with his hands while squirming. 
He adjusts his hold till an arm is around his son while holding him with his other hand and feels his son’s squirming stop while hearing the kid continue to give off giggling sounds.

Eric in his bedroom wakes up to see the light is on and there’s no light glowing on the window shade which he gets up walking to the bathroom to peer in. He sees Niya holding a medicinal bottle in her hand and watches her go into the shower stall which he quickly goes into the bathroom to the shower stall to glare at a surprised Niya still holding the bottle. 
He signs “You’re my mate, don’t keep secrets from me.” 
He takes the bottle from her and deposits it in the garbage chute then walks out of the bathroom followed by Niya. He gets in bed as she gets in bed turning off the lamp and he forces her in a spoon fashion position which he spoon fashions with his arms around her and falls asleep. 

He wakes up when its daylight by Jiang mentally telling him "It’s late morning and is wondering if your majesty is going to spend all day in bed." 
Eric gets up to discover that Niya isn’t with him in the room. He gets dressed goes out to the living room to the table where he eats food. He notices as he looks at his Highlander guards that they won’t meet his eyes and he’s confused about. He sees the door to little Eric’s room is closed. 
Once finished goes to the door and is blocked by a Highlander speaking verbally "The Mistress doesn’t want to be disturbed." 
He frowns and mentally asks "Merra, what's going on?" but hears silence. 
He leaves his quarters to the elevator and doesn’t feel his mind scanned as the elevator moves going down which it stops at the hallway with the shield door which he gets off. He goes inside the room to Brianna’s coffin. 
He feeling his mind scanned mentally talks to her "Niya not trusting me with her secrets. She should be doing for she’s my mate. The relationship of mates is based on trust and there should be no secrets between them. Niya isn’t honoring with me. I'm wishing that Niya would trust me. If I had any secrets from her I wish that Niya would ask and I’ll tell her about them." 
He leaves the room as his mind stops being scanned and goes to his quarters where he sees Niya come out of the room not looking at him while holding little Eric and is annoyed by her ignoring him when he tries to get her attention to sign to her. He watches her feed the kid food from a tray with a spoon and gives the kid something to drink then the kid falls asleep. He goes to her which she ignores him and his gesture request to hold the kid and he follows her into the kid’s room putting little Eric down in a crib. 
Eric gets annoyed tries to hold Niya who jerks herself out of his hold and to his shock slaps him on the face while yelling words "You stay away from me!" 
He gets angry gags her and on the neck and tries to sign his words to her but she’s not looking at him but averting her eyes. 
He hears her yell "help!" as he releases his hold on her neck. 
He grabs her and feels a prick of pain in his back which he recognizes as a dart and feels sleepiness which makes him fall asleep hitting the floor. 

Eric wakes up in his bedroom with the window shade dimly glowing light and goes out of the room to discover he’s alone and explores the quarters to discover its not his quarters for the crib is gone and he’s alone. He goes to the doorway reaching the doorknob and feels a jolt of pain in his back which makes him fall to his knees and he yanks off a gloved sleeve to feel his back underneath his clothes which his fingers feels a metal like object sticking in his upper back. 
He gets angry thinking to himself "Niya has used her voice to influence the guards to support her and her views and has outcast me." 
He continues to think as anger arrives "She has used her voice influence to keep Merra from talking to me." which he gets angrier about. 
He stands up, yanks off his jacket throwing it on the floor and strips himself to the waist and with a hand feels the object and uses his hand forcing his arm further than normal standards to grab the object and with a grimace yanks it off of him while feeling pain from that. He uses his hand to destroy the round bumpy object by crushing it in pieces then feels sleepiness as he puts his clothing back on which the sleepiness persists. 
He mentally calls "Merra! You should get Kurpanov to kidnap little Eric as a lesson to Niya for what she did to me!" and then he picks up his jacket to go to the couch to lean on it in a sitting position falling asleep. 

He has an overhead view of little Eric’s bedroom showing Niya wearing her nightgown holding little Eric while smiling at the kid who raises his head up to look at his eyes sight view with a crying look on his face then lowers his head to wail loudly as Niya rocks him. He sees Niya’s rocking puts little Eric to sleep and watches as she gently puts the kid in the crib then goes to the lower bed of the bunk bed falling asleep. He watches as Kurpanov walks out of the bathroom doorway walking silently towards the crib picking up little Eric still asleep and walks back in the bathroom disappearing out of sight which the view goes black. 

Eric wakes up from the sun of a new day shining in the apartment which he gets up to stand in front of the table with jacket slung over it with back to the door with arms folded. 
He hears Merra’s voice sounding angry in his mind speaking "I'm sick and tired of people manipulating me with their voices. I'm tempted to play manipulator again like I did before which someone told me it was wrong. I'm annoyed that people manipulating me haven’t gotten the message that it's wrong to do that to myself. Little Eric being kidnapped? Ask Eric himself for he told me that he was kidnapping little Eric and he knows where he hid the kid."
Merra adds "I'm not helping with this as payment for using a voice to manipulating me which I'm angry about." 
He hears Merra speak talking to him "Niya used her voice on me to keep me from talking to you along with using it on the guards. I’ll break Niya’s influence once you speaking with a loud voice tone shock Niya enough for her to break the influence." 
Eric mentally tells Merra "I don’t have a voice. How do you expect me to do that-?"
He is interrupted by Merra speaking "You're right on not being able to talk but you do have the ability to make a loud roaring noise along with growling noises. It doesn't come from your vocal cords but from another organ inside you that comes from you gonoid side in you which you’ll be able to make the noises." 
Eric frowns as Merra abruptly leaves his mind as he hears the door to the quarters behind him open followed by Niya’s angry voice speaking "I'm demanding you tell me where you hid little Eric!" 
He forgets Merra’s talk as his eyes sight turns night vision and he allows the angry feeling to run through out him and he lowers his arms to narrow his eyes. He hears Niya again demanding for little Eric who he turns around to face an angry Niya then charges at her which she meets his charge. He tries to gag her with her hands whacking at his hands and her hands meet his face which he successfully gags her to feel pain in his hands and he kneels as Niya keeps hitting him. He angrily opens his mouth and roars a loud angry sound to feel Niya stop hitting him and he shuts his eyes baring his teeth to growl loudly while hearing groaning sounds. He fists his hands as he feels the angry feeling while feeling Niya’s hands on his cheeks and her kissing his lips which he feels jolts of pleasure from. He feels his anger goes away as his hands unclench going to Niya’s chest to knead her as he is kissing her while feeling her kiss him back. He hears a door opening and closing sound and senses he and Niya are alone which he feels the desire to mate billowing inside him as Niya break off the kiss to pant gasping for air which he opens his eyes with normal eyes sight to see her staring at him with a wild look in her eyes. 
She speaks to him "I want to mate with you!" 
Before she finishes her talk Eric gets up lifting her up and carries her to a bedroom where there is a bed. He stands her to yank off his clothes and boots as she does the same. He sees Niya get on the bed lying on her back which he gets on top of her his hand putting the breathing device on a pillow and he enters her thrusting inside her fast while feeling charges of pleasure arrive within him each time he enters her. He opens his mouth and roars out a loud sound while hearing Niya gasp out a loud moan as he spills inside her. He feels the desire to mate still raging inside him as he puts his bare hands underneath her back claws digging into the sheeted mattress while feeling her hands on his upper back nails digging into him. He and Niya mouth pant eyes staring at each other himself feeling like needing to do more mating. He sees in her eyes she feels the same. Eric and Niya mate an uncounted number of times then both feel sleepiness and both pass out with Eric still inside Niya himself on top of her. 

Eric wakes to discover the sun is up judging by the glowing shade and he adjusts his position to stare at Niya in the face that wakes up with eyes showing hurt in them staring at his. 
He frowns as he feels her hands gently rubbing his cheeks which he hears Niya speak “Eric, I love you.” with pain in her voice as she raises her head to kiss him on the lips.
He accepts to kiss her back then they break off kiss to hug his cheek touching her cheek with his arms tightening his hold around her as he feels her hands rubbing his upper back in a gentle massaging rhythm. 
He growls a loud sound as he hears Jiang’s voice mentally speaking in his mind asking "Your majesty, are you and the Mistress are going to stay in bed all day?" 
He turns his head to face the doorway with Jiang peering through to mentally say “No.” and then the Highlander closes the door. 
Eric with regret pulls out of Niya and gets up from the bed while grabbing his breathing device as she does the same. He grabs his clothes scattered on the floor to put them on and spies his jacket lying besides the door which he assumes Jiang tossed there. He puts it on then turns around to face Niya wearing her clothes while watching her braid her hair with her bare hands and secure the braid with a elastic strap from around her wrist which she puts in her hair. He goes to her as she meets him to hug him in a tight grip which he hugs her back then they break off hug to go out of the bedroom to see Jiang standing with arms folded an annoyed look on his face. 
Eric frowns as Jiang speaks "Their out." and he sees a figure get up from the couch as he hears Niya gasp loudly. 
He see the figure is Kurpanov holding little Eric who the kid looks like he’s been crying judging by his grimace on his face and watery eyes which the Surrai goes up to him handing the kid. He hugs little Eric who he feels goes to sleep held by him with the kid’s head on his shoulder. 
Kurpanov introduces himself to Niya "I'm Eric’s older brother, Kurpanov a Surrai. We share the same mother but different father. Merra told me that Mal my mate who died some time ago suspected that she was sick days before giving birth to my son Anyan and didn’t tell me that. If Mal had told me of her suspected sickness I could have gotten medical help for her to have her have a part in Anyan’s life. She died three suns after Anyan was born and I'm still upset about her death. I feel regret that Mal didn’t tell me of her sickness and it cost her life for her silence. Something I hopes that won’t happen to Eric and his mate. Eric can’t go through another loss of a mate since losing Brianna his first mate hurt him." 
Eric frowns at Kurpanov’s words as he feels Niya’s hand on his shoulder as Kurpanov cuts his talk and then walks away going through an open bedroom doorway disappearing in a flash of light. He feels Niya hug him with little Eric sandwiched between them.
He hears Jiang speak verbally "The city natives have gotten restless not seeing the Sun Lord and Mistress visit the balcony for a certain time period and are no longer believing the guards’ excuses of the Sun Lord and Mistress being busy taking care of their child." 
Eric growls loudly his growl sounding gonoid like which Jiang cuts off his talking and he feels the Highlander scanning his mind. His conversation with Merra telling him about him having a sound ability due to his gonoid side in him flashes in his mind which he feels the highlander leave his mind and he keeps his mouth shut as he feels little Eric fidget in his arms with Niya still hugging them both. He looks down at little Eric as Niya stops her hugging to feel the kid is rubbing his head on his shoulder and feels the kid continue sleeping. He looks at Jiang who is looking at him and gestures towards little Eric with his head. 
He hears Jiang mentally speaking "Little Eric seems to have an unexplained awareness sense. He sensed that his parents were fighting and the kid was crying a lot from the feeling. The awareness is the same sense that told little Eric that his father was hurt when his father was sick from water poisoning." 
Eric frowns at what he hears as Jiang adds verbally "The Sun Lord with the Mistress should go to the balcony." 
Eric glares at the Highlander to mentally speak with him scanning his mind "I insist that little Eric come along." 
He hears Jiang verbally speak his words then hears Niya speak "I have no problem with that. I can’t bear to be away from little Eric and wants him in my sight for his kidnapping by Kurpanov freaked me out." 
Eric and group go to balcony hallway which a guard halts them which he watches the guard go on the balcony to look up at the sky then nods his head staring at Jiang. 
He sees Jiang who speaks "It's safe for Sun Lord to show his face and that they’ll tell him when to cover up if the sky looks threatening of rain." 
Eric nods his head then he holding little Eric and Niya go on the balcony to see the crowd down below that cheer their cries. He feels little Eric squirm in his arms head rubbing his shoulder then feels the kid continue sleeping as the crowd down below continues to cheer. He smiles a smile with his mouth shut as he feels Niya’s hand touching his arm holding little Eric which he looks at her to see her looking happy while staring at the crowd. Sun gets low in the sky which Eric and group leave balcony to elevator that takes them to hallway to quarters.
Inside he sees Kossman who speaks "Its good seeing Eric and Niya back together and that little Eric is lucky to have parents like Eric and Niya taking care of him." 
Eric nods his head in agreement then goes to the kid’s bedroom to place little Eric in his crib who stays asleep and feels Niya’s hand on his arm and is hugged by her. He hugs her back and then they break off hug to leave the bedroom. 
He hears Niya speak talking to Kossman "Kossman, just kindly stand in the room to keep an eye on little Eric and let myself and Eric know when he wakes just so we can comfort him if he is crying." 
Kossman he hears gives an agreement then sees the Zeskaya walk into the kid’s room which he feels Niya tug him away into their bedroom which he closes the door behind them. 
He stares at Niya who asks him "Are you aware of Kurpanov being your brother?' 
He signs "I wasn’t aware for most of my life till the Surrai told me when Brianna was alive. It was Kurpanov who helped explain my angry rage episodes. I had been getting that would change his eyes sight to make him blind and victims whoever they were would appear as distorted figures of one color. Kurpanov has said they having the fear emotion which he would attack hurting people." 
He adds signing "The breathing device was to help control my angry rage episodes. Seemed to have helped me by fixing my eyes sight whenever I get the angry rages. My eyesight would change to night vision as in seeing clear in the dark with one color instead of going blind whenever they hit me." 
Niya he sees frowns then she spoke "Eric, explain the fist mark imprint in your back."
Eric signs "It was from Hades, father of your father hitting me there. Kurpanov told me not to talk about the actual reason why I got hit on my back. I'm honoring that." 
Alarm sounds and Eric with Niya dart out of the bedroom to see Jiang speaking "It means unwelcome visitor." Eric fists his hands glaring at the door. 
He sees out of the corners of his eyes the door to little Eric’s room slam close as he glares at the quarters’ door. He sees Hades walk in with knife out and feels himself frozen as Hades goes up to him grabbing him by the neck and hauls he into his bedroom slamming the door closed and with a hand locks it by pressing a button on the doorknob. Eric feels himself kneeling and groans from Hades repeated punches in his stomach. He feels he can move again as Hades withdraws knife to put hands on the back of his head he sees and watches as Hades yank off his face which he realizes is a mask aiming it towards his face. He sees a sword stick itself in the mask yanking it from Hades’ hands and sees a Zeskaya yank mask off the sword breaking it off tossing it to the floor with crumples in pieces and then sees the Zeskaya fade from eyes sight turning invisible with outline running into the bathroom as Hades roars and angry sound. He gets the angry feeling and in quick move stands up with fists aimed at Hades hitting him repeatedly till Hades hits the floor lying on his back still squirming as he brings his fists into Hades’ front not caring where he landed his hands. Hades, he sees stops squirming as he kneels on one knee and angrily allows the angry feeling to take control which he brings his left fist repeatedly into Hades’ front as he mouth breathes and his eyes sight clouds up with whiteness as he punches repeatedly. 
Eric hears a compelling voice unsure of male or female tones speaking "I'm ordering you to stop punching Hades. Calm down." 
He halts his punching to shut his eyes closing his mouth allowing himself to breathe through his nose with the tubes in them. He struggles to calm down finds himself less angry opens his eyes showing clear eyes sight and gets up walking towards the door that is rattling which he unlocks it by turning the door knob and it crashes open to show his guards who dart in the room as he walks out to the living room. He sees Niya standing holding little Eric who looks bigger to him and eyes her as she walks to him with little Eric holding out his arms towards him. 
He takes little Eric from her and hugs his son while hearing him speak “Want Daddy.”
Eric adjusts his son to his side with an arm and raises his other arm towards Niya who goes in his embrace him hugging her as he holds little Eric. He again hears little Eric whine on wanting Daddy as he gives off a growling sound of annoyance. He notices Jiang looking at him with a suspicious look frowns but finds himself dismissing it- 

"Bug is rude!" He heard from Niyan sounding annoyed.
Eric again rolled his eyes finding Raisa giving him a familiar pleading expression on her face. He exhaled a breath and continued the story after getting Niyan's attention via hand waving.
He sighed recalling the term bug was Niyan's term spoken for "Tennan."
Eric groaned finding Raisa glaring at the ceiling above him which he looked finding a Tennan was on the ceiling with back to it. 
He eyed the Tennan on the ceiling that waved a clawed hand he recognized was their speak for "Don't look!" 
Eric exhaled a breath finding Niyan pointed a finger at the Tennan and kept on speaking "Bug on the ceiling!"
He ignored Niyan's comment and pointing to clap his gloved hands while waving a hand towards Niyan getting his son's attention.
Eric signed "Just ignore that Tennan as their called and not bug on the ceiling now, Niyan!"
He formed a glare in response only to get Niyan groaning loudly and eyeing him unblinkingly. He sighed mentally and kept on telling the story via sign language.

Jiang figures the deception of Eric cloned or twinned by noises he hears from Eric's throat sounding again. 
Jiang thinks, as told to me "Something is fishy with the Sun Lord."
He wound up saying "I insist to Sun Lord to get tested by Trevor, your medical doctor now or I'll have you knocked out for that!"
Eric gets tested by Trevor on why he has his roaring and growling noises who doesn’t share the results with him but spends time staring at Jiang who is staring at him back. Trevor tells Jiang "Internal test done on Eric doesn’t match the current test on Eric. It's due to finding female organs inside him which he didn’t have in his previous test which is resulting in him carrying an offspring at the moment."
Eric’s twin mating with Niya an uncounted number of times later gives him sickness which Trevor finds that he’s expecting a baby and twin passes out via drugged status. Twin carries the baby for three days while feeling sicker and gives birth to the baby which he dies from the birth, via drugged status courtesy of Trevor drugging him. Baby dies via drugged status with form twin to a Rakcaran Human, and twin's body after Trevor does autopsy on both is placed in coffin room with the baby’s body in the same coffin. 
Kossman on admittance "I wound up in talks to Jiang. I was telling Jiang that I was trying to find the Zeskaya who transported Eric off Terrania. I have told the other Zeskaya without saying any hints to why that I'm trying to find him just to talk to him without mentioning anything bad happened to Eric’s twin. The Zeskayas in response have appeared to be aware of this situation don't ask me how and have balked sharing this information with me-"

Raisa is heard again clearing her throat which Eric shifted the story to something else this time focused onto some other subject.

He wakes up to feel a jolt of electricity and finds a flat machine like object sitting on top of him with wheels rotating onto him. He sits up with confusion and picks up the machinery object as he is grabbed on the arm by naked figure that is nearly skeletal who pulls him into a doorway as he hears an explosion sound followed by rumbling vibrations. He stares at the skeletal figure he sees is a male Zeskaya who is looking sick. Rakcar appear with whining squeal sounds in the room he’s in which they grab him taking the machinery object and the skeletal figure and yank them out of the room to the hallway and out of the entrance which Eric sees is a forest which they lead them to a large plant with stairs coming from it. Eric recognizes it as the Rakcar’s warship. Once inside Eric is forced to a wheelchair which clamps around him. His mask is yanked off which the Rakcar look at each other before injecting him something in his neck which makes him sleepy and he falls asleep. 

Eric wakes up in the Pharaoh Throne room which he sees the pharaoh a reptilian race with a Drainer standing next to him talking as Rakcar are talking. 
He gestures with his free hands signing "I can’t talk but can hear sounds along with being fluent in Basic." 
The Drainer speaks in foreign language which the Rakcar look at him then look at the Drainer. 
He hears the Drainer speak in basic "Says how you got in the tomb?" 
Eric signs "I was brought there and left there." 
He hears the Drainer translate his words in foreign language which the Pharaoh sings sounds then the Drainer speaks in Basic "You have a facial appearance that is twin to a Mesan’s Curse who was pharaoh before this Pharaoh but isn’t the Mesan’s Curse Pharaoh and wants to know why." 
Eric signs "I don’t know why. The Mesan’s Curse Pharaoh swore before execution that he’ll return. I'm not sure if its means returning as himself." 
Eric hears Drainer speak in foreign language then the reptilian Pharaoh sings words and then the Rakcar once again inject him with something in his neck and he falls unconscious. 

He wakes up lying on a cot by hand on his arm shaking him to see a Human male with a Rakcar and Anubis, a jackal head humanoid standing behind them. 
Eric gets up as the Human male speaks "My name is Seventy. I've stuffed your mask in your jacket pocket." 
Eric feels with a hand on his jacket. 
Rakcar standing there says "I'm called Norok. I disagree with the Rakcar being obsessed with wearing tech that makes them hide in plain sight and moves fast. I refuses to wear and expects that honored."
Eric frowns hearing this as Seventy talks "The Rakcar have forgotten to do things due to their obsession with the tech a price tag Norok isn’t willing to pay." 
Eric frowns some more as Seventy adds "I insists that you come with us." 
He follows them to elevator that leads to a big cafeteria like room with stuff like machinery like boxes that give up food and windows in one side of the room with double doors leading to outside. Eric sees Humans male and female along with Rakcar wearing dresses scattered around the room. He sees the Rakcar have female forms some are pointing at his direction while appearing to be whispering among themselves. Eric keeps his mouth shut as Seventy teaches him how to get food from the machinery which he follows him to a table and sits to eat. He hears a knocking sound on the window next to the table and looks to see a Zeskaya standing outside who wave a fist at him before fading from eyesight and he sees an outline turn around before jogging away which disappears in a blink of his eyes. 
He hears Seventy explain to Norok "The Rakcar were ruled by a Mesan’s Curse Pharaoh who Mesan’s Curse overthrew whose face was seen before he was said to be executed and body disposed." 
Norok he hears seems confused on this but Seventy points a figure at Eric himself speaking "The Pharaoh was him." whom he hears a loud growl sound and sees Anubis tap Seventy on the shoulder which the Human looks at. 
He sees Anubis shake his head in a “No” gesture and hears a loud whisper coming from Anubis speaking "This person, is a twin. He doesn’t smell like the Mesan’s Curse Pharaoh and isn’t him but looks like him by his facial appearance." 
He sees Seventy mouthing Anubis’ words which Norok is staring at the Human with a frown on his face. 
Eric nods his head in agreement which the three sees and Seventy speaks "Its strange that Mesan’s Curse Pharaoh have someone have his facial appearance but its odd." 
Eric nods his head in agreement. The group eats their food in silence. 

Eric lying on a cot is staring at the ceiling feels a reptilian hand on his cheek moves his eyes to stare at a female Rakcar kneeling next to his bed gently rubbing his cheek which she moves her hand to his forehead and forces his eyes closed. He senses the female’s hand pat his gloved hand and then passes out. 

He finds himself in a dry arid desert field with cracks in the ground. He frowned looking around and saw a mountain chain in the distance surrounding the field. Eric turns around and sees a towering above him large cylinder thin at the top and wide at the bottom. The thin part he saw had a window enclosure enclosing the thinnest part with a triangle roof top which he recognizes as an ancient Earth lighthouse. He felt a tap on his shoulder by a hand and turn to his left to face a Humanoid being in a male form with long sun colored hair pulled back and a Human appearance on his face with Human ears but had golden sun colored Human eyes. Eric recognizes the being as a Humanian who looked like the Humanian Jon he saw was dressed in shiny grey colored metal like clothing and he saw the hands were bare and clawed who has an angry look on his face. 
The Humanian spoke “A new toy for me to play with. I’ve grown bored with the toys I’ve been playing with from being in the guardian tower.” 
Eric feels confusion as the Humanian grabs him by hand on the neck and lifts him up which he struggles to breathe while feeling the Humanian punch him repeatedly in his stomach. Then he is airborne in the air to land on the ground on his back which he sees the Humanian blink out then appear with a blink to be standing next to his head with a foot on his neck pressing into it. Eric gags and struggles to talk which he discovers that he can’t talk which the Humanian looks up blinking out.
He hears the Humanian speaking “Well, what we have here, a Rakcar who’s a fool accompanied by the Hybrid freak Seventy.” 
Eric sits up to see Norok and Seventy standing side by side with arms folded glares on their faces. He feels a hand on his shoulder looks to see Anubis who grabs his arm pulling him to a standing position. 
He stares at the Humanian as Norok speaks "What the files say about me killing a Humanian named Karina?" 
The Humanian roars some angry sound and charges in a disappearing in a blink and appears in front of Norok gagging him with hands on his throat. 
Norok he hears gags out with Seventy pounding the Humanian’s back with his fists "There should be a record of Karina’s death which would show what I did with her body after I killed her."
Eric feels Anubis let go of his arm and sees Anubis charging at them with staff in his hand in front of him while howling some angry sound. 
He stands watching as Norok continues to gag out "What’s stopping Jon from finding out what I did to Karina’s body and manipulating people to attend to the remains?" 
As Anubis reaches them swinging his staff at the Humanian’s head. The Humanian he sees blinks out which he also sees Norok bending down coughing.
Anubis growls out loud a remark "The Humanian being obsessed with some Humanian child killed by a Rakcar."
Then Anubis is thrown on his back as the Humanian blinks back appearing to be pushing him which Eric watches as the Humanian is raining fists onto Anubis’s face as Norok and Seventy both attack the Humanian punching his back. The Humanian he sees is suddenly thrown back wards in the air and is caught by hand on his neck which Eric sees belongs to King Winter with an angry look on his face with Rakcaran like eyes. 
He hears the Humanian gag out “Stop your cold! I can’t take it!” 
Eric sees the lighthouse appear behind them and sees electrical lightening come from it going into the sky then return and comes out hitting the Humanian on the head who doesn’t scream in pain from it. 
He watches as the Humanian closes his eyes with a pained expression on his face while groaning out loud loudly “Karina, my Karina” repeatedly over and over. 
He sees King Winter point his staff in his direction and a blast of snow comes from it hitting him which he closes his eyes to find himself back on the cot jerking his eyes open to stare at he ceiling. He sits up to see Norok on another cot and Seventy behind him on another cot both sitting up shaking their heads with confusion in them. 

Eric while eating hears Norok talk while eating "I didn’t really kill Karina but stun her and took her away to a boat. I went to an island surrounded by a lake and met Mesan’s Curse there that took an awaken Karina from me. They left me stranded on the island. I had to wait till sundown for Rakcar to come with another boat." 
Norok adds "I was the first known Rakcar at my time to have contact with Mesan’s Curse and saw what they looked like underneath their masks. Looks like the Mesan’s Curse Pharaoh’s twin sitting next to me."
 
Eric in sleep dreams of the arid desert field again and see the lighthouse and the Humanian kneeling meters away with back to him head down while hearing sounds like crying. He goes to the Humanian who starts rocking his form back and forth and walks in front of him to see the Humanian has a pained look on his face with eyes closed while groaning crying sounds. 
Eric kneels in front of the Humanian who stops rocking while staring at him who starts speaking words "Karina wasn’t killed by Norok like Jon thought but died of an ailment in her adult age and her remains are preserved in an ancient, forgotten by Rakcar, building said to be built by Mesan’s Curse before they went into hiding. The Rakcar haven’t bothered to visit but Humans have been using it as their gathering spot for meetings and discussing things. With occasionally Mesan’s Curse there eavesdropping in their hidden forms." 
Eric frowns as the Humanian adds "My name is Jon and Jon is leader of the Humanians also known as a converter." 
Eric stares at Jon who continues "Being known as converter was Jon would convert dead Human females who have the same hair as Humanians into Humanian females. Mostly by cutting own wrist with a knife and spill own blood in their open eyes then bring the cut wrist to their mouth dripping own blood into them with some waking up grabbing own arm and sucking which brings pleasure to Jon."
Eric frowns at hearing Jon’s talk as the Humanian continues "Jon has never converted a female child before. After Jon did it Jon felt some powerful connection feeling towards Karina who appeared to feel the same way towards Jon. Jon got really upset when Norok shot Karina terminating own link to her. Jon tortured Norok in his mind here. Jon had been doing for awhile till Norok left the planet by warship and continued his torture after Norok returned." 
Eric stares at Jon who opens his eyes showing pain in them as Jon continues speaking "Thanks to King Winter forcing Jon to scan files for Karina. Jon discovered that she once grown mated with a Mesan’s Curse male who files say is a Hybrid of several species that had a mental link with her and had twin sons one who is here in a hidden location in Rakcara. With other Mesan’s Curse at a gathering spot they meet all the time there and the other son was taken by the High Council after Rakcar attacked him." 
Jon he sees moves his eyes to stare at him who Jon speaks "The twin sons one is called Alexei who later became Sun Lord and his brother Jon named after own self who goes by the name of Leader."
Eric stiffens hearing the words as Jon adds "The Rakcar did a through number of tests on Eric and has recorded their findings on file. Says that he is a relation to Karina as in a child of Alexei and a relation to the Mesan’s Curse Pharaoh who on file recorded has the Human name of Jason." 
Eric forms confusion on his face as Jon looks at him in the eyes speaks "Jason was the Hybrid one who Karina mated and he fathered twin sons from her." 
Eric drops open his mouth of shock as Jon continues "Jason after Karina’s death had an undetected mental illness from his mental link with Karina being destroyed that made him become Dictator when he ruled as Sun Lord and his twin sons took him down executing him. His body carried by his twin sons was transported through an open doorway disappearing off Rakcara and they came back without him. His twin sons hid the fact that they were Dictator’s offspring and haven’t mentioned it to the other Mesan’s Curse but some of them suspect this. It was proven by visits of Eric and Alexei brought to their meeting spot by the Elementals."
Jon includes "Its time for Eric to wake up."
Eric wakes up on a cot with Seventy shaking his arm. He gets up as following Norok, Anubis and Seventy to a hallway instead of taking the elevator which they go through several hallways before reaching a cave room where there is a metal gated arch Eric recognizes as a gate. 
Seventy to Eric speaks "You're to take the gate going through the gate to home."
Eric walks to the gate and enters it. Eric went through the gate watched by Seventy, Norok and Anubis. He found himself entering a forest area he recognized as the Surrai gated area and stood with a frown on his face. 
He mentally called as the sun arrived shining its rays of light “Merra! Its Eric, I’m back!” 
He heard the feminine voice of Merra speaking “Welcome back Eric. Hold on while I transport you.” 
He blinked his eyes and found himself in his apartment with Niya sitting in a dining chair eyes staring at the wall while wearing her Mistress outfit with the mask on the table with the fading sun in the background. He saw Jiang with back to him sprung around with widen eyes which his facial expression turned to a relief look. Eric stared at Jiang as he felt the familiar feeling of the Highlander scanning him. 
He mentally spoke “What did I miss and how long was I gone?”
He stared at Jiang who spoke using his voice “You were gone three suns which the Mistress at the end of the first sun started acting upset. She has been crying too much along with sitting while staring at the walls with a blank expression on her face. I had to force her to eat and make sure she’s getting some sleep.”
He stared at Jiang who paused then continued speaking “The Mistress has at the beginning of the third sun started withdrawing into her mind which from mind scans shows all she’s thinking is you. I haven’t been able to bring her out of this so see if you can do it.” 
He nodded his head and went to the dining table yanking off his gloves and attached jacket which he placed on a chair baring his clawed hands. He placed them both on Niya’s cheeks and lowered his face lips touching hers kissing her. Eric rolled his eyes closing them as he felt an electrical charge of pleasure as his lips touched Niya. 
He thought to himself “I missed her.” 
He heard a moan sound from Niya and sensed one of her hands touching his cheek followed by her other hand touching his chest as he felt her kissing him back. He broke off the kiss opening his eyes to kiss Niya on the forehead that opened her eyes to stare at him with tears spilling from them. He straightened up to move his hands to her shoulders pulling her towards him as he held her against his form. He exhaled a breath feeling charges of pleasure from her arms wrapping around him and her head on his form through his clothes. He heard Niya crying some sounds as he held her against his form with his hands running through her hair. He smiled a small smile as he looked down at Niya and felt her arms around him tightened. Eric wound up with the desire to mate hitting him wound up getting Niya into their bedroom stripping each other of their clothes. Eric having gloves off feels really intense electrical charges of pleasure whenever he touches Niya or she touches him. He wounds up breathing through his mouth during their touching each other which he gets rages with his eyes sight fogging up on and off but can control his angry feelings for the pleasure feelings are overwhelming his rages and his touch sense on Niya and her touching him is helping him with the control. Eric and Niya get in bed and mate fast then once catch their breath mate again for the second time. They pause after the mating to kiss each other on the lips.
Niya tells him "I missed you so bad. Was very upset when you was taken away off Terrania." 
She adds "I had Kossman tell his people what a Zeskaya did to you. Merra is said to discover who and had Kurpanov torture that Zeskaya who goes by the name of Rule Breaker. Rule Breaker has already admitted about the Zeskaya having a Sun Lord with face twin to Eric who ruled them like a Dictator with the Rakcar. Rule Breaker had a sister who said that Dictator raped her thru forced mating. She wound up near death carrying a baby who turned out to be a Drainer that drank from within her and nearly killing her. Her birthing the baby was awful because the Drainer didn’t want to come out and was surgical forced out." 
Eric frowns hearing this as Niya continues speaking "The baby was taken from Rakcara to Terrania according to Merra and left there. The baby according to Merra grew up to be a Drainer who took the titled name of Aiden after the original Aiden passed away and has outlived many Drainers except Tia who is older than him. Merra told me that she has scanned Rule Breaker’s mind and found his words true and scanned the Drainer Aiden’s mind which she is manipulating to remember his parentage for he has memories of his parents in his mind that he hasn’t been accessing-"

Once again Eric was interrupted from telling the story by Niyan giving of a loud boo comment.
He signed in response "Niyan, either go to sleep or just pay attention to me telling the story. I'm telling it anyway I want."
He continued signing to Niyan's booing comment repeatedly despite Raisa seen rolling her eyes and looking disgusted. 

Eric in the morning after eating is told "Aiden a Drainer arrived to the headquarters during the night requesting an audience with you." 
Eric feels anger as the memory of his time in the Drainers’ castle flashes in his mind which mentally snarls "I agree to see." 
He goes to the lobby room while wearing his mask to stand with arms folded staring at a sleeping Aiden who is waked by a Highlander. Aiden he sees is grumpy towards the waking but gets up once Highlander points to him. 
Eric speaks through Highlander voicing in a sarcastic tone calling Aiden “Uncle Bell head, I'm disappointed about you allowing your niece to be hurt by the Drainer King." 
Eric feeling anger raging through out him continues speaking "I'm disappointed with Uncle Bell head for following the Drainer King’s orders on getting I and my mate from here to your home. Mostly torturing me with snake gonoids and getting me chained up to be hit by a whip. I had to free myself and getting water poisoning which Uncle Bell head did nothing to stop this." 
He sees Aiden open his mouth who roars out an angry sound.
Eric cuts off his talk as the Drainer speaks "I didn’t know of my family connection till I remembered it recently. The Drainer King was sick with an illness when he hurt Arielia-"
Eric interrupts "You're lying about the Drainer King being ill for you didn’t mention that to me when you returned Arielia back to her people."
Aiden speaks "The Drainer King three suns after Arielia left fell unconscious in the throne room with his female there. He was tested which they discovered that he had an illness raging in his system. He had it before Arielia arrived to the castle and was suffering from it. Causing him to want to mate with females and feed heavily." 
Eric allows anger to take control lowers his arms and walks forwards towards the taller than himself Aiden who stops talking to stare at him which Eric throws a fist into Aiden’s stomach who bents down groaning. Eric throws another fist into Aiden aiming at his forehead which the Drainer hits the floor backwards to lie groaning. Eric points a finger at the drainer and fists his hand while waving it. 
Eric walks back to his Highlander speaker to mentally speak "I want Aiden to leave now!" 
Then walks away to an elevator and gets on it with Highlanders in it. Elevator goes up as Eric closes his eyes breathing hard through his mouth while fisting his hands and shaking them. He gets rages opens his eyes charges forwards blindly hits the elevator wall which he punches and feels his mind scanned with the rages going away as he continues to breathe through his mouth. Elevator stops at a floor which the Highlanders there force him out and force him to a sitting position back on the wall yanking his mask off his face and he again feels the rages come again while breathing thru his mouth. He finds himself restrained to his sitting position on the floor as the rages are going through him clouding up his eyes sight. Eric discovers to himself that he can’t stop breathing through his mouth and struggles to calm down as the rages are running though him. He shuts his eyes clamping his mouth shut and tries to breathe through the tubes in his nose while struggling with the urge to mouth breathe. He is still struggling when he feels gloved hands touching his cheeks rubbing gently and he feels a head he senses belonging to Niya leaning against his as her arms are around his neck. He keeps his eyes shut as he breathes thru tubes in his nose calming down and senses the rages have left him. He rubs his head against Niya’s as he moves his hands and arms which are freed to put them on her sides gently rubbing. Eric gets an unidentified feeling and feels Niya abruptly get up while feeling his mind scanned. 
He hears Merra say "Trusting me with something."
The feeling goes away and the headache of his mind scanned. He opens his eyes to stare at Niya kneeling next to him who pick up his hand which he leans forward and wraps arms around her holding her in a hug as she frees his hand. 
He feels himself much better hears Jiang speak voice "The crowd has been seen outside kneeling along with word going among them that the Sun Lord has an illness and their hoping that he’ll get better along with worrying about him." 
Jiang adds "This assumption was from the Mistress visiting the balcony alone without him. Has the crowd worried about the Sun Lord at each of her visits for two suns."
Eric nods his head gets mask puts it on as Niya puts on her mask. Group goes to elevator to balcony floor where they see Trevor with hood covering his head standing nearby holding a scanner. Eric goes to balcony with Niya which he sees crowd below kneeling that abruptly get on their feet cheering and clapping when they see him. After a sun position movement he senses a tap on his shoulder and looks to see Trevor standing besides him with a finger pointed to the elevator and a teeth baring look on his face. Eric waves a hand in an arch then leaves balcony with Niya to the elevator followed by Trevor which takes them to hallway to Sun Lord’s quarters. Eric in quarters feels fatigue catching up with him which is making him sleepy. 
Trevor there says "Eric has exhaustion and needs to sleep it off according to his scanner."
Eric goes to his bedroom with Niya and he changes out of his clothing to pajama pants and gloves which he lies in bed closing his eyes and passes out. 

Eric woke up to discover it was night time and he could feel Niya lying on the bed next to him. He rolled over towards her as the familiar strange feeling arrived again within him. He exhaled a breath got up from the bed to the wall as the feeling raged throughout him. He leaned his forehead on the wall with his hands next to it clawing it as he breathed through the tubes in his nose. He felt a headache of his mind being scanned as the feeling got stronger overtaking him. He kneeled lowering himself on his side putting his head on his bent arm and closed his eyes. 

Eric dreamed of a memory of himself at a younger age looking like a teenager in a padded room sitting in a leaning position against the padded wall. His clothes he recalled in the memory were a grey tank top and white pants as he stared at the small window in the padded wall. He continued to stare as the window moved forwards like a door showing a female wearing a blue jumpsuit carrying a tray entering the room. The female he saw had long black hair pulled back in a tail as a feeling arrived within him from his sensitive part below his waist between his legs. He felt the urge to stare at the female’s rounded poking out chest as he licked his lips. He saw the female set the tray down then turned around walking towards the open doorway. Eric moved his eyes to her round seat staring at it flexing as she walked out. He got up rubbing a hand on his sensitive part and went to the tray sitting down in front of it and grabbed the food with his hands eating and drinking. Once finished he exhaled a breath and went to a corner and sat leaning against the wall with a hand on his sensitive part as he stared at the window. He felt sleepiness arrived overtaking him and laid his form down falling asleep going unconscious. 

He woke up to discover himself lying naked on a bed with his wrists chained to arm rail rests and he felt needles poking in his skin in his arms and legs as he opened his eyes. He looked around to see a curtain surrounding the bed with a black boxy object jutting from the foot of it. He exhaled a breath as the curtain was swished aside and the familiar female came in his view that swished the curtain back behind her. Eric stared at her while feeling the familiar feeling arrive within him. He licked his lips as she stared at him put a finger to her lips then leaned over with a hand towards his sensitive part. He jerked from pleasure shutting his eyes as her hand closed over him. He panted breathing through his mouth as her hand moved up and down his length while feeling a cold round object at the tip of it. He gasped as he felt himself release from the pleasure while feeling something spilling from him which he moaned some sound loudly. He still panting felt the female’s hand leave him and shivered from that as he heard the sound of a curtain swish open and shut. Eric opened his eyes staring at the boxy object at the foot of his bed as he felt himself returning to normal levels. He exhaled a breath as the curtain swished aside and he growled seeing the masked orderly who pulled out a syringe injecting the contents in his arm followed by sleepiness which overtook him. 

He woke up feeling himself wearing clothes he recognized as a jumpsuit while sitting in a chair and heard chain rattles sounds which he opened his eyes to see his arms had chain manacles on them. 
He heard a throat clearing sound and looked at his left to see a man with white hair wearing black clothing and a white collar standing besides him who Eric remembering recognized as Alexei gestured with his head while speaking “Eric, take a look.” 
Eric looked at what Alexei was gesturing to see a window in front of him which he got up from the chair and stood in front of the window to see an orderly holding a moving bundle which he stared with confusion. 
He looked at Alexei with confusion on his face who spoke “That’s a baby and it’s a boy named Kurt.” 
He frowned as he stared at the orderly holding Kurt which he saw was wearing blue clothing with a blue hat on his head with wisps of black hair peeking out who opened his eyes. He stared at the baby who showed brown colored eyes that met his eyes appearing to be staring at him. Eric frowned as he felt a headache arrived and turned away from the window to stare at Alexei who had a frown on his face. He felt a prick of pain on his back while hearing the familiar sound of a dart gun going off and felt sleepiness arrived within him which he went to the chair and sat going unconscious. 

Eric jerked open his eyes sitting up in the darkened room of his bedroom with an exhale of a breath through his mouth. He frowned as the memory again replayed in his mind’s eye. He rubbed a gloved hand on his face as the familiar feeling left him followed by the headache of his mind scanned leaving. He got up from the floor and stood staring at Niya lying on her side facing his side of the bed still asleep with a hand on his pillow. He stared at Niya with a frown on his face emotions running through him. He went to the bed and got in pulling the blankets over himself and took Niya’s hand off his pillow onto his chest as he lay down. His eyes stared at the ceiling as he held Niya’s hand on his chest with a hand on it. He closed his eyes falling asleep. 

Eric leaned back in the chair lost in thought as the Highlander removed the tray in front of him. He saw a masked Kossman come out of the former children’s room with a light show that stood with arms folded. Eric frowned as he stared at Kossman with the memory of him fathering a son named Kurt running in his mind.
Kossman he saw walked over to him and spoke “Your father told me to tell you something which Merra says you remember what it is. You fathered a son named Kurt by artificial means implanted in a female who had a fast pregnancy. Kurt had a fast growth spurt grew to adult within one Earth year or cycle. The Hybrid Kurt you met at the prison is your son.”
He stiffened from shock as Kossman paused and spoke “Video records show Kurt acting friendly with you for it is not what he usually does with the other Hybrids for he’s seen as a loner who keeps to himself and doesn’t hang out with the others. The records also show that Kurt demonstrated his abilities to you alone and shared things he hasn’t told with the others.”
Eric fisted his hands as he felt anger arriving within him which he bared his teeth. 
Kossman he heard kept talking “The virus he had affecting people was a result of a mutation within him which affected you. Tests results on you after you showed your hidden state ability show that the virus caused a mutation in you which brought out the hidden state ability.”
Eric let anger take control as he abruptly stood up from the chair while mouth breathing. Kossman he stared at with angry eyes cut himself off as he went to the windows of the covered porch and slammed a fist on it which remained intact. He leaned his forehead on the window with his hands besides his head on the window while breathing hard through his mouth. He felt the angry feeling overtake him which he shut his eyes as a familiar feeling arrived within him. He fisted his hands in a tight grip as he allowed the feeling to run within him as he felt the rages arrive. He turned himself sideways leaning on the window while folding his arms as he shut his mouth struggling to breathe through the tubes in his nose. 
He kept his eyes shut as he heard Niya’s voice speaking “Kossman, whose Kurt’s mother? I’m curious about that.” 
He heard Kossman reply “Kurt’s mother was a woman named Kendall Kurt who was mentally sick in the head locked up too insane to live among people. She was put to death after having Kurt due to the fast pregnancy making her very sick in her body that was slowly killing her.”
He heard Niya speak “Oh interesting but female mentally sick in the head?"
Eric frowned as he felt the rages left him with his anger simmering as Kossman spoke "Actually back then it was normal for the place Zesky Asylum to use females mentally sick in the head to carry offspring they created implanted in them. This stopped when word of this leaked out to the females’ families who talked to the land’s the Zesky Asylum is on, rulers making it clear that they didn’t agree to this when they had the females locked up.”
He heard Niya speak “Oh ho.” 
Eric opened his eyes as he felt the familiar feeling leave him as Kossman spoke “Sun Lord, Alexei included in his talk that Kurt fathered a son with a female named Sue who is the Hybrid female with the same name sick with an illness that you met at the place you were kept with the other Hybrids.”
He narrowed his eyes to glare as Kossman continued talking “The son according to records is named Liam, who Merra tells me is Lix’s father.” 
He straightened his form eyes boring at Kossman who cut off his talk as he fisted his hands and then twisted bringing a fist into the window which remained intact at his punch. He leaned his forehead against the window with his arms folded as he shut his eyes as anger billowed through out him. 
He bared his teeth as he heard Merra speak in his mind “Lix is not aware of his family heritage but I believe telling him will get him to stop wanting Niya as his.” 
Eric mentally spoke “Then tell him, Merra.”
He straightened up his form and felt cold air blowing around him and opened his eyes to discover himself in the Builder stronghold facing a doorway opening. He narrowed his eyes with a glare as Lix came into view whose eyes narrowed seeing him. He lowered his arms as Lix flicked out his sword and disappeared from view and he felt something hard hit him on the back of his head as the ground rushed up towards him and he fell unconscious. 

Eric dreamed of an overhead view of a naked male lying in a bed chained while wearing an oxygen mask as he saw people wearing scrubs attaching round cylinder tube that appeared to lead to a boxy cart besides them to the male’s sensitive part while rubbing their gloved hands up and down his length. He saw one of them remove the mask off the male’s face showing his face himself at as younger a teenager aged lying on the bed and saw one of them inject a syringe into his neck then the scene went black. 

Eric dreamed of another scene that showed him sitting in a wheelchair chained in a large room with vertical tubes. Alexei he saw was standing next to him as he saw people pushing wheeled stretchers into the room. He saw lying on the stretchers were the Hybrids from the prison who were pushed into the room out of his eyes sight behind vertical tubes. 
He heard Alexei speak “A pity, the government ordered them dead an order I refused to do.”
He stared at Alexei who turned his head towards him speaking “Don’t worry your children won’t die because of the actions of Kurt. I’ll see that Kurt will be caught and you’ll be his executioner for it’ll be punishment enough for his actions and what the government ordered towards his brothers and sisters.” 
The scene went black as Eric found himself back in his body lying on his back on the snowy ground. 
He heard Niya’s angry voice speaking “Lix, you’re an idiot. Liam your father is a descendant of Eric so stop trying to take me away from your predecessor.” 
He opened his eyes as he heard Lix speak “Niya.” 
Eric felt himself going unconscious as he heard Niya yell “Eric!”
He came to find himself kissing a female on the lips which his hands were on her head and felt her bare hand on his cheek. He jerked open his eyes and broke off the kiss to stare at Niya who opened her eyes to stare at him back. 
He heard exclamations of voices overlapping from his right side. He turned his head and saw a group of Builders standing there chatting among themselves as he saw William standing with arms folded an amused expression on his face who was silently staring at himself. He frowned as he saw Niya out of the corner of his eyes put on part of her jacket thrusting her arm through its sleeve and attached glove. Eric sees Lix lying on the ground with sword in his hand unconscious.
He hears William silence the crowd by speaking loudly "Lix had it coming." 
Eric back in quarters with Niya confronts Kossman by signing with Niya voicing his words "The Hybrids are all being my children as said by Alexei in a memory I recently had. Along with a memory of me lying on a bed with people touching me with a part of me going into a cylinder object with a tube leading to a boxy cart." 
Kossman he hears "I confirms that you, Eric fathered the Hybrids who all had different mothers. All women sick in the head who were implanted with a part of you. They all had fast pregnancies and that the Hybrids are like Kurt grew to adult hood in one Earth cycle. All the Hybrids except Kurt are alive in tubes at the other cruise ship with Alexei and people keeping an eye on them."
Eric gets angry closes his eyes and breathes through his mouth as a familiar rages feeling arrives while feeling his mind scanned which cuts his rages short. He breathes through his nose with the tubes in it as he recalls breaking up a fight between two male Hybrids Ted and Steve successfully while remembering them resuming their fight whenever Ionela tried to break them up. Eric remembers seeing two female Hybrids Corina and Gina get a hair pulling fight which he stopped with one glaring look at them who walked away in separate directions and like Steve and Ted haven’t bothered to fight with each other again. 
Eric signs while hearing Niya speaking his words "A question of whether the Hybrids were aware of me being their father?"
He folds his arms eyes still closed as he hears Kossman speak "The Hybrids once grown met Alexei one by one in Kossman’s presence. Were told of Eric fathering them. Along with an oath to keep the knowledge to themselves and not share it with the others."
Eric gets familiar feeling again which he hears Kossman go silent. He feels his mind scanned and gets memory of himself at current age waking up in a wheelchair in the rugged room with orderlies pulling him out of the chair towards an open doorway. He roars some sound attacking the orderlies throwing two of them to the floor while knocking their dart guns out of their hands. 
The third he gags on the neck speaks words in a gagging tone "Eric, choose to go in the room and get a mate later or be isolated without people contact and it's your choice."
Eric lets go of the orderly and walks into the room which he sees from memory is the padded room and slams the door behind him and then goes to a corner to sit glaring at the walls. He remembers getting the rages and standing up roaring while hearing a door opening sound and seeing a blue movement appear which he attacked grabbing the head and felt a painful jolt of electrical charges hit his hands when he touched the head. He let goes of the head to roar a painful roar then grabs the neck area and again feels the painful jolt which he let goes and stands sideways away from the figure while shutting his eyes roaring a pain sound. He hears door slamming close while feeling the rages leave him and opens his eyes to look at the door which is closed and sees he’s alone in the room which he feels a prick of pain in his arm and discovers a syringe dart in it. He falls asleep is falling towards the floor going unconscious. 

Eric shakes his head of the memory as the scanner leaves his mind frowns as he folds his arms and hears Kossman speak "Merra, told me what he was just remembering. Is they were testing Eric’s angry rage reaction towards Brianna by having her in his cell when he got the rages. They observed him acting like he was suffering pain whenever he tried to hurt her and hearing him roar in distress after every time he let go of touching her with his hands."
Kossman ads "This got them to trust him with Brianna and the result of creating Ricky and Cassie came from that trust." 
Eric gets familiar feeling along with eyes sight turning night vision which he charges towards Niya and blinks his eyes to discover himself surrounded by people who are throwing ropes on him. He managed to yank the ropes off of him and sees one of them standing in front of a hut who howls some sound and he charges at the figure as a lion like gonoid gets in his way knocking him to the ground and lion sits on his front with its entire body which he struggles with no available to move off of him. He jerks his eyes shut when he gets a headache that is pounding in his head and stops trying to remove the lion off of him by keeping his hands on the lion’s head while lying there with it on top of him. He gets scene of himself sitting up in bed with Niya lying asleep besides him feeling the desire to mate raging through him. He leans over towards her and kisses her on the lips then gently bites her lip with his fanged teeth. He takes one of her hands and touches his cheek with it while hearing her choke which goes away. He rubs her hand on his cheek as she stays slumbering and removes her hand off his cheek and places his gloved hand on her sensitive area feeling the area with the nightgown covering it. Then he pulls the nightgown up baring her below the waist and he adjusts his pants baring himself then settles on top of her entering her. Eric mates with her being asleep and once done pulls out of her then puts her nightgown back covering her and adjusts his pants to cover himself. He feels the urge to mate leave him after he pulls out and frowns about that. 
He stares at Niya while thinking "I miss Brianna so bad. It's making me feel like needing to mate with a female and having to do it to Niya with her asleep and not aware of me." 
He turned her form till her back was to him and spoon fashioned her with his arms around her and fell asleep which he wakes up in the morning with shock on his face when he senses he’s spoon fashioning Niya.

Eric jerks his eyes open to stare at the tree tops with a shocked expression on his face. He finds his eyes sight is back to normal and realizes that the scene he had in his mind was a memory and remembers that he did that first night Niya slept in bed with him. He finds lion is gone from sitting on him and he sits up to see one of the people figures with all shiny all black clothes and golden lion like eyes peeking from a masked status, staring at him with arms folded. He stands up and blinks his eyes to find himself back in his quarters and sees Niya sitting on a chair get up walking towards him with a frown on her face. He feels tears come to his eyes loses it as his knees go weak and kneels while feeling Niya’s hands pulling him towards her in a hug as he buries his face on her shoulder while shaking from the crying feeling running through out him. 
He thinks "I'm betraying Brianna by mating with Niya when I was still hurting from her death." 
He senses his mind scanned as he thinks that thought and hears Merra’s voice speaking "It was Brianna who wanted you to move on with Niya and wanted you to accept Niya. Despite you hurting from her death hence you mating with Niya while you was still hurting as a way of getting you to heal from the pain." 
Eric cries harder and grips Niya’s sides with his hands while feeling Niya rubbing his back and head with her hands and hears her humming some soothing sound which seems to be calming him from the crying feeling running through out him. He wraps his arms around Niya and feels his tears stop which he shuts his eyes and keeps his head on her shoulder listening to her humming sound which helps him relax as he calms down. Eric gets so relaxed that he falls asleep passing out unconscious and comes to discover himself lying on the couch with his head on Niya’s lap who is rubbing his forehead with her bare hand. 
He opens his eyes to stare at Niya who admits to him "The first night we slept together in your bed. I had a dream of myself floating above the bed staring at myself lying in the bed with you sitting up. You in the dream kissed me on the lips then touched me before pulling up my nightgown baring myself and then adjusting your pants baring yourself."
Eric stiffens hearing this as Niya continues "I saw you lie your form on top of my body and moving like you was mating with me. Then you stopped and moved you form off of me pulling at your pants and pulling my nightgown back before you moved my form to cuddle with me." 
He stares at Niya who adds "I didn’t mention it the next day because Merra warned me that you was still hurting from Brianna’s death and would react violently if I brought it up so I hasn’t mentioned it till Merra told me it was ok to say it to you now." 
Eric sits up feels the familiar feeling with his eyes sight going night vision as he stares at Niya who places a hand on his cheek. 
He lowers his head till it was itches from hers as she speaks "I'm sorry for not mentioning our son’s birth for I was aware that you was hurting from Brianna’s death and didn’t want to burden you with the knowledge." 
Eric kisses her and feels her kiss him as he raises his hand towards her bare hand which she abruptly let goes of his cheek and he stops kissing her to stare at her. He sees a pained look on Niya’s face as he grips her bare hand with his hand and stiffens as her other hand in glove touches his other cheek stroking with her fingers as he hears a choking sound come from her. He looks in her eyes which he sees has a look of affection in them and realizes that she loves him which he places her bare hand on his cheek and hears her gasp some sound which stops as he again lowers his head leaning his head on hers. Then with his other hand wraps it around Niya pulling her towards him in a hug as he feels her free hand touch him on the back with her arm around him. He shuts his eyes smiling a small smile as he feels pleasure arrive within him with the familiar feeling going away along with his eyes sight going back to normal. 
He thinks to himself "Niya is mine and she’ll forever be mine. I’ll enjoy having her in my life-" 

Eric is interrupted by Raisa snarling "'Eric!"
He exhaled a breath to sign towards Raisa "Raisa, I'm yours as you wish to do with what you want with."
He again got her snarling angrily "Eric Kossman Zesky!"
Eric gulped to her using his full name among the Humans in Terra who insisted on having such a name, involving middle names, and last names. He gulped again as Raisa gave him a glare of accusation.
Eric signed in response "Just let me tell the story any way I want."
He heard "Boo, Dada!"
Eric eyed Niyan who was again booing making him annoyed enough to fold his arms with a glare on his eyes glaring at his son. He heard Raisa's throat clearing noise resumed signing the story ignoring her glaring at him with accusation.

Eric in bed is staring at the ceiling and hears Niya come out of the bathroom wearing her night gown. He watches her put away her clothes then tosses him a bottle which he catches. 
Niya speaks "The bottle is additional medicine for my pain I hid in the shower stall. I want you to take a look at it and decide if it should be thrown out." 
Eric looks at bottle and the medicine which he sees are blue pills which he hears Merra grumble in his mind "You should toss out the medicine in the garbage chute because Niya won’t do it for she would rather keep it for whenever she is hurt mentally to take it as a way of facing the pain." 
He feels Merra leave his mind as he gets up from the bed and walks into the bathroom followed by Niya with a frown on her face who watches him toss the bottle into the garbage chute. He feels the strange feeling again and eye sight turning night vision which he walks out of the bathroom to stand folding his arms staring at the wall as Niya walks in his line of vision to stand in front of him. He lowers his arms to glare at Niya who puts her arms around his middle and her head on his shoulder. 
He hears Niya speak "I've been having mental pains from painful memories popping up in my mind that are tormenting me and wants you to help me face the pains their bringing to me." 
His eyes sight clears up and the strange feeling leaves him. 
He stands still as he hears Niya cut herself off to hear her gasp out in pain while crying out “No.” 
Repeatedly over and over then she abruptly releases her hold on him darting into the bathroom with him following her. 
He watches her kneel in front of the tub grabbing her head crying out words “Mama, Papa.” 
Over and over which he kneels behind Niya as she lies her form on the floor on her side with her arms covering her head curling in a ball while hearing her go silent. He reaches with his gloved hands and pulls her form off the floor that looks at him with a pained expression in her face which he adjusts his form till its in a sit leaning against the wall with his back to it and pulls Niya to lean against him on her side with his arms around her in a tight grip. 
He hears Niya cry out his name along with words “It hurts.” 
Saying the words repeatedly as he holds her with his arms around her, he senses Niya stop talking and becomes still. He feels her fallen asleep gently lifts her up and carries her out of the bathroom to the bed. He places her down on it and with a hand still on her gets in bed pulling the blankets up to her shoulder which he places her on her back with him on his side. He twists his form to shut off the lamp then puts an arm around Niya with his hand of his other arm rubbing her cheek gently. He moves his form till it is on top of Niya and places his hands on her sides and his head next to hers closing his eyes falling asleep while hearing her sigh out his name. Eric while asleep hears Niya gasping out in pain. He opens his eyes to raise himself a bit to see her face showing her eyes are open and she has a pained look in her face. He stares at her then moves off of her to watch her abruptly sit up gasping loudly. He watches as she raises a hand towards the edge of the bed and thrust it out meeting air. He stares at her as she gets up running from the bed banging into the window wall.
She turns around and says "I do not want my mind scanned! Stop scanning my mind!"
Eric sits up with confusion as she walks towards the bed gets on it which he places a hand on her arm which she blindly feels to yank off yelling words in a foreign language which she throws her fist hitting him in the stomach repeatedly. Eric gets a little angry pushes her away and gets up from the bed which he turns on the lamp to see Niya blink her eyes to stare at him with shock on her face. 
He signs “Talk, what’s going on?” 
Niya to his annoyance reaches over on the bed to the lamp turning it off. He stares at her with anger as she adjusts herself lying on the bed pulling the blankets to herself on her side of the bed. 
Eric thinks to himself "She does not trust me with her problems!"
He allows anger to take control which he turns on lamp and grabs Niya yanking her out of the bed pulling her staring at him to the bathroom which he pushes her inside and slams the door in her face. He walks to the lamp to hear the bathroom door open and shuts it off before grabbing her pillow and throws it hard at her which hits her in the face. Then he gets in bed on his side and sleeps with his back to her. He passes out unconscious to wake up discovering its morning and Niya is not in the bed. 
He gets up in an angry mood gets dressed walks out to face Jiang who says "The Mistress is sleeping in the other bedroom." 
He sees Niya come out who avert her eyes whenever he tries to sign "Niya." 
His mood gets foul when he sees Niya take her tray and eat food at the opposite end of the table he’s sitting at. He sees that Niya won’t look at him and once done with food gets his mask and yanks it on his head walking out of the apartment to the elevator.
He orders "I want to see Brianna." 
Elevator takes him to floor which he enters room yanking off mask handing it to guard and goes to Brianna’s coffin. 
He rants mentally while feeling his mind scanned while staring at Brianna "Niya is keeping things from me! Such as my son with her! She could have told me about that after awhile of me accepting her! Instead of having me remember it! Along with taking medicine for her pain instead of having me help her! She was doing the medicine taking secretly from me! She not is telling me the reason why she was acting out a nightmare!" 
He rants ranting "Niya doesn’t trust me and is keeping secrets from me! I hate that for she is my mate! Isn’t supposed to do that! Brianna trusted me! I trusted her! I feel that Niya isn’t doing this to me like I'm doing to her!"
He pauses then continues to rant "Niya is no longer my mate but Brianna is! Niya won’t trust me with her pains! Or tell me things I should be aware of! I will never trust Niya again until she proves herself trustworthy!" 

"Boo!" From Raisa interrupted his signing.
Eric ignored Raisa's Boo comment instead kept on signing his story, finding she quit her booing.

He stops ranting to wave a fisted hand and with his mood still foul leaves the room while feeling the scanner leaving his mind and goes to his quarters where he sees Niya sitting on the couch that won’t look at him. He yanks off mask and gives her a glare and goes into his bedroom to the dresser where Brianna’s necklace is in a box on top of it. He grabs the box as an image of Niya’s smiling face comes to his mind’s eye. 
He mentally snarls "Niya isn’t my mate anymore but Brianna is!" as a cold feeling arrives along with pain in his chest on the left side.
He let goes of box as the feeling and pain overwhelms him and he goes to wall next to the dresser to lean on it on his side. He feels his knees weak falls towards the ground as the feeling and pain is running through out him. He pants through his mouth as the strange feeling arrives followed by his eyes sight turning night vision and the pain in chest gets worse. Eric lies on his side as darkness arrive to his eyes sight and he closes his eyes surrendering to it. 

He comes to discover his uniform off of his form wearing his underwear with device attached to it and he is lying on top of Niya who he feels is wearing her nightgown while gasping out painfully. His pain and feelings are gone from him which he feels an angry feeling. He raises himself to stare at her with night vision to see a pained look on her face. He glares at her and feels her hands on his face blindly feeling him. He stiffens as she grips his ears tightly feeling them with her hands before putting her hands on his cheeks. 
He hears Niya gasp out "Eric is angry with me for keeping things from him. I'm afraid that his reaction to what I told him would be violent causing me harm in his anger once he learns what they are." 
Eric feels disgust hearing Niya’s words but with her hands on his cheeks kisses her on the lips a quick kiss and breaks it off to stare at her with a frown as she rubs his cheeks with her hands. He feels his hands at her sides have gloves on them which rub her sides with his hands gently-"

Eric was interrupted by another Boo comment from Niyan. He gave Raisa a glare of annoyance while halting his signing finding the sunlight is gone from the room. It was illuminated by night vision running through him. 

Eric wakes up wearing no mask and no breathing tube on while wearing the Sun Lord uniform and feels the rages running through him which clouds his eyes sight. He gets up feeling dirt floor and charges running forward and hits a wall which his fists pound repeatedly till his anger simmers and his eyes sight is still clouded. He uses his hands to explore the wall walking on his right till he hears a humming noise of electricity and feels something wrapped around his ankle like a chain that give off a zap of electricity which he feels with his gloved hands. He finds it’s like the chain trap he recalls around his ankle but has pricks of needles sticking in his ankle which he stands up to yank off a glove with attached sleeve to feel the thing with his bare hand. He feels the thing is like the chain trap wrapped around his ankle which he using his other hand grabs it and with great strength breaks off his ankle in pieces throwing them away. He hears no alarm sounds and still hears the humming sound is the same which he goes to a wall and feels with his bare hand towards the humming sound to feel metal bars which his hands feel is covering an entrance letting in air blowing at him. He puts his hands on middle of the bars to feel small amounts of zapping electricity that the electric volts rises as he grips the bars pulling at it. He feels pain in his bare hand removes it to go to the other side of the bars to feel the entrance then continues to explore the area he is trapped in. He finds he is in some tomb from feeling bones he recognizes from his hands and finds the room he was in with the Zeskaya when the Rakcar found him from recognizing with his hands the bed posts he saw in the room. He is confused about that feels sleepiness to lie on the bed on the dusty mattress with his back on it to close his eyes. 

He dreams of his eyes clear to find himself on a desert field where there is nothing but a mountain chain in his view far ahead of him. He looks to see something shiny and walks towards it to see it’s a round circular building that is thick at the bottom and thin at the top with lightening coming from it going into the sky and going back to it.
He hears a voice sounding male tones speaking "What Eric doing here? Jon saw Eric go through the gate by three others with Eric at the gate room." 
Eric forms confusion in his face as he turns around to see a male Humanian who has confusion in his face. 
He discovers he can talk speaks "I just woke up trapped in a tomb I was found in with a Mesan’s Curse by the Rakcar. My breathing device I uses to control my angry rages is off of me. It has blinded me hence I using my touch sense to discover where I am." 
He stares at the Humanian who jerks his head towards the building and frowns watching as lightening come from it hitting the Humanian on the head who doesn’t flinch from it hitting him. 
He stares at the Humanian who speaks with anger in his voice "The Rakcar have done their last good deed and are now Jon's enemy for they’ll pay for what they did-" 
Eric interrupts to ask "What are talking about?" 
The Humanian speaks "The Rakcar have created a living clone a copy of Eric the Sun Lord himself and purposely let the original Eric go through a gate. The Rakcar have the clone trapped in the tomb as a way of keeping him for further examinations whenever they feel the need to learn about him being a descendant of the Dictator who’s the father of Eric’s father Alexei." 
Eric is stunned to hear this as he widens his eyes of shock while staring at the Humanian. Eric in tomb on Rakcar has repeated dreams of himself in a coffin with a glass cover, dreams of himself punching his fist through the top part in order to get out of it. 
Humanian Jon interrupts his dreaming to tell him "The Rakcar will come to pick Eric up soon according to their files." 
Eric wakes up blindly goes to the entrance to sit leaning against the wall hears a roaring noise followed by a wind storm and hears the gate sound stop humming its noises followed by squealing noises. He feels hands touch his arms lifting him up and he is escorted out of the tomb blindly up a set of stairs through smooth floored areas to be forced to lie on a metal bed. He feels something injected into his stomach like a needle and kept into the area and hears Rakcar sounding like their angry judging by their tones as the needle is removed. He is lifted up escorted through smooth feeling floors while hearing door sliding open sounds till he is forced to a chair and finds himself back in the dry arid cracked field. Naked again surrounded by Humans with Shadonian eyes who grab him and bring him to a Rakcar wearing a robe and Shadonian eyes. Eric’s rages arrive within him and he throws off the hands while swiping his clawed hands then chases the blue figure to snap the figure’s neck and clawing it on the face. 
His eyes sight clears up to discover himself with Humanian who speaks "The Rakcar made a mistake with their files. The Rakcar accidentally let the clone go through the gate and left the original in the tomb according to their scanners." 
Eric is shocked but disgusted to hear that. 
He asks "How I’ll be able to return?" 
Humanian speaks "Jon has contacted Eric’s relative the Zeskaya called Leader thru dream telling him about Eric’s situation. The Rakcar discovered the mistake because the clone was made with a female offspring organ inside him to carry offspring after mating with a female a required number of times."
Eric is further disgusted to hear that as the Humanian adds "Jon has managed to disable the warship to ground it near the tomb forest area and has used the ship’s internal weapons to take out the Rakcar in it. Jon is in process of using the weapon to free the people the Rakcar used as batteries to control the warship and Eric." 
View goes black as Eric opens his eyes to find himself still sitting in a chair but his rages are still running through him blinding him and he feels hands poking him while hearing voices speaking in gibberish. 
He speaks in Basic "Do you speak in Basic?" 
The voices continued to speak in gibberish till they go silent when a loud voice speaking in gibberish interrupts them. He feels hands touch his arms pulling him up and feels hands touching his shoulders and he is pushed while hearing a familiar zapping noise of him traveling Zeskaya like. 
Till he feels his mind scanned and hears Jiang’s voice in his head speaking "Your majesty, wait while I go gets the breathing device to get you to medical bay for tests." 
Eric feels a hand touch his cheek which feels kid like. He pushes his face into the hand as another hand adult like touches his other cheek. He brings his hand to touch the adult cheek to push on his face due to feeling charges of pleasure like feelings running through him. Eric is given breathing device which clears up his eyes sight and he sees Niya and a child he recognizes as his little Eric who is similar sized to the ages he first met his two children Ricky and Cassie in Brianna’s presence. Eric goes to medical bay where Trevor there tests him thoroughly and he is found to be the Eric as the same as previous tests. Jiang insists to Eric to come with him to the coffin room which Eric agrees to go comes to the room where Jiang shows him two figures in a coffin which he is shocked to see is himself and a deformed corpse of a baby on his chest. 
Jiang spoke "The twin was discovered by the sounds he made despite wearing a breathing device that affected his vocal cords. The twin wound up expecting for three suns gave birth to the baby that died and the twin died from the birth. Autopsy by Trevor showed that the three day carrying and birth caused trauma to the twin’s heart organ which stopped the heart and later caused his brain to shut down killing him. The twin’s giving birth a male Rakcar according to autopsy by Trevor couldn’t tolerate the rushed growth inside the twin. Couldn’t properly develop inside the twin due to the rush and was born deformed. The air breathing it killed the baby due to not having the right organs to process the air along with the deformities it got from developing inside the twin-" 

"That's disgusting, Eric!" He was interrupted by Raisa forming disgust on her face.
He threw his hands up in response and folded his arms and didn't sign another word. He frowned as Niyan had another screaming fit held in place by Raisa keeping a strong grip onto his son. 
Eric exhaled a breath and found Niyan's screaming fit quit followed by the child babbling "Bad bugs, burn Terra!"
He ignored Niyan's screaming fit as Raisa got him to calm down quitting his screaming followed by focusing onto him. 
Eric got another pleading look from Raisa he recognized "Speak a story now."
He obeyed to speak a story as if remembering it via his mind.

Eric’s twin comes back to life smashes through the coffin cover comes out and gets rages which blinds him and feels pain in his eyes while feeling woozy hits the floor to fall unconscious. 

Twin comes to find himself on a dirt ground being patted on the cheek while still having blind eyes sight hears a voice telling him to wake up which he gets up and is pushed while hearing zapping sounds of being Zeskaya transported then hears exclamations of shock sounds which he recognizes as Zeskaya talk. 
He hears a voice speaking "The Eric is the twin the Rakcar created." 
He is a little put out to hear along with given the name Dick- 

"You're disgusting!" he heard from Raisa.
Eric rolled his eyes in response and focused onto Niyan. He saw Niyan gave up a big yawn while stretching his arms but remained lying onto the bed with his Mother.
He found himself yawning in response to Niyan's yawn as he heard it echoed by Raisa who spoke "Just tell something else now!"

Eric returns to coffin room to discover Twin is gone which he hears Merra say "Twin came out of coffin. I transported him to Kurpanov’s home where the gates are and informed Kossman of that. I observed a Zeskaya arriving and taking the twin through the gate. The Zeskaya was thinking of transporting the twin to Leader just to keep him out of Rakcaran hands." 
Eric orders to Jiang "Just get a breathing device to Twin via Kossman." 
He wound up while thinking of his son who he gets memories of himself Zeskaya transporting to the Builders’ home and meeting his son there while also getting memory of his son given to him while in Oceana and flaunting the son to the crowd in Oceana and its Emperor. He also as he goes to Brianna’s coffin while Jiang is walking away gets memory of the racial and island leaders including the Atlanta city crowd confronting him on his identity as Eric which he revealed himself and finds Niya did the same. Eric stares at Brianna with a frown feeling nothing towards her while feeling emptiness then leaves the coffin room going to his quarters where he meets Niya. Kossman he sees comes out of a doorway with a flash of light who takes off his mask with a sad look on his face. 
Eric sees the expression stares at Kossman who speaks "The Rakcar made double male biological copies of the Sun Lord and double female copies and a male copy with female organs in him." 
Eric stiffens to sign "Am I the original or not?" with Niya voicing his words.
Kossman he sees looks at him and speaks "The original was hooked up by the Rakcar to one of their machines as a live component battery."
Eric throws up his hands with a disgusted look on his face as Kossman keeps talking "The original hooked up according to contact by another component through Eric’s copy dubbed Dick is controlled by his rages and has made no secret of seeking to control the Rakcar’s planetary weapons to destroy them. He wound up admitting that he doesn’t want to be freed from being hooked up something that every manoid hooked up doesn’t always say." 
Eric frowns as he signs "Kossman, what is going on with Eric admitting to keeping himself hooked up?" 
Kossman speaks "It’s baffling that Eric has this attitude for every manoid hooked up has always pleaded to be freed from hook up along with complaining among other components about being hooked up and hating it. I got this from Dick talking to me." 
Kossman pauses as Niya asks "Can you take me to Eric?" 
Kossman groans out a sound then speaks "I doubt I can get you to Eric alive. Eric has live guards of another race that are seeing him as a deity leader. From him and them contacting each other and their attitude of seeing him like that. From him making no secret of wanting to remain hooked up." 
Eric catches Niya’s attention to sign with her voicing "Kossman, you should take us both to Eric where he can exchange himself with Eric-" 
Kossman interrupts speaking "The idea was considered but rejected after Dick told me that Eric disabled a Rakcaran warship. Crashed to the ground appearing to be his reaction to discovering that the Rakcar made copies of him and Leader sending one to Terrania. Dick has told me that Eric attitude towards that isn’t anger but is uncaring and he disabling the Rakcaran warship was Eric testing his control power." 
Kossman pauses then speaks "The Rakcar hooked Eric up without his breathing device and that Eric is controlled by his rages. It is making him want to destroy the Rakcar with his controlling their machinery and stay hooked up to do this." 
Niya to Eric’s shock blurts out "The Rakcar could have destroyed the original and hooked up a copy of Eric who’s attitude is reaction from Eric being destroyed and is angry about it. Hence he not wanting to come out till he destroys the Rakcar for that." 
Kossman he sees has a look of shocking horror on his face as he speaks "Niya’s words could explain the hooked up Eric’s attitude. I'm going to tell the other Zeskaya and Dick about Niya’s words-" 
Eric hears Jiang interrupt "I'm requesting Kossman to transport Niya and myself to Zeskaya. I sense that the copy Eric here has a connection to the original and can scan Dick’s mind for information on the original." 
Kossman he sees frowns then he hears Merra’s voice speaking "Jiang’s words about the copy Eric having a connection is true. I can senses it in the copy himself but his location is hindering his connection. If a copy was on the same planetary body as the original the copy should be able to see his mind." 
Eric signs "I want to come along-"
Niya wound up interrupting "You should stay!" when they hear little Eric crying loudly from his bedroom with door open. 
Niya to his frowning spoke "A child is dependant on you as a parent. You have to stay and comfort the people and the child." which Eric tries to protest signing. 
Niya continues "Terrania is dependant on you as their ruler and so is little Eric who has an attachment to you as his father." 
Eric exhales a breath hearing Niya’s words and hears a click sound as Niya, Jiang and Kossman disappear in a flash of light. He goes to the child’s bedroom to see little Eric standing in his crib crying tears which he picks up to hold while going to the lower bunk bed to sit holding the child who is still crying. 
He sits hugging little Eric with a frown on his face as he thinks to himself "I'm hoping that the original isn’t destroyed. I'm not sure I can take the original’s life pretending to be him. I felt nothing towards the original’s first mate Brianna lying in the coffin along with feeling dread towards Niya." 
He continues to hold little Eric who won’t stop crying but keeps wailing words he hears "I want Daddy!" which he frown hearing. 
He mentally spoke "Merra!"
He felt his mind scanned in response spoke "Merra, just scan little Eric’s mind to explain what’s going on with him speaking his words while still crying." 
He hears Merra speak "I agree to the scan." 
"What?!" Eric heard her exclaim "Little Eric isn’t fooled by his appearance acting as Eric. I sensed that the child has some mind ability that is tuned to his father. The sense activated the moment he touched the previous Eric who went through water poisoning while younger and after having the growth spurt the kid figured out what the sense was and is upset about it hence he crying for his father." 
Eric groans loudly surprising himself who he hears Merra speaking in his mind saying "You have the ability to talk using your voice. It’s the same with the previous Eric title holder. I suspect the Rakcaran made copies of Eric all have the ability to talk but still have the rage episodes hence they requiring to wear the breathing devices." 
Eric mentally speaks to Merra "I don’t think I can live pretending to be the original Eric from the dread feeling that is bothering me." 
He hears Merra speak "I understand your words. Niya, Jiang and Kossman are back." and he feels her leave his mind. 
He leaves the bedroom carrying a wailing little Eric to the living room to see Jiang and Niya walk out of Eric’s bedroom.
He speaks verbally in some weird accent over little Eric’s wailing "Little Eric isn’t fooled by me pretending to be his father. Merra told me that all the copies have the ability to talk. The kid has some mind ability sense tuned to his father hence his wailing." 
He sees an unreadable look on Niya’s face who stares at him with a look in her eyes that make him think is disgust. She takes little Eric still wailing from his arms to hold him in her arms who stops his noises but still cries silently as she carries him into the kid’s bedroom closing the door behind her. He sees that outside the sun light is slowly leaving as darkness is arriving and groans loudly. 
He heard Jiang speak "Merra told me something interesting. You should guess what it is." 
Eric looks at Jiang and speaks verbally "I'm not in the mood for guessing games and would rather be elsewhere than here in this place." 
He hears Jiang speak with sneering sarcasm "Merra scanned the talking Eric copy’s Kick and the previous Eric, Dick and discovered something interesting which Kick should guess what it is." 
Kick speaks "I’ll take the name Kick and will be referred as it. I'm not in the mood for guessing games and want to know what Merra found interesting." 
He frowns as Jiang speaks "The interesting thing she found shows that Dick and Kick’s minds is identical to a Rakcar’s mind from scanning the Rakcar when they visited Terrania with Eric’s thought process in the minds." 
Jiang pauses as Kick frowns as Jiang continues talking saying "Merra has told me the copies have Rakcaran minds with Eric’s thought process in them providing that their actually Rakcaran versions of Eric despite looking like him." 
Kick groans feeling a little sick in his stomach as he speaks out loud "It explains why little Eric isn’t fooled by me holding him for the kid according to Merra has some mind sense tuned to Eric-" 
Jiang interrupts to speak "I have scanned little Eric’s mind and discovered with Merra’s help that the kid has some kind of mind walking ability. The child once old enough figured out how to use it and has used it on Kick. The kid is upset discovering the Rakcaran mind in his father and has figured out that Kick isn’t his father hence his repeated wailing when held by Kick himself." 
Kick frowns feeling the dread feeling arrive within him again asks question "Why Dick was able to fool little Eric from remembering the kid being attached to him as his father?" 
He hears Jiang speak "Little Eric was too young to understand that Eric was actually Dick till he had the growth spurt. Raised his mind walking ability level up to cause him to figure out the deception. He pointed out about Dick by alerting Jiang and Merra of it. They didn’t get his message till they both scanned the minds of Kick and little Eric and figured out what the kid was trying to tell them." 
Kick groans loudly to rub a hand on his face then removes his hand to stare at it with a frown.
He hears Jiang continue speaking still using the sneering sarcasm voice tone "Kick will have to pretend to be Eric till Eric actually returns. He won’t be very happy learning what the Rakcar did to him and will be very angry-" 
Kick interrupts to speak "I plan to be gone from Terrania once Eric is returned unseen."
Jiang burst out laughing sneering "Kick doesn’t have any way of getting off Terrania without people’s help and is stuck having to face Eric’s wrath as living proof on what the Rakcar did to him along with proof of what Dick is else where." 
Kick groans as he gets a memory of himself visiting the coffin room and seeing Dick’s dead baby lying in a smashed coffin on his second visit to there. 
He speaks trying to keep the pleading out of his voice "Why Jiang thinks Eric will react angrily when he discovers the copies of himself-" 
Jiang interrupts "A Rakcaran warship visit Terrania threatening harm to the planet and one of the Rakcar tried to threaten Eric harm which he defended himself." 
Kick feels nothing coming to his mind about that as Jiang continues speaking "The Rakcar on the warship kidnapped Eric’s mate Niya and Eric to their warship hooking him up to it. The internal defense systems killed off the Rakcar and the dead Rakcar’s warship retaliated against Eric for their deaths. It was seen floating near the balcony where the Sun Lord made an appearance and fired its weapons at Eric who was saved by Merra and he reacted angrily." 
Kick frowns as Jiang adds "I scanned Eric’s mind while Eric was out unconscious. Discover his mind shows that Eric unknowingly has taken a vendetta against the Rakcar. Suspects that his reaction to the copy versions of himself made by the Rakcar will be furious anger." 
Kick feels himself tired speaks "I'm tired. I'm going to take the couch to sleep on for I don’t want to sleep on Eric’s bed period." 
He sees Jiang nod his head as he goes to the couch and lies on it shutting his eyes falling asleep.

Eric paused from signing to frowned eyeing Niyan that again gave up another yawn but this time wasn't inclined to sleep. He inhaled a breath and noticed Raisa's familiar expression on her face. He wound up signing his story in response to her facial expression. This time signing about something else he recalled was an earlier memory of him as newly into the title as Sun Lord.

After Eric and Niya eat their food, Jiang spoke "I request His Majesty to come with me." and get handed his mask.
Eric grabs Niya’s mask and hands it to her despite Jiang giving of an Ahem sound. 
He with Jiang scanning him mentally speaks "Niya has to go where I goes as Sun Lord for she’s my mate." 
Jiang voice the words and says "I get it, your majesty." 
Niya, Eric hears voices "I agree with you on that." 
Eric sees Niya put on mask which he and her follows Jiang out of quarters to elevator that goes down. They go out to a hallway with double doors in the wall on his left which reveals to be a cafeteria room where Highlanders are sitting around eating food. they pause to stand up as they enter the room. Jiang he sees cocks his head as eight Highlanders in uniform from parts of the room walk forward to stand in a row on his left side. Eric is introduced to the eight Highlanders, four males and four females which he recognizes as the ones from the Rakcar ship. He hears a loud crash sound from his right to see two Highlanders on the floor which he sees Jiang shot his head towards the eight Highlanders with widen eyes then nods his head. 
He looks at Jiang who speaks with voice "The two Highlanders on the floor are the two who drugged his majesty and the Mistress with the help of two others already found and arrested." 
Eric watches as the two Highlanders are cuffed and carried out of the room unconscious. Eric and group leave to hallway when Jiang and guards are knocked out while hearing whooshing sounds. 
A Zeskaya appears in front of Eric with sword pointed at him as another Zeskaya appears thrusting sword at the first Zeskaya’s neck while saying “What are you doing?” in Leader’s voice. 
The first Zeskaya withdraws sword by saying “Father.” 
Leader explains to Eric "My offspring's mother, my mate was Sun Lord before giving the crown to my brother. I’ll attend to my son’s punishment." 
Leader, Eric watches grabs his son’s arm and fades to outline as his son does the same. Both outlines walk pass him as he sees another outline of a Zeskaya at the end of the hallway standing with arms folded. Eric and Niya with awaken Highlanders return to his quarters. Eric bares his hand as he and Niya sit on the couch cuddling with each other and kissing as night arrives. They go to the bedroom. Eric in his bedroom changes to pajama pants as Niya is in the bathroom. 
Merra mind talks to Eric "The Zeskaya is talking to Niya in the bathroom about the Zeskaya’s behavior towards you. The conversation is that the Zeskaya had a Sun Lord nicknamed Dictator who ruled them like a Dictator with the help of Rakcar. The Zeskaya rebelled and won the fight against the Rakcar and Dictator. Dictator’s face was seen and before he was executed said that death won’t keep him from returning. Dictator’s Zeskaya appearance according to the Zeskaya is twin to you and does not have the racial characteristics you have. I have to stops the talk involving mind scanning them. The Zeskaya in the bathroom is showing Niya something by holding her hand. I can’t scan or they’ll know about it." 
Merra leaves his mind as Eric goes to bed after that Niya goes to bed and they sleep.
 In the morning after dressed Eric signed "Niya, Merra wound up telling me the Zeskaya’s talk to me. She didn't tell me what was said between you both when the Zeskaya gave permission to mind scan you something." 
Niya says "We should live separately. I insist on it." 
Eric gets annoyed but leaves the bedroom to the table to eat and is confused when he sees Niya take her tray and goes to the opposite end of the table to eat. He found Niya kept on avoiding him all day and avoided touching him, including balking his attempts to touch her in some mating like way involving kissing on the lips or touching hands. 

At night Eric in bedroom sees Niya take her nightgown and enters bathroom door with a light show. He is confused till a memory of Kurt doing the same arrives to his mind and he goes to the bathroom door to see the light is off. 
Eric freaks out gets upset and hears Merra speaking "I forgot to tell you that the Zeskaya after showing Niya something told her to stay away from you. It is what Niya is doing." 
Eric is upset goes to the bed wearing his Sun Lord uniform lies down on it and grabs Niya’s pillow which he clutches and cries. Sleep won’t come to him so he spends the night staring at the wall and is still doing it till Jiang comes in the room to break him out of his reverie. Eric is brought out to the dining table which he ignores his food staring at the wall. He barely acknowledges Jiang waving a hand in front of his eyes. He is forced to eat when Jiang brings a fork full of food to his mouth touching the area which he eats then all he does is sit in the dining chair staring at the wall upset. 
This continues till night when Jiang mentally "Your majesty, go to your bedroom and gets some sleep." 
Eric gets up and goes to his bedroom and lies on the bed clutching Niya’s pillow which he won’t sleep and again in the morning Jiang comes to bedroom to bring him out of it. He is given food which he is forced to eat. After that handed mask which Jiang insists he wear and comes with the highlander out of the hallway to another part of the hallway where he sees Niya in Mistress uniform and mask standing in front of a Highlander talking to her with an outline of a Zeskaya standing besides her. He is restrained by Highlanders who make him wait till the Highlander finishes talking to Niya who walks towards him and he is freed from being restrained and walks towards Niya which he fells to kneel with arms open. Niya goes to his arms which his hands touching her sides he gets up to stand and wraps his arms around her tightly as she does the same. Eric found Niya doesn't protest to him cuddling her while in their quarters including kissing her on the lips. She, he sensed seemed accepting of his touchy feelings onto her.
Eric keeps it up till Jiang blares loudly "Your majesty, its time for bed."
He obeyed to get up going into the bedroom despite the window blaring nothing but falling whiteness. Eric exchanged his clothes for pajamas pants. Eric standing watches as Niya comes out of the bathroom puts away her clothes and gets in the bed turning off the light. He gets in bed and pulls her towards him who doesn’t resist to his wrapping his arms around her and he sleeps. 

Eric has dream of a Zeskaya’s eye sight point of view seeing the room from his dream and sees a Zeskaya arrive in the room from gate with double doors. 
Zeskayas appear which the new Zeskaya says "I told Niya about the Dictator and told her to leave Eric. I saw Eric’s reaction to the leaving describes as not sleeping staring at the walls and being forced to eat. The mind walkers or Highlanders as they call their species, insists to Niya that she return to him because of Eric’s reaction. I wound up seeing Eric restrained by the Highlanders when he saw Niya and kneeling as she walked towards him who he got up to grip her in a tight hug." 
A new voice speaks which got the Zeskayas and eye point of view to look seeing sitting at the table is the seer that spoke "Dictator has a weakness, his mate, his female.” 
Eric hears Leader’s voice and sees Zeskayas looking at eye point of view "Seer is implying that if Eric turns out to be anything like the Dictator his female will pay the price." 
Zeskayas murmur their agreements. Blackness arrives and clears up for Eric finds himself in the room alone while wearing his pajama pants with his gloves on. He sees a figure wearing the Sun Lord outfit appears from a hidden state meters away. Eric watches as the figure removes mask to see his face which he realizes is the Zeskaya’s executed Sun Lord nicknamed Dictator. Dictator he watches has an angry look in his face and takes a step forward as Eric feels a stomachache and sees Claws appear standing in front of him with back to him blocking Dictator’s way. Claws moves blocking Dictator’s way who tries whooshing trick and disappearing trick with Claws blocking his way each time. Double doors in wall on Eric’s left open showing a gate with whiteness surrounding it. Claws, Eric sees points to gate with a finger gesturing with his head towards Dictator who puts on mask and walks to gate walking thru it. Eric sees Claws turn around to face him and again feels stomachache as Kurpanov appears blocking Claws’ way pointing finger at the gate. Claws he sees uses two fingers to point to his eyes and then points a finger towards him which Kurpanov nods his head lowering his pointing finger arm. Claws turns and walks towards the gate walking thru it and the doors close as Kurpanov turns around and walks towards Eric who he again feels stomachache as Kurpanov disappears mid walk towards him. Blackness arrive and Eric finds himself back in bed feeling gloved hand stroking his cheek which he wakes up to see Niya wearing Mistress outfit standing next to him. 
She spoke "I was letting you sleep till late morning." 
He gets up signs "Bathroom." and darts into the bathroom. 
Then he comes out and changes clothes to Sun Lord outfit then leaves bedroom with Niya to dining table. 
Eric eats ravenously and once finish hears Jiang’s voice speaking "Its time for a medical exam in the medical room where Trevor is waiting." 
Eric given mask puts on as Niya puts hers on. He goes to medical room which he sees outline of Zeskaya standing with arms folded as Trevor after scanning him. 
"Your majesty, remove your sleeve for a blood test." as spoken by Trevor, which Eric does.
Trevor added after a check via scanner on the console "The result of the test is detecting poison from a snake gonoid in the Sun Lord's system. I have to give him the antidote for the poison by needle injection." 
Eric admits mentally through Jiang "I while in Drainer hands was in cell choked by snake gonoid. I killed off and saw another snake gonoid. I choked to death and as a result of hunger ate the body leaving the head intact along with eating it till there was nothing but bones." 
Trevor spoke in responses "You’ll be fine once your body gets rid of the poison by throwing up, expelling it through the mouth."
Eric feels sick at the moment and is handed a bucket which he throws up black liquid into the bucket. He feels Niya’s hand on his shoulder as he throws up several times throwing up black liquid filling up the bucket. 
Once done Trevor takes bucket away and tells Eric "You're to rest by getting some sleep and eating food." 
Eric feeling better looks at Jiang and mentally says "I want to see Brianna and want Niya with me before I go for a rest." 
Jiang voices what Eric wants which Trevor says "It’s fine with me as long as his majesty gets rest and food." 
Eric with Niya and four Highlanders and a hidden Zeskaya go to room where Brianna is. 
Reaching Brianna, Eric signs to Niya "I lost a female, my mate to death. I refused to lose another female, my mate for any reason or anything." 
Niya spoke "I get your words." as she hugs him with his arms around her. 
He and Niya and entourage leave to their quarters which he and Niya take off masks leaving them on the table and go to bedroom and takes off jacket to bare his hands. He places hands on Niya’s face and kisses her while feeling her kissing him back. Eric breaks off kiss to wrap arms around Niya in a hug while rubbing his chin on her head as she hugs him back. 
He feels very tired and releases his hold on Niya and he signs "I want to sleep."
Niya talks "It’s fine with me." 
He removes clothes with her helping him and he puts on pajama pants and gets in bed whiles she gets dining chair and sits in it holding his hand as he falls asleep. 

Eric’s dreamed of him on the land deck with Brianna standing in front of him rubbing his cheeks who turn to look at his left which he sees Dictator standing in front of Niya rubbing her cheeks. Then Brianna and Dictator take his and Niya’s hands pulling them both towards each other till palms are touching. He sees out of the corners of his eyes Brianna and Dictator walked towards each other to hug each other then with arms around each other walk off the land deck fading from eyes sight. Eric turns his attention to Niya which he and her kiss on the lips then he finds himself back in bed asleep. 

Sometime during his sleep he senses Niya get in bed wearing her nightgown and feels her head on his chest with her hand resting on his chest which he wraps his arms around her and keeps on sleeping. 

Eric dreams he is in hallway with open doorways on both sides. Kurpanov comes out of an open doorway walks around him placing hands on his shoulders and guides him to a door that is closed with a letter Z on it. Eric guided by Kurpanov opens the door and Eric back in bed gets a headache grimacing of pain. He continues to sleep as a dream spills in his head which gets him a little angry. The dream is of himself walking in the desert entering a cave to see it has walls with writing on it and a stone boulder drops from behind partly blocking the entrance but letting in air. Eric in the scene can’t get out because of the boulder is too strong and he explores cave he discovers is a tomb with a corridor leading to a large room with a sarcophagus. Corridor has five doorways on both sides. He discovers things in the rooms along with bones of dead in them. Eric can’t get out of the tomb starts to starve to death and loses his animal skin clothes which falls apart. He sees himself falling asleep and waking up several times till a light flashes in the corridor which he goes to see and finds a machine on the floor with a wire attached leading to the air opening above the boulder. He picks up machine to exam it and falls asleep holding it only to wake up when the boulder shatters in pieces. He walks out of the tomb to see a forest area with trees and grasses around while holding the machine. 
He is met by figures his mind says “Rakcar.” who give him food which he ravenously eats after dropping machine onto ground. 
Rakcar he heard call him "Pharaoh." 
He mentally heard himself say "The name is Dictator and I'm calling myself that instead of my actual name of Jason."
Eric figured out thinking to himself "Its how the Rakcar roped Dictator into ruling them from the dream hitting me." 

In the morning Eric’s mood is calm as he and Niya get out of bed and get dressed going to the living room to eat. Once finished with the food Eric senses light show from his open bedroom doorway gets up to stand facing a masked Zeskaya with a glare on his face. 
The Zeskaya talks to him in Leader’s voice "There was a Sun Lord who Zeskaya nicknamed Dictator that ruled dictatorial like with the help of Rakcar on a planetary world that is now the Rakcar’s home world. The Zeskaya rebelled and won the battle overthrowing Dictator and the Rakcar. 
Dictator’s face was seen along with him speaking words 'Death won’t keep me from returning.' before his execution." 
Leader continued "Dictator’s face is the same as Eric’s which the Zeskaya are nervous about how he will rule them as their Sun Lord." 
Eric senses Niya at the moment walks till she is in front of him hands on his chest head touching his chin which Leader stops talking as Eric’s glare goes away as a shocked expression arrives which he places his hands on Niya’s back which he rubs. He holds up a fist with arm straight which Leader places his fist touching his knuckle to knuckle then Leader turns around and leaves walking through the open bedroom doorway with a light show. 
Eric hears Jiang speak "Spies outside the headquarters observed a crowd have gathered below the balcony some seen kneeling with hands clasped in front of them. I think they want to see the Sun Lord and The Mistress hence they gathered there for the Sun Lord always makes an appearance on the balcony from time to time."
Eric releases his hold on Niya who looks at him with affection in her eyes while rubbing a hand on his cheek then they separate going to Highlanders holding their masks which they put on. Eric holds Niya’s hand as they go out of the apartment to the elevator that takes them to the balcony floor which they arrive to stand on the balcony which the crowd outside seeing them reacts with cheering and hand clapping noises. Eric takes Niya’s hand and puts it on his chest then continues to grip it there as the crowd continues their noises. 
Eric thinks to himself "The Rakcar will not destroy Terrania. Not as long as I rule as Terrania’s ruler." 
Eric and Niya stay on the balcony for a long time with the cheering crowd down below as the sun gets really low in the sky and they leave to the apartment going the same route there. Reaching inside the apartment Eric and Niya take off masks which he takes off part of his jacket baring his hand to gently rub her face before kissing her with hand on her face while he feels jolts of pleasure. Eric and Niya go in their bedroom as night time arrives with Niya going in the bathroom as he changes out of the clothes. 
Merra contacts him speaking "You won’t feel any pain from mating with Niya and will enjoy yourself." 
Eric convinced by Merra’s talk stands in the buff facing the bed as Niya comes out wearing her nightgown. He watches as she hesitates to put away her clothes while staring at him. 
He signs “Please.”
Niya, he watches puts away her clothes and yanks off the nightgown then gets in the bed turning off the light plunging the room in the darkness. Eric gets in bed and starts to kiss Niya and her upper body and in the middle of this jerks from a feeling of intense pleasure as he feels Niya’s hand gripping his sensitive part which she guides him till he’s on top of her with her legs parted at the sides. Eric mates with Niya while feeling intense feelings of pleasure running throughout him. He stays inside Niya after spilling himself inside her in a still position as he senses her in a still position with his eyes closed. 
Eric thought to himself "I am Sun Lord, ruler of the Zeskaya and the planetary world Terrania."
He opens his eyes to see Niya’s open eyes unseeingly not staring at him due to the darkness that have affection in them. He gently kisses her on the lips before pulling out of her to lay on his side with Niya moving to lay on her side in the missionary position and both have arms around each other. 
Eric senses Niya asleep which he thought again "I won’t let anything happen to Niya. She’s my reason for leading the Zeskaya." 
Eric closes his eyes and dreams through Leader’s point of view eyes sight in the familiar room with other Zeskayas.
He wound up listening to the Seer sitting at the table speaking "Who is being best to lead Zeskaya in their battle against the Rakcar? Is the leader to lead be the one who had Rakcar serving him? What reason Dictator would have to lead the Zeskaya in their fight?"
Leader answered speaking "Eric himself. The fact that he looks like the Dictator and that he has Niya as his female, his mate as a reason for leading the Zeskaya. I demand that Zeskaya must protect her and Eric at all costs!" 
Zeskayas in the room mutter their agreements then blackness arrives as Eric again finds himself in the room alone wearing his Sun Lord uniform without mask. Eric wound up to see a Zeskaya wearing Sun Lord clothes appear taking off mask. He sees his face staring at him with a shocked expression on the face then the Zeskaya’s look changes to determination as he puts on mask back on and walks towards Eric fading to hidden state. He feels a stomachache and blackness arrives which he comes to lying in bed still cuddling Niya. Eric felt himself happy to have Niya as his but felt a feeling of dread hitting him-

Eric cut himself off from signing to frown while staring at Niyan who again yawn loudly, making him and Raisa yawn in response. 
He caught Raisa's familiar look on her face indicating "Keep telling the story, Eric." 
Eric obeyed to sign the story finding Niyan kept on yawning multiple times during his story telling.

Eric notices Niya is in a bad mood as she enters bathroom. He changes into pajama pants and gloves then waits till she comes out of bathroom putting away clothes then hugs her. She in a bad mood yells at him to let go. He hears her speak in a foreign tone telling him to let go which he refuses and looks at her in the eyes to see that her eyes are glowing golden colored and hears her chanting some words in foreign language. Eric finds himself immune to this kisses her on the mouth with his eyes open which her hand in a fist touches his cheek. He sees her eyes close along with feeling the tension leave her and her fisted hands on him unclench to palms resting on him as she kisses him back. Eric breaks off kiss to see her look at him with brown eyes. 
He signed "Never going to bed angry. If there’s a problem between the two of us, we should discus it with words and work it out before going to sleep." 
Eric hears Niya sigh loudly as he leads her to the bed and gets her in it then he gets in bed to hold her with his arms around her before falling asleep. 

Eric while asleep dreams of Leader’s point of view eyesight entering the bedroom to see himself lying on the bed with blankets off while wearing his pajama pants and gloves while lying with eyes closed. Niya he sees is sitting on the bed in her mistress outfit chanting some foreign language as she turns her head towards Leader to show her eyes golden. Eric hears Leader chanting in identical voice tone in foreign language which he walks towards himself lying on the bed to link his right hand to Niya’s left hand which they place on his forehead. 

The scene changes to show himself on the land deck with a large plant behind him with fronds holding on his upper arms with a look on his face as he is staring at Leader’s eyes sight point of view. He hears Leader speak words he already told him while placing hand on his shoulder along with Niya appearing on his other side to place hand on him while staring at him with concern in her face. Eric sees himself close his eyes and fade from view as the scene goes black. 

Eric wakes up and its morning which he wakes up Niya and they kiss then gets up to change clothes and eat food in the living room. 
Alarm sounds as Jiang spoke yelling "There’s an intruder that has breached the defenses in the building!" 
Eric gets up to grab masks which he puts his on as he hands Niya her mask which she puts on. Soon the door opens and Eric sees a male Human with golden eyes walk into the room while chanting some foreign language as Highlanders and Kossman fall to the floor. Niya walks in front of Eric with hand out which Eric sees the Builder react closing his eyes and cutting himself with head up. The Builder opens eyes to speak words. Eric hears Niya’s voice speaking words as he sees light show come from his right to see a Zeskaya arrive, speaks in Leader’s voice words. 
The Builder speaks "You a Mesan's Curse is one of the Builders, a part of our species." 
Leader spoke in response "The Sun Lord is my brother’s son-"

Eric cut his signing to form disgust on his face he recalling that Leader wound up hooked up to the Rakcar's planetary machines causing destruction to the Rakcaran species in the process. He rubbed a hand onto his forehead recalling with disgust that Leader was freed from the hook up but a twin of Eric himself was put in his place, despite resistance done. The twin was Kick himself who was hooked up without his breathing device. He heard Raisa clearing his throat as he rubbed his forehead and his eyes with his gloved hands. Eric ignored Raisa's throat clearing noises to exhale a breath. 
He removed his hand feeling upset from being told by Leader on a visit to Terra "Your Father is disappeared which is our speak for dead. I'm not sure of what's going on with him body wise but I heard his brain organ was hooked up into a machine dubbed Timer. Not sure what's going on but I'll tell you more when possible."
Eric exhaled another breath recalling further that since Edenia and Humania's breakaway, Leader hadn't returned to Terra for another visit. 
The Meritanians have claimed to him via a chat while he was in Americania aka Canada "The Zeskaya has appeared to evolved into something else mind wise including some sucking ability to feed off manoids involving a hand onto the chest and sucking them to old age. Sorry can't help you on the Zeskaya for communications. Their controlled by instincts now like a gonoid as guided by the planet herself acting sentient to cause executions to manoids who harm her. I suspect this is on other planets at the moment but can't be sure."
Eric heard "Eric Kossman Zesky!" from Raisa.
He focused onto her to get her giving him a glare which he saw Niyan was again yawning but appeared to be fighting the urge to sleep. Eric wound up signing in response seeing Niyan still yawning and shaking his head of sleepiness.

Jiang spoke "Your majesty, Americania’s president has traditionally given a speech in a stadium arena at a certain hour after the sun goes down. It might be good for your majesty and the Mistress to show up attending the speech. the President will be speaking in Americanian the land’s native language. I will tell your majesty, the subject contents and will help your majesty's body language to appear to be reacting to the speech." 
Eric mentally spoke "Who the president is?" 
He is told by talk "It’s a Human female named Lia Victorian-Kossman." 
He mentions to Jiang "Kossman is my family name. 
Jiang spoke in response "It’s the name of Lia’s mate a Human male with usual hair color of the sunset." 
Eric asks "Is the male is aware of me being Sun Lord?" 
Jiang said "The Human called Andrew doesn’t have the mind detecting ability so he doesn’t know about your majesty but he is a descendant." 
Eric and Niya go to the couch to sit which she pulls on his glove and sleeve taking it off baring his hand and places it on her cheek while sighing. He leans forward kissing her and they make out only to break the session. 
Eric hears Jiang’s voice saying "You both have to put on the masks because the nannies need to bring the babies out of their bedroom to the medical room for examination." 
Eric puts on sleeve and glove then mask as Niya puts on mask. He watches as two female Highlanders leave the children’s bedroom each carrying a baby and watches as they leave the apartment then he and Niya still wearing masks cuddle with an arm around each other both lost in thought. Sun gets lower as nannies return with babies entering bedroom closing the door behind them. Eric is staring at the wall with his arm around Niya lost in thought.
His reverie is broken by Jiang saying "Its best to be going now." 
He and Niya get up and follow Jiang to the vehicle which flies in the air and lands near a large circular building that is huge as the sun goes halfway down. They enter a doorway walking underneath lights shining. Eric pauses to see two Humans with people wearing tan uniforms standing near a large doorway the male with red orange hair with his face holding a bundle a baby in his arm as the female with black hair looking at the bundle. Eric and Niya with escorts reach the two which look up with some shocked expression on their faces. 
Jiang introduces "The female is the President of Americania Lia Victorian Kossman and her mate Andrew Kossman." 
Eric listens as Lia introduces "This is my son Drew, a Human recently born. I'm surprised that the Sun Lord is out and about due to recently fathering twins. I thought he wouldn’t want to leave alone for awhile." 
Eric looks at Jiang while mentally speaking "I felt like I needed to go out and take a break from the twins who are doing very well." 
Eric sees an Akylah arrives from walking in entrance that does double take look when sees Sun Lord and escorts. 
The Akylah speaks in foreign language which Jiang mentally tells Eric "The Akylah is telling the President that its time for her to enter the stadium." 
Eric with Niya and escorts follow the President with her escorts surrounding her into the stadium that people cheer then gasp very loudly. The group reaches the dais where a golden chair is sitting Eric sees an outline of a Zeskaya standing there watching. Group stands together in front of the dais as Eric watches as the President goes to microphone in front of dais which Jiang standing at his right side staring at him mentally mentions what’s she’s saying in foreign language. 
He mentions "She’s introducing her son Drew Kossman a Human recently born." which audience clap. 
Jiang spoke "You're to do the same clapping too." which Eric does that along with Niya standing besides him arm wrapped around his arm. 
Jiang mentally tells Eric the contents of the President’s speech along with instructions on reacting to the words. 
Jiang mentions "Her Excellency is talking about the Rakcar coming from the sky, attacking the Sun Lord and bringing him to their ship." which Eric at the moment feels anger and fists his hands raising them up a bit. 
Niya whose arm is wrapped around his arm rubs his arm with her other hand. Eric sees Lia look at him speaking foreign language.
Jiang translates "She's asking if you wanted to say anything." 
Eric mentally says "Yes." which Jiang repeats in foreign language as he walks to the microphone then turns around to scan him. 
Eric mentally speaks with Jiang speaking in foreign language "After I was taken to the Rakcar ship, I learned things about them that have me angry. The things are Terrania is not the only planetary world and that there are other planetary worlds with other species or races living in them. Rakcar using their off planet technology have been going to worlds and causing planetary destruction and have made enemies some hidden from doing this." 
The Zeskaya outline he sees walks in his line of sight as Eric looks away to stare at the outline which appears and the male form takes off mask. 
Eric recognizes as Leader who speaks in Basic with Jiang speaking his words in foreign language "My species is called Zeskaya. We have declared the Rakcar an enemy cause of their planetary destructions to other worlds killing species too numerous to count. The Zeskaya and another hidden species have been working in secret helping other races fight the Rakcar. My species can travel to other worlds through doorways. Have been in contact with others of his kind and other hidden species living on other worlds working with helping other races recover from planetary destruction caused by the Rakcar. The Rakcar who arrive at planetary worlds and cause destruction killing species to numerous to count then after that they leave the planet. The survivors are left alive to clean up the mess left by the Rakcar. The Zeskaya and other hidden species help them survive to fix the mess the Rakcar left them to clean up." 
Leader finishes his speech, crowd chants “Ay Kabaiya.” which Eric sees Leader have a bewildered expression on his face before putting on mask. 
Eric and others leave stadium to car vehicle with Leader. 
Eric mentally asks Jiang "What's with the saying 'Ay Kabaiya' chant and be sure to voice the answer, Jiang." 
Jiang says "The chant is a battle cry before doing war. It’s not just Americanians who say it but all of Terrania who says it. Terranians agreed that the saying originated in the city of Atlanta along with Americania’s name and the Americanian language." 
Group arrives at headquarters, Eric goes to quarters which he sees Leader enter doorway disappearing in a light show. 

Eric in bed has a dream of Leader’s eye sight point of view of him telling Zeskayas "Dictator’s body disappearing through a doorway as he was being carried. 
Merra talked to me and explained 'Dictator was found in the forests near a gate nearby the city of Atlanta by a Human named Yevgeny Visser who is dead. Dictator was given the name Jason along with medicines to temporary keeps him alive. 
Jason taught the Terranians the saying “Ay Kabaiya” as a battle cry before doing war along with the Zeskaya’s native language which is spoken as Americanian.'"

Blackness arrives which Eric finds himself back in bed with Niya’s head on his chest and he keeps himself asleep. 

In the morning Eric is told by Jiang "The Guardian tower is flashing an image of Sun Lord which is a request for your majesty to come to the Guardian." 
Eric and others go to Guardian tower where hooded robed Highlander comes out. 
Jiang said "Your majesty has to go in alone." 
Eric goes inside following the Highlander who shows laying on a slab two Humans Yevgeny and Mahalia Visser both dead and explains detailing who they are. 
"Yevgeny was the leader of the Humans who fathered twins by Mahalia who died soon after children were born. Yevgeny was killed by Hades attacking his helicopter vehicle that drowned in the sea as said by Pavel Palin the Oceana Emperor at the time who survived the attack." as spoken by Highlander via mind.
Highlander reveals another slab next to them showing Jason lying there dead wearing Sun Lord clothing no mask on face with sword out with eyes closed. 
Highlander tells Eric "Jason’s role involving the city of Atlanta which was attacked by the Shadonia, resulted into the founding of Americania, including Jason nearly sacrificing his life for saving Yevgeny’s near grown daughter Georgina a Human from the Shadonia during battle. Jason’s wounds proved fatal which later killed him and Yevgeny with the Guardian flashing his image had he placed here." 
Highlander added "You can leave now. The Guardian says 'Visit is done.'"
Eric leaves to vehicle that takes him to headquarters. He and Niya go to balcony where cheering crowd is silenced by the appearance of a Rakcar ship floating overhead. The ship fires weapons that hit Eric throwing him far backwards into the hallway. Eric blinks eyes to find himself lying on the ground besides a standing Niya as there is explosions of fire behind him. Niya he sees throws herself on him along with Jiang and Highlanders. Group gets off Eric and helps him stand which he seeing the Rakcar ship is gone waves a fisted hand towards the sky as he is escorted into the hallway that is covered with soot into the elevator. Eric brought to medical room to bed to lie on and he passes out. 
Dream through Leader’s eyes a Zeskaya with Kossman’s voice mentioning "Here's what happened to Eric as said by Seer. A Rakcaran warship was seen in the air in front of Eric on the balcony. It was seen firing at Eric with a mine bomb which Merra had to transport him away from the mine bomb as it exploded. The ship according to her is currently orbiting the planet while broadcasting a signal." 
Seer’s voice is heard saying "There two futures, one which the Zeskaya blab about Terrania to their allies and other races. Their ships will arrive to Terrania before the Rakcar’s ships arrive. Or be silent which the Rakcar will arrive and destroy the planet with their technology." 
Seer speaks words “Your choice, but chose wisely.” 
Kossman talks "I'm going back to Terrania where I’ll stay with Eric and act as his contact with the Zeskaya here." 
Leader grabs Kossman before he can leave which Leader orders "Zeskayas you're to blab about Terrania to other races and other worlds. The Rakcar won’t touch this planet unless it’s for peace and not for war." 
Leader lets go of Kossman and he and Kossman together walk through the gate as darkness arrives blocking out the view of him. 

Eric wakes up to find himself wearing a hospital dress with gloves and mask on him while lying in a bed with beeping machinery at the foot. 
Jiang he sees standing nearby scans him and speaks "The Rakcaran ship was seen flying in the air after it fired weapons at your majesty. I didn’t know that your majesty had the ability to transport himself to place to place." 
With Jiang scanning his mind, Merra talks "It was me who transported him to safety. Eric should tell the public my name is Merra, who they refer as the Dream Guardian." 
Eric sees weird expression on Jiang’s face who nods his head which Eric gets headache and falls asleep passing out again.

Eric wakes up has a press conference which he says "The Dream Guardian has saved my life and is called Merra." 

On balcony Eric with Niya and guards see huge flying ship overhead that land nearby the building he’s in. Crowd he sees are walking towards the ship as he gets the rages like feeling from mouth breathing and walks to the hallway which Niya stops him by hugging him.
He hears Jiang mentally tell him "Breathe through your nose!" 
Eric feels a hand on his shoulder and hears Kossman’s voice speaking "The ship is not Rakcaran." 
Eric calms down enters quarters to pace with arms folded while Niya watches him with an outline of a Zeskaya standing next to the door. Their both wearing masks as he paces. 
Highlander enters quarters to stare at Jiang who voices "The ship overhead’s occupants came out revealing three species, Shadonia, who came from another planetary world, a Human and a species called Wiser who were told of him by the High Lord there. High Lord insists that they meet the Sun Lord which will be in his office." 
Eric walks towards door to quarters to turn around and walk towards Niya grabbing her arm while looking at Jiang. 
Eric mentally speaks "Niya has to go where I goes for she’s my mate." which Jiang voices. 
He sees Jiang looking at Niya which Jiang says "The Mistress agrees with your majesty on this." 
Eric and Niya and group leave quarters to office room where he sits at desk with Niya on his left and Zeskaya appearing on his right side. Group don’t have to wait long for Shadonia arrive with Human who is tall towering over the Shadonia. 
He saw the Wiser is a bony creature like manoid with a Human form of bones out of skin but more muscular and a Human like face who speaks “Mesan’s Curse.” 
Zeskaya with Kossman’s voice speaks “Wiser, we have named own species Zeskaya." 
Eric and whoever is confused till Wiser speaks in Basic "We Wisers know the Zeskaya from working with them on planetary worlds helping survivors of the Rakcar’s destruction along with another species called Builder. The species Builder is very angry at the Rakcar for what they are doing and is restrained by the Wisers and allies talking to them from using their technology to cause extinction to the Rakcar species. The Builders have real angry and nasty tempers which is why their allies talking to them are keeping their anger in check. The Builders have a Human appearance and they are known for having their eyes glow golden sun colored whenever they are angry along with speaking in a voice tone while chanting words as a weapon against people-" 

Eric wound up cutting himself off from signing to fold his arms while glaring at the wall ignoring Raisa's throat clearing noises. 
He ignored her noises for a uncounted number of time till she yelled "Eric Kossman Zesky!"
He focused onto Raisa as if drawn to hear her speaking "Ignore the fact that the Builders have gone into hiding acting like the hidden species the Wisers calling themselves, Soulers, causing sabotage among Humans here in Terra."
Eric formed a glare while eyeing Raisa only to hear a loud scream from Niyan yelling "Bad man with bugs!"
He exhaled a breath ignoring Niyan's outburst as Raisa appeared to clamp a hand over their son's mouth she heard speaking "Child should be seen but not heard."
Eric frowned hearing Raisa's remark as Niyan appeared to be quiet while staring at him before speaking "Dada tell story."
Eric obeyed to sign.

Eric and Niya separate to cuddle each other while going asleep as the lamp dims to turn its self off. Morning arrive Eric and Niya get up to get dressed then leave bedroom to eat. After eating Eric sees Niya sit on the couch which he joins her. He sees she is in a bad mood which she repeatedly removes his hands from touching her. Eric gets up from couch as he hears knocking sound from the children’s closed bedroom door. 
Jiang using voice says "That’s code for the twins needing to come out and eat their meal." 
Eric puts on mask as Niya gets up from couch and puts on her mask which a Highlander goes to the children’s doorway opening it up as a female Highlander comes out with twins held in her arms. Eric sees twins raise hands and arms, Raisan towards him and Risa towards Niya. 
Jiang he hears mentally spoke "Your majesty, Raisan wants you to hold him along with the Mistress doing the same for Risa." 
Eric and Niya obeys the children’s wishes holds them. Eric feeds Raisan food and drink as Niya does the same for Risa. Once done children go to sleep which both Eric and Niya put together in a crib then leave the room closing the door. Eric and Niya take off masks.
Niya spoke "I would like to see your Brianna." which Eric signs "I'm fine with that."
They put on masks and go to see Brianna. 
At Brianna’s coffin Niya using voice spoke again "Eric, did you father any children with Brianna?" 
Eric replies signing "I fathered two offsprings with Brianna carrying twice. My son Ricky named Eric after myself and daughter Cassie named Cassandra who I'm told has descendants living." 
Niya talks "I wound up being told by Builders having an idea of Eric mating with a female belonging to the Builders to father a child with her." with disgust in her voice. 
She added "I talked them out of doing due to wanting Eric for myself period."
Eric doesn’t sign anything at that comment just looks away to stare at Brianna. Eric makes a grimace look on his face which she looks at him to glare at him. 
Eric grimacing frowns abruptly as Niya continues speaking "I'm disgusted that I have to put up with people thinking of sharing him with other females and put up with them wanting him fathering children with them too." 

Eric in his quarters gets feeling of desire to mate after a headache. Niya is in the bathroom while he lies on the bed staring at the ceiling which he gets up and puts on pajamas. Niya comes out of the bathroom acting clueless to him wanting to mate. Eric leans hands on the dresser lost in thought as he sees out of corners of his eyes Niya get in bed turning off the lamp putting room darkness.  Eric hears her pleading for him to get in bed which he does and falls asleep with her head on his chest. 

Eric and Niya in the morning told by Jiang "Risa is in the medical room due to some heat sickness. Raisan has been crying too much." 
Eric and Niya put on masks and enter children’s room to see Raisan standing in his crib crying loudly. Eric picks up Raisan and carries him out of the room to the couch where he sits holding the child in his arms while rubbing Raisan’s head gently. He senses Niya gently holding Raisan's hand as the child cries which get softer and softer then becomes quiet. 
Eric hears Jiang tell him "Raisan's quietness is due to Raisan about to go through a fast growth spurt. You need to lay him onto the couch and not touch him." 
He stands up to place Raisan on the couch in a lying position and kneels watching him. Niya, Eric sees is standing next to him as they watch Raisan go from months old to a toddler child age that is the same age of his biological children when he was introduced to Ricky and Cassie as their father. 
Raisan wakes up and says “Daddy, I want Risa.” repeatedly. 
Eric picks up Raisan and holds him while going to the table to get the child to eat food which the child accepts. Eric holds Raisan who falls asleep in his arms.
He hears Jiang mentally tell him "Risa and Raisan, will have to be raised elsewhere by someone else. It's to their age. Mostly from keeping your identity a secret from them."
Eric gets up to see Highlander female who walks up to him holding out her arms. He with regret places Raisan in her arms and watches as she takes the child away leaving the apartment.

Eric gets desire to mate billowing in him but doesn't admit it to Niya at nighttime while she's in the bathroom hears a loud hissing sound sees Niya standing in front of the bathroom door with an angry look on her face and eyes are flaring golden. 
He hears Niya snarl "It’s the last time Eric withholds his urges for mating for my toleration has come to an end."
Eric watches as Niya yanks off nightgown to put it in drawer as he lies on his back as she gets on the bed. He stares at her as she grabs his hands and puts them on the headboard while glaring at him. Eric refrains himself from breathing through his mouth as Niya starts kissing his neck and trails kisses to his abs while rubbing the areas with her hands. He jerks when she touches his sensitive part and oral sex is done by Niya on him. Niya slides herself onto him which he closes his eyes hands still on the headboard as they mate. He opens his eyes when he feels Niya kissing him on the lips with her hands on his cheeks. Eric’s control snaps which he rolls her over onto her back with him on top of her and he starts mating with her with his hands holding on her hips holding her in place. Niya as he rolls over says his name while breaking off the kiss. Eric finished puts his hands underneath Niya’s back and starts kissing her on the lips which she locks her legs on his back legs and kisses him back with her hands on his cheeks. Eric senses Niya releasing her hold around him with her legs stays joined with her as she falls asleep. He stares at her sleeping face with her hands touching his chest as he is on top of her. Eric settles himself on Niya’s side after pulling out while falling asleep. 

Has view of Leader’s eyes sight as a voice speaks "Leader." as the eyes sight turns to face a Builder with facial hair standing in front of the doorway with arms folded with two Builders dressed in black and hats on their heads behind him. 
Leader doesn’t say anything which the facial hair Builder speaks "Eric can see things through Leader’s eye sight point of view and has learned that from a Builder talking to Merra. Leader according to Merra isn’t aware of this and it’s the first time he was told of this. Merra thinks that Eric’s life saved by Leader and Niya isn’t the first time he was saved by both Zeskaya and Builder which she thinks that Eric was saved as a either a baby or a child by both Zeskaya and Builder which activated his immortality state." 
Builder says some foreign words in foreign language which Eric hears Leader groan loudly while getting a headache as the view turns black. He continues to sleep-

Eric signs in response cutting himself off from telling the story "Niyan you should be asleep."
Niyan, he eyes, blares "Dada, tell more of story! Don't wanna sleep!"
Eric caught the look on Raisa's face he inhaled a breath then exhaled and then continued on signing the story.

Eric finds himself on the icy cliff with King Winter staring at him. 
He speaks "Merra and what she told me about the Builders deciding to keep Niya instead of returning her to me. 
Merra told me 'The Builders want you to mate with their females to create children. If you refuses they will let the Rakcar come to Terrania and do planetary destruction.'
I had a dream of myself at night time standing on a balcony holding a limp Builder female in my arms. I tosses over the railing and the dream is followed by me standing in my quarters crying mentally thinking Niya’s name while staring at the Rakcar’s destruction out the window as the sun rises. If Niya can’t be returned to me, I would rather let the Rakcar destroy Terrania than mate with the Builders’ females for there is no other female but Niya I would rather mate with. I can’t live without Niya and would rather die even if my death is by the Rakcar’s weapons firing on the planet." 
He feels the cold lord’s hand on his forehead closing his eyes as he finds himself back in his bedroom lying on his bed. 
He cries to himself thinking "Niya. I think I have to let Terrania be destroyed. I can’t live without Niya. I want to die for this for the Rakcar’s destruction is the only way I can die." 
He cries himself to sleep dreaming of Niya which are mostly memories of her from his first meeting her to her leaving him for the second time- 

"Jeez Eric." He heard from Raisa who gives him a glare of accusation making him gulp interrupting him.
Eric gulped fully but mouthed "I'm just signing what I remember."
He found Raisa's expression was disbelief like she didn't believe him making him gulp again.
"Dada, tell the story!" He heard from Niyan in response. 
Exhaling a breath through his mouth he wound up obeying to sign the story ignoring Raisa's glaring stare.

Eric feels heaviness again which goes away while feeling his limbs heavy. He gets up from the bed and fists out of the bedroom two male Builders both with golden eyes out. He goes to Niya and lies on top of her kissing her breaking off her protests as he again feels heaviness and passes out. 

He wakes up in the morning in a calm mood and gets dressed and hears knocking sound on bedroom door and spies his mask on top of dresser next to door which he puts on. Eric knocks fist on the door which opens to show a Highlander and he steps out and is grabbed around the waist by the children Risa and Raisan who is barely his waist high. 
He hears Jiang mentally speak "The children are aware that your majesty is wearing a mask. Risa wants to feel your majesty's face with the mask on while Raisan wants to yank it off. Kossman is sleeping on the couch passed out and we can’t wake him and wants the children away from the couch so they won’t see him." 
Eric rubs kids’ black haired heads as he faces Jiang mentally speaking "Just get the children to leave." which Highlanders obey at Jiang’s head cock taking the children away. 
Raisan he hears as he is taken protests speaking the word “Daddy.” repeatedly. 
After kids leave Eric takes off mask to eat than looks at Jiang while hearing "It's Merra. I'm transporting you to the Builders’ home." 
He sees Jiang nod his head as he blinks his eyes and finds himself on a snowy field surrounded by Builders. 
He hears Merra speak "Whatever you do, do not to go inside for they will pour water over your head." 
Eric balks moving from his spot as he raises his fisted hands up while seeing Lix arrive with Niya. He is annoyed to see Lix has hand on Niya’s shoulder whose head is facing the ground while wearing a brown dress and boots on her feet. Eric sees Lix flick out sword and gets headache as Lix charges at him in a fast blurring speed motion. Eric finds himself grabbing Lix’s sword arm twisting it behind the Builder’s back while having a hand grab Lix’s throat gagging him as Lix waves left arm wildly. 
Eric mentally decides to himself "I’ll have to kill Lix just to keep Niya from being taken." and he tightens his hold on Lix’s throat that starts choking him. 
Eric feels steel on his neck along with a hand grabbing his hair holding his head a bit up along with a Builder's voice speaking “I suggest you let go of Lix, Eric.” 
Eric obeys as Lix coughs loudly while turning to face him. 
He hears the Builder he recognized as William spoke "Lix, kindly to explain why Eric should give up Niya." 
Lix he sees flicks sword back into sleeve then screams running away with fear on his face. Eric is freed and grabbed in a hug by Niya. 
He hears William ask "Niya, how Lix has been treating you?"
She mentioned "Lix when alone with me would run his fingers through my hair and feel my face with his hands. He had a look of awe on his face which would change to anger along with threats of being hit by him if I didn’t do what he said when out with the Builders." 
Eric fists his hands on her back hearing this as William speaks "I know what’s going on with Lix. Merra should transport them away while I handle Lix." 
Eric blinks his eyes and finds himself with Niya back in their quarters which he takes her to the bedroom and kisses her on the lips which she kisses him back with hands on his cheeks. Their interrupted by a door knock which they break off kiss for Eric to open door revealing a chanting Lix who walks into room. Eric feels headache finds he can move attacks Lix by grabbing him to thrust the Builder’s back on the side of the dresser and with hand grabbing Lix’s sword arm along with hand choking him on the throat. Eric gets a little angry tightens his hold on Lix’s throat as the builder chokes loudly and disappears in a flash of light. 
Eric hears Merra say "A female Builder wanted Lix for herself and will make sure Lix sees her as he sees Niya." 
Merra leaves his mind as Eric hears Niya ask "Would you kill for me?" 
He looks at her in the eyes and signs "I would do this if it meant to keep you-"

Eric was again interrupted by Raisa snarling "Eric Kossman Zesky!"
He rubbed hands through his hair in response while eyeing Raisa who gave him a glare of accusation. A yawn broke their staring stalemate making him and Raisa yawn in response. He found the yawn's source was Niyan rubbing hands onto his eyes and shaking his head of fighting sleep. Eric leaned forwards and gently rubbed Niyan's forehead finding Raisa giving him a glare. He ignored Raisa's glare to find Niyan conk himself out lulled by the forehead rubbing. 
He exhaled a breath while eyeing Raisa who mouth "You're still stuck on that Niya." 
Eric frowned but mouthed in response "Don't expect me to turn off my love towards Niya like I was forced to turn off my feelings towards Brianna when paired to Niya."
He folded his arms and glared at Raisa seemingly lengthy till Niyan woke up screaming out "Momsy mad, Dad bad!"
Eric exhaled a breath hearing Niyan's comment to eye Raisa in response soothing their son by hand's rubbing his forehead. He found Niyan kept on repeating his outburst repeatedly to his disgust. He leaned forwards to rub a hand over Niyan's forehead as Raisa stopped and removed her hands. 
He caught her glare as he wound up signing in response after removing his hand "Where was I in the story?"
Raisa mouth "You were babbling about Niya again."
Eric didn't mouth a word in response instead found Niyan eyeing him while awake and appearing to resists to be put asleep. He signed his story as what Raisa was angry about.

He sees anger get on Niya’s face as she spoke "I'm not in the mood for mating!" in an angry voice tone. 
He watches her go to the dresser yanking out her nightgown then goes to the bathroom slamming the door. 
Eric heard Merra say in his mind "Leave Niya alone. You should be going to bed. You need rest from being transported for the side effects make people want to sleep." 
Eric obeys changing his clothes to pajama pants and gloves on. He gets in bed and hears Niya come out and watches her as he turns off lamp on his side of the bed. He watches as she gets in bed turning off the lamp and feels her head on his chest as he is lying on his back and senses her asleep. He wraps his arms around her as he falls asleep. 

Eric feels heaviness again passes out and finds himself on icy cliff facing Lix who is sneering out "You should give up the Sun Lord position or forget having Niya back." 
Eric demanded in response "I want a change of clothes and a place to live in exchange for giving up the position."
Lix agrees verbally "I agree to your demand." 
Eric finds himself back in bed and its light out which he gets up to the dresser to see his clothes from the cruise ship in it along with shoes which he puts on. He leaves bedroom to find Kossman and guards gone while feeling hungry. He explores kitchen unit and opens fridge feeling unfamiliar with it and in it that bother him. 
Eric gets tired goes to couch to sit and dreams of himself back on icy cliff facing Lix who is laughing out "I'm not returning my prize, Niya!" 
Eric gets mad and tries to attack Lix who disappears in a flash of light. Eric wakes up on the couch angry and gets up to yank breathing device off of him which he tosses to the dining table. Rages arrive clouding up his eyes sight and he hears a door opening and closing sound turns to face it seeing a blue movement which disappears in a fast motion while hearing door opening and closing sounds. He blindly finds the door and goes out in the hallway to see blue movements which he tries to attack and is grabbed from behind from hands wrapping around him and yanked away while hearing door slam. He is forced into a seat and feels device forced back onto him clearing up his rages to see Trevor facing him. 
Trevor spoke "You shouldn’t go around without your device on because the rages are permanent once they come and won’t go away." 
Eric frowns as Trevor goes to the fridge and watches him yank out food which he prepares on dishware taken out of cupboards and brings it to Eric who turns to face the table. Eric eats ravenously then once finished Trevor takes tray away as Eric falls asleep closing his eyes only to be waken by Trevor patting his cheek with a hand. 
Trevor added "You should go to bed and get some sleep." 
Eric gets up as quarters’ door opens showing Highlanders who verbally speak "I insist that Eric comes with us." 
Eric obeys going with them to elevator that goes to balcony hallway which he sees Sun Lord towering over Jiang. Eric freaks out as he gets a fearful feeling. He punches his escorts and darts into the elevator which takes him to his quarters’ floor and he runs out to his quarters slamming the door and enters the children’s room to enter the bathroom. He curls up in a ball on the floor with hands on his head while crying tears while shaking hard. His shaking stops as he hears Jiang’s voice speaking words heard. 
He hears Jiang speak "There are gonoids when scared will lash out feeling threatened which is how Eric is feeling at the moment. Leaving him alone will result in him calming down." 
Eric hears Jiang no more comments, and gets up from the bathroom to leave to the children’s room. 
He sees a Highlander guard standing in the room who mentally spoke "The Builder posing as the Sun Lord is asleep. Jiang has managed to slip the Sun Lord mask off his head. He requests his majesty to scratch the Builder on the cheek with his poisonous clawed hands. Word in the city among the natives is that the Builder posing as the Sun Lord is seen as an imposter due to his tall height towering over Jiang when the Sun Lord is normally around the Highlander guard’s height." 
Eric takes glove off his left hand and leaves room to see Builder with short black hair sitting in the dining chair asleep with head down and Trevor standing nearby holding a scanner in his right hand and a syringe in his left hand. Eric scratches the Builder on the cheek with a finger as the Builder wakes up choking and can’t talk. Eric puts glove back on as Trevor injects the syringe into the Builder’s neck as he sees Jiang bow his head with hand over his eyes shaking his head visibly. 
He heard Trevor "The venom have temporary damaged the Builder’s vocal cords." as Jiang and two Highlander guards grab the Builder cuffing him and haul him out of the quarters closing the door behind them. 
Eric blinks eyes to see Niya appear in a flash of light running into him which his arms wrap around her. He keeps his hold on her as she struggles.
She heard protesting "Let me go now!" 
Her hands touch his nose where the device is and she stops struggling to speak “Eric.” then her hands go to his cheeks rubbing as Niya cries eyes staring at his golden ones.
Night time arrives which he escorts her to the bedroom which Niya groans out while still weeping that she doesn’t want to be separated from him-


"Momsy mad, Dada bad!" Eric heard interrupting his signing to his disgust.
He threw his hands up in response to Niyan's outburst and gave his son a glare of annoyance within him. 
He heard Raisa speaking "Just tell the story, Dada. Ignore Eric Junior's outburst."
Eric exhaled a breath hearing her refer his son as Eric Junior despite told by her "His name is Eric Kossman Zesky Junior officially among the Humans but he's referred as Niyan privately."
Eric obeyed to keep on signing despite Niyan kept on repeating his words "Momsy mad, Dada bad!" over and over during breaks of signing.

Eric wound up told "You're not to retaliate against the Builders for William and I, King Winter will handle the punishment." 
Eric spoke "I agree with this." 
The Cold Lord adds "I’ll see that Niya is not taken again permanently. Lix using Niya as a conduit has made her sick enough to get her body to refuse food. She eats it and it come back up and she starves which would later cause physical harm to her body." 
Eric gets annoyed hearing that as King Winter adds "You should focus on getting Niya healthy and being Sun Lord while fixing the damage the Builder have done while posing as the Sun Lord." 
King Winter he feels removes hand and Eric speaks "I’ll do what the Cold Lord, you King Winter, wants me to do." 
The Cold Lord nods his head then places hand over Eric’s eyes closing them. 

Eric finds himself back in his room still on top of Niya who has hands on his chest with fingers rubbing while hearing her crying again. He raises head to stare at her in the face that has tearful eyes while appearing to not focus on him despite the lighted lamps on. He puts gloved hands from her sides to underneath her back as he tightens his hold on her while staring at her in the face. He watches as Niya struggles to stop crying as he senses her calming down sees her close her eyes and feels that she has fallen asleep. He lowers his head till the side is touching hers while lying awake.
Till he senses his mind scanned and hears Merra’s voice speaking “Go to sleep, Eric. You need your rest to help Niya heal and to fix the damage that Builder did when he was Sun Lord.” 
Eric obeys closing his eyes and has a dream of sitting on light dirt area his mind says “Beach.” with the water lapping it too many meters away. 
His back is on a tree and Niya is sitting sideways on his lap while staring at the water. He senses the sun shining over head bringing warmth while having his arms around Niya who he sees is awake and senses her feeling peace and calm while hearing her sigh loudly as she snuggles in his arms. He keeps his eyes on Niya with his arms around her as she turns her head to face him and kisses his cheek then turns her head to face the water while leaning onto his form. He senses Niya relaxed and keeps his eyes on her as he sees her eyes close and sees her fall asleep. He leans his form against the tree with his arms around Niya as he feels sleepiness and closes his eyes falling asleep. 

Eric back in bedroom sleeping on top of Niya smiles a small smile as he feels Niya’s sleeping form and senses she is peacefully dreaming while being relaxed as he lets sleep overcome him.

"Momsy mad, Dada bad!" he heard during a break of signing.
Eric exhaled a breath from Niyan's outburst who kept on repeating his words. 
He clapped his hands getting Niyan's attention to sign "Son be quiet and let me tell the story and its point now."
Niyan he glared at appeared to gulp followed by hugging his Mother who gave him a glare in response. Eric without a comment towards Raisa proceeded to sign the rest of his story with Niyan watching him.

Eric walks out to see Jiang who nods his head as Eric goes to the table and eats food fast. His questions about the laser light get ignored and avoided by Jiang who refused to answer them. Eric brought to balcony where he sees crowd cheer. Trevor arrives wearing a hood covering his head but face is seen quite a bit and waves scanner over Eric and points to the doorway with a teeth bearing look on his face. 
Jiang mentally spoke "Teeth bearing is translated among Americanians, for 'I’ll fight you if I don’t get my way.'”
Eric waves bye then leave balcony to his quarters where he sits on the couch leaning head back falling asleep. Eric wakes up to sense hands touching his face gently massaging. He sees Niya wearing nightgown standing in front of him with an upset look on her face her hands on him. 
He hears Jiang speak voice in his mind "The Mistress is very tensed and upset and will not accept his majesty touching her for she wants to calm herself down by touching his majesty." 
Eric keeps a neutral expression on his face as Niya touches him on the face as he feels her run fingers through his hair while sensing her hands massage him. He keeps his eyes on Niya’s face as she continues to rub his face with her hands. He feels her let go of his face while feeling her hands grab his shoulders pulling him towards her whom he allows till his face is on her form with her hands holding him there. 
He hears Niya speak “My Sweet Eric.” in a sad voice tone. 
Then he is let go and he watches Niya dart into the bedroom leaving the door open and hears a faint door slam sound. 

Night time arrives Eric goes into bedroom closing the door. He sees Niya lying in bed awake with eyes staring at the ceiling. Eric changes clothes to pajama pants and gets in bed turning off the lamp plunging the room in darkness. He gently puts a hand on Niya’s shoulder and feels her stiffen which he gently rubs then lies on his back to fall asleep. 

Eric is waked by sensing the lamp on and sees Niya is gone from the bed and the bathroom door is closed. He gets up to stand next to Niya’s side of the bed and sees her come out to stare at him. Eric shakes his head Human style no when he sees her hand bunch the nightgown which she releases. He stands staring at her with a neutral expression on his face as she walks to stand in front of him. He watches with mouth clamped shut as her hands touch his chest and stomach abs gently massaging then is hugged by her and grabs her as she turns towards the bathroom door. He hold her with her back to his front as she breaks down in tears crying loudly and adjusts his hold on her till his hands are on her arms gently rubbing as she cries. He feels her lean herself back onto him as he holds her. Niya to his shock abruptly elbows him hard with her elbows in the stomach followed by her fists hitting him in the sensitive part before running into the bathroom slamming the door. Eric kneels on the floor breathing hard through mouth which he gets rages and hears bathroom door open which he sees blue movement and gets up charging at the movement and feels hands covering his mouth. He feels pain every time he touches the person’s head which the hands force him to breath through his nose and the rages go away showing Niya. He raises hands to sign but Niya averts her eyes and keeps doing that every time Eric raises hands to sign. Eric gets frustrated pulls her into the bathroom and slams the door which he walks to the lamp as she comes out. Eric turns off lamp and grabs Niya’s pillow throwing at Niya which hits her in the face. He storms to his side of the bed and gets in on his side back to Niya which he falls asleep. 

Morning comes and he gets dressed while in a foul mood. Eric comes out of bedroom to see Jiang who averts eyes every time he stares at him. He sees the same result with the other Highlanders. 
Eric speaks mentally “Merra?” 
He hears a snoring sound and assumes she’s asleep which he is angry about. After eating he gets up to the couch and sits glaring at the wall. Niya he sees walks in his line of sight. 
Eric gets up and walks away from her while hearing Jiang plead using voice "Your majesty, please allow the Mistress to touch you." 
Eric with mask in hand storms towards quarter’s door which Highlanders try to block him by grabbing him. Eric resists but feels a prick of pain in his arm to see syringe needle taken out and he falls unconscious. 

Eric later wakes up to discover himself lying in bed wearing his underwear shorts and gloves and the lamp is on with the window not glowing. He gets up to storm to the wall next to the window to lean on it thinking that Lix must have done something while he was out and about hence Niya and the guards’ behavior towards him. He is in a foul mood as Niya walks in front of him with an upset look on her face. He gives her a glare as she touches his chest rubbing followed by her grabbing her head with her hands while groaning loudly. 
He hears Merra’s voice speaking in an annoyed tone "Lix used his voice to put me in can’t be waken sleep. My children, Meritanians, Walls and Kiddy, transported him to me and forced him to wake me up. Your assumption about Lix is true." 
Eric roars mentally “Lix is dead, dead.” 
Merra ignored Eric's outburst instead spoke "Lix alive to suffer pain is better than him dead." 
Eric growls mentally "I agree even though I don't feel in agreement." as he sees Niya straighten up before running into the bathroom. 
Merra adds "Niya is suffering from remembering forgotten memories some terrible that were not easily accessed with Lix using her as a conduit which she is trying to face by taking prescribed medicine. I have to talk to Kurpanov and will be back." 
He feels her leave his mind which he goes to Niya’s side of the bed to stand with arms folded. 
Niya comes out and Eric signs with her staring at him "What Lix did to you and my guards?! I'm angry about that stunt!" 
He glares at Niya once finished with signing who goes to his arms to hug him while speaking “My sweet Eric.” 
He shuts his eyes as she rubs his chest and stomach abs with her hands and relaxes from her massaging. He senses his device in his hand followed by her yanking off his shorts off his form which he opens his eyes to see her toss it behind him and watches as she yanks off her nightgown. Eric doesn’t protest as he is led to the bed which Niya lays on it and him on top while settling the device between the pillows. They mate which Eric sees a pleasant expression on Niya’s face with her eyes unfocused as her hands are on his shoulders with her legs on his legs from the back. Once done Eric feels Niya tighten her hold over him with her legs as he puts his hands underneath her back and lowers his face to kiss her on the lips which she kisses him back. He hears Niya moan some sound breaks off kiss to stare at her in the face.
She spoke "I'm glad that I have you in my life as a mate." 
Eric’s respond is to kiss her again which the kiss is done for a long time and then they mate again. Eric pulls out of her after she releases her hold over him with her legs freeing him. He spoon fashions Niya after she turns off the lamp and he falls asleep with her hand holding his hand with his arm on her form. 

Eric during the night gets up grabbing device while feeling rages like feeling with eyes sight still the same. He goes to his shorts and puts them on before walking to window wall to lean on his side as his eyes sight clouds up in whiteness and senses the rages like feeling has left him but eyes are still fogged. He folds his arms straightening his form and shuts his eyes and has memory of himself waking up in bed on the cruise ship while wearing his cruise ship pajamas by hearing a female voice speaking his name in a compelling tone. The memory shows him getting up walking towards Kossman’s room which he enters to see Brianna looking very old with blanket on her form while sitting in a dining chair next to the bed. He sees in bed is a female form underneath the blankets and sees her face which Eric remembering recognizes as Niya. He goes to Niya who is awake staring at him as he is yanking off his clothes and gets in the bed yanking the blankets to the foot of the bed. He lies on top of her as she places hands on his shoulders and mates with her then pull out. Eric remembering frowns as he sees Niya groan some sound before passing out and sees himself looking at her form to stare at her body. Her abdomen grows swollen in a fast motion and a baby comes out of her from an opening between her legs. Eric remembering stiffens as he sees in his mind the baby is a boy with a mop of black hair, golden eyes and clawed hands and sees himself hand the baby to Brianna who wraps him up with the blanket from on her form and walks away through the bathroom doorway disappearing in a flash of light.  Eric sees in the memory turns his attention to Niya who wakes up and they kiss on the lips then he and her get out of bed both putting on clothes. Niya he sees in the memory puts on a lacy white nightgown like dress as he puts on his pajamas and he leaves to his quarters where he gets back in bed and closes his eyes-

"Dada good!" He heard from Niyan interrupting him.
Eric exhaled a breath and eyed Raisa giving him a familiar glare he recognized was spoken "Keep telling the story!"
He obeyed despite annoyed with Niyan's commentary outburst of "Dada good!" 

Eric in present day senses a presence in front of his standing form opens his eyes with clear eyes sight to stare at Niya who is wearing a lacy white nightgown like dress identical to the one in his memory who has a frown on her face. He unfolds his arms and with a quick move places one of his gloved hands on her form where the baby grew inside her and hears her gasp while seeing a shocked look on her face. 
He stares at Niya as she speaks “You remember.” 
He nods his head as he removes his hand from her as she continues speaking “Our son according to Merra was taken to live with the Builders here on Terrania with indication on when he'll be returned to us.” 
Eric signs “Hence they having me mate with their females due to finding something interesting with our son.” 
He sees Niya frown as he adds signing “They saw something special with our son and came up with this idea of me mating with their females to create more children like him something I refused to do.” 
Niya he sees frowns some more as he folds his arms while feeling disgust and has the look on his face as he shakes his head with a glare in his eyes. Niya he feels yanks his arms apart and hugs him while he hears her sniff and she abruptly runs away running into the bathroom slamming the door. 
Eric asked mentally "Merra! What's with the medicine Niya is taking?" 
Merra replied "Niya begged the doctor for some medicine with begging and pleading claiming to be suffering from pains-"
Eric interrupts "She’s taking the medicine as a way of facing her problems." 
Merra he hears groans then speaks "The medicine is on the sink counter and the garbage chute is on the wall on his right entering the bathroom." 
Eric spoke mentally "I get it, what your implying." and goes to the bed to lie down closing his eyes. 
He falls asleep and is waked by Merra speaking "You should throw out the medicine now because I have manipulated Niya asleep enough for you to do this but you should hurry before she wakes." 
Eric gets up to the bathroom and finds the medicine on the sink counter in a small pill bottle which he picks up and tosses it in the garbage chute.
Eric heard Merra speak "Niya will wake up soon so you should keep her from going in the bathroom." 
He stands watching Niya who abruptly wakes up turning on the lamp who he glares at. 
Niya he sees flinches from the glare which he signs "You taking medicine for your pain instead of being brave enough to face it." 
Niya he sees has an upset angry look on her face charges at him with fists but he turns invisible and grabs her from behind. She struggles trying to hit him with her fists and elbows which he keeps a tight hold on her arms with her back to him. He holds her tightly as she burst out crying and hears her sobbing a lot which he refuses to let go of her. 
He continues to hold Niya who stops crying and senses her relax while hearing Merra’s talk "You have to continue holding Niya cause she’s thinking of hitting you where it hurts to bring you to your knees. She's thinking of using her fists on you before getting her Mistress outfit and going to the other bedroom to sleep in along with thinking of them sleeping apart from now on. She’s thinking of asking the doctor for more medicine which she’ll take to face her pain instead of facing it herself." 
Eric continues to hold Niya who bursts out crying again while feeling her shaking hard which he refuses to let go. Eric rubs his chin on Niya’s head as he holds her while hearing her crying. 
He heard Merra say "You can let go of her." he does and he sees her run into the bathroom leaving the door open. 
He walks to the bathroom door to peer in and see Niya yanking off her nightgown and watches as she enters the shower stall and hears the water turned on. 
Eric heard Merra tell him "You should be going to bed and getting some sleep." 
He feels a powerful feeling of sleepiness which he goes to the bed and lies down on it falling asleep. He falls unconscious and wakes up to discover it is daylight and finds himself on top of a sleeping Niya who is asleep with a pained look on her face. Eric gently takes one of her hands touching his cheek with it and kisses her gently on the lips which she doesn’t stir and he gets up from the bed to get dressed. He stares at her asleep as he gets dressed and leaves the bedroom to the living room to eat then he walks back into the bedroom to sit in a dining chair staring at her sleeping. 
Eric hears Jiang mentally tell him "You should go to the balcony and see the crowd." 
Merra voices "I voice my agreement. Niya needs some time alone herself to face what she did to herself and you." 
Eric with reluctant leaves bedroom putting on mask and goes to balcony to see the crowd that are cheering seeing him. He doesn’t stay long waves a hand and leaves to the elevator which stops at the shield floor. 
He hears Jiang mentally speak "You should get over your fear of the room's lights being out and visit Brianna." 
Eric obeys entering the room yanking off his mask which he gives the staff a glare and is blinded by a laser light shining from it which he jerks his head away stepping backwards to the side. 

He gets image of himself sitting on a log in a forest clearing looking upset. The image shows him looking up to see a female who he sees is Brianna looking young with golden eyes who walks up to himself putting hands on his cheeks kissing him on the lips. He sees himself jerk from the kiss but accepts her kissing him. 
Then Brianna breaks off kiss to say "My name is Brianna. I had a mate named Eric who looked like you who I knows isn't you." 
Himself speaks "I was given the name Jason. I was aware of your mate who I have been watching guiding a female who looked like my mate to Eric as his mate for I didn’t want Eric to be lonely like I was." 

Eric at the moment realizes the scene is of Dictator and his Brianna but doesn’t know the location as the scene goes black which he blinks his eyes to see Jiang looking concerned by the look on his face. 
Jiang mentally tells him "I saw your majesty's eyes glow moon colored. Has heard of a legend whenever one has their eyes that color while not moving is that the moon called Edenia is giving them a message for them to see with their own eyes." 
Eric frowns at that but walks up to Brianna’s coffin to stare at her lying inside. He gets an image of a smiling Niya’s face staring at him in his mind’s eye. Then he frowns and leaves the room putting on his mask. The elevator goes to his quarters’ floor. He enters quarters taking off mask to see Niya sitting at the dining table wearing a bathrobe over her night gown while slowly eating food with silverware and drinking slowly with Trevor standing over her while waving a scanner. Niya he sees doesn’t look at him despite having a pained look on her face while eating and drinking. He goes to her sitting down next to her and gently rubs her arm during her break of eating. He sees her look at him with a pained look in her eyes which he smiles at her with affection in his eyes as she looks away to focus on the food and drink before her. 
He heard Trevor speak "Mistress Niya, your body has healed enough to start accepting food. I recommends that you take your time eating to not rush things." 
Niya he sees nods her head and continues eating and drinking as Trevor continues scanning her with his arm sized scanner. Eric continues watching her as she finishes the food and leans back in the chair with head down. He gets up and gently kneels next to her leaning his head on Niya’s front with an arm around her. 
He senses Niya’s hands rub his head running through his hair and hears her speak in a sad voice “I’m sorry, Eric.” 
Eric in response continues to lean his head against her form which he tightens his arm hold on Niya. 
He hears Niya sigh loudly before speaking "Eric, please stand up. I wants to hug you." which he does. 
While holding her he hears Trevor from behind ask "Mistress Niya, about the medicine you're taking?" which he digs his fingers into her back while feeling anger arrive throughout him. 
He hears Niya speak "Eric convinced me to stop taking the medicine and had it thrown out in the garbage chute." 
Eric heard from Trevor "What about the pain you was suffering from?" 
She replies "I didn't realize at first. It was hunger pains that went away after I ate the food." 
He hears Trevor add "I want a private talk with Niya in the bedroom." 
He let go of her and watches her enter the bedroom followed by the medical doctor closing the door behind him. Eric gets angry grabs a chair and throws it at the wall before going to the windows leaning against it as he feels his mind scanned. 
He cries tears while thinking "Niya keeping secrets from me when she’s my mate and shouldn’t be keeping things from me. I'm upset to think about my son she bore. She didn’t tell me till I remembered it. Along with failing to tell me about the medicine she was taking for her pain." 
His knees become weak which makes him kneel on the floor arms wrapped around himself which he bents down shaking a bit. He hears the bedroom door behind him open and senses his mind no longer scanned. 
He lets his mind become blank as he is in his position while hearing a door open sound followed by Niya using the Builder's voice speaking "Lix, go away!" 
Eric peers underneath the table to see Lix’s lower half of his body walking towards Niya and hears him use the voice "Everyone to hit the floor asleep." which he discovers doesn’t affect him. 
He hears Niya use the voice "Lix go away and not come back." 
Eric turns invisible gets up from his position to see guards and doctor lying on the floor while Niya and Lix are verbally using the voice in an argument. 
Eric hears that Lix speak "I want you to come with me." 
Niya speak in response in the argument "Lix, go away and not come back!" 
He walks around the table and stands behind Niya as Lix speaks her name and senses himself turning visible while blacking out hearing Niya scream his name. Eric comes to find himself kissing a female on the lips with her hands on his cheeks and his hands are on her head which he realizes is Niya which he breaks off kiss to stare at her with confusion on his face. 
He feeling confused signs “What happened?” 
He stares at Niya who gestures towards the floor with her head and eyes and he sees in her look direction Lix lying on the floor appearing to be unconscious. 
Eric hears Niya speak "After Lix said my name I saw you attack Lix who had no defense against you from your fists who wound up hitting the floor. I saw you kneel on one knee repeatedly throwing a fist into Lix’s face. You stopped till Lix apparently went unconscious. I saw you get up looking at me with all night sky colored eyes and speed walked towards me grabbing my head with your hands and proceeded to kiss me. I remembering your poisoned lips put hands on your cheeks and sensed a change in you which I realized something." 
Niya continued "Builder males speaking an already chosen by a male’s female’s name. The male and the challenger wounds up going into some fighting mode trance as in an unconscious state. They fight each other till one is defeated and the victor celebrates his victory by kissing the female on the lips to declare her his." 
Eric is shocked to hear this but at the moment hears Merra speaking "I'm annoyed. I request you to restrain Lix and Niya to cover his mouth with her hands so I can scan his mind. Lix has the mind scan detection ability and has been using the voice to keep me from scanning him. Has repeatedly happening since he became aware of me from talking to the Builder’s Leader, William. Lix seems to have some sort of mental illness problem judging from his behavior. I wants to scan his mind to see what’s going on without Lix interfering."
Eric goes to Lix kneels and places hands on the Builder/Surrai’s wrists as Niya kneeling across from him places her hands over Lix’s mouth. Eric watches as Lix’s eyes open and senses him jerking slowly and sees the Builder roll his eyes while still jerking which becomes faster. He stares at Lix who shuts his eyes and hears a groaning like sound coming from Lix who becomes slack then abruptly opens his eyes and senses the Builder is in a relaxed state. 
He hears Merra speak "Niya can take her hands away while Eric can release his hold on Lix." 
Eric sees Niya do what Merra ordered and he gets up in a standing position while pulling Lix up to stand. He sees a confused look on Lix’s face who is staring at him which the Builder scratches his head with a hand.
Eric is mentally told by Jiang "The head scratching is international behavior for 'I don’t get it because I’m confused.'” 
He stares at Lix with a neutral expression as Lix without a word walks to the children’s bedroom entering the doorway disappearing in a flash of light-

"Momsy mad, Dada bad!" He heard from Niyan interrupting his signing the story.
Eric threw his hands up in a surrender gesture to fold his arms while bowing his head. He heard Raisa's throat clearing noise to eye her in response.
This was followed by her mouthing "Just keep at it with the story." 
Eric obeyed despite annoyed with Niyan's commentary outburst.

Eric wearing the Sun Lord outfit and mask sat in the chair. He looked at the door which opened to show twins, Rick and Brianna as their called by the Americanians instea of names of Risa and Raisan, both adults and wearing brown clothing enter the quarters. Rick, he noticed had an angry look on his face. He stood up to stand in front of a sitting Niya wearing her Mistress outfit and mask as Rick growled loudly. Brianna he saw placed her hands in front of her eyes as Rick charged at him with clawed hands flexing. He stood his ground and waited as Rick reached him and grabbed the young male’s wrists with each hand restraining him. He felt Rick struggle jerking at his enclosed wrists with his hands flexing. 
Eric heard in his mind Jiang speaking “We’re scanning Rick’s mind and pulling up memories for him to remember.”
He kept his hold on Rick’s wrists as a memory came to his mind. In it he remembered walking into the children’s bedroom while wearing his Sun Lord outfit and mask to see young Rick standing in his crib with an upset look on his face. Young Brianna was in another crib asleep. Eric walked to the crib Rick was in and with his gloved hands lifted the boy child out to hold him in a hug. He went to Brianna’s crib and placed Rick inside next to Brianna who woke up to look at her brother. He stood watching as Rick lay down next to his sister who placed her head on his chest while closing her eyes. Eric looked to see Rick’s face turn from upset look to a peaceful look as he closed his eyes while placing his hands on his sister’s head. 

Eric shook his head of the memory as he continued to hold onto Rick’s wrists who growled loudly. He stared at Rick’s angry face whose eyes jerked closed as a pained look came to his face and felt Rick stop his struggling. He stared at Rick’s face showing range of emotions displayed with his eyes closed. 
Eric heard Jiang speak in his mind “He’s remembering the memories of you in the Sun Lord uniform and mask comforting him when he was upset at a younger age.” 
Eric feels Rick calms down releases his hold on Rick’s wrists. 
Rick in front of Eric tells Brianna "Something about remembering the Sun Lord and the Mistress comforting him when she was out sick at some place else." 
Eric through Jiang tells them "Wait wants to give you both something." 
He goes to bedroom and gets locket and with hesitation gets out Brianna’s necklace which he carries out to give to the twins. 
He gives Brianna the locket that mentions "My predecessor Ionela had one through being told of a family legend and is shocked to see it’s the exact locket." 
He gives Brianna’s necklace to Rick mentions "A family legend about Brianna wearing one like it along with Eric last seen carrying her out of the cruise ship before it sailed away. A Shadonian told my family a family secret about a family member a Kenibian who Eric told about the loss of Brianna he was holding in his arms before he mysteriously disappeared." 
Jiang speaks "I’ll explain. which he tells twins "A secret about my species, Highlanders being telepathic who read people’s minds without them knowing about that. There’s people Humans who have ability to detect their minds scan along with receiving words spoken in their minds. The twins don’t have that ability hence them not told what happened to Eric for the fear of the information getting out by a Highlander reading their minds. Brianna is put some place hidden and that Eric is hidden too. The Sun Lord observed that Eric is seen deity like among people exact way as the Sun Lord himself and he had Eric put some place hidden to not threaten his status as Terrania’s ruler." 
Rick and Brianna put on the necklaces as Rick speaks "I understands." as Brianna echoed the comment. 
Twins leave the quarters-

"Dada good!" He heard blared from Niyan to cut himself from signing. 
He gave Niyan a glare only to hear Raisa's throat clearing noises. Exhaling a breath despite annoyed he obeyed to continue on signing the story. 

Eric heard Jiang’s voice speaking “Contacts tell me that Prussia’s leader an Akylah and ruler Tsarina Dagmara Kirsten has invited you to come to Prussia for a short stay.”
Eric frowned hearing this and he signed with Niya voicing his words “No I don’t think I’ll go.” 
He heard Jiang protest “I suggest you go for the people’s moral and mood.”
He gave Jiang a glare as Niya spoke “Eric, what harm will happen if you go? You’re the Sun Lord and you have a duty to help people whether you like it or not so go.” 
Eric turned his attention to Niya to glare at her as Jiang spoke “The Mistress is right, you have a duty as Sun Lord to visit Prussia and help the nation’s people. I insist you go.” 
Eric with reluctant exhaled a breath and signed “Fine, I’ll go for the duty as Sun Lord.”

Eric frowned sitting in the plane staring out the window. He saw the plane land on an airport like place and looked at Jiang who spoke using his voice “That’s Rania where we are landing to get the plane refueled.”
Eric nodded his head and felt Niya’s hand on his arm gently rubbing. He exhaled a breath and leaned his masked head on Niya’s masked head. His eyes stared out the window lost in thought. He felt the plane move then it took off flying in the air. Exhaling a breath he turned his attention to look out the window and felt tiredness arriving. He got up with Niya besides him hand still on his arm and together they went to the bedroom where he went to the bed and laid his form on it. He felt Niya laid her form next to him and wrapped an arm around her as he closed his eyes. 

Eric woke up to feel pressure on his arm and looked to see Jiang who spoke “We have landed in Prussia so follow me.” 
He and Niya got up from the bed following Jiang out of the plane to on top of a massive cliff floor where he could see other planes sitting around. He frowned as the group went to a some what large sized round building with a dome roof and entered the large doorway which revealed a long length stairwell going down with lights overhead. He went down the stairs which stopped when they reached another large doorway and he blinked his eyes from the lights flashing aimed at him. He frowned at the glare to see standing in front of them was a female Akylah wearing a long sleeved purple dress that had hems touching the floor with an apparent red cape over it. He could see on her face was goggle like glasses covering her eyes like the two Akylahs standing besides her. He could see behind her despite the flashing glare was a black haired Highlander wearing a purple suit holding a toddler child with blonde hair and in a male form wearing purple jumpsuit like clothing. Eric followed Jiang till they stopped in front of the female Akylah inches away from her. 
He stared at her as the female Akylah spoke in Basic “Welcome to Prussia, your majesty. I am Tsarina Dagmara Kirsten ruler of Prussia and leader of the Akylah race. This is my mate Sion Kirsten and my son Simon.”
Eric sensed Jiang scanning him looked at the Highlander and mentally spoke “Thank you, I and my mate the Mistress are pleased to be here.” 
He narrowed his eyes as the flashes from cameras he assumed became more lighting in frequency as he stared at the Tsarina. 
He frowned at the glare as the Tsarina spoke “Would your majesty care to come with me to the palace for I like to invite you to stay for the duration of your visit?”
He heard Jiang mentally speak “I suggest you accept for refusing would be an insult.” 
Eric turned his head towards Jiang mentally speaking “I accept your hospitality.” 
He saw the Tsarina through the glare of the flashing lights nod her head then he and entourage followed her and group in an aisle through the flashing lights of the crowd on both sides. Eric blinked his eyes repeatedly from the lights’ glare flashing at him with no relief from their glare. He exhaled a breath feeling relief as the group left the flashing lights entering a stairwell going down in a circle repeating several times with walls on both sides that appeared to be stone bricks.

Eric and group led to quarters where he, Niya and Jiang are told to stay in while his guards stay in another room. Eric wakes up hearing a squawk noise and sees a large bird on the footboard with white feathered head that makes a squawk noise. He stares at the bird who hops to a chair which he sees coming from a small hole is white smoke slowly coming into the room. The bird he sees flies up towards a cave hole and goes into it disappearing out of site. Eric tries to wake up Niya and finds that he can’t realizes that the smoke is some sleeping gas which he gets up from bed Eric assumes something is wrong turns invisible as the door opens. He sees two Akylah enter the room both males wearing oxygen masks on their faces while holding syringe guns in their hands walk by Jiang who is in an armchair nearest to the door towards Niya. 
Eric thinks "Their going to hurt Niya!" invisibly attacks the Akylah knocking them to the floor.
He turns visible picks up Niya bringing her out of the room then does the same to Jiang. He sits on a bench holding Niya while getting mad. 
He think to himself "People hurting Niya have me fed up with that happening and my toleration of people hurting her has come to an end." 
Niya wakes up and so does Jiang which he mentally tells about the gas in the room. Jiang leads them to guards’ quarters where they stay in. Eric while in quarters blows his temper grabs chair throws it to a wall and gets angry. 
He sensing his mind scanned as he yells mentally "Niya getting hurt have me furious! I'm fed up with that and will no longer tolerate this along with having to do whatever I need to do to assure her safety!" 
He stops being angry as Niya hugs him and he gets tired lies on bed with her held in his arms and falls asleep. 

Later wakes up by Jiang who insists he and Niya eat which they take off masks and eat some food and drink then place masks back on as knock on door heard. 
Akylah guard there spoke in basic "The Tsarina requests Sun Lord and group to Tsarina’s throne room." which they go. 
Tsarina spoke "Sun Lord, you being alright? I was being told that gas was detected in his quarters. Guards went to investigate to check on them wound up getting attacked by Sun Lord who later carried out Mistress and guard out of the quarters." 
Eric feels anger gets restrained by Niya who mentally speaks with Jiang voicing her words "Says the Sun Lord saw the Akylah entering the quarters and went to her instead of going to Jiang who was nearest to the door in an armchair first. Sun Lord thought something was wrong going on hence he attacking the Akylah." 
Tsarina asks "I want an explanation for the attacks." 
Jiang speaks "I’ll explain. There were incidents that caused harm to the Sun Lord and the Mistress before their arrival here." 
Tsarina wound up asking "The Rakcar, I heard and whether they had something to do with the incidents?" 
Eric gets Jiang’s attention as he mentally speaks "The Rakcar had something to those incidents along with hurting my mate who my toleration of her hurt has come to my limits and has ended. I value my mate and will act as I see fit for her safety if I think she’s receiving harm." 
Tsarina spoke "I get it your words, Sun Lord. Again I invite you to stay." 
Jiang insists to him mentally "You're to accept." which he does. 
Eric and group are brought to a bedroom where he gets sleepy lies on the bed and passes out with Niya on top of him. 

He wakes up alone in an all white room which he recognizes as a prison cell and gets annoyed. 
Three male Akylahs enter room one speaking "I'm demanding for you to show your face or not be able to see your female." which Eric obeys taking off mask. 
He sees Akylahs look at each other then spoke "Your to come with us." 
He puts on mask and follows them to a cave like hallway to a cell door which slides open to show another room like the one he was in and he sees Niya wearing her mask and clothes lying on a large bed on her side not moving which he assumes is asleep. Eric goes into room goes to Niya and is relieved to discover her still alive but unconscious. He lies down on bed cuddling her in his arms and falls asleep. 

He is waked by hand on his leg and looks to see Akylah male who removes his hand to point head at the door which he sees the Tsarina standing in front of it with another male Akylah behind her. 
Tsarina speaks "Please, Sun Lord to show your face." in a begging voice tone which he does. 
Tsarina again in begging tone spoke "Your to come with me." 
He puts mask on and follows her out walking a maze of cave corridors till they reach a corridor that is vast in length and on his left are on pedestal stands are hand sized glass boxes with an object in each of them with a picture frame of forms some Akylah on top of them. 
The Tsarina spoke "The first Tsarina Mikhailovna Borsova bore twins in front of a number of witnesses and was declared the Tsarina. This was during a time Prussia was fighting to get their females as Tsarina. Among Akylah having one baby or three is normal for their species and one baby Akylah among other species. Having twins was rare hence Borsova becoming the Tsarina. After her death her twin sons ordered records of her descendants kept. The position of Tsarina always went to a female who bore twins. Borsova’s sons feared that two females having twins would put the Akylahs in chaos felt that if that happened then Borsova’s descendants Akylahs could take power to solve problems. This happened but Borsova’s descendants according to the records weren’t Akylah and couldn’t take the position as required. Americania mysteriously heard of the situation gave Prussia records which detailed interesting information." 
Tsarina pauses then continued "The records show that a Human gonoid humanoid species legend named Eric, a Human Legendian. Borsova later declared him a national hero later executioner of a Kenibian who murdered an Akylah during the Americanian host Terrania Unity Games had fathered two children who have descendants living. The information show that Americania’s capital city Atlanta’s main hospital kept records of Eric’s family and their descendants whether they were aware of it or not is unknown. The records continues show that Eric’s daughter had Akylah descendants living in Prussia who were informed of this and was discovered that they had a daughter predecessors before me." which Eric stiffens hearing this. 
Tsarina adds "The daughter Dagmara who I is named after was declared the Tsarina. One of her first orders was to request that the Tsarina position be passed from descendant to descendant whether they are male or female or Akylahs or not each taking position after a predecessor’s death with the Akylahs having the option of voting on whether they agreed or disagreed with the order. The Akylahs voted all agreeing to the order which the position has been passed down from Dagmara to Dagmara’s daughter Michaela a Highlander to Michaela’s daughter Tiana another female Highlander and now to herself Tiana’s daughter." 
Eric frowns inwardly as Tsarina continues 'I have a Highlander mate Sion who is currently away taking care of their Human son Simon who will take the position after my death becoming the first male Tsar to hold the title." 
Tsarina stops in front of a glass box which he sees a female Highlander in the photo and sees a braid part of a brown hair in the box which the Tsarina continued "Seeing your face made me feel the need to tell you what I told you. I recognized you as Eric a predecessor who I feel without you, I wouldn’t come to existence." 
Eric looks at the Tsarina who holds up a hand and he takes it and them both shake hands. Eric is escorted by Tsarina and guards to prison cell where he sees an awaken Niya sitting in a leaning position against the headboard. He goes to her to kneel next to the bed and places his head on her middle with arms around her as he feels her hug him. Eric moves his form onto the bed while feeling Niya pulling him which he lays his form partly on top of her and falls asleep with her hands rubbing his back. 

Eric later wakes up alone and discovers Niya lying on the floor. He gets up as Akylahs enter the room which he gets the rages and attacks the Akylahs who knock him out with a syringe drug. He feels water poisoning as he is going unconscious later wakes up to discover his jacket and mask off his form and he is lying in his quarters in the airplane with Niya with no mask lying besides him. He discovers a needle in his bare arm attached to a bag with white liquid in it along with Jiang standing next to his bed. 
Jiang there tell him "The Tsarina ordered his majesty put on the plane after giving him the medicine to heal along with her permission to leave any time Sun Lord feels like it. Other nations has heard of the Sun Lord visiting Prussia are requesting the Sun Lord visit them." 
Eric gets a little annoyed but Jiang speaks "The visits are first nation asked visit there first then other nations in order of their asking time." 
Eric closes his eyes falling asleep passing out and is waked by Niya who spoke "The plane has landed in Oceana an underwater island nation with several land islands currently ruled by Emperor Yevgeny Visser, a Human said to be a descendant of the four children fathered by Hades." 
Eric and Niya put on article of clothing masks and jacket then leave plane on land island airport to elevator that takes them down underwater. Eric sees the elevator is glass all around and gets sick with nausea as it goes down which he nearly kneels and is held up in a standing position by Niya. 
Jiang mentally spoke "Just close your eyes." which he does while feeling the elevator going down. 
He holds onto Niya as the elevator goes down and is trying not to breathe through his mouth which he wounds up doing and gets rages. Niya tightens her hold on him as he struggles to calm down from the rages which he does but gets earaches pain which bothers him as the elevator continues its descendant. The earaches go away as the elevator stops and Eric opens his eyes to let go of Niya. Doors open and Eric meets Emperor of Oceana who he sees is twin to the dead Yevgeny Visser standing in a large room with Aquarian guards besides him with a large group of people on both sides which he is paraded through them while following the Emperor. Emperor once reaching a private office room invites him to stay which Jiang mentally insists he accept which he does. Eric and Niya are given quarters with a large glass window showing gonoids with fins swimming by in the view. Eric tries to sleep on the large bed but can’t by hearing sounds of water running all around him which is scaring him. He gets up leaving Niya sleeping goes to the window to look out and sees nothing but blue void with gonoids swimming in his eyes sight. He looks down and sees something like a cliff wall edge which he gets nausea and stumbles towards the bed to lie on and struggles to fall asleep which he doesn’t sleep-

"Dada good!" He heard from Niyan interrupting his signing. 
Eric felt annoyance take hold hearing that comment. He gave Raisa a glare who shrugged in response as Niyan remained silently struggling to keep himself awake. He inhaled another breath and then kept on signing of his planetary trip all over Terrania and all over Americania. He mentions two nations he recalled fully he visited that bothered him mostly. 

Eric visits Felidae's island nation, still unnamed, which he discovers is very hot and he is feeling really hot in his Sun Lord uniform. Felidae he discovers is a desert nation with lots of sands that is hot. Eric is forced to stay overnight at the Felidae leader a Felidae Sheik Jo Olan’s palace and doesn’t get relief from the heat while wearing his Sun Lord uniform and not sleep very well. 

Eric visits Shonsurra which he discovers is an icy nation with winter cold and ice storms. He gets some chills but managed to shake it off. He meets the nation’s Empress a Highlander named Marisaki Tanaka who gives him a room to stay in the Empress’s castle. He finds a fire roaring in a fireplace uses it to keep warm and wounds up sleeping in an armchair in front of it and passes out only to be waked by Niya who insists that he come to the bed and sleep with her. He gets on the bed and sleeps while feeling the cold chill overtaking him and wakes up not able to sleep which he holds Niya in his arms trying to use her body heat to warm him up.

Eric arrives in Atlanta, Americania and is told by Jiang "The President wants his majesty to tour the nation with her." which he does by small flying plane with her in it to city to city. 
He mostly looks out the window staring at the forest land he mostly sees and sometimes sees building tops peeking out of the forest land with an airport runway nearby. He visits a city he is told by Niya "It's Hartford. It's where I grew up along with the city being a Human colony." 
He is paraded during each city visit walking on the city’s main street where there are crowds of people on both sides cheering and clapping while making noises. 

After tour Eric in his quarters with Niya gets angry releasing all the emotions he felt with his tour mentally tells Jiang "I'm not touring again-" 
Niya interrupts asking "What’s Eric is saying to you, Jiang?" 
Eric signs in sign language his words "I'm not touring again! I have been feeling sick since I left Prussia along with pains of not getting enough sleep and suffering from the sickness with no relief with me touring the nations. I'm fed up with doing the touring and will not do it again." 
Niya spoke "Your Sun Lord title requires you to tour for the people’s moral and mood-" 
Eric interrupts to sign "I had it with the touring!" 
He gets up from the chair and falls towards the ground falling unconscious. 

Eric wakes up on a bed in the medical room hearing Trevor speak "Tell the public that Sun Lord was sick with an illness undetected before he left to Prussia." 
Eric hears Jiang reply “This won’t be taken by the public.” 
He hears Trevor speak “Where does it say that the Sun Lord can’t have any flaws such as illnesses? Please point it out to me.” 
He heard Jiang grumble some loud sound like “Argh.” 
He sits up from the bed and sees Niya rush towards him who grips his arm. 
He signs with her voicing his words "I want to go to bed and not sleep with the Sun Lord uniform on. I haven’t had much sleep while staying in the island nations’ leaders’ places. I don’t want to do any more touring till I'm is guaranteed a good nights' sleep in bed and that means refusing to stay in the leaders’ places if I have to sleep in my plane. I got water poisoning from the Akylahs on Prussia and has been feeling wrecked up. Made worse by me not getting enough rest or sleep from touring. This sickness has put me off touring until I'm assured that I can get the rest I needs." 
He quits signing as Trevor spoke "Tests reveal that Sun Lord’s body is trying to recover from water poisoning. He was given medicine to fight it off but is also suffering from exhaustion from not getting enough rest." 
Eric gets up from the bed and walks towards the door which Niya holds him still by hand pulling on his arm. 
He signs "I want to go to bed now. Wants to get out of the Sun Lord uniform for I'm tired." 
He hears Niya repeat his words verbally and heard Trevor speak "Its fine with me." 
Jiang escorts the two out of the medical bay to their quarters which Eric walks into his bedroom with Niya behind him closing the door. He yanks off the Sun Lord uniform and underwear leaving it on the floor and stands in the buff staring at the wall with bare hands besides the breathing device on the dresser. He is struggling to breathe through the device in his nose as he is trying to feel relief from having the clothes and boots off of him for wearing it many days straight. Eric with Niya wearing her nightgown watching him takes the device and yanks the blankets to the foot of the bed and lies on the bed shutting his eyes falling asleep which he senses himself passing out unconscious. 

Eric sleeps unknowingly of the time wakes up to discover its night time and Niya is not in bed. He sits up and leans on the headboard waiting as Niya comes out. 
He asks signing "How long was I out asleep?" 
She verbally replies “Two suns starting with the day you closed your eyes falling asleep.” 
Eric is shocked but feels a desire to mate looks at her hungrily as she is putting away her Mistress outfit. He sees Niya look at him which he licks his lips and hears her sigh loudly while yanking off her nightgown putting it away. He watches as she gets in bed turning off the lamp and he in a hurry gets on top of her with his bare clawed hands underneath her back hands touching the mattress covered sheet and mates fast which she locks him in position after the mating. Eric is feeling really intense feelings of pleasure which he mates with Niya again with her meeting his movements and the pleasures feeling helps him feel much better along with his feeling her skin on his skin. He adjusts his position to kiss her throat at the vocal cord area then trails kisses up to her cheek while hearing her gasp loudly as he is kissing her. He trails kisses to her lips and ravishes her mouth with his mouth while hearing her moans some sound loudly. 
He breaks off kiss to hear her speak "I missed touching you and you touching me." 
Eric in response by kissing her cheeks both of them then they kiss again on the lips. He feels hard mates with Niya for a third time and then feels her release her hold on him which he reluctantly pulls out to put his head on her chest arms still around her with hands underneath her back claws digging into the mattress. He closes his eyes falling asleep while feeling her rub his head fingers running through his hair-

"Dada bad!" He heard from Niyan. 
It made him roll his eyes in response as he found Raisa giving him a familiar glare. Eric forced himself to sign his story ignoring Niyan's repeated outburst comment.

Eric sits in quarters eating food with Niya next to him eating. He’s wearing the Sun Lord uniform as Niya is wearing the Mistress uniform. Once finished eating Highlanders take the trays away going to the kitchen unit. Eric sits leaning back lost in thought. He remembers given a device to wear around his neck on the vocal cord area which he is wearing underneath his turtleneck. The device voices his words whenever he moves his mouth forming the words. The device speaks in a male squeaky tone voice. 
Eric loses thoughts as guard a female Highlander speaks “Your majesty?” 
Eric sees the speaker he sees is Jiana, one of Jiang’s descendants looking at him. 
Eric speaks through device "I was just remembering things." 
He sees guard come in room and watches as Jiana looks at the guard then frowns seeing them stare at each other. Then the guard leaves the room as Jiana turns to him with a frown on her face. 
Eric asks “What’s going on?” 
Jiana replies “Word on the street is a rumor going around that many people believe as true.” 
Jiana pauses as Eric frowns which she continues “The rumor is about your identity as a lengthy lived Legendian that never dies. Their talking about you being Sun Lord as an explanation to you appearing to be living forever as something involved the title is reason why you're living like that.” 
Eric spoke “That’s interesting but why do they believe the rumor?” 
Jiana answered “This is most done by the Shadonia. There’s won’t die rumor among them that you replaced became long lived by becoming Sun Lord. The rumor began roughly after High Lord Madrid Hydeo’s death many cycles ago. The rumor said that cycles ago before the High Lord’s death the Sun Lord visited Shadan before you left your home. The Sun Lord before he left was seen limping and acting like he had a deadly cold ailment. The rumor of you replacing the limping Sun Lord began after you last visited Shadan seen walking normally and acting healthy. It also includes you granted some long lived status as living forever while in Sun Lord position as seen by Edenia herself.” 
Eric speaks “Oh well, I wonder when do I show my face to the restless natives?” 
He pauses to as Niya reaches over to grip his hand Eric continues “I don’t see the point of keeping my face hidden some more or hiding that I'm living forever.” 
Jiana speaks “That’s what we’re trying to find out, how the people would react if the rumor turns out true-”"

Once again Eric was interrupted by Niyan speaking "Tell me something else instead."
He exhaled a breath through his mouth and obeyed to sign another story this time while having Niyan watching him sign.

Eric enters stadium with Highlander guard while wearing hooded mask. 
He stands next to President of Americania Lia Victorian Kossman who spoke "I'm closing the games. I reveal the athletes’ vote to give the games to Prussia to host." 
Crowd cheers. 
He frowns as after that announcement Aiden he sees abruptly sucks the President then throws her onto the floor and declares "I Aiden is Drainer Lord!" 
Then gives off a roar while hearing the translator Drainer give off an identical roaring noise. 
He watches as the President is hauled out of the stadium by stretcher and hears to his shock from a microphone from the ruler of Shonsurra the Emperor Shintaro Tanaka whatever number he's on "How about declaring Humans as slaves?"
He hears from the High Lord of Shadan "I'm not a dictator. I will put the subject to vote for my people to vote on. My people have to live with the decision period."
He gets annoyed as Kenibia’s ruler King talks to Rania’s President Yevengina Visser, whatever number she's on "Why Rania hasn’t declared Humans as slaves?"
Eric noticed the other rulers and leaders acting threatening towards the Ranian President as in pointing weapons aimed at her via guns. 
He wound hearing the answer to her question "I'm putting the subject to vote like the natives of Shadan will do. I'm not a dictator at all either. Prefers my people to decide on that matter."
He feels annoyed hears Oceana’s Emperor, a Highlander named Pavel Palin and whatever number he's on speaking "I hereby make a declaration of having Humans as slaves on Oceana." and repeats the remarks in Oceanan aka Basic language despite its Basic actually. 
He decides to butt into the conversation speaks through Highlander guard "What are you going to do with me holding the Sun Lord title? Having a Human form and a Human female as a mate?" 
He hears from Aiden "Hades came up with the title and that the decision on what to do with the Sun Lord is up to Hades period." 
He frowns as a ball of light appear from above landing nearby reverting to reveal Hades having white gonoid sleeves while wearing black pants that look gonoid like along with parts of it wrapped around his ankles and feet along with familiar vest and having streaks of white in his hair. One of the leaders hands him a microphone and Aiden repeats his words giving a summary of the situation regarding Humans. He eyes Hades figuring out that he’s not his son Eric Junior judging by the whiteness and new looks on his form. 
Eric listens as Hades speaks through microphone "I'm dropping the Sun Lord titled position as created as its creator. Terrania already has something that will keep them united and that is the Terrania Unity Games. We don’t need a ruler to keep them united anyway." 
He feels annoyed hearing that hears from his guard "You need to leave the stadium immediately!" 
He obeys and goes home to his quarters to find Niya inside wearing the Mistress outfit and looking like she was crying. 
He stiffens seeing her appearance hears from her "President Victorian Kossman has been removed from position. Someone, some Highlander named Lyu Jiang, has taken the President title in her place. Along with announcing that Humans are now slaves on Americania. It was Lyu who told Aiden to take leadership of the Drainers by sucking her and declaring the leadership. They did that behind Lia Victorian Kossman’s back without informing her of it just to prevent any supporters of her from interfering." 
He feels annoyed hearing that as Niya hugs him and hears from his guard "You should go to bed and get some rest. The racial and island leaders have figure out what to do with you and your female."
Eric obeys changing his clothes to pajama pants and gloves then gets into bed as he waits for Niya to come out of the bathroom who comes out dressed in nightgown and gets into bed shutting off the light. He lies his form on top of Niya who doesn’t protest to it accepts him. 
He falls asleep passing out unconscious comes to hearing his familiar guard’s voice sounding in his mind "It's time to get up, its morning."
He finds that his guard is correct on that gets up and pulls out the drawer to find the Sun Lord uniform gone and in its place is blue clothing and his familiar sneakers. He pulls it out and finds the blue clothing. It is some kind of loose on his body jumpsuit with attached close to his hands, gloves and attached socks, along with a neck collar, similar to his Sun Lord uniform and a similar hooded mask attached. He puts on along with his familiar sneakers on his form. 
He pulls out his gloves thinking "I’ll keep them due to that their, mine." 
He puts on over the blue jumpsuit’s thin gloves and finds that they fit over the jumpsuit’s attached gloves.
Eric figures "I’ll wear anyway."
Then stands staring at Niya who is wearing an orange jumpsuit that is loose on her form who hugs him abruptly. 
He speaks mentally "Merra! I'm asking about living on the water ship-"
Eric gets interrupted by Merra speaking mentally "I've discussed that with Anya who wants you to live among the Terranians. Instead of isolated in the water ship like you was before. She wants you to have a life with people instead."
Eric found Merra's comment makes him feel dejected hearing that as he hears from Merra "Your son is doing fine after being freed from the Hades suit. He gave to Teorjer who was influenced by a Highlander to take back the Sun Lord title. Your son was given the antidote to the poison, by medical doctors, figuring out how to create the antidote from testing Trigans. They wound up discovering that their immune to poisons that are said to be deadly towards manoids. Their blood helped the medical doctors form antidote to the poison which your son's body accepted and got rid of the poison." 
He frowns hearing that as Merra adds "Sorry but Ramia convinced Eric Junior to live in Oceana. She’s Trigan and that her people live in Oceana’s water territory. She has urges to live in the ocean that are very strong along with urges to become gonoid dubbed Orca." 
He frowns as Merra adds "I and Tank did a great deal of convincing to several high ranked Oceanans to take keep Eric Junior and his son in Oceana. It's from emphasizing Ramia as a reason for the both of them to stay in Oceana." 
He continues to hear Merra talk adding "Soon after I convinced the Oceanans to let Eric Junior and son stay is when I heard talk among the ranking members of using Eric Junior as some kind of executioner. They traditionally hung people to death when they do something terrible against Oceana’s laws. They think that poisoning would be a quicker death than hanging which is just some form of choking the person to death. That people are slow to die when their hung. Have made Oceanans squeamish about that form of execution. They prefer some other form of execution instead that is quicker and faster." 
He keeps his mind blank as Merra adds "Tank managed to get word to Oceana’s Emperor about Eric Junior who has agreed to our request. He and I have scanned the natives of Americania who feel like unanimously backed up by their new President that they should keep yourself as slave in Americania. I have heard similar talk among the high ranking members of using you as some kind of law enforcer and possible an executioner for killing off people when the opportunity for an execution calls for it. That’s Americania don’t have an official executioner when it comes to doing that job. They have been using some kind of form of your poison to put people down medically when the occasion calls for it." 
He hugs Niya as Merra continues "Americania’s doctors have emphasized that they only put people down if there’s a medical reason for doing it. Have balked doing executions. Has been balked by other Americanians who all agreed to prefer a Legendian to do the job." 
He hears nothing more from Merra hears a door knocking sound feels Niya force herself out of his arms. He stares at with a frown and feels her take his hand and pull him out of the bedroom to the living room to see a Highlander wearing a suit and tie in the room with arms folded with some serious look on the male’s face. He stares at as Niya releases his hand. 
He frowns as the Highlander speaks "The President has ordered Eric and his mate to stay in Americania as slaves with Eric taking the job as official executioner executing people who break the law doing something very bad and when an execution calls for one." 
He continues to stare at the Highlander who adds "It’s a direct order from the President and that Eric should obey to it. The President told off the other island and racial leaders that Eric is Americania’s slave. Their property period including flaunting that they need him as their official executioner. People balking on taking the job and all agreeing that a Legendian will hold the position." 
He frowns as the Highlander adds "The President had to take a great deal of talking to the racial and island leaders that Eric belonged to Americania. Them wanting Eric in their homelands for different purposes said. The racial and island leaders only agreed to the President’s request by the leader saying what Eric’s purpose in Americania was going to be. They have agreed to that but added that Eric be the official executioner for the Terrania Unity Games. Other sporting events as well should an athlete harm or kill another athlete in order to gain a medal or some position in the competed sport’s rank." 
He signs his words hearing Niya is silent "I'm not going to complain about that but wants to know where's I'm staying while living in Americania with Niya, my mate at my side. I want her with me period as long as I stay in Americania." 
He folds his arms to stare at the Highlander who speaks "The President has ordered Eric to use the former titled Sun Lord’s headquarters as his home base in Americania. A place to stay. Including having the Sun Lord’s guards keep their jobs to make sure he’s in line with Americania’s laws. They have for slavery. Including preparing him to do executions when their ordered to be done." 
He doesn’t sign keeps his arms folded while staring at the Highlander who adds "There’s a reported execution said to be ordered on one Lia Victorian Kossman.'
He stiffens hearing as the Highlander adds "The President ordered for her execution. Reason that she’s suspected in being viewed as a leader by the Humans who would use her and her talking influence on them to revolt against the slavery done on their species."
He hears from Kossman abruptly sounding in his mind as the Highlander pauses "You should keep your words about your views towards executing her silent." 
Eric frowns inwardly hearing that along with hearing an edge in Kossman's voice that sounds like a threat to him. 
He signs his words asking "Is the President is sure about Lia and the Humans’ views?"
Eric hears from the Highlander as he folds his arms again "The Humans made no secret of viewing Lia as their leader the moment she took office. That view is unanimously viewed among all of the well known Humans in Americania. The President sees her as a threat to keeping the Humans in line as slaves has ordered her execution. Expects Eric to do that job period without protest. Along with issuing that Eric’s mate Niya will receive punishment if Eric balks an execution job. Niya will be whipped on her bare back a certain number if Eric balks doing an execution. Lia’s execution will happen later today in the stadium with the crowd and Americanians all over as witnesses to it. Eric is ordered to execute her by breaking her neck. Is assured of killing her instantly by the medical doctors saying about it."
He feels dejected hearing the Highlander’s words who adds "I got business elsewhere and the guards will let Eric know when to go to the stadium for the execution." 
He watches the Highlander leave followed by two Highlanders carrying trays he sees holding dishware entering the room and is ordered by a guard "Your to sit at the table and eat your food." 
He obeys doing it as the Highlanders drop off the trays which he eats and sips the drink then gulps it down. He gets up and goes to the couch once done to sit staring at the TV monitors that are blank and with a remote turns them on to get a broadcast of a Felidae.
She's a cat like humanoid with a cat like face, a part of the Felidae species.
She was saying "The President after sworn in last night has issued an execution order to be done on a human female answering to the name of Lia Victorian Kossman.
The President was quoted saying 'She's a threat to keeping the Humans as slaves who’ll use her influence to revolt.'"
Eric feels disgusted hitting him sits glaring at the TV as the broadcast continues to talk about the recently finished Terrania Unity Games talking results of sporting events which he finds boring shuts off the TVs. He feels Niya sit on the couch next to him and hears her give off a groan sound. 
He abruptly hears Kossman’s voice sounding in his mind "You when you do the execution is not to do hesitating when it comes to Lia’s execution." 
He looks for Kossman to spot him hidden state near the doorway to a bedroom eyes him and mentally speaks "What your problem is Kossman? I'm not happy with having to execute Lia and don’t want to do it." 
He hears from Kossman an edge in the male’s voice tone sounding threatening "I suspects that Lia executed will trigger a revolt with Humans viewing you as their leader. It's from you admitting that you were born before Terrania came to exist. You pointed out that the Humans lived back then. I think this leadership theory from eavesdropping on Humans’ talking about you that made it seem like they view you as a leader." 
He frowns hearing that as Kossman adds "Technology has made it easier for anyone to contact people on other islands. Humans on other island nations will revolt if they hear of Americania’s Humans revolting. News spreading through technology." 
He feels a headache of his mind scanned shifts his eyes to stare at the TV monitors and hears a Highlander sounding in his mind "Have you seen Kossman around?"
He mentally speaks "I'm not Kossman’s keeper. Don’t control that Zeskaya who travels anywhere he wants and doesn’t keep track of him either." 
He feels the headache stop as there’s a door slamming sound looks to see the bedroom door is shut and eyes it, to see Highlander guards dart into view. Darting towards the door yanking it open and going inside to hear a faint door slam sound followed by guards coming out looking annoyed. He glares at the guards to see one look at him.
Eric signs his words seeing understanding in the guard’s eyes "What’s so special about Kossman that requires catching him? He’s not entirely a Human. I want to know what they plan to do to him once he’s caught." 
Eric glares at the guard who forms a frown shifting to look away towards someone behind him followed by speaking his signed words verbalizing them.
Followed by hearing a guard behind him speaking "Kossman has been for awhile sighted in sensitive areas in the city and buildings including the President’s. We suspect that he’s doing sabotage from Highlanders scanning his mind. Just prior to him escaping from them with things in his mind indicating of him up to something indicates on sabotage." 
He hears Tank’s voice speaking in his mind shocking him "The guard is lying about what he said about Kossman. He’s been detected traveling back and forth from the Sun Lord’s residence to his people’s home world. Hasn’t done anything the guard said which their attempts to capture Kossman is related to him having a Human appearance. The Human species has been declared slaves and it involves other species who have Human appearances being declared as slaves too-"

Eric is interrupted by Niyan screaming again. He exhaled another breath and waited for Niyan to quit his screaming fit. This was followed by hearing a snickering sound in his mind that suspiciously felt like a Meritanian by the headache hitting him. 
He felt annoyance take hold as the headache persisted as he mentally spoke "Walls, Kiddy, something I can do for you?"
Eric felt a compulsion to sign words which he obeyed despite still feeling his mind still scanned.

Mindbender heard the familiar siren sound jerking his eyes open with a start finding himself in a coffin from the looks of it. He recalled Anyan sneaking up behind him then pain in his back followed by nothingness. He sat up as the see through coffin's cover lifted itself up to find a male figure with an odd face coming into view with eyes that were sun colored making him grimace to see. Mindbender got out of the coffin finding the male with the night sky colored face and night sky colored clothes helping him out despite not asking him to. He felt an odd feeling hitting him as the male without a word got him to stand while keeping an arm around him. Mindbender felt his legs weak but obeyed to keep on walking finding the unnamed male was guiding him through a large vast room that had multiple coffins inside some empty some with bodies inside to his confusion. Mindbender didn't say a word as the stranger got him through a door way to hear a faint buzz noise behind him. 
He halted the male's walking to look finding a plant colored wall appearing looking see through to hear "It's the shield to the room." 
Mindbender frowned hearing the voice to find the stranger looking at him which he heard a guttural male voice appearing to be from the male "I'm no stranger. The name is Hades. Welcome to Terrania."
He frowned hearing the sarcasm of the male's voice tone frown realizing his name was Hades but kept his mouth shut as the male got him into a small room. Mindbender jerked as something like a wall slid shut followed by a falling sensation making him stiffen. 
Mindbender heard "It's just an elevator a machine that can transport people up and down in fast speed methods."
He frown hearing that from Hades to find the male escorting him into a stone hallway making him stiffen of memory for it looked like a dungeon to him. He found various plants in the hallway while feeling that odd sensation hitting him again as Hades got him into a room to find a male wearing all cloud colored clothing with the twin colored hair lying asleep inside. Mindbender frowned as Hades got him to kneel followed by darting out of the room appearing to be a jail cell in a fast speed move while slamming the door with a bang sound. He found the door's noises woke up the cloud colored male who sat up staring at him with a frown on the male's face. Mindbender kept his mouth shut while eyeing the male warily to find him reaching out a hand towards his forehead making him stiffen. 
He stiffened from the odd feeling as the male was heard "I won't hurt you."
Mindbender frowned but didn't comment a response as the male reached out both hands and touched his forehead he jerked his eyes shut as pain arrived to his head. He recalled fully as he felt sleepiness shut his eyes passing out unconscious, as I kept on watching as the scene changed.

Mindbender found himself holding a sword while edging into a dark sinister forest with mouth in a teeth baring grin. He heard noises of someone running in the forest crashed after the figure to tackle a naked male onto the ground followed by swinging himself up and thrusting the sword at the male's neck. He saw the male was Anyan bare of clothes who held up both hands up in a surrender gesture. 
He glared at Anyan who spoke "Just be done with and kill me now, Shad."
He recalled why Anyan was bare of clothes was from a neighboring King, King George of Lionsbane had used his own daughter to charm the male into a mating ritual at the river. He recalled fully King George arrived to get Anyan to surrender his kingdom of Anya via written notice before ordering the male to get into the forest before the King set his men onto him to kill him. Mindbender eyed Anyan who quit the all black eyed look showing Human blue eyes with a look in them he recognized as if knowing what it was of brotherly love. 
He put the sword away back into his scabbard 'I'm not going to kill you anyway. Besides I took down King George's men sent to kill you actually."
He found Anyan thrusting himself forwards knocking him onto the ground while hearing a whooshing sound of an arrow and heard a grunt sound from the male. Mindbender rolled them over to swing himself up while thrusting his sword in front of him to spot an archer on horseback joined by other archers he finding himself and his brother surrounded. He glared as two archers got their horses to step aside followed by a familiar male with a beard chuckling loudly while on horseback. 
Mindbender glared at the male his mind told him was King George who spoke "So the brother proves his loyalty to his own brother."
He heard the sarcasm of the King's voice tone gave off a low growling noise only to feel Anyan's hand onto his ankle which he bent down to place a hand onto the male's shoulder while resuming the glare aimed at King George.
King George, he glared at spoke "I suggest you do what your brother told you to do which is kill him. So do it now."
He in response threw his sword towards the ground while kneeling facing King George and keeping a hand onto Anyan's shoulder, he feeling his brother gripping in a gentle grip in response. He kept the glare aimed at King George finding the archers going away and darting out of sight leaving him alone with the male along with an additional horse. 
He glared as King George spoke while dropping the reins of the horse without a rider on it "Your loyalty to your brother reminds me of my loyalty to my own brother. I'll keep you alive for that. You come upon the lands of this kingdom I won't hesitate to have you dead on sight. Don't come again."
Mindbender kept the glare as King George jabbed a finger in a direction off his left "There's a village dubbed Lancelot by the sea off in that direction. I have no attempts to take the village into my Kingdom. You'll find sanctuary there. Don't leave the village for anything."
He gave a head bob as King George without a further word road away via horse out of sight. Mindbender didn't say a word went to the horse eating a plant to yank it towards Anyan it not resisting to that. He found clothes folded into the bag tossed them to Anyan who took out the arrow showing a bleeding cut on the arm while grimacing before getting up to put on the clothes. Mindbender got onto the horse and held up a hand towards Anyan who showed Human blue eyes to him with trust in them he recognized. He didn't say a word as Anyan took his hand to grip it before letting go and got onto the horse behind him. Mindbender felt Anyan gripping him by the waist including head leaning against his back he sensing the male was upset but didn't comment a response towards him as he got the horse to gallop towards the village as pointed out by King George. Mindbender found the village easily by the sea that appeared to look like a poor village from the looks of how poor everything was made by the huts seen. He grunted once the horse reared up in front of a young woman seen but was dressed in some odd clothing. 
He didn't say a word as the young woman spoke sounding firm "Your kind isn't wanted here stranger."
Mindbender spoke firmly "His name is Lance Richard. He's here to help out. I'm just his brother and caretaker."
He sensed Anyan quit the clinging to look at the female whose eyes widen of recognition in them followed by her speaking "The name is Jacinda. Welcome to Lancelot, Master and servant. I'll teach you what you need to know around here Sirs."
He got off the horse and got Anyan displaying his Master ability off the horse to find Jacinda going up towards the male and taking his hand. Mindbender followed while pulling the horse to find Jacinda taking them to a house appearing to be better made despite the huts not showing very many people around. He frowned as he got the horse tied to a tree next to the house as Jacinda and Anyan went inside the house shutting the door. He looked around to find villagers coming out of hiding some seen scared but staring at him with ranges of emotions on their faces. Mindbender sighed figuring from their expressions that they saw and heard what he said regarding Anyan to frown walking away from his horse to stand in the middle of the pathway. 
He eyed the villagers warily to sense Anyan behind him speaking something that sounded like "Forgive me brother."
Mindbender felt pain hitting his back indicated a sword stabbing him followed by passing out unconscious the scene shifted again.

Mindbender came to recall coming to feeling himself lying in a coffin to find Anyan holding his hand and speaking "I'm sorry brother dear for doing this. It's to protect you from harm. I oath to you that you'll get the acceptance you wanted. Forgive me."
He found Anyan shutting a familiar coffin's lid shut and walking away as he found himself shutting his eyes passing out unconscious only to wake up hearing the familiar siren noises compelling him to wake up. 
Mindbender roared out a growling noise while speaking "Anyan!"
He felt the cloud colored male was still having his hands onto his forehead as he came to knock aside the male's hands with anger in his eyes. Mindbender glared at the male feeling hatred aimed at Anyan hitting him. 
The male spoke "You will forgive Anyan-"
Mindbender interrupted "I won't! You can go to the depths now! I'm done being in this jail cell!"
He got up to storm towards the door to realize with a start that he didn't know how to open it to glare at the male while adding "Open the door or I'll cut you."
Mindbender pulled out his sword from his scabbard thrusting it aimed at the male and towards the door. He found the male refused to budge getting up instead remained kneeling. Mindbender darted towards the male only striking out his sword only to feel the odd sense again hitting him as the male disappeared in a puff of smoke in front of him. He looked around the room finding it empty and gave up a loud roaring noise in response to charge towards the door clawing it with his gloved hands. He found the door refused to budge opening as he continued to feel the familiar sense hitting him. Mindbender felt confusion hitting him on what the sense was as he looked behind him to find the male was back kneeling. Mindbender growled an angry sound and put away the sword into the scabbard and forced himself to kneel in front of the male while glaring at him who had eyes shut with a peaceful look on his face. He kept on glaring at the male seemingly lengthy who refused to budge from mediation he figured was what he was doing. Mindbender felt his mood plummet charged towards the male after getting up in a fast move only to find him disappearing in a puff of smoke. He gave up another roar of frustration. Mindbender charged towards the walls appearing to be stone that refused to crack underneath his fisting. He kicked and fisted the walls till he felt his anger simmered a bit to resume kneeling while facing the wall opposite from the door. Mindbender found the familiar male appearing with a puff of smoke he smelling nothing to indicate smoke to him to his annoyance. He glared at the male while angry and shut his eyes forcing himself to mediate himself to calm mood that was slow arriving within him as he kept on recalling Anyan's betrayal he called it. Mindbender kept feeling his angry mood remained only to feel hands touching his forehead he compelled to keep his hands to himself despite fisting them. He found the hands were soothing to him to calm down from his raging angry mood. 
Mindbender found himself sad abruptly to burst into tears crying wailing sounds while wailing noises he heard himself speaking "Anyan, oh why did you have to do this to me?"
He found himself repeating his question over and over as he cried till he felt himself calm to recall during a bout of body guarding Anyan something his brother told him once alone with him "I'll do what it takes to protect you even do anything. Even have you declared dead with your body someplace contained intact for you to wake up and live your own life with the acceptance you want. I don't want to see my own brother hurt suffering from rejection from people. The rejection is basis to why you were seen as an assassin. I refused to have that be a reason why you're rejected. I prefer you to be accepted with kindness and people's equal firmly."
Mindbender exhaled a breath and inhaled to speak firmly "I forgive you brother Anyan."
He groaned to feel the male's hands off his forehead to hear an odd sound. 
He frowned opening his eyes to find the male speaking "You may leave."
Mindbender heard the edge in the male's voice tone finding him eyeing him with a narrowed eyed look indicating of wanting something. He sighed and unbuckled his belt holding his sword and scabbard to hold it up towards the male in response. 
Mindbender frowned getting the male speaking "That's not what I want. Physical objects are useless to me."
He sighed and buckled his belt back onto himself and spoke firmly "My given name is Shad. I've called myself Mindbender. I still refer myself by the Mindbender name. I refused to accept being called Shad."
Mindbender clamped his mouth shut while eyeing the male to find him speaking as he felt his familiar odd sense again "That odd sense is your mind being scanned by a mind walker like I am."
He exhaled a breath hearing the voice sounding in his mind appearing to be from the male who continued blaring "Mind walkers are mostly focused onto one humanoid species here on this world named Terrania with exceptions of other humanoids having that ability. The species who has that ability is dubbed Highlander. I can't say if their the twin species from your world in this world. I am dubbed Teorjer and I come from Edenia a moon world dubbed by that name. Edenia the moon world once you glimpsed the night sky is where she is orbiting the planetary world of Terrania. It is Edenia's word and law that rules Terrania and no one else's."
Mindbender frowned finding Teorjer he assumed he'll refer him adding while speaking his words verbalized he forced to translate the words into his mind as if needing to do it.
He found himself understanding what Teorjer was speaking "This is the language the land nation your are in speaks. Its nation is dubbed by the name of Americania. The natives are ruled by a mute ruler whose title is Sun Lord. He used to rule the planetary world of Terrania entirely till Edenia sent me to here. The Sun Lord was revealed to be Terrania's planetary protector making the natives nervous of him. I told Terrania's natives in their presence that the Sun Lord will only be ruler of Americania and no longer ruler of the planetary world. I did warn the natives that I will take back my words if they didn't treat His Majesty the Sun Lord properly as ruler of Americania. I also warned the natives that there must always be a nation of Americania to keep the peace in Terrania."
Mindbender frowned as Teorjer continued sounding him his mind "I did tell the natives that war isn't the answer but peace is. The natives are slow to get it the words of peace and are still thinking of war at the moment. I believe that the message will take awhile before the natives realize it. You may go now."
He got up as if compelled to walk out of the cell looking behind him to find the door shutting followed by Hades coming into view he feeling his familiar mind scanning sense activated again. Mindbender frowned finding an image of a large metallic object flashing in his mind with an eater light burning from a bowl part of it making him confused to seeing it. 
He spoke finding the image going away and Hades giving off a familiar sound of disgust in Humanoid sound "You a mind walker as Teorjer dubs them?"
Mindbender eyed Hades who spoke he hearing via his mind "Yes but don't talk much about this publicity to people will you? I don't care to talk much about it. The mind walkers have questioned the natives with carefully worded questions who indicate that they won't accept people who have this ability as equals. Instead will outcast them to not have anything to do with them. Just don't talk about this fact to people you hear?"
Mindbender spoke "Then what's with the eater burning in a bowl in my mind?"
He got from Hades who took his arm he not resisting as if compelled to bring him to the elevator to hear on the way "That eater burning in a bowl is of a cauldron a symbol of the Terrania Unity Games to bring peace among athletes to compete in sporting events. It's also the Meritanians' sentient mind walking plants' way of keeping mind walkers out of your mind despite you able to receive talk by hearing me."
He frowned but didn't protest as Hades cut the talk by giving up a growl sounding angry to him and found himself forced into the elevator with the male. He felt the sensation of going up shocking him making him cling to Hades by hands onto the male's arm holding his arm. He kept his clingy grip till the elevator was felt stopping with a jerk he finding a hallway with walls not looking of stone to him. Mindbender frowned following Hades out once the male released his arm and got his hands' grips off. He followed Hades down a hallway spotting doors having male and female figures with Humanoid appearance but had small eyes and points jutting from their ears seen. He found their hairs was always long shoulder length regardless of them male and female while wearing sunny sky colored uniforms he assumed were they. Mindbender found Hades leading him to a door to find the pointed ear male opening it for him after rapping a fist onto it in code he figured from the number of knocks. Mindbender followed Hades inside seeing a male with earth dirt colored skin while seated on something that was soft lengthy chair rubbing a hand appearing to look gloved onto his forehead before looking in his direction with eyes seen sun colored narrowing with suspicion in them.
Mindbender kept his mouth shut as he heard from Hades loudly verbalizing his words "This is Mindbender as he wishes to be called. I found him awake in the coffin room from a coffin. He's not the mute visitor we just saw. I'm not going to say why I was in there. I believe you know why You're Majesty."
Mindbender frowned eyeing the male he figured was the Sun Lord who got up looking him up and down followed by walking up towards him he finding himself having to look down while seeing the male looking up. He found instead of fear in the eyes of natives wasn't fear from the Sun Lord but suspicion.
He heard "Talk now."
Mindbender heard that from Hades blasting in his mind spoke "Greetings, Your Majesty. I'm told that you're the Sun Lord ruler of Americania."
He clamped his mouth shut to frown with his lips while eyeing the Sun Lord who shifted to glare at a guard he figured was the pointed eared male who spoke "Says what do you know of loss of a family member hmm?"
Mindbender spoke figuring that honesty would be the best from memory of the rejection from Anyan's daughter "It's painful when you lose someone you love. I believe it takes too much time to get over the loss."
He clamped his mouth shut while eyeing the Sun Lord who kept on glaring at the guard him hearing "Says Hades what's the purpose of this visitor being here? Don't tempt me to order him executed."
Mindbender gulped hearing that as he continued to hear "Says he reeks of the High Council. I'm told to keep the High Council and their influence out of Terrania. I to do what it takes to see this happen. So explain yourself with this visitor now!"
He kept his eyes onto the Sun Lord he figured was a mind walker as he felt his mind scanned only to hear "The Sun Lord isn't a mind walker. It's his guards who are mind walkers all of the species Highlander actually. He communicates by having his mind scanned and they verbalize his words for him. He's mute actually."
Mindbender frowned hearing the voice sounded familiar to him to hear nothing more as his felt his mind scanning sense quit to focus onto the Sun Lord who he saw was glaring at Hades instead of at his Highlander guard. He frowned as he heard a screaming sound stiffened to see the Sun Lord kneel followed by seeing something plant colored surround the male only to get compelled to kneel which he obeyed to shut his eyes as if compelled. Mindbender saw clearly in his mind a round ball like object reminding him of the balls the kids played with that appeared to have swirly clouds on it including a sky colored area as he saw a large giant rock arrive heading towards the area. He felt fear hitting him to see sunlight rays come from the ball to hit the rock repeatedly shattering it into pieces before quitting its shining. Mindbender found himself tired abruptly but fear gone from him to open his eyes as if drawn finding the image going away. He found himself staring at the Sun Lord giving him a glare before the male got up and glared at a guard.
Mindbender heard "Says Hades the visitor dubbing himself Mindbender lives. I'll be in my room resting. Get Mindbender quarters to live in. He can't stay with me period." 
He frowned to find the Sun Lord stomping away going to a door opening it and slamming it shut with a loud bang vibration sound. Mindbender forced himself to stand up despite feeling himself some tiredness found Hades taking his arm he not resisting and found himself led out of the quarters he assumed was it. He found himself led to the elevator despite he nervous of that thing only to find Hades giving off an angry growl once he dragged his feet. Mindbender didn't say a word allowed Hades to lead him inside the elevator to feel the thing going up a bit making him clingy onto Hades' arm who ignored him. He felt the elevator quit to his relief to find the doors opening followed by Hades pulling him out to hear a loud growling noise sounding sinister. Mindbender looked finding the noise belonged to a male with cloud and night sky smooth clothing that bared fanged teeth making him grimace that gave up hissing sounds. He heard Hades give up hissing sounds followed by leading him to the male who reached out a hand placing it fully onto his chest. Mindbender felt Hades' grip off his arm as he felt pain in his neck along with dizziness in his eyesight as he found the male opening his mouth and putting it onto his neck. He then felt something like two pricks of pain onto his neck along with hearing an odd sound that sounded of sucking to him confusing him. Mindbender hearing hissing sounds from Hades sounding loudly in an angry tone as the male sucked him via the neck before licking the area with a rough tongue felt and thrusting him onto the floor which he shut his eyes feeling himself terribly weak and sleepy felt himself passing out unconscious.

Mindbender came to finding himself lying onto something soft that felt like a bed out of rich material and didn't have the familiar lumps to him. He sighed rolling over only to feel pressure of his clothes and weapons hidden on his form including pressure of his sword pressing onto his front. He ignored the pressure to keep his eyes shut till sunlight blared onto his face he feeling the warmth. Mindbender frowned feeling the sunlight become more blaring to find his eyes opening on their own to stare at the blaring sun. He groaned and rolled over onto his other side back to the sunlight shutting his eyes only to feel pressure of a hand shaking him on the shoulder.
Mindbender spoke firmly "Let me sleep or it'll be worse for you."
He heard a loud roar in response to jerk open his eyes finding the hand's owner belonged to the male that sucked his neck he finding himself terribly hungry from the hunger pains hitting him. 
Mindbender glared at the male to put a hand onto his sword's handle only to hear speaking "You reek of not washed status so get up and do something about it."
He obeyed to get up speaking "Direct me to the bath house where I can clean myself."
Mindbender heard a sound of disgust from the male in response followed by hissing noises he forced himself to translate he finding himself understanding "Where the depths did Hades pull this manoid up from anyway?"
He frowned as the male switched languages and spoke in Americanian he heard "Alright I'll teach you what you need to know involving private rooms dubbed bathroom. So come along while I show you what you need to do."
Mindbender found the male leading him to a door yanking it open to peer inside finding it not familiar and got instructions by the manoid on how to use the bathroom as if was called for hygiene as it was called. He found the male demonstrating to him on how to work the bathroom's facilities the manoid called it including what he was to do to keep himself clean which was a must for manoids. Mindbender didn't say a word in response as the male took leave of him slamming the door which he sighed and stripped himself of his clothes and weapons mostly sword with knifes hidden in his sleeves and boots. He took everything off and once naked got into the shower stall as dubbed by the male to figure out how to adjust the water to his heat toleration levels including manipulating the cold water as if compelled despite the hot water turning on blasting hot. Mindbender proceeded to use the facilities in the bathroom as if was dubbed to come out once clad in his clothes and weapons back onto their hidden spots and sword still belted around his waist. He found the male in the room with arms folded that walked up towards him he finding that they were twin heights. 
He spoke as the male made a sniffing movement "Kindly explain this sucking method you did onto my neck to put me asleep."
Mindbender got the male giving off hisses he translated "Blast Hades!"
Mindbender spoke twin language "Blast Hades for what?"
He got the male quitting his sniffing to speak still hissing away "My species is dubbed Drainer for feeding off bloody essence that flows through manoids a nourishment to survive on. That sucking doing onto your neck was how we feed with a hand touching your chest drinking your blood from within. I admit it we're known for translating many languages for manoids all over Terrania. There's a few languages that aren't translatable for us to translate. Your blood when I tasted it is of various Humanoids including Drainer hence you able to translate what I'm saying easily."
Mindbender kept his mouth shut as the Drainer he figured he'll refer him spoke "The name is Thad as my name for referring me. When two Drainers meet after not being around for three suns if you get it the term suns must speak their name or find themselves unable to talk on anything. Speaking names is Drainer greeting and gives them the ability to talk and translate languages. Without that name spoken bit the Drainer is left mindless like a gonoid. I suspect that you have that ability actually. It's proven to happen among manoids who aren't Drainers but have slight Drainer abilities such as translating languages. It's something Hades has but has to do that name greeting. Excuse me while I show you out of this room to where you're to eat including the proper way of taking in nourishment for manoids like you in question."
Mindbender didn't say a word towards the Drainer in Americanian despite the language used to follow Thad to the bedroom's door to pause to find an eyeball like creature sitting on the window still from outside making him stare warily.
He found Thad growling off his right who spoke "That's a plant dubbed Waker. Their job is to see that manoids are up from a sleeping status by removing what's blocking the sunlight dubbed by the name of window blinds. The sunlight shines through the window as it's called and blares onto manoids waking them up."
Mindbender exhaled a breath and didn't comment a response followed Thad to the eating table finding the Drainer dub it "Dining table."
He found a chair to sit in it smelling something that made his stomach rumble in response to find Thad teaching him how to use a fork, a knife and a spoon onto a tray on the table holding various dishware as it was called for holding food nourishment in it including a cup for holding drinks. Mindbender found himself terribly hungry gobbled up the food making sure he used the proper utensils as it was called for it in slow manner making him annoyed. He felt the food tasted delicious and seemed better than anything he tasted before. Mindbender once done with the food gulped down the cups' liquid with a hand holding onto them finding himself terribly thirsty. 
He gave up a noise to his shock and got whacked on the back of his head finding Thad speaking "Say excuse me for giving off that rude noise. I despise hearing it from you manoids. It's disgusting."
Mindbender cleared his throat and spoke firmly "Excuse me."
He added "Something I should be doing around here?"
Mindbender heard a loud noise of an alarm got up pulling out his sword while looking around to get Thad groaning displaying a frown. 
He frowned while putting his sword back into the scabbard to get Thad speaking "Let me show you what your hearing."
Mindbender frowned and found Thad led him to a window of the dining table next to it in the wall to find the sun going away in a fast move with clouds of a peaceful color. He frowned eyeing out the window as multiple clouds in pieces he recognized as King Winter's cold angry mood storm came falling from the clouds in a fast move.
He spoke "King Winter lives here? That's his angry mood storming outside."
He eyed Thad who spoke "Well King Winter isn't causing this ridiculous storm outside actually. Teorjer told the Americanians that King Winter isn't responsible for this storm. He did warn that the storm is common in this area of Americania that is known for cold storms actually to hit the city. Just before they hit the Guardian who's noise you heard by your actions sounds the alarm telling natives to get indoors immediately. The storm hits usually bringing death to manoids. That despite medical advances to try to bring manoids back from death which none of their methods has worked so far. They only have worked on transferring organs from death of manoids caught in it to survive in another manoid whose organ was suffering some medical ailment."
He frowned hearing that as Thad continued "That organ transfer was what happened to the Mistress the mate of the Sun Lord who suffered a medial ailment with her beater organ. I'm not even sure of why her life wound up cut short enough to surrender to death. She was rumored to live very long outliving various family members. I suspect that her living was a lesson to His Majesty on moving on from his female he had before her previously. He seemed to take the Mistress's death very well instead of acting very upset from what I've seen of him."
Mindbender frowned to hear a door knocking sound to shift towards the direction of the quarters' entrance to find a Highlander walking inside followed by the Sun Lord with suspicion still in his eyes making him gulp. He found the Sun Lord making hand gestures he finding himself struggling to get it what the male was signing about he figuring it was hand language. Mindbender frowned eyeing Thad who made hand gestures towards the Sun Lord to find them both into an intense hand language gesture rapid paced back and forth making him look away to resume glaring out the window finding the cold storm quit followed by the sun shining brightly appearing from the clouds. 
He felt a tap onto his shoulder as he stood sideways from the window to find Thad was the hand's owner who spoke "You do or you don't get it the hand language talk His Majesty and I were conversing in?"
He spoke noticing the Sun Lord still in the room "No I don't get it the hand language. I'm willing to learn."
Mindbender clamped his mouth shut while folding his arms only to find Thad grabbing a hold of his gloved hand and forming a sign with it while proceeding to teach him what was called the alphabet as the language dubbed sign language was called. He found Thad during the teaching got him to finger spell his name of Mindbender he finger spelled expertly towards the Sun Lord as insisted by the Drainer to do it. 
He found the Sun Lord finger spelling words he read "What kind of name is Mindbender anyway?"
Mindbender spoke "It's just a name I've called myself -"
He felt a hand clamp over his mouth interrupting him to find Thad teaching him the sign language for his words to sign them towards the Sun Lord. 
Mindbender frowned while eyeing the Sun Lord who signed words he finding himself understanding abruptly "Where did Hades pull this Mindbender from? Hades claims when questioned that he got him from the coffin room from some waken up status. Mindbender sounds like a name for mind walking abilities despite Hades claiming he can receive mind talk but can't do anything mind walking wise."
He formed a glare to notice Thad signing words he getting it "Hades is being weird as usual. Why do you keep him around? He's a weirdo as the Humans say when it comes to someone crazy."
Mindbender formed a glare glared at the Sun Lord to find the ruler putting hands fisted onto his sides and glaring at a Highlander who spoke "Says Hades forgot to mention that this Mindbender can get it languages like you said. He appears to get it our talk in signs. So talk on what you detected from Mindbender when you tasted his blood. I saw that sucking of yours via recorders shown to me from the guards. It happened another time after I took my rest."
Mindbender frowned to eye Thad who spoke "He's got various Humanoids in his blood I recognized Human among them including Drainer blood. He appears to have the ability to translate languages which he did that in front of me when I used a foreign language in front of him. He spoke that language I used very perfectly. I suspect that he like any Drainer hybrid might have to speak his name towards any new Drainers in greeting. Can't say what name he'll use when he does the greeting in question. I admit it I never thought of myself using the name of Thad till I spoke it in front of a Drainer for the first time in a greeting. The name of Thad sort of stuck whether I liked it or not."
He frowned forming the expression on his face while eyeing the Sun Lord who kept on glaring at a Highlander to hear "Says come along Mindbender and Thad. I might as well introduce you to the other batteries to my planetary protection powers. You, Mindbender proved to be a battery yourself by the looks of you indicating it."
He got Thad giving off a loud roar while making a fist waving gesture while stomping his feet to glare at the Drainer who cut his noises before appearing to compose himself. 
Mindbender glared at Thad to hear "Says oops forgot that you Thad are a battery who doesn't like being reminded of that fact. Despite you a descendant of a battery who was a part of triplets with twin faces."
He frowned finding Thad not commenting a response instead gave him a glare which he looked away to find the Sun Lord gesturing him to follow. 
Mindbender obeyed following the Sun Lord out of the quarters to down the hallway he hearing Thad hissing "This sucks."
He frowned to what Thad was mumbling about to find the Sun Lord stopping in front of a door to find one of the Sun Lord's guard rapping a fist onto it in code of knocks he finding the door opening to show Hades that appeared to stare at the ruler for a bit.
He recalled Hades being a mind walker to find the Drainer speaking "Yes. I get it your talk on the battery issue. Poor Thad is still throwing hissy fits again?"
He heard in response "I'm not hissy!"
Mindbender frowned hearing Thad using the hissing language to find Hades ignoring the Drainer to step aside gesturing "Come in."
He followed the Sun Lord into the quarters to find it appearing to look like a gonoid's mess to him to find a feminine form wearing all night colored clothing with night colored long hair asleep in a nest of something lumpy to him and looking more interested in sleeping than waking up to greet them. 
Mindbender kept his mouth shut while eyeing Hades as if needing to do it to find the Drainer speaking "This is Ralia a battery also a descendant of a battery. Excuse the mess but it's just to help her cope with not able to sleep in the ocean in her Orca form."
He frowned as he continued to hear from Hades "I've done what I can to keep her comfortable here."
He heard a loud hiss sounding in a feminine voice tone he figured was from Ralia kept his mouth shut in response. Mindbender didn't say a word as the Sun Lord walked out he following with Thad and guards to hear the door slam shut with a bang sound he assumed was Hades slamming it shut. 
He kept his mouth shut as he heard "Why can't Hades admit that he's a battery too instead of blaming it onto his female Ralia or whatever her name?"
Mindbender frowned hearing Thad's comment eyed the Drainer to find the male had a look of disapproval on his face as he followed the Sun Lord into the elevator. He followed with Thad staying in the elevator to his confusion but ordered to follow by the Drainer in sign language. 
Mindbender followed till the Sun Lord halted and gave him a glare before glaring at a guard he hearing "Says have this battery cover his face entirely with something. I don't want to see his face period or be reminded that he's a servant of the High Council."
He felt his mood plummet as he glared at the Sun Lord who noticed his glare resumed glaring at a guard to find the male instead of speaking the Sun Lord's words was glaring at the ruler in response. He rubbed his cheek where Anyan cut him via knife scarring the area he feeling his mood plummet further till a clapping noise interrupted his reverie. Mindbender eyed a guard to find the Sun Lord walking away further into the hallway with guards following the ruler the Highlander blocking his way of following.
He gave the guard a glare to find the male blasting in his mind "I managed to talk His Majesty out of having you wear coverage for your face. So get yourself into the elevator now as a thank you for that. You'll find Thad inside with orders for you to do so do it now."
He obeyed to get into the elevator to find Thad's hand onto his neck he glared at the Drainer's Human like face that was baring fanged teeth onto him in some sneering hissing glaring look. Mindbender glared in response as Thad without a word removed his hand off his throat and got a hold of his arm followed by getting him out of the elevator into the headquarters' entrance room he figured he'll refer it. Mindbender found a female with a mask covering her face from the nose down while wearing Drainer like clothes on her form that highlighted her figure standing in the room with arms folded. He eyed the female warily to feel compelled to remove his gloves which he obeyed finding himself jerking while walking towards the female who raised her hands up as if drawn. He jerked as his bare hands touched her hands feeling smooth and warm to the feel as he felt a charge of pleasure from the touch. 
Mindbender didn't say a word hugged the female as if compelled to find himself no longer thinking only to hear "Say your name now."
He opened his mouth and blurted "Adam."
He heard "Mindy."
It sounded from the female he was hugging as he eyed her finding her height was twin to his height. 
Mindbender felt himself annoyed with blurting the odd sounding name of Adam as he eyed Mindy who spoke "Well your not bad looking anyway."
He heard hysterical laughter from behind let go of Mindy to find Thad holding his gloves which he got tossed and put on still laughing while he was glaring at the Drainer. 
He glared to find Mindy got her hand onto his chin and heard from her "Aren't you going to invite me inside to where you're sleeping hmm?"
Mindbender didn't say a word towards Thad took Mindy's hand and went to an elevator finding the doors opening showing the Sun Lord inside with guards the ruler wearing a mask covering his head entirely. He kept his mouth shut as the Sun Lord gestured for him and Mindy to get inside which he obeyed finding the ruler not saying a word towards the both of them. He felt the elevator go down to his confusion making him annoyed to show the familiar dungeon again. 
Mindbender glared at the Sun Lord finding Mindy speaking "Yes I know every visitor to here has to see Teorjer period. Excuse me."
He watched Mindy walk out of the elevator to find the doors shutting and felt the thing going up followed by showing the entrance room he finding Thad walking inside to give off a Hmph sound. Mindbender kept his mouth shut as Thad gave off hysterical laughter again he glared at the Drainer to get clapping noises from the Sun Lord.
He glared at Thad who jabbed a finger aimed at him and spoke "His name is Adam when he said it towards the new visitor. It's a funny name anyway."
He kept the glare while glaring at Thad who noticed his glare appeared to gulp before hearing "Says I don't want to hear jokes involving people and their names. I'm still smarting from people calling me Eric instead of my titled name of Sun Lord. Quit the jokes now!"
Mindbender spoke as if compelled "I called myself Mindbender as my titled name."
He clamped his mouth shut feeling himself annoyed with what he blurt as he eyed the Sun Lord to find the ruler was glaring at a guard who spoke "Says Mindbender will be your title as I'll refer you. Just refer me as Your Majesty when it involves the Sun Lord title and no other name."
Mindbender frowned getting the Sun Lord throwing up his hands in some surrender gesture before folding his arms and looking away from a guard as he felt the elevator went down to his relief. He found Mindy admitted inside who took his hand in a gentle grip. He kept his mouth shut hearing silence from the guards in response to feel the elevator going up followed by the entrance's room in sight.
Mindbender frowned as he eyed the Sun Lord to find a guard speaking while eyeing him "Mindy as she's called will show you where to go now."
He obeyed to follow her out of the elevator into the entrance's room to find her walking out pulling his arm out of the building he looking around while fast walking. He saw the sun shining in the sky blaring brightly overhead as Mindy kept her hand hold onto his arm becoming ironclad to his annoyance. Mindbender eyed the people finding that they were Human and Drainer including other species he wasn't sure of what they were despite looking Human like to him. He frowned as Mindy got him into a place having a medical symbol on its walls to meet a manoid having sticks jutting from the top of his head that perked up seeing him while having beady night sky eyes narrowed into a glare. He frowned feeling himself annoyed at Mindy for bringing him to a healer as she was heard speaking gibberish he finding her not making sense followed by feeling mist blown into his face and he felt himself coughing repeatedly till he fell unconscious. 

He woke up with confusion running through him finding a male standing over him while he was lying on a hard ground. He eyed the male warily to find he didn't have a face instead only had orbs for the eyes to his confusion.
He heard voices speaking unsure if it was his ears or mind "I refuse! He's one of them!"
He frown as an image flashed in his mind he confused to see as he eyed the male and got up in an acrobatic move as if he had muscle memory. 
He frowned hearing the voice sounding male blaring as he continued to hear "Keep the argument out of my head now! Just argue among yourselves and leave me out it!"
He frowned further finding the voice sounded familiar to focus onto the no faced male to speak blurting to his shock "Hades."
He felt confusion to the word as he heard "Come with me now."
He stared at the male that gently took his arm and pulled him into a direction which he followed finding them both in a vast room containing boxes in rectangular shapes to his confusion. He found the boxes had figures in them that were still to his shock as the male led him out of the room to a hallway looking odd to him. He found the male led the way to a small room containing males inside that had small eyes and pointed ears wearing uniforms. 
He blurt "Highlanders."
He felt confusion hitting him as the male got him inside the small room followed by a bang sound of something blocked the way of the hallway. 
He spoke "Elevator."
He heard Hmph sounds from the male he dubbed Hades to find the elevator he figured as it was called going up in some floating movement he not surprised to feel. He didn't say a word as Hades kept a hold of his arm and then got him out of the elevator as he heard a familiar sound of a siren sounding faint. 
He found the uniformed males shutting a large door in the wall as he heard "You might want to restore his memories, Tank."
"Tank's a Meritanian?" He spoke while adding "Merra?"
He heard the confusion of his voice tone found the male with the odd face holding his wrists together and putting a hand covering his mouth. 
He stiffened as he heard "You'll be screaming once you remember."
He kept on stiffening from the voice that sounded familiar to him only to grunt as a terrible headache arrived to his head he jerking while in Hades' hand grips from memories spilling within his mind. He recalled his name was Tom aka Mindbender servant of the High Council sent to Shadan's past via travel gate that was fixed up. It was for him to act like Shad the first declared Annoyov Human, First One to serve the group. Tom grunted from the memories spilling into his mind with annoyance taking hold as he felt his mind continued to be scanned. He continued to remember fully that he went through the travel gate without any clothes on. Tom recalled grimacing he was found by Lance Richard wearing masked High Council servant wear that called him Shad despite no memory of who he was fully in mind. Tom recalled Lance Richard got him and himself an exchange of clothes followed by taking over the places of two males dubbing themselves Anyan and Shad that were already twins to their appearance. He recalled that both males Anyan and Shad were found in a field with fatal sword wounds on them as there were two horses grazing nearby to indicate both men had a fight to the death duel. Tom continued to recall fully that Lance Richard seemingly acting like he knew who he was and who the males was despite he clueless got them both to wear the clothes of the dead males and buried them into the ground before getting onto the horses and let the gonoids had their head. He kept on recalling Shad's memories with disgust running through him as Hades he saw removed his hand off his mouth and wrists. Tom didn't say a word towards Hades instead felt annoyance take hold.
He recalled Barry approached him in the barroom "I want you in my quarters for a private talk."
He obeyed to follow Barry into the male's quarters to find him questioning what he knew of Shad's life. 
Tom stiffened recalling what he said in response to Barry's questions "I and Shad are the same person."
He recalled the Berserker willed it forwards hearing nothing from Hades as he ran fingers through his long hair feeling himself annoyed with the High Council and their latest mission. He felt disgust take hold didn't say a word as he rubbed his head while yanking onto the strands in tearing moves he feeling his mood bad again. 
Tom felt his mind scanned to recalled the names of Tank and Merra to mentally speak "Ramses had a hissy fit after he transported you, Merra off Shadan."
He felt his mind scanned in response to continue on mentally speaking "Erra and Terra threw a hissy fit against Ramses for that transportation of Merra off Shadan. Something I'm not sure what got them working again this time playing jokes onto the High Council. A servant was roped into helping the High Council into counterattack the Meritanians' jokey behavior."
He kept his mind blank in response to hear "Interesting. Anything else you're not admitting?"
He sighed recognizing Tank's familiar voice mentally spoke in response "A Wiser for some reason did some manipulating and got two extra Meritanians to live where the both of you were formerly living in the ocean. Their names are Walls for male-"
Tom was interrupted "Kiddy for female. Yeah we know who those two are from your mind. Their offsprings of Merra and I our first offsprings actually. The both of them managed to grow enough to live in the ocean hence that Wiser putting them there. Anything else?"
Tom heard Tank's voice had the edge in his voice tone sounding like the Meritanian wasn't going to fully say his thought. He mentally spoke in response after willing aside the Berserker the exact reason why he was clad in his clothes including mentioning being manipulated by the High Council to go through a travel gate for that. 
He added talking about the memories of what he forgot and added "I don't understand how I could have forgotten myself when I went through. Lance Richard went through and appeared to know who he was fully despite I not."
Tom frowned to hear in response "Excuse me while I transport you someplace."
He found himself transported into a metallic hallway while hearing alarms sounding with red lights flashing. It made him yank out his sword out of habit which he put away and put his hands up while hearing multiple ahem sounds behind him. Tom turned around to find Anubis and Falcons facing him that grabbed his arms and without a word pushed and pulled him not resisting further down the hallway. He found the three led him to a room he saw wasn't of the High Council's throne room instead appeared to hold various Highlanders in it working at consoles to notice a High Council member seated in the middle of the room. Tom kept his mouth shut as he was hauled towards the High Council member and forced to kneel in front of the Highlander he assumed was a male. He kept his mouth into a thin line as the Highlander held up a gnarled bony hand making him confused to see and placed it onto his forehead he grimacing from his mind scanned. Tom sensed nothing to indicate the Meritanians fully in his mind as the mind scanning seemed lengthy to his annoyance. He kept the glare while feeling the Falcons' grips onto him remain ironclad. Tom kept his mouth into a thin line as the mind scanning seemed lengthy then quit by the Highlander removing his hand in some hot water move and hearing a gasp sound. He kept the glare as the Highlander resumed placing his hand onto his forehead and kept up the mind scanning. He heard multiple gasping from the Highlander making him annoyed. 
Tom felt annoyance take hold as the Highlander quit his gasping to hear loudly "He came from Shadan from the High Council!"
He exhaled a breath hearing the Highlander's voice as he continued to hear "Interesting what does the High Council say about Terrania this time?"
Tom frowned finding the voice sounded different and not of the Highlander this time in a feminine voice. He found the Highlander kept on mind scanning him he kept the glare he hearing Sinister roaring within the back of his mind. He kept the glare as the Highlander removed his hand and made a shooing gesture. 
Tom found Anubis and Falcons hauling him up into a standing position followed by hearing "Orders to do with this assassin?"
He heard sounded of Anubis's loud whisper to hear loudly "Just bring him to me now!"
Tom heard the feminine voice sounding alien to him to frown finding Anubis and Falcons got him out of the room to push and pull him further down a maze or corridors meeting no one on the way. He found the three got him into a room that suspiciously reminded him Seventy's room from Rakcara where Seventy was doing was spending time typing to the computer. He got forced to kneel to glare at the projection screen in front of him that showed colors to his annoyance in a mirage of rainbows. 
He kept the glare as the voice he figured was of a Highlander female hooked up was heard again "Interesting that this assassin is dressed inappropriately for meeting me on Terrania. Talk assassin on what's your assassin name by the High Council."
Tom obeyed to speak firmly "It's Mindbender."
He heard in response "Computing."
Tom frowned hearing the voice sounded feminine and electronic tones as there were multiple beeping noises heard followed by hearing "Mindbender found one hundred percent match."
He kept his mouth into a thin line hearing the voice to glare at the projection to find the Highlander female speaking "Dump this servant onto the Sun Lord to have responsibility for."
He found Anubis and Falcons released him to find himself kneeling on metallic floor that resembled stone while hearing gun cocking sounds sounding in the room. Tom raised his head while raising his hands in a surrender gesture he finding himself surrounded by Highlanders wearing familiar uniforms of blue colors. He didn't comment a response to his mind scanned abruptly only to find two of the Highlanders in front of him putting away their guns and going up to him one tapping him on the shoulder and making a come gesture. Tom obeyed to follow the Highlanders he noticing a symbol for the United States' flag on the wall to his confusion. He didn't comment a response as the Highlanders got him to follow them into an elevator which he folded his arms and waited as the elevator was felt going down followed by showing the familiar dungeon like area dripping of water from memory of it. Tom kept his mouth shut as the Highlanders led the way to an open doorway he seeing no one inside the room as he walked into it. He heard a bang sound behind him to spin around yanking out his sword out of habit to find the room's door had slammed shut behind him. Tom felt annoyance take hold in response put away the sword and felt his familiar filming sense hitting him to look around the room to spot a camera dome in the ceiling and spotted a small Meritanian sized plant in the corner. He felt compelled to walk to the bare corner of the room and sit down as he eyed the plant warily he figured was one of Merra and Tank's offsprings. He sat down and felt himself urged to shut his eyes he yawned abruptly from the tiredness hitting him. He felt himself passing out unconscious.

Tom came to hearing a banging sound to jerk open his eyes he finding the door to the room was open and found four Highlanders in the room wearing the familiar uniforms. One seen banging his gun weapon onto the door in a loud moves. He got up as the Highlanders thrust their guns aimed at him he kept his arms folded and eyed the middle of them to his shock to see a male figure standing there. Tom found the figure was entirely wearing black clothes that was twin to Jason's clothes but this time had a head cover mask that only showed eye plates of golden eyes seen that appeared to look Human and were narrowed with a glare in them. He kept his mouth shut waiting for the male figure he wasn't sure who he was. 
He frowned as the male looked at a Highlander and heard "Says state your name now stranger."
Tom exhaled a breath hearing that from the Highlander inhaled and spoke "Mindbender."
He felt himself annoyed with what he said despite his name was Tom. 
Tom kept the frown while staring at the covered up male to again hear from the Highlander "Says why did the Shonsurrans dump you onto us hmm?"
He spoke firmly recalling the truth was the best on what he heard and eavesdropped from the Shonsurrans he assumed were the members of the High Council living in Terrania the planetary world he was on. 
Tom kept his mouth into a thin line to hear "Says interesting but what do you know of Terrania and their views towards the High Council in question?"
He spoke firmly "I get the impression that the High Council is seen in a bad way. I don't care to serve that group on Terrania as long as I return to the world I came from."
He clamped his mouth shut into a thin line finding the Highlander speaking "This is His Majesty the Sun Lord ruler of Terrania who protects the planetary world with his powers from disaster destruction."
Tom didn't say a word in response felt a compulsion to get onto one knee and didn't say a word as he obeyed. He eyed the Sun Lord he figured was the male wearing black clothing to find himself urged to bring his other knee onto the ground. Tom frowned as the Sun Lord kneeled abruptly to see a ring of watery green water surround the male as the Highlanders gathered around backed away with nervousness seen. He felt a compulsion to shut his eyes obeyed while willing forwards the Berserker hearing gasps sounds. He ignored the gasping to focus onto a machinery's point of view showing a satellite orbiting Terrania. He spotted an asteroid making a collusion course towards the planet he glimpsed was entirely of water with multiple islands. Tom continued to watch via his mind as there were lasers arriving from the planet to hit the asteroid into multiple pieces till nothing but dirt remained. He felt himself exhausted abruptly to open his eyes willing aside the Berserker to find the Sun Lord was standing in the room surrounded by guards. He frowned eyeing the Sun Lord to realize with a start that his mind was altered for him to view a scene from a mind walker he figured was from the Meritanian plant in the room. Tom eyed the Sun Lord who appeared to be studying him by Human golden eyes seen narrowing as if focusing onto his face. He met the Sun Lord's eyes without fear in them despite noticing the Highlanders had fear expressions in their eyes darting from him to the Sun Lord. Tom frowned forming it on his lips as he found the Sun Lord looking away to stare at a Highlander. 
He heard "Says get him out of the brig to the hospital where he can get checked out immediately."
Tom didn't comment a response as two of the guards walked up towards him and made gestures to come which he obeyed to follow them out of the jail cell into the familiar hallway to the elevator. He found guards inside that appeared to look at him nervously. Tom ignored their nervous expressions to find the guards getting him into the lobby of the building and found Hades there blocking his way of compelled walking towards the door entrance. 
Tom grunted an annoyed sound as Hades thrust a finger onto his chest and spoke "You're not going anywhere Mindbender."
He removed Hades' finger off his chest to find Hades was again touching him this time fingers onto his neck. 
Tom spoke firmly "I know you're a Drainer that drinks bloody essence in manoids' bodies. Spare bothering my neck with your hand and get this biting over with."
He gave Hades a glare in response to hear from the Drainer in response "Alright since you said it."
Tom didn't protest as Hades proceeded to get him into a lock hold and had managed to bite his neck he grimacing from the biting. He kept on grimacing as Hades sucked his blood he hearing an Argh sound followed by the Drainer licking the bite wound clothes and pushing him onto the floor. Tom sat on the floor feeling himself dizzy and forced himself to stare at the metallic floor willing aside the dizziness. He kept on staring at the floor as Hades was heard giving off another Argh sound. He heard silence from Hades to find the Drainer was staring at a Highlander he figured was mind scanning the male's mind. He got up once the dizziness spell passed and folded his arms to frown feeling his feet refused to budge from their standing position. He kept his arms folded feeling annoyance take hold. Tom waited as Hades quit the Argh to focus onto him he finding the Berserker side thrown in abruptly. 
Tom heard as the Berserker took control "Why are you displaying that odd side of yours despite me mentally communicating towards you hmm?"
He mentally willed aside the Berserker and spoke loudly "Mind walkers giving me mind talk will always trigger what I dub Berserker to come out. It doesn't work with plants like Meritanians. I can't say if that would work with the Meritanians' offsprings."
He clamped his mouth shut into a thin line to hear a growl from Hades to glare at the Drainer as he heard via his ears "Aw get yourself to the hospital and get yourself checked out now."
Tom spoke firmly "I don't know where that is in this city whatever name it is."
He clamped his mouth shut to hear a bang sound of a door to find two Drainers giving him teeth baring glares coming into view via entrance to the room marched up to him. Tom frowned as the Drainers grabbed a hold of his arms and pulled and pushed him out of the building into the blaring sunlight he looking around at the city that reminded him of New York City. He found crosswalk lights flashing symbols in vicinity as the Drainers got him down the steps of the building and into the street ignoring the lumbering car vehicles as in getting into the way of them. Tom frowned finding stoplights blaring colors to find the traffic of vehicles was controlled by a Highlander standing in the middle of the road making gestures towards vehicles to move and stop. Tom gave up an Hmph sound as the Drainers got him walking through the city he found was twin to New York City from the looks of it. He found multiple manoids that appeared to have Human like appearances but this time had odd hair colors and was wearing odd fashions. Tom frowned as the Drainers got him further into the city he noticing multiple Drainers wandering around that gave him glares when they caught him eyeing them. He frowned as the Drainers got him further down the street to reach a familiar building that resembled a hospital from the looks of it to get inside. He found the Drainers got him into a hallway to forced him to kneel. He kneeled and waited seemingly lengthy as a manoid with sticks jutting from the head perked up seeing him he spotted had black beady eyes and wings of a Gate Keeper aka monarch butterfly sticking out of his back. Tom frowned as the Drainers spoke gibberish towards the Gate Keeper he assumed was the species and didn't protest as they got him to stand. He found himself pushed and pulled to follow the Gate Keeper further into the hospital to notice it resembled a Human's hospital he spotted equipment sitting forlorn and not in use. Tom frowned as the Drainers got him into an elevator that went up seemingly lengthy followed by thrust out. He walked out with the Drainers thrusting him to a door finding the Gate Keeper stepping aside holding a syringe which he found was injected into his neck he feeling himself sleepy felt himself passing out unconscious.

Tom woke up with memories of Mindbender fully in his mind he feeling confused to why he wasn't clad in his clothes while lying naked on the bed. He felt restraints holding him in place jerked open his eyes once he felt needles sticking into his form giving him pain. Tom found masked Gate Keepers injecting needles all over his front and not sparing his sensitive part to his annoyance. He gave the Gate Keepers a glare in response as he felt a familiar vibration coming from the needles in his skin from the injection site. Tom didn't say a word as he felt compelled to will forwards the Berserker obeyed despite finding the needles remained attached to him. Tom frowned as the vibration seemed lengthy then quit followed by compelled to will aside the Berserker. He obeyed to find himself sleepy shut his eyes only to wake them when he felt an itchy feeling on his neck. Tom found himself lying in bed clad only in a dress that felt like a too short hospital gown as he felt his neck continued to itch. He irritate brought a hand to the area to feel fingers of a Drainer to glare at a familiar female Drainer he recognized from Mindbender's memories was dubbed Mindy. He kept the glare aimed at Mindy as she spoke gibberish as she quit touching his neck. Tom found himself able to translate the gibberish she spoken he recognized as one of the hissing languages of Rakcara spoken in Human's English wording term. 
He found her saying "Anything on this Adam as he calls himself?"
Tom frowned to recall it was the name he called himself after meeting Mindy despite his name was something else. 
He kept his mouth into a thin line finding a Gate Keeper joining Mindy in view and speaking "Adam is a very unusual for a Human. The size of him indicates his unusual form. He has some kind of alien form hidden within his body that he can at will bring it out. It's oddly triggered by mind walkers mentally speaking to him."
Tom found the Gate Keeper this time had golden eyes of a Human and not the beady black eyes as he focused onto Mindy as if compelled. He frowned as Mindy forced his eyes shut in response he finding himself passing out unconscious to come to hearing a roaring noise sounding in his ear. He jerked open his eyes finding Mindy gone along with the golden eyed Gate Keeper to find his familiar two Drainer escorts giving him tooth baring glares. 
One of the Drainers spoke "About time you woke up."
Tom frowned hearing the language was Basic as the Drainers got him out of bed and thrust him his familiar clothes and weapons he put on expertly while  noticing them staring at him unblinkingly. Tom ignored the staring as he felt himself relieved to have his weapons and clothes back onto his form as the Drainers grabbed his arms and pulled and pushed him to an elevator. He wound up inside being dropped from the Drainers' hands' holds to fall down in a lengthy time period to his confusion. He felt confusion to why he was dreaming himself as Mindbender and Tom back and forth within his mind as he fell into a pool of water with a loud splash-

Eric felt annoyance take hold interrupting the signing story to mentally yell "Damn you Meritanians for this jokey status!"
He heard snickering like laughter sounding in his mind in response followed by hearing "I'm not Walls and Kiddy but Merra living in this part of planet in some nation called Ireland. It's where the Highlanders or Elves have hidden themselves. Not in Great Britain as you thought."
Eric exhaled a breath forcing himself to calm despite the voice sounding Meritanian sounded twin to Merra only to hear "Mother talked to you didn't she, Eric? I can sense her speaking to you, like anyone I sense in front of me talked to."
He focused onto Raisa finding her giving him a glare as he noticed Niyan was appearing to be conked out unconscious. 
Eric signed in response "Merra did talk to me. She admits she's in Ireland where the Elves are hiding. What's up with that while her form is calling herself Kiddy on the ocean?"
He frowned folding his arms to get Raisa mouthing in response "Mother asked the Wisers to transport pieces of herself from the ocean to Canada, formerly the nation of Americania and to Ireland, formerly the nation of Shonsurra. It's so she can keep her former personality of being Merra. Meritanians evolve personality wise enough to think of being someone else. Hence this Merra on the ocean thinking herself named as Kiddy, offspring as Merra herself and from what Mother tells me, busy playing jokes onto Highlanders in Australia, formerly Oceana."
Eric frowned as he eyed Niyan to hear from Merra "I put him down asleep since its bedtime for him."
He mentally spoke "Merra can't you do something about his screaming hissy fits he keeps waking up to run out of the apartment into the hallway disturbing the neighbors?"
Eric felt Raisa's hand onto his knee finding her giving him a glare as he sensed Merra quit scanning him.
He signed his words "I was asking Merra to do something about our son's screaming fits he keeps on having including asking her to do something about him leaving our apartment to run in the hallway disturbing the neighbors. I keep getting talk from the neighbors thinking I'm not also mute but deaf with no hearing that Niyan has some mental disorder problem. Mostly related to him screaming in the hallway hence they call his disorder Autism to my annoyance."
He frowned folding his arms to get from Raisa mouthing in response "Just put Niyan to bed in his big boy bed. Mother means it when she says she knocked him out. Means she really did solve that problem your stupidity asking her."
Eric rolled his eyes in response and without a word towards Raisa picked up Niyan who remained passed out and carried his son into the other bedroom. He wound up putting Niyan down onto the bed and adjusted the blanket to cover his son as he spied out the window with shade up the old rocky moon shining with city lights. He yanked down the shade finding it remained down to his satisfaction despite Wakers, eyeball plants doing it mentally to wake people up. Eric exhaled a breath and went to sit in the rocking chair in the room while eyeing Niyan.
He felt his mind scanned to hear "Shouldn't you be with Raisa? Yes, I did solve that problem of Niyan's screaming hissy fits as you call it."
Eric exhaled another breath hearing Merra's voice spoken in his mind including feeling the headache go away. He got up and went to the door of Niyan's bedroom. Eric shut the door gently and went into his bedroom with Raisa. He found she had managed to turn on the lamp and had an e-reader device in her hands she appearing to be reading with a disgust expression on her face. 
Eric went to the electronic device plug in only to hear "Don't you dare wear that thing again in bed, Ricky."
He gave Raisa a glare while folding his arms finding she was the one who spoke it including his hated nickname of Ricky. Eric glared in response as Raisa ignored him and appeared to be further glaring at the e-reader device. He rolled his eyes and went to the bed to lie down face first intending to sleep.
Eric heard "Ricky, do something about that cell phone of yours beeping out an email on the dresser. It's annoying."
He rubbed hands through his hair in response and got up going to the dresser holding his cell phone a small e-reader device that was beeping noisily. He picked up the device to notice an email from Kossman. Eric felt a compulsion to read the email which he obeyed despite annoyed with Merra for manipulating him.
He read "You didn't tell Raisa the whole story involving your reaction to Niya's passing."
Eric glared at the ceiling finding the Tennan was making a claw gesture followed by a foot appearing to look booties shaking at him.
He looked away to glare at Raisa with annoyance running through him as he got another email he saw said "Kossman gave me his e-reader device to use, Ricky. He didn't trust the Elves to find his home base location in Great Britain. They weren't able to read his mind. Merra blocked them actually and compelled them to kill him. His death triggered the satellite's to signal marking their location in Ireland. Mother wants them out permanently hence she using Kossman as bait to a trap to get them out."
Eric put down his e-reader device onto the top of the dresser and plugged it in. He clapped his hands getting Raisa looking at him with a glare.
Eric signed "Yes, I got your email via Kossman's device. When did Kossman find time to give you his e-reader anyway?"
He formed a glare only to get her pulling out a thin size disk from the e-reader and speaking "It's his files he sent me via mail service as a package hidden as a fit bit bracelet. His email address was included too so I can handle it."
Eric frowned but didn't comment a response went back to the bed, falling face first onto it. He shut his eyes only to feel Raisa's movements of her putting the e-reader onto the dresser next to the bed. This was followed by her shaking him via hand onto his shoulder.
He heard "You didn't answer my question related to you reacting to Niya's death. So talk on that Ricky."
Eric rolled over to face the ceiling finding the Tennan was again making a familiar gesture as Raisa's hand was onto his shoulder again.
"Ignore that bug on the ceiling." He heard from her who added "Just talk now, Eric Kossman Zesky."
Eric forced himself to sign the words towards Raisa despite feeling pained from it.

Eric in headquarters is alerted by Jiana in the quarters with Niya of a broadcast which he sees with Niya sitting next to him on the couch. Eric is still unable to translate the foreign language talk in Americanian language as Jiana translates. The broadcast shows a person wearing medical scrubs in front of a microphone stand standing while speaking words. Their talking about a newly discovered medical condition called body age breakdown which the hospital is calling it “Brianna’s Breakdown Syndrome” or B.D.S. They mentioned that Oceana mysteriously gave them recordings of the Sun Lord accompanied by a female identified as Brianna, the Sun Lord’s first mate showing her appearance being altered along with her passing away. Eric feels a little upset hearing that as the broadcaster continues to speak that their saying that Brianna’s changing appearance they discovered hit other people and other races just prior to death which they gave it the name and after Brianna herself for being a newly discovered medical condition. He listens that the condition doesn't just affects Humans but others, along with some cases of it affecting other races all over the place and seems wide spread like a plague according to their records. He recalled seeing the broadcast to feel upset about it despite he knew back then it involved the death of the Terranians. Broadcast ends as Eric feels upset hearing with what he heard. He is comforted by Niya while noticing her hair has barely noticeable streaks of grey in it which bothers him. Eric gets idea signs to Niya to teach him the language so he can understand what people are saying without needing a translator. Niya agrees to this starts teaching him Americanian which he picks up fast to his shock after learning a few sentences. He is confused till Niya tells him that Americanian originated from the Zeskaya which she suspects that Eric has a part of hence being related to one of them. He gets what’s she’s implying and doesn't press the matter. Eric’s Niya appears to have B.D.S. which Eric’s reaction is to feel deadness hitting him and he doesn’t feel any emotions as Niya starts to die from the syndrome. He sits on the couch staring at the wall as Niya fully old aged is in his bedroom lying on the bed attended by a medical doctor which he is alerted that she wants to have a private talk with him. He goes to the bedroom to sit on the bed holding her old wrinkled hand while staring at the wall above the bed not looking at her. He listens as she speaks that she has already told the medical doctor to have her body cremated and part of her ashes scattered along with some part of them contained for Eric to keep to be remembered of her. He hears her add that she won’t be the last mate he’ll have along with warning him to consider the possibly of outliving them. He feels his hand squeezed as he lies on the bed and wraps an arm around her as he hears her breathing become lesser and lesser as her body gives up its life. He feels a sense of déjà vu like what happened to Brianna prior to death. He gently rubs Niya’s forehead while staring at her as there’s a rasping sound heard followed by her breathing cut off. He gets up from the bed to walk out of the bedroom going to the couch to sit staring at the wall. He doesn’t acknowledge anything around him till he feels a hand touch his shoulder and he looks up to see Kossman, a Zeskaya aka Mesan's Curse, in tears who speaks that he hopes Eric will get over this. He looks away to stare at the wall till night time and is ordered to get up which he does to stand staring at Jiana holding a hand length sized jeweled blue box in her hands which she speaks Niya’s name and doesn’t say anything while holding up the box towards him. He takes box and goes into his bedroom putting box gently down on the dresser next to the door before going to his side of the bed to get out of clothes putting on his pajama pants and lies on the bed leaving his hands bare. He leans against the headboard staring at his hands as the door opens showing a woman with black hair wearing a blue dress that reminds him of Brianna’s walk into the room to kneel next to the bed taking one of his hands. He sees that she has Niya’s face but Zeskaya like golden eyes who speaks that she is called Niyanna, Leader’s mate and she wanted to help Eric with his pain. He doesn’t react to that as Niyanna continues to speak that a replacement for Eric was considered created same way as Kossman was created which was debated till Merra warned them of the possibly of the female hooked up with someone else due to seeing it happen in Terrania to people who’s intended go with someone else instead of them. Eric frowns as Niyanna continues that the idea after another debate was rejected which Eric forces himself to smile a small smile with a head bob towards her. He again frowns as she stands up to place a place a hand on his forehead rubbing gently which soothes him and he feels a dam burst inside him followed by tears flowing from his eyes. He watches as Niyanna removes her hand from his forehead and bents down kissing him gently on the forehead then removes her hand from his hand and walks away going out the door gently closing it behind her. He loses it cries uncontrollably as the deadness feeling leaves him. He rolls over to his side grabbing Niya’s pillow putting it over his head held in place by an arm as he cries hard weeping about Niya’s loss and cries himself to sleep. 

He dreams of himself wearing the Sun Lord uniform at a beach with water lapping and feels a hand on his shoulder which he looks to his right to see his son Eric who is wearing an identical uniform. He feels sad as his son speaks that Oceanans believe that when a person passes away they become ghosts who watch over their current family till they go to the afterlife. Eric feels tears flowing from his eyes as his son add that the family would light a candle for the passed away person which would mysteriously remain lighted only going out whenever its said that the person’s family has gotten over the pain of the person’s death and the person has joined the afterlife which Oceanans call the Summerland. He doesn’t resists as his son hugs him whom he hugs back as darkness arrives and he comes to with eyes closed lying in bed same position as before his beach dream. He discovers after yanking pillow from his head that its daylight by the window shade glowing after opening his eyes. He sits up as the door opens showing Jiana who looks worried. Jiana speaks verbally that it’s late morning and wants to know if he plans to stay in bed all day. Eric shakes his head no and gets up from the bed as Jiana closes the door. He gets dressed and walks out to the table to eat and drink and once done is told by Jiana that people have been made aware of Niya’s passing and are kneeling outside the building along with some have left lighted candles near the entrance including flower offerings. Eric recalls Niya having Han’s Syndrome mentally asks Jiana about having Han’s Syndrome from Niya passing away and why he doesn’t have it yet. Jiana answers that Han’s Syndrome doesn’t always hit after a person’s mate passes away for it can hit anytime after the mate has died. Eric frowns but gets up and feels pain hitting him all over him along with a bad headache that makes him fall to his knees. He gulps air through his mouth as the pain goes through him whom he lays on the floor curling in a ball shaking from the pain hitting him while shutting his eyes and grimacing from it. He feels a prick of a needle dart in his neck followed by sleepiness and he passes out unconscious. 

Eric has a dream of the planet Terrania in space as the Humans call it. He watched as Humania glides itself out of Terrania leaving another planet in place. He wound up watching as Edenia the green moon slides out of Terra's dead moon to go sailing into the rigors of space. Eric wound up seeing Terrania become covered with blackness entirely surrounding it he not sure what it was. He wound up watching as there was a ball of whiteness hit the planet from space and scatter a part of the clouds that remain in place. Eric dreamed the clouds scattered show a piece of an island sitting on the ocean between Mexico and Canada as the lands are referred by the Humans. The island he saw was covered with fires of eaters and rain put it out as the planet continued to be covered with darkness as he passed out unconscious.

Eric comes to find himself back in bed Sun Lord uniform off him and he’s wearing his underwear shorts on and blankets up to his chest covering him. He feels himself still in pain along with a headache curls into a ball on his side with hands covering his face while breathing through his mouth hard eyes shut face in a grimace. His rages arrives which makes the pain get worse and he shakes from the pain hitting him hard feels himself passing out goes unconscious. 

Eric comes to with pain gone while lying on his back in bed and rages gone as he is breathing through the tubes in his nose. He opens his eyes to discover the window shade is glowing dimly which the sun light disappears as a lamp abruptly turns itself on next to the bed on his side on the dresser. He eyes the window while feeling soreness running through him who he moves to stare at the ceiling then eyes move down to the dresser where Niya’s boxed urn is sitting on top of it. He shuts his eyes forcing himself to sleep- 

Eric heard from Raisa interrupting him "What happened to make me become yours, Eric?"
He exhaled another breath to eye Raisa with a glare who spoke "I'm not fooled by you still in love with Niya hence you calling our son Niyan instead of Eric Junior."
Eric formed a glare in response while glaring at Raisa only to hear a loud "Continue!" sounding from the ceiling. 
He gave the Tennan a glare who gave up another Americanian language word "Continue." as Raisa spoke "Tennans are intelligent enough to get it the Americanian spoken language we're using by the noises that being is using."
He obeyed to sign despite still feeling mental feelings of hurt hitting him.

Eric has a dream of himself awake from an overhead view lying in bed with a black haired female clad in black clothes lying on top of him on her stomach with her back to the view. He sees himself have arms around the female with hands bare whose cheek appears to be touching his cheek with one of her hands touching his other cheek. He stares at himself who has a peaceful happy look on his face that he sees rubs the female's back with his hands and shuts his eyes as nothing but darkness hits him. 

Eric wakes up in bed sensing its daylight outside to see the window shade is glowing dimly which he gets up feeling himself stiffed all over and jerkily force walks to the window to the shade which he lifts up to peer outside. He sees falling white stuff he recognizes as a cold storm that abruptly stops followed by the sun coming out of the clouds. He frowns staring at the scene puts the shade back and goes to put on his uniform which he stiff walks out walking into the living room to see Jiana who looks relieved to see him but doesn’t scan his mind. He goes to the dining table chair to sit and waits as food and drink is brought to him by tray which he ravenously eats while feeling himself hungry. Once done brings the cup to his lips to take a sip testing it for water which he finds its not water gulps it down till there’s nothing left puts the cup back on the tray and leans back in the chair eyes staring at his hands on his lap. 
He frowns as he as he hears Jiana verbally speak "The city’s natives were made aware of the Sun Lord having Han’s Syndrome by the Sun Lord’s failure to make a balcony appearance after the crowd got restless demanding for him." 
He frowns some more as Jiana continues "The Sun Lord was out for five suns." 
He stiffens hearing that to look at the Highlander with shock in his face to stare at Jiana who continues "Han’s Syndrome can make people out of it not aware of anything around them including some part of their minds shuts down going into an unconscious catatonic state. Doctors say it’s a normal reaction to the person coping with the pain when it gets too much to handle." 
He stares at Jiana who pauses and he feels his mind scanned which the pain makes him grimace and he mentally asks "Niya having Han’s Syndrome? I was recalling being told that she had it and took medicine for it when I was taken off Terrania to Rakcara." 
Jiana he senses stops scanning him to his relief verbally speaks "Niya’s condition wasn’t very powerful or severe as Eric had but the pain was at tolerable levels which medicine helped her cope with it." 
He hearing that as he gets up feeling himself a little stiff but better. 
He hears Jiana speak "The crowd will be visiting the balcony's vicinity in hopes to seeing the Sun Lord once he has recovered from Han’s Syndrome to make an appearance." 
He nods his head and then walks out of the quarters followed by Jiana to the hallway leading to an elevator which he takes recalling the actual reason why he was still called Sun Lord.
Eric recalls fully in mind "It's from me being Legendian a part of the Terranians' God deity beliefs. Hence they insists on me being called Sun Lord and act like their deity lord. The guards that served me as Sun Lord before Hades took the power away are still serving me but for my own protection from the restless natives for treating Legendians' inappropriately." 
He hears Jiana speak breaking his thoughts “Balcony?” 
In a questioning tone which he nods his head and feels the elevator go down followed by it stopping at the balcony floor. He walks out to pause in the hallway watching as a guard walks forward going on the balcony staring at the sky then stares at Jiana. 
Jiana verbally speaks "It’s safe to go out without head covering." 
He walks to the balcony to peer down below to see a crowd forming who don’t notice him and he patiently waits as they look up then applauds seeing him but are quiet with their cheering noises. He stays till he hears the Guardian sounding its siren noises and he waves a hand then leaves the balcony to enter the elevator. 
He hears Jiana questioningly ask “Brianna?” 
He shakes his head in a no gesture and feels the elevator going up taking him to the hallway to his quarters. Eric goes inside and goes to the window to lean against it staring at the cold storm hitting the city followed by the sun disappearing covered by white clouds. He feels himself tired of standing goes to the couch to sit leaning against into it with eyes staring at the TV monitor wall with a frown on his face. 
He hears Jiana verbally speak "If Sun Lord is tired he should consider going to bed and sleep it off." 
Eric recalls to himself thinking "Jiana like any guard stopped referring me as Your Majesty's title rank instead called me Sun Lord and referred me as a person instead of saying you or your."
He exhales a breath and finds that he’s tired and finds himself agreeing with Jiana’s remark gets up from the couch to walk into his bedroom gently closing the door behind him. He eyes the bed with relief goes to the dresser to yank off his clothes and puts on his pajama pants along with leaving his gloves off his hands after putting away his clothes. He rubs a hand on his head with his clawed hand and gets into bed pulling up the blankets to his chest and shuts his eyes falling asleep. He passes out and comes to with his eyes still closed, to feel a feminine hand rubbing his forehead that soothes him while feeling his stiffness gone from him. He jerks his eyes open to stare at a female appearing to be Human with a look of a Trigan via her black hair and webby hands including black clothes on her form that reminds him of the female from his dream staring at him while sitting in a chair next to his bed leaning over him. He stares at her as she removes her hand to put her hands up as he sits up holding his hands up as if guided by instinct and his palms touches hers while feeling a charge of pleasure hit him from the hands’ touch. His hands stop touching her as she again leans towards him putting her arms around him in a hug as he does the same. He gently lets go of her as she does the same and he removes the blankets off of him while holding up his arms towards her as he sees she is wearing black clothes that looks like rubber to him. He wraps his arms around her as she lies on top of him on her stomach and feels her cheek touch his cheek and her hand touching his other cheek which he gently rubs her back and then shuts his eyes falling asleep.

He comes to feeling confusion running through him to feel the woman is still lying on top of him but is awake from her movements of her hand rubbing his cheek. 
He gently rubs her back and hears her speak in Americanian "My name is Raisa, who’s a descendant of the son of Pavel Palin the current one, who’s mated with Merra, is my mother." 
Eric stiffens feeling shocked hearing that as Raisa continues "I originally traveled from Oceana to visit Americania. I saw you during him having a bout of Han’s Syndrome felt a strong connection towards you. Jiana, as she calls herself, scanned my mind with her touching me and detecting her doing that. 
Jiana with my Mother's talk both said 'The connection was related to people who feel connected to a person before they become mates.'" 
Eric feels his stiffening stop as he gently pushes Raisa off of him and he gets up from the bed with her to go to the dresser yanking off his pajama pants and putting it away and gets his gloves which he puts on his hands. He notices Raisa staring at him as he is doing this and once in the buff with gloves on gestures with a hand pointing to himself and to her about her clothes while staring at her. He sees Raisa gets the message by her indicating its a part of her skin but detachable via hands' movement to indicating it, he grabs the breathing device and climbs into bed on top of her while putting the device between the two pillows. He enters Raisa while feeling her legs remained limp but not surround him and he feels a barrier blocking his way which he thrusts through while hearing her gasp of pain. He keeps himself still with hands touching her sides eyes staring at her face showing pain in her eyes that go away and he moves thrusting in and out of her while feeling charges of pleasure running through him each time he enters her. He senses that she is feeling the same from her giving off moaning sounds of pleasure and seeing a pleasant expression on her face and in her eyes. He spills himself inside her and shakes from the intense charge of pleasure within him while exhaling a breath from the charge hitting him as he senses Raisa has felt the same feeling by her shutting her eyes and raising her head up moaning very loudly. He gently lowers himself still inside her to put hands underneath her back and kisses her on the neck several kisses. Eric while feeling her hands that were on his shoulders in a grip move. Tracking them going to his hair running her fingers through them pushing his head towards her as he is kissing her neck. He trails kisses from her neck to her cheek as she lowers her head with her eyes still closed. He trails kisses to her mouth and ravages the mouth with his mouth kissing her while feeling her hands on his head gently rubbing. He breaks off the kiss to adjust his hands back to her sides raising himself up a bit till he’s staring at her face which he sees looks familiar to him. 
He figures to himself "Her face reminds me of Emperor Palin in a feminine form." 
He continues to stare at her as she opens her eyes to stare at him back which she speaks in Americanian "My mother insisted to me to learn several languages. Including one called hand language when I was growing up in Oceana. A language that is popular among the Oceanans, for communicating with the Trigans in Orca forms via windows in the ocean. Hand language according to the Emperor wound up strictly enforced for all children of any race going to school to learn along with learning Americanian in schools, in Oceana." 
Eric feels like he doesn’t want to listen anymore pulls out of Raisa lies on his side back facing her and falls asleep.

Eric wakes up in the morning with her lying on her side facing him appearing to be asleep. He gets up and gets dressed in his Sun Lord uniform and walks out of the bedroom to the living room to eat breakfast. 
Jiana there spoke "If Sun Lord doesn't mind I plan to go wake Raisa and if he doesn’t mind me going into the bedroom to wake her up." 
Eric gestures with a finger pointing to the door and with his head moving towards it and continue eating as Jiana leaves him. 
He ignores Jiana running out saying "Raisa is having an offspring! She needs to go to the hospital for it!"  
Eric found himself unable to finished eating is ordered by Jiana "Sun Lord, go carry Raisa to the car!" 
He obeys feeling disgusted at first on having to carry her unconscious while her abdomen is growing which he takes her to a car and is ordered inside the car. Car drives and flies him and Raisa to the hospital where the nurses take her away and he is taken to a room to sit and wait while feeling a little annoyed with himself. He shuts his eyes and falls asleep passing out.

Eric is waken by Jiana telling him "The Medics will take Sun Lord with us escorts, to a room where Raisa is with the baby a boy that is another version of the Sun Lord, himself. The baby boy wound up born via a new procedure of birth to be taken out of the mother." 
He frowns but follows Jiana and doctor to a room to see Raisa lying in bed with an oxygen mask on her face and there’s a crib next to her which he peers into to see a baby with a mop of black hair and golden eyes like his looking human like and having mittens covering the hands which he assumes is clawed like his. He frowns staring at the baby wondering what to name him and feels himself tired gets onto the bed nearby Raisa's bed and falls asleep passing out unconscious.

He wakes up by Jiana telling him "Sun Lord, Raisa has waken up and the doctor says she can go home." 
He gets up from the bed to see Raisa isn’t in bed but spies a door in the room slam shut which he assumes is the bathroom and peers at his son in the crib which he lifts out and cradles to himself feeling some faint connection towards his son. 
Eric decides to himself "I'll name him Niyan after Niya for I feel like keeping her memory alive." 
He waits holding his son as Raisa via wheelchair wheels herself, comes out of the bathroom he feels annoyed at first, seeing her in a wheelchair. He and Raisa with Jiana go to the car and it takes them to the headquarters where he refuses her requests to hold Niyan carries him to his quarters and sits on the couch holding his son with her next to him via wheelchair. He gets annoyed by her begging to hold Niyan which she keeps calling him Eric Junior thrusts the child to her. 
Eric signs with her looking at him "I want to call the child Niyan and not Eric Junior. I already had a son with my previous mate with that name that passed away awhile back. Happened before my previous mate wound up sick with a medical condition that killed her like what's happening to Terranians around the planet anyway." 
He glares at her as she nods her head and speaks "Niyan." with sarcasm.
Then he sits leaning back on the couch with arms folded to glare at the wall feeling a little annoyed with Raisa and her behavior towards him naming his son. Night time arrives and Raisa, he watches goes into the other bedroom with Niyan and comes out without the baby which he gets up going to his bedroom and slams the door in her face in front of her via wheelchair and goes to his dresser.
The door behind him opens followed by her speaking "You're rude! You should know better than to do that to me!" 
Eric ignores her to change into his pajama pants and gloves on. 
He goes to a wall and leans against it with arms folded as he glares at the floor and thinks to himself a comment he later regrets thinking "I feel like I should get rid of Raisa for she’s useless to me as my mate." 
He continues to keep his position while hearing the bathroom door open and listens for her movements hearing the bed spring move as she gets into bed followed by the lamp clicking off. 
He gets a little furious when she speaks using some voice tone, he recognizes as sarcasm annoys him "Sun Lord, I'm ordering him to get to bed and sleep for he needs it." 
Eric gets angry storms to the bed and gets into it then rolls over to lie on top of Raisa.
She protests "I can’t mate for awhile or have another baby till the doctors say so!" 
He gags her on the throat with one hand and with another hand grabs her pillow, pulling it up intending to smother her to death. Eric wound up hearing the door to the bedroom crash open followed by feeling a prick of pain of a needle dart into his bare back that makes him sleepy. He rolls over freeing Raisa, to collapse on his back shutting his eyes going unconscious. 

He wakes up to discover himself in a sagging position facing a wall too many footsteps, away with chain manacles on his wrists and gloves still on his hands along with his pajama pants still on his form. He stands up and feels instant pain on his back that feels familiar that he recognizes that his back is being whipped. His back gets whipped over and over which he reacts in pain from it while feeling a headache hitting him that he recognizes that he is being mind scanned and grimaces from the pains on his back and head. He starts mentally screaming a word, he doesn’t recognize or is aware of it till later he realized he was screaming Raisa's name as whipping stops. Raisa wheels to be in front of him which he fists his hand to glare at her with anger within him while standing up straightening up his form. 
He glares at her as she speaks “I’m sorry your hurting.” while rubbing his muscular abs with her hands. 
Eric found that Raisa is genuine with her rubbing including her sorry comment by her face showing pleading with tears leaking from her eyes. He wound up feeling his knees getting weak and collapsed onto the floor kneeling. Eric collapsed to make himself equal height to Raisa that makes him shut his eyes. He feels her hands are soothing him to stop being angry. He feels himself very sad bursts into tears crying while shaking his form as his knees are still weak. Eric feels Raisa wrap her arms around him holding him up as he loses it to his crying. He cries hard till the tears stop and finds himself freed from the manacles to collapse onto the ground to apparent kneeling position as Raisa removes her arms and puts her hands on his head fingers running through his hair. He opens his eyes to stare at her and puts hands on her legs then put his head onto her lap while still shaking from the sadness hitting him and tightens his hold around her struggling to overcome the sadness feeling. Eric feels himself sleepy allows himself to sleep with arms around Raisa and passes out unconscious.

He wound up to come to with himself lying in bed and the window shade is glowing dim light that is getting brighter. He feels one of his hands is gripped and rolls over to his right to stare at Raisa lying on her left side facing him while appearing to be asleep with one of her hands gripping his right gloved hand. He stares at her and feels sick with himself of rejecting her when he should be accepting her. He reaches with a free hand towards her face to rub her cheek and senses she is waking up from that from her giving off an mm sound. He stares at her as she wakes up to stare at him with a worried expression in her eyes. He exhales a breath to stare at her as her other hand touches him on the cheek which he feels soothed by the feeling pushes his face into her hand. 
He hears the bedroom door open and hears Jiana speak "Sun Lord, I'm asking if he’s planning to stay in bed all day?"
He looks at Jiang and shakes his head no then Jiana closes the door and he removes himself from the bed to get dressed into his Sun Lord uniform. He sees Raisa getting up to put herself into the wheelchair which he feels a little weird about that but shrugs off the feeling. He walks out of the bedroom leaving the door open and goes to the table to eat while Raisa wheels herself to sits next to him and he watches her eating as she does the same. He once has done eating leans back in the chair to stare at Raisa who finishes eating wheels from the table going into the other bedroom and returns carrying Niyan in her arms. 
He hears Jiana speak "Sun Lord should make a balcony visit just to assure the crowd that he’s alright and that their aware of Raisa and his son, Eric Junior, with her." 
Eric gets up and leaves the quarters with Raisa and Jiana following. He goes to the elevator that takes him to the balcony floor and once there given the ok by a guard goes to the balcony to peer down below at the crowd while leaning his arms on the balcony railing as the crowd seeing him cheer their cries which makes him a little bit better. He senses Raisa next to him and doesn’t react to her putting her hand on his hand gripping it. He looks at her and removes his hand from her hand to put an arm around her middle on her back. Eric leans his side against her head while putting his other hand on Niyan who appears to be peacefully sleeping despite the noises. He feels Raisa move herself till her front holding Niyan is facing his front in a hug. He wraps his other arm around her and leans himself against her head and hears the crowd cheer a little louder. He feels a bit better from holding Raisa and his son in his arms to shut his eyes and feels himself relaxed enough to smile a small smile.
Eric wound up thinking to himself as he hugged Raisa "I have what I want and I live again with a purpose to live."

Editor's Note: Contents are from the journal of Sun Lord, written in his hand, found intact in the destruction, of the destroyed apartment, from Terra suffering from the burning death. Published in his memory on request of Eric Kossman Zesky Junior.
