Eric Book Series Stories
Edenia Series
Copyright Beth Hoyer 2014
Published at Smashwords
This eBook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This eBook may not be given away to other people. If you would like to share this eBook with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.

EARTH

ORIGINS OF KURPANOV AND BROTHER TREVOR
In a facility in Wolf’s Howl, New York, a lab was there experimenting life forms and creating new ones. Then they created a life form embryo which was implanted inside a mentally ill woman unknowingly. The woman carried the baby for eight months while the lab coats did numerous tests on her. They wanted to see if the embryo could be manipulated while the woman carried it. Their creation was a girl named Elisa. 

When Elisa was born the woman was too insane to notice her daughter. The lab coats were quick to put the woman in a newly created asylum. Elisa was different from the Humans. She was a humanoid genetic engineered reptile life form. Elisa had green skin, clawed hands and feet with a tail. She had yellow and red eyes with a Human like face, Human like ears and fanged teeth. Elisa from the moment of her birth was put on all kinds of numerous tests from mental to physical and medical related. This kept on till Elisa reached the Human age of nineteen years old. 

Ever since her thirteenth birthday Elisa had a longing feeling that persisted inside her which she had no idea what it was. She had a yearning to be out of her prison a bright lighted jungle room which was a large warehouse room with plants, trees and small ponds with a dirt floor to serve as her home. The lights above shone too bright that it hurt her eyes and made her skin feel sore. Three walls of the jungle were stone like on the sides while one wall had a big glass window which the Humans would stand behind watching her. The Humans above on bridges, one would fire a loud pop sound from a gun which a cylinder object would land on her putting her to sleep. Elisa would wake up finding herself tied to a cold metal bed in a room that was white all around. Her cries of pain went unnoticed as the Humans jabbed her with needles injecting her with substances and taking out her blood. Elisa learned how to understand the Humans’ spoken language but never spoke it to them but herself. Anger began to form after being in one of the tests rooms which they would put her to sleep then she would find herself back in the jungle still in pain from their needles. 

While hiding in her jungle, she watched the Humans staring from behind the glass portion of her jungle. The Humans left the glass portion as a light turned off behind them. She irately stared at the too bright lights and grabbed a rock she began pounding on the glass window. The window cracked a bit and in her frustration she grabbed a heavy stick and threw it at the window. The window shattered as a hole formed. Elisa grabbed another stick and whacked it at the hole till it was big enough for her to squeeze through. In the dark of the room her eyes and skin felt better. Elisa panted in relief as she looked around the room. She saw a box with wires on it and remembered that there was one in the test room where the Humans would use to turn on the lights shining too bright for her. She attacked the box tearing at the wires as electricity hummed throughout her. Elisa suddenly felt dull senses come alive as a new awareness arrived to her. She heard a sound of walking feet coming from outside the room and darted towards an open door and went inside closing the door to a crack. 

The door to the room opened as she heard voices speaking “Oh great, Elisa smashed the window and wrecked the power generator to the jungle room!”
Another voice said “What a mess, bad Elisa.” 
Elisa backed into the small room hiding behind a counter as the door to the room opened and lights flicked on. A Human she saw from her hiding place arrived into the room closing the door and sat at the stool in front of a counter doing some writing in a note book. Elisa sprang from behind the human charging. The Human sat unnoticed as Elisa threw herself at the Human and found herself inside the Human’s body in control. She felt the body which she knew was a female and sensed the name was Doctor Leah Lake. Elisa looked at the notes and automatically understood what it said: 
“Test subject has some hidden ability to hide among surroundings. Locating her will be hard but going in the jungle isn’t recommended by the One.” 
The door to the room opened as a Human, Elisa in the body knew was a man with black hair and his lab coat had a name tag which read “Roger Nolan.” 
He spoke in a language Elisa automatically understood the words “Leah, I don’t care what you say or object, I have an order from the One that you need to take time off and go home to your family.” 
Elisa in the body stared at him then groaned as if getting a headache and spoke words coming out in his language “Ok, you win, I’ll go home.” 
Roger spoke “Good the One issued this order after begging from your daughter Anya and us.” 
He paused and continued “Besides after five years here it hasn’t helped you with your husband’s death.”
Elisa nodded her head and put down the pen in her hand and left the room with Roger behind her. 
He spoke “All of your things are packed up and is at the main entrance where a car will drive you to a private plane and will fly you home to Connecticut.”
Elisa nodded her head and spoke “Would you walk me to the entrance? I’m not sure how long I’ll be gone from here, so in case this is my last times here walk with me.” 
Roger nodded his head and led the way with her following. 

He led out of the room with the shattered window to the test room. Elisa inside Leah cringed inwardly as he led her to one of the doors in the room and opened it revealing a hallway with doors on the sides. Elisa searched Leah’s mind for information about the doors and found nothing. At the end of the hallway were double doors where two large suitcases sat next to it. Roger opened the door and picked up both suitcases. A burst of cold air made Elisa shiver inside Leah’s body as she walked out of the hallway into the large warehouse like room. A humming vehicle which Elisa automatically knew was a small car that sat waiting. Roger opened the trunk and put the suitcases inside then he went around and opened one of the car doors and gestured Elisa to get in. She got in the vehicle hesitantly and waved out the window as the vehicle drove off. 

Roger stood as one of the lab technicians came running up to him panting for breath. 
Breathing between breaths the technician spoke “It’s Elisa, sensors indicate that she’s not in her pen. We combed the jungle area and she’s not in it.” 
Roger’s face frowned as he spoke “Well search again she’s not easily to be found in that jungle. Believe me I know from the shooters shooting at her.”
The lab technician groaned and walked off as Roger followed. 

The car reached the plane in the sunny cool sky and Elisa got out as the driver got out to going to the trunk hauling out her suitcases. Elisa stood as she saw a Human woman wearing green pants, boots and a green top with a black jacket came down the stairs of the plane and ran up to her. The Human woman had long black hair tied back in a tail which flopped as the woman ran to her and grabbed her in a hug. Elisa was surprised but hugged the woman back. 
The woman spoke “Mom, I missed you so much.” 
Elisa spoke “Anya so did me. I was caught up with my work that I nearly forgot about you.”
The woman Anya gripped Elisa’s hand and pulled her towards the plane which had two seats on both sides with an aisle in the middle. Elisa sat in a seat as Anya pulled on the seatbelt over her. 
Elisa spoke yawning while feeling the body’s exhaustion take over “Anya if you don’t mind I’m going to take a nap. I’m tired.” 
Anya patted her on the arm and went to a seat across from hers and pulled the seat belt on and closed her eyes. Elisa stared at Anya falling asleep across from her and let the body’s exhaustion take over as she closed her eyes. Elisa loosened herself out of Leah’s body and crossed the aisle. She entered Anya’s body who didn’t stir as Elisa took control. Elisa felt energy arriving in the body but kept her eyes closed as she slept. 

The plane landed on the runway and jolted Elisa in Anya’s body awake. Elisa narrowed her eyes and looked at Leah still asleep and felt the plane stop its motion. The door to the plane opened as men arrived walking inside the plane wearing uniforms Elisa realized were paramedics. The paramedics went to Leah putting a mask over her lower half of her face and injected Leah with a needle on her neck. 
Elisa spoke “What’s going on?”
The paramedics didn’t answer her but hauled Leah out of the seat onto a stretcher and took her out of the plane with Elisa following.

In the lab Roger stood staring at the monitors with others that showed Elisa attacking the window and entering it. The monitor changed to show her going inside the lab room where Leah Lake went inside. He and others groaned as the view showed Elisa shifting into Leah’s body. 
Roger shook his head with a glare on his face and spoke “Have they got Leah yet?”
He heard a lab technician spoke “Yes and their bringing her with them to a secure facility.” 
He turned and looked at the doorway as lights turned on to show two men enter the room. 
One of them flashed a badge and spoke “The name is John Jones. I have orders from the One to release Kurpanov. Kossman here has volunteered to be the host if Kurpanov needs it.” 
Roger stared at the young man with long red orange hair pulled back in a braid who nodded his head in agreement with his blue eyes narrowed.
Roger groaned some sound and spoke “Well orders are orders, release Kurpanov.” 
A lab technician walked forwards gesturing Kossman to follow her. Kossman followed her out of the room with Roger following. They entered the test room going to a door way. The three walked down a poorly lit hallway and came towards a door. The lab technician pressed a button as Kossman entered a room where a figure sat in chains attached to the wall growling. Kossman stiffened staring at the figure which had green skin with a tail that switched violently. He stared at the male’s Human like face and yellow red eyes who had clawed hands and clawed feet. The male, Kurpanov stood up growling as the door slammed closed behind Kossman who stood frowning. 
Kossman spoke “The female Elisa has escaped hidden in Doctor Leah Lake’s body which we have in a secure facility.” 
Kurpanov’s mouth turned into a fanged smile and Kossman heard a guttural voice speak “They got the wrong body. The female is in another body of one called Anya Lake.” 
Kossman stiffened groaning as Kurpanov continued speaking “A pity Elisa doesn’t know about me or that I can track her from any where even while hidden. I even know her location but I’m not giving it to you or the others without a price.”
Kossman spoke “I volunteered to have you use my body. Is that your price?”
Kurpanov stared at Kossman with his yellow and red eyes speaking “That sounds reasonable but you have a name?”
Kossman spoke “The name is Andrew Kossman.” 
Kurpanov stretched as the chains fell apart from him. Kossman braced himself as the male advanced walking around him to face his back. 
Kurpanov spoke from behind him “Andrew Kossman what a name.” 
Kurpanov charged at Kossman’s back shifting inside him. The door to the room opened as Kurpanov in Kossman’s body turned around to face Roger who stood with arms folded. 
Roger spoke “Well, the location of Elisa, Kossman?”
Kurpanov narrowed his blue eyes and spoke “You won’t find her without my help. She won’t give up her freedom easily.”
Roger growled out “Elisa’s location and quit stalling.”
Kurpanov chuckle some sound and spoke “Patience Roger, I have to go where she is to help capture her.” 
Roger snarled out “You-“
Kurpanov interrupted “She’s in the area where the plane landed hiding in the forests.”
Roger stared at him and asked “Old Man’s Forest?”
Kurpanov spoke “Interesting name but I have to go there. You won’t be able to capture her without my help.” 
Roger spoke “Yeah right.” 
Kurpanov’s form faded turning invisible in front of him as Roger gasped. 
Kurpanov reappeared speaking “Elisa does know about this ability and will be using it. You don’t have the technology to detect her in her hidden form. Believe me I know that from the others’ attempts to capture me.”
Roger groaned as Kurpanov paused then continued speaking “I do know that Elisa is running on instincts that were suppressed and now their controlling her. She is like a wild animal and won’t give up easily. So you really need me there to help find her.” 
Roger threw up his hands and walked out of the room with Kurpanov following him. 
He went to the intercom on the wall next to the door and pressed a button speaking “Prepare a plane to Old Man’s Forest, New Hampshire for Kossman. Elisa is at that location hidden as Anya Lake. Only Kossman can find her so give whatever help he needs.” 

Kurpanov sat in the moving plane as it flew in the air in the sun of the new day. John Jones sat in a seat across from Kurpanov staring at him. 
Kurpanov noticed John staring at him spoke “Out with it, John, you want to know something.” 
John spoke “I want to know how you got control over Kossman’s body.”
Kurpanov replied “The body’s original mind, Kossman has been put to sleep so he’s not aware of this. My form is centered in the brain area taking control of the body and its functions.”
John nodded his head and asked “What happens to Kossman after you leave the body?”
Kurpanov answered “I assure you that Kossman lives but he’ll have temporary paralysis and will have to learn how to control his body’s functions with medical help.”
The plane at the moment touched down on the dirt runway of the area Old Man’s Forest, New Hampshire. Kurpanov leaned forwards to look out the window to see there was greenery of large number of trees surrounding the forest. 
John stood up and spoke “Well we’re here, so start hunting, Kossman. They want her found fast.” 
Kurpanov got up speaking “Patience John, she’ll be found when the time is right.” 
He left the plane walking down the plane’s steps with John following him. 
John spoke from behind him “The cold will be arriving in a few months. I don’t think Elisa is equipped to handle life out there in the cold and might abandon Anya. So find her before she does this.”
Kurpanov paused at the foot of the steps and spoke “Elisa is running on instincts that were suppressed that are now taking control of her. I can sense that their too strong to make her abandon the body she’s in. Don’t worry she’ll be found. Stay here, John and keep the plane ready, I’ll find her.”
He walked into the forests with John standing at the foot of the plane’s steps staring at his back. John exhaled air and sat down at the foot of the steps watching Kurpanov disappear from sight. 
He stared at the sky which showed the sun shining high overhead and muttered to himself “I hope you find her before night arrives.” 

Kurpanov walked into the forest past rows of trees. He sniffed the air and changed his form turning invisible as he walked further into the forest. Kurpanov looked at the ground to see various prints lay scattered in the dirt ground. He traveled as the sun went lower in the sky reaching a small river running through the forest. Kurpanov squatted and plopped a hand into the water letting the cool water over his hand. 
He shifted looking at his left sniffing the air looking at the river that turned around a bend of trees and whispered “I can sense you drinking from the water. Your planning to run isn’t you?” 
He stood up and walked following the river till he reached series of large rocks peeking out from lying scattered in the water like a bridge and stood staring at them. He could see a wet footprint was drying out on a rock and looked down in the ground to see booted footprints in the wet ground surrounding the river. 
Kurpanov whispered as he looked around the forests of trees “You can run but you can’t hide from me.” 
He raised his voice and shouted “Elisa!”

Elisa froze in her hidden state walking in the forest hearing her name. 
She stood looking around as the caller shouted again in a male voice “Elisa!” 
Elisa ran away from the voice in panic coming out of her hidden state. She ran smashing herself through bushes running around trees running till she felt like she was gasping for air. Elisa stopped and leaned against a tree gasping for breath gulping air in mouthful of gasps. She put a hand on the tree and sniffed the air. Elisa leaned her back against the tree looking around breathing deeply. 

Kurpanov stood in his hidden state staring at her a foot away unseen by Elisa leaning against the tree. 
He whispered to himself “Gotcha.”
Kurpanov raised his voice and spoke “Elisa.” 
Elisa he saw jerked shaking with her head as she looked wildly around the forests with wide eyes of panic. Kurpanov revealed his form to her who stared at him with shock on her face. He noticed Elisa’s eyes narrowed and her hands became fists as she charged at him growling nonsense sounds. Kurpanov was quick to grab her attacking hands by the wrists pulling himself and her onto the ground with his body pining her. 
She struggled against his hold growling as he spoke “Got you, Elisa.” 
Kurpanov pulled her wrists together holding them with one hand above her head as she struggled pined by his body. He lowered his head kissing her on the forehead as she snapped her teeth growling at him. He with his other hand pulled at her pants yanking them below her hips and adjusted his pants freeing the body’s sensitive part. He put a hand on the sensitive part and guided it inside Elisa jerking through a barrier from within her. Kurpanov still inside her moved his hands releasing her wrists to grip her hands above her head tightening their hold as she jerked from his thrusts. He sensed her stop struggling and was moving meeting his thrusts in a rhythm. 
Kurpanov spoke “You like that don’t you?”
He lowered his head mouth on her mouth kissing her and put his head next to hers as he heard her moan some undecipherable sound. Kurpanov spilled himself inside her and sensed Elisa gasped shaking from the climax. He let go of her hands as she put them around his shoulders gripping him close to her. Kurpanov could sense Elisa’s breathing becoming calmer and raised his head to look at her. Her eyes were closed and there was a pleasant look on her face. He rubbed a hand on her cheek and she pushed her face into his rubbing hand. 

John paced standing in front of the plane looking at the sun that was nearly down the horizon. 
He muttered to himself “Where the hell are they?” 
He looked to his left to see coming out of the forest was the familiar figure of Kossman. John stared to see held in his arms was a Human woman who had her arms around his neck with her head leaning against his shoulder. 
The two reached John who spoke “Is that her?” 
Kurpanov replied “Yes. I had to mate with Elisa to get her to cooperate.” 
John opened his mouth of shock gaping at Kurpanov who walked up the steps going into the plane still holding on to her. Shaking his head he wordlessly went into the plane to see Kurpanov sitting down in one of the seats with her held by his arms in his lap. John could see the Human woman’s eyes were closed and her long black haired head was leaning against his shoulder which she moved to touch his chin with her forehead. Sighing John went to a seat and sat down. The plane took off the runway flying into the air. 

Roger stood watching as the car came into the large airplane hanger like room. John came out of the car running up to Roger as Kurpanov came out of the car carrying Elisa in Anya’s body who was screaming. 
John spoke shouted over the human woman’s screaming “He mated with her in the host form! She’s having pains from a life form which is growing rapidly from inside her!” 
Roger gestured to Kurpanov carrying Elisa to follow him which he did running pass door ways till they reached a hallway with doors on the sides. Roger went to a doorway opening a door and pointed. Kurpanov was quick to bring her inside the room which had a bed and a series of devices which beeped. He laid Elisa still screaming onto the bed and started yanking off her clothes. Roger exhaled air seeing the human woman’s abdomen was swollen and was getting bigger as she lay on the bed screaming. 
Roger went to the phone in the wall and pressed buttons shouting in it “Bring the doctor now!”
He hung up the phone and looked at Kurpanov who had Elisa wrapped in his arms in a tight grip as she screamed. 

Kurpanov held Elisa as the doctor arrived with nurses pushing equipment into the room. Elisa at the moment stopped her screaming and starting groaning loudly. Kurpanov placed a hand on her swollen abdomen to feel the life form moving from inside as the doctor examined her. 
The doctor spoke “Kossman get behind her as I help her push the babies out. She’s having twins and the birth is happening now.”
Kurpanov was quick to obey sitting himself behind her as she groaned leaning forwards. He held her as she grabbed her legs bending them while grunting loudly. 
Kurpanov heard the doctor speak “That’s it Anya, push.”
The doctor repeated as Kurpanov heard a wailing cry of a baby followed by another wailing cry as Elisa pushed the second baby out. She exhaled air and closed her eyes as Elisa in her green form came springing out of the Anya’s body. Kurpanov closed his eyes and wretched his green form out of Kossman’s body as Elisa with a shriek went under the bed. Kurpanov went under the bed grabbing Elisa who shook from his touch and didn’t resist as he pulled her towards him. 
Kurpanov heard the doctor speak “Unusual baby boys, golden eyes, clawed hands and a Human appearance but different colored hair.” 
Kurpanov pulled their forms from under the bed and spoke as the doctor examined the babies “Call one Kurpanov, name him after me and call the other Trevor.”
The doctor adjusted his glasses and exhaled air with a sigh and spoke “Roger, let the record show that the baby with golden hair, will be called Kurpanov while the baby with black hair will be called Trevor.” 
Kurpanov seeing Roger spoke “Put me with Elisa where you’re keeping her. Be sure to fix the lights of the keeping room, it hurts her eyes and makes her skin feel sore.” 
Roger exhaled air and spoke “Fine.” 
Roger gestured towards the door as Kurpanov picked up Elisa carrying her out of the room following him.
End

ERIC MEETING BRIANNA FOR FIRST TIME AUGUST 2001: BRIANNA 
Brianna stormed into the house followed by her brother and men in riot gear. The group went up the stairs followed by the locator device in Brianna’s hand entering a hallway and went to a doorway where Eric was sitting on the bed visible. Brianna put the locator device on the fireplace mantel as the paramedics arrived to examine the woman. She and the others stood scattered around the room, her watching Eric.
Brianna frowned inwardly as Eric shut his eyes putting his fisted hands on his forehead as Henry, her brother placed a hand on his shoulder while speaking “Turn invisible and follow me to the van.” 
Brianna gasped as Eric yanked his hands from his face opening his eyes that were all black. She flattened herself against the wall dropping her gun as Eric got up from the bed with a roar attacking people in the room with his fists. She grimaced seeing Henry hit the floor after being fisted in the face. Brianna groaned inwardly as Eric charged to where she was standing grabbing her neck in a choke hold raising her up. She narrowed her eyes in a glare while clawing his arm with her hands as he shook his head blinking his eyes which turned to golden Human eyes and stared at her with a frown. She sensed herself lowered to the floor as he yanked off her eye wear and helmet off her head. Brianna breathed deeply as she felt him loosen his hold around her neck. She groaned inwardly as he yanked off her armor covering her chest and then let go of her. Brianna brought her fist into his face and ran away from him. She left the room entering the hallway only to feel a great weight behind her knocking her down to the rugged floor. She felt herself thrust by Eric onto her back with his hands grabbing her wrists with her body pinned by his. 
Brianna yelled with annoyance in her tone “Let go of me now!”  
She kept her face in a narrowed eyed glare as Eric brought her hands together and held them in an ironclad grip with one hand as his other hand covered her mouth. 
Eric spoke “Talk and I’ll scratch your face. I mean it.” 
Brianna kept her mouth shut as Eric moved his hand from her mouth to grip her chin and continued speaking “I want to kiss you on the lips so don’t fight me or I’ll scratch you.”
She kept her eyes narrowed and open as Eric lowered his face till his lips touched hers. Brianna felt something like a jolted pleasures of currents throughout her with his lips touching hers. She widened her eyes and relaxed her body as Eric broke off the kiss to smile a small smile. She stared at Eric’s face as he brought his hand to her neck rubbing then brought his hand to the sides of her chest. She relaxed further as his hand went lower till he reached between them touching an area between her legs pressing hard with the fabric over it. Brianna arched her back as she gasped loudly from his hand gently rubbing the area with pressure on it. 
She heard him speak “I desire to mate with you.”
Brianna stiffened as she saw Henry land on Eric’s back as the Hybrid roared struggling. She grabbed Eric’s hand that let go of her hands, in an ironclad grip as Henry brought an arm around the Hybrid’s head while with his other hand injected a syringe needle into his neck. The needle’s content’s she saw went into Eric who shook his head before closing his eyes surrendering to the drug’s contents. Brianna sighed loudly as Henry removed himself off of Eric’s back and pulled the Hybrid off of her. She sat up with a groan shaking visibly as Henry grabbed her by the arm and pulled her up in a standing position. 
Henry spoke “Brianna, are you alright? I heard him say ‘I desire to mate with you’.” 
Brianna stared at her brother and spoke “Eric is not kidding about that after kissing me.” 
Henry she saw had a glare on his face and she continued speaking “I think I need to take a few days off, just to recover from this.” 
She placed a hand on her forehead as the two heard groaning sounds from the room. 
Brianna spoke “Go attend to them while I’ll go out and tell back up to come in retrieve Eric.” 
She stared at Henry with a glare on his face left her entering the room and she looked down at Eric lying asleep on the floor on his side. She bent down to rub a hand on his cheek and then straightened up to walk down the hallway to the stairs. 

BRIANNA
Brianna stood in her sleeping quarters in her nightgown with a frown on her face staring at Steve who was taking off his shirt. She went to the dresser and yanked out her handgun spinning around to face it at Steve. Steve she saw froze staring at the gun with a confused look on his face. 
She spoke “Steve, get out now.” 
Steve spoke “The One ordered us to mate and I attend to obey him.” 
Brianna cocked the gun with a click sound and spoke “Not if there’s a bullet in you so get out now. I’ll take it up with the One for disobeying orders. I refused to mate with you.” 
She went to the door yanking it open with one hand and stepped outside the room gesturing with the gun. Steve placed his shirt back over his head and left the room with a glare. 
She glared at Steve who spoke “I’m aware of your interest in Eric and I highly doubt that you’ll be allowed to mate with him. I wouldn’t be surprised if the One punishes you harshly for disobeying orders.”
Steve walked away from her as she entered her sleeping quarters slamming the door. Brianna spoke “That nerve of that idiot.”
She went to the dresser putting the safety on the gun and placed it inside a drawer. Brianna sat on the bed and pulled open the bottom drawer showing a thick folder which she took out and yanked out a picture with papers paper clipped to it. She set the picture and the papers on the bed and placed the folder back into the drawer. Brianna pulled up the picture which she sighed loudly rubbing a hand on it. She stared at a headshot of Eric whose face was in a nasty look with teeth bared. 
Brianna groaned out “Oh Eric, I don’t care, I’ll find away to mate with you. I’ll see to it, Eric if I have to go behind the One’s back for doing this.” 
She sighed as she rubbed a hand on the picture staring at it and continued “Eric, I love you and I wish I could say these words to you.”
Sighing she took the picture and papers and placed it in the upper drawer of the dresser and then laid in the bed turning off the lamp. 
She spoke out loud “Eric, I can’t wait to tell you my name.” 
With a sigh she closed her eyes dreams full of Eric. 
 
VIRUS CURED OCTOBER 2001: SUE ULIAN
Sue stared at Ionela with confusion as the Hybrid brought her to her cell and pushed her inside speaking “Here you go, Sue.” 
Ionela slammed the door shut behind Sue who stood staring at the door with a frown. She went to the bed and sat leaning against the wall staring at the door. Sue sat and waited as the door opened bringing in a person dressed in space suit like clothing holding an erasable pad. Sue stared at the figure that walked in the room halting in mid step. The figure gestured to another figure that walked in the room dressed like the first one. Sue saw both look at each other through the glass view plate on their faces as they saw her look at them. Sue frowned as one stepped forwards writing something on the erasable pad before holding it up for her to read. 
The words read “Do you know who you are?”
Sue spoke “I’m Sue Ulian and what am I doing here?”
The figures looked at each other again as one went to kneel in front of her and pointed at her arm where Eric’s scratches were seen. 
The figure looked at the other one as they waved their hands. 

ALEXEI ZESKY 
Alexei Zesky stood in the hallway staring through a window at a room where two figures lay on separate beds. He could see space suit figures stood over the figures lying on the bed examining them. Alexei sighed seeing his granddaughter Elizabeth Zeskaya, long blonde hair pulled back while lying on one of the beds wearing a device around her neck which flashed as she jerked while wearing an oxygen mask on the lower half of her face. Her open blue eyes stared in space as her arms moved from being restrained attached to the bed by cloth. Next to her was lying on the bed was short blonde haired Bruce Arkov who was also wearing a device around his neck that flashed as he shook himself while wearing an oxygen mask on the lower half of his face. He jerked against the restraints with his open eyes staring in space. Alexei heard his cell phone ringing and pulled out the device unfolding it. 
He spoke “I told you not to call me-“
The voice of Andrew Kossman interrupted him speaking “The cure to the virus has been found.” 
Alexei spoke “How did they find it?”
Kossman replied “The doctors came in Sue Ulian’s cell and observed her being alert. The Hybrids when questioned tell us Eric scratched Sue on the arm, and Ionela injected her with the antidote. Sue’s behavior indicates that she’s cured of the virus. She’s now undergoing tests to make sure of that.” 
Alexei stared at his granddaughter with hope on his face and spoke “Get Eric to donate his venom and take quantities of the antidote, Ionela and Arielia’s blood and test it among the victims. I’ll call the Najinovs to let them know that the cure has been found.” 
He pressed a button hearing a dial tone and pressed some more buttons and waited as a female voice came on the line speaking “Svetlana Najinova, here, yes?”
Alexei spoke “This is Alexei Zesky Senior. Please get me your mother on the phone.” 
He heard Svetlana’s voice as she yelled “Ma, Mr. Zesky is on the phone and he wants you!”
Alexei waited as a female voice with an older tone came on the line speaking “Alina Najinova here, Mr. Zesky, what’s going on with my granddaughter?”
Alexei spoke “The cure has been found.” 
He paused to hear Alina yell “Mr. Zesky says the cure has been found!”
Then he heard her speak “Mr. Zesky when will Lisha come home?”
Alexei spoke “That remains to be determined. We have to make sure the cure works completely. Once it does, Lisha and Bruce will be able to go home.” 
Alina spoke “I can’t wait for that and to meet her Bruce too.” 
Alexei noticed an orderly standing at his side gesturing with hands. 
Alexei spoke “I have to go, Alina, I’ll call you again to let you know how Lisha and Bruce are doing. Please let the Arkovs know about this.” 
He heard Alina speak “Will do” and they both hung up. 
Alexei stared at the orderly who spoke “A word from the higher ups from the government, they insisted that the Hybrids be put to death starting in November period.” 
Alexei spoke “Tell them that three of the Hybrids have proven to be the cure to the virus and is worthy being kept alive.”
Alexei watched as the orderly spoke “I’ll see to that.” 
The orderly left Alexei staring at his granddaughter jerking in her bed. 
He smiled to himself and spoke out loud “At least you’ll be out of this hell, Lisha.”

HYBRIDS TAKE HIGH SCHOOL HOSTAGE: NOVEMBER 2001: RED ORANGE HAIRED MAN
The yellow bus rattled through the fading light of the sun through the forests. Kids, twenty in number, high school aged sat in the bus chatting among each other as a man with red orange hair with a mustache and a beard covering his face sat in front of the bus staring out the window. He frowned hearing his cell phone ringing and pulled out the device from the pocket of his green plaid shirt underneath his long black winter jacket. 
The man opened the cell phone speaking “Hello?”
He frowned hearing the contents in his ear and groaned rubbing a hand on his forehead moaning some sound. 
Then he spoke “You have my permission about Arielia. Do what’s necessary.” 
Groaning he shut the cell phone shut and put the device back in his pocket.  A sixteen year old female with long red orange hair walked up to him and slid in the seat next to the man. 
The man looked at the female who spoke “Dad, what’s going on? He doesn’t call unless there’s a problem with the others.”
The man exhaled air and spoke “A problem I’m hoping will be solved soon.” 
The bus rambled on reaching a large structural brick building with a sign in letters on it under lights that read "Tamkan High School."
The driver loudly spoke above the din of the teens voices “Gang, we’re here!” and exhaled air hearing groans of protests from the teenagers sitting in the bus.
The teens with the man got up and left the bus entering the school through one of the entrances chattering among themselves. 
The man yelled “Quiet!” 
Talk went silent as the man spoke again “The lights to the hallway aren’t on. So please head to the gym while I go turn them on.”
He gestured to double doors on his left that were open with the gym lights on blaring from them. The kids obeyed walking into the gym as the man walked further down the hallway in the darkness. 

RED ORANGE HAIRED MAN
The red orange haired man groaned and slowly got up from the floor. He went to a bench to sit while looking around at the teens. The man pulled out his cell phone unfolding a part of it and pressed buttons. 
He heard a voice speak on the phone “I told you not to call me-“
The man interrupted “The Hybrids are at the Tamkan High School. They have students and I locked in the gym as hostages.”
The man paused for a response from the voice which said “Don’t worry I’ll handle this.” 
The man opened his mouth to speak when he heard a dial tone in his ear and closed the cell phone before putting it in his pocket. 
Sighing he looked around at the teens and spoke “Where’s Lana?”
One of the teens standing next to him replied “I saw her go in the bathroom.” 
The man groaned out “Oh dear, Lana.”

UNNAMED POLICE OFFICER
The Police Officer at the switchboard yawned as he sat with the TV monitors in front of him. The switchboard in front of him was silent. It was a long slow day.
"That's the town of Tamkan" He thought. 
He was in the small town of Tamkan, in the Police Station in the city of Wolfville, Connecticut. He held up the local town newspaper, and was dated November of the year 2001.
The headline he read "Hybrids capture high”.
The headline the Officer mused to himself, followed by some article about some genetic people with animal genes in them crashed their bus and escaped to the Tamkan town's high school which happened a few days ago. 
He muttered out loud "Hybrids." 
A loud voice yelling shattered the office silence, "Get your paws off of me! I can walk myself!"
The Police man swiveled around to see entering the room the speaker was a young woman who appeared to be a teenager who was speaking in a monotone accent which he recognized that she was deaf. She was escorted by two cops wearing full riot gear. She had long black straight hair that was in a ponytail and a tan complexion. She was wearing torn blue jeans, white dirty sneakers, and a white torn thick long sleeve top with holes in it, with a black top underneath peeking out of the holes. She was yelling while being escorted inside the room towards the doors that led downstairs to the holding cells. The man watched with fascination to see her golden eyes of a hybrid glare at the officers escorting her and he saw her fade in and out from being invisible as she was led through the double doors across the room. The doors banged closed as the officers hauled her through. The Officer swiveled his chair towards the TV monitors on the screen on his right next to the switch board to show the two officers led her to an interrogation room. He saw through the monitors as they took her in the square room and chained her to the table there with handcuffs. Then the officers stood watching her.

An hour later, the Officer heard steps into the room to see a man dressed in a brown suit escorted by two other men dressed like him complete with ties and they had trench coats on over the suits. One of the men had a thick folder as the man in lead held up a wallet and flashed a badge to the Officer. 
The Officer saw as the man said “F.B.I. agent, John Jones, here to see the new Hybrid brought in.” 
The Officer spoke “She according to the monitors is in the interrogation room number one downstairs.” 
He pointed towards the double doors. The Federal agent nodded and then the three left towards the doors. He frowned hearing the doors bang shut. 

ARIELIA
In interrogation room one the woman sat stewing under the watchful eye of the two officers. 
She grumbled out loud “Nice going Arielia, stealing a car, what a way to go.” 
Arielia recalled walking in town shivering in the cold, and saw a red car that was parked on the side of the street in front of the building that housed the town library and the police station. The owner she mused was an old man dressed in some suit that had seemed fancy who left the car towards the crosswalk. She remembered thinking of making the rich miserable by stealing their cars and selling them, which is what she had been doing since being taken out of her apartment by a fire that left her homeless last month. She was forced to steal cars and sell them to black market dealers for money which resulted in helping her find shelter from the upcoming cold. She recalled doing that on the streets for a new apartment in Wolfville in a building called Burke’s Apartments. 
She grumbled again thinking “How was I supposed to know that the car was a trap?”
She remembered, waiting till the man left and crossed the street jaywalking and with a help of a tool she unlocked the car. Once inside she was about to hot wire the engine when she felt a cold steel against her head and looked to see peering out of the seats in the back was an officer in S.W.A.T. riot gear complete with a red eye wear mask. There was a long gun in the officer’s hands aimed at her head. Then the passenger door opened and another officer came in, in the same gear and handcuffed her. They proceeded to drag her from the car towards the building despite her protesting that she could walk. The woman sat in the chair fiddling with the handcuff on her left wrist chaining her to the table which was nailed to the floor. She looked up to see the door opened as three men dress in brown suits with trench coats over them, came in. One of them with short brown hair took a chair and sat in front of her and placed a thick folder on the table. 
The man pointed to his lips and spoke “I assume you lip read, Arielia?”
Arielia snarled out “Yes I lip read, I’m deaf you know.” 
The man flipped out his wallet and flashed the badge “I’m F.B.I. agent John Jones. Arielia, I have a proposition for you.” 

UNNAMED POLICE OFFICER
The Officer at the switchboard watched on the monitors as the Hybrid woman sat in the chair watching the agent held up a folder and speaking something indiscreet. The woman abruptly stood up and yelled something shaking her head and then she sat down. He watched as one of the agents came forward and restrained the woman as Jones injected her with something from a needle cylinder in her neck. The woman went slack falling unconscious. Then he heard the doors open as two paramedics with a carry-all stretcher and two large red medical bags came in. 
One of them a female spoke “We’re here for the Hybrid.” 
The Officer replied pointing “The Elevator is that way.” 
He watched as the paramedics went to the elevator and entered it. 

JONES
In the interrogation room Jones stood and dialed his cell phone with a frown on his face. 
He spoke “She didn’t agree like you said but we’ll implant her anyway.” 
The door opened revealing the two paramedics. 
Jones ordered “The One say do it and give her a change of clothes will you?”
The paramedics nodded and got to work. 

ARIELIA
Arielia came from the depths of being unconscious when she smelled something waving in front of her nose. She felt a rumble of an engine from her sitting position. She groaned moving her head the smell continued as she opened her golden eyes and stared at Jones in the passenger seat talking on his cell phone while another person was driving the van she was in. Arielia started at the officer still in riot gear waving something in front of her nose. With a growl she snapped her fanged teeth at the officer who pulled his hand away. 
She lip read the bare lips of the officer said “She’s awake.” 
Arielia found herself wearing thick blue jean pants, a white long sleeve top underneath a thick hooded black sweatshirt and attached to her was a blue fanny pack on her waist. The clothes faded as she disappeared in her hidden state. She reappeared to glare at the officer in riot gear with her golden eyes. She glared at Jones who looked back at the two of them and then continued talking on his cell phone. Arielia looked out the window to see the van was driving up the road towards the Tamkan High School. 
Feeling annoyed Arielia demanded “What the hell’s going on? I already graduated from High School and I’m not going through those four years of hell again.”
Jones shut his cell phone shut and twisted himself to face her and for Arielia to lip read, he spoke “Hybrids, number unknown crashed their bus from a prison and escaped to the school. They have the school hostage and requested you in exchange for the school Principal.” 
Arielia glared and spoke sarcastically “Hah.” 
She watched as the van came up the entrance of the school as the sun set down on the horizon. The entrance was a long narrow outdoor hallway with a large awning over it with a covered sidewalk leading towards the entrance. She saw Jones dial a number in his cell phone. 
He still facing her spoke “We have Arielia as requested so show the principal.” 
Jones got out of the van and opened the door towards where Arielia was sitting as cold air came blowing inside. Arielia felt the cuffs on her wrists were let go and she looked at the officer in riot gear. 
“Good luck” he mouthed.
She got out and stood watching as the doors illuminated by the over head lights to the high school opened showing a bald man dressed in a gray suit came out to stand. 
Arielia felt Jones push her and pointed towards the entrance to the school. She walked towards the man who walked towards her. Frowning she looked to see the man who looked haggard.
He mouthed “Be careful of his venomous claws.” 
Then they both passed each other. Arielia walked towards the doors to see that they were covered in white material with holes in them. With a frown Arielia pulled open the doors to face darkness. Entering, the door slammed behind her. She looked around as night vision came to her eyes automatically. Another set of doors faced her as she hesitated looking around and sensed a camera in the wall above her. Then she walked towards the doors to open them and stood facing a long hallway in front of her. There were covered windows leading to offices on both sides of her covered with white material. She took a step to see hallways leading to other destinations along with a large ramp hallway leading down.
She sniffed the stuffy hot air and spoke “Hello? I’m here.” 
Arielia stood frowning and repeated loudly “Hello? I’m here!”
With a disgusted sigh, Arielia looked around as a figure came walking from a door from the hallway in front of her on her right. Arielia stared with speechless shock as the figure came walking towards her with recognition in her face. The figure, a male was wearing jeans, sneakers, a tucked in shirt that was plaid with sleeves rolled up and had short black hair with bangs around his face. 
She asked “Eric, what are you doing here?”
The figure she recognized to be her older brother Eric with golden eyes, by five years came walking up to her. He was putting on black leather gloves over his hands which were Human like with claws as he walked up to her. Eric gestured with his gloved hand to follow him. Arielia followed him with a range of emotions on her face. They reached the doorway he came from. Inside she saw another person there with recognition in her face. The person she saw was Ionela with the same identical black hair that was shoulder length and golden eyes, her older sister older by three years, who was dressed in a blue jumpsuit, stood watching her. Ionela stood frowning watching Arielia came in the room with a range of emotions on her face. 
Eric turned the lights of the room on with the covered in white windows, and Arielia blinked her eyes asked “Brother and sister, what’s going on?” 
She looked at her brother then again at her sister who said “Ari, good to see you after such a long time.” 
Arielia sighed and replied “Iony, Good to see you too. What’s going on?”
She noticed Eric gestured a gloved hand towards Ionela who answered with Arielia lip reading “Nothing, just keeping us alive.” 
Ionela paused and continued “Ari, we were on our way to the Zesky Asylum to be killed.” 
Arielia opened her mouth and saw Eric waving his hand and looked at him.
He spoke “It’s true, all because of the actions of one of us.” 
Arielia asked “What happened?”
Eric angrily replied “It was Kurt and what he did after he escaped from the prison. We found out that he attacked stores full of Humans months ago, while passing on some virus affecting them with some sort of madness. The fool did it several times before he was caught and said to be killed. The government has after stalling for months has decided to kill us as a result.”
Arielia asked again “So this hostage situation?”
Eric answered “A cry for help for desperate people.” 
Arielia frowned and spoke while looking at her brother “What will happen now?”
Eric replied “Nothing just to see you safe.”
He gestured for Arielia and Ionela to follow him out of the room which the sisters did.

RED ORANGE HAIRED MAN
A cell phone rang and a bearded male with red orange hair opened it spoke “Hello?”
The voice of the caller on the phone spoke, a male voice “The plant’s inside.” 
Then the caller hung up. 
The bearded male shut the phone and spoke “They fell for it.” 

ARIELIA
The two sisters walked silently towards the elevator which took them to the third floor of the school. Reaching the darken hallway Ionela led the way to around a corner to another hallway which had a row of windows on Arielia’s right. She looked to see that the windows were showing rows of books. Reaching the doors to the library Ionela gestured her sister to go inside. Arielia went inside the library with wonder on her face. There were rows of tables and bookcases and she looked up to see that there were rows of book cases including a set of stairs that led to up the balcony towards the second floor. Arielia turned around to discover that Ionela had quietly slipped away leaving her alone. Sighing Arielia wandered around browsing among the books.  She noticed the fire alarm on the wall next to a door besides a bookcase full of books. Arielia frowned noticing a set of windows behind the bookcases in front of her and walked towards them. She looked into a green house office and entered the office while walking towards one of the chairs to sit. 
Arielia spoke out loud “I could get used to this.”
She looked out the window to see the colors of the sunset while plopping her feet on the desk. 

HUMAN FEMALE 
As the lights of the Library shined a Human stood on the balcony watching Arielia enter the green house office. The female stood and leaned over the balcony looking at the book she dropped lying on the floor below illuminated by the fading sun shining through the windows. With a sigh the female swung her long straight red orange hair out of her face and went cautiously towards the stairs. She reached the stairs and walked down them slowly listening for sounds with her sneakers silently squeaking. Then the female reached the end of the stairs peeked at the entrance to the room and could see that Arielia was still in the greenhouse room. Then she went to the door besides the fire alarm and entered closing the door. She heard a sound like a squeal and grabbed a chair that was in front of the desk as she went to the door. The door abruptly banged open as the lights turned on. The Human female froze seeing the Hybrid she witness going into the green house door standing there as the door slammed shut behind her. 

ARIELIA
Arielia stared at the Human female, both with shocks on their faces. The female reacted by throwing the chair at her. 
Arielia ducked and spoke “Hey cut that out, I won’t hurt you.”
She saw the human female stared with a range of emotions on her face. 
Arielia added advancing towards the Human “Sorry you should be with the others.” 
The Human abruptly went to stand behind the desk as Arielia yelled “Hey what are you doing?”
The Human moved her mouth and Arielia lip read “The door behind you.” 
Arielia looked to see the door crashed open to show Eric came in with a murderous glare on his face and his gloves were off showing his flexing claws. He was followed by the Ionela and the goggled hybrid. 
Arielia protested as Eric advanced towards them “Hey, don’t kill her, she’s freaking out scared that we’ll hurt her.”
Eric glared at her and then pulled his gloves on. 
Arielia lip read him speaking to the Human female “What are you doing here?”
Arielia turned towards the female who nervously pointed towards the refrigerator besides Arielia on the wall in front of Eric and slowly speaking “Insulin in the fridge, I’m diabetic.” 
The group looked as Ionela went to the refrigerator. 
Opening it she spoke “The Human is telling the truth, there are five bottles of insulin in here.” 
Eric waved a hand towards Arielia and spoke “Empty your fanny pack and we’ll put the stuff in them.” 
Eric glared at the nervous human while Arielia emptied the contents of her fanny pack which were just six packs of cards as she walked towards the refrigerator. She failed to see Eric speaking towards the goggled eyed Hybrid which the Human looked stricken hearing the words.  Arielia looked at Eric who stopped speaking with a frown and held up her fanny pack as Ionela deposited the insulin bottles in it. Then Ionela gestured for her to turn around. She did and was met with a fist in her face that nearly knocked her unconscious. Arielia’s last sight was of Eric’s furious face as he brought another fist and punched her again in the face.

Arielia woozily woke up feeling sick. She woke up to see the glare of the lights of the gym above her. Outside it appeared to be night time from the looks of the dark windows. She felt a hand on her head and opened her eyes to stare at several teenaged Humans looking at her from her position on the bench. One of them was a bearded male with short red orange hair who was sitting next to her on her right on the benches of the gymnasium. He was examining her head with his hands. The red orange male gestured to a red orange haired female which Arielia recognized as the same one from the library standing in front of her. 
She spoke with Arielia lip reading “Hybrid, are you ok?”
Arielia asked weakly “what happened?”
The female answered “Should I tell her?”
The bearded male nodded his head and injected Arielia with a syringe in her bare right arm as her head cleared she threw up a small finger sized object which the bearded male caught it. She looked to see him toss it to another male who was dressed as a security officer. 
The red orange haired female waved her hands as she spoke to Arielia who looked at her to lip read “I heard them say that you were implanted with a device which is what you threw up.”
The female continued as Arielia widen her eyes with shock “They think you betrayed them.”  
Arielia groaned as she felt her head clear up and frowned at the bearded male who pulled the syringe out of her right arm. 
Arielia looking at the female as the male gently dabbed the area on her bare arm with a cloth and put on a band aid asked “What’s with this stuff? I thought it was insulin and believe me I’m not diabetic.” 
The female replied “It’s actually anti-venom for poison-” 
Arielia interrupted “No way, he wouldn’t do that.” 
She saw the female pointed to her left arm and gestured to roll her sleeve. Arielia looked at her with confusion and looked at her left arm while rolling the sleeve, wincing in pain. She saw three ugly red gashes that were imbedded in her arm with stitches. 
Staring at her arm, Arielia frowned as she spoke while looking at the female “What happened while I was out?”
The female spoke “I saw him punch you in the face then he took off his glove and scratched you in the arm very deeply. Then they made me carry you to here which Mr. Kossman here had to sew your arm up because you were bleeding.” 
The female paused as Arielia stared with disgust on her face and continued speaking “Don’t worry Mr. Kossman says you’ll live.”
Arielia saw Mr. Kossman move his mouth but she spoke “Sorry Mr. Kossman, I can’t lip read you with your beard over your mouth.”
She looked at the female who spoke “He says ‘don’t worry the others will come and take care of them’, ok?”
Arielia sat up and looked around the room for she was in a large room that had benches jutting from the walls. She looked to see students with a range of emotions on their faces were sitting on the benches watching her while some were chatting and some were just staring at herself. 
She counted the number of students, about twenty in number with the security officer and Mr. Kossman. 
She then noticed the female stood staring at her with a hopeful expression on her face as Arielia asked “What’s really going on with the students being here?”
The beard male spoke words which the female spoke for Arielia to lip read “The group here is merely a class that came back from a trip and we wound up locked in the gym by the Hybrids.”
The female and others abruptly looked at the double doors to the gymnasium. Arielia looked to see one of the doors banged open to show Eric standing there with anger on his face.  Arielia flinched seeing him look her way with a narrowed eyed glare then he abruptly slammed the door closed.
Then she saw the Security officer speak excitedly while fiddling with the device in his hand, “I got it! The signal should be clear enough for them to find us.”

Arielia shifted on the bench from her position as the lights glared from above. She sighed looking at the wall clock. It was around two am in the morning and she noticed some of the students were sitting on the benches shifting as they stared at the double doors. She saw Mr. Kossman sitting next to her frowning at the doors. The female was sitting opposite of Arielia was also staring at the double doors to the gym. 
Arielia asked the female “What’s going on?”
The female shushed her with a hand then Arielia lip read her say “Out there is a sound like people talking through a loud speaker muffled along with something like grinding sounds.” 
Arielia groaned as suddenly the doors opened and officers with the familiar riot gear and guns came in the room. 
One of them she lips read speaking “I found them and their alive.”
Arielia watched as they came in the room with long guns and then one of them holstered his gun and stood in front of Arielia who she saw Mr. Kossman speak out of the corner of her eyes and saw him point to her left arm. 
The officer spoke Arielia lip reading to Mr. Kossman “We’re still searching the school for the Hybrids but we have secured a corridor for everyone to escape. Come on.”
Arielia got up as everyone got up and followed them out of the gymnasium to the hallway. She saw the officers standing there with riot gear, goggles and flash lighted guns showing the way out as she followed them out towards the large double doors of the school. Arielia left the school into the freezing cold and could see a bus was sitting there as the students boarded it.  Mr. Kossman grabbed her along with the female who pointed to an ambulance sitting behind the bus flashing. Arielia got the message and didn’t resist as she was led to the ambulance and sat inside with Mr. Kossman and the female. The doors to the ambulance closed and she felt the vehicle drive away. Groaning in the warmth of the ambulance Arielia leaned against the walls seeing Mr. Kossman sitting at the front part of the ambulance apparently talking to the driver and his partner according to his moving mouth. Arielia sighed watching at the female stared out the window of the ambulance. 
Arielia spoke to the female “What’s your name?”
The female looked at her whom Arielia continued “I have a name and it’s-“
The female interrupted by saying “Arielia, I know your name. The one who clawed you called you Arielia.” 
Arielia hid the look on surprise on her face as she said “I’m surprised that he would slip up. You have a name besides Human?”
The female spoke “The names Lana Kossman.” 
Arielia looked at Mr. Kossman who was busy chatting with the paramedic in the passenger seat with a frown then again at Lana who swung her long hair out of her face spoke “Mr. Kossman is a relative and chaperone of the trip.”
Understanding dawned on Arielia as she nodded her head from leaning on the wall of the ambulance and loudly asked “Where are we going?”
She saw Mr. Kossman look at them and say something which she lips read Lana say “The hospital to get your injuries checked out.” 
Arielia groaned out “I hate hospitals but I’ll go in anyway.”
She could sense Mr. Kossman looking at her sharply speaking something and saw Lana handed him a syringe with a bottle. Arielia felt her eye sight get woozy and groaned loudly. Mr. Kossman leaned over to her and injected the bottle’s contents in the syringe. Then she saw as he pulled up her right arm and felt a prick of pain and felt unconscious. Her last sight was Mr. Kossman staring at her bare left arm with a glare and Lana still looking at her with an upset expression on her face as she succumbed to the darkness. 

HYBRIDS' ESCAPE INTO FOREST: IONELA
Ionela ran in the forest of snow and trees devoid of life.  She passed a dirt road and she ran through a large clearing then she reached a tree huffing for breath and leaned against it. Using her animal senses, she sensed to see hidden among the trees was a building. She ran towards it seeking the entrance and came around the corner to face a man dressed in a white hunter like uniform. The door to the small building slammed closed behind him. The man and Ionela froze staring at each other. The man she saw had short blond hair and blue eyes which he dropped his helmet and long gun from his hands. 
He pulled at his weapons belt on his waist which he also let drop onto the ground as he spoke “Ionela.” 
Ionela let the animal inside take over as long reed like claws came from the fingers of her hands and she bared her retractable fanged teeth at the man who held his hands up. She charged grabbing the man and hauled him inside the building which she saw was a large bathroom complete with a toilet and a sink. Ionela threw the man across the room and locked the door behind her. The man sat up staring at Ionela while having his back at the wall with a window at near the ceiling. 
The man spoke “Ionela, name is Henry.”

HENRY
Henry paused as Ionela advanced towards him. He watched as she straddled his legs and pulled his shoulders till his head was near her snapping fanged teeth. Henry willed himself to calm as she closed her mouth. He grabbed her face with both hands and kissed her straight on the mouth. She jerked her head out of his grip thrusting her reed clawed hands on his face like she wanted to scratch him. 
Henry spoke “You saved lives, don’t do this.” 
He could see the confusion in her face as she stared at him. 
Henry spoke again “The victims of Kurt were saved by Eric’s venom and the blood of yours and Arielia’s. 
Ionela, he saw got up and paced retracting her claws and fanged teeth while staring at him who added “You, Eric and Arielia will live but the others die.” 
Ionela, he saw, glared at him as he stared at her. She again straddled him as he raised a hand. 
He spoke to Ionela’s growl “I won’t hurt you.”
He ran his hands through her silky black hair as he leaned forward and kissed her on the lips pulling her towards him. 

Henry sat with her sleeping leaning on his chest. He held her in his arms as a canister arrive flying through the only window above them.  The canister hit the floor and smoke started spewing from the canister. He could sense Ionela shaking in her sleep as the smoke’s contents made her sleepier and he reassured her by rubbing her sides. He saw the bathroom building door busted open in half and figures came in with guns drawn. Henry held up his hands as they took Ionela from him. He was nudged by one of the hunters to stand up. Henry obeyed and walked out in the pale sunshine. He felt an oxygen mask cover his face as he coughed out the effects of the smoke and led towards a tree where he leaned against watching them strap Ionela in a stretcher with an oxygen mask on her face. Nearby was a large clearing where a helicopter came whooping its blades down. 
Henry saw the words on the side of the helicopter said “Zesky Asylum.”   
Sighing Henry stood watching as they hauled Ionela into the helicopter and then the vehicle flew into the air till it was out of his eyes sight. He felt one of the paramedics a female, at his side put a hand on his shoulder which he shrugged off. 
The paramedic spoke “We need to get you checked out so follow me to a helicopter.” 
Henry with a glare followed the paramedics towards the road where a helicopter sat with blades swishing back and forth. 
He could again see the words on the helicopter “Zesky Asylum.”
Inside the helicopter, Henry lay on the bed staring at the paramedics. He didn’t object as one of the paramedics pulled his sleeve up and injected something in his left arm. Henry sighed. 
The male paramedic sighed as he spoke “He’s one of them.”  
The female paramedic spoke “The One will see that you’re rewarded for Ionela’s capture.”
Henry’s blue eyes glowed golden color and then changed back to blue as he watched the paramedics do their work examining him as the helicopter flew in the air.
 
BRIANNA 
Brianna in white hunter gear walked in the forest with long gun drawn looking down at the ground then went to the frozen river nearby. 
She paused staring at the river and spoke to her radio attached to her ear “Commander, I’m going to cross the river.” 
She heard the voice of her commander speak in a male voice in her radio “Don’t bother just keep following the path.” 
Brianna frowned staring at the river and walked besides it to see remains of a beaver dam that looked like it was torn apart. 
She spoke “Commander, I’m feeling compelled to cross the river and there’s a beaver dam that looks like it sustained damage. Possibly by Hybrid hands, I’m sorry I’m crossing the river now.” 
Brianna cautiously walked on the frozen river passed the remains of the beaver dam and reached the other side of the river. 
She spoke staring at the ground “I sighted tracks of a person and is following them.” 
She followed the tracks towards a cluster of trees where the tracks ended. 
Brianna looked up a tree and yelled “Don’t!”
She grimaced seeing the Hybrid she recognized as Eric fell from his perch clinging to the tree with his clawed hands, onto her with a roar. Brianna and Eric fell to the ground. She groaned as Eric was quick to get up as he grabbed her knocking away her gun in her hands and pushed her form to a tree. 
Brianna yelled out “You saved lives, Eric!”
Eric, she groaned further, responded growling as he thrust his clawed hand at her face. 
She hurriedly spoke “The victims of Kurt were saved by your venom, along with the bloods of your sisters!” 
Brianna sensed Eric hesitated as he held her form with her back to the tree, continued “You and your sisters live but the others, I’m sorry.” 
She stiffened as Eric growled at her and he pulled her helmet with the eye wear off her face revealing her brown eyes and long black hair pulled in a tail. The helmet with the eye wear fell towards the snow covered ground. She saw him stare at her with a frown. 
She spoke “Name is Brianna, Eric.” 
Brianna smiled a small smile as Eric released her and gently pushed her down on the ground to a sitting position while she leaned her back against the tree. 
She spoke again “Eric-”
Eric interrupted growling out “Talk and I’ll scratch your face, Brianna.” 
Brianna sat there watching Eric pace back and forth him glancing at her with a look she recognized on his face was of the desire to mate. She smiled every time he looked at her with the same expression on his face. 
She could hear the voice of her commander on her radio say in her ear piece “Keep Eric occupied, we have people coming to your position.”
Brianna spoke “Eric.”
Eric, Brianna saw at the moment hearing his name roared, charged at her, grabbing her and hauled her to a standing position while raising her above him. 
She heard him yell “Don’t talk!”
Brianna held her hands up as Eric dropped her onto the snow and she landed on her back. She groaned and felt Eric help her in a sitting position. Brianna was frowning as she saw Eric raised a clawed hand towards her face which she stiffened. 
Eric spoke “I’m not going to hurt you.” 
Brianna kept herself still as Eric gently put a knuckle on her face which felt like snake skin to the touch which she pressed into his hand. Brianna was slowly pulled in a hug by Eric and she wrapped her arms around his form as she buried her face in the crook of his neck area. She could sense Eric rub his hands in her ponytail hair and leaned his head on her head. 

Brianna didn’t know how long they were in this position when Eric shook roaring in pain his clawed hands waving wildly. Brianna looked to see a long cylinder device imbedded in his back as he waved his arms. 
She gripped her hold onto him pulling his waving arms down while speaking “Calm down, Eric, it’s alright.” 
Brianna held onto Eric as he struggled to fight the cylinder’s contents. She could sense him relaxing and laid his head on her shoulder. Eric, she sensed stopped shaking to relax as he closed his eyes and his arms went still. She could feel Eric’s shaking stop as he fell asleep by the contents of the cylinder. 
Sighing Brianna spoke loudly “Eric’s out. You can come out now.” 
She heard rustling of snow crunching to see fellow hunters dressed like her arrived from their places behind trees surrounding them with guns drawn with one of them holding a plastic stretcher board in hand. The Hunters tied Eric to a plastic stretcher board and with Brianna’s help carried the stretcher to a clearing where a helicopter sat with blades whirling. Brianna stood watching as two paramedics came out of the helicopter carrying a mask attached to a small oxygen tank which they put on Eric’s face.  Then the stretcher was loaded onto the helicopter and Brianna saw the machine rise up in the sky flying out of sight. She sensed a hand on her shoulder from one of the hunters and shrugged the hand off. 
The hunter spoke in a male voice “Brianna, the One will see that you’re rewarded.”
Brianna with a glare as the man spoke again “Just to let you know, Ionela was captured with the help of your brother Henry.”
Brianna nodded and spoke “Good.”
Then she walked away from man. 
The man followed Brianna to her annoyance while speaking “Brianna, please get on the helicopter.”
She looked to see another helicopter came roaring down with its blades whirling into the clearing on the sides the words “Zesky Asylum.”   
The man spoke “The One wants you safe from retaliation from the others.” 
Brianna sighed and walked towards the helicopter which the doors opened and she got in. Once inside she saw one of the two female paramedics speak “Brianna.” 
Brianna’s eyes glowed golden color then faded back to brown as she sensed the paramedic roll her sleeve at the elbow to inject something from a cylinder. Brianna lay down on a stretcher bed, with a sigh, as the paramedic put a tube full of liquid in the cylinder and the liquid went in her arm. Brianna’s eyes closed as she let exhaustion over take her and she fell asleep. 

ALEXEI ZESKY
Alexei stood in the doorway of the airplane hanger room watching as paramedics rushing Ionela on a bed passed him. 
He frowned as the helicopter pilot came running up to him speaking “It’s Henry, he mated with Ionela who’s having a life form rapidly growing inside her.” 
Alexei growled out “Drat.” 

HYBRIDS' CAPTURE: ARIELLIA
Arielia woke up to feel light shining in her eyes. She shook her head and felt something purring on her chest. She woke up to stare at green eyes stared back at her belonging to a white furry head and a colorful brown furry body sitting on her chest. The furry body she saw was a cat. Sighing she stared at the room she was in. Light of the day shined from two small rounded windows in the room. She saw white machines flashed with tubes attached to her arms on both sides and she smacked her lips of thirstiness. The cat sitting on her stood on four paws and stretched its back in an arch. The cat proceeded to sit on its haunches while licking its paws. She looked to see a closed door and saw the cat stop its washing to stare at her. Arielia frowned as the cat opened proceeded to open its mouth several times. She watched as the cat resumed washing its’ paws as the brown door opened revealing a brown haired woman dressed in a blue nurse uniform came in with a tray. Arielia watched as the woman took a cup of water from the tray, and helped her in a sitting position as the cat walked off to sit by her legs. Arielia greedily drank the water. 
Once her thirst was gone she asked “What’s going on?”
The woman frowned and spoke “You’re in a recovery room from having surgery to repair the damage to your left arm and from the venom.” 
Arielia looked at her left arm to see it was wrapped in a bandage and jutting from it were tubes which were attached to a machine that had rotating wheels on it. 
The woman continued noticing Arielia’s questioning look at her while pointing at her lips “The scratches tore some ligaments in your left arm and so did the venom injected in the arm. You’re lucky to have the antidote injected right away for without it you would have lost your arm.” 
Arielia asked “Oh what happened to the Hybrids in the Tamkan high school?”
A pained look came on the nurse’s face as she answered “I’m not the one to tell you this.” 
The nurse suddenly left the room with Arielia staring at her back with a confused expression on her face.  Arielia frowned as she looked around the room. She could see the two windows on her right side from the bed with the sun carelessly shining through them. Next to the bed was a remote control to the TV in the tall chunky dresser at the foot of it. Arielia sighed groaning in pain as she sat up from the bed in a sitting position. 
She stared at the cat sitting at her legs at the bed with unblinking eyes and told the cat “I wonder what happened to the Hybrids in the Tamkan High School? Too bad you can’t talk, kitty, for if you did I wouldn’t be able to understand a word. Deaf, you know.”
She saw the door open and Mr. Kossman came in the room with a pad, a pen and over it was a thick brown folder filled to the brim, while writing something on the pad. 
He held the pad up for Arielia to read “The Hybrids at the school have not been found. They are currently searching the forests surrounding the school, looking for them. You have a brother and sister among the Hybrid group.” 
Arielia from her sitting position spoke “Brother and sister?”
She saw as Mr. Kossman took a chair next to the bed and sat down. He opened the thick file and held up a large colored photo. The photo was a head shot of Eric looking at the camera with a nasty look on his face while baring his teeth to Arielia’s surprise was like a police mug shot. 
Mr. Kossman wrote something on the pad and held it up, “I believe you know that the man in the picture is your biological brother named Eric. He’s who Lana identified as the one who gave you the venomous scratches on your arm.” 
Then she watched as Mr. Kossman pulled out another picture which he held up which showed a head shot of Ionela also looking at the camera with a disgusted expression on her face like a police mug shot. 
Mr. Kossman wrote something down and showed the contents to Arielia which said “I also believe you know that the woman in the picture is your biological sister named Ionela.” 
He wrote “The couple is your biological parents, Andrew and Anya.” 
With a sigh he pulled something out of the file and held up a faded black and white photo of a young couple who were staring at the camera with smiles. The picture showed them standing on a cliff with a mountain top view behind them. Anya, Arielia saw was dressed in a wedding gown while Andrew was dressed in a tuxedo. Arielia gasped seeing the resemblance towards Lana on Andrew’s face. 
She asked “Why does Andrew remind me of Lana?”
Mr. Kossman wrote something down on the paper pad and held it up. “Lana is your biological sister who Andrew fathered along with you, Eric and Ionela.” 
Arielia shook her head of shock and spoke “What’s really going on? Why did Eric and Ionela tell me that they were going to the Zesky Asylum to be killed?”
Arielia froze seeing Mr. Kossman narrow his eyes. He set the pad down on her legs and flipped through the thick file then held up a head shot picture of a male with apparent short black hair who had a snarling look towards the camera with normal brown eyes.
Then Mr. Kossman set down the photo and wrote something on the paper pad holding up to show the contents “The man in the photo is named Kurt who freed himself from the Prison the Hybrids were kept in, infected with a virus. He went insane infecting people in stores while covered up in a bed sheet and holding a gun in his hand which is why the hybrids are facing death.”
Arielia protested “The Hybrids are facing death because of what he did? This is ridiculous!”
Mr. Kossman wrote “Yes it’s ridiculous but their fates are out of my hands.” 
Arielia angrily spoke “Who ordered this death sentence and what about me?”
Mr. Kossman sighed and wrote words which Arielia read “One of the founders of the Zesky Asylum’s granddaughter got infected with the flu like virus in January 2001 courtesy of Kurt. She was recently cured last month in October, thanks to a cure found in Eric’s venom, and in the blood of Ionela and you. As for the death sentence the founders have decreed that Eric, Ionela and you will live while the others die.” 
Arielia groaned out “Why just Eric, Ionela and I? What about the others?”
Mr. Kossman wrote “There are substances of you three that provided the cure that saved the life of the granddaughter and others under the virus which has proven you three are valuable worthy of life.” 
Arielia frowned reading the contents of Mr. Kossman’s notes as the cat yawned. 
Arielia asked “Why were we created?”
At that moment Arielia saw the cat arched its’ back and opened its’ mouth like it was yawning which she noticed Mr. Kossman took a sharp look at the cat and wrote “That’s one question that is to be determined, which I’m trying to find out.” 
He abruptly got up from the seat and left the room with Arielia staring at his back. 
She told the cat “This is getting strange and weird.”
The cat stared at her with unblinking eyes and with an open mouth like yawn the cat curled in a ball and appeared to Arielia to be snoozing. A wave of sleepiness came to Arielia who sighed and slowly leaned back in the bed and closed her eyes. 

KOSSMAN
Kossman stood outside the door with a frown on his face and sighed as he stared at the door to Arielia’s room. 
“Arielia” He thought, “If only you knew the truth.” 
He held up the folder and removed the pad and saw the words on top of the thick folder file which said “GENETIC EXPERIMENTAL WEAPONS.” 
He saw on the wall next to the door was an artist colored drawing of a yellow gold planet and a green moon orbiting it with the stars of space in the background. 
Kossman read the words on the plate next to the drawing which read “Planet Humania and Moon Edenia by Broderick O’Neil, deceased September 2001.” 
Shaking his head Kossman sighed and walked down the dimly lighted hallway passed doors on both sides. 

IONELA
Ionela woke up feeling pain racking her body. She groaned from lying on the bed. Ionela looked to see the room she was in was all white with a window that had bars on it in the wall above the bed. Groaning she felt her arms were strapped to the bed and could feel the new life inside her moving. Ionela looked at her naked self to find that her abdomen was swollen with child and she groaned as another spasm of pain came. She looked to see that there was a black window in the wall which indicated was the door. The door abruptly slid open and three people dressed in all white came inside pushing a large cart. Their brown eyes were seen and the eyes appeared unkind.  One of them wordlessly plopped an oxygen mask on Ionela’s face who growled groaning in pain which made her fell asleep. 

She groggily woke up to hear the sound of a baby crying and barely saw the medics leave the room pushing the cart. The door slid closed behind them. Ionela found herself wearing some blue smock dress and felt some soreness in her abdomen area. Her arms were free from the restraints. She put a hand on the sore area to find it was a little rounded. Groaning Ionela sighed and lay curled on her side. 
She frowned thinking “Eric, Ari where are you?”
Ionela let the tiredness of sleep overcome her and she closed her eyes. 

ALEXEI ZESKY
Alexei stood in his office with arms folded waiting as Henry came into the room. He narrowed his eyes with anger and flicked on a monitor in the wall with a remote. He saw Henry gasp seeing an overhead view of Ionela with oxygen mask on her face lying naked on a bed as three medics working over her yanked out a moving baby from inside her. One of them held up the baby and then placed the baby in a boxy cart as a second took off the oxygen mask on Ionela’s face as the third medic placed a blue smock dress over Ionela’s naked form. The medics turned and left Ionela disappearing from the camera view as Alexei shut the monitor to glare at Henry who looked at him. 
Alexei spoke “The baby, a male is yours according to tests. I suspect you did a lot more than capturing her in that outhouse.”
He saw Henry’s mouth turn into a frown as he continued “You made no secret of wanting Ionela like your sister wanting Eric, Ionela’s brother. You both were told that that Eric and Ionela were to be isolated from the outside world and that included from you and Brianna.  What happened to Ionela has me tempted to order you to be put down along with your son and your sister.”
Alexei paused to place the remote control on the desk and he added “I won’t give the order for Kossman has pleaded on the behalf of you and Brianna to let you and your sister to be mates of Eric and Ionela. One of the reasons he has given me was of Eric told to kill your sister and he was observed in the middle of his attack on her having an angry rage episode which Brianna seen calming him down.” 
Alexei folded his arms eyes still narrowed at Henry who was still frowning.

BRIANNA
Brianna entered the room to see the One, called Alexei Zesky standing with Kossman dressed in a blue jumpsuit identical to hers, whose talk went silent when they saw her. 
She spoke “I’m here about my reward for capturing Eric.” 
Alexei lowered his arm from rubbing his bare chin with a hand spoke “What reward is that, Brianna?”
Brianna replied “I want to be Eric’s mate and bear his children.”
She saw Alexei frown as Kossman abruptly looked at him with a frown on his face.
Brianna continued “That’s my reward and it’s all I ask.” 
She watched as the One and Kossman looked at each other before Alexei spoke “I have to think about it. Go wait in one of the viewing rooms, Brianna.” 
Brianna frowned then she left the room walking down the hallway entering a doorway in an all black room. The monitor on the wall was on showing Eric in his padded cell. Brianna frowned staring at the monitor screen on the wall. She adjusted the blue jumpsuit collar she was wearing with her hands out of nervousness. The scene, she saw showed an overhead view of Eric. He was acting angry while clawing the walls with his claws. Brianna stiffened seeing Eric flinched as she saw a long object sticking out of his back.  She watched on the screen as Eric jerked standing then he swayed and fell towards the mattress like floor and saw two people in white came into the room pulling Eric. They pulled him out of the room, past the camera’s eyesight and then the monitor went black. The fluorescent lights of the room Brianna was in turned on as the door to the room slid open. 
She looked to see Kossman came in the room that stood and spoke “The One has agreed to your request, Brianna. I must warn you that Eric must be contained. He has an animalistic nature that makes him act wild from time to time.”
Brianna nodded and answered “I think I can handle him, Kossman.” 
Kossman sighed and spoke “I have news that your brother, Henry has fathered a son with Eric’s sister Ionela.” 
Brianna replied “Interesting.” 
She saw Kossman gesture towards the door which she left the room with him following her. They walked silently shoulder to shoulder down a dark metal hallway with round overhead lights that dimly shined with the pipes surrounding the light sources.  Brianna frowned as Kossman walked with her towards a small circular room which a door slid closed behind them. Kossman pressed a button on one of the buttons in the wall and Brianna felt the sensation of going down. There was an overhead light that blinked as the elevator passed floors in a fast pace. Then the elevator stopped with a thud and the doors slid open. They were in a hallway that was brown with the familiar round overhead lights. There were doors with letters on them on the sides.  
Kossman spoke “Eric, according to the One has been put in cell block labeled CT. Good luck handling him, Brianna.” 
Brianna nodded and left the elevator. The door slid closed behind her. She walked down the hallway looking at the doors reading the letters. Reaching the door labeled CT she pressed a hand on a small monitor next to the door. With a humming sound the door slid open showing its thickness and Brianna stepped in the room. The door slid closed behind her. She looked to see that she was in an all white room with a high small barred window at the end and under the window was an unconscious Eric in a kneeling position with chains loosely attached to his wrists to a metal bar jutting out of the wall. His wrists and arms were over his head as he was shaking as he fought being asleep. Brianna stood and went to the corner to sit watching him. She pulled her legs up and held them as she watched Eric jerked himself awake. 

AFTER BRIANNA BIRTHS ERIC'S SON: KOSSMAN
Watching Eric through the black window was Kossman who stood next to a console on an upper deck of the large room he was in. 
He pressed a button and spoke to Eric through the microphone “Eric, Brianna is alright and so is your son.” 
He watched as Eric who was glaring at the window, from the cell, stuck a finger and continued leaning against the padded walls with his arms folded. 
Kossman sighed and continued “I’m sorry, Eric but she was the only way to capture you alive.” 
Kossman gestured with a hand and then the window slid open. An orderly covered up in white fired a dart gun which the dart landed on Eric’s arm. Eric, Kossman saw threw his hands up with a disgusted look on his face as the dart’s contents took effect. Kossman watched as Eric fell towards the padded floor and was still. He slid the window closed as the door to cell thumped open and watched two medics in white came in the room and proceeded to haul Eric out of the room.  
Kossman spoke to the orderly standing next to him “See that Eric is placed with Arielia and Ionela in the rugged room for a family reunion.” 

ARIELIA
Arielia woke up lying on a thick mattress like padded floor. She found herself wearing a grey tank top with white pants and her feet were bare. She looked around to find herself in an all light blue padded room with a small window in the padded wall that indicated was a door. Arielia saw that there was a toilet with a sink in the corner and a mirror above it and over her head was a large black window in the wall.  The window slid open and a large package came flying out which landed onto the floor with a thump against the pads. Groaning Arielia looked at her left arm to see that there were three scar lines from Eric scratching her. She flexed her arm and felt no pain. Sighing Arielia walked towards the package and unzipped it open. She looked to see colorful squares and a drink bottle with red liquid inside it. With another sigh Arielia sat down and began to eat the squares. 
She frowned thinking “Eric, Iony, where are you?” 

Arielia sat in her cell with a frown watching the overhead window which slid opened and she flinch feeling a prick of pain in her right shoulder. Arielia saw an object sticking in her shoulder and she yanked it out.  Arielia saw the object had a long needle at one end and a feather at another end. She looked up to feel a wave of sleepiness hit her which made her yawn. Yawning Arielia fell unconscious. 

Arielia woke up shaken awake by a hand. She was lying on a floor that felt like rugs piled up together. She annoyingly opened her eyes to face Ionela with a worried expression on her face. Arielia opened her mouth to talk when Ionela clamped a hand on her mouth. 
She lip read Ionela say with her moving mouth “Don’t talk, Eric’s here and he’s sleeping. I don’t want him to wake up angry to do you physical harm.” 
Arielia sat up and looked around the room to see that the three were in a large square room with black walls and the floor she saw was covered with colorful rugs piled on top of each other. The ceiling was far above them and had gangplanks with people hidden behind the large bright lights watching them. Arielia noticed Ionela point with a finger and looked to see Eric lying on the rugs nearby with his form twitching.
Arielia with Ionela’s help sat up in a cross legged position next to her sister.  The three, Arielia noticed, were all wearing white pants and grey tank tops with their feet bare.   
Ionela hand signed in sign language “After Eric knocked you out; he yanked your sleeve and scratched your arm, which you seem to know about.” 
Arielia replied in hand signed sign language “One of the Humans told me what happened. What happened to cause you and the others to leave the school?”
Ionela signed “We left because of someone’s treachery.” 
Arielia signed “Oh no, that must be me.” 
Ionela replied “No, no the traitor’s not you but was Sue.” 
Arielia asked “Who’s Sue?”
Ionela answered “Sue Ulian, a Human, who we thought was a Hybrid was with us on the bus when we force crashed it and entered the school. We found out too late, a radio implant in Sue. She has been relaying information to the Humans which made it easier for them to sabotage us-“ 
Arielia interrupted to sign “Does Eric know of this?”
Ionela signed “Yes, he knows. Eric, I and the Hybrids were forced to leave the school, not after John made a mess of Sue.” 
Arielia asked, as the sisters notice Eric twitch violently, in sign language “Who’s John and what did he do to her?”
Ionela keeping her eyes on Eric, replied “John is one of us Hybrids, sort of used her as a punching bag. He could have killed Sue but Eric stopped him, didn’t want to make another mess of things with her death.” 
Ionela stopped signing as the women saw Eric turn to his side with his back to them. Ionela settled herself in a kneeling position from her cross legged pose, as he shook his head and sat up. Arielia and Ionela both frowned as Eric looked around the room then he turned his head towards the two sisters. Arielia stiffened seeing the angry look on his face when his eyes laid on her. The sisters watched as Eric slowly got up and stood with an angry look on his face glaring at them. Then Eric slowly walked towards them with his hands flexing, with anger on his face. 
Arielia looked at Ionela speaking using her voice with her sister lip reading “Eric, she paid the price with the scratches on her arm.” 
Eric kept his mouth shut as he walked closer. Ionela abruptly stood up with her hands behind herself. 
Arielia spoke using her voice “Eric, you want me to apologize?”
Eric response was to open his mouth showing fanged teeth with a glaring look on his face. 
Ionela flexed her reed like claws from her fingers and bared her retractable fangs while glaring at Eric, she spoke “Your not hurting Arielia again.” 
Arielia frowned as Eric and Ionela advanced towards each other with claws swiping. Arielia made self disappear with her hidden ability and stood up watching her brother and sister advance towards each other. 

KOSSMAN
Above on a gangplank Kossman sighed and spoke “This family reunion isn’t working, Eric is still angry. “
Kossman heard his cell phone ring and pulled the device out of his jumpsuit pocket while opening the device. 
He spoke in the phone “Kossman here.”
Kossman, hearing the contents of the phone, flinched as he saw Ionela kick Eric in the head with her foot and avoid a swipe from one of Eric’s claws. 
He shut the cell phone shut and spoke “New plan from the One. Release the hunter siblings in the room with the fighters.” 

LANA SHOWS HERSELF TO ERIC SAYING SHE'S HIS SISTER: KOSSMAN
Above the group on a gangplank watching Kossman swore to himself muttering “Lana, You could have gotten hurt.”
He frowned watching the situation pointing with his pointer finger at the group. He could hear the sounds of dart guns cocking aimed at the group watching Lana. 

ERIC SCRATCHES HIMSELF WITH HIS CLAWS: KOSSMAN
Kossman stood above behind the black open window watching the paramedics work on Eric. 
He heard one of them yell “The venom is killing him, give him the antidote now!”
He saw the paramedics inject an unconscious Eric with a needle like cylinder into his back. The needle was attached to a tube which led to a large clear bag attached to a pole next to them, which dripped liquid into Eric. Kossman sigh some sound with a frown staring at Eric as the paramedics worked on saving his life.  Kossman groaned as he heard his cell phone ring. 
He opened the device speaking “Kossman here.”
He heard the familiar male voice speak “Andrew, have Eric sent to medical. Once he’s healed give him the special gloves and make sure he’s punished for this.” 
Kossman spoke “Will do.” 
He folded the cell phone and poked his head out the window while speaking “Orders from the One. Put Eric in Medical and make sure he’s given the chain gloves. Have the doctor give clearance for Eric to receive the punishment.” 
He saw the paramedics down below him nod their heads. One gestured as an orderly came in the room carrying a stretcher which Kossman watched as Eric was placed onto it and hauled out of the room.

KOSSMAN
Kossman with a glare on his face stood from above behind the black window, observing Eric. He held up a small boxy device, a tape recorder and pressed a button. 
He heard Eric’s voice on the tape recorder speaking words “I don’t understand it. No matter what I do, they keep finding fault with my actions and keep punishing me. I never seem to do anything right in their eyes at all.”
Kossman pressed a button and the recorder when silent. He stared at Eric eating and drinking slowly in the padded cell. 
Kossman pressed a button on the device and spoke “Entry log twelve, Eric, I don’t know how, knows who I am today. He met the One and learned the truth why he should be contained but I doubt that he’ll be able to remember the information. The sleep drugs have a side effect of making him forget things. So it’s possible that he’ll forget and revert back to his angry behavior something he has not learned to control.”
Kossman shut off the tape recorder and stood watching Eric in the cell. He heard his cell phone ring and pulled the device out with his other hand unfolding it. 
He spoke “Kossman here.” 
Kossman heard the voice of the One speak “Tell Eric if he wants to see Brianna and his son, he has to cooperate and do what he’s ordered to do.” 
The One hung up and Kossman shut the cell phone shut putting it back in his pocket.

KOSSMAN
Kossman stood behind the window watching Eric ram himself into the padded walls out a fit of anger. He watched as Eric roared some nonsense sound as he charged. 
Kossman groaned out “Poor Eric.” 
End Earth Stories

TERRANIA: AFTER HUMANIA UNITES WITH EARTH

MERRA
Merra detects brain mind in the cruise ship linking herself with Eric and has a chat with her which she learns is named Anya. Merra talks to Anya who tells her that Eric is her son who she birthed when she had a Human body. Anya mentions that she rejected Eric from birth and kept on rejecting him till he lashed out at her when he was ten years old with his poisonous claws which killed her Human body. Anya adds that she regrets rejecting Eric which after he clawed her started having great rages of anger that are uncontrollable and come and go without warning. Anya blames herself for the rejection causing Eric to suffer from those uncontrollable rages of anger. Merra asks about Anya linking herself to Eric which she replies it’s to keep herself close to him which keeps him from leaving the cruise ship, which she also says she can’t break the link till his mate Brianna dies and then the link will be destroyed. Merra says she understands as she and Anya finish their talk and stops talking to each other. Merra detects another mind in the ship a female named Lana asleep in a tube that Merra starts conversation with talking about things without mentioning Anya to her which Merra tells Lana what’s people on the ship are doing.  

KOSSMAN
Kossman stood in the tube room with Brianna next to him. He pressed a button on the monitor which opened showing the tube empty. 
Kossman spoke “Eric’s gone from the tube. He’s somewhere on the ship.” 
He went to another monitor across from the hallway as the empty tube slid back in the wall and pressed a button. The tube opened showing a female with red orange hair wearing a blue jumpsuit lying asleep. 
Kossman spoke “At least she survived.”
He went to the monitor on the wall and pressed his hand on it. The tube glass partition remained closed covering the female. 
A female tone computer voice spoke “Authorization denied.” 
Kossman spoke “Impossible.”
He fiddled with the monitor screen’s switches as Brianna spoke “What’s wrong Kossman?”
Kossman replied “The tube glass partition is supposed to open from scanning my hand print after touching the monitor here.”
The female computer voice spoke “Authorization from Eric Kossman required.” 
Kossman frowned and spoke “The monitor has been set for Eric’s hand which is impossible. He doesn’t know how to do this. Only I and one other have the authorization to do the hand changes. ” 
He touched the screen speaking “Who authorized the hand changes?”
Kossman swore hearing the computer voice spoke “Alexei Zesky.”
Kossman spoke “What is Alexei doing with the hand change?”
He swore foul language and slammed a hand on the tube glass which got the tube to slide back into the wall. Kossman shook his head and walked down the hallway with Brianna following him. They left the hallway to see the stairs going up and walked up them. 

ARIELIA
Arielia walked wandering through corridors and hallways looking in doorways. She saw an open doorway and stepped into the rugged room. Arielia looked around walking further into the large room with its black walls. She went to a wall and saw barely a round window and put her hands on the wall under the small window. The wall opened like a door and Arielia fell inside the room landing on the padded floor. She groaned and sat up with a gasp of shock seeing the pad room and the figure lying in front of her recognizing as Eric. Eric lay on his back with eyes closed not moving as Arielia walked forwards putting a hand on his chest. She felt his chest move up and down as he breathed and shook his arm. Eric stayed asleep as she pulled his ear. Frowning Arielia left the room running out. She ran out of the rugged room to a maze of hallways and stairs then reached a stairwell which she ran up the stairs and entered the tan hallway to see Kossman and Brianna standing chatting. Reaching them she gasped for breath signing frantically with her hands. 
Arielia saw Brianna move her mouth and lip read her say “Ari I’m not fluent in your hand language, use your voice.”
Arielia yanked Brianna on the arm pulling her towards the double doors of the cafeteria and entered the room still gasping for breath while being followed by Kossman. Once in the room she waved her arms getting Ionela’s attention that was quick to walk towards her as Arielia signed her words. 
Ionela spoke interpreting Arielia’s words “Says it’s Eric, I found him in a pad room unconscious. I can’t wake him up.”

BRIANNA
Brianna sighed and looked at Kossman who had anger in his eyes as he folded his arms. 
She spoke in pleading tones “Kossman please let Eric free. Ricky has the same venomous claws as Eric and needs a male figure to teach him how to use them properly. He and Cassie need their father.” 
Kossman growled out in an angry tone of voice “I don’t agree to this, Brianna.”
Brianna frowned but pleaded out “Please Kossman, free your son Eric.”
Kossman glared at her as she stared at him with a sad look on her face.
She heard Ionela speak “Ricky will be getting older and will need discipline from only a father can give.” 
Kossman spoke “He has Henry and I. Don’t need to free Eric.” 
Brianna frowned and opened her mouth when she heard a screech sound. The adults looked to see Cassie toddling towards them crying. 
Brianna ran to her daughter and lifted her up settling the child on her hip as Cassie cried out “Mommy, Ricky hit me.” 
Brianna carried her daughter to the corner of the cafeteria where on thick blue pads sat three children similar in ages sitting there playing with toys among them. 
Brianna seeing her son sitting with Harry and Anna spoke “Eric Junior.”
Brianna stared at Ricky looked up with anger in his brown eyes growling as she put Cassie down on the pad who clung to her leg tightly. 
Brianna spoke “Ricky, it’s not nice to hit people and don’t do that again.”
She saw Ricky’s face turn to anger as he opened his mouth revealing fanged teeth and gave a small roaring sound waving his mitten hands. 
Brianna peeled Cassie off her leg and walked towards her son while speaking “Ricky, stop that now or face the wall.”
She saw Ricky get up as she reached him and grabbed his arm holding it in a tight grip while speaking “Ricky, stop this behavior now.”
Brianna flinched as Ricky swiped at her with his mitten hands while growling, acting angry. She looked up at Kossman who was standing across the room with a pleading look on her face. Kossman walked towards them as she pulled Ricky towards the bare wall. 
Brianna spoke “Ricky, face that wall and don’t move.” 
She let go of Ricky who attacked her legs with his hands swiping while growling loudly.
Brianna looked to see Kossman jog up to the two grabbing Ricky who struggled as he was lifted up. 
She looked at Kossman who held Ricky in a tight grip arms around him while hearing him speak “Eric Junior that behavior is not acceptable and stop it.” 
Brianna frowned hearing Ricky cry out “Daddy, help!”
She saw the shocked expression in Kossman’s eyes as he held Ricky. 
He spoke “Oh dear, Eric.”
She looked at Ricky who stopped struggling to cry tears from his face. Kossman set Ricky down who toddled towards Brianna grabbing her by her legs burying his face. Brianna stared at Kossman who spoke “Oh well, I guess I hate to say it but appears that Ricky needs his father.” 
She saw him walk away towards Arielia who was standing watching and saw him fingerspell with his hand words to her. Arielia nodded her head and left the room with Kossman following her.

AFTER ERIC RETURNS FROM BEING CLAWS: ARIELIA
Arielia stared at Eric growled shaking his head unseeing the white room and his sister. He stood wearing white pants and nothing else on. His tank top was lying shredded on the floor nearby her. She frowned staring at him from her position against the wall in her hidden state. Arielia eyed the open door to the room with Eric standing in the way. She edged sliding herself on the wall closer to the door and froze. Eric looked up from staring at his bare hands. His eyes, she saw with shock, were all black and not golden like hers. Frowning Arielia cautiously walked towards the door with her back sliding on the wall. Suddenly Eric charged towards the wall where she was in her hidden state. His right hand in a fist punched the wall inches from the side of her head. He growled snapping his fanged teeth. Eric, she saw had a deep scratch mark on his right bare arm that oddly looked like one of his claw marks. Arielia waited as Eric removed his fist from the wall and turned to his side facing away from her. She ran towards the door in her invisible state and as she reached the door her hair in a ponytail was grabbed from behind as a hand grabbed her shoulder. Groaning Arielia felt herself thrown from the door to the other side of the room. She hit the wall with a thud appearing out of her hidden state to see Eric charging at her. Arielia braced herself as he brought a fist in her face. She slid down towards the ground as Eric raised another fist towards her. He hesitated as she saw a flash of lightening came from the door. Arielia gasped as Eric stopped and turned around to look at the door. She woozily saw behind him in the doorway was a ball of lightening. Eric walked towards the ball, she saw, as in a trance. She shook her head as Eric walked in the doorway disappearing in a flash of lightning. Arielia forced herself to crawl towards the doorway and reaching the hallway she laid on the ground letting darkness take her.

BRIANNA 
Brianna ran in the hallways towards the great rugged room. She opened the door with her hands as her eyes flashing golden color from brown. She saw a figure lying on the floor and ran to him. The figure Brianna could see was Claws, the Killers’ ex-leader who had appeared in a flash of light in the room. He was jerking as he lay on the ground as his clothes crumbled from his body. She barely heard shouting on the gangplanks high above her. Claws shook his head and sat up, him bare for all to see. Brianna stood watching him as he looked at her and got up from his standing position. Claws stood and charged at her. Brianna waited till he reached her then she brought her right hand and slapped him hard in the face. Claws stopped his charge putting a clawed hand on his face.  Wordlessly Brianna took his left arm taking off the manacle on the arm and did the same for his other arm which the manacles crumbled. He looked at her with a narrowed eyed glare. 

ARIELIA
Arielia ran towards the doorway of the room with the mirror in her hands. She came out face to face with the Drainer who she recognized to be Aiden and froze. Aiden towered over her stared at her. 
Arielia stiffened as he put a hand on her neck feeling it then he stepped aside and gestured signing “You look fine.”
Arielia nodded her head and then went to the double doorway next to the room she came out and opened the doors as Aiden stood watching her leave. Arielia ran down a maze of hallways and stairs. She reached the desired door and opened it. Reaching the room she saw Brianna lying on the floor unconscious with Claws standing over her. He looked around wildly as she came in the room in her hidden state with the mirror behind her back.  
Arielia spoke “Eric.” 
Then she revealed herself as the man looked at her, he charged. As he reached her Arielia brought the mirror and thrust it in his face. Claws stopped his charge and stared at the mirror with a growl. He threw his hands to push it aside but Arielia pulled the mirror out of his hand shot and pushed it in his face. Abruptly the mirror was grabbed by the man whom Arielia let go.  She slowly pulled out a needle syringe from her fanny pack and slowly walked around the man to his left side. She darted the syringe in his muscular arm and pushed the contents into him. Claws flinched from pain dropping the mirror with a crash. Arielia stood frozen as Claws turned and charged at her as she held the empty needle cylinder. She braced herself for his attack. The man stopped mid charge and shook his head grabbing his head with his hands. She stood watching him as he kneeled on the rugged floor. Arielia slowly walked away towards Brianna and kneeled next to her. She examined Brianna who slowly opened her eyes. Brianna grabbed Arielia pushing her aside as Claws attacked them. His charge went pass the two women and he fell to the floor grabbing his shaking head. Brianna got up with Arielia’s help to face the man who curled in a ball on his left side while grabbing his head. 
Arielia felt her head pulled to face Brianna’s serious face who spoke with her lip reading “Fill the syringe from the anti-venom vial please and hand it to me.” 
Arielia obeyed pulling out a bottled vial with the syringe, from her fanny pack and filled the contents in the needle cylinder. She handed the needle to Brianna who calmly walked to the man lying on the rugged floor and picked up his right arm. She injected the contents of the syringe in the man’s arm that didn’t flinch but lay still. 
Brianna ordered to Arielia watching her “See that Eric is put in a pad room and give him some clothes.”
Arielia nodded and went to the hidden radio intercom on the wall and spoke relaying Brianna’s orders. 

ARIELIA
Arielia came walking towards Ionela whose back was to the window with her arms folded. 
Her sister signed “He’s bedding her if you catch my meaning.” 
Arielia using her voice spoke “I get it. Is Henry keeping Ricky and Cassie out?”
Ionela exhaled air and signed “Their anxious to see their father but their mother wants him alone for awhile.” 

HENRY
Henry sat at the door to the pad room with a frown. He heard a rap coming from the door’s small window and got up to stand.  Henry saw Eric peering through the window with a glare. Sighing Henry opened the door and Eric stepped out dressed in his clothing followed by Brianna wearing her dress.  They stood when two figures came running towards them. Eric kneeled and held out his arms as the figures reached him. Henry watched as Ricky and Cassie gripped Eric furiously hugged by his arms. 
Henry heard Ricky speak “Dad” as Cassie spoke “Daddy.” 

AIDEN: DISCOVERY OF EMPEROR PALIN'S BODY 
Aiden woke up from a dream with his head on a table on his arms. In the dream he was standing in the darkness hearing voices speaking faintly. 
“Who are you?” He said in Basic the International Language. 
One voice he recognized to be Emperor Palin who said “I am where I am, sealed and sleeping, free me.” 
Aiden woke up jerking his head up as the sun shined her rays through the windows of the large towering cruise ship where Aiden sat inside in a large cafeteria like room. Aiden got up with a snarl and walked through a maze of corridors down several sets of stairs till he reached a door where he knocked on the door. The door opened to show, Berro Hydeo, the High Lord of Shadonia stood dressed with his two escort guards behind him. 
Aiden spoke in Shadonian language called Solaran “There is something you must do for me, for a mystery must be solved.” 
Berro nodded his head and spoke “Agreed.” 
 
Inside Aiden’s sleeping quarters lay a thick stone slab which Aiden ordered to the Shadonians “Fire at the stone slab.” 
There was a blast as the stone crumbled from the Shadonia’s blaster guns. Aiden walked inside the room with Hydeo and began to pull apart the stone slab that revealed a figure lying there. 
Berro spoke “Gak” as the other Shadonians echoed his word. 
Aiden spoke “Call a press conference. Demand that Empress Palina Borsova of Oceana honors us with her presence.”

The crowd or races and press members stood outside the Shadonian headquarters which was a large cruise like ship that was sitting at the docks, were buzzing with talk. Their cameras were ready to take action of the scene. The Empress of Oceana a member of the Aquarian species stood nearby with her royal guards called Kaddar and with her main guardian Tikcanni, a Highlander. The crowed went silent with their cameras aimed at a scene of Aiden leading eight Shadonians carrying a stretcher down the gang plank to reach the stone dock where the crowd stood. The Shadonia lowered the stretcher and stood back one pulling a cloth from the figure lying there. The Empress and the crowd gasped as they saw the figure lying there was a Highlander with white hair dressed in clothing that was brown pants with a blue jacket over a white top with hands folded together. The clothing Aiden saw thinking was similar to what the Empress of Oceana wore but she was wearing a skirt. 
Aiden spoke through the microphone in front of him “Empress Palina Borsova is the manoid lying there Emperor Pavel Palin?’
The crowd watched as the Empress bowed her head and with a nod towards Tikcanni who stepped forwards towards Aiden and the microphone. 
Tikcanni spoke “The manoid lying there is Emperor Pavel Palin.” 
Tikcanni heard a sound of music and looked towards his right and spoke “Aiden, don’t.”
Aiden at the moment had his hat in his hand as they saw a Human male with short brown hair came walking towards them blowing in a bag like object with pipes peeking out. 
Tikcanni spoke “Bagpipes” as the human playing came slowly glide walking towards them dressed in a blue jumpsuit. 
The Human walked by the group and Tikcanni proceeded to follow the male with Aiden. The press crowd with their cameras followed the Human male who reached as small water pond with a large boxy object with writings on it in the middle still playing away. Tikcanni went to stand next to the Human who gestured with his head towards the large boxy object which he felt a rumble as the boxy object moved opening itself revealing a figure laying there. Tikcanni stared with recognition seeing the figure lying there was a female form a Highlander with red hair, dressed in green.
Tikcanni heard the Empress besides him say “Mother.” 
Tikcanni spoke out loud for all to hear “The Empress Oksanisa Meduna-Palina.”
The Human playing bagpipes continued playing as a gangplank appeared leading to the box where the Empress lay with one hand on her chest and another hand besides her. Tikcanni walked on the gangplank with Aiden besides him reaching the box plank where the Empress lay. Aiden took the Empress body off the box plank then followed Tikcanni on the gang plank towards the crowd. Aiden laid the Empress body next to the Emperor.  
The Human stopped playing as Tikcanni ordered “Aiden show me where you found the Emperor.” 
With a nod Aiden proceeded to lead Tikcanni inside the Shadonia’s headquarters. Berro Hydeo stood inside watching them with Ambassador Nalon. 
Berro spoke in Basic as the two reached them “Aiden has identified the ship’s written language as Oceanan.”
Tikcanni hmphed some sound but kept his mouth shut.  
Aiden led the group towards his quarters while speaking “This is where I discovered the Emperor.” 
Tikcanni spoke “The ship’s name is Zesky Asylum according to the writings on the walls.”
Reaching the hallway where Aiden’s quarters stood, Tikcanni took a look at the room from the doorway and then he slid the door closed. 
The group saw him make a grimace look on his face as Tikcanni spoke “Writing says ‘Reserved for Emperor Executioner’.” 
Berro spoke “Aiden is there a problem?”
Aiden replied “I’m smelling essence from beyond that double doorway.” 
He pointed to a set of double doors at the end of the hallway with black windows imbedded in the doors. Aiden shifted watching Tikcanni examine the nearby doors to his quarters. 
Tikcanni spoke “The writing is Oceanan and this ship appears to be some medical facility judging by the writing on the doors and the looks of it.”
At that moment the group heard Aiden gave a growl followed by a loud door slam. The group looked to see the source of the sound. Standing in front of the doors, Aiden had pointed at where three figures. One was a male dressed in blue pants and a blue top with short black hair and he had golden Human like eyes with clawed hands that flexed. The other two figures were standing at his sides were both females with long black hair and identical golden eyes. One was dressed in a blue jumpsuit and the other had on blue pants, with a blue hooded top. The female in the jumpsuit flexed her hands as reed like claws shooting out of her fingers and she opened her mouth flashing fanged teeth. The other female stood with her arms folded, her body fading from disappearing to solid. 
Tikcanni seeing the three spoke “Human hybrids.” 
Aiden snarled some sound as the High Lord shushed him as they stood watching the Human hybrids. 
One of them the male spoke in a foreign language which Hydeo ordered “Aiden translate.”
Aiden groaned and translated “Says your Emperor is a piece of work, Tikcanni.” 
The male gestured towards the disappearing female who held up a boxy like device in her hand. She proceeded to drop the device on the rugged floor and gave it a kick. The device landed near Aiden who picked it up. 
Tikcanni spoke “I would like to know who those three are.” 
Aiden translated his words to the Human hybrids standing in front of the doors. 
The male replied which Aiden said “Says I was Claws the former leader of the Killers.”
Tikcanni groaned some sound as Aiden growled a bit. The male turned his back and pulled up his shirt to show a round red mark of a fist print in his back as the female in the jumpsuit spoke words. 
Aiden again translated “Says Hades saved him.”
Berro at the moment was speaking Aiden’s words in Solaran to Nalon who was confused.
Nalon spoke words which Berro translated in Basic as Aiden spoke the words to the male with the females’ language “Says have we of Shadonia been bothering you?”
The male turned around pulling his shirt speaking which was translated by Aiden and then spoken in Solaran by Berro to Nalon “Says no, but there are areas that are off limits which we have made our home with our children.” 
Nalon spoke words which Berro translated for Tikcanni which Aiden said to the three hybrids “I understand and hope we can work together to respect each other.” 
The male nodded his head and then the door behind them opened and the three went inside which the door slammed closed. 
Tikcanni broke the silence by speaking “High Lord please tells the Ambassador that the Human Hybrids must be respected.” 
Berro translated Tikcanni’s words to Nalon who spoke which Aiden translated his words “Says I understand and I hope to respect them.” 
Tikcanni exhaled air and asked “The taping device you have Aiden can I see the contents?”
Aiden sighed and handed the device to Tikcanni who pressed a button on the device. An airless monitor flashed appearing in front of the group showing scenes. The Shadonia Aiden noticed had put on their glasses and were watching the taped scenes. 

TIKCANNI
Outside the crowd was getting restless. They muttered among each other and went silent as Tikcanni came walking down the gangplank. He reached the medical Monarchs who were examining the bodies of the Empress and the Emperor. 
Tikcanni spoke to the Monarchs “I like to know the cause of the disappearance.” 
One of them stood up from his kneeling position spoke “Appears to be poison for both of them. We have the Empress Palina Borsova’s permission to take their bodies for testing.” 

BERRO HYDEO: ON LIVING AT THE WATER SHIP WITH HYBRIDS
Berro stood in the large room with tables and chairs which the Shadonia referred as the command room with Nalon besides him. Facing the two of them was a crowd of ten Shadonians, males and females. 
Berro spoke in Solaran to the crowd standing facing the two in the room “There are special Humans referred as Hybrids who live here. We are their guests here in this place. They have told us that there are areas that are off limits to us for their offspring. If you must go in an area that is not seen before, please put your weapon away and sing to alert the Hybrids of your presence. I do recommend this for I do not want them to see you as a threat to their children.” 
The door to the room opened and Aiden stepped in the room. 
Berro noticed him asked “Any communication with the Hybrids, Aiden?”
Aiden stood aside from the doorway as a figure walked in the room. Aiden hear the sounds of surprise muttered among the Shadonia as they saw the figure came in the room. 
The male Aiden saw, looked around the room and at the Shadonians with a frown and pulled out some pair of gloves which he put on his clawed hands.
Aiden spoke to the Shadonians in Solaran “He is called Eric, leader of the Human Hybrids.” 

ERIC BROUGHT TO OCEANA'S HEADQUARTERS: EMPRESS PALINA-BORSOVA
At Oceana’s headquarters which was a large building the Empress stood watching the taped contents of a recording device with a frown on her face in the large lobby room while standing next to a desk. 
She heard the doors to the large lobby room open and Tikcanni speaking in Oceanan “Put Eric in a cell and observe his reactions." 
The Empress looked to see a male with golden eyes she recognized to be of a Hybrid Human dressed in a blue shirt and blue pants with his hands gloved while being escorted by Kaddar guards who hauled him towards the elevators. The male made a growling sound as he was pushed inside the elevators with them following him. 
Tikcanni walked up to the Empress and spoke “Your majesty, according to the tape, the prisoner is called Eric, the father of the young male Hybrid who caused your father’s disappearance.”
The Empress nodded her head and spoke “I see according to Aiden who translated the words Father was trying to be friendly with the young male Hybrid who scratched him on the face. Father refused the antidote when this Eric tried giving it to him. He was heard saying ‘I’ll be with her again.’ Along with the young male Hybrid saying something about hearing his father saying about wanting Father to disappear and was doing what his father wanted.” 
Tikcanni nodded his head in agreement. 

TIKCANNI
Watching him from behind the black window above with arms folded was the Empress with Tikcanni. Both stood watching Eric pace. Tikcanni grimaced as Eric gave one of the wooden benches a kick and then grabbed the bench pulling it out of the wall. Tikcanni heard the Empress exhale a breath as Eric brought the bench down on his knee breaking it in half and threw the pieces in the room while growling loudly. 
Tikcanni spoke “I suspect that Eric has been locked up before and is traumatized by it, Your Majesty.”
The Empress spoke “Oh.”
They watched as Eric put his hands on the wall and clawed it with his clawed hands leaving scratch marks.
The Empress frowned as Tikcanni spoke “The Hybrids have admitted that Eric was Claws, the Killers’ Leader. He has a fist mark in his back from Hades.” 
The Empress was about to speak when a Kaddar guard arrived speaking “Your Majesty, There’s a Hybrid female with two children in the lobby asking to speak to you in Basic. One of the children is the Hybrid on the recording device.” 
The Empress spoke “Keep an eye on Eric and tell me his behavior.” 
The Kaddar guard nodded.

EMPRESS PALINA-BORSOVA
At the lobby the Empress came out of the elevator to see the female sitting in a chair holding her two children in a tight grip on their arms as they stood next to the chair. Seeing the Empress the children stared at her with wide eyed looks as the female frowned.
The Empress spoke in Basic to the female sitting in the chair “I’m Empress Anastia Palina Borsova. You are?”
The female responded “The name is Brianna and this is Cassie and Ricky.” 
She held out the arm of the child as she gave their names to the Empress. 
Brianna added “Ricky my son here has admitted hearing Eric tell me in one of our arguments wanting Emperor Palin to disappear.” 

ERIC SUFFERING FROM MEMORY PROBLEMS: BRIANNA
Brianna closed the door and pulled a bolt locking Eric inside. She could hear him roaring loudly from within the room. She grabbed Cassie with Ricky in hand pulling them down the hallway towards the cafeteria. 
Once inside the cafeteria, Henry with Ionela met her with upset looks on their faces while Henry speaking “Brianna?” 
Brianna groaned out “Its Eric, he’s angry again.”
Ionela told the kids “Go play with the others over there.” 
She pointed to where her son, Harry and daughter, Anna were busy playing in the corner of the cafeteria with Arielia watching them. 
The kids left as Henry groaned putting a hand to his head then he spoke “Oh no, not again.”
Brianna spoke “His temper tantrums are getting worse.” 
Ionela asked “Brianna, has he tried yelling?”
Brianna replied “Yes he has but he’s been breaking things lately. I had to lock him in when he nearly charged at Ricky in a fit of anger.” 
Henry groaned then he asked “Is there a camera inside the room where he’s at? Maybe we could observe his behavior?”
Brianna frowned as Ionela spoke “I think there’s a console near the room he’s in which should have a recording device in it.” 
Ionela turned around waving her hands as Arielia looked at the three. 
Ionela signed “Gone to check on Eric, watch the kids please.”
Arielia nodded and the three left the cafeteria down the hallway. They reached the room where Eric was in locked inside. Ionela went to a picture frame and pulled it from the wall. A console with multiple TV screens with devices sat behind the area where the picture frame was pulled. Henry fingered some switches and flicked on a TV in front of them showing a view of the room Eric locked inside. The view was over Eric’s head as the three looked with shock as Eric inside the room was acting wildly growling while picking up things tearing them apart with his hands. They watched as Eric picked up a chair and threw it across the small room. Then he ran to the chair and tore it apart at the seams with his clawed hands. 
Henry remarked “Odd, I thought his anger was under control.” 
Ionela spoke “Brianna, what happened to get him like that?”
Brianna answered “I don’t know.” 
Henry frowned and typed some keys in the console as a TV next to the first one turned on, showing Eric entering the room with a calm demeanor and his gloves were on. The three watched as Eric in the second monitor looked up and around the room while pacing and unclasping then clasping his hands together. Henry typed some keys rewinding the second TV’s contents. The women he noticed looked at him with questioningly looks on their faces. 
Henry watched the TV till he pressed a button, pause a scene on the second TV and spoke “Take a look at Eric’s face, for it appears he looks to be in distress.” 
Ionela and Brianna looked to see Henry’s words were true for Eric’s face looking up at the camera in the second TV showed him with pain. Henry resumed the video which showed Eric pacing then he yanked off his gloves putting them in his back pocket. The three watched as the scene continued with Eric whacking off some books off a small table and then breaking the table in pieces with his hands. 
Brianna exhaled a breath as Ricky was seen entering the room saying “Dad?”
Ionela put a hand on Brianna’s shoulder as she saw the scene continued with Eric charging at Ricky. 
Then Ricky on the video spoke again “Dad?”
They saw Eric in the video stop and put his hands on his head while roaring “Ricky, leave me now!”
Henry stared at the first TV showing Eric roaring while scratching the walls with his claws, he flicked some switches and the second TV showed an overhead view of Eric walking in the hallway. Henry frowned at the TV showed Eric looking behind him and then he charged at a wall putting a gloved fist in the wall. Eric on the video in the hallway pulled his fist out of the wall, as the view showed him looking around with anger in his behavior as he back up staring at the hole in the wall. Then the view continued as Eric walked into the sitting room. 
Henry spoke “Appears Eric was already angry when he arrived into the room.” 
They heard pounding from the door to the room Eric was in and the three looked at the first TV showing an angry Eric attacking the door roaring some nonsense sound. Frowning Brianna spoke “Poor Eric, he feels trapped.” 
She continued speaking when she noticed her brother and Ionela looking at her “Eric has been complaining to me that he feels trapped inside himself like he can’t get out and be free.”
Then the door to the locked room banged banging as Eric pounded roaring from within the room. 
Henry spoke “I hope that door holds.” 
Brianna gasped as Eric’s fist came punching through the door which he zealously tore opened. Henry and the women flattened themselves against the walls watching as Eric came out of the room with anger clouding his face. Brianna froze as Eric looked wildly around unseeing them. She stifled a groan as Eric charged at Henry his fist connecting onto his face which Henry slid towards the ground. She watched as Ionela took off running towards the cafeteria and stepped from the wall to face an angry Eric. Eric, she could see looked at her narrowing his angry golden eyes and opened his mouth showing fanged teeth roaring some sound. 
“Eric” she spoke “It’s me, Brianna.” 
Eric at the moment charged at Brianna which she braced herself for his attack. He grabbed her sides by the arms and lifted her up. Eric, she noticed hesitated looking at her with a strange look. Then Eric abruptly lowered her down and she saw him lower himself to his knees wrapping his arms around her form. 
“Brianna” she heard Eric groan out in pleading tones “Help me!”
Brianna sighed looking down at Eric with tears running down his face as he looked up at her face as he kept his arms around her. 
He continued pleading “Brianna, please help me!”
She rubbed her hands on his head as he spoke “I’m trying but I can’t control the anger for it’s a battle I’m losing.” 
Brianna rubbed his head as he buried his face on her weeping out “I can’t control the anger, I can’t.”
She saw out of the corner of her eyes, Henry shaking his head and he got up to face his sister with a weeping Eric clinging to her. 
Henry frowned as Eric moaned out “Brianna, please help me.” 
Brianna saw Henry walk forwards lay a hand on Eric’s back while speaking “It’s alright, Eric, we’ll get help to you.” 
Brianna heard Eric groan some sound as he clung to her still weeping.

EMPRESS PALINA-BORSOVA
The Empress stood at a desk watching the TV monitors with Tikcanni at her side as a male Human wearing brown jumpsuit like clothing came walking in the lobby with a frown as he looked around the room.  His eyes flashed golden color from blue. 
The Empress spoke to the Human in Basic, “Hello?”
The Human replied speaking in Basic, “You’re the Empress Palina Borsova?”
The Empress nodded her head as Tikcanni stared at the Human who spoke “I’m Henry a Hybrid from the Shadonia’s headquarters. I assumed you have met Eric who I came to you about for there’s a problem with him.” 
The Empress and Tikcanni looked at each other as Henry pulled out a video device from his pocket and held it up while speaking “The problem with Eric is on here.” 
The Empress spoke to Henry “Please play the contents.” 

HENRY
Henry shifted as the Empress and her Highlander guard called Tikcanni spoke in Oceanan, a language he wasn’t fluent in, after seeing the contents of the video device. He shifted his feet staring at the floor frowning as the Empress and Tikcanni continued their talk. 
Then the Empress asked in Basic “Henry? Where’s Eric in the headquarters?”
Henry answered “With Brianna in lock up, being monitored with the help of the Shadonia who suggested that I come to you.” 
Tikcanni spoke in Basic, to Henry’s surprise “There’s something we can do to help Eric but he might suffer from the help.” 
Henry nodded his head in agreement.

BERRO HYDEO
Watching them through the window was Tikcanni, standing next to him the High Lord, Berro Hydeo of the Shadonia who stood watching the two through the window. The Shadonian’s glasses were on as he saw the monitors next to the window flashing Eric’s life signs along with his brain wave patterns. Eric, Hydeo saw jerked waving his arms wildly as the monitors flashed erratically then went back to normal as Brianna calmed him down. The Shadonian frowned as he saw Tikcanni staring at Eric with an intense look. 
Tikcanni spoke in Basic, “Just like I thought, Eric has been traumatized and is lashing out in anger.” 
Hydeo asked him in Basic, “Was he tortured?”
Tikcanni frowned as he said “Appears that way, by his reaction with what happened to him.”
Hydeo hissed a breath as Eric from the room roared some sound from being held by Brianna who was quick to grab his head whispering in his ear. They watched as Brianna held onto Eric, gripping him in her lap tightly. 

BRIANNA
Eric in Brianna’s lap opened his eyes and roared as she gripped him tighter in her arms. 
Brianna murmured to Eric “It’s alright no one can hurt you here. Stop fighting the memories and let them come.” 
Eric closed his eyes and she could see emotions on his facial features.

Eric roared again as Brianna held him. She could see his eyes were closed and his face was shaking like he was having a nightmare. Brianna kept him close to her in her arms. She whispered “Eric, whatever torments that happened to you, I hope you’ll be free of it.” 
Brianna looked up at the black window then looked down at Eric who had an angry look on his face as his hands went to fists then back unclasping while shaking in his sleep. 

TIKCANNI
Tikcanni frowned staring at Eric from the window. He could sense a powerful mind which he identified to be Merra blocking his attempts to scan Eric’s mind. 
He heard Merra speak in his mind in a feminine voice “He was mind wiped of the memories he’s suffering by one of your kind and will react badly to your scans.” 
Tikcanni telepathically asked “Are you scanning him or not?”
Merra replied “Monitoring him while helping him with the memories.” 
Tikcanni heard a step and looked to see Henry who arrived to stand next to him. Henry sighed and looked through the window to see a shaking Eric lying in Brianna’s lap. Tikcanni could hear Henry groan some sound. 

BRIANNA
Brianna could hear Eric growl as she held him with his eyes closed with his gloved hands gripping together stiffly. She looked to see the door to the padded cell open and her children came walking in escorted by Ionela. With a nod, Ricky and Cassie ran towards their parents but halted when Brianna held up a hand putting a finger to her lips quieting them. 
She heard her children whisper “Daddy?” 
Both with questioningly looks on their faces as Brianna spoke to the children “Daddy has to heal his heart and mind to be well.” 
She sensed Eric had opened his eyes, staring unseeingly and felt him tensed up with anger. 
Brianna ordered “Go now.”
She saw Ionela grab each child’s arm and pulled them out of the room. Brianna continued her hold on Eric who shook waving his fists unseeingly looking around the room with his eyes. 
She whispered in his ear “Eric, just relax. No one can harm you here.” 

RICKY: EAVESDROPPING ON ERIC'S RECORDING HIMSELF ON RECORDER
Ricky found his mother in one of the rooms with a book in her hands. She was sitting in the sitting room reading a book. 
Ricky walked in and spoke “Mom, what did Dad mean about being trapped?”
His mother Brianna looked up from her reading to speak “Ricky where did you hear that?”
Ricky replied “In Grandfather’s room I was in the pipes, I heard Dad say something about being trapped while talking to a recorder.”
Brianna frowned and spoke “Take me to the room Ricky.”
She put down the book and got up from her chair. Ricky led the way towards the desired room. 
Brianna spoke “Ricky where were you hiding?”
Ricky pointed up and spoke “Up there. I saw Dad take the tape and placed it under the desk.” 
Brianna’s eyes flashed golden and she spoke “Ricky go up there and watch Dad. Tell me Ionela and Henry what was said. I have a surprise for him and need you to watch him ok?”
Ricky nodded his head and he climbed up to the pipes and hid. Brianna left the room to see Eric came walking towards her in the dead end hallway. She sighed as Eric stood watching her walk by him. 

Ricky met Henry walking in a hallway and spoke “Uncle Henry, Dad has a tape he’s talking to.” 
Henry frowned speaking “What makes you think that?”
Ricky replied “I saw Dad talking to one in Grandfather’s room while hiding in the pipes. Dad discovered me and told me to leave. Mom told me to tell you, her and Aunt Iony what was said.”
Henry spoke “Where’s the tape Eric listens to?”
Ricky answered “Hidden under the desk.”
Henry spoke “Go on and go see your sister and cousins. I’ll handle this.” 
Ricky took off. 

HENRY
Henry came walking down one of the set of large curving stairwells when he met Brianna walking up towards him and spoke “Brianna, Eric talks to a tape recorder.”
Brianna spoke “Yes I know.” 
Henry replied “I’ll go retrieve the tape and we’ll listen to it.”

BRIANNA
She followed him till he reached their sleeping quarters and followed him inside. 
Once inside Brianna spoke “Eric I’m your mate. Please don’t keep secrets from me.” 
Eric growled out “I’ll tell you when I’m ready but not now.” 
She watched as he went to the bed and lay down on it while closing his eyes. Frowning Brianna left the room to see the others facing her. 
She spoke “He told me he’ll tell me when he’s ready.” 
Then she noticed the kids added “It’s time for your bedtime go to your rooms now.” 
She heard mutters of protest from the children but they obeyed. Once the children were tucked in bed in their rooms, Brianna went to join Eric in their bedroom. She stripped from the dress and lingerie she was wearing to change into a white nightgown and went to lie in the bed while turning off the lights. 

ARIELIA
Arielia came in the room with her hands behind her back. She stood watching the two leave then pulled out a tape in her hand. 
She went to Ionela and Henry who were quick to put the tape in the recorder device. Ionela signed Eric’s words spoken “Iony, Henry and Ari you’ll learn to respect my privacy and stop getting in my business now!”
Henry threw his hands up as Ionela fumed. 
Arielia signed “Ionela, Henry is it just me but has Eric’s personality changed?”
Ionela and Henry stared at her who added signing “I could see ever since his arrival from being Claws, his personality appeared to have changed. I saw Eric’s gloved hands the thumbs were digging in Brianna’s back. He would never hurt her like that. He had a strange look on his face I’ve never seen him display before, like he won something a victory. Not to mention it’s the first time I’ve heard of him using a recording device to record his thoughts something which Eric never does.”
Ionela frowned as Henry folded his arms the three lost in thought. 

ERIC'S RECORDED CONTENTS SAID: BRIANNA
Brianna sat in the cafeteria with her head on her arms asleep. She heard the cafeteria doors open and looked up to see Teorjer arrive in the room. 
She got up and darted towards him who spoke “Brianna, go to Eric now.” 
Brianna ran out of the cafeteria towards her sleeping quarters. She went into the room to hear see the bathroom door close and gasped. She went to the bathroom door opening it to hear the shower in the stall turned on and ran towards a slow moving Eric. She spun him around grabbing him in a tight grip around his chest. 
Brianna pleaded out while staring at his staring in space face “Ricky, Eric Junior, and Cassie, Cassandra.” 
She saw Eric staring at the shower stall and with a groan he closed his eyes. With one arm she let go of Eric and turned towards the console on the wall next to the shower stall. Sighing she pressed a button turning the shower off and pulled Eric from the bathroom. Eric only groaned as she picked up the tape recorder and put it in her pocket of her dress. He didn’t protest as she led him towards the door to their quarters while picking up his discarded sweat shirt. Brianna stared at Eric’s face who didn’t meet her eyes as she put the shirt onto him. Then she pulled him out of the quarters towards the cafeteria. Eric she saw only stared at the floor as she led him into the cafeteria towards a chair in front of a table and pushed him down to sits on the chair. Eric kept his head down with his gloved hands in his lap staring at the table. She frowned as he didn’t acknowledge her putting down a tray of food with a drink bottle on the table in front of him. Sighing Brianna rubbed a hand on his short black hair and then went to the adult Hybrids standing nearby. 
She held up the recorder and spoke to Henry, Ionela and Arielia “I caught Eric about to take a shower which water would kill him.”
She saw outrage form on Arielia’s face as Ionela folded her arms, anger on her face and heard Henry groan some sound with a pained look on his face.
Brianna added gesturing with the tape recorder “There’s something you should hear.”
Ionela spoke “I’ll interpret for Arielia.”
Arielia spoke “Don’t forget to tell me his voice tones.” 
Brianna played the recorder. They, with Ionela signing with her hands, the contents to Arielia, heard Eric’s voice speaking on the tape in a despair tone “I’ve been trapped for as long as I can remember, trapped in this prison, controlled by my angry rages as memories come with them. I could do nothing about them. They come and go and I can’t control them. I want to be free of this.”
The tape paused to as Eric’s voice speaking with anger “I remember since I came from the padded room is being controlled by my father. I was controlled the moment I came out and I hated it. I hated being controlled on when to eat and sleep.  I never liked the control over me. I wanted control for myself to control things my way. I will have what I want which is control even will get it if I have to kill anyone who gets in my way.” 
This was followed by Eric speaking in a calm tone “I believe I have what I wanted, control. I always wanted control the moment I learned about the ability. I wanted to control my life control when I eat, sleep and do what I wanted. I find that controlling someone is better than just being controlled by people.  Soon Brianna and the others will learn to be controlled ordered by me instead of the other way around. I will have what I want which is control and will kill anyone getting in my way for they will learn the meaning of control.”
The tape paused and continued as Eric’s voice spoke in a sad tone “I can’t do this having no control over my life. I wanted control and I craved it so much.  I just remembered myself as Claws killing my father. I believe I killed him for having control over me.  I just want to die for this. Brianna if you get this, I’m sorry but I can’t do this any more.” 
The tape ended as the four adults looked at Eric with his back to them. 

BRIANNA
Brianna sighed as Eric sat in his regular clothes in a plush chair, at the table in their sleeping quarters staring at the wall in front of him. She frowned staring at Eric’s form from sitting on the bed leaning against the wall. It was time since Eric’s breakdown. He, Brianna recalled hadn’t spoken a word during those times. He had been pacing along with sitting in the chair instead of sleeping. Eric had been staying inside their quarters without going to the cafeteria to eat. Along with he eating the food and drink set in front of him but wouldn’t acknowledge anyone. He was ignoring his children who visited him clamoring for his attention and they were pestering Brianna with questions about his behavior. She frowned as Eric sat on the chair staring at the wall while watching his stony face.  His gloved hands were in his lap as he sat ram rod straight in the plush chair. 
Brianna sighed and spoke “Eric, please go to the bed and get some sleep.”
Eric got up and went to the bed and lay down. Brianna pulled the blankets over them both. She stared at his emotionless face as he lay in the bed staring at the ceiling his hands motionless in the gloves. Brianna reached a hand towards the dresser and turned off the lamp. 
In the blue light illuminating the room she pleaded “Eric, please say something, don’t act like this. I want my Eric back and not him in this emotionless form.” 
She heard Eric speak a voice devoid of emotion “I will once I’m better.” 
Brianna hearing that with a groan laid her head on his chest
She spoke “I just hope you’ll get better soon to act as the caring man I mated with.”
Brianna closed her eyes.

Brianna heard the alarm go off and turned on the lamp getting up from the bed. She watched Eric get up from the bed and saw him go to the chair. Brianna frowned as he sat staring at the walls. She changed from the nightgown to her clothes groaning loudly and left the room. 

Brianna walked into the cafeteria with a frown on her face. She saw Henry, Ionela and Arielia watching her with questioning looks on their faces. 
Brianna walked towards them and spoke “Eric is still the same. He’s emotionless and won’t talk or acknowledge the children. All he just does is sitting in the room staring at the walls. He said some words last night and they were ‘I will once I’m better’ in a voice devoid of emotion.” 
Ionela got up and went to hug Brianna who let the tears fall. 
Brianna weeps out held in Ionela’s arms “I want my caring Eric back. All I’ve seen is someone whose acting like he’s dead to the world not caring about anything or his children. Oh why can’t he stop acting this way?”

BRIANNA
Brianna lay with her head on Eric’s bare chest. She frowned feeling Eric’s gloved right hand strokes on her right cheek on her face. She raised her head and form twisting it to the side to look at his face. He was staring at the ceiling lost in thought as his hand went to settle on her right side stroking her hip under the blankets. 
Brianna spoke “You’re angry.” 
She heard Eric groan some sound as Brianna shifted to her stomach to look at him full in the face. She felt Eric’s stroking gloved hand move on to her back in a scratching motion. 
Brianna continued speaking “Use your voice, tell me, I don’t know your thoughts and if you can’t say it use the recorder.” 
She watched Eric’s face as he replied, with anger in his voice, while staring at the ceiling “I’m just angry, Brianna that I broke down and became mindless ignoring the children, worse of all ignoring you.” 
Brianna sighs and spoke “Eric, you were in terrible pain from what happened in the past. There was nothing you could do to fight your pain. You let it go physically but mentally the pain was unbearable for you.” 
Brianna rubbed his cheeks with her hands then removed her hands as she lowered her head her cheek touching Eric’s face. She sensed Eric’s other hand joined his stroking hand to grip her in a hug. 
Brianna heard Eric speak “Brianna, I let anger control me when I killed my father. Poor Arielia and Ionela, they never got to know their father like I did.” 
Brianna spoke “Eric, it’s alright, at least you’re around to tell them about their father. Your father admitted to me that he was afraid of anything happening to him hence he making taped records of himself.”
She heard Eric sigh some sound as he pulled her closer towards himself and she closed her eyes. 

BRIANNA: TAKES CONTROL OF ERIC MATING WISE
Brianna stared at Eric with a frown staring at the look of concentration on his face with his eyes closed. Sighing she reached up and pulled his hands off the headboard. 
Eric asked while keeping his eyes shut “Brianna?” 
Brianna replied “My way, Eric.” 
She put his hands on her hips and laid her hands on his cheeks on his face massaging. Brianna heard Eric sigh as she brought her hands to his shoulders rubbing them. She lowered her hands down massaging with her hands as she went lower. Her hands found his nipples and squeezed them as she heard Eric hiss a breath. Sighing Brianna brought her hands lower rubbing on his abs muscles. Eric moaned some sound of pleasure with his breathing quickened. Brianna moved her hands lower massaging with her hands till she reached his sensitive part and wrapped her hands around it. Eric jerked from her touch his breathing becoming harder. She massaged the sensitive part with her hands exploring it. 
Eric groaned some sound eyes still shut, moaning out “Brianna.” 
Brianna let go with her hands and moved herself till she was on top of him. She sighed as she lowered herself on his sensitive part entering inside her as Eric moved hands gripping her hips. 
Brianna put her hands on his sides holding him in place while speaking “Let me have control, Eric, just enjoy.” 
She sensed Eric was quick to obey and stilled himself as she moved in rhythm hands holding him in place. Brianna watched Eric’s face hearing him moan some undecipherable sounds of pleasure. She shook as the feeling of the climax came through her and felt Eric jerk as he spilled himself inside her. Sighing Brianna adjusted and laid her form besides Eric’s with his hands still on her hips. His eyes were still closed. 
She spoke while rubbing her hands on his cheeks staring at his face “Eric, how do you feel?”
Eric opened his golden eyes to stare at Brianna’s brown ones from her position lying on her stomach on his form. 
He sighed pulling his hands to rub her back as he said “It was hard having you take control. I had to restrain myself.”
Brianna spoke “It’s alright, Eric.”
She saw Eric exhaled air and he closed his eyes. She sigh some sound and lay with her head under his chin. She closed her eyes feeling him wrap his arms around her form. 

BRENT MEETING ARIELIA AGAIN: BRENT
Brent paced in the large room with a frown on his face. He stood staring at the others sitting on benches attached to the tables and chairs watching him hearing no sounds. Brent tugged his ears absent mildly smoothing his long black hair out of his face and pulled out a rolled piece of paper. He unfolded the paper for it was a drawing from his gonoid skin bag at his side. It was a drawing of him and a female’s faces. Sighing Brent stared at it with longing. He frowned to adjust his gonoid skin collar with a hand and looked towards the doorway to the room to see three figures. One was the Drainer he recognized to be Aiden and two were a male and a female he recognized. Brent stared at the female with a hopeful expression on his face. He saw her mouth move as she turned her head towards the male who had a hand on her shoulder. Brent saw the male’s golden eyes narrow and one hand fisted. Sighing Brent walked towards the male and held out the drawing that took the paper and looked at it. 
The female walked forwards towards him as Brent signed with a hand “Arielia.” 

CASSIE
Cassie lay on the upper bed of the bunk bed frowning. She closed her brown eyes but sleep wouldn’t come. Groaning, Cassie went to the ladder and climbed down. She stared at her brother Ricky sleeping on the lower bunk of the bed blankets on him, with the help of a night light in the room. Cassie clad in her pajamas walked out of the room towards Arielia’s room. 
She groaned seeing the door closed and a sign on the doorknob which her eyes told her “Do not disturb.” 
Cassie walked in the dimly lit hallway towards her parents’ room and found the door wide open. Cassie stared with a frown then walked in the room lit by a blue glass light on the wall opposite the doorway shining dimly. She went to her father and shook his arm lying bare on the blankets. He opened his eyes and reached with a gloved hand to turn the lamp on the bed stand next to the bed on. He sat up to face her.
Cassie groaned hearing the serious tone in her father’s voice as he spoke “Cassandra, what’s wrong?”
“Daddy” she replied “I can’t sleep.” 
She heard him sigh as he spoke to her mother’s form “Brianna, it’s alright, just Cassie having trouble sleeping. I’ll handle it.”
Cassie stood as he got up clad in a grey tank top with white pants from the bed and escorted her from the room. She went to the bedroom shared with her brother and stood as her father went to the plush rocking armchair in the corner of the room and sat then her held out his hands gesturing. Cassie went to sit sideways on his lap as he rocked the chair in a gentle motion. She leaned her head against his body as he wrapped his arms around her form.  
Cassie spoke “Daddy?”
She heard him hmm some sound in a questioning tone and added “Auntie Ari has a sign on her door.” 
Her father spoke “Oh that’s ok.” 
Cassie moved her head with a questioningly look on her face to stare at her father in the face who looked at her brown eyes with his golden eyes. 
Her father noticed the look on her face continued speaking “It’s alright, Cassie. I’m aware of it.”
Cassie sighed as she laid her head on his shoulder and yawned as her father moved the rocking chair. 

RICKY
Ricky walked out of the room shared with Cassie, zipping up his jumpsuit, into the hallway. His sister Cassie was in the bathroom as he yawned, Ricky heard noises and went to investigate. 
He went down the hallway towards the doors while hearing the noises getting louder when the doors opened in front of him revealing a Shadonian female who exclaimed “Ah!” 
The Shadonian, Ricky saw shook her head and sang words he didn’t understand. Ricky listened and heard her say his father’s name. Ricky sighed and ran towards his father’s bedroom knocking on the door.

AMBASSADOR NALON AFTER RICKY'S CAPTURE BY OCEANAN GUARDS: NALON
Nalon stood in the office grumbling as nearby were Shadonians six were standing and four were sitting chattering among to themselves. The sitting Shadonians were shaking their heads shaking the effects of sleep as the standing Shadonians were waving scanner devices over them.
Nalon thought to himself “You told us what we wanted to hear Tikcanni.” 
The door to the room opened as Eric arrived with Aiden behind him. 
The Shadonians’ chatter stopped as Aiden spoke in Solaran “Eric reports that Tikcanni and Kaddar all Highlanders with dart guns arrived in the Hybrid eating room. Eric and the adults were darted put to sleep. They took his son Ricky and locked the doors behind them. The other children couldn’t get out getting help. This intrusion happened last night.” 
Nalon spoke which Aiden translated to Eric “Says you’re not the only victim four of the Shadonia were found lying on the floor asleep this morning. When they came to, they report that last night Tikcanni and his Kaddar arrived running into the headquarters. Those four tried to stop them and were darted as a result.”
Eric snarled some sound as Teorjer arrived into the room. 
Teorjer spoke in Eric’s language with Aiden relaying to Nalon “Plans by forces have been set in motion which I can’t explain. Eric and Ambassador Nalon must go to Oceana’s headquarters to confront Tikcanni.”
Teorjer paused to look at Eric and continued speaking “When Ambassador Nalon gives you the signal use your hidden state to find your son and let the forces handle the rest if you’re captured.” 
Eric looked at Nalon who said words which Aiden spoke “Says that I will do but this hidden state? I’m confused.”
Eric growled out words with Aiden telling Nalon “Says I have the ability to turn myself hidden.” 
Eric willed himself to calm and made himself invisible in front of the watching Shadonians who muttered their surprise as Aiden seeing Eric’s change spoke “Yeer.” 
Teorjer spoke as Aiden relayed his words “Says I suggest you go confront Tikcanni now before the opportunity is lost.” 
Nalon and Eric who reappeared nodded their heads in agreement. 

EMPRESS PALINA-BORSOVA
The Empress of Oceana walked out of her bedroom into the large living room towards the dining table where a tray of food with a cup of liquid was set waiting. A Kaddar stood next to the table watching her as she looked with confusion to see two Kaddar armed with guns standing besides the guest bedroom door across the room. She stared with shock to see peering out of one of the set of stacked windows in the door was a child’s face who she recognized to be Ricky, Eric’s son with brown eyes that flashed golden color. 
Tikcanni arrived followed by another Kaddar in the Empress’s apartment carrying a thick package in his gloved hands as the Empress asked him in Oceanan “Tikcanni, what’s going on? Why is Ricky in my guest bedroom?” 
Tikcanni ordered in Oceanan “Sit and eat your majesty.”
The Empress stared at him with a frown and walked to the table. She sat down and ate the food as Tikcanni went to sit at the table across from the Empress silently watching her. She paused from eating to groan feeling a headache and spoke “Must you scan my mind, Tikcanni?”
Tikcanni replied to her question “It’s necessary for your safety, your majesty, after what happened to your father.” 
The Empress groaned again while speaking “I’m aware of what Merra did.” 
She resumed eating as Tikcanni laid the wrapped package on the table still staring at her. Once finished with the food the Empress drained her cup of liquid and spoke “Tikcanni, explain why is Ricky in my guest bedroom?”
Tikcanni answered “It’s necessary to contain him. Here.” 
He pushed the package towards the Empress as a Kaddar took the tray off the table and went to the kitchen unit. The Empress stared at Tikcanni and unwrap the package revealing two thick books with cloth covers stacked together. 
She pulled one off the top and opened the book which revealed her father’s handwriting which the Empress muttered out loud reading “This diary belongs to my mate Oksanisa Meduna-Palina, to be read by my daughter Anastia after my disappearance.”
She looked up at Tikcanni who gestured with a hand towards the other book which she pulled open reading the contents out loud “This diary belongs to me, Pavel Palin to be read by my daughter Anastia after my disappearance.” 
The Empress stared at Tikcanni with confusion who spoke “Your father left instructions which I’m following. The diaries include the reason why Ricky is contained.”
She opened her mouth to speak when the door to the apartment opened and a Kaddar, a Highlander arrived walking into the quarters. Tikcanni held up a hand and looked at the Kaddar who stared at him. The Empress frowns watching Tikcanni and the Kaddar stare at each other then the Kaddar left the room closing the door. 
Tikcanni spoke “Ambassador Nalon with Eric and escorts has been sighted leaving the headquarters. I suspect that their on their way here. I’ll handle them. You read those diaries, your majesty.” 

The Empress paused from her reading to see three Kaddar walk into her quarters with devices held in one hand with guns in their other hands and watched as one of them closed the door locking it. 
She spoke “What’s going on?”
One of them replied “Orders from Tikcanni.” 
She stared at the Kaddar that stood and resumed her reading as she heard the building’s intercom speaker come on and Tikcanni’s voice speaking words she recognized to be the language Eric spoke. She looked at the Kaddar who stood not meeting her eyes and stood up walking towards the intercom device in the wall next to the door to the quarters. 
She waited till Tikcanni stopped talking then pressed a button speaking in Oceanan on the intercom broadcasting throughout the building “Tikcanni, this is the Empress I don’t like being kept in the dark. I liked to be informed of what’s going on.” 
The Empress walked back to the sofa sitting down pulling her mother’s diary towards her and resumed reading. She heard a series of knocks on the door and one of the guards opened it with gun drawn as a Kaddar, a Highlander walked into the quarters closing the door locking it. 
The Kaddar spoke in Oceanan “Your majesty, Ambassador Nalon left us with a problem. It’s Ricky’s father Eric who is in some sort of hidden state, impossible to detect by our scanners or ourselves. He is loose in the building and guards report finding others on the floor unconscious. Eric before he went into hiding was seen not wearing his gloves. We suspect that he is searching for Ricky and will not hesitate to use deadly force if that means getting his son back.”
The Empress stared at the Kaddar while hearing the intercom turn on again and Tikcanni’s voice speaking words in Eric’s language. She put the book down and got up walking towards her guest bedroom and peered through one of the windows at Ricky who was sitting on the bed leaning against the wall facing the door. His hands were covered with a series of cloth and chain linked mittens with manacles attached on his wrists as he stared back at her with a frown look on his face. 
The Empress sighed groaning out loud “Poor Eric, he doesn’t know why Tikcanni did what he did.” 
She frowned turning to stare at her father’s diary sitting on the table in front of the couch. 

TIKCANNI
Tikcanni paused from speaking on the intercom while in one of the buildings apartments “Eric, your son is doing fine so please show yourself and stop your attacks.” 
He released the button and stood waiting surrounded by four Kaddar guards all Highlanders with their guns drawn. One of the four stood in the open doorway watching the hallway. 
Tikcanni heard the intercom turn on and heard the Empress’s voice speaking Oceanan “Tikcanni, I’m ordering you to broadcast to Eric the reason why Ricky was taken. Perhaps that will get him to surrender.”
The Highlander groaned frowning lost in thought. He reached for the intercom when the guard at the doorway bent down groaning in pain. Tikcanni pulled out his handgun as the Kaddar flew backwards hitting the floor with a thud unconscious. He and the Kaddar looked around the room scanning as another guard went down groaning hitting the floor with a thud.  
Tikcanni used his telepathy and held up the device in his gloved hand and muttered out loud in Oceanan “Drat, he’s impossible to be detected.” 
Remembering the Empress’s order Tikcanni spoke in Eric’s language “Eric, I know you’re here somewhere, so show yourself now. I only want to talk to you for I have things to explain.” 
He heard Eric’s voice speak in an angry tone “Your Empress made an agreement, Tikcanni.”
 Tikcanni looked around as his two remaining Kaddar went down with their heads hitting each other and the Highlanders fell towards the floor unconscious. He dropped the device onto the floor and slowly put the gun on a shelf on the wall besides him and held up his gloved hands.
Tikcanni spoke looking around the room unseeing Eric “Eric, the Emperor left instructions that whoever who kills him must be contained for their safety for he didn’t want his people to retaliate causing harm to them.”
The Highlander heard Eric’s growl added “The Emperor made this clear to me and he wrote it down in his diary which I gave to his oldest child, the Empress.”
He paused hearing Eric speak still in an angry tone “You expect me to believe this lie from a mind walker?”
Tikcanni groaned inwardly as Eric continued speaking with the same tone “I know you, Highlanders are mind walkers. I’m aware that your kind is capable of manipulating people with lies and deceiving them to further their purposes.”   
Tikcanni inwardly called telepathically “Merra, hear me now!”
Then he spoke using his voice “Not all Highlanders are like that, Eric.” 
Tikcanni heard Eric growl loudly while feeling a fist connect with his body hitting him hard in the stomach area and he bent down in pain groaning to himself. 
He heard the feminine voice of Merra speaking in his mind “The Killers had Eric manipulated, called to them by a Highlander who mind wiped his memories to make him Claws. I restored his memories after Hades defeated him but the restoring left Eric with the ability to detect being mind scanned which he will react badly with deadly force.”
Tikcanni straightened up slowly looking around the room while speaking “You were manipulated by a Highlander and is angry about this.”  
Tikcanni felt something hit his legs, hard, from behind and he fell towards the ground in a kneeling position. The Highlander stiffened as he felt his low strung blue hat yanked off his head revealing his long white hair that was pulled back in a tail. 
He heard Eric snarl in a sarcastic tone coming from his right pointed ear “Well, well what do we have here? I see a Highlander, whose appearance is alike the Emperor.”  
Tikcanni felt his hair grabbed from behind and his head jerked up as Eric appeared standing besides him, his right clawed hand an inch from the Highlander’s face. 
Eric spoke as Tikcanni froze hearing the words “You will free and pardon my son for what he did, Tikcanni or should I say Paul Palin, the Emperor’s missing brother.”
Tikcanni gasped out loud in shock as Eric continued speaking lowering his head next to his face “Yes I know who you really are Tikcanni. I learned this information as Claws. I learned many secrets during my time as Claws that people would kill to keep others from finding out.” 
Eric jerked his head towards the doorway and let go of Tikcanni while fading himself invisible. Tikcanni rubbed his head as he heard footfalls in the hallway. He picked up his hat as three Kaddar all Aquarians arrived in the apartment. The Highlander stood up groaning inwardly seeing the blue eyes of the Aquarians widen when they saw him and saw them look at each other shaking their heads. 
Tikcanni placed his low slung hat on his head and spoke in Oceanan “Eric is in the room in his hidden condition. He knows who I really am and has admitted learning the information-” 
Eric interrupted in his hidden form, growling out in Oceanan “Tikcanni I learned how to decipher your language so don’t try anything threatening. I suggest you take me to my son or I will use my poisonous claws starting with those three.”
Tikcanni saw the three Kaddars’ forms stiffened as they put their handguns in their holsters and held up their webby hands. 
The Highlander frowned as Eric continued speaking “I admit I’m having a hard time restraining myself from the urge to kill because of my son being taken after an agreement. I don’t like being manipulated and deceived by people especially by Highlanders.”  
Tikcanni sighed out “Eric-”
Eric interrupted again “Tikcanni, you will take me to my son now. Don’t try anything threatening or suffer my wrath.” 
Tikcanni spoke “I will do that.” 
He rubbed his hat with a hand staring at the Kaddar with narrowed eyes.  One of them jerked his hands in a waving motion as they slowly turned around and walked out of the room with Tikcanni following them. The Kaddar stood in the hallway as Tikcanni slow walked towards the elevator at the edge of the hallway. 
He spoke as he pressed a button in the wall opening the elevator door “We have to take the elevator to the floor where we contained Ricky.”  
Tikcanni walked inside while hearing Eric say “Fine.” 
The doors to the elevator closed as Tikcanni exhaled air as he heard Eric growling loudly in his hidden state. 

RICKY
Ricky sat on the bed with his back leaning against the wall watching the door. He shifted frowning as the door opened revealing his father with a blindfold over his eyes pushed by a guard into the room in a wheelchair. The guard put the wheelchair sideways then the guard removed the blindfold and left the room closing the door. Ricky got up from the bed and stared at Eric who fisted his covered hands while closing his eyes, growling loudly. Ricky stiffened recognizing the sounds of anger coming from his father who breathed hard through his mouth. Ricky watched as Eric jerked his chained to the armrest arms as he heard a zapping sound and saw pricks of light flash coming from an object wrapped around his father’s neck. Ricky groaned seeing his father shaking his fisted hands as the object on his neck blinked its lights zapping Eric. The door opened as a guard arrived in the room carrying a tray with two bowls of food and two drinks bottles on it which he put on the desk next to the door and left the room. Ricky stared longingly at his angry father then went to a chair and pulled it to the desk next to the door. He sat eating with a fork from a bowl watching Eric growl trapped in the wheelchair. Ricky finished the bowl’s contents and drank draining the contents of a drink bottle. Groaning Ricky got up grabbing a bowl full of foods from the tray and walked to Eric. Ricky placed the bowl in Eric’s lap and put a fork full of foods, touching his father’s mouth with it.

EMPRESS PALINA-BORSOVA
The Empress stood in a room in the Shadonia’s Ambassadorial Headquarters staring at an unconscious Eric chained to a wheelchair. Tikcanni stood at her side with his arms folded as Kaddar guards stood scattered around the room. 
She heard the door open as Robb Marin the medical doctor came in the room with an intense look on his face. 
The Empress spoke “The results of the tests?”
Robb spoke “The sample taken from Ricky and tested indicates that the poison is slow acting meaning manoids would have days before disappearing.”
The Empress hissed a breath as Robb continued “There were two scratch marks on Emperor Palin’s face in different sizes. The results of the testing the sample from Eric shows that manoids have a few moments before they disappear.” 

BRIANNA'S REACTION TO ERIC BEING WHIPPED
Brianna ran from the room while hearing Eric crying out repeatedly as he was being whipped “Brianna!
She pulled open the door and ran into the hallway as the tears spilled falling from her face. She leaned against the wall with hands on her face sobbing uncontrollably. 

TIKCANNI REVEALS HIS IDENTITY: TIKCANNI
Tikcanni went to sit at the table and he waited as the Empress walked out to sit eating her food and drink. He nodded his head seeing the Emperor’s personal guards all Highlanders standing around. One of them went to the door to the quarters, closing it. He patiently waited as she finished her food and he took off his glove covering his left hand as a Kaddar took the tray off the table and went to the kitchen unit. 
Tikcanni spoke “Anasha put on your glasses.”
The Empress stared at him with a shocked expression on her face but obeyed putting on her glasses as Tikcanni took off his hat. 
He saw the Empress gasp opening her mouth as she spoke “Paul?” 
Tikcanni held up his left hand where a shiny golden ring was seen on the ring finger of his pale white hand and spoke “No, it’s Pavel, your father.” 
The Empress gaped at him as Tikcanni spoke “After the attack on me which killed your mother I hid as Tikcanni. My brother Paul agreed to declare himself missing and took my place as Emperor.”
The Empress frowned staring at Tikcanni as he paused then continued “I suggest you keep holding the position as Empress and rule Oceana well with advice from me. I also should mention my brother and I made a personal visit to your daughter when she visited Oceana with the Shadonian Ambassador. Natalia was not fooled and discovered the deception. Your reaction suggests she never told you about me.” 
The Empress stared at Tikcanni and spoke “Did you have a Kaddar try to kill Natalia? Lodinu told me he saw a finger sized hole in her Burka when she showed herself in the stadium. Lodinu added to me he examined the Burka she wore and found a bullet hole in the front. Natalia admitted to us about suspecting something like that would happen put the bed looking like she was sleeping in it with the Burka. She told us she slept hiding underneath the bed.”
Tikcanni frowned and spoke “I don’t appreciate people finding out about my hiding and blabbing about it hence I ordering them silenced by having them killed. Natalia has been watched by spies loyal to me and hasn’t talked but I will have her killed should she talk.” 
The Empress spoke “What about the others, the Kaddar?”
Tikcanni spoke “I will tell them in my own time revealing myself to them.”
He took his hat and placed it on his head and put his glove back on his left hand. 
The Empress asked him “Did you write the diary or Paul did it?”
Tikcanni replied “The diary was written by me whom Paul told me to show to you in case he died.” 
Tikcanni stood up and added “I’ll see that your brothers and Paul’s daughter Yulietta is told about this.” 
He heard the Empress hissed a breath and continued “Yulietta is Paul’s daughter who we passed off as your sister after his mate died giving birth to her.” 
Tikcanni left the room with the Empress watching him. 

Tikcanni went to the cafeteria where Kaddar gathered around tables and chairs in standing and sitting positions. 
Tikcanni spoke loudly “Listen up.”
Kaddar stopped their chatting to look at him as his arms were grabbed by two Aquarians and a third yanked off his hat of his head. 
The third spoke as there were gasps among the crowd in the room “Paul Palin.”
Tikcanni yanked himself out of the Aquarians’ grip and pulled at his glove on his left hand. 
He spoke as the glove came off “Wrong.” 
The Aquarian holding his hat looked at him as he held up his left hand where the shiny golden ring was seen and spoke “Pavel Palin. I hid myself after the attack on me which killed my mate. Paul took my place as Emperor while declaring himself missing.”
He paused to look at the Aquarian holding his hat and continued “I already informed Anasha about this. I have to thank the Highlanders and Natalia Borsova for their silence.” 
Tikcanni stopped talking to put on his glove and added “By the way keep an eye on an Oceanan athlete by the name of Yekaterina Marisova who informed me during the Oceanan host Terrania Unity Games that she wasn’t fooled by the deception."

BRIANNA'S REACTION TO BEING ANGRY AT ERIC
Brianna lay on the bed on her side. She lay in a large cavernous room with beds scattered in the room. Brianna could sense lying on them were female Malika asleep. 
Brianna frowned as she heard Merra’s familiar voice talking in her head speaking “You really should have told Eric what was going on with the gonoid species and the children.” 
Brianna thought “Eric was too angry to listen to me.” 
Merra spoke “That’s an excuse and you know it. You should have said something.” 
Brianna frowned shifting her form on the bed to her back as Merra continued speaking “Eric heard everything you said to William before I returned him back to his home.” 

TIKCANNI MEETS RAISA: TIKCANNI
Tikcanni, escorted by three Kaddar went to the Shadonian headquarters walking up the gangplank while feeling the same pain in his head. 
Merra was manipulating him again and he groaned thinking “Merra when will you stop manipulating me?”  
He heard Merra’s feminine voice speaking in his head “Until you get a life.” 
He groaned at the insult and reached the edge of the gangplank to stand in the outer deck. Tikcanni stiffened seeing a Human female dressed in night sky colored clothing, Raisa in her wheelchair down the hallway roll it around a corner of the outer deck disappearing from his eyes sight. Tikcanni groaned feeling the pain in his head get worse as his legs moved of their own towards the corner of the hallway where Raisa disappeared behind. He went around the corner to face Raisa facing him with her face that was identical to Empress Meduna-Palina. He saw her move her long night sky colored hair off her shoulders sweeping it onto her back. Tikcanni felt his legs move towards her wheelchair till he was next to it and fell in a squat position. He groaned as she leaned down placing her Human webby hands on his cheeks and brought her lips to his. He jerked closing his eyes as a dam burst from within him and felt currents of pleasure running throughout him. He brought a gloved hand to Raisa’s head and began stroking her hair as his lips moved kissing hers. Tikcanni moaned from the back of his throat as she rubbed his cheeks. He shivered as she broke off the kiss and he opened his eyes to stare at her night sky colored Human eyes. 
Raisa spoke “Go bring Eric and his mate here. I want to talk to them.” 
Tikcanni nodded his head as she let go of his face and he stood up wobbling towards his guards. He walked around the corner disappearing from Raisa’s eye sight and sighed. 
He stiffened hearing Merra’s voice speaking in his head “Raisa is my daughter who I value that wants a relationship with you. I will have your head if you don’t stop ordering your attacks on Eric or I’ll see that you won’t have a relationship with Raisa. Take your pick for it’s your choice, Tikcanni.”
Tikcanni groaned hearing Merra’s words and leaned against the wall with a hand on it as his guards stood besides him.  
He went to the stairwell opening the door which slammed behind him and guards as he loudly spoke “I can’t believe I did what I did enjoying her kissing me.” 
He walked down the stairs and halted when he saw Eric with an angry look on his face standing on a step. He sensed Eric’s mate Brianna was behind Eric with her hand on his shoulder. 
Eric growled out with an angry tone in Hybrid language “You’re not wanted around here, Tikcanni, so speak your piece and get out.” 
Tikcanni spoke in the same language “Raisa, Merra’s Human daughter wants to talk to you in the outer deck. She’s in a wheelchair and can’t come down to you.”
He paused while hearing Eric growl loudly and then continued “Merra threatened that she will have my head if I order any more attacks on you and your people. A threat I have taken seriously for the sake of my relationship with Raisa.” 
Tikcanni stiffened as Eric’s eyes staring at him turned all night sky colored. He saw Brianna went to stand in front of Eric pressing herself into him with her arms around him with her head on his shoulder. He stared at Eric who closed his eyes and leaned his head against Brianna’s head.
Tikcanni frowned as he heard Merra’s voice speaking in his mind “Tikcanni, some advice, don’t ever have fear whenever Eric has the rages for he’ll attack. Mind scanning Eric will stop him from having the rages.”
He sensed Merra left his mind and scanned Eric’s mind with his telepathy as Brianna removed herself from Eric to place her hands on his chest rubbing the area. He stopped scanning Eric who opened his eyes showing sun colored Human eyes to stare at Brianna. 
Tikcanni heard Brianna speak “Eric, Merra confirmed to me that she has a Human daughter named Raisa who is wheelchair bound.”
Tikcanni stared at Eric as Brianna lowered her hands and took one of his hands and she turned around to face him. 
Brianna spoke “Tikcanni, take us to Raisa.” 
He nodded his head before turning around to walk up the stairs followed by his guards with Eric and Brianna following. The group reached the doorway to the outer deck and walked through in it and went around the corner where Raisa sat in her wheelchair. Tikcanni went to stand behind Raisa as he saw Eric stare at her with a frown.  
Raisa spoke “I’m Raisa, Merra’s daughter. Come here and kneel, Eric.” 
Tikcanni watched as Eric let go of Brianna’s hand and walked forward till he was next to Raisa’s wheelchair at her left side and kneeled staring at her. Raisa leaned over, placing her Human webby hands on Eric’s head running them through his hair then her hands grabbed his hair with a tight pulling grip and yanked his head up to face hers. 
She spoke “You will cease the killing stops your rages idea starting now. You want your rages controlled? Try asking a Highlander to scan your mind whenever your rages hits. It will stop your rages every time.”
Eric roared some growl as Tikcanni saw the Hybrid’s eyes turned night sky colored. He scanned Eric’s mind as the Hybrid stopped his roaring and saw his eyes turned golden sun colored. 
Raisa he saw leaned forward pulling Eric towards her as she continued speaking “Your rages are caused by your anger and your instincts to kill, you have inside you. Be warned, Highlanders will play an important role in your life when you most need it. I hope your anger towards them is finished when that time arrives.”
She let go of Eric’s hair who rubbed a gloved hand on his head. 
Raisa spoke “You must be punished for killing Emperor Palin. You will accept whipping as payment for the murder or punishment you did which ever view to Emperor Palin, I don’t care. I’m suggesting that you be whipped by the whipping machine any time Tikcanni feels like it. You will take the punishment of being whipped whenever the mood strikes Tikcanni. As for the punishment Tikcanni must be present to come to you for the whipping which will last as long as he wants or till he dies.”
Tikcanni saw Eric’s face turn into a frown as Raisa continued speaking “You may go, Eric but you will remember this day and my words regarding Highlanders. I’ll see to it.”
Tikcanni watched as Eric stood up and walked to Brianna who took his hand and together the two walked away walking around the corner disappearing out of eye sight.

TIKCANNI REMEMBERS: TIKCANNI
Tikcanni walked into his quarters with a frown on his face. He yanked off his hat and placed it on the table staring out the window lost in thought. He jerked as he felt hands grab his arms twisting his form around to face a Kaddar a Highlander who placed hands on his cheeks. He shut his eyes shutting down his mind as he saw in his mind’s eye three Highlanders wearing Kaddar uniforms walking down a hallway with doors lining both sides. Some of the doors were open and some were closed. He stiffened as the three Highlanders reached the end of the hallway to face Emperor Palin his brother standing there with arms folded. His brother was abruptly grabbed by a large plant that appeared behind him as Paul burst into a ball of light that shattered. The plant disappeared as the three Kaddar in a running move charged at the door in the end of the hallway breaking it in pieces. The three each grabbed pieces of the door and yanked it out of the doorway as closed doors in the sides of the hallway burst open. Tikcanni groaned feeling a headache as memories burst through his mind’s eye. 
He moaned out “Raisa.” 
A memory of himself arrived showing him floating in water with hands out in front of him touching Raisa’s hands as she floated in the water. The memory changed to show him standing on an open deck with railing around it as water lapped over the edges of the deck. There was a shed in the corner that was the elevator with the doors closed. He was wearing his bathrobe with nothing on underneath while staring at the horizon. He heard a shrieking sound and turned around to face Raisa wearing her black clothing sitting on a railing holding out her hands. He went to her putting his hands on her back and lowered his face till his lips were touching hers for a kiss. He felt Raisa’s webby hands undid his bathrobe baring himself as he moved his hands underneath her long sleeve top feeling her. 

Tikcanni shook his head of the scene of him mating with Raisa as he opened his eyes and he felt the hands on his arms let go of him along with the hands touching his cheeks removed. Groaning he place a gloved hand on his forehead rubbing the area. 
He heard in his mind Merra’s voice speaking “Raisa is your mate and mother of your three children. Oksanisa is her twin sister who I bore along with Raisa. Their father is your predecessor Emperor Medun.”

AFTER ERIC'S PEOPLE LEAVE THE WATER SHIP: MERRA
Merra hears Brianna questioning her about her people’s lives. Merra tells Brianna as she gets older about her people’s lives, mates, children and death. Merra notices that Brianna starts to have crying bouts after being told of a death of her people. 

TIKCANNI BEFORE HIS DEATH: TIKCANNI
Tikcanni sits in the wheelchair of Oceana’s headquarters in Americania his eyes staring at the floor as he hears Raisa’s voice still with youngness speaking to him what he’s thinking about. He speaks he was thinking about the end of his life. He slowly yanks off one of his gloves to put on the table next to him to feel Raisa’s hand touch him followed by her voice pleading for him to look at her whom he does and stiffens when he sees the cauldron image in her mind is gone and he is reading her mind with no blocks in it. He sees in her mind Eric sitting on a bed holding a hand belonging to a female he recognizes as Eric’s mate Brianna who’s appearance is different and sees tears come from Eric’s face who lies next to Brianna wrapping his arms around her then sees a Highlander with appearance that eerie reminds him of himself but has black hair enter the room staring at Eric who looks at him with tear stained eyes then gets up from the bed lifting up Brianna carrying her while following the Highlander out.  The scene changes to show Eric standing on the land deck staring at the water ship which its gang plank splits in two falling towards the ocean down below as the ship moves through the water leaving the land deck heading towards the open ocean. The scene again changes to show the ship smashing through a small wall of cold ice surrounded by higher walls that shatter hitting the ocean with big splashes and the ship continues on going out of sight as he sees with shock numerous water sprouts in the water heading towards the area where the ship smashed through and sees one of the water sprouts become a big splash as an Orca flies out of the water in a spinning arc which hits the water with another big splash and then the scene changes to show the ship traveling through a large water pathway with cliff walls on the side that are inches away from it and reaches an open body of water and goes out of sight as the water bursts in bubbles with numerous water sprouts and he sees an underwater view showing large gonoids swimming in the water heading towards the area the ship came from followed by too numerous to count small swimming gonoids of many shapes and sizes all swimming towards the area where the ship came from. He again sees the ship sink into the water and follows the ship going through the water which part of it hit and underwater mountain that is small enough to be hilly sized forming a hole in it and figures with manoid forms swim out of the hole after the ship sinks to the ocean floor nearby to sit. He hears Raisa’s voice mentally speaking to him as the scene of Eric sitting on a bed with his mate Brianna lying on it with eyes closed again flashes in his mind’s eye 
“What you are seeing is the future where a Highlander will lead Eric out of the water ship after his mate dies and the ship will free others trapped from their prisons as it takes to the ocean to its place of eternal rest.” 
Tikcanni frowned as he again heard Raisa’s voice mentally speaking “Eric is still angry at your kind for you have not stopped your anger towards him. Once you stop your anger and see him as your ally his anger towards Highlanders will end for only one of your kind can lead him out of the water ship. It is vital for him to leave the ship for should he remains aboard the ship will not be able to free others from their prisons who’ll remain trapped till death claims them.” 
Tikcanni once again saw the cauldron image in Raisa’s mind as her hand left his hand from touching him. He stared at her night sky eyes that showed no emotion in them but he could see pleading in her face. He lowered his eyes to stare at his bare hand lying on the table that looked relaxed from the looks of it. He frowned as he took his hand off the table to put on his glove covering it and bowed his head to stare at his hands on his lap lost in thought as the images Raisa gave him again flashed in his mind. 
He heard Merra’s voice speaking in his mind “Tikcanni, Raisa isn’t kidding on what she showed you. The ship is controlled by a female mind named Anya that views Eric as her offspring. She has said to me she won’t travel to the ocean if he remains aboard. Anya has told me that she fears that Eric won’t leave the ship not for anything after his mate dies who she senses will die but isn’t sure when. She also told me that she heard Eric oath to Brianna that he will live on and find another as his mate after Brianna told him to do this and oath to her. Anya has another fear that Eric won’t keep the oath and will remain aboard the ship isolated and alone till despair gets him which she thinks he will leave the ship going into the ocean to allow the elements to destroy him out of his grief of losing Brianna.”
Tikcanni frowned as Merra paused and he heard her continue speaking “You’re the only reason that will get Eric to trust the Highlander who will remind him of his oath to Brianna and get him to leave the ship which Anya underneath my guidance will travel freeing the others from their prisons to a place of eternal rest underneath the ocean. I shouldn’t be telling you this but the Highlander you saw leading Eric out of the ship is actually a descendant of you whose line comes from your oldest son Pave who was showed the images Raisa gave you by herself with my help and has from some convincing viewed Eric as an ally and has passed that view to his descendants.”
Tikcanni stiffened hearing the words as Merra continued talking “I should confess the actual reason Pave sees Eric as his ally whom I assure you has nothing to do with Eric himself being part of the gonoid species legend. The actual reason is your son viewed the tape of Eric killing Emperor Palin realized from hearing Eric’s words translated by a Drainer that Eric had anger towards Highlanders and figured out what Eric meant by his words ‘Manipulator and deceiver’.  Pave figured that a Highlander did something to Eric which made him angry enough to retaliate by killing a Highlander which his target was Emperor Palin who he realized Eric saw represented the Highlanders from his title.”
Tikcanni frowned inwardly hearing Merra’s words as she kept talking “Pave after that visited the land deck at the time of the Atlanta host Terrania Unity Games just to glimpse Eric which he saw him with his own eyes executed a Kenibian athlete and he met a Highlander answering to the name of Shuen Jiang who admitted to him in a private place that his kind are mind walkers and he used his mind walking ability to wipe out Eric’s memories making him forget things. Pave then became convinced of the view of seeing Eric as his ally after Shuen told him that people whose minds are wiped are normally consumed by anger towards Highlanders and will lash out hurting a Highlander in the process as their way of retaliating against what was done to them. Shuen Jiang in question has visited each of your children and admitted what he did to Eric to them along with telling them what he told Pave and gave an explanation to them for Eric’s behavior towards Emperor Palin. Your children haven’t mentioned this to you for you have verbally refused to talk about Eric whenever they bring the subject up in your presence.” 
He felt Merra leave his mind as he raised his eyes to stare at Raisa who looked back at him with her eyes showing pleading in them which he exhaled a breath very loudly and placed on of his hands on the table which was grabbed by her hand. He stared at her seeing the cauldron image in her mind along with an impossible to break mind block in it. He frowned then spoke out loud “Prepare a car. I want to go out to the water ship.” 
He heard the door to the quarters open and close as he felt Raisa squeeze his hand and release it which he placed it on his lap to clear his throat and he felt the wheelchair he was sitting in move as if pushed out of the quarters to a hallway to the elevator where two Kaddar guards were in it that stood straighter seeing him. He frowned as the elevator went down with a humming sound and then the doors opened showing the lobby which the wheelchair was again pushed out through the lobby to the door which a Kaddar there opened showing a ramp leading down a set of stairs to a vehicle sitting at the curb waiting with three Kaddar. He felt the chair pushed down and reaching the car he slowly stood up and with assistance from the Kaddar was put inside to sit. 
He mentally spoke as the car drove through the city “Merra, did you fix the damage to Eric’s mind done by this Shuen Jiang?”
He heard Merra speak “Shuen managed to restore Eric’s memories with my help and Brianna doing work for me. The restoring has left Eric’s mind from my scans of it more powerful than a Highlander’s mind walking abilities with him having no mind walking ability but the ability to detect his mind being scanned along with blocking Highlanders from mind wiping him and manipulating his mind to compulsively do things including being able to prevent Highlanders no matter how powerful they are from doing very deep scans of his mind.”
Tikcanni frowned hearing Merra’s words as he mentally spoke “Interesting but how did that happen?”
Merra replied “I’m not sure but I suspect those abilities in Eric’s mind were already there waiting to be activated which Shuen set off by mind wiping him. This conclusion came to me when I first scanned Eric’s mind after I first detect him before he was mind wiped by Shuen.” 
Tikcanni groaned a soft sound as he felt Merra leave his mind. 

ANYA AFTER BRIANNA'S DEATH: ANYA
Anya senses Brianna dying destroys the link mentally linking her to Eric who is in vertical tube room with hand on her tube. She sees Eric looking confused and leaves vertical tube room. She senses Highlander walking in the cruise ship towards Eric as Brianna dies while resisting the urge to leave the land deck towards the open sea. Highlander she senses reaches Eric and convinces him to leave the ship which she is relieved to feel them leave her. She destroys the gang plank and sails the cruise ship towards the sea on the horizon. Merra contacts her as she is about to sink with two choices, travel through King Winter’s kingdom to a place where she can sit underwater preserved or sink and be destroyed by nature underwater. Anya chooses to be preserved and with instructions from Merra travels through King Winter’s kingdom. In the process meets the Elementals who lock the ship with ice while speaking words which they act like they can’t hear her talking to them. Anya is annoyed which she hears Merra sounding angry scolding the Elementals about Anya talking to them which they aren’t hearing her. Anya senses the Elementals walk in the ship towards her a brain with wires attached to it in a tube and senses them standing in front of the tube staring at her. Elementals talk with Merra speaking Anya’s words then Elementals leave the ship which ice locking the ship in position float away. Anya travels ship through King Winter’s kingdom to land with no snow on it through a canal area with cliff walls on the sides reaching a huge lake that feels fresh water while sensing ocean water at the bottom of the lake. Merra tells her about the Zeskaya trapped in an underwater hill or mountain in the lake and requests her as she sinks bang a hole in the area and frees them. Anya sinks ship aiming at the mountain hill and slams part of ship into the area forming a hole and then sinks on the bottom nearby. Anya hears Merra talking to the Zeskaya insisting they go in the ship which she senses figures a large number swimming out of the cave towards the ship which they enter. She hears Merra telling them about Anya herself which she interrupts telling Merra that there’s a way of accessing the information to the ship by creating a Zeskaya using a piece of dead Andrew Kossman. Merra tells them that which they do. Anya tells Merra what to say to Zeskaya to create the figure which she hears Merra repeating her words. In the tube room Zeskaya sees Anya’s brain in tube which Anya hears Merra telling them is Anya herself. A Zeskaya take off mask which Anya sees has Alexei’s face and is shocked but keeps it to herself. 

ZESKAYA CREATES KOSSMAN: KOSSMAN
Kossman comes out of tube says his name is Kossman and mentions that the Sun Lord has fathered a son when he sees Leader’s face exactly like Alexei. Leader is disbelieving which Kossman keeps insisting but Leader says that there’s no way that his brother would mate with a stinking Human. Zeskaya bring Kossman to cafeteria room to eat food and a Zeskaya brings folder of Eric placing it in front of him. Kossman takes out picture and says it’s the son he has in his mind. Leader sees picture and exclaims it’s the Dictator which Kossman groans as he recalls there being a Sun Lord nicknamed Dictator who ruled with Rakcar like a dictator which the Zeskaya overthrown. Kossman recalls Dictator’s face was seen and he saying he’ll return before being executed. Leader gets angry demands information about Eric referring him as Dictator which Kossman recalls in his mind about a video file which Alexei took with his own hand he saw that Alexei refers Eric as his son. Kossman takes Leader to Alexei’s office shows the video which shows Alexei’s face that refers Eric as his son. Kossman asks question about how a Zeskaya could live among Humans undetected which Leader interrupts with comment as a Human. Leader is shocked as Kossman leaves him alone to visit Eric with help of Merra to his location which he sees Rakcar and Drainer talking to Eric wearing Sun Lord clothes which he waits till Rakcar leaves then reveals himself to Drainer who is shocked. He gets Eric to reveal his face as Drainer is shocked then gets Drainer to leave and then talks to Eric about his kind along with showing him scene with hands touching him. Kossman visits Alexei on Shadan who gives him a book which he drops off in Sun Lord’s quarters in Jiang’s presence then returns to the ship to an angry Leader who is annoyed about him leaving. Kossman mentions that Eric is ruler of this world called Terrania using title Sun Lord which Leader is not believing till they hear Merra sounding angry say Kossman is telling the truth. A Zeskaya arrive talking about the Sun Lord has been found on Shadan in a Human form and he has fathered a son who is not aware of his species heritage and wants to meet his son. 

Rick and Brianna's Story
Rick: descendant of Eric via his son Ricky
Brianna: clone copy of original Brianna herself

BRIANNA
Brianna woke up from the bed with a gasp shaking as she sensed the window shade had come up again. The plant the shape of a giant eyeball surrounded by petals was peering in the window with orange light shining over it. With a frown she got up from the twin bed and went to the window shade yanking it down. She grabbed the string and tied it to the metal bar attached to the wall. She heard a knock on the door and went to the door of the small room and opened it. The school student nurse a female Monarch stood outside wearing her uniform which consisted of a white dress with a white coat over it. 
There was a name tag pinned to her uniform which read “Nurse Marina.”
Nurse Marina spoke “School will be starting in thirty minutes so get ready.”
Brianna nodded her head and gently closed the door going to the bed to yank the blankets in order. She straightened the blue dress she was wearing over black leggings and slipped her sock feet into her flat black shoes. 
Groaning she grabbed her backpack and slung it over her shoulder and left the room closing the door with a sign on the door read “Brianna’s room, do not enter.”
She went to the table in the middle of the infirmary and pulled a chair sitting down waiting as Nurse Marina arrived carrying a tray full of dishware holding food and drink which she set down in front of Brianna who ate the food with silverware. She looked out the window staring at the orange light shining outside showing plants that had eyeballs in them while chewing her food. 
Nurse Marina sat in a chair opposite of Brianna and spoke with antennas swishing on top of her head “It’s not right for you to be contained here because of the bad air making you choke every time you breathe. There should be something out there for you to breathe better.” 
Brianna nodded her head in agreement and continued eating her food and drank her drink. With a sigh she finished with her food got up putting her backpack on her back and picked up the tray carrying it out of the infirmary. She passed by open glass doorways to the stairs and went down them to a hallway that had a row of windows on her left with double doors. She with one hand pulled open one door and walked inside the room which was a cafeteria where rows of benches and tables stood. She went to an open door in the wall and entered the kitchen where the cook a male Kenibian was busy at the stove. Brianna stood waiting as Cook Halawi paused from sipping from a wooden spoon held by one of his hands over a large pan on the stove. 
Cook Halawi spoke without looking at her “You can set the tray in the sink, Brianna.” 
Brianna spoke “Ok.” 
Then she went to the sink sitting in front of a series of windows and gently placed the tray and dishes in the sink. She frowned staring out the window seeing the orange light shining from the sun over a vast field of waving green plants. With a sigh she left the sink and passed by Cook Halawi and entered the cafeteria. She walked out of the cafeteria towards a hallway and walked following it till it went up like a ramp and entered a small classroom where seven desks with chairs attached sat in a semicircle backs to the wall of windows. As Brianna entered the room, Tutor Dragutova an Akylah looked up from reading a book held in her hands at a desk in the corner of the room. 
Tutor Dragutova spoke “You’re early as always, Brianna.” 
Brianna spoke “I can’t help it.”
She went to a desk and sat in the hard chair and pulled out one of her three, five subject notebooks. 
She opened it to the sectioned labeled “The Planet Terrania’s Air.” 
Brianna began reviewing her notes she wrote from yesterday attending Tutor Dragutova’s first period class at the city of Atlanta’s High School. Soon she heard chattering of voices in the hallway followed by lockers slamming open and close. 
The bell rang its shrilling noise and Brianna opened her notebook to a fresh page and wrote today’s date. Then with pencil ready to take notes she watched as Tutor Dragutova walked in her line of sight to stand in front of the desks with the black board behind her waiting as students walked into the room to sit in the desks. 

Brianna paused walking by the wired electrical fence that led to thick white double doors entrance to the Forbidden Forest. She peered in the greenery of green tall trees and bushes seeing nothing with a frown. Her senses were prickling her for she sensed that she was being watched from the greenery. Frowning she rubbed a hand on her neck thinking of her missing locket a student stole and threw in the Forbidden Forest. With a shake of her head she walked by passing students on her way to towards the double doors of the gymnasium which she entered.

RICK
Rick paused from his hunting sensing a particular urge that pointed towards the wired fence. He ran through the bushes in his animal skin boots jumping over them towards the fence the boundary of the land and stood looking at the students in his hidden invisibility state. He stood watching as the female with long hair colored black like his short hair, wearing a blue dress walked in view. Rick felt his sensitive part, covered by animal skin pants held by an animal skin belt; below his waist between his legs throb the mating urge. He walked with the fence between them watching her face with his brown eyes a smile on his face. He saw her pause from walking to turn her head looking in his direction with confusion on her face in her blue eyes as she looked eyes darting around. He saw her place a hand on her neck as she stared unseeing him. Rick stared at her face and brought a clawed hand to his mouth to keep from gasping out loud. 
He thought to himself “It’s her, the woman from the locket and she’s real.”
He followed her with the fence between them and frowned of sadness as she entered a doorway disappearing from eyes sight. Rick went around a thick tall tree and leaned his back on it sighing softly as he hidden from eyes sight appeared pulled the necklace around his neck by a cloth cord and held up the small square shaped locket. He gently opened it to stare at two pictures imbedded inside. One was a head shot picture of a male with short black hair, golden eyes, with a nasty look on his face and fanged teeth were bared. Rick frowned staring at the picture of the male whose face was the same as his but his eyes were brown. The other was a head shot picture of the woman with a far away look on her face with brown eyes and black hair. Rick sighed and closed the locket. He heard a howl sound and narrowed his eyes turning invisible walking further into the forests of trees and bushes. He looked down at the ground to see a tube channel on his right and leading underground. He kept walking looking at the ground till a yellow thick line appeared buried into the ground. With a growl he stepped over the line and walked pass trees and bushes till he reached the bank of the river. Two furry animals, wolves, both males, wearing metal collars around their necks ran up on fours towards him as he appeared from his hidden state. Rick bent down to pet the wolves that panted opening their mouths while shaking. He sighed and went to a tree putting his back to it and slid to the ground till his seat was touching the ground. 
He spoke out loud while putting a hand on the locket “I saw her, the woman from the locket. She’s real and I’ll find a way to get her inside here to me.”
Rick paused to look at the wolves one was busy chewing at the metal collar around his companion’s neck. He stared at the wolf that stopped chewing to stare at him and then gestured with a head towards his companion. 
He spoke pointing a clawed finger at the wolves “For the last time I told you the answer is no. I’m not freeing you no matter what. You’re free to go any where you want but I’m not taking that collar off.” 
He leaned his head against the tree trunk glaring at the wolves that lay down on their stomachs staring at him with their yellow eyes. Rick looked above him to see the land’s see through dome that covered the area. He sighed and lowered his head to stare at the river moving through slowly. He could see across the river on the bank were a group of wolves that were lapping the river with their mouths. One of them, he saw, looked up at him with a stare then howled some call as the other wolves stopped their lapping to howl. Rick frowned hearing his two wolves howl an answering call then the wolves on the opposite bank darted as a group going into the forest disappearing from his eyes sight. With a growl he closed his eyes hand gripping the locket and let sleep overcome him. 

BRIANNA
Brianna paused staring at the greenery of the Forbidden Forest. The prickling feeling she felt wasn’t there like it was when she walked to her second period gym class. With a frown she continued walking by the wire fence towards the hallway on the way to her third period class while staring at the Forbidden Forest out of the corners of her eyes. Reaching the hallway she sighed as she walked out of view of the Forbidden Forest and kept walking till she reached the stairwell and walked up pass students going in different directions besides her.

Brianna paused from walking in the Forbidden Forest with a video camera in her hand. She video taped a scene and looked through the viewfinder to tape to see a large foot sized toad slipping on the earth sliding back and forth while trying to climb from an open earth tube going in the ground. With a frown she put down the camera and ran to the toad. She kneeled grabbing the toad by its arms and yanked it up onto the ground. She sighed as she stood up watching the toad rubbed a webby hand on its body and visibly shook itself before hopping away towards the double doors that led to the Forbidden Forest entrance. Brianna went to the camera and paused as a clawed hand holding her locket by its cloth cord appeared in front of her. She stared at the clawed hand and trailed her eyes up the muscular arm towards the chest she could see was muscular and a male. Her eyes went up his neck to his face and she gasped with recognition. It was the male from the picture in her locket in living flesh but his eyes were brown colored. Brianna stiffened as he held up his free clawed hand towards her cheek and slowly placed a hand there. She exhaled air feeling currents of pleasure as his hand gently rubbing her cheek as the hand went to grip her chin. She kept her blue eyes on his brown ones as he lowered his face and brought his lips to her lips kissing her. Brianna felt currents of pleasure through out herself as her lips moved kissing him back. She shivered as he broke off the kiss and took one of her hands placing the locket in it and he turned around walking away, stopping to look behind him a few times till he disappeared from eyes sight. Brianna sighed and placed the locket around her neck then she picked up the camera and walked towards the toad sitting next to her discarded backpack which she slung over her shoulder. She went to the double doors and opened it walking out. The doors slammed closed behind her as she walked out. 

RICK
Rick heard slamming noises that woke him up from his nap. He shook his head and got up to investigate the noises. He walked stepping over the thick yellow line in the ground weaving between trees and bushes till he paused to hear rustling noises. Turning invisible he walked closer towards the noises and paused with shock to see the woman from the locket standing in a clearing holding an object in her hand. He took off the locket slipping the cord off his head and stood watching her lower the hand held object before running towards the underground tube. He watched as she kneeled with her hands in front of her yanking a large foot sized toad up. The woman stood up as the toad rubbed a webbed hand on itself then shook before hopping away towards the double door entrance. Rick walked forward towards the woman who walked to the hand held object on the ground. He appeared out of his invisible state and thrust the hand holding the locket by the cloth cord to her bent form which paused to straighten up. He kept his eyes on her as her eyes traveled up his chest to look at him in the eyes. Rick heard her gasp with a look come to her face. He raised a hand bringing it towards her cheek and placed the hand there. He felt a jolt of pleasure running through out him as he rubbed her cheek with his hand then he moved the hand to grip her chin. Rick slowly lowered his face till his lips touched hers kissing her. He felt further jolts of pleasure running through out him and sensed her lips move kissing him back. He broke off the kiss while feeling her shiver and took one of her hands to place the locket on her palm. Rick turned around and walked away while stopping to look behind him to stare at her a few times. Then he walked around a tree disappearing in the bushes and ran jumping over bushes weaving around trees. He reached the yellow line and stepped over it sighing loudly. He heard the familiar banging noises and went to a tree and leaned his back sliding down towards the ground to sit. Rick put a finger to his mouth and rubbed his lips while moaning loudly. He sighed as his two familiar furry companions came out of the bushes walking towards him. 
He spoke “I saw her here in the forest. I kissed her on the lips and wow what lips they were. I never felt anything wonderful like that before. I even gave her back her locket. I just hope she comes back to see me. I just would like to know her name.” 
With another sigh he leaned his head against the tree trunk and stared at the dome sky as the sky became darker. He closed his eyes with a smile on his face sleeping with dreams filled of her.

Brianna comes back near night fall the next day. Rick kisses her she chokes and hits the ground. He places a hand on her cheek panicking rubbing the area. Then picks her up and carries her to his tree where he places her down and cries. Two collared wolves arrives he yanks the collars off their necks and tossed the collars away. The two wolves sit on him as he went silent he heard Brianna speaking as night fell. He gets up shaking off wolves goes to Brianna who tells him her choking stopped when he placed a hand on her cheek. He realizes that his lips give off poison and his skin is the cure. Rick kisses Brianna who grips him through the pants. He and her take off their clothes have sex. Morning arrive he escorts Brianna to forbidden forest entrance she leaves he goes back to his area surrounded by yellow thick line. Brianna meets people who grab her and haul her inside the Forbidden Forest in angry tones asking her how she survived the night. He hears doors bang open followed by angry voices. Rick goes to investigate in hidden state places hand on Brianna’s shoulder and appears to be in front of her when she is threatened by one of people pointing gun at her. Rick knocked out by dart along with Brianna.  Later Brianna wakes up in bed sick goes to the bathroom to throw up several times. Nurse Marina gives her a pregnancy test which Brianna takes and gives to the nurse before going back to room. Nurse Marina gives Brianna results of test tells her she’s pregnant. Brianna walking in empty school to Forbidden Forest meets toad outside the fence who hops away while moving its head as to get her to follow. She follows toad to the pool room where Rick is contained in an office. One of the people detects Brianna and forces her to reveal herself by saying words. She goes to Rick who is awake and angry. Rick mad that he’s chained to wall but calmed by Brianna who tells him she’s pregnant. He kisses Brianna who kisses him back. Men take Brianna away and knocked Rick out. He wakes up in forbidden forest goes to entrance to find electricity running through it. Rick gets angry when Brianna doesn’t walk by the fence to her gym class. He sitting with back to tree hears wolf howl sees bear heading his way from swimming in river sits there letting bear comes to him. Two wolves with collars around them arrive and chases bear away into water. Rick frees wolves that stay with him and helps him live when he doesn’t have the heart to hunt for food. Brianna’s pregnancy increases reveals twins she’s on bed rest gets in labor during school out for the season. Babies are taken out by c section in a class room set up for medical equipment. One of the doctors goes in forbidden forest to get Rick who is angry at him. The doctor explains Brianna’s condition which Rick understands. The Doctor takes Rick to hallway ramp going up where Humanoid Lizards with fanged teeth standing behind window with hands reaching in through holes in windows. Rick tells Doctor that their blood drinkers. He observed them drinking from a deer and examined the deer after they dispose of body and says the blood was drained from it. One of the blood drinkers reaches hand through window and touches Rick on the shoulder in a gentle way which doctor sees and speaks that he’ll see that they’ll get the blood they need. Rick goes to room Brianna kept in sees babies in oxygen box and is told that they can’t breathe the air he is breathing. Rick’s brother Trevor comes in and recognizes him as his missing brother, called Rick Kossman from two years ago who disappeared in the men’s locker room leaving notes in his backpack and his twin’s backpack. Rick has trouble recognizing Trevor who asks him to stay with a sleeping Brianna. He agrees so Trevor leaves room. Rick lays on his side asleep hears door open and feels stabbing pain in his back putting him asleep. He wakes up on bed with sore back and Brianna’s back lying on top of him covered by a blanket with his arms around her. His right arm is feels sore but he can still move it. Trevor’s twin brother Kurpanov is in the room reunion with brothers. Rick goes back to Forbidden Forest with two wolves both females for company. Brianna wakes up told that the babies can’t breathe air she breathes so recovers from pregnancy. School starts again and she walks to gate of forbidden forest. One day the wolves wake him up and indicate to go to gated fence he goes in his hidden state and see Brianna walking by. He follows her with wolves besides him and he sees toad sitting outside the fence looking at her as she walks by. Brianna pauses and looks in Rick’s direction unseeing him and smiles a small smile. She also sees toad sitting outside the fence watching her as she goes to gym class. Rick chased by bear gets rages seeing nothing but whiteness and knocked down by bear unconscious and is found in bear trap with tree thorns in his back by Trevor and Kurpanov on horseback. Thorns removed, Rick awakes and told of the thorns by the tree given long sleeve top by Kurpanov which he wears. Next day gets thorn in his hand leaves Forbidden forest to infirmary, gets thorn removed by Nurse Marina has sleepiness which he sleeps on Brianna’s bed which Brianna is happy to see him. Later Rick at Brianna’s insisting exchanges clothes from his animal skin pants and boots to some regular clothes. Brianna is treated unfairly by the students in the cafeteria room. They bang trays on her head and dump liquids on her. Rick told to resume school tries classes but gets frustrated and leaves to forbidden forest. Brianna finds him before he arrives to there tells him of alternating learning with a tutor along with giving him the locket as a promise of her love. He agrees to the gesture and learns by tutor. 

One day their in hallway alone kissing when their interrupted by Sun Lord (Eric as the Sun Lord whose Brianna recently died) and escorts along with Principal Jawali. Sun Lord asks through Highlander about the locket Rick is wearing, Brianna admits she gave it to him her adoptive mother who couldn’t have children due to some sickness giving her the locket when she started the breathing problem. Rick shows Sun Lord the pictures. Sun Lord seen putting hand to forehead and then abruptly leaves the school.
Brianna in cafeteria is tortured by students thumping trays on her head which she gets upset and leaves to meet Rick in hallway. 
Rick gets frustrated with his tutoring goes out in hallway to blow his anger off. Brianna arrives to calm him as he gets rages and she attempting to calm him is hit from behind by someone else who Rick feels punches him several times before running away. Rick calms down to see Highlander student finger him for hitting Brianna which teacher and security arrest him and he is brought to the pool house room and chained. Brianna wakes up in infirmary in her room and tells Nurse Marina that she was hit from behind when calming Rick having a rage episode. Nurse Marina believes her as Rick chained in pool room is freed and brought to infirmary where the nurse tells them that a Highlander student using his name or not attacked them and the attack was caught on recorded camera which the student has been jailed as a result of the attack. Rick and Brianna eat together in the cafeteria at a table with students walking by looking at them with range of emotions on their faces. 

Trevor comes and tells Rick and Brianna in private of their room the identity of the Sun Lord Eric and the loss of his mate Brianna who looks like Brianna herself along with the Sun Lord’s female Niya. Trevor adds that Eric has been watching Brianna through TV monitors in his quarters and it was him who gave the school the recording of their attack along with getting them to treat Brianna better. Their shocked but keeps the secret. 

School resumes as Rick takes gym class and faints during class choking visibly. Brianna in her swimming class is yanked out of the pool coughing and choking. Rick and Brianna after a change of clothes are brought to their room examined by Trevor who tells them that their dying. Rick and Brianna lying in bed ask Nurse Marina to send for the Sun Lord who comes and shows his face at their request to them alone with a Highlander presence. They tell Sun Lord that Trevor, Rick’s older brother told him who he is and the loss of his Brianna. Rick gives Sun Lord the locket telling him to give to daughter and tells him to tell their twins about them when their grown. Brianna apologizes to Sun Lord that she could not be his mate despite looking like his Brianna. Rick tells Sun Lord to move on with Niya. Sun Lord leaves as Trevor and Kurpanov come in to visit Rick and Brianna. Later they leave. Then Rick and Brianna during the night start choking gasping for air. They start kissing while choking and Brianna passes out unconscious as Rick lies holding her. He sees out the window the sun come up and dies as Brianna gets transported off planet and wakes up in Edenia as a Hayu and meets Dictator calling him Eric, who hates that name. Dictator insists on being called Dictator and accepts Brianna pairing herself to him as he does the same with a jealousy attitude towards males touching her seen and noted. 

The End?
