Eric Book Series: File on Eric's Clone
Edenia Series
Copyright Beth Hoyer 2014
Published at Smashwords
This eBook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This eBook may be downloaded or given away to other people. If you would like to share this eBook with another person, please download an additional copy for each recipient. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.

Kurpanov Kossman File: Clone of Eric Zesky, and Clone of Kurpanov the Surrai, identified.

Begin File:
Kurpanov Kossman woke up with a start finding himself floating in a cylinder tube surrounded by blue liquid. His eyes looked around unseeing things as he felt the tube lower itself becoming horizontal and felt himself thrust out onto the floor that felt rugged to the touch. He heard a loud gasp sound looked up on his right to spot Human male wearing green clothing holding a long gun weapon standing there with a shocked expression on his face. Kurpanov Kossman felt himself angry got up from the floor and charged towards the male throwing a fist into the man’s face that rolled his eyes before falling to the floor appearing to go unconscious. He stared at the male and sensed a weird feeling which he brought his hands clawed up to his eyes sight and stiffened seeing them fade from view and reappear. He allowed the weird feeling to take control letting his body faded from view turning invisible as he heard running footsteps to spot two Humans wearing green clothing and one Human male he recognized as Alexei Zesky that came into view. He felt anger charged at the two green clothed males with hands in fists knocking them unconscious then darted towards Alexei who halted his walk. 
He heard Alexei speak "Hello?” 
Kurpanov Kossman reached Alexei putting a hand on the man’s throat while sensing himself revealing his form from invisible state. 
He saw Alexei’s face turn to shock followed by the man speaking “Eric?”
Kurpanov Kossman felt himself becoming shocked along with a fainting feeling which persisted. He released his hold on Alexei’s neck and rolled his eyes and felt himself falling backwards to feel the rugged floor on his back followed by losing sensation of his body and everything around him while sensing himself passing out unconscious. Kurpanov Kossman on later admittance, dreamed of his life as Kurpanov the Surrai on a planetary world dubbed Terrania he figuring out the planet's name as said via recorder when filmed to record his memories what he got via his mind. 

Kurpanov the Surrai story file:
Kurpanov saw a male he recognized as Hades another form of Drainer with face entirely covered in black mask with only yellow orbs where the eyes were. He saw Hades sat on the table trying to sleep despite it being daylight. He groaned hearing yelling and screaming noises followed by sounds of fighting. Hades got up from table and left the rocky clearing pushing aside the ivy vines and followed the sounds of fighting till he reached a clearing and stood watching the Surrai fighting among each other. Groaning he jerked his arms feeling something wrapped around them and looked to see tree roots tightly around his arms. Hades looked at the fighting Surrai all wearing night sky colored pants that wrapped around their feet and ankles fighting among each other with their muscular forms. He looked to see a sun colored haired male Surrai with hair pulled back in a messy tail he recognized as Nemovsky hit the ground falling on his stomach. Hades looked to see a night sky colored haired male Surrai he recognized as Yuri with his hair pulled back in a messy tail typical of the Surrai’s hair standing over Nemovsky raising his clawed hand in a fist intending to hit the fallen Surrai on the back. Hades groaned as he watched with shock as a tall tree bent down grabbing Yuri by the branches and lift itself up taking the Surrai who screamed taking him with it. The Surrai stopped their fighting to witness Yuri lifted up as the tree righted itself with him pinned to it. Hades felt the tree root around his arms left him and he stood as one of the Surrai stomped towards him growling. 
Hades recognized the growling male Surrai as Yugadin with sun colored hair who growled out in a guttural voice “No Face, you were told not to interfere with our battles so free him.” 
Hades groaned inwardly at the name and looked at his right to see a large thick branched tree waving as the other Surrai looked. The tree with the thick branches bent down touching the ground then went back up righting itself leaving a figure standing there growling. Hades and the Surrai stared with curiosity seeing the growling figure was a male Surrai with sun colored hair pulled back in a messy tail growling with his golden eyes typical among the Surrai narrowed. 
Yugadin loudly spoke “Another one to fight with.”
A male Surrai with sun colored hair named Yolly charged at the growling Surrai as a tree root came out of the ground wrapping itself around Yolly’s feet that fell towards the ground. 
Yugadin spoke “No Face, stop interfering with our battles.” 
Hades spoke “I’m not doing that.” 
Yugadin yelled “Well stop doing that!”
The growling Surrai standing there witnessing the exchange spoke “No Face is not doing that, I am.” 
A night colored haired Surrai named Trevor standing next to Yugadin spoke “No Surrai can do that so it’s got to be No Face.” 
Hades groaned inwardly as the Surrai except the growling one advanced towards him growling. He held up his hands standing there and felt something like tree branches grab him lifting him up from the ground raising him in the sky. Hades heard yells of protest from the Surrai and felt the tree bent down. He looked to see himself land in the rocky clearing where the two large stones with a large table stone on top sat in the middle. Groaning Hades went to the table and sat in a kneeling position and bowed his head falling asleep. 

The new Surrai dubbing himself, Kurpanov stood in the clearing watching the others wave their fists at the tree that lifted No Face up taking him away. 
One of them wearing a top with a female form walked up to him speaking in a higher tone of a guttural voice “The name is Mal, you got a name?”
Kurpanov replied “The name is Kurpanov.” 
Mal spoke “Good, we’re all called Surrai.” 
Kurpanov growled seeing her turned and swung her leg, foot aiming at his stomach which he easily grabbed with his clawed hand lifting her up in the air and threw her away from him. She, he saw landed on the dirt ground with a groan as the other Surrai seeing that advanced towards him growling. 
Kurpanov spoke “You shouldn’t be fighting among each other.” 
A sun colored haired Surrai yelled at his remark “The name is Yugadin, defend yourself Kurpanov!”
Yugadin charged full body attack at Kurpanov who stood aside flipping him to land on the ground. He stood his ground as other Surrai advanced attacking him in one by one which he easily defeated knocking them onto the ground. Kurpanov stood watching the Surrai lying on the ground groaning. 
One of them with night sky colored hair got up and spoke “The name is Trevor, you Kurpanov are not Surrai. No Surrai can do what you did.” 
Kurpanov spoke “I am Surrai and a wise one who thinks you should stop fighting among each other.” 
Trevor shook his head speaking “We fight for it’s our nature and you should accept this.” 
The other Surrai got up from their positions on the ground. 
Kurpanov spoke “I don’t find this acceptable and I refused to fight.” 
Mal who got up spoke “Some Surrai you are. If you refused to fight then I’m wasting my time talking you.”
A sun colored haired Surrai spoke “The name is Nemovsky. I think no Surrai talks to Kurpanov unless he fights.” 
There were mutters of agreements among the other Surrai except Kurpanov who folded his arms with a glare at Nemovsky who flinched from the look. The Surrai walked away from him scattering among the forests of trees except Trevor. 
Trevor spoke “Kurpanov, I’ll show you where to drink but you’re on your own after that.”
Kurpanov lowered his arms as he followed Trevor through mazes of bushes and trees passing through clearings till the two reached a large lake that was fueled by a waterfall off a cliff wall above. Surrai were there scattered around the edges of the lake in kneeling positions drinking the water from scooping it with their hands. 
Trevor spoke “The drinking spot where we replenish our energy.” 
Kurpanov went to the edge of the lake on a rock and kneeled putting his hand in the water scooping it up and drank from his hand. He watched Trevor who kneeled next to him, like the other Surrai scooped up the water with both hands in a fast motion drinking it. 
Kurpanov spoke “You waste too much energy fighting.”
Trevor abruptly looked at him with a frown on his face as water dripped from his clawed hands. 
Kurpanov continued “Why is No Face letting you fight if he’s your leader?”
Trevor growled some sound and spoke “No Face is not our leader. We fight to determine a leader which we can’t seem to agree on.” 
Trevor growled as he stood up walking away from Kurpanov who watched him walk to another spot besides the lake and kneeled scooping up the water with both hands drinking it. Kurpanov growled some sound and was about to stand up when he felt clawed hands on his back pushing him into the deep lake waters. Kurpanov waved his hands, arms and moved his legs while in the water struggling to keep afloat as the other Surrai watched him. He gasped for air as he began to sink below the water while moving his body in a thrashing motion. Kurpanov thrashed sinking while gagging onto the water choking as darkness threatened to overcome him. He felt hands grab his thrashing arms pulling him up towards the waters’ surface and pulled him out of the water onto the dirt ground. Kurpanov lay on his side groaning as he coughed up the water from within and looked to see looking wet, Nemovsky and Yugadin standing besides him, watching with frowns on their faces. 
Kurpanov gasped out “Why Nemovsky, Yugadin? You could have left me drown.”
Nemovsky spoke “To have a Surrai drown isn’t right.” 
Kurpanov coughed as he sat up groaning out “I refused to fight you as payment for that.” 
Yugadin spoke “You don’t have to, Kurpanov, just accept us as your escorts from now on.” 
Kurpanov groaned as both Nemovsky and Yugadin offered their hands which he grabbed and the two pulled him up to a standing position.
Kurpanov shook off the water and asked “Who pushed me in the lake?”
Nemovsky answered “It was the female Mal who normally does that to us males.” 
Yugadin spoke before Kurpanov could open his fanged teeth mouth “Mal is testing males to see whose worthy of mating with her. She hasn’t picked a male yet but has said that she’ll mate with only the leader of the Surrai.” 
Kurpanov growled out “Hence you fight among each other for leadership to being chosen to mate with the female.” 
Nemovsky and Yugadin groaned loudly seeing his face turned into a glare as he looked around the lake shores. Kurpanov saw Mal with a smirking expression on her face, kneeling next to the lake drinking from her hand and he glared when she looked his way. He saw Mal’s face turn into a frown, seeing him glaring at her as she drank which she got up and walked away into the forests disappearing from his eyes sight. 
Kurpanov snarled out “This fighting among each other for leadership and mating with the female must end now.”
Nemovsky and Yugadin, both groaned hearing Kurpanov’s words. The sun went down on the horizon. 
Nemovsky spoke “We’ll show you where the sleeping quarters is.” 
Kurpanov followed Nemovsky as Yugadin took up the rear passing bushes and trees till they reached a large clearing bordering three logs, sitting in a circle with rocks in a circle inside it. Kurpanov looked to see Surrai in position of a circle, entering the dirt ground which closed up behind them. 
He heard Yugadin speak “Only the leader sleeps in the middle.” 
Kurpanov folded his arms as he saw Mal walk in the middle of the circle and entered the ground which closed up behind her. Kurpanov glared at the ground where Mal entered then he felt Yugadin’s clawed hand on his shoulder. 
Yugadin continued speaking “Kurpanov, go into the sleeping quarter and get some sleep. You’ll need it if you’re going to fight for the female.”
Kurpanov shrugged off Yugadin’s hand and went into the dirt ground as Nemovsky and Yugadin followed him on his sides.

The sun rose shining rays of light. Kurpanov and the Surrai burst from the dirt ground with roaring sounds. Kurpanov stood with Yugadin and Nemovsky as he saw the Surrai scatter leaving the clearing and he walked through the forests till he reached the lake. With a growl Kurpanov kneeled as Yugadin and Nemovsky did the same, each drinking from the lake. Growling some sound Kurpanov swatted the water off his hand and closed his eyes with hands on his kneeling legs. Awareness arrived within him as he sensed the land was a large island, surrounded by a body of water. He focused his mind on the female sensing her walking in the forest and made a growling sound. Kurpanov opened his eyes as he heard a howling sound followed by other roaring sounds. He stood up with escorts running towards the source of the howling to see Mal howling while pinned to a thick tree by roots around her. Roaring Surrai was around her attacking the thick tree roots yanking and pulling on them as she howled. 
Kurpanov stood watching them as Trevor yelled “No Face did this! Let’s get him to free her!”
The Surrai abruptly left Mal running through the forest with Kurpanov and escorts following. He stopped running when they stopped to attack ivy vines pulling at them and were trying to enter through them which the Surrai would groan in pain. Kurpanov growled some sound as ivy vines separated forming an opening. Surrai, he noticed would enter the opening and would run out groaning in pain. 
He heard them screaming “No Face wake up!” 
Kurpanov spoke to Nemovsky and Yugadin “Wait here.” 
He walked forwards grabbing a Surrai out of the way and entered the opening to see that he was a large clearing that was full of rocks on the ground. In front of him was a figure he recognized to be No Face wearing night sky colored clothing kneeling on a large stone slab with his long haired head down asleep. Kurpanov walked towards No Face as he heard the screaming Surrai went silent. He stood in front of No Face and plopped his hands on No Face’s legs digging into them with his claws. Kurpanov waited as No Face lifted his head showing a face that was all night sky colored with golden sun orbs appearing in place as eyes. 
Kurpanov spoke loudly “I am Kurpanov, leader of the Surrai. I control the Surrai here. You’ll accept my authority, No Face.”
Kurpanov heard a male guttural voice coming from No Face speak “I accept, Kurpanov, now let me sleep.” 
Kurpanov let go of No Face’s legs who bowed his head falling asleep. He left the clearing to face the Surrai who were gathered in a group glaring at him. 
One of them he recognized as Yuri spoke “You’re not our leader, Kurpanov. The female hasn’t chosen you.”
Kurpanov growled some sound as a tree root came from the ground wrapping itself around Yuri’s neck that bent down choking. 
Kurpanov spoke “Trevor said ‘you, Kurpanov are not Surrai’. A part of me is not Surrai.”
Another Surrai who Kurpanov recognized as Yolly spoke in anger while pointing a finger at him “I’m not accepting your authority.” 
Yolly walked away as the other Surrai growled their agreements leaving Kurpanov with Yugadin and Nemovsky. Kurpanov growled some sound as the tree root around Yuri’s neck let go. Yuri pointed a finger at Kurpanov and jogged off into the forest.
Kurpanov heard a loud humming like sound ordered “Show me the source of that sound.”
Yugadin walked forwards with Kurpanov following him and Nemovsky behind them. They reached an area in the forest devoid of plants and trees where metal gate arches sat in a circle partly in the dirt ground humming away surrounded by the large clearing. 
Yugadin spoke “The gates lead to other places. Only Trevor enters them and comes out.” 
Kurpanov saw one of the gates flashed as Trevor walked out and he folded his arms.
Kurpanov spoke “The female is the leader, Trevor.” 
He saw Trevor’s face turn into a sneer as he walked towards them. 
Kurpanov continued speaking “Where do you think the female sleeps?”
Kurpanov watched Trevor’s face turned into a frown. He saw Trevor turned his head to stare at him as the Surrai walked by him and left the clearing. Kurpanov walked into the forest with his two escorts walking towards the lake where he kneeled drinking from his hand. He paused to see nearby was Mal with a smirk on her face sneak up behind a kneeling Trevor, drinking from the lake and watched as she put her claws on his back pushing him into the water. Kurpanov’s eyes narrowed growling some sound as Mal with a smirking look on her face walked away walking into the forest. He saw Trevor swam up towards the surface of the water. Kurpanov stood up with escorts, following and walked to where Trevor was, floating in the water and squatted from a large rock offering his clawed hand towards the Surrai who was quick to grab it. With great strength Kurpanov stood up hauling a wet Trevor out, onto the rock to a standing position. 
Kurpanov let go of Trevor’s hand who spoke “You were right on what you said about Mal. I’ve seen the way Mal does that to Surrai with that look on her face. I should have known that she’s doing it to amuse herself.”
Kurpanov spoke “Trevor, you and the Surrai are amusing the female with your fighting.” 
He walked away from Trevor and heard him speak from behind him “Yes I know, leader Kurpanov.”
Kurpanov paused from walking as Trevor continued from behind him “Leader Kurpanov, if you can outwit Mal, the Surrai will accept you as the leader like I have.” 
Kurpanov turned around to face Trevor as he heard Nemovsky spoke “I accept Kurpanov as our leader and will act as his escort and second in command.” 
Kurpanov heard Yugadin echo the same words as a new voice spoke “I heard what’s said and I take back what I said about you, leader Kurpanov.” 
Kurpanov turned around to face the speaker who walked from behind a tree near the group. 
He recognized the Surrai as Yolly who stood facing the group with an angry look on his face while speaking “We’ve been footing our seats for Mal and she still won’t pick a male to mate with. I’ve seen Mal with a look on her face watching us fight and it’s the same look when she pushes us into the water.”
The group heard sounds of Surrai screaming which Yolly continued “It’s the Surrai fighting each other again.” 
Kurpanov walked forward followed by his escorts and Trevor as Yolly led the group towards a clearing where Surrai were busy fighting each other. Kurpanov shook his head scowling seeing Mal standing on the other side of the clearing with a smirk look on her face. He cupped his hands together and loudly howled which got the Surrai to stop fighting. 
They stared at Kurpanov who spoke “Stop your fighting now.” 
One of them belonging to a Surrai named Ander spoke “You’re not the leader Kurpanov.” 
Kurpanov replied “The female is the leader.” 
Another Surrai named Ian spoke “No she’s not.” 
Trevor spoke from his position besides Nemovsky “Guess where Mal sleeps.” 
Kurpanov heard the Surrai grumble hearing Trevor’s words as a third Surrai named Liam spoke “You expect Surrai to accept Kurpanov as leader?”
Yolly standing a few meters in front of Kurpanov and escorts spoke “Make that leader Kurpanov, Liam.” 
Liam growled out “Then I’ll challenge Kurpanov for the position.” 
Yugadin standing besides Kurpanov spoke “You challenge Kurpanov, you challenge me.” 
Nemovsky, Trevor and Yolly echoed the words as Trevor walked to stand in front of Kurpanov besides Yolly. 
Liam held up his clawed hands and spoke “I take back my challenge and will accept Kurpanov as the leader.” 
Kurpanov stood watching as the other Surrai spoke their agreements to Liam’s comment. He made a growling noise and walked forwards raising a hand as a tree bent down towards the group who stared with widen eyes. Kurpanov stuck his hand in the thick tree branches and with his other arm made a gesture which the tree straightened itself revealing a shorter than him Mal with his hand around her neck. 
Kurpanov growled out “The female will accept me as leader and will submit to me.” 
He with a grip on Mal’s neck walked through the forest followed by the Surrai and reached the lake edge. Kurpanov squatted on a rock and put Mal’s form in the water with his hand still gripping her neck dunking her under. He held her as she struggle thrashing while in the water. He brought Mal out of the water with his hand still on her neck then he let go of her leaving her coughing lying on the rock. Kurpanov walked to another part of the lake edge and kneeled scooping up the water with his hand drinking from it while watching Mal with his eyes. The other Surrai did the same copying Kurpanov drinking from their hands. Kurpanov watched as Mal with a glare on her face stood up shaking the water off of herself while wringing her long waist length hair which was in a tail. 
Kurpanov loudly spoke “The female will come here.”
He noticed Mal stop wringing her hair to stare at him with a glare on her face. 
Kurpanov stood up speaking as Mal turned to walk away from him “The female will accept me as leader and will come here now.” 
He glared at Mal who turned and walked towards him with a glare on her face while folding her arms when she reached him. 
Kurpanov spoke in a growling tone “The female will kneel and drink.”
He stood and watched as Mal kneeled besides his feet and drank from the water with her hand. Kurpanov brought his hands on her back and pushed her into the water. He stood on the lake edge watching as Mal swam up to the surface. 
Kurpanov spoke as she floated in the water “The female will come here.” 
He glared at Mal who glared at him and he spoke in a louder tone repeating his words. Kurpanov folded his arms waiting as Mal swam towards the lake edge where he stood and climbed out of the water to stand next to him while wringing her hair. 
Kurpanov grabbed her by the neck and growled out “The female will not push any Surrai into the water and that’s an order. If the female pushes Surrai into the water with my back turned, I will put the female in the water holding her under as punishment.” 
He let go of Mal and walked away followed by Nemovsky and Yugadin. 
Kurpanov walked further into the forest till he reached the ivy vines bordering the rocky clearing and spoke “You two stay here.”
He entered the rocky clearing to see No Face kneeling on the stone slab with head down and walked towards him. 
Kurpanov placed his hands on No Face’s legs digging into them with his claws waiting as No Face rose his head speaking “What do you want, Kurpanov?”
Kurpanov spoke “The Surrai have accepted me as their leader and will submit to me like you will.”
No Face spoke groaning “Fine, whatever you say Kurpanov.” 
Kurpanov leaned his face towards No Face’s face while speaking “I don’t like that tone of yours, No Face.” 
No Face replied “What tone is that Kurpanov? I’m trying to sleep.” 
Kurpanov growled some sound clawing No Face’s legs some more then growled out “Don’t make me throw you in the water for that tone, No Face.” 
No Face spoke “I’m trying to sleep, Kurpanov.” 
Kurpanov let go of No Face’s legs and spoke “Go through the gate and find some place else to sleep.” 
He folded his arms as No Face stood up and left the clearing with him following him. Kurpanov kept his eyes narrowed as he followed No Face with Nemovsky and Yugadin following him through the forest till they reached the clearing where gate metal arches sat. The gate flashed as No Face walked through it. 

File continues with Kurpanov Kossman saying "Kurpanov wound up going to a beach on the island to stand staring at the water. 
There was a light flash that showed a Highlander standing in the water who spoke "Bastard."
Kurpanov manages to learn the Highlander's name of Shuen Jiang and forces the male to submit to his authority and forces him to do what he wants with his mind walking ability. The force involves calling Eric from a water ship to be transported to the island by Kurpanov who uses some kind of power ability to causes some transportation to be done. Eric arrives via travel gate to the island where Kurpanov is standing around waiting."
Kurpanov stood in the Surrai sleeping spot with Shuen Jiang a Highlander with almond shaped eyes and pointed ears he figured was a mind walker. He saw Shuen was held by two Surrai. 
He turned his eyes towards the Highlander who spoke “I’m cut off from Eric. I can sense it.” 
He growled some sound and kneeled closing his eyes as he sensed the island. The gate gave out a loud sound which Kurpanov recognized as new visitor had arrived which he mentally viewed the gate area to see a male figure wearing cloud colored pants and nothing else on him standing in front of a gate with all night sky colored eyes. 
Kurpanov spoke “Eric’s at the gate. Call him to us now.” 
He followed Eric’s progress as he reached the clearing where the Surrai stood surrounding him in a circle. He opened his eyes to look as Eric walked towards him and kneeled in front of him with unblinking night sky colored eyes. 
Kurpanov spoke “You’ll accept the name of Night Eyes as the assumed Leader of us among the Ters.” 
He cocked his head as two Surrai lifted Eric’s arms which he put manacles on the arms at the wrists of Eric. The manacles were tree bark branches to forming that around Eric's wrists.
Kurpanov nodded his head as Shuen was brought forward who protested “No, I won’t do it.”
Kurpanov made a growl like sound and spoke “You’ll do it mind walker or suffer my wrath.” 
He heard the Highlander made a groaning sound and walked forwards and plopped his hands on Eric’s head speaking “You’ll be known among the Ters as Claws.”
Kurpanov watched Eric slid to the ground eyes closed to lie on his back as Shuen backed away from him He watched as black plant fronds came up from the ground surrounding Eric and covered his form entirely while hearing a choking sound that didn't last long.
Kurpanov turned his head towards Shuen who noticing his stare spoke “After the sun goes down is when this will be complete.” 
It took till nightfall is when Kurpanov's patience reached its end. He gave Shuen a glare who gave up a gasp of pain followed by pinned to the tree. He glared at Shuen as he sensed a new visitor to the islands by the gates humming their familiar new visitor noise. He kneeled and focused onto the visitor to find it was Eric wearing clothes twin to the Surrai but had a vest covering his chest and manacles around his wrist. 
He punched Shuen unconscious then stomped to the gate arches' area speaking "Yugadin, Nemovsky hide."
Kurpanov stood in front of the gate arches with arms folded. He could sense Yugadin and Nemovsky hidden in the bushes watching him. 
He spoke in a loud tone “Night Eyes come here.”
He stood waiting as the bushes in front of him rumbled showing a figure which he exhaled air seeing him. He saw the figure was Eric with all night sky colored eyes wearing a night sky colored breast plate vest and Surrai pants on him step into the clearing. 
Kurpanov spoke “Go in the gate and play.”
Night Eyes nodded his head and walked through a gate. Kurpanov kneeled and closed his eyes as he tracked Night Eyes’ progress. He could see Night Eyes was walking slowly in a hallway with round metal on the ceiling and all around him on the walls. Night Eyes stop when he reached a door with an opening at the top, light shined through it. Night Eyes used the pipes to climb to the opening and peered, inside the room to see a man with sunset colored short hair. The man was sitting at a wooden desk with an object on it giving off light while writing something while speaking to a small boxy device held in one hand. Night Eyes quietly slid himself through the opening above the doorway climbing slowly on the pipes. The man paused in his talk and put down the device on the desk he was at and stood up facing the door. Night Eyes swung himself hitting the man in the chest with his feet who fell with a thud against the desk. 
The man groaned as Night Eyes dropped silently down onto the hard floor and charged growling at the man who yelled words which was “No, Eric! Don’t do this!” 
Reaching the man, Night Eyes grabbed his head and gave it a twist while hearing something inside snap. The man’s flailing body went limp giving up to death. Night Eyes dropped the body onto the ground with a thud and stepped back staring at the man’s lifeless open eyes. Night Eyes smiled a smile then he turned as the door to the room opened. A female wearing a blue dress stood at the door entering the room with a confused look on her face. 
She spoke staring at Night Eyes “Eric?” 
Night Eyes growled charging at the female who flattened herself against the wall next to the door. Kurpanov at the moment opened his eyes and made a growling sound. He stood up with arms folded as Night Eyes appeared through the gate with a light flash. 
He spoke “Play time is over, go to the table and rest.” 
Kurpanov followed Night Eyes to the table and watched as Night Eyes sat on the table closing his eyes with feet dangling over the edge. He heard the gates humming loudly in some annoyed tone which told him to look. He obeyed to kneel and found a scene of Night Eyes caught by a female wearing blue calling him Eric and not killing her like he expected. He gave up a roar in response and stomped to the rocky clearing finding himself grunting in pain once he went inside. He stepped out to find Yugadin and Nemovsky putting hands onto his arms and pulling him away. Kurpanov gave up a growl in response but allowed Yugadin and Nemovsky to pull him to the Surrai sleeping spot where he went to sleep.

In the morning of the sun Kurpanov growled seeing Night Eyes sitting on a stone table in a clearing full of rocks asleep under the sun shining low in the sky. Kurpanov walked to the edge of the clearing roaring loudly and waiting for Night Eyes to acknowledge him. 
Night Eyes opened his eyes showing all night sky colored eyes to stare at Kurpanov who spoke “You left a witness, Night Eyes. Go and bust that witness now.” 
Kurpanov lowered his arms as Night Eyes got up from the table and left the clearing with the Surrai following him. Kurpanov followed Night Eyes walking passed rows of trees and bushes till they reached a clearing where metal gated arches sat and entered one. Kurpanov kneeled and bowed his head tracking Night Eyes progress. He saw Night Eyes enter a room with a bed from a doorway and watched as he stood behind a door waiting. Night Eyes waited as a female form entered the room which he slammed the door. Night Eyes growled advancing towards the female as she stared at him with shock on her face. Kurpanov snarled some sound as Night Eyes grabbed the female by the head and hesitated staring at her with a confused look with his hands on her head. Night Eyes let go of her and walked towards an open doorway disappearing in a flash of light. 
Kurpanov stood up with a glare as Night Eyes arrived in the metal gated arched clearing to face the Surrai standing there. 
Kurpanov angrily spoke “You didn’t bust the witness, Night Eyes.” 
Night Eyes spoke “The witness is my mate.”
Kurpanov growled some sound stomping towards Night Eyes ignoring the remark while speaking “If you won’t bust the witness, I will.” 
Kurpanov grumbled speaking walking towards the gate only to be blocked by Night Eyes “I ordered you to do something and you won’t do it, so I’ll have to do this.” 
Kurpanov walked around Night Eyes and felt a claw swipe on the chest which made him feel dizzy. Kurpanov groaned in pain feeling the cuts of the thick claw gashes in his chest bending forwards and went down falling towards the ground rolling his eyes as he heard as the Surrai around him growled their displeasure while falling unconscious.

Kurpanov Kossman later via recorder recalls that Night Eyes spoke “I don’t take orders from you or anyone.”
Nemovsky and Yugadin walked forwards grabbing an unconscious Kurpanov by the arms and raised him up. 
Night Eyes spoke to the Surrai “I’ll do the same to you if any of you dares to kill the witness who is my mate, so scatter. I’m taking control.”
The Surrai scattered walked away walking into the bushes of the forests. Nemovsky and Yugadin hauled Kurpanov while being followed by Night Eyes till they reached a clearing with three logs at the side joined in a circle. Night Eyes stood watching as Nemovsky swatted Kurpanov with one hand on the face that woozily opened his eyes shaking his head. The two Surrai lowered Kurpanov on the ground that went into the dirt which it closed up behind him. A white grass stalk peered out of the ground where Kurpanov went in. The stalk slowly sank into the earth as Nemovsky and Yugadin stood staring at Night Eyes. 
Night Eyes spoke “Let me know when he comes up all healed. I’m not done using him with my claws.” 
Nemovsky and Yugadin frowned with pained looks on their faces then Night Eyes walked away. 
Nemovsky spoke as he placed a foot on the hole where Kurpanov’s stalk went into the ground “Yugadin, tell the Surrai what Night Eyes said about clawing Kurpanov. Also tell Surrai discreetly to help keep Kurpanov inside the sleeping quarters.”
Yugadin frowned as he spoke “Nemovsky is that wise to keep Kurpanov inside?”
Nemovsky replied “I’m not letting Night Eyes claw Kurpanov any more than what he did. You know that Kurpanov has no defenses against Night Eyes who has always defeated him when it comes to footing his seat. The Surrai should be told that the sleeping quarters are for healing only. Due to the noises Kurpanov will make from inside we’ll have to sleep above on the ground.” 
Yugadin groaned hearing Nemovsky’s words spoke “I know that Kurpanov howls in his sleep whenever he’s in pain that no Surrai can sleep as a result of the noises.”
Nemovsky spoke “Yes I know of that too. Kurpanov will be roaring while being kept inside but it’s for his own safety, so go tell the Surrai this.” 
Yugadin groaned and walked off going into the forest. Yugadin reached the lake to see Trevor kneeling on a rock scooping water from his hand while drinking from it. 
Yugadin walked towards Trevor and kneeled next to him drinking from the lake with a hand while whispering from breaks of drinking “Trevor, spread the word, Night Eyes said that he wants to claw Kurpanov again once he’s healed. Kurpanov has no defenses against Night Eyes when it comes to footing his seat. Nemovsky needs Surrai help keeping Kurpanov inside for his safety. The sleeping quarters are for healing only for Kurpanov will be roaring from inside so Surrai will sleep above on the ground.” 
Trevor whispered “I heard your words, Yugadin and will do it.”
Trevor stood up and walked away as Yugadin finished drinking from his hand got up and walked into the forest. He reached Nemovsky sitting on the ground with his feet on the ground arms around his legs. 
Yugadin spoke “I saw Trevor and told him.”
Nemovsky spoke “I think it’ll take the next sun day for Kurpanov to be fully healed from the clawing by Night Eyes. Surrai should take turns keeping Kurpanov inside starting now.” 
Yugadin went to sit next to Nemovsky groaning out “There goes my sleep.”
Darkness arrived as Nemovsky lay and next to him was Yugadin sitting with feet on the ground and arms around his legs. Surrai lay scattered on the ground some asleep while others were whispering talking to each other. Their whispering stopped when Mal walked into the clearing followed by Night Eyes. 
Night Eyes spoke “Has he healed yet? I’m itching to use my claws again.”
Trevor replied from lying on the ground “Do you see his stalk any where on the ground? Seeing the stalk means he’s healed and will come up.” 
Night Eyes spoke “No I don’t see his stalk but I want to use my claws and I will once he comes up.” 
Night Eyes smiled some smirking look then walked away into the forest. Trevor frowned seeing Mal go into the earth ground. 
He waited as she came out gasping and loudly spoke to the Surrai “Kurpanov is screaming in pain.”
Trevor sat up to watch Nemovsky stood up and go into the ground. He and the Surrai waited watching the area where Nemovsky entered. 
Nemovsky came out of the ground shaking his head and spoke “Mal is right, Kurpanov is screaming. I don’t think Surrai can sleep through that noise he’s making.” 
He lay down on the ground next to Yugadin who gestured with a hand towards Yuri speaking “My shift is over, it’s your turn.” 
Trevor saw Yuri get up and walked towards Yugadin. Yuri placed his left foot next to Yugadin’s right foot and quickly slid it over the hole where Kurpanov’s stalk was from inside as Yugadin removed his foot. Yuri sat down with feet on the ground and grabbed his legs as Yugadin lay down on the ground next to him. 
Trevor spoke loudly “Nemovsky, Yugadin how long do you think it’ll take Kurpanov to fully heal?”
Trevor heard Yugadin speak “Nemovsky and I observed Kurpanov seemed to heal faster than any Surrai. I think it’ll be sunrise when he’s fully healed but isn’t sure about that. So keeping a foot on his stalk hole now will keep him inside if he heals before sunrise.”
Trevor heard Surrai around him groan hearing Yugadin’s words and laid down on the ground with a groan. 

Kurpanov Kossman from further prodding admits to saying "Kurpanov from inside the ground screamed in pain with his eyes closed. He was in the ground floating in water like substance with small tiny rocks around him as he rolled in a circle trying to get the rocks away from him. The rocks floated around touching his painful chest where the gashes were bringing more pain which made him scream. Kurpanov reached a hand up towards the surface ground attempting to push his stalk up when he felt something blocking the way. Kurpanov jerked screaming while struggling to bring the stalk up. His efforts met failure as he lowered his hand and screamed a roaring cry from the pain." 

Kurpanov Kossman added talking about "When morning came..."
Morning came as Trevor sat foot on Kurpanov’s stalk hole with a frown on his face. He looked at Nemovsky who shook his head and opened his eyes from lying next to him on the ground. 
Trevor spoke “Kurpanov must be healed. I felt his stalk pushing against my foot before the sun rose.” 
Nemovsky groaned out “Poor Kurpanov, he has to stay in there for his safety.” 
Trevor heard Yugadin speak with eyes closed “It’s for keeping Night Eyes from footing Kurpanov’s seat some more.” 
Trevor stiffened as he spoke “I’m feeling Kurpanov’s stalk pushing against my foot now.” 
Yugadin sat up and moved his foot next to Trevor’s. 
He spoke “I know how to keep Kurpanov inside so remove your foot, Trevor.” 
Trevor obeyed as they saw Kurpanov’s stalk slowly rise from the ground. Trevor watched as Yugadin swatted the stalk with his hand which the stalk quickly went into the ground. 
Yugadin placed his foot on the hole where Kurpanov’s stalk was and spoke “Any time Kurpanov pushes against the foot let the stalk come up and hit it with your hand. He’ll bring it down, for it’ll work every time.” 
The Surrai around Yugadin and Nemovsky heard a roaring sound of a Surrai and were quickly on their feet. 
Trevor spoke loudly “A new Surrai has arrived.”
He roared the Surrai greeting sound which was followed by a roar coming from the new Surrai. Trevor took off running followed by Mal and Yolly as they went towards the roaring sound of the new Surrai. The three reached the clearing where metal gated arches sat and froze staring at the Surrai standing in front of a gate who stopped roaring when seeing them. Trevor and Yolly stared with shock seeing the Surrai was a male with night sky colored hair pulled back in Surrai styled tail with Kurpanov’s face stood. He and Yolly stood staring as Mal ran towards the Surrai with Kurpanov’s face grabbing him in a hug. The Surrai hugged Mal back as Trevor and Yolly watched them. 
Trevor asked “Mal who’s he and why does he have Kurpanov’s face?”
Mal answered “He’s Kazak, my son with Kurpanov. Kurpanov thinking Kazak as a Ter put him through the gate as a baby. Kurpanov should know that not all the babies I bore him are Ters.”
Kazak spoke “Where the Gods is my father?”
Yolly opened his mouth to speak when they heard a new voice speak “Interesting a Surrai with Kurpanov’s face.” 
They looked at Night Eyes walking from behind a tree who continued speaking “Well, that’s interesting.” 
Trevor stiffened seeing Night Eyes laughed some sound before walking pass Kazak disappearing into the gate which flashed behind him. 
Kazak asked “Who the Gods, is he?”
Trevor replied “He’s Night Eyes the assumed leader of us among the Ters who scratched your father with his claws. Night Eyes has expressed interests in clawing Kurpanov some more. So your father is being kept inside the sleeping quarters against his will.”
Trevor groaned as Kazak narrowed his eyes at him and added “It wasn’t me but the idea belonged to leader Kurpanov’s escorts.”
Kazak exclaimed “My father is the leader and has escorts!”
Mal spoke “Yes, your father is the leader of the Surrai and he has two Surrai escorts Nemovsky and Yugadin who go where he goes.”
Trevor saw Mal put a hand on Kazak’s arm pulling him with her as she added speaking “I’ll take you to the sleeping quarters where we sleep above ground due to the noise Kurpanov is making from inside.” 
Trevor with Yolly shaking his head followed Mal and Kazak through the forest till they reached the clearing where Nemovsky and Yugadin sat on the ground with their arms around their legs. 
Mal spoke as Kurpanov’s escorts seeing Kazak gasped with their mouths open “This is Kazak, my son, with Kurpanov.” 
She turned to face Kazak and continued speaking “Those two sitting are Yugadin and Nemovsky who are keeping Kurpanov inside.”
Nemovsky lifted his foot as a stalk came out slowly which he hit with his hand and the stalk went back inside the ground in a fast motion. Nemovsky put his foot back over the stalk hole. 
Kazak spoke “I see your keeping him from coming out with your feet and hands.”
Yugadin spoke “This is necessary to keep Kurpanov from being further harmed by Night Eyes. Kurpanov has no defenses against Night Eyes who can easily foot his seat.”
Kazak spoke “I need to hear my father’s voice so I’m going in.” 
Trevor stood with arms folded watching Kazak enter the ground. He waited as Kazak came up from the dirt shaking his head while grabbing his ears.
Kazak groaned out “What the Gods? He’s roaring in there. I don’t think I can sleep with that noise.” 
Mal spoke “That’s why we’re sleeping above ground.”
Trevor spoke “I think we need No Face to bust Night Eyes for Kurpanov to be free.” 
The Surrai all together groaned some sounds while remaining sleeping above the ground. 

Kurpanov Kossman via talk admitted this encounter.
Kazak stood with foot over his father’s stalk hole in the shining sun he disgusted to be roped into doing the job. Night Eyes dropped down from a tree to land in front of him he gulped seeing. 
Kazak folded his arms seeing him as Night Eyes walked to him and spoke “If Kurpanov isn’t out by the end of the day, I will start clawing Surrai starting with you. I’m itching to use them.” 
Kazak opened his mouth to speak when Night Eyes threw himself in an acrobatic move as a figure landed in his place. Kazak stared at the figure that was dressed like Night Eyes but had longer hair and the face was night sky colored with no facial features and there were golden sun orbs where the eyes were. The figure roared a sound and Night Eyes took off going into the forest followed by the figure. Kazak brought hands to his mouth and roared a sound howling. He didn’t have to wait long as Surrai came running from all parts of the forest. 
Kazak saw Nemovsky and Yugadin come running into the clearing with questioning looks on their faces and spoke “I saw a Ter like Night Eyes but longer hair and a strange night sky colored face with golden suns where the eyes were challenge Night Eyes.”
Nemovsky spoke “Kazak, you saw No Face who challenged Night Eyes.” 
The Surrai heard a squealing sound as Trevor spoke “The gate! I’ll go and see whether No Face busts Night Eyes.” 
Yolly spoke “I’ll go along with you.” 
Liam echoed the same words. 
The three Surrai took off running into the forest as Kazak spoke “When do we free father?”
Yugadin spoke “We’ll do it once we determine No Face busts Night Eyes’ seat.” 

Surrai stood gathered around the gate with frowns on their faces waiting. They looked to see Trevor with Liam and Yolly walked in their line of sight from the gate followed by No Face who stood looking around. Trevor ran through the forest to see Nemovsky and Yugadin standing in the Surrai sleeping quarters. 
Trevor spoke “No Face busted Night Eyes, let Kurpanov out now.” 
Yugadin removed his foot as a white stalk came out of the ground followed by a roaring Kurpanov who angrily looked around with a sneer on his face. 
Nemovsky spoke “No Face busted Night Eyes’ seat-“
Kurpanov turned his angry eyes on Nemovsky who cut himself off. 
Kurpanov stalked towards Nemovsky and grabbed him on the throat with a clawed hand while roaring out “It was your idea to keep me inside!”
Kurpanov snarled hearing Yugadin spoke “Night Eyes expressed interests in footing your seat some more which you have no defenses against him.”
Kurpanov Kossman on prodding doesn't remember more of Kurpanov the Surrai's reaction. Only remembers this. The gate flashed as the three came walking through with Hades following. 
One of them, with black colored hair in a ponytail, which stood waiting and pointed a finger at Hades speaking “We are called Surrai for you will accept the name of No Face, get it?” 
Then the Surrai scattered into the forests. Hades walked around feeling pains of hunger. He walked till he came to a large lake with a rocky outcropping that had a waterfall off the cliff walls. The lake had a waterfall leading down a river towards the ocean water down a cliff wall. Hades saw the Surrai drinking water from their hands which they would scoop into the water and then raise to their lips. Hades sat kneeling on the rocky outcropping. He sensed a presence behind him and grabbed the figure throwing the Surrai into the water. The Surrai he saw was a female who struggled in the water to stay a float. He watched her then got up and dived into the water as she went under. Suddenly he was grabbed by unseen hands and pulled further under water. Hades struggled not to panic as the clawed hands held him underwater yanking him. He struggled to breathe air swallowing some of the water as he fell unconscious. He woke up lying on the ground, hearing the Surrai arguing among them. Their conversations were over lapping. 
Hades heard one yell at him loudly “Wake up No Face, Open the Gate!” 
Hades while feeling hunger pains spoke “I don’t have the strength to do this.”
The Surrai snarled “You’re lying.” 
Hades looked at the others to hear the Surrai added “He drank enough water for this.”
Hades felt one of them grabbing him by the neck lifting up from the ground, while shouting “Open the Gate, No Face!” 
Hades respond was to cough up the water that came spilling out of his mouth area. 
He heard a different voice speak “He’s coughing up the water.” 
Hades felt the Surrai let go of him and faced the speaker while speaking “Shut your trap, Kazak.” 
Hades stood and then he rushed to place a hand on Surrai’s chest and bit swelling neck drinking the blood from within drinking his fill. 
He could hear the exclamations from the Surrai yelling “An essence drinker!”
He felt some strength return and heard Kazak’s voice speak “Drink any more and I’ll bust your neck No Face.” 
Hades could feel hands on his head and licked the puncture marks on the Surrai’s neck closed. Then he stood back with hands up as he felt Kazak’s hands release his head. 
Hades stood facing the Surrai with bit marks on his neck who snarled out “Open the Gate.” 
Hades simply folded his arms as Kazak came walking in his eyes sight view who he stared with shocking awareness. Kazak seemed familiar and reminded him of something important but Hades frowned at the feeling. Kazak’s face he could see was similar to this Surrai except Kazak had night colored black hair which was pulled back in a tail. 
Kazak spoke “The female, Mal is in trouble and requires your help. Open the Gate and we’ll help her.”
Hades growled and lowered his arms as a globe came from his chest and got bigger till the ball surrounded him. 
He could sense Kazak came into the globe and ordered “Fly up towards the river.” 
Growling Hades raised the globe with his hands and flew the globe up towards the river.
At the river he heard Kazak speak “Land on that tree in the middle of the river.” 
Hades could see a figure standing on top of the tallest branch on the tree in the river. He landed the globe on the tree and sensed a figure came jumping in. 
He looked to see the female called Mal with her chest covered by black material like top, in the globe speak “Take us to Kurpanov.” 
Hades obeyed and the globe reached a Surrai who stood with a scowl on his face in the middle of a clearing surrounded by Surrai. He was rubbing his neck where Hades bit him with puncture marks. Hades closed the globe and groaned as he felt the pain hitting him in the chest along with hunger pains. 
“I must feed” Hades said out loud towards the Surrai. 
The Surrai rubbing his neck growled out “Kazak, it’s your turn.”
Kazak stood as Hades put a hand on his chest and made his neck swell. Hades fed but heard the Surrai’s familiar voice speak “Don’t drink too much.” 
As an image came to Hades mind’s eye, he saw he was in a field and was walking towards a metal like structure with an opening and saw Kazak standing there facing him from inside.  Kazak’s face was in a snarl and he walked forward to disappear in a flash of lightening. 
Hades felt hands on his head and heard a Surrai voice speak “Stop drinking now or I’ll bust your neck.” 
He obeyed licking the puncture holes from his teeth closed and then let go of Kazak. Hades turned to face a Surrai with sun colored hair pulled back who spoke “The name’s Yugadin one of the commanders, to Leader Kurpanov and don’t you forget it.” 
Hades stared at Yugadin who continued “Kurpanov the Surrai you first drank from is the leader of the Surrai and not Night Eyes or you, No Face.”
Hades, at the Night Eyes remark groaned out “Claws.” 
He heard the Surrai which he identified as Kurpanov at his left speak “Get your seat over here and introduce yourself.” 
Hades looked towards his right to see another Surrai with sun colored hair also pulled back came walking towards him while speaking “The name’s Nemovsky, another one of the commanders to Leader Kurpanov.” 
Kurpanov walked in Hades’ line of sight snarling out “You’re the bait as assumed Leader with the Ters, while I’m the leader of the Surrai.”  
Hades asked “Who’s the Ters?”
Kurpanov responded “The Ters are the natives who saw you bust Night Eyes’ seat.”
Kurpanov added “Trevor and Yolly will take him to the table for No Face to get some rest.” 
Hades sensed two Surrai standing at his side grabbed his arms and pulled him through the forests of trees out of the clearing where the other Surrai were standing watching them leave. With a growl Hades shook the hands off his arms and gestured with a hand in front of him, for the two Surrai, one with night colored hair and the other with sun colored hair to lead. 
One of them with the night colored hair spoke “I’m called Trevor and this is Yolly.” 
Hades paused as he heard two howling like roars coming from behind him. 
He sensed Yolly’s clawed hand on his shoulder as he looked behind him to see the trees and Yolly speaking “Don’t worry about that. It’s just Kurpanov and Mal.”
Hades sighed and followed the two Surrai walking among a maze of trees. The two Surrai reached a thick bush surrounded by two thick trees and pulled the branches apart. Hades groaned seeing what Kurpanov meant by table. The bush removal revealed a large square clearing with the ground filled with white rocks of many sizes and in the middle was a large horizontal rectangle slab sitting on top of two standing vertical slabs. The clearing was surrounded by a jungle mess of trees and bushes. Sighing Hades walked forward with a frown stepping onto the rocks. 
He heard Trevor say “The table is your sanctuary, for only you and Kurpanov can enter.” 
Hades turned to see the bushes revert back to their positions as Yolly and Trevor left him. Hades sat on the table slab with his legs cross folded around him with his head down asleep. He felt a hand on each of his two legs and opened his eyes wearily to face Kurpanov’s angry face. The shining green moon was up in the sky and the sun was already down the horizon. 
Hades wearily asked “Something I can do for you, Kurpanov?”
Kurpanov’s response was to clamp a hand on Hades’ face below the golden orbs of the eyes and said “Don’t ever say my name, get it? Now kneel. You’re broadcasting your position.”
Hades adjusted his legs, till he was in a kneeling position and was about to sleep when Kurpanov held his head up and spoke “Don’t even think about escaping from here. I’ll find you, No Face.” 
Kurpanov let go of Hades’ head and then walked away stomping on the rocks. Hades wearily put his head down and fell asleep. Hades groaned as the sun shined her rays through the forest canopy. 
Shaking his head he spoke out loud “What a strange dream.” 
Then he got up and walked out of the rocky clearing through the bushes in front of him. He sighed and walked in a maze of trees and reached a large clearing that was bare of grassy stalks. He wandered around the clearing then walked towards another maze of trees. He heard splashing sounds and followed the noise towards a large pond like lake from behind a tree where he saw the Surrai there. Some of the Surrai were already swimming in the lake and he saw the female, Mal in the water swimming among the males. Growling to himself he walked around the tree in their line of sight, just as one of the Surrai who was drinking from his hand stood up. Hades recognized Kurpanov and waited as Kurpanov came stomping towards him with a sneer on his face. 
Hades folded his arms as Kurpanov came up to him speaking “What the Gods is your problem, No Face? You came running into our clearing, waking us up and screamed at us as we came out of sleeping quarters.” 
Hades put his arms down while feeling hunger pains as he spoke “Must feed now.” 
Kurpanov snarled out “No feeding for you, No Face-” 
Hades growled interrupting “Must feed now!”
He charged at Kurpanov using super speed grabbing him and jumped up towards a tree onto a large branch over the lake. 
Hades in the tree, abruptly felt hands on his head and Surrai male voice speaking “Go ahead, feed, and don’t deter me from busting your neck.” 
With a growl of regret, Hades lifted Kurpanov as the voice roaring said again “Put him down now!”
Hades obeyed by letting Kurpanov fell into the water off the tree with a yowl. Hades felt hands twist his neck and he fell unconscious. Then there was a roaring sound as the scene faded to black. Hades groaned trying to sleep as he heard a roaring sound and ignored the sound. He felt pain as someone was kicking him in the stomach. Groaning Hades forced himself from the depths of unconscious to wake up. He felt clawed hands holding him by the arms in a standing position and he forced his head up to awake. Hades looked to see Nemovsky and Yugadin were holding him while a wet Kurpanov was pacing and roaring away waving his arms in anger. He could see the other Surrai were standing around glaring at himself. Some of the Surrai were wet like Kurpanov. They were in a clearing among trees.
Hades groaningly asked “What the Gods is going on?”
Kurpanov’s respond was to punch Hades in the face with a clawed fist. Hades shook his head of the blow and felt Nemovsky’s and Yugadin’s hold over him tighten. 
Then he felt Kurpanov grab his face who yelled “You fool! You nearly drowned me!”
Hades spoke “The Surrai who grabbed my head, told me to put you down and I did.” 
Kurpanov’s eyes narrowed as he sneered out “Is that so Trevor? Did you tell this fool to put me down?”
Kurpanov turned to look at Trevor who was standing among the others at Hades’ left with arms folded. Hades noticed Kurpanov point at Trevor while using the pointing finger to run across his throat and saw Trevor nod with arms folded. 
Trevor responded with his voice in a bored tone “I threatened No Face and he retaliated by dropping you.” 
Kurpanov looked at Hades with malice in his eyes and said “Put me down? I think not. No feeding for you today.”
Hades growled out “What can you do to stop me from doing the feed move?”
Kurpanov ordered “Next time any of you see No Face doing the feed move, bust his neck.”
Then Kurpanov gave Hades a hard kick in the stomach. Hades noticed Kazak staring at him with a frown.  
Nemovsky and Yugadin abruptly let go of Hades who stood staggering as Kurpanov spoke “No Face, go to the table now.” 
Hades stuck one of fingers at Kurpanov and turned his back attempting to walk out of the clearing. 
He heard Kurpanov roar “Fool! That’s the wrong way towards the table!” 
Hades’ response was to throw his hands up and he turned to face Kurpanov who spoke “Trevor, Yolly and Kazak escort this fool towards the table now.” 
He saw Yolly grab his arm and pulled him through the clearing towards the other end with Trevor and Kazak following. The four heard two howls from behind them as they entered a maze of trees. 
Hades groaned out “What the Gods is going on with him?”
He heard Kazak say from behind himself “Kurpanov has a nasty temper and isn’t wise to make him angry.”
Trevor spoke as the four traveled walking through the forests “No Face, Kurpanov’s word is law and like Kazak said isn’t wise to make him angry.” 
Hades asked “Why don’t you challenge him, Trevor?”
Trevor growled out snarling “I wouldn’t dare.”
Hades heard Yolly speak “Kurpanov’s anger is very powerful and he’ll use it as a way to beat his enemies.” 
Hades responded wearily in a voice not of his own “Anger can make one blind to things.”
He noticed Trevor with the others stare at himself as they stopped walking. Even Yolly plopped his hand down from touching Hades. 
Hades added in that strange voice “Is your Leader aware of what he is doing when he’s angry?”
Trevor waved a hand in front of Hades’ face that pulled the hand away and looked at him while speaking “You don’t know how anger can be one’s weakness.”
Hades groaned shaking his head while placing a hand on his face. 
He noticed Trevor, Yolly and Kazak staring at him asked “What?”
He felt Trevor touch his face with a clawed hand and ordered “Trevor, get your paws off my face now.” 
Trevor spoke “Feels like second skin to me.”
Hades grumbled out “Where’s the table? I need my rest till what’s his name agrees for me to feed again.” 
Yolly opened his mouth when they heard a loud roaring sound and Kazak groaned out “It’s Kurpanov and he’s still mad.”
Hades asked “Are you three going to lead me to the table or not?”
Trevor answered “I think we better get you out of harm’s way. Kurpanov sounds like he’s really upset.” 
The three silently led Hades towards a set of bushes which he entered and faced the rocky ground of the clearing where the table slab sat. Exhaling air Hades went to the table and kneeled falling asleep. 
Hades felt two hands touch his legs and wearily opened his eyes which were golden orbs to face an angry Kurpanov who snarled out “Just who do you think you are?”
The moon was shining as was night time and Hades could sense the other Surrai were around outside the rocky clearing watching him through the bushes surrounding the area. 
Kurpanov spoke again “You said some thing that got Trevor challenging me with the help of Yolly and Kazak. Their little rebellion was put down easily.” 
Hades felt some anger came pouring inside like a dam broke and he surprised himself by placing a hand quickly on Kurpanov’s chest while speaking “Feeding time.”
He barely heard the other Surrai outside the perimeter yelling out of their protests as he bit Kurpanov’s neck and drank.
After drinking his fill, he could sense his strength returning and licked the puncture marks closed and cracked Kurpanov’s head backwards. He stood on the table and flew up into the air flying away. He could hear the Surrai yelling words unheard at his flying form. He flew towards a cliff wall jutting out of the forests of a hill and sat with his back towards the wall and feet folded below him. Hades frowned watching the forests of trees and closed his eyes letting sleep come to him. In a dream he saw Trevor, Yolly and Kazak standing together tied to a tree with ropey branches. 
Trevor was speaking “No Face is right, Kurpanov can’t see beyond his anger.” 
Yolly spoke “I agree but poor No Face, Kurpanov’s power is greater than he knows.” 
Kazak groaned out “What the Gods? No Face sucked Kurpanov’s essence should have escaped when he had the chance.” 
Hades woke up with a start to feel the sun shining. He was feeling an invisible rope grab him and sensed the cliff wall shaking as he flew off the wall towards the trees. He landed on a tree and clung to the tree as he heard a familiar roar. He felt the tree clutch him with the branches while bending down and lowered Hades towards the ground down below.
Hades stood clutched by the tree to face an angry Kurpanov who howled seeing him and stiffened as the Surrai Leader grabbed his chin with a clawed hand while roaring out “You would disobey me by feeding on my essence!”
Hades felt something like a leaf on his mouth and kept his silence. He watched as he saw the other Surrai standing around with glares on his face. He could see the female, Mal looked a little fearful, with the look on her face and she was busy adjusting her pant waist with her hands. Hades stiffened as Kurpanov let go of his face and was stomping while waving his arms in anger. Hades opened his mouth to talk when he felt the leaf on his face pressed harder to silence him as he felt a branch wrap around his neck. Hades wisely closed his mouth and waited watching Kurpanov pace back and forth while waving his arms. 
He felt the branch around his neck loosen and heard whispering in his ear which he translated to himself “Shut your mouth, your talking will make the situation worse.” 
Hades looked around with his eyes and sensed the whispering said again “He is too blind with anger to see me.” 
Groaning Hades sensed the tree released him and went back in a standing position. 
Kurpanov snarled out “Well, well, here’s No Face!”
Hades stood with his hands to the sides facing Kurpanov who snarled some growl facing him. Hades willed himself to be calm as Kurpanov charged at him with a full body attack. Hades deflected the charge by standing aside with his hands up the moment Kurpanov reached him. 
He stood watching as Kurpanov ordered “Hold No Face now!”
Hades sensed Yugadin and Nemovsky at his sides holding him loosely. He brought his left foot up as Kurpanov charged with his body at him. Kurpanov’s chest connected with the foot and he fell backwards. He sensed Nemovsky and Yugadin let go of him and went to Kurpanov lying on the ground. Hades stood keeping himself calm as Kurpanov shook his head and got up from the ground. 
Kurpanov asked still sounding angry “You would challenge me?”
Hades opened his mouth to reply and felt a hand cover his mouth with whispering voice speaking “Walk away towards the table. The two in command will keep him busy.”
Hades heard Kurpanov repeat his question still angry and obeyed the whispering voice by walking away. 
He heard Kurpanov yell from behind him “Don’t walk away from me No Face!”
Hades ignored Kurpanov and walked towards maze of trees following some sensed path. He heard several roars from behind him but kept on walking. His feet led him towards a tree where Kazak, Yolly and Trevor stood with branches wrapped around them. 
He heard Trevor say “Look its No Face.” 
Hades stood watching them while walking and growling towards the tree. 
He heard the whispering voice say “Kazak is the one who tried to make her disappear.” 
Hades scratched his head and stared at the three still tied to the tree. 
Trevor spoke “No Face, I wouldn’t try freeing us if I were you.” 
Hades walked till he was facing Kazak and brought his fist into Kazak’s face. 
Kazak groaned out “Gods, he remembers what I did.” 
Yolly ask him “What did you do to No Face?”
Kazak admitted “Busted a female belonging to No Face.” 
Hades hesitated hearing Kazak’s comment but the whispering voice spoke “Think of her and what he did”. 
He frown thinking of the word “Georgina.”
Trevor spoke “I just realized that No Face is controlled by the Ters.” 
Hades not hearing Trevor’s comment brought another fist into Kazak’s face who groaned out “The Ters have got to be them. The Hadean, Kurpanov warned us about.”

Kurpanov Kossman on admittance claimed the Hadean was the hidden Humanoid species the Zeskaya. His words have yet to be proven. The Zeskaya on asking has admits to traveling to Terrania only in a trapped status freed from a water ship that gives their name for that freedom. Also admits to creating a Zeskaya named Kossman from a piece of a dead Human with that name into some clone tube. The Zeskaya claims to not have seen Kossman since despite he under service of one Eric Zesky ruler of the planetary world of Terrania.

Kurpanov Kossman's story continues. Hades’ response to that was to pummel Kazak’s face with his fists. 
He heard the whispering voice speak again “Enough leave them and when Kazak is free, do what you will.” 
Hades stood and walked away towards the direction of where the whispering voice said “The table is that way.”
He barely felt a hand on his arm and was led away from the three Surrai tied to the tree. 
Reaching the table area he heard the whispering voice say “Go and leave the island now!"
Hades obeyed forming a golden globe around himself and sailed into the air.

Kurpanov Kossman doesn't remember what happened but only remembers Trevor and other Surrai freed by Hadeans. Trevor stood on the ground pacing while growling he freed from the tree by the Hadeans as they called them using their swords to cut them free. He kneeled and closed his eyes sensing a presence in his mind along with an image of a large body of moving water. The image changed to show a night sky colored flower plant coming out of the water and spreading its petals. 
The presence spoke in a female tone of voice “Trevor, I am Merra, who is speaking to you in your mind."

Kurpanov Kossman admits that Merra and Shadan's Merra are the same Meritanian communicating with Terrania's Trevor the Surrai before her return to Shadan.
Merra was heard saying "Kurpanov being angry is blind to the damage he is doing to the land with his connection is making the Surrai sick. You must challenge Kurpanov alone in a fight and use his anger as a way of defeating him. For you must be the Surrai who will help Kurpanov release his anger and be in a calmer mood to heal the land and the Surrai.” 
Trevor spoke “By the Gods, if I challenge Kurpanov, I’ll be challenging Nemovsky and Yugadin.” 
He heard Merra speak “Nemovsky and Yugadin are aware of Kurpanov’s anger and the damage he is doing will not fight. They can’t challenge Kurpanov due to their connection with him. You, Trevor are strong and wise to the ways of anger can challenge Kurpanov.”
Trevor opened his eyes sensing Merra leave his mind. He kneeled on the ground waiting when an angry Kurpanov stomped in the forest with his two in command next to him he seeing via his mind. The three came to a tree to see Mal standing in front of it. 
She hissed seeing Kurpanov who ordered in an angry tone “The female will show where the baby is now.” 
Mal hissed some more and shook her head. Kurpanov snarled some sound as a tree root rose from the ground and grabbed Mal wrapping around her neck. 
Then the tree roots surrounding the tree opened up and Kurpanov spoke “Just like I though, the baby is a Ter.” 
He bent down and picked up the baby from its hiding place among the tree roots as Mal struggled hissing against the root holding her. Kurpanov took the baby and walked away. The trio reached metal gated arches sitting in a circle in the middle of a clearing. A gated arch flashed as Kurpanov put the baby through. 
Kurpanov spoke “It’s done. The Ters will raise the baby.” 
The three walked in the forests till they reached a clearing with grass stalks sticking out and in the middle of the clearing was a kneeling Trevor.
Kurpanov growled out “Trevor, what is going on with you freed from the tree?"
Trevor instead of answering kept his mouth shut as he saw Kurpanov. He kneeled with a frown as Kurpanov walked towards him with anger in his steps. Trevor stood and roared the challenge roar towards Kurpanov. Bodies of other Surrai came out of the ground surrounding the four Surrai.
Kurpanov snarled “You challenged me, Trevor.” 
Trevor responded snarling out “Just you alone, Kurpanov, unless your too scared.” 
Kurpanov’s response was to roar out “Hah!”
The other Surrai stood around the two as they attacked each other with clawed hands swiping. During the fighting No Face walked out of the forest growling anger with arms stiff at the sides. No one but Trevor noticed him grab Kazak with a hand on his chest and yank him out of the clearing. Kurpanov charged at Trevor who grabbed him and flipped the Surrai Leader towards the ground who landed on his back snarling in anger. 
“Do you yield Kurpanov?” Trevor calmly asked him.
Kurpanov got up in anger as at that moment the Surrai heard a sound of a howling roar of a Surrai in distress of pain.
Trevor saw Kurpanov’s eyes widen as he yelled “No! No Face has Kazak at the table!”
Then he jogged off with the Surrai following him. Reaching the table area Kurpanov ran in to find Kazak lying on the table while roaring in pain. 
“No Face!” Kurpanov howled “I’ll get you for this!”
He hauled Kazak off the table and out of the rocky clearing. 
Two Surrai were quick to grab Kazak from his arms as Kurpanov ordered “Put Kazak in the sleeping quarters for him to heal. I’ll deal with No Face.”
The two Surrai hauled Kazak away as Kurpanov went to kneel on the ground and closed his eyes. 
Trevor stood with arms folded watching Kurpanov’s face which featured a range of emotions then the Surrai Leader opened his eyes and snarled “No Face isn’t anywhere here.” 
Kurpanov got up but was blocked by a snarling Trevor who growled out “I foot your seat, Kurpanov and don’t forget it.” 
Kurpanov swung a hand in anger towards Trevor who grabbed the hand twisting it behind the Surrai Leader’s back who roared in pain. Trevor grabbed the Surrai Leader’s other arm and twisted it behind Kurpanov’s back forcing him in a kneeling position. 
Trevor repeated “I foot your seat, Kurpanov and don’t forget it.” 
He heard Kurpanov snarl some nonsense sound and leaned his head towards the Surrai’s ear speaking “You will cease your anger now by going to the gates and see if No Face slipped through them.” 
Kurpanov found himself let go and stood up. He gave Trevor a nasty glare and stomped off towards the clearing where the metal arched gates stood with the Surrai with them following him. Reaching the area, Kurpanov kneeled and closed his eyes. 
Trevor watched Kurpanov opened his eyes and spoke “It's possible. He left by the gate and went to this place called hospital to sleep contained for injuries Kazak gave him. Yolly! Get through the gate now!” 
Inside the hospital room where Hades was kept the lights to the bathroom flashed as a Surrai, Yolly came through the doorway. He stood watching Hades sleeping in the chair and saw a figure appear to be standing next to himself. The figure was dressed in black with a Hades mask which Yolly growled some sound as the figure held up a pair of hands that faded in and out. Yolly gave a snarl and left the room through the bathroom door. The gate flashed open as Yolly came through to face a snarling Kurpanov. 
Kurpanov demanded “Well?”
Yugadin and Nemovsky grabbed Yolly by the arms that automatically went to kneel. Trevor growled as Kurpanov placed his hands on Yolly’s head who groaned then Kurpanov punched him. 
Kurpanov spoke “People dressed like No Face, the Hadeans, interesting.” 
Kurpanov walked towards where Kazak’s stalk was fluttering in the wind. The Surrai watched as Kurpanov threw his hands into the earth and pulled out Kazak who groaned. Kurpanov placed his hands on Kazak’s head then abruptly snarled out “Hadeans made him drink blood from No Face’s arm.” 
Trevor grabbed Kazak as Kurpanov stood up and was carrying him out of the clearing towards the gate in a fast motion. 
Kurpanov ran and blocked his way speaking “Where do you think you’re going with him? Not to the gate for he’ll kill himself.” 
Trevor dropped Kazak while speaking “Your too dependant on Kazak.” 
Kurpanov spoke “He bares my face.”
Trevor snarled “Yeah right.” 
Kurpanov grabbed Kazak as Trevor roared out the Surrai challenge roar. 
Kurpanov dropped Kazak and snarled out “It’s three against one, Trevor.” 
Trevor noticed Nemovsky and Yugadin grabbed Kazak hauling him up to a standing position. 
Trevor spoke “The challenge is just you and me if you’re too scared.”
Kurpanov snarled “I accept your challenge.” 
The two attacked each other with fisted claws flying. 
Neither noticed during the fight Nemovsky and Yugadin hauled Kazak towards the clearing where the gates was and threw him in despite Kurpanov’s roar of “No!”
Trevor grabbed Kurpanov who screamed out “No, Kazak will kill himself through the gate!”
Trevor forced a screaming Kurpanov into a kneeling position while gripping his arms from behind him as Kurpanov forced his eyes shut to see fully in his mind of Kazak's trip in the gate while growling angrily. 
In the hospital room Hades woke up feeling healed from the poison and in pain. 
He heard a voice speak pleading tones “Master.” 
Looking to see the source Kurpanov saw a Surrai with his face he recognized as Kazak kneeling in front of Hades from his position in the wheel chair. 
Kazak spoke again “Master.” 
Hades held up his right manacled arm and spoke “Take.” 
He watched as Kazak took his manacled arm and took off the manacle with his hands. Then Kazak bit into Hades’ free manacled arm sucking the blood from within. Kurpanov groaned as he felt the blood flow from him towards Kazak. He saw as Kazak licked his arm and then pulled a piece of cloth from himself and tied the bite marks with the cloth on Hades’ arm. Kazak pulled the manacle back onto Hades’ arm and then stood up and gave a bow. Hades appeared to have fallen asleep. The gate flashed as Kazak came in with a glare on his face.
Kurpanov once free from Trevor came running towards him saying “Kazak, you’re alright.” 
Kazak fisted his hand and punched Kurpanov on the face who stared at him with shock. 
Then Kazak raised his foot and kicked Kurpanov in the stomach that bent down with a snarl speaking “You wouldn’t, Kazak.” 
Kazak spoke “I busted a female belonging to No Face.” 
At that moment a figure appeared to be standing in front of Kazak. 
Kurpanov seeing the figure a Hadean later identified by Kurpanov Kossman as a Zeskaya yelled “Traitor!”
The figure with the barrel shaped mask abruptly yanked off the mask the person was wearing. Kurpanov and the others eyes widen in shock to see the figure’s face was of a male with facial looks and black eyes twin to a Human and the figure had short black colored hair pulled back in a tail that was growling angrily. Kurpanov frowned but didn't say a word as he saw Kazak resume going into the gate. He shut his eyes and focused onto Kazak meeting a female and kneeling in front of her with head bowed. He kept on watching as Hades entered the room appearing to be for expelling wastes and hygiene to meet the female to hug her. 
He heard Hades speak "Jora, He's just apologizing for the wrong committed against you." 
Kurpanov gulped hearing the name of Jora he recognized was Hadean as he stood up opening his eyes and waited for Kazak's arrival.
Kazak went through the doorway to face Kurpanov and the other Surrai. 
Kurpanov snarled “It’s about time you arrived.” 
Kazak eyed the Hadean which Kurpanov noticed standing talking to the Humans spoke “No Face called his female Jora.” 
At the name of Jora, the Hadean swung his head and glared at Kazak, while vibrating anger and slammed on his mask on his head. Kurpanov growled some sound and stomped towards the Humans who were standing near. The Humans who were sitting stood up. One of the Humans held a child in her arms which the child cried some call. 
Kurpanov reaching the Humans spoke to them “What’s with our visitor, mean to this Jora?”
The Hadean abruptly folded his arms and faded in and out while still vibrating of anger. Kurpanov watched as one of the Humans spoke to the Hadean in a foreign language. 
The Hadean responded angrily in the foreign language which was translated by one of the Humans speaking “The female you refer as Jora is very important to the planetary world we Hadean guard her with our lives including mate of this male dubbing himself Nikolas.” 
He gave up a loud roar of anger and without a word growled finding a tree limbs snapping around Kazak restraining the Surrai via the arms. 
He glared at Kazak who formed pleading and got from the Surrai "I tried to bust a female not knowing that she was this Nikolas' mate in question-"
"Not mate!" as Kazak was interrupted by a Human speaking who added "Jora is protector of Terrania who we Hadeans, protect. She's not destined to be his mate anyway. She's supposedly keeping the protector of Terrania in line actually."
Kurpanov gave up a growl of anger in response as he glared at Kazak who kneeled while shivering in fear. He reached out a hand and punched Kazak fully in the stomach who groaned.
Kurpanov paced among the Surrai watching him with anger in his face heard Trevor spoke “Kurpanov you’re angry.” 
Kurpanov snarled gripping his hands roared out “I’m not angry, I’m fine!”
He heard Trevor speak “Yes you are your roaring is anger.” 
Kurpanov growled and ran toward Trevor charging at him who stepped aside putting his foot over his. Kurpanov howled as he tripped falling face first onto the ground landing with a thud. He clawed the dirt and laid his forehead on the ground closing his eyes. All at once new awareness arrived throughout Kurpanov who panted breathing hard. Kurpanov shook his head, opened his eyes and sat up into a kneeling position closing his eyes. 
He opened his eyes while speaking in a calm tone “By the gods, Trevor.” 
Kurpanov felt hands on his shoulder from Nemovsky and Yugadin who both spoke “Kurpanov.” 
Kurpanov shrugged off their hands and got up walking into the forest followed by the Surrai. He reached the lake and stared at the cliff wall where a tree lay on top of it. Kurpanov swung his hand and the tree raise itself to a standing position as water came spilling over the cliff wall. He looked down at the lake seeing it was low and stood waiting as the cliff water filled up the lake raising it. Kurpanov could see out of the corners of his eyes, Surrai who kneeled reaching for the water drinking it with both hands in a fast motion. He felt anger and kneeled closing his eyes and relaxed his hands on his lap trying to mediate despite his angry mood. 
Kurpanov heard "Just go to the sleeping quarter and sleep if your tired Kurpanov."
He groaned softly and without a word went to the sleeping quarter to lie on top of the ground staring at the sky with Yugadin and Nemovsky sensed next to him. He grunted as he heard ahem noises from his two escorts to groan and with another groan went into the earth forcing himself to sleep despite fearful of being contained again. Kurpanov kept his stalk out of the earth only to feel something pushing against it making him annoyed. Kurpanov roared from underground and he burst up out of the ground as the Surrai did the same in the darkness of the night as the moon shined. The Surrai stood in a circle surrounding eight people who were standing in the middle. Kurpanov stared seeing the strangers’ faces. They had no ears and had one colored eyes with bulging one colored eyes in a circle on their foreheads later identified as the Shadan species dubbed Listener when their actual name was Annukai. The strangers stood in a circle with backs to each other facing the Surrai with objects in their hands pointed at them. Kurpanov noticed the female Mal adjusting her top with her hands and howled the mating call. Mal to his annoyance stared at him and put her hands on her waist as Trevor standing besides her growled loudly. Kurpanov noticed Mal look at Trevor who bowed his head gesturing with his eyes towards the ground. Mal he saw looked at the strangers and threw herself into the ground which closed up behind her leaving a grass stalk which slowly went into the dirt. Kurpanov growled eyes on Trevor who moved his foot putting it over the hole where Mal’s stalk went in. 
Kurpanov moved his eyes to face the strangers while speaking “Who and what are you?” 
A figure rose from inside the strangers’ circle peering at Kurpanov and spoke “We’re the Annukai aka Listeners and we don’t like questions or like Humans like you.”
Kurpanov spoke “We’re not human for we’re the Surrai.” 
The Annukai spoke “You expect me to believe that? The Humans must have evolved to become what we’re seeing.”
Kurpanov opened his mouth to speak when a large ball of water, windy air and lightening came from the sky hitting the Annukai with lightening bolts that each fell towards the ground falling unconscious. The Surrai watched the ball land near the logs as a fire spurt to life surrounded by rocks in the middle of the logs. The ball revert showing three figures Kurpanov recognized as, the three Elementals as known on Shadan, also known on Terrania, as King Sea, Teorjer and Ellison Donovan, the Elementals stood with the Surrai staring at them. 
Kurpanov loudly spoke “Hello Elementals.” 
A loud voice was heard by the Surrai speaking “Hello Kurpanov.” 
Kurpanov heard the Surrai muttered their exclamations as the voice of the elementals spoke again “Strip the Annukai or Listeners as they wish to be called, of their weapons and clothes now.” 
Kurpanov spoke “You heard the Elementals, go do what they said.” 
Surrai walked forwards grabbing items off the fallen Annukai stripping them of their clothes in the process. Kurpanov went to Trevor who stood with foot over Mal’s stalk hole. He angrily growled at Trevor who placed a hand on his shoulder. Kurpanov jerked from the touch feeling Trevor’s hand on his shoulder in a tight grip. The Surrai leader glared at Trevor who looked at him with a calm look on his face. Kurpanov felt Nemovsky and Yugadin place a hand on his arms gripping them tightly. He looked at his escorts who looked at him with calm looks on their faces as he growled loudly. 
Kurpanov heard the voice of the Elementals speak "Why so angry Kurpanov?”
Kurpanov turned his head to stare at the Elementals with a frown. He turned his head towards Trevor and closed his eyes willing himself to calm. Kurpanov felt Trevor release his shoulder and opened his eyes to watch the Surrai remove his foot as Mal’s stalk came up from the ground followed by the female.
Kurpanov spoke in a calm tone as Mal stood facing him “The female will know when to go inside for her safety without me saying this order.” 
He found Mal giving him a head bob in response as he found the Annukai resumed a sleeping status and appeared to remain unconscious. Groaning he went back into the earth and yanked his stalk down while keeping watch on the Annukai via his mind. He kept on watching as Humans from their camp across a river via a bridge arrived and got the Annukai to be removed and took them to their camp. He sighed softly and forced himself to remain alert as the gates hummed new visitor sounds loudly but he remained into the ground watching. The stranger visitor seemed shocked having stalks coming out of the ground as new visitors arrived. 
“Surrai” Kurpanov heard from the stranger loudly thought as the male was remembering. He sensed the stranger got up to see Hades and the Annukai walking towards him. 
They both reached him as the stranger stood and heard the male asked “Do you recognize me by my voice?”
Hades and the Annukai looked at each other and Hades spoke “No, who you are anyway?”
The stranger replied “I was warned that someone would recognize my voice.” 
The Annukai asked “Who cares, you got a name?”
The stranger answered “One of the names Sanver.” 
Kurpanov felt like he had an enough of the talk recognizing the voice as a former Hades title holder who hurt Kazak.
Hades spoke “Sanver” as the ground around them began rumbling in vibrations. 
Hades added “I’ll stand still if I were you.” 
Kurpanov felt his motion still as he recalled Hades and his time stopping knife. Hades had flicked his knife out and he picked up the Annukai and carried him towards the logs surrounding the fire. Reaching the ring of logs, Hades sheathed his knife as the ground rumbled of someone moving. The stranger stood looking around the rumbling ground. 
The Annukai heard speaking “Does he know he’s standing on them?”
Kurpanov pushed his stalk out as Nemovsky and Yugadin did the same three large stalks of white came from the ground near his feet and before the stranger could take a step forward. Kurpanov as a body came from the ground throwing the stranger backwards several feet onto the ground. The stranger lay on his back to see the big three Surrai leaders, Kurpanov, Yugadin and Nemovsky appear from the earth roaring with muscular arms and muscular fronts. The earth around him shattered as Surrai came up roaring awake. Some grabbed the stranger as they pulled themselves from the earth. Kurpanov Kossman on recorder noticed that the Surrai still had one female which he recognized to be Mal with her long black waist length hair that pulled back also pulled her tank top a familiar gesture of her ready to fight. Next to her Kurpanov saw was Trevor with his long black hair in a tail and Yolly with short shoulder length sun colored hair that was partly pulled back. Kurpanov heard the stranger Nikolas he figured was his name, groaned to himself as he saw the big three turned around and he saw Kurpanov’s sneering Human like face glaring golden eyes at him. Kurpanov stalked towards Nikolas as the Surrai around him grabbed him and raised him up. Kurpanov to Nikolas’ surprise was around his height as were the other Surrai. 
Reaching Nikolas, Kurpanov proceeded to paw his face with his clawed hands and he spoke words through fanged teeth, “Well, what we have here?”
Nikolas formed a look of surprise indicating he was thinking “How can I understand their language?”
Kurpanov grabbed Nikolas by the throat and lifted him up with a clawed hand and added “Who’s this visitor?”
Then Nikolas was airborne as he was thrown in the air onto the ground and landed on his stomach. 
He saw a large white stalk came slowly up from the ground besides him. Nikolas' head grabbed and Kurpanov’s voice in his ear whispering “Think we won’t recognize you?”
Then Nikolas felt his head released as Kurpanov stuck his fist into the earth besides Nikolas' and pulled out a Surrai by the head. The Surrai had black hair and a face identical to Kurpanov’s but Kurpanov had sun colored hair which was recognized to be Kazak. Kazak’s golden eyes appeared to be dim as he was pulled from the ground by Kurpanov. 
Nikolas looked questioningly at Kurpanov who sneered out loudly “Take a look at your damage to my brother.” 
He heard the other Surrai mutter questions towards Kurpanov who spoke “Enough! This fool is him the one who did this to us!” 
Then Kurpanov released Kazak speaking “Go to sleep, brother dear.” 
Kazak went into the ground like it was water and the ground closed up behind him.  
Nikolas saw a white stalk rise from where Kazak was and it bent as if bowing. 
He looked at where it was pointing at and saw it was pointing at an apparent angry Trevor who was standing next to Nikolas, who roared out “Your not killing him is you?”
Kurpanov snarled out “Well, a sympathizer, and its Trevor. Does the female and Yolly agree with Trevor?”  
Kurpanov never called Mal by her name, and Nikolas had a weird feeling when he saw Trevor standing next to him. 
He spoke “Hello” word coming out in Hammarabbi.
At that moment Trevor and Kurpanov yelled together at Nikolas “Shut your trap!”
Nikolas looked at Mal who stopped adjusting her tank top and at Yolly who looked with a surprised expression on their Human like faces. 
They both looked at each other with a look of which was recognized as the Surrai way of saying “Yes. It’s not Kazak who’s the brother but Trevor.” 
Trevor who was saying to Kurpanov “You aren’t No Face and killing him won’t solve a thing.”
Kurpanov growled back “Says you, pathetic Trevor?”
Trevor sneered out “Says me, Kurpanov.” 
Kurpanov spoke “Does the female and Yolly agree?”
Trevor looked to see his companions Yolly and Mal looking at Kazak’s white stalk which was bowing in a pointing gesture towards himself. 
Kurpanov noticed the bowing white stalk grumbled out loud “This is ridiculous!”
Nikolas sat on the ground and folded his arms and formed a glare on his face and stared at Kurpanov. Kurpanov noticing Nikolas staring at him charged at him with a left clawed hand. 
Trevor at the moment got in Kurpanov’s way and blocked the hand by grabbing Kurpanov’s left hand with his right spoke “Give it up, you haven’t kicked my seat in a long time.” 
Trevor grabbed Kurpanov’s other hand and twisted Kurpanov till he was kneeling on the ground with both arms behind him held by Trevor himself. Nikolas pointed which the Surrai noticed it was at Trevor and then pointed at Kurpanov. 
Kurpanov growled out while struggling against Trevor’s hold “Impossible, that fool is implying you as a brother.” 
Nikolas heard Yolly speak “I heard you two together say to this fool to shut your trap at the same time.” 
Mal added “Kazak keeps pointing at Trevor.” 
She gestured a hand at Kazak’s stalk which was clearly pointing at Trevor who was still holding Kurpanov. He heard the Surrai mutter among selves and watched a range of emotions on Kurpanov’s face as Trevor let go of Kurpanov. Kurpanov got up with grabbing his own arms and rubbing them then the rubbed his head which Nikolas recognized as a confused gesture among the Surrai. He heard booming of thunderstorms thundering overhead to find the Surrai form fear expressions and darted into the ground. Kurpanov stood and went to Nikolas stripping the male of his clothes despite him snarling angry sounds. He ignored the thundering noises booming overhead and forced Nikolas to stand naked. Nikolas snarled some sound and turned around his naked back. Kurpanov forced walked Nikolas towards the group of Humans and Hades gathered around the campfire. 
Kurpanov heard Hades speak “Nikolas put your arms to the sides.” 
Nikolas obeyed and felt Hades put his long hair that covered his back parted forward on his shoulders. 
Nikolas spoke “I’ve been told that there’s writing on my back and no one has bothered to tell me the contents.” 
Teorjer signal to Hades and Kurpanov who both nodded their heads, as a loud voice spoke “That’s too bad.” 
Nikolas heard a whining like sound behind him and used his super speed to turn around towards the whining squealing sound and grabbed the figure.
Nikolas spoke with his hand on figure’s right arm with his right hand gagging the jackal head figure on the neck “You squealing idiot.” 
The figure with the jackal head spoke “Nikolas is easily fooled.”
Nikolas blinked his golden eyes to see the figure change to a gagging Kurpanov. Nikolas let go of Kurpanov with confusion in his face.
Nikolas asked “What the Gods going on?”
Kurpanov felt angry gave up a familiar sound of a roar from behind Nikolas and pounced onto the male hitting the ground as he yelled “Get that thing off of me!”
Kurpanov gave up another sound of a roar and punched Nikolas's back who appeared to be dizzy as he lay on his stomach as he lay on the ground. Nikolas lay on the ground groaning in pain before Kurpanov managed to reach a hand to his head and was attempting to snap it. 
He heard the Annukai say to Hades “Give Nikolas the mask.” 
Hades demanded “Why?”
The Annukai responded “Nikolas is dying.” 
Nikolas in response threw up and coughing out blood to his disgust. He released Nikolas and went to Hades snarling a growling sound. He felt anger as Hades he barely saw Hades remove his mask which revealed a pale white face of a Highlander. 
Nikolas moaned out whispering “I won’t remember when the mask is on.” 
The Highlander came forward to Nikolas he heard the Annukai speak “The Humans need you, Nikolas."
Kurpanov gave up a loud roar in response as Hades' suit fell off of him revealing a familiar Highlander he recognized was Shuen Jiang to his disgust. 
He gave up a sound of disgust only to hear blaring loudly "Why so angry Kurpanov?"
Kurpanov growled another roar and without a word stomp to his familiar sleeping spot and went underneath forcing himself to sleep despite angrily kept awake. He felt Nikolas change into Hades to his disgust followed by the Highlander sensed manipulating Nikolas' mind to remember. 
He came out of the ground roaring with the Surrai to glare at Shuen who ignored his staring to hear from Nikolas "I need to feed."
The Highlander shrugged as Nikolas walked by Nemovsky who spoke “Feed on me, Nikolas.” 
Nemovsky gestured with a clawed hand. Nikolas hesitated looking at Kurpanov who had his arms folded with a glare on his face. Standing next to him was Trevor who was frowning. Nikolas looked down at Kazak’s stalk and then at Kurpanov. 
He heard Trevor say “Who do you think put the finger in No Face’s mouth?” 
Nikolas looked at Trevor who was pointing with a hand towards a row of Humans standing besides the eater of man surrounded by logs. They stood watching Nikolas some with glares on their faces and arms folded. Nikolas looked at the Highlander who was standing among the Humans with a frown on his face. 
Groaning some sound, Nikolas spoke “Have it your way.” 
He hesitantly put a hand on Nemovsky’s chest and bit the Surrai’s neck sucking till he felt hands on his head then Nikolas licked the puncture marks closed and let go of Nemovsky.
Nikolas noticed King Winter sitting on a log looking pale with his eyes glazed red of hunger and he spoke “King Winter feeds the same way as I do.”
Kurpanov snarl some sound and Yugadin came forwards to King Winter who weakly stood up. King Winter placed a hand on Yugadin’s chest and saw the Surrai’s neck swell up as the Cold Lord leaned forward. King Winter bit Yugadin’s neck sucking the essence from within then the Cold Lord licked the puncture necks closed and his eyes stopped glazing of red of hunger. King Winter nods his head of thanks towards him. 
Kurpanov speak “Nikolas, go to the table now.” 
Two Surrai came forwards and took Nikolas’ arms and led him out of the clearing. The Surrai led him to a cluster of bushes and then they walked off. Sighing he opened the bushes to see the familiar rocky area with the same stone slabs there.
It was night time and the moon shined as Trevor stood in front of Kurpanov who snarled “Stand aside.” 
They were in front of the bushes that led to the table where Nikolas kneeled asleep. 
Trevor spoke as Kurpanov’s eyes narrowed “Use the trees to make them bring Nikolas out. You want him to feed on you again?”
Kurpanov’s response was to growl some sound and the two Surrai looked through the bushes to see two loose tree branches grabbed Nikolas on the arms that woke up growling. 
Trevor heard Kurpanov speak “Nikolas, get your seat over here.” 
Nikolas got up from the table as the tree branches let go of his arms and he walked out of the table area to face Kurpanov standing next to Trevor surrounded by the other Surrai. 
Trevor spoke “What did you do to Kazak? We want to know.” 
Nikolas replied “Kazak busted a female belonging to Nikolas.” 
Trevor who was looking at Kurpanov with his arms folded, who snarled out “Oh, does that female live?”
Nikolas spoke “Yes.”
Trevor spoke “He was controlled by the Ters, the Hadeans.” 
Kurpanov narrow his eyes at Trevor who added “The Hadeans, I saw them along with Kazak and Yolly.” 
Kurpanov turned to look at Yolly who spoke “I hate to say this, but Trevor’s right about the Hadeans, for I saw them too.” 
Kurpanov exclaimed “Impossible! I never saw them!”
Trevor spoke “Your anger makes you blind, Kurpanov.” 
Kurpanov roared some sound as Trevor calmly added “Anger can make one blind to things and you know that.” 
Kurpanov growled out “Nikolas, go back to sleep.” 
Nikolas obeyed walking in the table area and kneeled on the table falling asleep. He barely heard the Surrai growling and roaring from his position. 
Kurpanov Kossman admits that the Surrai appears to has gotten into a fight from the noises Hades hears while sleeping.
Day light shined rays on the forests. Nikolas walked through the forests towards the large eater. He sat on the log and frowned lost in thought among the Humans milling around. 
The Highlander went to sit next to him and he heard the Highlander speak “The name is Shuen Jiang.” 
Nikolas nodded his head hearing the Highlander’s words. 
Kurpanov arrived in the clearing and walked up to Nikolas that was sitting on a log next to the large eater and ordered “Open the Gate.” 
Nikolas groaned as the Highlander standing next to Kurpanov, Shuen Jyang spoke “Nikolas, please.” 
Grumbling Nikolas got up from the log and stood as a yellow globe came from him and surrounded himself. He saw Shuen came walking inside the globe with King Winter to stand next to him. 
Shuen again spoke “The Three elementals will lead the way towards the destination then once there they will leave us.”
Nikolas raised the yellow ball and went up following the three elementals’ ball.
Kurpanov didn't take it kindly to Nikolas leaving and freedom of without punishment to what he did to Kazak. Kurpanov gave up a loud roar in response once Nikolas was gone he disgusted to let the male go free with Shuen. He gave up another roar in response as Yugadin and Nemovsky was sensed grabbing his arms he waved. 
He ignored them and heard from Yugadin "You need to sleep, Kurpanov."
Kurpanov ignored Yugadin and Nemovsky pulling him to the sleeping quarters which he went inside. Kurpanov snarled hearing the gate squeal new visitor spun up from the ground to see a figure with scaly skin all over the body with four horns including a horn on the nose area reminding him of a dinosaur like manoid. Kurpanov snarled some sound hearing the new visitor speak his name along with the names of the other Surrai. 
Kurpanov spoke “Who is this visitor and how did he know our names?”
The visitor responded in the same language “Your Surrai like we used to be.” 
Kurpanov snarled out “Used to be Surrai?”
One of the Humans spoke “His hands are the same as yours.” 
The visitor held up his clawed hands which the Surrai stared with shock to see it was the same as the Surrai’s clawed hands. 
The visitor appearing to be Surrai spoke “We were Surrai before PX5 and his people arrived at our home and changed us. My form is what we Surrai appear now.” 
At the name of PX5, Trevor grumbled in anger, noticed by Kurpanov who spoke “Kneel and let me read your mind and see for myself.” 
The visitor kneeled and Kurpanov put his clawed hands on the drone’s head closing his eyes. The Surrai watched as emotions arrived on Kurpanov’s face. 
Then the Surrai Leader spoke “What this visitor says is true for I see it clear in his mind. There is also this male named Trian.” 
Trevor grumbled in anger roared some sound waving his arms stomping. 
Kurpanov spoke “Why so upset Trevor-”
He was interrupted by a loud voice speaking “There's a stranger here!"
The voice repeated the words which Kurpanov yelled “Elementals, the stranger was Surrai!”
The group watched as a large ball of the combination water, electricity and wind arrived from the ground into the clearing. The ball dissolved revealing the three elementals that stood in a row staring at the group. 
The voice of the elementals spoke in a loud voice “Come here Kurpanov!” 
Kurpanov obeyed walking towards the three and kneeled. The group watched as the three put their hands on Kurpanov’s head and stared at him. 
Trevor growled as the voice spoke again “Trian is your son, Trevor!”
The others wound up staring at him with a range of emotions on their faces. 
Trevor angrily spoke “I do have a son, Trian.” 
The voice of the elementals spoke “The visitor will take you to your son, Trevor!"
Kurpanov stood up and spoke “Visitor, take him to Trian.” 
The drone nodded his head as Trevor walked forward towards him with Kurpanov walking towards them. 
Once reaching the drone, Trevor stood as Kurpanov spoke “Keep self safe, brother dear.”
Trevor nodded his head and together the drone with Trevor went through the gate. 
Kurpanov wound up kneeling to track Trevor he speaking "It's hard to make out where he is. He appears to be underground from the gate area he entered and not seeing anything else involving him."
He heard "Kurpanov go to sleep now!"
Groaning Kurpanov got up and went to the sleeping quarters followed by the Surrai which Yugadin and Nemovsky stood firm on having him sleep underground to his disgust. He found himself not sleeping much underground instead kept his stalk out waiting and listening for the gate to sound. The gate sounded new visitor which he was abruptly out of the ground with Yugadin and Nemovsky both stretching their arms as he felt himself tired but shook it off. He went to the gate to find Trevor walking out he stiffened seeing small horns in place of the Surrai's nose and ears sticking out. 
He gulped but kept his mouth shut as Trevor gave him a glare of anger and got from his brother "Don't ask."
Kurpanov obeyed to keep his mouth shut as he followed Trevor going to the sleeping quarters and watched as his brother went into the ground. He heard ahem noises from Yugadin and Nemovsky obeyed to get into the ground but left his stalk out instead of deeply sleeping. 

Kurpanov Kossman doesn't know what else happens to this other than remembers Kurpanov stood in the gated arch clearing glaring at Trevor who was glaring at him back. The gate hummed some sound as the Surrai, Kurpanov and Trevor stood glaring at each other with others milling around them. 
Trevor spoke “You ought to learn how to swim, Kurpanov.” 
Kurpanov snarled out “I don’t need to learn.” 
Trevor opened his mouth when there was a loud humming sound heard by the Surrai. 
Kurpanov muttered loudly “What now?”
He stomped with Trevor and the other Surrai following towards the clearing through the bushes to where a series of round metal gated arches sat humming away. Kurpanov kneeled and closed his eyes. 
He opened his eyes and spoke with anger in his voice “Eric is blabbing about being called to us to his son.” 
Kurpanov stood up walking towards the gate. 
His way was blocked by Trevor walking in his line of sight who spoke “Remember what the mind walker said.”
Kurpanov made a growling sound as a tree bent down and he pulled the bark off the branches. 
He heard Trevor speak “Kurpanov.” 
Kurpanov responded “Trevor, just an idea on keeping Eric’s mouth shut.” 
He entered the gate which flashed as he walked through it. Kurpanov walked stepping out of the tub into the room with a glare on his face. He opened the door of the bathroom walking out to see Eric turn his head looking at him.
Eric spoke “What are you doing here?”
Kurpanov held up a pair of manacles from behind him with one clawed hand and pointed them to Eric while covering his mouth with his other clawed hand, shaking his head. 
Eric spoke “I speak what I want.” 
Kurpanov gestured to Ricky pointing with the manacles which Eric growled out “You leave Ricky out of this.” 
Kurpanov removed his hand from his mouth and put a finger over it while waving the manacles. 
Eric continued “Fine.” 
Kurpanov pointed the manacles to him then turned and entered the bathroom doorway disappearing in a flash of light. The gate flashed as Kurpanov walked through holding the manacles in his hand. The manacles abruptly crumbled as the Surrai watched him. 
Trevor spoke “Well, Kurpanov?”
Kurpanov opened his mouth to speak when there was a squealing sound coming from the gates heard by the Surrai. 
Trevor spoke “The mind walker warned us of this.”
Kurpanov Kossman admits the warnings was of Eric himself blabbing to someone inappropriate of being Claws despite the talk was to his own son. Kurpanov stomped his foot and folded his arms with a glare at the gate. He kneeled as the other Surrai watched him. 
Then Kurpanov got up speaking “I got an idea.” 
The gate flashed as Kurpanov went through it arriving into the living quarters. People in the room gasped seeing him as he went to the door to the room Eric was kept in and opened the door. He saw Eric stood up looking to see him arrive in the room growling. Eric changed his form to invisible as Kurpanov walked forwards and heard Eric’s son gasp. Kurpanov growled some sound as a ball of lightening formed behind him in the open doorway. The Surrai grabbed Eric who appeared from his hidden state and threw him into the doorway. Kurpanov walked through the doorway coming out of a gate to face Nemovsky and Yugadin. 
He spoke growling “You two come with me and help me capture Eric.”
The gate flashed as the three Surrai went through. The open entrance doorway to the room flashed as Kurpanov came walking through with a glare on his Human like face. He looked to see Eric’s form in his hidden state as two other Surrai, Nemovsky and Yugadin appeared from another open doorway into the room. The three Surrai charged at Eric in his hidden state grabbing his form which he appeared held in their grip. Kurpanov growled as Eric struggled growling while being carried by the Surrai through an open doorway with a ball of lightening flashing in it. Kurpanov kept an ironclad grip on Eric who jerked against their hold as the four arrived in the forest from the gate. The Surrai carried Eric pass trees and bushes till they reached a thick tall tree and pushed his back to it. Kurpanov made a growling sound as the tree’s roots came up from the earth to surround Eric pining him to the tree trunk. 
Kurpanov walked away with his escorts while hearing Eric yell from behind him “You’re not getting away with what you did to me!”
Kurpanov groaned some sound and walked further into the forest till he reached the lake. He kneeled drinking from the lake with his clawed hand from the beach as Nemovsky and Yugadin stood watching him. The Surrai Leader heard Eric yell out words and continued drinking from the lake with the other Surrai. Kurpanov stood up growling and blocked Kazak with a clawed hand.
Kazak growled out “Eric’s yelling is getting on my nerves, shut him up.” 
Kurpanov kept his cool and spoke “Let him yell, Kazak, he’ll remain a prisoner till I see fit to free him.” 
Kazak folded his arms with a glare and spoke “You trapped that Ter for what?”
Kurpanov replied “Eric was blabbing about being called to us as Night Eyes to his son something I warned him not to say. He must be punished as a warning for this.”
He got nothing in response from Kazak but the Surrai stomping away. Kurpanov groaned softly and kept on drinking his nourishment as the sun went away showing the moonlight. He sighed and kept on drinking as urged by Yugadin and Nemovsky that refused to budge letting him stop.

Kurpanov Kossman admits to fully recall Kazak's reaction to Eric's screaming hissy fit as the Meritanians of Shadan called it when they interrupted him speaking the story. Kazak stormed towards the tree where Eric was pinned yelling away as the moon shined. 
He heard him yell “Stinking mind walkers always deceiving with their manipulations!”
Kazak came walking out of the bushes to stand glaring at him as Eric howled some nonsense sound.
Kazak advanced towards Eric growling out “Your yelling is getting on my nerves. Shut up or I’ll foot your seat.” 
Kazak heard Eric growl in response and speak “Free me and let me return to my world and you won’t have to hear me yell.”
Kazak snarled out “I don’t have the power to free you like Kurpanov does.” 
Eric spoke “You should have the power for you’re his son.”
Kazak asked “How can I be his son when he says that I have his face like a brother?”
Eric replied “My son has the same face as mine but has his Mother’s eye color.”
Kazak stared at Eric with a glare and spoke “I’ll be back. I want to check this out for myself.” 
Kazak stormed away going into the bushes disappearing from sight. He stomped through the forests till he reached the clearing where the metal gated arches sat to face three Surrai, Kurpanov, Nemovsky and Yugadin standing there blocking his way. 
Kazak growled some sound as Kurpanov spoke “Where do you think your going Kazak? Go back to the sleeping quarters.” 
Kazak instead of answering snarled growling as he pointed to a tree and made a come gesture with his hand. The tree slowly bent down towards Kurpanov who caught one of the tree’s branches with one hand. 
Kazak failed to see Kurpanov’s eyes widen as he ran towards a gate only to be tackled from behind by the Surrai leader who spoke “Kazak, what did Eric say to you?”
Kazak growled struggling as Kurpanov held him in a kneeling position with his arm around the Surrai’s neck. The gate flashed as a Surrai, Trevor arrived walking from it.
Kurpanov spoke “Brother-” 
Kazak interrupted yelling out “I’m not your brother and stop making me as one!”
Kurpanov ordered “Hold him while I mind scan him.” 
Nemovsky and Yugadin were quick to obey grabbing Kazak by the arms holding him still in a kneeling position. Kazak struggled as Kurpanov put clawed hands on top of his head and jerked feeling a headache as the Surrai Leader scanned his mind. Kazak felt Kurpanov release his head as Nemovsky and Yugadin let go of him.
Kazak stood up to face Kurpanov who spoke “Don’t you dare leave, Kazak.” 
Kazak growled some sound as he heard a sound and looked to see his Mother the Surrai female Mal standing nearby hissing. 
He stomped towards a gate as Kurpanov spoke “I said don’t you dare leave, my son.” 
Kazak froze hearing the words and bowed his head as he felt a clawed hand on his shoulder and heard Kurpanov speak again “Don’t leave, my son, and that’s an order, Kazak.”
Kazak growled some sound and walked away from the gate with the Surrai following him. He walked through mazes of bushes and trees till he reached dirt clearing where grass stalks were peeking out of the ground scattered. Kazak went into the earth ground which closed up behind him. Kurpanov stood and stomped towards Mal who stopped her hissing. 
He grabbed her by the neck and spoke “You led me to believe that our son was a brother.” 
Mal gagged out “You were too blind full of anger to see this.” 
He got restrained by Yugadin and Nemovsky who got him to free Mal as she bent down coughing. He kept on growling angrily while struggling in the hands' grips of his two escorts only to spot Trevor with his horns more prominent and skin looking scaly walk out of the bushes giving him a glare of accusation with his facial expression and golden eyes. Kurpanov gulped but didn't protest as the two escorts got him inside for the night which he wound up roaring loudly while inside out of anger a roar that seemed relentless. Kurpanov came out of the ground with a roar among the Surrai who came out roaring. 
He stood watching Kazak come out of the ground and spoke “Surrai stay.”
The Surrai stood watching Kurpanov who added “That means you too Trevor.” 
He looked to see Trevor standing with his back to the group who turned around while looking angry. 
Kurpanov spoke “Ander and Trevor switch sleeping spots for Ander escorts the female with Yolly.” 
He paused to watch Trevor stomp towards Ander who walked by him towards Mal. 
Kurpanov spoke “No leaving for you Trevor and that’s an order.” 
Trevor halted to glare at him who added “You’re too sick to leave, Trevor.” 
Kurpanov frowned as Trevor roared and charged at him who grabbed the charging Surrai by grabbing his arms twisting them behind him and putting him in a kneeling position. 
He spoke as he adjusted his hold on Trever’s arms with one arm and laid a clawed hand on his head “Kazak, my son, come here.” 
Kurpanov heard muttering among the Surrai as Kazak came walking up to him.
Kurpanov spoke “Kazak, this is my brother Trevor.” 
He paused to add “Trevor, your female needs you but not when you’re sick. So no leaving till you’re at full strength. Liam, Ian, will escort Trevor and keep him from leaving without an order from me. That’s an order and I expect it obeyed.”
Kurpanov let go of Trevor and stood up as two Surrai, Liam and Ian walked forward to grab Trevor. 
Kurpanov spoke “Surrai, go except my son.” 
The Surrai turned around walking into the forest as Liam and Ian left pulling Trevor between them. 
Kurpanov spoke again “Kazak come along.” 
He led the way walking in the forest with Nemovsky and Yugadin besides him with Kazak taking up the rear. The Surrai reached the tree where Eric was kept prisoner.
Kurpanov spoke “Kazak, my son, lets see you free Eric.” 
He stood as Kazak walked forwards towards Eric whose head was bowed with eyes closed. Kurpanov watched as Kazak made pull motions with his hands several times. The tree roots surrounding Eric fell off as he raised his head and opened his eyes to stand facing the Surrai.
Kurpanov frowned and spoke “Well appears Kazak, my son has the power but it seems a little weak. A little work and maybe the power will get stronger.”
The Surrai Leader paused and continued “Eric, keep your mouth shut about being Night Eyes unless I order you to talk. Don’t talk to anyone except Surrai about being Night Eyes, for I’ll know about it.”
Kurpanov added while hearing Eric growled loudly “Let’s get you, Eric to the gate. Your son needs you. Lead the way Kazak.”
Kazak walked forwards leading the way with Eric following as Kurpanov and his escorts followed them through the forest till they reach a clearing where metal gated arches sat. He saw Kazak gestured with a hand towards the gate and Eric walked through it which flashed behind him. Kurpanov walked away ignoring Yugadin and Nemovsky felt tapping him on the shoulder. 
He grunted an annoyed sound and spoke "What now?"
He glared at his escorts that without a word walked away from him while gesturing him to follow. He obeyed walking around the gates' arches to find one opposite from the one Eric entered was a Surrai standing staring at the gate with a zoned out expression on his face. Kurpanov came up to the gate to see the Surrai he recognized as Yuri standing there staring at the arch. 
He spoke “Nemovsky, Yugadin, restrain Yuri now.” 
He stood as his escorts were quick to obey grabbing Yuri who struggled in their grip as he mind scanned the Surrai. 
He groaned once done mind scanning and without a word towards Yuri spoke to his escorts "Just hold him. He's got a female he needs to be paired with. I'll have to go and make sure the pairing happens."
Kurpanov gave Yuri a glare and walked through the gate. He came out of a doorway entering a hallway and went to the double doors slamming them open. He saw Eric and others spun around to face him standing in front of the doors. Kurpanov pointed a clawed finger at Eric with his other hand shaking his ear then pointed towards the doorway and gestured. 
Eric spoke “Brianna, they want to talk to me alone.” 
Kurpanov left the room and stood outside in the hallway with arms folded as Eric came out to stand in front of him with a narrowed eyed glare. 
Kurpanov spoke “You have one of the colors of the sunset hair female hidden here, so reveal her.” 
He heard Eric snarled some sound and speak “I refuse to do that.” 
Kurpanov snarled out “I haven’t forgotten you clawing me on the chest with your claws and neither have my people. They haven’t retaliated against you for I haven’t given the order.”
Eric growled loudly as Kurpanov paused and then continued speaking “My people will obey me without question. All I have to do is give them the order and they’ll do it. So reveal that hidden female.” 
Kurpanov walked away from him and went into one of the open bedroom doorways and came out of the gate to stand in the moonlight staring at Yuri struggling in the grips of Nemovsky and Yugadin. Shaking his head he stared at the gate listening. He heard the gate made a squeal sound and folded his arms walking through it. He came out of a doorway entrance to see standing in the hallway was Eric with a glare on his face and a female with long hair one of the colors of the sunset standing next to him with a wide eyed look on her face. 
He heard Eric growl loudly seeing him as the female spoke “The man looks like him but with a different face and has your color hair.” 
Kurpanov nodded his head, turned and walked through the doorway appearing out of the gate as the moon shined. He stood facing Yugadin and Nemovsky restraining an angry Yuri who struggled against their grips on his arms. 
Yuri roared out “You’re not keeping me from her!”
Kurpanov heard blaring in his mind "It's Merra. I'm telling you that Yuri and Lana must touch hands or they die for their destined as mates."
Kurpanov frowns at this but Merra added "I’ll manipulate Lana to be alone for Yuri to go to her and will tell you when to let Yuri through the gate."
Kurpanov groaned hearing Yuri still roaring out his familiar comment. He waited impatiently for Merra's signal hearing her speak a now comment in his mind. 
Kurpanov spoke "Just let Yuri go through the gate now! I'll track him."
He found his escorts obeying and tracked Yuri coming out of a doorway entering a room where Lana is standing with a range of emotions on her face. He watched as Yuri and Lana’s hands touch each other followed by hugs and saw Yuri lean his head down kissing Lana on the mouth which is broken off. He heard Yuri speak his name along with Lana speaking her name then Yuri left her entering through the doorway of the room which Kurpanov stood up. He watched as Yuri with a smirk on his face walks away following him to the sleeping spot and sees Yuri enter it. Kurpanov and Nemovsky and Yugadin enter the ground to sleep in it as Kurpanov again doesn't sleep much. Kurpanov stood there facing Shuen with a glare on his face. The sun was slowly rising from the horizon.
He spoke “Your free to go anywhere you want here but not through the gates or I will order the Surrai to bust Ters.”
He saw Shuen narrow his eyes as the Highlander spoke “What’s the point of keeping me here to drive Eric insane?”
Kurpanov stomped forwards and grabbed Shuen on the neck gagging him. 
He spoke “This is personal. It’s between me and Eric.” 
Kurpanov let go of Shuen’s neck who coughed and he walked away from the Highlander followed by his escorts. He reached the lake to see Yuri standing at the edge that walked up to him and blocked his way. 
Kurpanov spoke “What do you want Yuri?”
Yuri replied “The sunset colored haired female.” 
Kurpanov growled out “Go through the gate and get her, Yuri.” 
He saw Yuri’s face turn into a frown as he spoke “I was raised by people who have a strong tradition of asking the female’s Father for his blessing to mate with her. Since her Father is busted I have to ask Eric for her.”
Kurpanov narrowed his eyes and spoke “Yuri, who do you, think you are, Surrai or Ter? Go get that female if you want her.”
He pointed a clawed hand at the direction where the gates lay and added “I expect you back with that female before the sun goes down. Don’t come back alone or I’ll dunk you in the water.”
Kurpanov stared at Yuri who growled walking in the direction he pointed and he continued speaking “That’s an order, Yuri.”
Kurpanov watched as Yuri spun around and charged at him with fists. Kurpanov grabbed Yuri by the arm spinning him around and grabbed his other arm pulling them behind the Surrai’s back while forcing him to kneel. 
He heard Yuri growl out “I would rather be dunked than take that female for mating without asking her brother for his blessing.” 
Kurpanov let go of Yuri who quickly stood up to face him with anger on his face. 
He stared at Yuri who spoke in a growling tone “I can’t take the female without her brother Eric’s blessing. Eric, I’m aware of is insane thanks to that mind walker you brought here mind walking in his head from making him Night Eyes.” 
Kurpanov folded his arms as Yuri paused to walk towards the lake edge and kneeled scooping up the water with a hand drinking. 
He stared at the Surrai who added speaking from breaks of drinking from the lake “I want Eric’s blessing to mate with his sister. I’m not doing this without his blessing.”
Kurpanov frowned and heard a loud ringing noise coming from the gates which he spoke “A new visitor, a Ter has arrived courtesy of Merra.” 
He kneeled closing his eyes and concentrated on the visitor who was walking in the forest. Kurpanov saw through his mind’s eye was a female wearing day sky colored clothing and long night sky colored hair down her back. The female he saw was met by an Annukai female who gestured her to follow her. Kurpanov growled seeing the Annukai lead the female towards the Surrai sleeping quarters where an eater was burning away in surrounded by rocks with logs around it. Kurpanov saw sitting on the logs was Shuen who was frowning. He opened his eyes and got up walking followed by his escorts towards the sleeping quarters to see the female sitting on a log. Kurpanov saw her stand up when she saw him. 
He heard Shuen speak “Kurpanov, leader of the Surrai, this is Brianna, Eric’s mate. Tell her why you’re doing this to Eric.” 
Kurpanov growled loudly as Brianna spoke “I deserve to know.” 
He stomped towards her as she continued with a begging tone “Please tell me why you are doing this to Eric? Why?”
Kurpanov stood in front of Brianna towering over her and growled out “I’ll tell you, Eric is my brother.” 
He heard her gasp hearing his words as he continued speaking “We do share the same parent as another Surrai named Trevor who is also our brother too.”
Kurpanov folded his arms as Shuen spoke “Kurpanov, you planned this insanity of making Eric, Claws. I can see it clearly in your mind that you wanted to use him as an assumed leader among us, Ters. Oh you used him alright, except it backfired when he clawed you on the chest for threatening her.” 
Kurpanov gave Shuen a glare as he turned his head to face Brianna he felt her hand slap him on the cheek hard followed by her angrily speaking “I was sad when Eric went missing and I was glad when Merra returned him. I’m still sad for I lost my Eric, the caring mate who showed affection in his eyes when he sees me. Instead I have an Eric who has anger in his eyes and is consumed by his hatred towards what was done to him.”
Kurpanov glared at Brianna who added speaking “I’m begging you, Kurpanov, release Eric from his anger. Let my Eric be free to show that look I wanted in his eyes whenever he sees me.” 
Kurpanov opened his mouth and heard Shuen speak “You being his brother will come out anyway. You can’t keep secrets around here with a mind walking plant named Merra who’ll talk.” 
Kurpanov turned his head and gave Shuen a glare as he spoke “Shuen, I expect you to teach Brianna how to return through the gate.”
He turned his head towards Brianna and spoke “You’re that witness I told Eric to bust which he didn’t do. I expect you gone through that gate by the time the sun is down or I will bust you.” 
Kurpanov heard Shuen speak “Bust is another term for kill among the Surrai.” 
Then he heard Shuen added “Kurpanov, I hear Merra talking and she isn’t happy with you. She said that she’s tempted to manipulate people like she did before and won’t hesitate to do again. Merra means it for I can hear the firmness in her voice.”
Kurpanov growled as Brianna spoke “I’m not leaving till you agree to free Eric from this insanity.” 
He charged at Brianna grabbing her and hauled the female over his shoulder. 
He heard her yell words repeatedly said as she banged her fists on his back “You bastard, you hurt my Eric!”
Kurpanov carried her towards the gates and entered one entering the rugged room from the doorway entrance where he threw her down on the floor. He could see No Face standing to the side watching them. 
Kurpanov turned and walked away when he heard her scream out “Kurpanov, you bastard!”
He roared spinning around charging towards her form lying on the floor and felt a fist hit him in the face knocking him towards the floor. His last sight was of No Face standing over him growling before bringing a fist in into his face. 

Kurpanov Kossman remembers the Surrai's reaction to Kurpanov being put unconscious by Hades. Kazak paced in front of the gate as nearby were Nemovsky and Yugadin. The gate gave out a wailing like sound as Kazak paced. The three Surrai saw Trevor alone walk towards a gate with a scowl on his face. 
Kazak watched as Trevor went into the gate which flashed and then the gate flashed as the Surrai reappeared speaking “The Ters captured Kurpanov.”
Kazak frowned as Nemovsky and Yugadin entered the gate. Kazak paced waiting as the sun lowered itself in the sky. Nemovsky and Yugadin came out groaning hands on their stomachs which they fell towards the ground moaning loudly. 
Kazak grabbed them speaking “What happened to Father and yourself?”
Nemovsky moaned out “The way to Kurpanov has been blocked by Ters who are using their weapons to keep us away.”
Kazak heard Trevor howl as Liam and Ian arrived in the clearing. 
Trevor spoke “Liam, Ian, takes these two to the drinking spot.” 
Kazak took off running towards the sleeping quarters. He arrived to see Shuen sitting on a log grumbling. 
Kazak spoke “Shuen, your coming with me. The Ters have captured Kurpanov and I want to exchange you for him.” 
Shuen was quick to get up and followed Kazak towards the gate clearing where they both went through a gate to arrive in a tan hallway from a wide open doorway. Kazak looked to see a Highlander wearing a dark sky colored uniform standing in front of closed doors on his right at the end of the hallway. The two ran up to the Highlander who opened the door to face another Highlander dressed like the first one. The uniformed Highlander led the way down the stairs towards a doorway with a figure in similar uniform standing in it. Kazak followed the Highlanders through a hallway and reached a doorway leading to a large room with rugged floors. Kazak looked around to see Kurpanov lying on the floor unconscious. He ran towards Kurpanov as Shuen went to an open doorway in the wall entering it. Kazak picked up Kurpanov holding him in his arms and swatted his Father on the face. He frowned panicking as Kurpanov failed to respond and gripped his Father in a hug shaking him. Kazak panicking howled the Surrai distress call while holding Kurpanov in his arms. He according to Kurpanov Kossman was unaware of a war in Kurpanov's mind regarding one Eric Zesky between him and Merra. Kurpanov was dreaming of an endless body of water that was followed by a night sky colored plant flower rising up from the water. 
He heard a voice speak in female tones “I am called Merra who is not happy with you Kurpanov.” 
Kurpanov in his head frowned as Merra continued speaking “Your brother, Eric is capable of taking care of himself with the help of his female and children. His female and his children need him and you will let Eric go free or suffer my wrath.” 
Kurpanov growled in his mind as Merra spoke “Kazak has freed the Highlander to free Eric but you are still in Eric’s mind blocking the way. You will release Eric now.” 
Kurpanov in his mind spoke “Why should I free Eric? He’s my brother who should be contained.” 
He heard Merra speak in an angry tone “Kurpanov, you should be contained for what you did to the Surrai when you were angry. You caused a tree to land on the food water source making them sick which they would have busted from this.” 
Kurpanov groaned inwardly in his mind as Merra continued “You will free Eric now or suffer the fact that I can keep you in this state making your son more upset. He is howling the Surrai distress call for he can’t wake you up.” 
Kurpanov growled as his mind’s eye view changed to show him standing in front of a door with doors on the sides some opened and some closed. Facing him was Shuen who was walking towards him with hands in fists. He heard a howling sound of a Surrai crying in distress and recognized the voice as Kazak. Kurpanov groaned mentally removing himself from Eric’s mind and felt himself back in his body held by Kazak who was howling. He shook his head as Kazak stopped his howling and felt his son patting his face with a clawed hand. Kurpanov forced open his eyes to stare at Kazak who stood up pulling him to a standing position. He saw a flash of light out of the corners of his eyes and looked to see Yuri walking from an open doorway in the room. Kurpanov felt Kazak wrap an arm around him as Yuri came forwards to them and put an arm around his shoulders. He didn’t protest as the two escorted him through the doorway and came out of a gate. Kurpanov exhaled air as the two Surrai led him towards the lake where Nemovsky and Yugadin were there gulping water from their hands. Kurpanov kneeled and scooped the water with both hands and drank as he felt Kazak rub a hand on his shoulder. 
He didn't protest as he again was forced to go underground to sleep despite staying awake in there till he heard from Merra "Nighty night Kurpanov."
Kurpanov groaned and passed out unconscious as his twin Kurpanov Kossman added to the story of when he woke up groaning loudly contained in a padded room to meet Alexei and confirm his identity. He came to waking up lying in a padded room wearing nothing but shorts on his form and black gloves on his hands. He saw his legs and feet were bare which he felt confusion running through him. He groaned loudly to look at his hands that were gloved which he took one off to look at. He saw it was similar to his clawed hand but his nose sensed some substance in them which he felt confusion persisted. He put on the glove back on and spied a toilet with a sink over it and a mirror which he got up and went to it. Kurpanov widen his eyes of shock seeing Eric’s face staring back at him as he recalled Alexei calling him by Eric’s name when he was gagging the male before fainting. He eyed his hair to see its shoulder length in the color black he shocked on knowing the color. He found his hair wasn't golden colored to his shock including wearing the familiar Surrai pants. Kurpanov put a hand to cover his eyes and groaned loudly. He sensed padded treads coming towards him which he looked on his right to see Alexei walking towards him from an open doorway in the room. 
He heard from Alexei “Eric?”
Kurpanov spoke hearing his voice sound like his own “No, Kurpanov, not Eric.” 
He saw confusion and shock on Alexei’s face who stared at him before speaking “I could have you tested but unfortunately our medical doctor is out of commission and the medical personal isn’t qualified for that so they can’t test you yet.” 
Kurpanov groaned loudly then spoke “Alexei what was I doing coming from a tube?”
He stared at Alexei who appeared to compose himself before speaking “Your creation was due to the medical doctor who’s out of commission like I said which I’ll explain later. I must add that the file on the tube shows that Eric’s hair and Kurpanov’s blood were mixed together and put in the tube which grew into what I’m seeing in front of me which is Eric with long hair sounding like Kurpanov’s voice when speaking.” 
Kurpanov spoke “I remember waking up in the tube and felt that thing lower itself before thrusting me out. I also remember a life as Kurpanov living on some alien world called Terrania as a member of species called Surrai.” 
He frowned while eyeing Alexei who spoke "I see from the looks of you that you're appearing to be ok so come with me while I get you to where you're to get clothes on."
Kurpanov obeyed to follow Alexei through the Zesky hospital he recognized was still the same as before. 
He frowned as he followed Alexei to a room and got told "I advise you to avoid showering. Water acts like poison to Eric once it touches his skin."
Kurpanov groaned softly hearing that as Alexei added "You'll find clothes in the dressers. I'm still trying to get a medical doctor with qualifications into here to test you and give us results ASAP. Sorry our former medical doctor has been declared insane with lunacy. Hence she currently locked up at the moment."
He sighed and didn't comment as Alexei left the room which he went to the dresser and pulled out some clothes he found were sweats in blue. 
He grunted out "Oh for crying out loud!"
Kurpanov went into the bathroom carrying the clothes which he put onto the sink counter. He stripped himself of the shorts and turned the shower water on and with an exhale of a breath got himself inside underneath the spray. He felt a fainting feeling hitting him as he allowed the water to spray down over him. Kurpanov felt confusion hitting him as he continued to feel faint to his confusion. He felt dizziness shook his head and found his knees refused to hold him up anymore fell onto his seat. Kurpanov groaned softly as he sat on the tub's floor and leaned back shutting his eyes as if compelled to hear the shower water turn off along with voices speaking in a panicky voice tone. He didn't register the words instead felt himself passing out unconscious to dream of a memory. 
Kurpanov Kossman on admittance said "The memory is of Eric's point of view while in Terrania."
Eric stood in the bedroom watching Brianna go into the bathroom. He waited listening as the shower went on and quickly left the bedroom running out into the hallway. He ran towards the stairs and went down them running. Reaching the last stairs he saw the door to the tube room and pressed a hand on the monitor which the door opened. Eric walked inside went to a monitor on his left in the wall with his back to the door and pressed a button. 
He watched as the monitor went forwards pulling out the tube and put a hand on his glove as the door to the room opened followed by Kurpanov’s voice speaking “That’s pathetic, Eric, really pathetic. ” 
Eric froze as Kurpanov continued speaking voice coming nearer to him “You, my own brother going in a tube all because of some tantrums you can’t stand or control. Brianna would destroy herself if you went in the tube.”
Eric stood frozen hearing Kurpanov’s words as he felt a clawed hand on his shoulder as Kurpanov added “Yes, we’re brothers along with Trevor. You, Trevor and I share the same parent. What I did to you was to protect you as my brother which you didn’t need.”
He felt the taller than himself, Kurpanov’s other hand touch the top of his head stroking as the Surrai paused and then heard him spoke again “I was on the stairway when I saw Alexei and others came down the stairs carrying a sleeping you tied to a stretcher. Brianna was there and she was begging Alexei not to put you in the tube.” 
“I heard her words as she said repeatedly over and over “Don’t put Eric in the tube! I need him!” 
“I followed the group as they reached this room. I saw them place you in the tube and watched as Brianna threw herself on top of you lying on the tube bed.” 
“The men escorting Alexei had to take her off restraining her as she screamed 'I need Eric, I need him!'” 
“I watched as Alexei locked you in the tube and him yell at her hearing his words 'You will cease this behavior, Brianna! You have children who need their mother and you will take care of them!'”
“The men hauled her still screaming out of the room as I stood watching Alexei who spoke in a calmer tone to me 'Poor Eric, your brother has those angry rages and there’s nothing in the world that can help him stop himself from attacking people. Believe me Kurpanov, I’ve tried.'” 
“He walked out of the room and I stood there thinking 'You're wrong Alexei, there is something that can stop Eric when he has his angry rages and I’ll find out what it is which I have.'” 
Eric stood feeling Kurpanov’s hands rubbing his shoulders as the Surrai paused from talking. 
He lowered his hands as he heard Kurpanov speak “You during your angry rages attack people because you can sense fear from them and your angry state hate the emotion so they wound up as your victims. You never hurt Brianna because she isn’t afraid of you and helps you.” 
Eric stiffened feeling the rages arrive and put his hands on his head growling loudly. He barely felt Kurpanov’s arms wrapped around his chest from behind as he lowered his hands roaring loudly. Eric jerked struggling against Kurpanov’s tight grip as the anger coursed through him. He felt a hand over his eyes on his face blocking his eyes sight and groaned loudly while feeling the anger leave him. Eric relaxed feeling Kurpanov’s arm still around his chest as his other hand was on his face covering his eyes. Eric sighed with his eyes closed as Kurpanov lowered his hand from covering his eyes.
He heard Kurpanov speak “One of my people called by the name of Yuri is Lana’s mate. He has been visiting Lana in her quarters and will at my orders meet the others. I thought I’ll let you know of this.”
Eric nodded his head as he felt Kurpanov pull him towards the doorway and didn’t resist as he heard a sound and opened his eyes to find himself back in his bedroom. Eric could hear the hair dryer running from the bathroom as Kurpanov released him rubbing a clawed hand on his head. He stared at the Surrai who walked away through the open bedroom doorway disappearing in a flash of light. Kurpanov admits while groaning from feeling a feeling of sickness hitting him that felt like his muscles were on fire and refused to move for him while in the shower. He grunted an annoyed sound feeling a hand gripping his gloved hand during his talk to the recorder Alexei seen holding his hand. He jerked open his eyes shaking of apparent dizziness to find Alexei holding his hand. 
He frowned as Alexei spoke "So what do you remember of being Eric anyway?"
Kurpanov spoke "His life interactions with Kurpanov on this planetary world of Terrania."
He frowned as Alexei squeezed his hand gently followed by the male speaking "Just tell me what you remembered for our records."
He obeyed to speak from a memory of Eric fully in his mind as said via recorder device. Eric moved his head to stare at the wall and heard the doctor leave the room gently closing the door. Frowning he got up and went to the bathroom closing the door behind him. Eric stared at the mirror and leaned against the sink under the mirror with a frown. He jerked his head putting his gloved hands on his face as he felt the rages arrived and growled loudly. Eric barely felt an arm wrap around his chest and lowered his hands as a hand covered his eyes. He struggled against the holder’s arm grip while growling loudly and sighed as the anger left him. 
Eric relaxed against the holder and heard Kurpanov’s voice speaking “Poor Eric, the others shouldn’t have outcast you. I’ll see that they’ll accept you if I have to use force.” 
Eric groaned loudly as the Surrai Leader continued speaking “Don’t worry about them. They don’t know what a sick man Palin was. He deserved to be busted.” 
He sighed as Kurpanov released him and felt the Surrai rub a hand on his hair.
Kurpanov added “Yes, Palin ordered many things that were cruel enough for him to earn that name Emperor Executioner. I’ll have Yuri tell the others about Palin and his insanity. They should be able to accept you then.” 
Eric frowned as Kurpanov pulled him out of the bathroom and looked to see Robb standing in the room with a frown as the Surrai led him to the bed. Eric got on the bed and watched Kurpanov leave disappearing in a flash of light through the bathroom doorway. Kurpanov added to the recording Alexei's reaction and his words to Eric knowing Kurpanov as his brother.
Kurpanov spoke as Alexei gasped "Eric knows that Kurpanov is his brother. Kurpanov revealed that to him."
He frowned while eyeing Alexei who spoke "Anything else you remembered?"
He frowned as he heard in his mind "That's enough of the talk now smarty!"
Kurpanov frowned hearing the voice a male reminded him of a Meritanian as he continued to hear "It's Tank. Quit that talk on Eric now. Just lie to Alexei that you don't remember and sleep now or else I'll dump you into the ocean."
He obeyed to find Alexei letting go of his hand and without a word rolled over putting his back to the male and shut his eyes. 
He heard from Alexei speaking "Eric is my son who I value."
Kurpanov gulped but refrained from gasping out loud of shock as Alexei was sensed leaving him as he found himself passing out unconscious by the sleepiness hitting him to again dream of another scene. Kurpanov sat kneeling in front of the lake with eyes closed. The sun was shining high in the sky. Nemovsky and Yugadin were sitting cross legged besides him. He sensed Yuri kneel drinking from the lake nearby. 
Kurpanov spoke “Yuri, you have my blessing.”
He opened his eyes turning his head to look at Yuri who stared at him with a questioningly look on his face water dripping from his hand. 
Kurpanov spoke again “Eric is my brother whose sister is also my sister. We share the same parent but I am the oldest. Go mate with her, you have my blessing.” 
Kurpanov turned his head away and closed his eyes. He heard Yuri growl and saw in his mind’s eye the Surrai stand up with fisted hands stomping towards him. Nemovsky was quick to get up to stand blocking Yuri’s way. 
Yuri spoke “You better flaunt your swimming or I won’t accept you as leader.”
Kurpanov sensed Yuri walk away and followed him in his mind’s eye running to the sleeping quarters. Yuri he saw cupped his hands together and roared a sound.
Kurpanov hearing Yuri’s roar spoke “Ignore it, that’s an order.”
He heard Nemovsky and Yugadin grumble and sensed them sit cross legged next to him. Kurpanov watched in his mind’s eye as other Surrai arrived at the sleeping quarters clearing with questioningly looks on their faces. He eavesdropped on the conversation said hearing their words and watched the situation. 
Yuri spoke “Kurpanov admitted to me that Eric is his brother.” 
Surrai around him grumbled as Trevor threw up his hands and spoke “Ah another surprise.” 
Liam next to him spoke “Why don’t you go through the gate, Trevor, and visit your female?”
Trevor snapped at him “Not when I’m sick.” 
Ian on the other side of Trevor spoke “That explains why Kurpanov refused to let us retaliate against Eric scratching him on the chest. Kurpanov is his brother and is protecting Eric. I think I should challenge Kurpanov for leadership.”
There were murmurs of agreements among the Surrai. 
Mal standing with Ander and Yolly besides her spoke “Surrai get Kurpanov here and whoever foots his seat is the leader who I’ll mate with.”
Ander besides her asked “Nemovsky and Yugadin?”
Mal spoke with a tone Kurpanov recognized as sarcasm “Easily defeated. Foot their seats and Kurpanov will have no support defending him when you all challenge him.”
Trevor spoke “I’ll go he’ll listen to me as his brother.”
He left the clearing escorted by Liam and Ian. Kurpanov at the moment opened his eyes and stood up with a glare on his face as his escorts stood up. 
He heard Merra’s voice speaking in his mind “Stop it, Kurpanov. Anger makes one blind to seeing things.” 
Kurpanov growled and dived into the water followed by Nemovsky and Yugadin. He swam from the shore and floated on his back as his escorts treaded floating next to him. 
An idea came to his mind and Kurpanov spoke “Nemovsky, Yugadin, something you must do for me and that’s an order.”
He told them the order who nodded their heads and the three waited as Trevor arrived at the lake with two Surrai. 
Kurpanov heard Trevor on the shore yell “Get over here I want to talk to you!” 
Kurpanov obeyed swimming over to the shore followed by his escorts and climbed out of the water with them to stand next to Trevor whose arms were folded. 
Trevor spoke “You’re wanted at the sleeping quarters. The Surrai want to talk to you.” 
Kurpanov formed his face into an angry look and spoke with an angry tone “Fine. Let’s see what they want.” 
He walked away followed by the Surrai walking through the forest passing trees and bushes till they reached the Surrai sleeping quarters. Kurpanov frowned inwardly seeing Surrai standing gathered around with anger on their faces. Mal he saw with a smirk on her face was sitting on a log with Kazak frowning sitting besides her. 
He walked to stand in the middle of the Surrai group and spoke “What’s going on here?”
Kurpanov heard grunts and groans from behind him and he looked to see Nemovsky and Yugadin lying on the ground groaning in pain. Out of the corners of his eyes he saw Trevor walk to the log Mal was sitting on and sat down next to Kazak. 
Kurpanov spoke “I said what’s going on here?”
Surrai around him roared the challenge roar as one yelled in an angry tone “I’m challenging you for leadership!”
He heard the other Surrai echo the yeller’s comment all in angry tones and held up his hands fisting them thinking to himself “I don’t think so.” 
Kurpanov Kossman doesn't remember anything else on recording despite Alexei asking him "What happened next?"
The sun shined reaching the horizon as Kurpanov stood with arms folded with a glare on his face. Scattered around him lying groaning on the ground were Surrai. Kurpanov exhaled air as he saw Trevor get up from the log walking to stand next to him. 
Trevor made a Surrai sound of disgust and spoke “What a shame. Surrai should know that anger a powerful emotion can make them blind to seeing things.” 
Kurpanov shook his head and lowered his arms as Mal got up from the log and walked towards them. 
Kurpanov frowned as Mal reaching him, grabbed his hand speaking “I chose you to mate with.” 
He exhaled air as Mal pulled him out of the clearing and nothing was said on their mating behaviors or anything according to Kurpanov Kossman. Kurpanov Kossman adds reactions from Kazak. Kazak got up from the log to stand next to Trevor with a frown on his face. He stared at Trevor as the two heard Kurpanov yell a Surrai sound of pleasure from the bushes and trees beyond the clearing and he shook his head. Kazak saw Trevor’s face turn into a glare and looked to see where he was staring at. He saw Trevor looking at Yugadin and Nemovsky who were awake sitting up stretching their arms while shaking their heads. 
Kazak stared at them with shock as he heard Trevor speak “Cunning Kurpanov. He ordered them to accept their seats footed and stay down sleeping.” 
Kazak exhaled air as he heard Kurpanov yell another sound of pleasure from the beyond the clearing followed by his Father yelling out “Mal!” 
He heard Trevor made a Surrai sound of surprise and looked at the Surrai. 
Trevor spoke “Interesting, Kurpanov never calls Mal by her name. He always referred her as the female.” 
Kazak frowned as he heard sounds of Kurpanov roaring from beyond the clearing followed by two howling sounds. 
He looked at Trevor again who spoke “It’s about time. I think Mal figured out how to get him to say her name. I hope she can enforce that.”
The two stood as Surrai around them stood up and went into the ground leaving them with Nemovsky and Yugadin who stood up with frowns on their faces. The bushes rumbled as Mal with a smirk on her face came walking into the clearing. Kazak stood as she went to him and gave him a hug then went to a spot on the ground going into the earth which closed up behind her. He saw Trevor out of the corners of his eyes shaking his head and looked at the bushes to see Kurpanov with a Surrai look of shock on his face came stumbling out. He stared at his Father who fell to a kneeling position on the ground visibly shaking. Kazak watched as Nemovsky and Yugadin went to Kurpanov putting hands on his arms lifting him up hauling him stumbling towards the middle of the clearing where he went into the earth. 
Nemovsky spoke “Poor Kurpanov, he really should call Mal by her name.” 
Kazak watched as Nemovsky went into the earth as Yugadin did the same. 
He heard Trevor clear his throat and looked at the Surrai who spoke “I think we should be going in to sleep so good night Kazak.” 
Kazak went to a spot on the ground as Trevor did the same and they both went into the earth which closed up behind them. 
Kurpanov Kossman remembers the result of the mating between Kurpanov the Surrai and Mal the female. Kurpanov came out of the ground with a glare on his face as Nemovsky and Yugadin did the same. The sky was full of light with the tips of the sun peeking over the horizon. Kurpanov kneeled and closed his eyes then he opened them and stood up. He walked into the forest followed by his escorts till they reached Mal leaning with back to the tree bent legs spread and she was groaning loudly. Kurpanov went to Mal and pulled out a large egg sac from an opening between her legs. He pulled apart the sac as she lay on her side which revealed a baby with short night sky colored hair on the head crying away.
He spoke with an angry tone “The baby’s a female and it’s a Ter.” 
Kurpanov hoisted the baby on one arm and heard Mal speak “Don’t put the baby through the gate. Let the Humans raise it.”
He snarled a growl and walked away as Mal yelled out “Kurpanov please!”
Kurpanov heard a new voice speak in male tones from above him “I suggest you do what your female said.”
He looked up above at the Annukai sitting on a thick branch peering at him. 
Kurpanov growled as the Annukai added “Check the faces of the Humans. The faces are the same as yours and the Surrai called Kazak. They are your children with your female.”
Kurpanov held up the baby with his hands and glared at the baby’s face. The baby at the moment stopped her crying to stare at Kurpanov with her day sky colored Human like eyes. Growling Kurpanov cradled the baby by his arm and stomped away walking into the forests with Nemovsky and Yugadin walking besides him. He reached a river as the sun rose over the horizon and followed the river till a bridge out of wood and rope material stood hung over the river. 
Kurpanov grumbled to himself echoing the Annukai’s words “Check the faces of the Humans. The faces are the same as yours and the Surrai called Kazak. They are your children with your female.” 
With a Surrai sound of disgust he walked on the bridge with a hand on the rope followed by escorts. The bridge creaked as the Surrai walked on it reaching the other side of the river. Growling Kurpanov stomped through the bushes as the smell of the smoke from eaters burning away assaulted him. He wrinkled his nose with distaste and followed the smell. He reached a clearing and stood seeing a series of round tree barked huts sitting scattered around with eaters surrounded by rocks besides them and saw Humans all wearing gonoid skin clothing. One of them seeing the Surrai howled some call as Humans came out of huts to stand facing him. He saw a female come out of a hut carrying a night sky colored haired child in her arms. 
Kurpanov held up the baby with both hands and snarled “Mal, my female insisted that you, Humans raise the baby.”
He stood as one of the Humans a female with long night sky colored hair wearing furry gonoid skin clothing walked forward and took the baby from his arms. Kurpanov grabbed the shorter than himself, Human female’s chin and felt her stiffened as he stared at her face. He narrowed his golden eyes as he saw his face stared back at him and looked at the other Humans with their sun and night sky colored long hairs staring at their faces. Kurpanov frowned inwardly as he saw his face staring back at him on the faces of the Humans. 
Kurpanov let go of the Human female’s chin and spoke “I like to know who raised all of you and told you to come here.”
A Human male with long sun colored hair pulled back in a tail wearing gonoid skin pants and a belt sideways across his bare muscular chest stepped forward as the Human female carrying the baby walked by him. 
The Human male spoke with a guttural tone of voice “We were found as a baby in front of a gate by a species, a race called Beddune near their camp. They taught each of us how to survive on land. As for coming here, we as an adult had suffered from a compelling instinct call along with an image of a clearing where the gates sit. The Beddune told of us that the instinct call was our home calling us and the image was a way home through the gate.”
Kurpanov folded his arms growling loudly as the Human male cut himself off to stare at him with a frown. Gates are shut with a squealing siren sound sounding loudly in a siren him hearing to his annoyance. He gave the Humans a glare and without a word left the camp going to the rope bridge and took it to the Surrai sleeping spot to find Yuri sitting on the ground looking upset. He frowned as he eyed Yuri who had hands running through his hair as he stared at the Surrai with a glare. 
Yuri is upset who admits "I mated with Lana and thinks she’s having my child." 
Kurpanov spoke "Lana will be fine, Yuri. Just go to sleep now." 
Kurpanov stood in the Surrai sleeping quarters sleeps on the surface after Surrai go in. 
Kurpanov found Yuri sleeping near gates wakes him up hauls him to sleeping quarters. Annukai drops rock from above and Kurpanov looks to see the hand sign the Annukai makes which he gets it. 
He ordered "Yuri in sleeping quarters for sleeping and remain there period." in Surrai presence. 
Yuri goes in and he places rock on top of Yuri’s stalk hole. 
Trevor heard spoke "Kurpanov is sick-"
He interrupted "I'm not sick!" 
Trevor spoke "I insist that Kurpanov goes to lake to drink."
He heard grumbling among the Surrai obeyed to get a drink of water. Mal pushes Kurpanov into water as Surrai in water holds Kurpanov under. Kurpanov blacks out. 
Mal sits with back to tree and orders "Surrai to place Kurpanov on me. I have to be the only Surrai Kurpanov sees when he wakes up. I know a way of controlling him when he's angry."
Surrai leave, Kurpanov wakes up roaring which Mal kisses him on the lips distracting his anger. 
Mal treats him with kindness which Kurpanov admits "I had a painful time while in the sleeping quarters and is having trouble sleeping in there. I don’t want to sleep in there because of my painful time." 
He admits to Mal who tells him "You're a leader who must be healthy to lead." 
Mal gets up and takes Kurpanov to sleeping quarters where other Surrai are gathered. Kurpanov is exhausted doesn’t seem angry at them. Rock falls from tree from above which Mal picks up. 
She insists "I insist that Kurpanov to go inside and heal like a leader." 
Kurpanov with reluctant goes inside and feels no pain. Nemovsky and Yugadin go in after thanking Mal. 
Mal places a rock over Kurpanov’s stalk hole and then she tells Surrai "I have chosen Kurpanov as my mate and wants to know if they have a problem with that." 
Surrai around her say "No. we don’t have a problem with that." 
They scatter walking away. Days later Surrai hear Kurpanov roaring from inside which Kazak storms to Kurpanov stalk hole despite his mother is protesting about it. 
Kazak says loudly "I myself always get angry from staying inside too long!" which Kazak yanks rock from hole. 
Kurpanov sensing his hole freed comes up angry mood and feels himself hugged while hearing Kazak’s voice speaking “Father” repeatedly. 
Kurpanov calms down while remembering himself knocked out by Hades and Kazak tried to wake him and howled a call panicking when he failed to wake him. 
Kurpanov Kossman on admittance of waking up as woke up via a hand on his shoulder after his poisonous status in his shower. He shifted around while lying in bed to glare at the hand's owner was Alexei. He gave a glare in response while feeling himself still hurting from his shower. 
Alexei spoke "So what else do you remember regarding Terrania's Kurpanov and Eric in question hmm? Don't mind the threats of the Meritanians telling you that they'll dump you into the ocean. I had that situation settled so talk now!"
Kurpanov groaned softly hearing Alexei's voice sounded firm obeyed to speak about Kurpanov and Eric till the point of Kazak freeing his father from the Surrai sleeping spot via rock covering the hole. 
He frowned once Alexei appeared to be satisfied but still asking him questions such as "How's Eric doing anyway? You remember anything on him?"
Kurpanov groaned softly and spoke in response "What I remember is what comes to my mind and not via instantly like a damned computer."
He glared at Alexei with annoyance running through him as he made a fake yawn sleeping noise and rolled over back to the male. Only to get a hand on his shoulder shaking him awake. 
He groaned out "Can't I get some sleep around here?"
"Just ignore Breaker doing this, Eric." He heard from Alexei.
Kurpanov rolled over and spoke "The name is Kurpanov not Eric and stop calling me Eric."
He glared at Alexei who shrugged in response and spoke "Anything else regarding Kurpanov and his time on Terrania?"
He spoke in response from memory of it. Kurpanov later while alone with Nemovsky and Yugadin admits that he values the children he had with Mal using her name and feels that he won’t be the same if anything bad happens to them. Kurpanov adds that he’s worried about Trevor who is apparently not getting any better from his sickness and feels that his brother might die from it which his death would get him really upset. Kurpanov includes that his mother called Anya carried both he and Trevor at the same time and that he was born first along with admitting that Eric doesn’t have the same father as he and Trevor has but the same mother Anya-

Kurpanov Kossman was interrupted by Alexei speaking "So he knows who fathered him and who his Mother is."
He gave Alexei a glare to find a male figure step out from behind the male giving him the creeps he saw had long blonde stringy hair with creepy all black beady eyes and a pale tan skin. 
He gulped seeing the male standing next to Alexei who addressed him as Breaker and saying "Where have you been?"
Kurpanov groaned softly hearing that to figure that Breaker was hiding somewhere around the Zesky Asylum scaring people. 
He ignored Alexei's question to focus onto Alexei who added while looking at him "Anything else?"
Kurpanov spoke in response as said via recorder "Night time some time later Kurpanov comes out of the ground roaring as other Surrai does the same. Kazak sees his father kneel grabbing his head with his hands while howling some distress sound which is cut off. He goes to Kurpanov and is blocked by Nemovsky who says that Trevor who is not among them has died and it’s his reaction to the death. Surrai among them murmur their shock to Nemovsky’s words. Yugadin speaks that Kurpanov won’t be the same again if anything bad happens to Kazak and Human children he had with Mal who he has admitted valuing. Kazak frowns hearing Yugadin’s words as Surrai among them continue to murmur. Kazak watches Kurpanov lower his arms who put his face up towards the sky with a pained look on his expression with eyes closed while rocking back and forth a bit while unclenching and clenching his hands from fists and back. Surrai hear gates squeal some sound which Yugadin says a visitor has arrived transported by Merra which Surrai hear Elementals say in their loud voice that the visitor is Trevor who is dead and question of what Trevor would want them to do with his body. Kurpanov at the moment hears Merra say in his mind that she transported Trevor to the Humans’ camp where they’ll bury his body and mark the grave but they won’t do it without his ordering them. Kurpanov at the moment stands up and speed walks out of the clearing followed by his escorts and Kazak to the Humans’ camp where he sees Trevor lying on the ground eyes closed skin pale, hands clasp on his chest surrounded in a semi circle by Humans who are displaying sad looks on their faces. He loses it kneeling next to Trevor’s body leaning forward wrapping his arms around the dead Surrai’s form as he cries nonsense sounds. He feels a hand on his shoulder and senses it’s Kazak which he becomes quiet and then stands up with his son still having a hand on his shoulder. Kurpanov orders the Humans to bury Trevor and mark the grave which a group of Human males lift up Trevor and Surrai and Humans together walk out of the camp through the forest till they reach a small clearing where Kurpanov tells them to bury him there. He stands watching hugged by Kazak as his escorts help the Humans with forming a hole in the ground and placing Trevor in it and covering the body with dirt. He watches as one of the Human females break off two bare thick branches from a low tree and sees the females take out their hair strings to tie the sticks together into a cross shape which one of them hands to him as Kazak stops hugging him. Kurpanov with voice breaking speaks that he’ll never forget Trevor and places the stick on the grave at one end where Trevor’s head is buried underground. Kurpanov notices his Human children gathered around him orders that they should go thru the gates and find mates. Kurpanov leaves clearing followed by Surrai to the Surrai sleeping spot where other Surrai are there talking among them. Kurpanov orders Surrai to go through gates to find mates which he adds he expects this order obeyed using Trevor as an example of finding his mate after going through the gates. Surrai obey Kurpanov leaving the clearing leaving him alone with Mal, Kazak and his two escorts. Kurpanov adds that the order includes Kazak and his escorts which Nemovsky and Yugadin both place a hand on his shoulders and then walk away. He sees Mal hug Kazak then is hugged by his son who speaks that he’ll return then watches as his son walks away disappearing into the forest out of sight. Kurpanov hears Merra’s voice in his head speak that the Surrai won’t return once they go through the gates which Kurpanov doesn’t care about-"
Kurpanov Kossman was interrupted by Alexei while recording the story via recorder "Nothing on Eric and what's he's doing or whatever involving Kurpanov since he was Night Eyes?"
He appeared to have glared in response and spoke the story "Kurpanov hears a booming male voice in his head says 'There's a stranger here' followed by 'Hello Eric-'
He got interrupted "That doesn't tell the One what's going on with Eric."
Kurpanov groaned hearing the creepy voice tone of Breaker. 
He spoke in response "Eric became ruler of Terrania called Sun Lord as their planetary ruler-"
"What?!" he's interrupted by Alexei who looks annoyed instead of shocked. 
Kurpanov groaned hearing Breaker speaking gibberish he found himself relaying in response. 
Nikolas groaned loudly and heard a female voice belonging to a Human speaking “Hades what brings you here? Why you are upset?” 
He looked at his right as he lowered his hand to see a young Human female with long night sky hair pulled back and with day sky colored eyes standing next to him with curiosity in her face. 
Kurpanov Kossman adds "She's a descendant of Cassandra his daughter actually as manipulated by Merra to meet Nikolas." 
Nikolas thought to himself “I might as well tell her about my mission.” 
The Human female spoke again breaking his thoughts “My name is Cassandra. I’m wondering what’s wrong that has you acting like there’s a burden on your shoulders?”
Nikolas spoke “I’ve come on behalf of the racial and island leaders to pick a Human male for the newly created position titled Sun Lord who will, with his identity hidden, rule all of Terrania.”
He paused as Cassandra spoke “Oh.”
He continued speaking “Do you know of a Human male willing to take the position?”
He stared at Cassandra who spoke “I think I know just the candidate. Come with me to him.”
He followed Cassandra walking on the sidewalks in a brisk pace as Humans walked by them not giving them glances. They reached a building and went inside the lobby where Cassandra led him to the elevator and got inside. The elevator went up and stopped which they got out into a dim lighted hallway walking pass doors. Nikolas frowned as Cassandra stopped at a door and knocked on it with her hand. The door opened as Nikolas saw a male reminding him of Eric the Hybrid from the water ship. He frowned seeing the male had twin facial looks of Cassandra despite his reminder who stood in the doorway with short night sky colored hair and ground colored eyes. The male he saw stared at him and Cassandra with questioningly look on his face he seeing wasn't surprised to see them there. 
Kurpanov Kossman spoke "He's a descendant of Eric's son Ricky junior himself."
Cassandra he heard spoke “Eric, may we come in? Hades has something to say and I think you should hear it.” 
The male, Eric, he frowning at the name for its familiarity, spoke “You have my permission to come inside.” 
Eric, he saw backed up as he and Cassandra walked inside with the male closing the door behind them. He looked to see sitting on the floor was a young Human child and a Human female with long sun colored hair sitting on the couch looked up to stare at him.
Eric, he heard spoke “Hades, what is it that you wish to say to me?”
Nikolas spoke groaning to himself figuring out that Merra did manipulating onto him again repeating the words he told Cassandra “I’ve come on behalf of the racial and island leaders to pick a Human male for the newly created position titled Sun Lord who will, with his identity hidden, rule all of Terrania.”
He heard Eric hissed a breath as he saw a frown come onto the male's face he saw wasn't surprised by what he said making him think "Ooh Merra you stinking plant. You're up to something aren't you?" 
Nikolas continued ignoring his thought aimed at Merra “I’m told I have to transport the chosen Human and his family to Atlanta where he will be prepared for the position. Are you willing to do this?”
He stared at Eric who turned and looked at the female sitting on the couch watching them with a frown he seeing them both staring at each other with some ranges of emotions on their faces. 
He grumbled mentally "Drat Merra must be explaining her trick to them and keeping me out of it. Oh ho do I wish I could mind scan like a mind walker. It'll be nice to know what people are thinking mentally. Darn the stinking Highlanders having that ability, Hmph." 
Cassandra he heard broke the silence spoke “Eric, take the position, till the One is ready to assume it no matter how many descendants it will take.”
Kurpanov Kossman spoke "The One is apparently Eric himself who's living forever while in Terrania-"
He was interrupted by Alexei hissing out "What in tarnation?!"
Kurpanov spoke in response to the story.
The female sitting on the couch spoke he heard “I’m told by Merra that the One’s mate is getting old and will someday die leaving him with no purpose in life worth living. Having him assume the title will help him live on after her death so I agree with Cassie. Eric, take the position.” 
Kurpanov Kossman spoke "The One is Brianna who's dying of some olden condition."
"Pity" was heard from Breaker as Kurpanov Kossman continued the story.
Nikolas frowned listening to the words as Eric turned around and looking at him spoke eyeing him in the eyes creeping him out “I accept to take the position as Sun Lord.”
Kurpanov Kossman paused from talking to frown while staring at his hands till he felt Alexei manipulate the bed to make him sit up to his annoyance. 
He gave Alexei a glare who spoke "Continue on with the story. Tell me how Eric got to be Sun Lord."
Kurpanov Kossman spoke in response. 
Nikolas walked to Teorjer standing near the entrance of the inner stadium and spoke “He is ready.” 
Teorjer he saw nodded his head as they both looked behind to see a male form dressed in night sky clothing wearing a barrel shaped head cover mask covering his face and head's features. He felt envy as he saw the male was accompanied with Highlanders wearing day sky colored uniforms standing besides the ruler. He heard Teorjer exhale air as he laid a hand on his shoulder. Nikolas looked at him as he nodded his head and took his hand off his shoulder. The two walked into the crowded noisy stadium hosted by Atlanta towards the dais surrounded by the racial and island leaders. They walked and reached the microphone in front of the throne chair in. Nikolas roared some nonsense sound into the microphone which got the stadium silent. Screens above flashed his image with Teorjer standing besides him. 
Teorjer spoke words amplified by the microphone in Basic “I am speaking on behalf of the racial and island leaders who with great discussion have agreed that all of Terrania will be ruled by one ruler titled Sun Lord.”
He heard Teorjer paused which he repeated the words in Americanian as the crowd kept their silence. 
This was followed by Teorjer speaking he repeated in Americanian “I present your majesty, Sun Lord, ruler of Terrania.”
The lights of the stadium he saw dimmed as a large spot light appeared shining on the one of the entrances to the stadium. Nikolas watched as the Sun Lord escorted by Highlanders walked into the stadium that went silent with the spot light tracking him and reached the dais. The lights went brighter illuminating the stadium he saw. Nikolas with Teorjer and the racial and island leaders bowed to the Sun Lord. He heard noises coming from the crowd and realized to himself that it was cheering along with applauding. He looked around him to see the racial and island leaders had their hands together clapping along with the crowd as Teorjer place a hand on his shoulder gently gripping it. He looked at Teorjer to see his lips forming a smile and smiled to himself-
Kurpanov Kossman according to recorder was interrupted again by Alexei speaking "That's not my Eric your talking about aren't you?"
Kurpanov Kossman was heard groaning loudly in response to hearing Alexei's talk to speak in response "From what I remember regarding Eric is this:" 
Frowning he heard ahem again and felt the headache followed by a female voice speaking in his mind “Your Majesty, time grows short. The people are eagerly awaiting their ruler, the Sun Lord to make an appearance as oath.” 
Eric exhaled a breath as he left the coffin containing Brianna walking down the steps as the headache left him. He sniffed his nose feeling the tubes inside his nostrils of the breathing device with tubes going behind his ears leading to a thin hand sized box attached to his underwear shorts on his waist underneath his clothes as he sucked air keeping his rages away on a permanent basis. Frowning he went to the female and took the barrel shaped head cover mask which he placed on covering his head and face’s features showing no outlines or details then followed the two guards out of the room. Eric followed the guards to the elevator with two others in it that went up with the familiar humming sound. The elevator he felt stopped and opened revealing a large hallway with three open doorways in a row leading to an open ended balcony at the end of it. Frowning he walked out of the elevator following Jiang, a name of a guard as the other Highlanders followed. Reaching the doorways Jiang stepped aside and gestured with a hand. Eric stepped through one and reached the end of the balcony at the series of metal railings to see below was a vast crowd of people of different manoid species gathered outside standing surrounding a large square pool of water with scattered trees as far as his eyes could see. The crowd he saw waved their hands some clapping as he heard loud cheering like noises coming from them seemingly lengthy.
Kurpanov Kossman paused to stare at his hands on his lap with a frown while hearing nothing but silence from Alexei and Breaker only to see Breaker's hand touching his arm. 
He was seen appearing to grimace from the touch as to hear from Breaker's creepy voice "He's got that memory fully in mind along with another memory of Eric as Sun Lord meeting Kurpanov again on the island. Want me to tell you what he's seeing-"
Kurpanov Kossman interrupted sounding firm "I'll tell the story since you're keen on hearing it."
He spoke in response hearing silence from Breaker and Alexei after a pause "Eric as Sun Lord, sees widens his eyes and continues to stare at him as he feels a hand on his shoulder and looks up to see Kurpanov with hair down around his face and not in a messy ponytail staring at him with a range of emotions running through his face. Eric stands up to face his brother who lets go of his shoulder. Kurpanov speaks that he has been asking Merra information on Eric which she tells him what’s been going on in his life. Eric frowns as Kurpanov adds that Brianna has been doing the same asking Merra about family members living their lives off the ship while she was alive living with him on the ship. Eric stiffens hearing Kurpanov’s words as the Surrai adds that according to Merra, Brianna would cry tears after hearing news from her along with Eric himself never asking why she’s upset. Eric frowns as he recalls a memory of himself seeing a crying Brianna leave their quarters with him following her invisible to the gang plank which he ran and blocked her way appearing from his hidden state while angrily begging her not to leave him which he takes her arm and pulls her away with no fight from her. Eric is told by Kurpanov to come with him whom Eric follows through the forest to a wooden bridge over a river which both cross and reach the other side. He follows Kurpanov to a small clearing where in it are sticks forming three crosses with strings tightly wrapped around them sticking out of the grassy ground. He sees one of the cross sticks have a string tied in a bow and is in the middle of the cross sticks. Kurpanov talks that Eric’s mother Anya is their mother but they have a different father which Eric frowns hearing. Kurpanov adds that Anya carried both himself and Trevor at the same time but he was born first. Kurpanov continues that Trevor got sick rescuing his son he had with a Drainer female named Tia who’s his mate while on another world which the sickness killed him. Kurpanov adds that he had his Human children with the Surrai female Mal bury Trevor here. He ordered the Surrai and Human children to go through the gates to find mates which all of them did that with the Humans mostly coming back with other Humans wearing gonoid skin clothing as them. Eric frowns hearing Kurpanov’s talk as the Surrai pauses then continues speaking that a Surrai called Liam was the only Surrai who came back and adds that Liam had a Human like female with him named Lixa who had a son named Lix. Lixa according to Kurpanov got sick when Lix was barely his waist high so Liam took her through the gate and hasn’t returned which Merra says Liam is no longer on Terrania. Kurpanov continues that he talked to Merra about Kazak and the other Surrai why they hadn’t returned which Merra told him that several of the Surrai’s mates were Monarchs a species known for being medics and that their medicinal advances helped them survive living with their mates wherever they are. Kurpanov, Eric sees points to a stick next to the one with a bow on it and says that many suns later Kazak came stumbling through a gate and died held in his arms which he had to bury him there. Eric at the moment places a hand on Kurpanov’s shoulder as the Surrai continues speaking that the Human male he calls Anyan sitting on a log near the eater he met is his child the last one he fathered with Mal three suns before she passed away. Kurpanov pauses as Eric rubs the Surrai’s shoulder gently with a hand as Kurpanov continues that Mal before death slept on the surface above him sleeping in the ground and he came out to find her dead which he buried her himself and marked the stick with his hair string as a reminder of her there. Eric keeps his hand on Kurpanov’s shoulder as the Surrai with voice breaking speaks that he hasn’t been sleeping underground since Mal’s death and has been sleeping in one of the Humans’ huts in their camp because of the area reminds him of Mal’s death which he wants to forget the pain of it hurting him. Eric hears a rumble of thunder like noise and puts mask on while letting go of Kurpanov’s shoulder as the Surrai is silent. He again places a hand on Kurpanov’s shoulder as the Surrai again speaks that his Human children and their descendants are giving him a purpose to live despite being deathless as Eric himself. Eric stiffens hearing Kurpanov’s words as Kurpanov adds while rain begins to fall softly that Merra told him that Eric is deathless and she suspects himself is the same due to him outliving all of the Surrai, all the original Annukai and all of his Human children many suns before his last child Anyan was born. Eric frowns as Kurpanov paused then the Surrai speaks that Anyan is aware of his parentage and has been told by the Humans, the Annukai and himself stories about his mother and the Surrai including Kurpanov’s origins and his family which Anyan once he was old enough has been observed habitually each night for a period of time would sit next to the eater in the Surrai’s former sleeping spot appearing to be lost in thought before walking back to camp to sleep in a hut with the others-"
Kurpanov Kossman wound up interrupted to his disgust by the expression seen on his face via recorder by Alexei speaking "Eric must be wearing clothes to stand in the rain despite him having some poisonous status."
He's seen glared at Alexei in response feeling disgust take hold to give up that sound and shut his eyes. He felt Breaker's clawed hand resume touching his arm to again feel his mind scanned to grunt an annoyed sound and opened his eyes to glare.
Breaker spoke "Kurpanov takes Eric back to gate clearing taking bridge to there and watches Eric leave. Kurpanov goes to bridge meets Anyan on the way and hugs his son then together they go to the Humans’ camp to huts. Anyan goes into one which Kurpanov goes into another hut separated from the rest and he sleeps inside on top of blankets covering his form which he has dreams of Mal being alive and including dreams of her meeting Anyan at his current age-"
Kurpanov Kossman interrupted speaking "Kurpanov starts to feel himself depressed and dead inside. He doesn’t do much but sleeps in his hut too much and when he feels urges to go out walks out of it not acknowledging anything which his feet leads him to the graves and he kneels staring at Mal’s grave feeling himself not wanting to live but feels like he has to live for Anyan. Kurpanov doesn’t acknowledge anything around him and continues to kneel staring at Mal’s grave eyes blinking from time to time till his reverie is broken by the gates squealing new visitor which he gets up and walks to his hut to lie in and finds a female with blonde hair wearing a gonoid skin dress inside appearing to be asleep which he stares at while kneeling till he feels the deadness feeling stops and wails his anguish cries till they stop coming then lies down to wrap an arm around the female cuddling her and falls asleep. He dreams of a beach which he sees the female is there looking nervous which he tries to reassure her and learns from her that her name is Mina and she came from another world and that Merra told her to stay on this world Terrania just to save her life from people trying to kill her and her son on the other world. He doesn’t comment as she continues that Merra told her that her son is being cared for and that she’s upset having to stay on Terrania just to stay alive. Kurpanov introduces himself then hugs Mina with no protest from her as blackness arrives and he wakes up in his hut lying on his back with Mina’s head on his chest while she’s lying on her side. He feels himself alive again and no longer depressed as Mina wakes up looking nervous which he and her grip each other’s hands which he feels a charge of pleasure from then leads her out of the hut getting her to the others requesting them to assist her with living here. Kurpanov feels himself better allows the happy mood to show as he watches Mina learn the way of the camp life. He notices his son Anyan watching him and acknowledges it with a wave of hand then notices Anyan having a private talk with Mina who is frowning but sees her nod her head in agreement which he doesn’t press her when she goes to his hut at nightfall. He and Mina mate which he enjoys and senses her enjoying it then after he pulls out helps her put on her dress and puts blankets on her form while again cuddling with her while having a hand on her abdomen. He wakes up in the morning sensing that Mina has gone into can’t be waken sleep which Merra assures him that she’s expecting his child that is growing in her which will take a few suns to grow. Kurpanov lays Mina on her back and keeps vigil over her while alerting the others of her status which their healer sits in the hut with him after a few suns go by seeing Mina’s abdomen is so swollen. He watches as the healer examines Mina to pull out a baby girl he sees with shock is a Surrai female and then healer puts baby onto Mina’s chest for the baby to suck her nipples. He cuddles Mina and baby in his arms as Mina wakes up shocked which he sees that she is aware of the baby and they both hear Merra say to call the baby Malaja which they agree on. He sees Mina frown abruptly asks what was the matter which she tells him that Merra told her that her son Alisher’s father is on Terrania living with another race as their leader that is helping him with his internal problems along with having taken a mate which she adds that Merra warned her that Mason she names is still struggling with internal problems and isn’t ready to meet her yet but Merra adds that she’ll be sure to tell Mason about her when the time is right-"
He's seen cut himself off without any interruption and gave Alexei a glare while adding "Can I sleep now or what?"
He faked another yawn only to find Breaker speaking in response "Hmph seems like Kurpanov or Eric here is seeing something nasty involving Terrania's Kurpanov hence he itching to sleep it off."
Kurpanov Kossman removed Breaker's clawed hand and gave a loud Hmph sound only to get Alexei speaking "Eric, just tell me what's wrong."
Kurpanov Kossman heard groaning spoke in response the memory fully in mind "Kurpanov is kneeling in front of Mal’s grave staring at it only to feel a stinging pain on his arm along with hearing a familiar sound that reminds him of a dart gun looks to see the bushes rumble showing Highlanders wearing some uniform that fire their guns which he hears are dart guns and roars of pain very loudly from that and passes out unconscious. Kurpanov wakes up by fist connecting with his face jerks open his eyes seeing that he’s chained to the wall to hear a voice sounding sneering speaking in Basic to him the contents of his mind which he sees the speaker is a Highlander and continues to hear what’s in his mind is spoken while mentally sensing Eric can see this scene partially looks away and speaks to Eric to do something about this situation hears a what spoken from the male followed by foreign language hears dart guns going off passes out unconscious to come to still chained but mouth is covered and figures from senses blaring that Eric is nearby and coming nearer and figures from senses cued towards his brother that he’s angry about something and gives off muffled talk trying to talk Eric down from his anger who arrives into view followed by the Highlander and guards which he continues his muffled talking as Eric goes up to him grabbing his head and passes out unconscious from that. Kurpanov comes to waking up feeling himself still chained but its around his ankle breaks off the chain and senses Eric is still in the vicinity somewhere else which he mentally uses his powers to create a gate doorway through the cave entrance and comes to find Eric on the floor of some private room which he tells him off about not retaliating for scratching him on the chest and to cut the attitude which he sees Eric gets it leaves through the doorway to enter through the familiar cave room and feels weak sits down back leaning against the wall feeling too tired to stand or do anything till the familiar Highlander arrives with several guards pulling a female form he sees is Mina and they thrust her towards him which he grabs to only get kissed on the lips by her and hears a gunshot sound followed by Mina becoming limp in his arms sensing no life from her and hears from the Highlander a comment of Han’s Syndrome will be a fitting punishment for that stunt his brother pulled punching him in the stomach. He doesn’t comment in response as two of the guards haul Mina away out of the cave room which he uses his powers to bury the Highlander’s feet mentally saying that he’ll bury him while hearing foreign language spoken in shouting tones from one of the guards and hears the Highlander speak something followed by a gunshot sound which he passes out unconscious to come to finding himself underground in the Surrai sleeping spot feels confused as to how he got there till memories spill in his mind of the guards shooting him in the chest and him appearing to be dead followed by them dumping his body in Americania at their capital city’s airport which he continues to dream of Anyan transported by Merra to the hospital that meets Monarchs which his son demands for Kurpanov’s body while talking about some island boarded by Shonsurran troops that Kurpanov was living on and that the Shonsurrans took the Humans living there as slaves ignoring their offspring leaving the offspring to defend for themselves and that other species living on the island managed to keep the Shonsurrans from getting access to other parts of the island that is separated by a river. He continues to dream of Anyan given his body which Merra transports them both to the island and sees that the Annukai have dug a hole in the ground in the Surrai sleeping spot which his body is dumped into the hole and dirt placed over it along with entirely covering it which the dirt reacts changing into the Surrai sleeping way which he passes out unconscious and comes too with rage running through him to thrust himself out of the ground and kneels giving off roaring sounds very loudly and doesn’t seem to notice anything around him till hands Human like touches his head in a grip and he jerks from that only to feel himself screaming from the pain of his head hurting continues to scream till the hands stop its hold and he slides to the ground to go under into the Surrai sleeping spot to pass out unconscious. Kurpanov dreams of himself walking in a forest that seems alien to him and not familiar goes around a tree to spot the familiar Highlander is standing in a clearing looking confused and looking around which he feels rage backs up to hit the tree only to feel the tree has a manoid body that is hugging him which he calms down from his angry feeling to back off eyeing the manoid to see with shock that its Trevor who speaks to him to get over his anger period or he won’t have what he wants the most back which he calms down entirely and comes to getting himself out of the ground to stand around noticing that the Highlander is lying nearby on the ground moaning loudly which he picks up the male and hauls him to a gate getting an image of a place in his mind and travels through it entering a bedroom putting the male onto the bed and opens the door backing up as guards come into the room firing guns at him that sound like dart guns to him and feels multiple needle darts all over which he hits the ground passing out unconscious to come to feeling himself chained in a standing position along with something like a cup is brought to his lips which he tastes the substance to realize that its not his water drink refuses to drink more of it by spitting it out and bringing his head away from it along with throwing up abruptly. Kurpanov hears foreign language suddenly finds himself understanding what their saying as in saying that the poison isn’t taking in this Surrai’s system despite putting it in him through injection or through mouth due to that his body is expelling it which he raises his head opening his eyes with a glare on his face to find the familiar Highlander is there with some kind of difference to him along with seeing the male’s eyes are narrowed with a glare in them and sees other guards are there as well with one holding a cup and gets a headache along with seeing an image in his mind of a male Highlander wearing odd clothing he identifies as Shuen Jiang but figures isn’t Shuen Jiang himself but someone else and glares at the Highlander who speaks sounding angry that someone figured out how to keep Highlanders out of Kurpanov’s he names mind by mind scanning only and that they would have to touch him skin to skin for reading his mind which he doesn’t want to do is touching him would bring bad luck to the person due to someone tried that stunt on Claws and Claws retaliated by raping the someone’s female relative who wound up with offspring and he’s a descendant from that offspring in question which he senses that the Highlander isn’t kidding about it by the voice tone refrains from showing any emotion on his face instead stares at the male while feeling the headache stop which he senses is a way of his mind saying that its being scanned. Kurpanov forms a glare on his face glaring at the Highlander who continues to talk that that its not fair that his family was humiliated for the rape which the mockery continued and stopped when a family member changed their original name and made it seem like their family line passed out along with ordering others who knew of their original family name assassinated and that the Empress recently found out about it despite his attempts to keep it hidden from her and has refused to have anything to do with him or let him rule Shonsurra instead has used his blood drinking status due to formerly holding the Hades title to kick him out of position out of the castle and away from their son the heir who followed her view but their other son has shown a half hearted view towards both of them including some loyalty to the Sun Lord himself and has repeatedly kept up the half hearted view instead of showing full loyalty. Kurpanov remembers Shuen Jiang telling him about Eric after finished being Claws is that Eric would have programming in him if any of Claws’ former victims or descendant of them spoke the word Claws in Eric’s face he would instantly remember what was done to them as Claws and figure out how to pay back for the wrong committed. Kurpanov speaks out loud as the Highlander pauses sounding firm to speak the word Claws in his brother Eric’s face and Eric would instantly remember what he did to that person’s family member regardless of them descendants of the person. He cuts himself off hearing a growling sound from the Highlander who speaks still speaking in foreign language but he understanding his words that he didn’t see what Kurpanov was talking about in his mind when he scanned him or in the mind of the Sun Lord when he scanned him by touching him skin to skin. Kurpanov feels angry breaks off the chains and hears gun cocking sounds which he speaks sounding angry to the Highlander a comment about this being the thanks he gets for helping the Highlander himself with a problem as in finding him sick on the ground in some forest and got him to someplace where he could get medical help and the Highlander is paying back the thanks by trying to poison him and treating him rudely instead of listening to him trying to help him with his problem of Claws and says that he was responsible for the creation of Claws and should do what it takes to help people clean up Claws’ messes he left for him to fix and aims to start with that Highlander talking about Claws raping a family predecessor to get with child and family suffering humiliation from that which he knows of a way for Eric to give back payment towards that Highlander and family for that stunt and insists that the Highlander come with him to his home island through a travel gate way and will arrange for a meeting with Eric to give the payment for the stunt he played as Claws and wants this fixed now and doesn’t give a care if they don’t believe him on his words for he’s going to do what it takes to get this meeting to happen on his home territory period. Kurpanov glares at the Highlander who looks nervous till he hears one of the guards speaking calling him Emperor and that he should take up Kurpanov’s offer period and they insists on him doing it. He mentally orders a gate to form in the cave doorway and marches up to the Highlander Emperor he assumes taking the male’s arm who doesn’t resists only senses nervousness from him and hauls him through the powers formed gate to find themselves coming out of a gate on Surrai island which he keeps a firm grip on the Highlander’s arm leading him through the forest to an eater in the vicinity to see Eric dump a body form into the eater and see the eater burn the body to ashes as he pauses them both then hauls the Emperor towards Eric halting them near Eric who turns around looking at them and releases his hold on the Highlander’s arm who speaks the word Claws. He sees Eric form a grimace on his face bent down putting hands on his face and appears to be like that lengthy followed by straightening up his form with shock in his face and eyes. Kurpanov listens as the Highlander speaks to Eric, him getting the words saying that his real name is Takahiro Murakami but taken up the name of Akihito Takahashi along with a situation regarding Claws raping a female predecessor named Mei Lin and that the Emperor caught Claws doing it but didn’t listen to a male predecessor named Takahiro who pleaded to keep his mouth shut about the situation instead blabbed it and that people mocked Takahiro’s family with humiliation and shame. He continues to listen as Takahiro he assumes he’ll call him speaks that the name of Takahashi was taken up to hide the family from shame and that the last known relative a human named Megan was known to protest the humiliation to the Emperor and other high born was poisoned to death and others who knew of the Murakami family were assassinated along with records saying that the family line had ended with Megan’s death. He continues to hear Takahiro talk while noticing a male with scaly skin with a Human head appearance looking like a Hadean without the mask when actually a Zeskaya, holding a sword weapon nearby and notices the Highlander seems to notice him and identifies the male as one of his twin sons with one son being a Highlander the heir and the other being the male dubbed Akihito. He comments to Takahiro to confess what else he’s done period and continues to listen as Takahiro confesses to poisoning Eric’s son he names as Eric Junior due to a Felidae came up to him and told him to do it due to that it was prophesied and have Hades give Eric Junior the title just to make a legendary male named Nikolas reborn within him. He doesn’t comment to that keeps his mouth shut as Takahiro continues to admit to being responsible for ordering the poisoning of Lia Victorian Kossman and her son as revenge against Eric being Claws playing a stunt against his family predecessor and suffering from that and that Lia’s mate a descendant of Eric, through sibling, mind was easily scanned revealing him the descendant family line died of a medical ailment he had nothing to do with and that Lia and son avoided being poisoned till his son Akihito was full grown and having the hidden state ability known was the hand that poisoned them which the poison was slow to take affect but killed Lia but her son would be wheelchair bound. Kurpanov notices that Eric seems angry buries his feet into the ground and sees Eric catch Akihito’s sword aimed at his neck by hand grabbing it in a tight grip and sees the male have trouble getting his sword free. He watches as Eric raises a hand fisted while glaring at Takahiro and hears a male voice sounding like Merra version in a male tone to him speaking in his mind to order Takahiro to scan Eric’s mind for the payment that Eric demanded to pay Takahiro is in his mind and make sure that the Highlander does it period. Kurpanov sees Eric lower his hand while hearing Takahiro speaking in foreign language him getting ordering Akihito to stand down and leave Eric alive and sees Eric free the sword only to get Akihito behind him swinging the sword at him which Eric ducks. He uses his powers to tie up Akihito who snarls angrily that he’ll have his revenge for that humiliation and wants honor of death as payment only to get interrupted by Takahiro speaking the name of Akihito in a firm tone. Kurpanov speaks to Takahiro to scan Eric’s mind and that the payment is there and he’s not going to say what it is only that Takahiro should do it to find out what it is. He watches as Takahiro goes to Eric putting a bare hand freed from glove onto Eric’s cheek seemingly length and sees Eric get annoyed by expression on the face and senses Eric is resisting mentally uses his powers to get Eric’s wrists caught by tree limbs coming from the ground holding his arms down in place. He sees Eric wave his head trying to get Takahiro’s hand off but the Highlander isn’t budging from that and watches as Eric jerks his head up shutting his eyes and opening his mouth making motions of screaming to him while not giving out a sound as Takahiro releases his hold on Eric’s cheek to walk towards him. Kurpanov eyes Takahiro who speaks in foreign language to Akihito which he gets it the words ordering his son to take him to the travel gate and transport the both of them to the Empress’s location for he wants to have a word with Marisaki with her attitude towards the both of them and will see that she drops this rudeness towards the both of them period and will do what it takes to get her to drop it even if it means loss of life as well. Kurpanov walks up to Takahiro getting an idea of threatening civil war to the Empress and her supporters if they don’t drop that rude attitude of humiliating the Murakami family who is in hiding and is fed up with the attitude and will do what it takes to get people to drop it even committing civil war as a result due to that the Emperor is a descendant of the family in hiding and slams his hand onto the Highlander’s cheek forcing the male to stare at him sensing his mind scanned and sees the idea is fully in his mind and sees the Highlander’s eyes widen from shock from the idea seen and mentally speaks that Takahiro is in position to get people to drop the humiliation due to noticing the guards hanging around giving support to him by their attitude aimed at him after he confessed his secret of being part of the Murakami family that was humiliated due to what Claws did to a predecessor. He continues to mentally talk that he got the impression that the guards seemed to be very loyal to him and will support him judging by their attitude towards him after he did his confession and how they reacted to him freeing himself from the chains. He removes his hands and points a finger in one direction saying loudly that the gates is there and frees both Eric and Akihito noticing Takahiro’s son doesn’t make a move towards Eric instead flicks back the sword into his arm and folds his arms with a glare on his face. He watches Takahiro and Akihito leave through the bushes and eyes Eric to see Eric fall to kneel and curl into a ball hands on his face with grimacing seeing on the face and sees Eric disappear in a flash of light which he breathes deeply from that goes to sit down on the log feeling warmth from the eater and sees multiple Annukai ropes come down followed by Annukai that gather around him looking like their relieved to see him and he sees one of them is Anyan accompanied by a Human female with brown hair wearing gonoid skin dress and sees his son go up to him holding the female’s hand who looks nervous which he eyes and gets introduced as Kurpanov, father of Anyan and that the female is named Yellinnia mate of Anyan which he accepts by getting up to place hands on her shoulders and kisses her on the forehead then removes hands to place a hand on his son’s shoulder in a gentle grip saying a well done comment which he sees his son nod his head then resumes sitting down at the fire only to hear his son speak that sister Malaja after the capture of Kurpanov and his mate Mina escaped with Anyan swimming in the lake to the other side underwater entirely till they reached the shore and she like all the other offspring that either escaped or ignored by the Shonsurrans due to that the Shonsurrans weren’t interested in the offspring but the full grown Humans were sent through the gates by Annukai pushing them into them and he’s kept contact with Merra and her male mate Tank to his surprise on their status which they all reached the city of Atlanta appearing through various doorways into people’s hands who have raised them gladly without protest and that Malaja has been raised to be an athlete in some female sport called gymnastics also known as acrobats which she competed in the sport’s main event called Terrania Unity Games to help her fellow athletes competing as a team win the team title along with her winning some title called all around and he’s heard that it’s a historic win for her and the nation she competed called Americania where their city of Atlanta is capital and where the Sun Lord’s main residence currently is. He doesn’t comment feels himself a bit relieved to know that Malaja is ok but sad that Mina was killed off bows his head and frowns as Anyan asks him about Mina which he speaks in a broken voice that she was killed off in front of him due to sensing her die and no life sensed from her when she was killed in his arms. He hears from Anyan a not quite comment feels a hand on his shoulder that feels pleasant to the touch and sighs from that shutting his eyes and feels the female get onto his lap and kisses him onto the lips which he jerks open his eyes with shock running through him recognizing her as Mina who breaks off the kiss to see its her by the facial appearance and sees that she’s dressed as a Surrai by the looks of it and feels confusion running through him as to why she’s still alive hears a female voice sounding in his mind speaking saying hello Kurpanov and gets an image of the island from the air to stiffen from that to realize that the island is alive and a female living being and a life force that linked herself to him hence he having powers to manipulate anything on the island along with outliving Surrai life spans and life spans of his offspring including healing from being shot dead while underground exhales a breath through his mouth as Mina hugs him which he hugs back. He hears from Anyan that Shonsurra dumped her body in Atlanta to people there like they’ve been doing to bodies of Humans since slavery was started on Shonsurra enslaving the Humans and that they’ve kept up the dumping of Humans onto Americania’s city of Atlanta which people called Medics have managed to fix up the bodies’ damage out of respect to the dead before doing what they do to bodies of the dead which he went to there and got Mina and got her buried into the Surrai sleeping spot due to the Annukai insisting on it happened and she’s been underground for awhile till she came out recently and appears to have changed into a Surrai from the looks of her and she seems to be Mina entirely from certain questions asked about her life with her answering them expertly with full knowledge of Mina he knows that only Mina would know from private talks with her from time to time sometimes while in presence of Malaja hanging around. He doesn’t comment gets kissed on the lips again by Mina and hears Anyan say that that he has to be going for he’s going to show Yellinnia where to sleep and have a life with her which he doesn’t acknowledge continues to kiss Mina as he senses the presences of Annukai around him gone gently breaks off the kiss and lowers Mina onto the ground with him on top of her and feels her hand manipulating some area regarding her pants from the feel of it and copies her motions with his pants followed by her legs getting apart and enters her feeling himself getting more alive from being inside her sensing she’s Surrai from the feel while moving himself fully up to the hilt inside her and then feels himself expanding to rub her from inside without doing any thrusting motions along with feeling herself getting tighter around his sensitive part along with feeling her rubbing it and feels her legs lock around him something that doesn’t shock him for Mina did it to him when he mated with her in a Human form and feels charges of pleasure hitting him that makes him give off moaning sounds while hearing her doing the same which he feels himself expanded enough to give off a feeling of needing release jerks a thrust backward then forward then again still up to the hilt inside her puts hands around her back holding her in a tight hug with her doing the same and feels himself spill inside her seemingly lengthy as he gives off a loud roaring noise of victory while hearing nothing from Mina but her hug grip around him tighten along with her legs keeping him locked in position-"
Kurpanov Kossman gets interrupted "Disgusting way of mating that Kurpanov does with females!"
He glared at the speaker Alexei as he faked another yawn and shut his eyes only to feel Breaker's hand onto his arm. 
He jerked open his eyes with a glare and spoke "Just speak what you see in my mind and let me sleep now."
Kurpanov Kossman ignored Breaker felt mind scanning him as he resumed shutting his eyes and felt himself passing out unconscious while hearing snickering like laughter tones in his mind creeping him out.

Kurpanov Kossman woke up hearing a loud voice speaking in his mind "Wakey wakey, smarty. It's time for you to wake up!"
He groaned from the urge of sleepiness hitting him shook his head to shake it away and found his body stopped whining of pain to him to his relief. He felt himself grimy from lying in bed without a shower and made a motion to get up only to feel hands touching his shoulders pushing him down onto the bed into a lying position. Kurpanov Kossman found the hands belonged to Alexei who appeared from a hidden status he not shocked to see. 
He gave Alexei a glare in response as the male spoke "So anything else you remember regarding Eric hmm?"
Kurpanov spoke "I don't have any more memories of Eric other than what's floating around in my mind. It's too much time anyway."
"I have all the time in the world to hear from you" said Alexei who added "So talk now."
He spoke in response "Which story you want?"
He glared at Alexei in response who spoke "Just let me get a recorder to record your words."
He saw Alexei fade from view as he shut his eyes and mentally composed himself to tell Alexei his stories of what he remembered. Kurpanov didn't have long to wait as Alexei came into the room via doorway showing his form not hidden with a male orderly having a camera in hand that set it down onto a stand and placed it in front of his bed. 
He sighed feeling the familiar feeling of being filmed ignored it and waited as Alexei spoke "So tell me everything you remember now."
Kurpanov obeyed to speak the story with input from the Meritanians as claimed by him and overheard by the blaring of the big three eavesdropping. Kurpanov Kossman was observed to be peering pass the recorder aimed at him multiple times while reciting the story. It was found that Alexei was observed sitting down in an armchair behind the camera recording him and appeared to be busy listening to him verbalized Eric's life on Terrania including encounters with Kurpanov. He kept on speaking adding what he already said about Eric being Sun Lord ruler of Terrania as he kept on speaking.
Kurpanov Kossman found his efforts to sleep blocked by the Meritanians blaring in his mind each time he wanted to end the story they saying "You haven't said this part yet! So tell the story now!"
He was observed groaning loudly while hearing the Meritanians' blaring voice in his mind each time he felt like quitting they kept him on speaking it further. 
Kurpanov Kossman found himself able to sleep by the Meritanians blaring in his mind "You told enough! So sleep now!"
He obeyed to pass out unconscious despite hearing nothing else from Alexei or sensing the recording still recording him sleeping him appearing to not acknowledge it recording him sleeping. Kurpanov Kossman was further recorded via a recorder put in the ceiling that witnessed him woken up after feeling a hand shaking his shoulder. He found Mrs. Groundwater in the room still displaying her mean nasty look on her face that thrust him clothes and shoes onto his lap and jabbed a finger towards the bathroom.
He spoke "You sure I'm not allergic to water?"
Mrs. Groundwater in response spoke "Just avoid the shower and put on the clothes and shoes. You've stayed in bed long enough."
He groaned hearing the mean nasty voice of hers and without a word got up and went into the bathroom feeling himself clean all over the place instead of hit with griminess. He frowned but obeyed to get dressed into the clothes and then left the bathroom to find Mrs. Groundwater jabbing a finger towards the door to the room and ordering him out. He obeyed despite unsure of the clothes he found was dressed in gloves covering his hands, jeans, sneakers with socks and a red long sleeve top. He went to another room with Mrs. Groundwater following him and pushing and pulling him to go. 
She at arrival wound up handing him a thick booklet she speaking "Just fill in the questions with answers for there’s no right or wrong answer. Just your own opinion on things." 
Kurpanov Kossman watched via recorder in the ceiling wound up watching Mrs. Groundwater leaved opened booklet and tried to write right handed. He found the pencil isn’t comfortable by behavior. Tried his left hand and finds the pencil feels comfortable which he filled in the booklet’s questions. He discovers are asking for opinion on things which he finds weird but fills out the dots relating to the question. Once done he goes to the black board and with a shrug grabs the chalk and writes the name Eric left handed then writes the name Kurpanov followed by the last name Kossman all in a row. He stares at the names with a frown then below them writes the name Kurpanov Kossman which he circles with his chalk. 
He heard the door open and looked to see Alexei walking in which he speaks "I request you and the others to refer me as Kurpanov with Kossman as my last name if they don’t mind." 
Alexei speaks that "I don’t mind." then says "I'm here to get the booklet to have the answers examined if you, Kurpanov Kossman doesn’t mind." 
Kurpanov goes to the desk where the booklet is grabs it to toss it to Alexei who catches it and watches him leave the room which he sits down with hands on his forehead groaning softly. As he recalls memories according to the Meritanians mind scanning him at the time, as Kurpanov with shoulder length blonde hair pulled back in a messy tail and black pants wrapping around his feet and ankles that he couldn’t remove to take off no matter how he tried except he could yank apart the areas for sex and giving off waste along with the pants put back in place once done. Kurpanov feels tiredness puts arms on the desk and puts his head on his arms and falls asleep passing out unconscious. He wakes up to feel a purring feeling on his chest and opens his eyes to discover that he’s lying on a bed with the medical cat recorder sitting on his chest staring at him with unblinking eyes. He eyes the cat while feeling a stinging pain in his back which he feels himself hungry as the cat stands on him arching its back then walks off to his legs as he sits up. He hears the cat yowl some sounds while he is sitting up wearing a hospital gown with blanket covering his legs up to his waist. He sees a nurse come into the room pushing a cart who places a tray filled with dishes of food and silverware which he eats along with drinking from the cup. The nurse he senses puts part of the bed up for him to lean back which he does as the nurse removes the tray. 
He spoke "I'm feeling stinging pain in my back and wants to know what it is." 
The nurse spoke "It’s a tracking device implanted in the spine in the back hence the stinging pain which will go away soon." 
Kurpanov watches the nurse leaves and eyes the cat who curls into a ball and he groans feeling sleepiness arrive within him which he shuts his eyes leaning his head back falling asleep. Kurpanov according to subject mostly sleeps on and off while contained in the private room of the Zesky Asylum. He doesn't do much other than sleeping despite submitting to tests willingly. Kurpanov is told the results of the booklet say he wants to teach kids writing skills as a teacher which he seems fine with. He gets a job as a High School teacher in a town called Wethersfield in Connecticut teaching writing skills to High School kids. He has a mute female student in one of his period classes who is named Cassidy Trent a female who’s a freshman and sees that she has a sign language interpreter, later identified as Horus aka Jinks Montreal himself, who voices what she says as he teaches the class. He on admittance once questioned after another trip to the hospital on his students and teaching, that Cassidy Holmes that she’s not Human despite her Asian Human appearance and blonde hair which he thinks she’s a Highlander with ears cut to make her look Human. He discovers that she has a father named Steve Trent who is the chief of the town police which he learns has a similar appearance as Cassidy but has short black hair. He learns from eavesdropping people around town’s talk that Trent is a blackmailer and has been letting his police force get away with some criminal activity along with himself doing it by blackmailing people to allow the police officers to get away with the crimes. He meets a female Human named Alia Tenny who he has sexual relationship with and learns from eavesdropping that her brother named James Tenny is a police officer of the force who is oddly seen as a good cop for he has yet to do any criminal activity. Kurpanov Kossman, one night while having sex with Alia as seen via hidden recorder on the ceiling in the stairwell appears to doesn’t hold himself back, sexes her to carry a child which they go to the bedroom to continue more mating and are surprised to see James in there who is mad. James threatens to shoot Kurpanov which Alia takes the bullet in her arm by getting in the way. James, Kurpanov sees takes off and Kurpanov manages to get himself and Alia dressed to call the medical personal who come and wrap up Alia’s arm for the bullet went clean thru it hitting the wall behind her then tell her to take it easy with the arm which she seems to accept. Kurpanov asks Alia a question if she is really mating with him to spite people or for a baby which she bursts into tears and refuses to answer the question. He tells her to hold off on the sex for the baby to take hold inside her if she wants this as long as the medical personal says for her to wear the arm sling which is seven days. He gets Alia to bed and holds her as she continues crying her tears then falls asleep which him holding her which both are seen falling asleep. 
The next day, Kurpanov goes to the police station after school and confronts an angry James Tenny which both get in a fist fight and James pulls out his gun which Kurpanov blocks him from shooting at him. Gun goes off while their fighting and he hears a loud groan sound from behind which James breaks off the fight to swear profanities as Trent on the floor with hand on his knee and a glare on his face. Kurpanov is ordered out by another officer who leaves to the library to see Alia working there who seems a little happy to see him by grabbing him and kissing him on the lips with her hands on his cheeks. Kurpanov goes to school the next day to teach and learns that he has been chosen for an award, another manipulating by the High Council to see what this Kurpanov Kossman looks like, which the principal is going to announce at a rally assembly after school which he shows up for and sees Trent and James Tenny including another officer there. He is told the award something involving perfect attendance which he accepts then is interrupted by Highlanders walking in the room with a Human male who flashes a FBI badge to Trent who pulls out his gun pointing it at the Human as the other officers does the same. He keeps his mouth shut as he hears a gunshot sounds and sees Trent drop his gun crumbling up onto the floor as he sees shocked expression on an officer’s face whose gun was aimed at where Trent was standing. The FBI guy announces to the crowd that Trent had it coming for abusing his position. Kurpanov Kossman keeps his mouth shut as medical personal putting Trent onto a stretcher bed and hauled him out of the gym room followed by the FBI guy and the Highlanders. Kurpanov after that goes home meets Alia there who hands him test results showing that she’s carrying which he sees that she’s happy about and he finds that he feels happy about it too. 
End File

Jason the new leader of the Zesky Asylum paused from reading the file as described to him regarding Kurpanov Kossman. He found Kurpanov Kossman standing in front of him while clad in his familiar outfit of a business suit without a tie and gloved hands standing there in front of his desk. Breaker, he sensed was standing nearby hiding using some tech he claimed to have for hiding in plain sight, as his bodyguard. 
Jason formed a sneer and spoke "So what do you have to say regarding your defense Kurpanov Kossman as you call yourself now?"
He glared with a sneer and waited as Kurpanov spoke in response sounding twin to Alexei to his confusion "Just put me in a high school where I can teach students ages fourteen to eighteen how to use the Summeran language, regarding how to write it down. Your report you just read out loud to me involved terrible language in Summeran that must be corrected."
Jason gave up a sound of disgust and tossed aside the file onto the desk. 
He noticed the scattered papers arranging themselves as he glared a Kurpanov and spoke "Something you want to admit regarding this Alia having your offspring hmm? The file doesn't say anything else than that."
He formed his familiar sneer and waited as Kurpanov spoke in response "Alia had a male offspring that wound up having some Surrai looks involving the legs and feet involving pants that aren't removable. He went insane once fully grown and got the notice of the High Council-"
Jason interrupted giving off a sound of disgust which Kurpanov kept on speaking ignoring the noises "The High Council managed to get him addicted to some kind of medicine involving a breathing device to help cure his lunacy which he paid them back by doing some assassination work for them. They still have him contained at the moment once it was obvious his addiction was taking control of him. As far as I know of he's still alive contained by them-"
Jason interrupted "Anything else you want to admit? Your voice is seemingly indicating it."
He formed a glare hoping it was twin to Jason's familiar glaring stare as Kurpanov spoke in response "The High Council said they'll put me into a teaching position at a school for their assassins to go to. Just to have servants appropriately aged, learn how to write in Summeran and pass off undercover as students, finding others, talents worthy of doing assassinations."
Jason formed a disgusted expression on his face. He felt the familiar needle digging into his neck from behind. He ignored the pain to recall that one of the hidden had a sense cued towards him to figure out when he was about to throw a hissy fit as the Meritanians, Ramses, Erra and Terra called his rages. He ignored the needle felt injected into his neck from behind via a hidden Ghost walker in a Zeskaya form as they were dubbed now in some evolving status. 
Jason spoke in response "Anything else?"
He formed a glare with his golden eyes and found Kurpanov shaking his head into a no gesture followed by hearing blaring in his mind, Breaker's voice "Get him out of the room and out of the Zesky Asylum now. He overstayed his visit."
Jason aka Eric Zesky, himself spoke in response "Get out of here now Kurpanov Kossman. Meritanians if you're interested transport him out now!"
He found Kurpanov disappearing into a light show to groan while shaking his head and rubbing a hand over his forehead. He heard a soft whining squeal sound and sensed himself filmed abruptly to find Breaker in sight with arms folded glaring at a masked High Council member servant holding a familiar tubal device indicated of recorder in hand. 
Eric spoke in response "What's up with that trash doing in my office?"
He got an eye roll from the Highlander while hearing an ahem sound as he noticed the High Council's servant kept jerking his head towards Breaker. 
He frowned as Breaker spoke in response using his creepy voice tone "The High Council wants you to confirm the story Kurpanov Kossman told to Alexei via recorder you read via file for their recording purposes."
Eric formed a disgusted expression on his face as he spoke "I'm not speaking to that thing that trash is holding."
He glared at the High Council's servant to find another light flash show appear followed by a female form with ears of a Human and wearing twin clothes holding a device in her hand via handle. He frowned as the female with black hair and intense blue Human eyes seen despite a mask on covering her face, unfolded the device and began making odd noises onto it while having her fingers onto it.
Eric spoke "What's that thing she's doing with her fingers and that noise?"
He got a throat clearing noise from the female High Council servant as he heard from Breaker "That thing is a laptop another computer that has a program for her make noises via her fingers to type down what she hears from you and whoever around here. I suspect that she's typing what I'm saying."
He found the male servant disappearing in a light show to groan softly and without a word picked up the file only to get Breaker snatching it out of his hands and speaking "She's the source of making a typed copy of that file as she tells me via her mind talk to me. So talk and confirm what the file said, she'll type down including anything else your not admitting too hmm?"
Eric sighed softly and again felt the familiar needle into his neck as he found Breaker adding "The High Council requests you to talk your story as a payment for giving you the medicines to help your terrible rage episodes."
He formed a sneer and got from Breaker thumping down the file and adding "Just humor the High Council with your story now. Their in the mood of having people's stories down for their records. Humor them anyway."
Eric sighed again and without a word spoke in response his story he hearing the female typing it down rapid fire pace her appearing to get his words down "Eric walked in the hallway escorted by armed riot geared guards three males wearing black clothing that appeared to be body armor while having long guns in their hands as he walked surrounded by them wrists locked together in handcuffs."
Eric's Story Book One continues the story.
