Eric Book 1
Copyrighted Beth Hoyer 2012
Published at Smashwords
This eBook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This eBook may not be resold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this eBook with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.

Part One: Earth

Chapter one 
Eric walked in the hallway escorted by armed riot geared guards three males wearing black clothing that appeared to be body armor while having long guns in their hands as he walked surrounded by them wrists locked together in handcuffs. The hallway was sky blue all around with round lights jutting from the ceiling. He frowned as he saw three figures walking towards him in a fast pace. He could see the figure a female was wearing medical scrubs with an object on a thick cord around her neck and was escorted by two orderlies in male forms wearing white clothing with masks covering the lower half of their faces with always having some dark tanned skin color and short black hair with a white skunk streak in the middle despite not looking like a hair part outline to him having brown eyes that always looked unkind to him. He frowned seeing the orderlies had guns in their hands that always gave off syringe darts as they walked towards him.
Reaching him the female spoke “The One has requested a picture of Eric by camera.”
He stared at the female who held up the round cylinder boxy object in her hands as his guards turned him sideways back to the wall which the female stood in front of him putting the object in front of her face. He formed a nasty look on his face and bared his teeth while hearing a click sound and blinked his eyes as a flash of light came from the object. Eric jerked from the light’s blinking glare and felt a stinging pain in his chest which he looked down to see a long thin cylinder object sticking in it while feeling sleepiness. He felt his knees becoming weak and looked down at the black floor and saw it rushing up to meet him which he felt a coldness feeling touching his cheek and he closed his eyes falling unconscious.

Chapter two
Eric woke up feeling the familiar motion of a helicopter he was in while wearing an oxygen mask on his face covering only his nose and mouth areas. He found himself lying on a bed still wearing a jumpsuit with wrists of his gloved hands covering his pointed finger nailed clawed hands said to give off deadly poison if he scratched people, handcuffed together. Sitting besides him on both sides were two figures male and female, both Human wearing paramedic uniforms sitting next to the bed. He looked around with confusion and saw the male paramedic look at him with a grimace look on his face.
He saw the male paramedic put on a headset with a microphone attach and speak words he overheard “Change of plans Eric is awake despite breathing the sleepers. Set motion for plan B.”
He frowned hearing the paramedic’s words as he saw the female reach over and yanked off the oxygen mask off his face which he exhaled air breathing deeply. He saw the paramedic yank off the headset and shake his head as he stared at him. Eric felt the helicopter hover then went slowly down and landed with a thump like vibration followed by the helicopter’s vibrations stopped.
Eric saw the male slid open the door getting out as the female besides him spoke “Eric, get out.”
He got up from the bed and got out of the helicopter with the help of the male as the female got out behind him. He looked to see a tall metal fence humming of electricity a few footsteps away with a gate and behind it was a brick building that towered over the gated fence. He frowned as the paramedics led him towards the gate where a metal like box on a stand was seen in front of it. Reaching the box the female opened it like a door showing a screen with buttons in it.
The female typed the buttons as the screen flashed showing colors and Eric heard her speak “Paramedic Janie Conway and partner Paramedic James Jones here escorting Hybrid Eric.”
The screen went blank as red lights on top of the gate flashed as it slid opened showing a gated hallway leading towards double doors ahead. Eric felt the paramedics push him to walk which he obeyed walking towards the double doors which the male yanked open showing an all white hallway with black domes in the ceiling. He frowned as the paramedics escorted him inside walking down the hallway which curved to the right and ended with a black wall with a console in the white wall.
Eric stood as the male went to the console putting his hand on it while speaking words “James Jones password army brat.”
He felt a rumbling vibration along with seeing red lights flashing from the ceiling as the black wall slid open showing another hallway that curved to the right with doors in the walls with consoles next to them. Eric felt himself pushed by Janie as the group walked into the hallway and escorted to a door which she pressed some buttons on the console and the door slid open showing a small all white room with a brown bench jutting from the wall.
He heard Janie speak as she took the handcuffs off of him with a key “In you go, Eric. Don’t worry you’ll be let out soon.”
He walked inside the room and heard the door slid shut behind him as he went to sit on the bench with a frown on his face. He jerked fisting his hands as he felt the familiar feeling of the rages an uncontrollable rage of anger arrive billowing throughout him and shut his eyes, gritting his teeth while growling loudly. He abruptly stood up as he shook from the rages his face in a grimace. Eric exhaled and inhaled air through his mouth as he felt the rages leave him and unclench his hands opening his eyes panting for air. Groaning he again sat down on the bench staring at the door which slid open revealing a figure covered in a thin hazardous suit with a black face plate mask on where the face was on the head. He stared at the figure that held up an erasable pad in one covered gloved hand and a marker in the other hand. He frowned as the figure wrote words on the pad and turned it around holding it for him to read.
The words said “Welcome Eric to the Hybrid prison.”
He frowned some more as the figure turned the pad around and erased the words with a gloved hand and then continued to write words once finished held the pad up.
Eric read “Come with me while I’ll show you where you’re to stay. You’ll be able to meet the other Hybrids at a later time.”
The figure backed out gesturing with the pad for him to follow as Eric stood up and walked out following the figure walking down the curve of the hallway. The curve passage opened to Eric’s surprise to reveal a large hallway with metal brown doors with small square windows in them with touch pad consoles besides them on both sides of the hallway. He saw brown double doors at the end of the hallway as he followed the figure to an open doorway that stopped and gestured with a marker held hand. Eric walked inside and heard the sound a door sliding closed behind him followed by a humming sound. Frowning he looked to see he was in a small rectangular room with white walls and facing him in front of a wall was a metal like dresser with three drawers. He saw a mattress lying on the floor on his right side with a pillow on top and a thick blanket folded besides it. Eric looked to see also on his right side besides the door jutting from the wall was a sink with faucets and a toilet next to it. Exhaling air he went to the dresser and yanked open a drawer to see white clothing he saw was a t-shirt and shorts with sandals next to it and another pair of shorts in the color red appearing to be out of smooth material which he assumed was a bathing suit. Sighing he closed the drawer and opened the middle drawer which he saw had a flannel red thick top and flannel red thick pants with thick black socks and black booted shoes. Then he closed the drawer and bent to open the third drawer which he saw had two thick folded materials which he recognized were blankets. Eric closed the drawer to straighten up as he felt tiredness arrive within him. He sighed and went to the mattress picking up the folded blanket which he unfolded and laid down putting the blanket up to his chest. He adjusted the pillow with his hands fluffing it and placed his hands back underneath the blanket and closed his eyes letting sleep over come him.

Chapter three
Eric jerked his eyes open with annoyance to see the fluorescent lights on overhead on shining brightly as the door to the cell slid open by its own.
Groaning he threw the blanket over his head and heard a beep sound followed by a male voice loudly speaking “All new Hybrids are to go to the cafeteria immediately.”
This was followed by another beep sound as Eric yanked the blanket off his form and got up from the mattress. He walked out of the cell to see the other cell doors were open. Frowning he walked to one of the open cell doors and peered inside to see it was the same interior as his cell. Shaking his head of confusion he went to the double doors and pushed them open walking through them to stand staring at a large room with tables and benches attached to them scattered around with doors in the walls. On his left side to the door lining one wall was a set of boxy machines that hummed some loud sound and there was a table with multiple people he could see sitting while eating and drinking as the doors slammed closed behind him with a bang sound. The people, he saw were humanoids like him, males like he was and females around his aged appearance all wearing identical blue jumpsuits that paused from their actions to look at him with range of emotions on their twin colored to him light tanned skin faces surrounded by twin colored to his silky smooth black hair that were of various lengths despite his hair being on the short side. He stiffened seeing almost all of them had golden Human eyes like him while one he saw had brown eyes with short hair with one wearing thick goggles on the face covering the eyes and spiky shorter hair. He saw a female get up walking towards him and stiffened with shock of recognition seeing his younger sister Ionela.
He stared at her as Ionela reached him and she spoke “Eric, recognize and remember me?”
He spoke “Baby sister Ionela.”
Ionela spoke “Big brother Eric so nice to see you again.”
He sighed softly as Ionela wrapped her arms around him and he did the same hugging her.
Then brother and sister let go as Ionela spoke “You must be hungry so let me show you how to get food and drink from the machines. I’ll introduce you to the others.”
He followed Ionela towards the row of machines sitting covering one wall and followed her worded instructions on getting food and drink from them along with a tray, utensils, dishes and cups for them. Eric kept his face in a neutral expression as he carried the tray following Ionela to the table where the others scooted around making room for him to sit next to his sister who sat down.
He sat and began eating his food with a spoon in his left hand as Ionela next to him spoke “Hybrids, this is my older brother Eric who I was telling you about.”
He saw shocked expressions on their faces while hearing chorus of scattered “Welcome Eric.”
Ionela he saw pointed to each person and said their names. Eric nodded his head of at each introduction as he ate his food. The Hybrids he saw resumed eating and drinking in silence. Once finished with his food and drink he copied the Hybrids putting away their trays on top of a machine with dishes and utensils placed into a boxy machine dubbed by Ionela the dishwasher and sighed loudly as he stood with arms folded. He watched as the Hybrids went to sit at different tables, males at one table with females at another table gathered around a male with goggles covering his eyes on his face he heard was named John was sitting. He heard a throat clearing noise and looked at his left to see a male he heard named Kurt similar height as himself with brown eyes standing besides him while feeling a headache. Eric groaned from the headache as he placed a hand on his forehead grimacing. He felt the headache leave him and lowered his hand.
Kurt spoke “Ionela told us a lot of things about you including your Hybrid conditions.”
Eric stared at him with a frown as Kurt continued “A word of warning, see John there sitting among the girls? He beat every one in a fight using his tall height as an advantage and has declared himself leader of us. Be warned he likes to boss us, Hybrids around and won’t hesitate to use his fists if we displease him. So be careful of John, Eric.”
Eric spoke “I get your words, Kurt.”
He went to sit down at a table and eyed John appear to favor Ionela judging by how he had her sit next to him and by his behavior towards her. He kept an eye on them both due to figuring that it was best to do it from now on.

Chapter four
Eric sat on a white bench staring at the large rectangular pool below him. He frowned watching the others wearing bathing suits splash around and saw Ionela wearing a one piece bathing suit in the color red dive into the water off a diving board.
Groaning softly he sat till he sensed a figure sitting next to him and heard a voice speak “Eric why are you sitting here when you should be swimming with us?”
He looked to see the Hybrid called Steve sitting next to him wearing a bathing suit shorts and a towel wrapped around his neck.
Eric spoke “Water will kill me like poison.”
He frowned as Steve spoke “Eric, the pool water is fine, nothing wrong with it. So get your bathing suit and join us.”
He narrowed his eyes as he repeated “Water will kill me like poison.”
Steve to his annoyance spoke “Come on, Eric, get in the pool and swim.”
He felt anger arrived as he spoke “I said water will kill me like poison.” 
He glared at Steve who stared at the pool before speaking “There’s nothing wrong with swimming. Get in the pool.”
He growled and stood up as Steve stood up blocking his way who spoke “The pool water is warm enough for swimming so get your bathing suit and swim.”
Eric felt his temper lose control and his right gloved hand shot out grabbing Steve by the neck lifting the Hybrid up dangling his feet.
He saw a shocked expression on Steve’s face who gagged loudly as Eric roared out “I said water will kill me like poison! Don’t ever ask me to swim again!”
Eric threw Steve in the air that went flying and watched as the Hybrid landed into the pool with a loud splash. Eric stormed from the pool room walking pass Kurt wearing a jumpsuit who gaped at him as he walked by the Hybrid. He stormed out of the pool room to the hallway and went to the doorway leading to outside which he stomped outside and charged at the metal gate letting his anger take control of him. Eric rammed himself into the metal gate roaring of anger as the sky above darkened turning grey unnoticed by himself. He felt a hand on his shoulder and spun around to face Kurt he saw as the rages arrived. His eye sight clouded up with whiteness as he saw a dark blue moment of a figure with details not clear to him in front of him and struck out his hand grabbing the figure by the neck as a headache arrived to his head. He lifted up the figure to dangle their feet as the headache persisted and he shut his eyes grimacing of pain while putting his other hand on his forehead groaning loudly. He opened his eyes as the headache left him to see him holding Kurt above him with a hand on his neck. Sighing he lowered Kurt down to the ground till his feet were touching it and let go of the Hybrid’s neck.
Kurt he watched coughed and then spoke “Eric, can we go inside now?”
Sighing Eric went to the entrance of the building followed by Kurt. Once inside the rains fell hard as Kurt behind him slid the door closed.
He walked in the hallway towards the double doors to the cafeteria and heard Kurt speak from behind him “I know that water can kill you so I got you inside before the rain fell. You owe me a favor for that.”
Eric folded his arms turning around to glare at Kurt who continued speaking “I want you to defeat John in a fight and take leadership of us.”
Eric spoke “How do you expect me to defeat someone who’s taller and bigger than me?”
Kurt replied “You grabbed me by the neck and lifted me up like I weighted nothing. I saw you in the swimming pool room do the same to Steve who was annoying you about getting you to swim despite you telling him about water killing you. You grabbed Steve by hand on his neck lifting him up while standing from the benches area and threw him high in the air which he landed in the pool.”
He spoke with sarcasm “So I got great strength which I think John probably has from defeating Hybrids when physically fighting them.”
Kurt spoke “Actually John defeats Hybrids by ramming himself onto the victim with his body, knocking them to the floor which he quickly gets up to a kneeling position using his fists on their face and stomach areas before the victim can get up from their lying position. He stops whenever they voice their surrender.”
Eric made a sound of disgust as Kurt paused from talking to stand next to him putting a hand on his shoulder.
He yanked Kurt’s hand off his shoulder as the Hybrid continued “I don’t think John has your brute strength or he wouldn’t be doing what he does to defeat us in fights.”
Eric opened his mouth to speak when he heard the intercom above turn on with a beep sound followed by a male voice speaking “All Hybrids to their cells now.”
Then there was another beep sound as Eric heard the intercom turn off.
He spoke “Looks like we’ll have to wait and see if I can defeat John.”
He heard a groaning sound from Kurt and walked down the hallway reaching the double doors that led to the cafeteria followed by the Hybrid. Eric groaned as he felt a headache come to his head and shook his head as he walked towards the double doors to the Hybrids’ cells. Groaning loudly he entered the hallway and reached his cell as he felt the headache leave him. Shaking his head he slid the door shut behind him and went to the mattress to lie down pulling the blanket over him as he shut his eyes.

Chapter five
Eric entered the cafeteria to see the others sitting at a table eating and drinking their foods. He went to get a tray and loaded up dishware filled with food then went to sit down next to Ionela at the table. Frowning he saw Kurt sitting across from him staring at him with narrowed eyes who turned his head and with a thrusting motion pointed his chin at John sitting at one end of the table with head down while eating and drinking. Eric exhaled air and began to eat his food. Once finished he followed the Hybrids to the dishwashing machine and deposited the tray and its items. Eric folded his arms and went to join the males sitting at one table while noticing Kurt’s eyes boring at him as the Hybrid turned his head thrusting his chin towards John sitting at the other table with the females around him. Eric growled to himself as he sat down with back to the table watching Ionela sitting next to John with a frown on her face. He kept his eyes on his sister who got up from the table followed by John towering over her who grabbed her arm speaking words unheard. Eric straightened up as he saw Ionela slap John on the face with a hand as the Hybrid let go of her arm. He narrowed his eyes seeing Ionela walk away and saw John charge at her from behind hitting her in the back with his body. Eric was instantly on his feet running towards the duo as he saw them hit the floor. He growled as he saw John get in a kneeling position as Ionela turned onto her back and began hitting her in the face and stomach areas with his fists. He fisted his hands as he reached the two and brought his fist into John’s face who jerked backwards. He with a roar grabbed John on the shoulders gripping the material of the jumpsuit and with a jerking motion threw him in the air that landed a great distance away onto his back. Eric stormed towards John who was shaking his head while groaning loudly. He reached John who's opened eyes he saw through the clear goggles on his face were showing a shocked look as he kneeled and grabbed the Hybrid’s head with his hands jerking him up head close to his.
Eric angrily spoke yelling “Don’t ever hit my sister or you’ll answer to me!”
He released John’s head and threw a fist into the Hybrid’s stomach who groaned loudly before lying back onto the floor shaking his head. Eric stomped towards Ionela lying on her back groaning loudly with her eyes closed.
He reaching her kneeled and placed a hand on her arm while speaking “Ionela, John won’t hit you again, I’ve seen to that. I’ll see to that he and anyone else won’t lay a hand on you for they’ll answer to me.”
He leaned down putting arms underneath Ionela’s back and legs and lifted her up while going into a standing position. He, holding her, turned around to glare at John lying on his side hands on his stomach area that had appeared to be in great pain. With a narrowed eyed look he went to the cafeteria doors and kicked the doors open with a foot, walking towards his cell where he carried Ionela inside.
Inside he laid Ionela down on the mattress and pulled the blanket over her form as he heard the intercom turn on with a beep sound followed by the familiar male voice speaking “All Hybrids are to go to their cells now.”
He went to the door and slid it closed and peered out the window to see Hybrids walking by followed by sounds of cell doors sliding shut. He saw John walking by groaning loudly hands on his stomach and heard a cell door slid shut. The lights above turned off as he with night vision seeing with clear eyesight in the color yellow while growling of anger he went to the wall and yanked off his gloves putting them in the pockets of the jumpsuit. He angrily brought his hands with snake like declared skin on them to the wall and made groves as he scratched the wall. Sighing he felt his anger leave him as he pulled out his gloves and put them on as he went to Ionela’s sleeping form and laid down next to her on his side eyes staring at her face which had a pained expression on it.
Eric spoke out loud “Ionela, I’ll see to it that you’ll be protected by me from anyone hurting you. That’s a promise I aim to keep forever.”
He closed his eyes as he heard the intercom turn on with a beep and heard “Alert! Hybrid Ionela not in cell! Find her!”
Eric heard a beep sound and opened his eyes to turn on his back. He stared at the door’s window and saw a face plate mask peering into the cell from the window outside the door in the hallway. He saw the face plate mask remove itself and which was followed by shiny metal sliding with a slam covering the window as smoke came out of a grate underneath the sink that billowed fogging the cell. He breathed the smoke and coughed violently as sleepiness arrived and closed his eyes going unconscious.

Chapter six
Eric jerked his eyes open with a growl as he sat up. He discovered himself in his cell alone lying on the mattress with the blanket on him. The cell door window he saw was open. Growling he got up to stand as the rages arrived clouding up his eyes sight with whiteness making him blind. With a roar he charged running forwards hitting the hard wall with his fists. He gave the wall several punches as the rages left him and his eyes sight went back to normal and he panted gulping up air. With a frown he went to the cell door and peered out the window to see two suited up figures in white standing in front of his cell door facing each other while moving their heads. He watched as they stopped moving their heads to turn them in a fast motion to stare at him peering through the window. Eric saw the door slid open and he backed up as the two figures went to stand in the doorway one of them writing on an erasable pad with a marker which the figure started writing words then held up the pad.
He read “Why was Ionela after a search found in your cell with you?”
Eric angrily spoke “She was hurt from John attacking her which I hit him for that.”
The figures he saw turned their heads to look at each other while moving them then one looked at Eric as the other wrote words then held up the pad.
The words he read said “John and Ionela are currently in the infirmary being checked out from injuries that appear to be related to receiving punches in the face and the stomach areas.”
The figure he saw lowered the pad to erase the words with a covered up hand then continued writing then held up the pad which he read the words “We are aware of John’s behavior towards the Hybrids and will physically discipline him once he is cleared medically.”
Then the figures backed up and walked out of his cell sliding closed the door. Eric shook his head and went to the mattress lying down closing his eyes letting sleep overcome him.

Chapter seven
Eric felt relief seeing Ionela enter the cafeteria room from watching the doors lengthy and she looking like she was fine from being hurt from John.
He got up and went to Ionela who seeing him spoke "I'm hungry I want to eat excuse me Eric."
He wordlessly followed her to the food processing machines as she grabbed a tray holding dishware and utensils for holding food and loaded it up then carried to a table him following. He saw opposite from her still keeping an eye on the doors due to noticing John wasn't in sight and figured that he was being punished.
He eyed Ionela who ravenously ate her food and gulped down her drink before clearing her throat and speaking him giving her a glare "Alright they didn't feed me instead threw me in some all over my body needle jabbing test like they've been doing towards any of the Hybrids displaying any new abilities they appearing to be knowing about it despite attempts to hide it repeatedly."
He gave off a growl sound as Ionela paused to form a grimace which he saw John standing in front of the doors of the room with head down looking like he was shaking his head and grimacing with his lips.
He spoke firmly while looking at Ionela "I'll see that John doesn't hurt you again period. The Hybrids will answer to me if they lay a hand onto you in some painful way for I'll give them pain in response to hurting you. I aim to protect you while your living here with the Hybrids so don't worry I'll make sure that they get the message that hurting you isn't an option."
Eric saw Ionela frown visibly as she gave him a head bob and got up carrying her tray he saw going to the dishwashing machine and quickly darted out of the room through a hallway he saw led to the pool room he figured was where the others were gathered due to not seeing them in the room. He shifted to glare at John who raised his head looking at him before grimacing again and then walked up to him to sit next to him he keeping an eye onto the Hybrid while glaring.
He heard from John "I'm sorry about my behavior towards you and the Hybrids. I admit to you that I like talking to Ionela and having her talk to me back hence I appearing to favor her over the other girls."
Eric spoke as he laid a hand on John's shoulder who looked at him fully “I don’t mind you talking to Ionela. Treat her well or I will not hesitate to use my fists again."
John spoke “I get it your words excuse me I have to apologize to her for my behavior"
He wordlessly followed John to the pool room to find the others gathered on the benches wearing their jumpsuits instead of bathing suits and appeared to be in a discussion them becoming silent seeing the both of them come into sight.
He folded his arms and waited as John was heard loudly speaking "I apologize for my bad behavior towards you all including towards Eric's sister Ionela herself. I hope you'll find it ok enough to accept Eric as our leader this time for I'm withdrawing from the leadership title."
He frowned hearing John's words involving leadership as he eyed the Hybrid who paused then heard from the other Hybrids chiming in their acceptance towards John's apology and him being in leadership position. He watched as the Hybrids got up and walked passed him chattering among each other on wanting to eat food making him annoyed for they always seemed to eat a lot from seeing them do multiple trips to the food processing machines for more than one helping. He sighed and followed them to the cafeteria room to find them going to the food processing machines which he rolled his eyes and went to the doors leading to the quarters to find Kurt had beaten him there by seeing the Hybrid was walking out which he followed to see the male enter Ionela's quarters with a light show annoying him. He went to Ionela's quarters to find it empty of Kurt and frowned to think the Hybrid had some hidden state ability which he stepped aside from the door and turned his back folding his arms eyeing his quarters opposite from the hallway to see a familiar light show and Kurt walking out who didn't look surprised to see him standing there.
Eric gave Kurt a glare who spoke "I can travel to other worlds by entering doorways and come back the same way which sometimes involves traveling to other places around here."
He kept the glare aimed at Kurt who's voice tone sounded of bragging to him as the Hybrid without another word walked to the cafeteria doors and walked inside the room with him following. He found the Hybrids scattered around the room and saw Kurt go up to a Hybrid dubbed Ned and appeared to be having a whispered talk with him before walking away he noticing the male Hybrid looking furious from Kurt's words. Eric stiffened as Ned fisted his hands and gave off a loud angry roaring sound cutting off conversation among the Hybrids in the room. He eyed Ned warily who stomped up to another Hybrid dubbed Ted sitting on a bench and grabbed the male by the jumpsuit pulling him up along with throwing a fist into the male's face. He darted towards the two to see Ted fight back with Ned resuming his fisting by both throwing punches aimed at each others' faces.
Eric reached them both to grab each by the neck gagging them and holding them apart as he snarled in some angry voice tone "Spill it Ned on what Kurt told you to pick a fist fight with Ted now!"
He gave Ned a glare who he heard Ted gag out "Its just Kurt playing his familiar trick of saying something nasty towards a Hybrid from claiming he heard it from another Hybrid saying it to his face. We always fall for that trick as usual which he appears to be amused by it due to repeatedly pulling that over and over despite us complaining to the prison wardens at private meetings to get him to stop doing that trick they have told us what we want to hear of punishing him which they haven't bothered."
He released the Hybrids who coughed loudly who flinched from his glare and he spoke "I'll tell Kurt to lay off with his trick."
He got from Ned "Don't bother doing that. John already tried multiple times with failure happening despite giving that Hybrid some threat of punching him with his fists who managed to easily avoid him with some ability involving turning hidden after giving off a light show through doorways of places."
He frowned hearing Ned's words as he left the Hybrids and went to Kurt sitting on a bench having a smirk on his face.
He walked up to Kurt and gave him a glare who ignored him as he spoke loudly "Kurt cut it with that trick joke of yours or I'll punch you with fists."
Eric eyed Kurt who looked at him still smirking and appearing to not be concerned by his threat spoke "I would rather be punched by you than any of the Hybrids anyway. I don't care if you approve of my trick or not. I'm still playing it period."
He heard the bragging tone of Kurt's voice gave off a growling sound and figured that he'll go outside and see about attacking a tree instead of punching the Hybrid who seemed to be begging for the punching to him. He stomped away and took the familiar hallway to outside sensing himself followed. He went out in the cold seeing the ground covered with white stuff he figured from memory was snow while noticing a sidewalk path having no snow on it and appeared to be led to a tree which he took to throw his fist into the tree. He eyed the tree to see parts of its bark cracked underneath his hand along with a part of it falling out. He turned around sensing himself stared at to find Kurt on the path near him watching him intensively.
Eric gave Kurt a glare and looked up at the sky showing the bright sun without a cloud in the sky and spoke after resuming looking at the Hybrid "The weather is fine for me to be out so leave me alone in peace Kurt."
He got from Kurt speaking in response "I have appeared to a Human female in her place she calls an apartment who I dub by the name of Susie. She has turned out to like me by letting me kiss her. She told me her birthday whatever that is, is January fifth and she's hoping to get a pearl necklace from her parents despite repeatedly begging them for one which I aim to give her one for that day. She's tall as Ionela but has lighter skin color along with brown eyes and a long hair color similar to mine but she has hair dangling on her forehead. Anyway I'm hoping to charm her into mating with me despite she hasn't indicated on wanting to do that ritual yet whenever I visit her."
Eric spoke with sarcasm as Kurt paused "What do you see in that female anyway?” Kurt in response to his question laughed at him and walked away as he eyed the sky and found clouds covering the sun which he wordlessly followed the still laughing Hybrid inside.

Chapter eight
Eric stood in the hallway of the Hybrids' quarters fuming to himself feeling annoyed with Kurt and his attitude towards the Hybrids. He had repeatedly seen Kurt going up to various Hybrids one at a time whispering to them before walking away to see the Hybrid form some angry behavior and target a Hybrid that was nearest to them and appeared to avoid targeting him despite him the closest to them in fists fights he repeatedly broke up by repeatedly getting the fighting Hybrids in gagging choke holds to hear them whine about Kurt playing his trick again to his face after he prevented them from fighting with each other. He felt himself furious went to find Kurt to see the Hybrid walk into the hallway to the quarters which he darted behind to see the male disappear into Ionela's quarters with a familiar light show making him annoyed. He stood with arms folded and eyed the floor letting his anger run through him as he got a rage episode making him give out roaring sounds very loudly while keeping his arms folded.
He felt a headache stiffened as the rages left him to find Kurt standing nearby him who spoke before he could speak as headache left him "I appeared in Susie's quarters through some doorway she says leads to her private room facilities and was surprised to find a friend of hers there in her bedroom. Susie wound up introducing this friend to me who didn't seem shocked about me appearing in the room and appeared to be trustworthy by not pestering me with various questions on how I got into Susie's quarters. Anyway I plan to escape from the prison once I get the chance."
Eric opened his mouth to speak only to get interrupted by a familiar beep sound followed by the familiar male voice speaking "All Hybrids to their quarters now."
He didn't say another word towards Kurt instead went to his quarters sliding the door shut and peered out the window of the door to see various Hybrids walk by in sight while hearing doors sliding shut sounds loudly.
He went to his bed to sit down back leaning against the wall and frowned finding the lights above refused to turn off as expected which he thought to himself "Some Hybrid must have displayed some new ability hence they locking us up as usual to get that Hybrid into their hands for their tests."
Eric kept an eye onto the door seemingly lengthy till the door open followed by the familiar beep sound and voice speaking "All Hybrids are to leave their cells now."
He got up and stood in the hallway watching the Hybrids including his sister Ionela leave the cells to his relief and noticed Kurt not among them which he figured that the prison wardens must have taken him. He stood in the hallway seemingly lengthy waiting with arms folded and stiffened as Kurt walked out of a doorway in a light show looking like he had annoyance on his face.
Eric rolled his eyes due to figuring out that Kurt had escaped the prison wardens' attempts to test him judging by the expression on his face as the Hybrid spoke "I appeared in some private room facility to find the door open a crack and heard two males in the middle of an argument sounding loudly. One of them called Alexei and the other kept referring to the name of Kossman which the subject was on Alexei fathering a Hybrid son who's marked by some lettering scar brands on the armpit areas. One of the males was heard arguing that he wanted the trick of the Hybrid known as his son to stop and Alexei to acknowledge the offspring as his son and his son to know of it which the other male was heard opposing that idea very strongly despite them both heard yelling at each other about their points of views-"
Eric frowned as Kurt was interrupted by the familiar beep sound and voice speaking "All Hybrids are to go to their cells now."
He rolled his eyes in response due to figuring out that the prison wardens must have some tech to overheard the Hybrids' talk in the prison hence they giving out their familiar containment order which he went to his quarters and slid the door shut and went to his bed to sit down on it seemingly lengthy while noticing the lights remained on. Eric sighed as recalled Kurt's words took off his jumpsuit's top part and his gloves to feel for his armpits feeling nothing to indicate any scaring in the areas which he sighed again and put on his jumpsuit covering him up along with his gloves and then leaned back against the wall seemingly lengthy while eyeing the window in the door. He frowned as he saw a familiar face mask peering followed by the window shutting itself with smoke again filling up the cell making him cough and feeling sleepy which he passed out unconscious.

Chapter nine
Eric came to feeling himself lying in bed still clad in his clothes and shoes while feeling his body didn't indicate of medical distress to him. He sighed finding the door to his quarters open felt himself terribly hungry got up and left his quarters going into the cafeteria room to find the Hybrids gathered around a table eating and drinking appearing to look like they were ravenous which he got himself some nourishment and went to the table to sit down next to Ionela sitting between John and her finding them ignoring him and appeared to be focused onto their nourishments by how they ate and drank it. He gobbled up the nourishment and like the Hybrids got multiple helpings of the food and drink till he felt he had an enough put the dishes in the dishwashing machine along with setting aside the tray. He went to sit down at the table noticing that the Hybrids including his sister were still eating and drinking away making him annoyed. 
Eric spoke recalling his thought while in the hallway with Kurt "Hybrids I think the prison wardens have some kind of tech that gives them the ability to overhear talk among us while we're anywhere in the prison. I can't say if they have anything related to outside due to not seeing anything to indicate it while I was out there repeatedly."
He clamped his mouth shut to see Ionela get up abruptly going to the dishwashing machine while hearing nothing in response to his words from the other Hybrids. He eyed his sister who put away her dishes and appeared to look like she was upset about something judging by the look of her face and got up just to see her dart out of the room to the hallway leading to the door to outside. Eric quickly darted after Ionela to see her go outside which he paused at the doorway to see her run to the tree and lean against it looking upset to him. He eyed the sky finding nothing to indicate a rainy status and went to Ionela keeping himself on the sidewalk while avoiding the snow with distaste running through him. He reached Ionela pulled her into a hug she not resisting and hearing her giving off groaning noises sounding of pain to him he recalling of hearing from the other Hybrids before they reveal some new ability. He held her lengthy till she stopped her pained noises and gave up a sigh sound which he released her to eye her questioningly. Eric frowned eyeing Ionela who rubbed a hand on her forehead before eyeing her hand and saw white reeds like plants came out of the fingertips as he saw her open her mouth showing two teeth become fanged reminding him of some animal dubbed snake followed by her shaking her head and saw the reeds and fangs revert back into her.
Eric spoke loudly as Ionela looked at him with a worried expression on his face "Don't worry the prison wardens don't have anything to indicate tech outside from what I've seen around here so you should be safe for now."
He got nothing in response from Ionela who frowned visibly hearing his words and without a comment walked by him on the sidewalk him following to find them both going inside which he continued to follow her into the hallway to their quarters only to get her stopping in front of her quarters speaking to him "Eric I need to take a nap. I'm tired from what the prison wardens pulled onto us with their tests. Excuse me."
He wordlessly watched as Ionela entered her cell sliding the door shut behind her which he went to the cafeteria to see the other Hybrids there looking silently watching him while noticing Kurt on a bench smirking making him disgusted.
He went to sit down near the Hybrids and spoke "Ionela complained of the tests making it hard for her to sleep due to feeling some pained status from it which she's currently in her quarters sleeping off the pain after gave her a pep talk to do it."
He got nothing in response from the Hybrids as the familiar beep was heard followed by the voice speaking familiar words "All Hybrids are to go to their cells now."
Eric shrugged in response got up without a word and went to his quarters going inside sliding the door shut while hearing a faint humming sound coming from it. He went to the bed to sit down finding the lights above remained on seemingly lengthy which he figured that a Hybrid was taken as usual. He waited impatiently as the familiar announcer blared for Hybrids to leave their cells. Eric walked out of his cell eyeing Ionela's cell to find the door open as Hybrids walked out walking passed him not commenting anything towards him or saying anything to each other he hearing silence from them.
He frowned as Ionela failed to appear went to her cell and felt annoyance finding her gone from there which he thought to himself "Drat the prison wardens must have overheard my talk about Ionela complaining of pain and took her to figure out why she wasn't sleeping. I wouldn't be surprised if they find out her new abilities in the process and hit her with the needle jabbing test."
He left the hallway and went to the cafeteria to sit seemingly lengthy eyes aimed at the doors seemingly lengthy Eric sat in the cafeteria staring at the doors with a glare on his face.
He snarled some sound thinking to himself “They took Ionela like they do whenever we display some medical problem."
He got up when the doors banged open and saw Ionela come stumbling in to fall to the floor. Eric ran to Ionela as the other Hybrids ran to her.
He reached her first grabbed his sister by the shoulders who placed a hand on his shoulder speaking “Arielia.”
Eric frowned at the word as Ionela rolled her eyes and her head went back with her eyes closed, her hand limply falling off his shoulder.
He heard John at his side speaking “Here I’ll help her.”
Eric growled loudly speaking “Don’t bother, I’ll do it.”
He heard John speak “But-“
Eric interrupted angrily “I said don’t bother, John.”
Eric lifted up Ionela and carried her out of the room down the hallway to his cell where he gently placed her on the mattress and placed the blanket over her. He sat on the mattress next to his sister staring at her. He acting on a hunch pulled her sleeve and stiffened seeing small needle like holes in her arm.
He growled to himself thinking “I’m not letting them do this to you again. I’ll see to it.”
Eric sat next to her as he heard the intercom above beeped followed by a voice speaking “All Hybrids to their cells now.”
Eric got up and went to the door sliding it closed. He peered out the small window to see the others walk by without a glance and heard sliding doors slam closed. Eric sighed and sat on the floor with back to the wall facing the mattress where Ionela lay sleeping. He stared at her as the overhead lights turned off plunging them in the darkness. Eric frowned as night vision came to his eyes and he yawned closing his eyes letting sleep overcome him.

Chapter ten
Eric woke up with a gasp with the contents of a dream running in his mind. The dream showed him walking in a forest of tall trees with bushes scattered around them, alone. He heard giggling and stopped walking while looking around with a frown as he saw movement out of the corners of his eyes. He turned and stared at the bush as another movement flashed out of the corner of his eyes. Eric folded his arms growling softly as he looked around with a glare on his face. He frowned as the moment flashed again with the giggling he recognized belonged to a female.
He spoke loudly while looking around “I’m not playing your game anymore so show yourself now.”
He lowered his arms fisting his gloved hands as the bushes facing him rumbled and he stared at them as a figure appeared from a hidden invisibility state revealing a young teenage woman with face in a curiosity look and golden eyes wearing blue pants with faded marks on it and over it was a purple zippered hooded top. He stared at the woman whose black hair was pulled back, with shock and unclenched his hands with a frown on his face.
The woman he saw frowned staring at him then spoke in a monotone accent making a hand sign with her right hand touching her head “Arielia.”

Eric jerked his head shaking his head of the dream while hearing Ionela groan loudly. He got up from the floor and went to sit on the mattress next to his sister while placing a hand on her arm shaking her.
He spoke “Ionela.”
Eric stared at Ionela who jerked open her eyes with a gasp darting them around unseeing him in the darkness.
Eric spoke “Ionela, it’s me, Eric.”
He saw her blindly place a hand on his gloved hand touching her arm and she spoke “Eric, I was injected with a great number of needles attached to tubes to some machine that hurt me all over-“
Eric interrupted “Ionela, your safe now, I’ll see that you’ll be protected by me.”
He stared at Ionela who spoke “That’s not all, after the test they took me to a room chained in a wheelchair where some woman with a nasty look on her face who I dubbed Miss Nasty wearing clothing of one color showed me on a TV screen a recording which she told me to tell you the contents.”
Eric rubbed his sister’s arm as Ionela paused from talking to sigh and then continued “The recording, a hidden recorder as claimed by Miss Nasty, showed a young woman with our golden eyes walking around alone in some forest in the snow. Miss Nasty cut the recording and told me in some rude tone that the woman is our younger sister called Arielia who is deaf and a Hybrid like we are.”
Eric stiffened hearing Ionela’s words and frowned as she paused to groan some sound and added “Eric, I did ask Miss Nasty a question about Arielia being aware of us which that woman interrupted that Arielia was informed of us at an early age and that it was our sister who insisted on us knowing about her. Miss Nasty told me that the higher ups in the prison are considering a meeting between Arielia, you and me, alone, either together or separate.”
Eric opened his mouth to speak when he heard the intercom come on with the familiar beep and a voice speaking with alarm in the tones “Alert! Hybrids Kurt and Ionela missing! Find them!”
Eric growled loudly as Ionela rubbed his hand while hearing the intercom come on again with a beep sound, voice in a calmer tone “All Hybrids are to be contained in their cells for the remainder of the alert. That’s all.”
Eric spoke with a growling tone “That Kurt has been on my nerves causing nothing but trouble among us. He’s been talking to me about escaping the prison which is impossible to do. Believe me, I’ve tried several times and hasn't been able to find a way out of this prison. I thought his talk would be all talk but I wouldn’t be surprised if they find him outside trying to escape the prison by attempting to climb the fence surrounding the area him probably having some immunity to the shocks it gives up, harrumph.”
He heard a metal scraping sound coming from the doorway and looked to see a slab of metal over the small square window and coughed as Ionela coughed while seeing smoke arrived from a grating on the wall below the sink, fogging up the cell. Eric shook his head of the sleepiness as he felt Ionela’s hand loosen its hold on his hand sliding off. He lay down on the mattress besides Ionela on his side closing his eyes.

Chapter eleven
Eric opened his eyes jerked himself in a sitting position. He looked around and discovered that he was alone in his cell and the door was closed with the window open. Frowning he got up and went to the door peering out the window to see four figures in covered up white material standing in the hallway in front of his door. They appeared to be talking to each other by their moving hand positions. Eric stared at them as one turned its head and looked in his direction which got the others to look at him. He bared his fanged teeth at them with a growling sound as one of them stepped forwards coming to stand in front of the window staring at him through a black face plate mask. He saw the one turned its head to look back at the others as the door slid opened. Eric backed up as the suited up figure entered the cell holding an erasable pad with a marker in hands. He narrowed his eyes at the figure seeing the other figures walking to stand in front of the doorway. The figure wrote words on the erasable pad and held it up for Eric to read. 
The words said “Why was Ionela after a search found in your cell with you?”
Eric folded his arms growling out “She was hurt from your stinking needle poking test which I resent that.”
The figure erased the words with a gloved covered up hand then wrote something on the pad and again held it up.
Eric read “What’s your opinion about Kurt?”
Eric snarled out “Kurt is an idiotic fool who doesn’t care about friendship. He has been causing trouble among the Hybrids by spreading lies and getting us angry enough to fight each other.”
He glared at the suited figure that erased the words and continued writing which he read after the figure held the pad up “Do you know anything about Kurt’s Hybrid abilities?”
Eric replied to the question “All I know about Kurt’s Hybrid abilities is what he has been bragging about to me alone. He says he can transport himself to other places and worlds by entering doorways. I’ve seen him do it which he’ll disappear in a flash of light entering any open doorway and appear with the same light show from another doorway. He claimed that he has a relationship with some Human female and that he’s hoping to charm her into mating with him.”
The figure with the pad looked at the other figures as one of them made a head shaking motion.
Eric stared at the figure that erased the question and wrote words before holding up for him to read which said “Do you know anything about the Human female Kurt is interested in?”
Eric spoke “Kurt mentioned her to me alone. He refers her as Susie whose birthday is January fifth which he hopes to give her a pearl necklace on that day despite he telling me that its what she wants the most for that day from her parents. She according to him is tall as Ionela has similar hair color with hair dangling in her face and is not aware of him being a Hybrid. He bragged to me he’s been appearing to Susie in her place called an apartment from some private room area she calls. He says he has been doing this for awhile. He mentioned that Susie introduced him to a friend of hers he didn't to name after he appeared from a doorway with that friend there who didn't seem shocked to see him and didn't pester him with questions about his appearing ability.”
Eric folded his arms as he stopped talking to stare at the suited up figures, one that waved covered up gloved hands. He frowned seeing one of them grab the erasable pad from the hand of another figure that refused to let go of it. Eric narrowed his eyes of annoyance seeing the two figures holding the pad shake their heads while tugging the erasable pad back and forth in their hands. He put his gloved hands covering his closing eyes as the rages arrived while growling softly. Eric opened his eyes yanking his hands down while seeing whiteness surrounded by dark blue movements in front of him. He charged at the movements with hands in fists and roared growling loudly as his hands hit hard. Eric saw movements dart away from him and he followed running roaring loudly. He reached the movement he sensed was a figure who he tackled hitting the floor. Eric was quick to get up grabbing by the neck raising the person to a standing position bringing his fist into the stomach area repeatedly. Eric felt a prick of pain in his arm holding the figure’s neck as the person’s hands clawed his arm. He let go of the figure’s neck as his eyes’ sight cleared up showing a suited up figure bent down making a coughing motion hands on neck area. He looked at his bare right arm to see a needle syringe sticking in it as he fell to a kneeling position shaking his head from the dizziness. Eric groaned loudly staring at the suited up figure who straightened up to turn around closing a small cabinet door in the wall. He lay down on the floor on his back as sleepiness arrived and closed his eyes surrendering to needle syringe’s drugged contents.

Chapter twelve
Eric woke up with a gasp as his nose smelled something and saw a small bottle held in a hand capped. He followed the hand to see the person put the bottle in a side pocket of a jumpsuit and looked at the features of the figure’s face. He frowned seeing a man with red orange short hair with a beard and a mustache covering the lower portion of his face. He stared at the man’s blue eyes that had a serious look in them and the man spoke “Well, rise and shine, Eric. It’s about time you woke up.”
Eric jerked his arms to discover them chained to the arm rests of the chair he was sitting in along with chains on his legs pinned to leg rests. He stared at the man who walked behind him and felt the chair move as it had wheels. Eric looked around to see that he was in a large white hallway that led to two hallway openings on the sides. He frowned as the man pushed the chair turning it on the right into another hallway that had a dead end with two shiny metals like doors in the wall on his left side where there were button consoles with symbols of arrows on them in the walls besides them. He felt the chair stopped and saw the man walk up to the button console pressing a button and then the man walked back behind the chair. Eric heard a ding sound as a light above the door blinked an arrow pointing up. The metal doors slid open separating in the middle revealing a large rectangular room. He felt the man push the chair into the room and heard a beep sound followed by a vibration of going up.
Eric spoke “Where am I going?”
He heard the man behind him speak “You just wait and see, be patient.”
Eric opened his mouth to speak when the vibration stopped and he felt the chair pulled backwards out of the room to a hallway that was carpeted with artful pictures on the walls. He felt the man righted the chair pushing it in the hallway to a dead end black metal like wall with a console next to it on the wall.
He saw the man appeared in his eyes sight and saw him put his hand on the console speaking “Andrew Kossman password Anya Lake.”
Eric stared as red lights flashed from the ceiling blinking as the black wall slid open going into the wall automatically revealing an identical hallway with people wearing riot gear standing besides brown doors with guns in their hands. He sensed the man Andrew he assumed was his name, walking to behind his chair pushing him entering the hallway passed the riot geared people whose eyes were covered by black eye wear while wearing black rounded hard hats on top of their heads. Eric looked at the doors to see that they had shiny golden lettering on them he assumed were numbers due to not able to read them or being familiar with the language as Andrew pushed the chair turning it left entering another hallway with the riot geared people standing besides the doors with large windows besides them. He could see the rooms had tables and chairs from looking through the windows. He felt the chair turned around and Andrew pulled him pass a doorway followed by a person in riot gear as the man maneuvered the chair further into the room turning it sideways till the door entrance was on his left side away from him with the table in front of him.
Eric opened his mouth to speak as Andrew walked into his line of sight speaking while holding an object to his ear “Kossman here, Eric’s awake and set in place for the visit in meeting room four. Do you want me to stay to observe his behavior?”
Eric stared at Andrew who paused from his talk then he continued speaking “Alright I’ll do as ordered.”
Eric watched as Andrew pulled the object from his ear folding it in half then placed it in his pocket and folded his arms staring at him.
Andrew he stared at spoke “You’re to receive a visitor today who will come here once cleared by security. Sorry I can’t stay around for that visit but I’ll see you again to take you back.”
Eric spoke as Andrew turned around towards the door “Who’s the visitor?”
Andrew replied “You’ll see soon enough.”
He stared at Andrew who left the room followed by the riot geared person closing the door and saw his form walk by the windows. Eric looked around the white room that had a round black table with black folding chairs scattered in his eye sight. He looked up to see large round black bulbs with red dots in the corners of the room next to the fluorescent lights in the ceiling. Eric sighed as he sat in the chair frowning as movement caught his eye from outside the room window. He turned his head towards the doorway as the door opened showing a figure that entered the room closing the door. Eric stiffened seeing the figure a female who stared at him with a frown. She, he saw had identical skin tones, long black hair pulled back, golden eyes and was wearing a blue jumpsuit with the sleeves rolled up.
Eric stared at the woman, he recognized from his dream that made a hand gesture touching her head with her hand while speaking in a monotone accent “Arielia.”
He turned his lips into a frown as Arielia walked forward grabbing a chair and sat in it at his side sighing loudly.
Eric asked as she looked at him “Arielia?”
Arielia replied “Yes, Ricky. I may not have hearing but I can read lips. I know hand language called sign language something I'm currently learning from a school I'm attending at the moment. You probably have questions about me and so do I, so ask.”
Eric moved his mouth slowly speaking “Why am I learning about you now and why aren’t you locked up with Ionela and me?”
He saw Arielia’s face turn into a frown and she answered “Ricky, I don’t know about me not being in lock up with you and Iony who I met some time ago. I was raised by several sets of parents at different stages in my life. This stopped when I turned seventeen my current declared age and was told to learn to live by myself independently by one set of parents who kicked me out and told me to be independent. One of the sets of parents when I was becoming a teenager told me about you and Iony being my brother and sister locked up in prison. I’ve been asking people who I know that work here, for years, when I’ll be able to meet you and Iony and whether you both were aware of me. I’m a little disgusted about being told that you and Iony weren’t aware of me till some time ago.”
Eric stared at Arielia who paused to make a disgust sound and he spoke “Arielia, what’s with calling our sister, Iony and calling me Ricky when my name is Eric?”
He heard Arielia chuckle some sound before she spoke “Iony and Ricky are just names I’ve been referring to you both ever since I was told about your existence. I kept the habit of doing that but Iony did warn me not to call you Ricky.”
Eric spoke “Please don’t call me Ricky but call me by my name Eric.”
He saw Arielia nod her head with understanding in her eyes as he added “What’s the outside world like?”
She spoke “I’m sorry, Eric, I was told not to say certain things to you and Iony or risk having you both put in isolation and that’s one of them.”
Eric frowned as she sighed loudly staring at him.
He spoke “What can you tell me about yourself without risking me put in isolation?”
His sister spoke “Let’s see, I’ve been deaf for most of my life in my earliest memory. I suspect I was born with the disability because the people who raised me have been tight lipped on how or why I’m deaf. One set of parents taught me how to read lips and talk words which help me communicate with people and vice versa. That’s all I can say about me.”
Eric spoke “These people who told you not to say certain things to Ionela and me, did they tell you what I can tell you or I can say anything?”
Arielia spoke “They told me not to ask for information about the other Hybrids and be clear with you to not tell me anything about them either.”
Eric sighed as he heard a beep sound and looked at the door which opened as she did the same.
A riot geared person came in speaking in a female tone of voice with her lips seen “Arielia, your time with Eric is up.”
He stared at Arielia who sighed loudly getting up from the chair as she went to him wrapping her arms around his head in a hug.
Eric stiffened feeling her arms around him then she let go speaking “Eric, I’ll see you again, don’t worry.”
He watch her leave the room closing the door and saw her form walk by the window. Eric closed his eyes groaning as the rages arrive while fisting his hands. He opened his eyes seeing whiteness surrounding a dark blue movement of a figure and roared yanking on the restraints bounding him to the chair. He growled feeling a prick of pain in his neck which his eyes sight cleared up and he saw Andrew standing at his side holding an empty needle syringe in his right hand.
Eric sighed staring at Andrew who frowned speaking “That’s an interesting reaction. I might as well recommend it for further use.”
He frowned hearing Andrew’s words as sleepiness arrived and he drooped his head closing his eyes while letting the drug’s affects take over his system.

Chapter thirteen
Eric woke up with a start feeling himself a familiar urge darted towards the toilet while adjusting his jumpsuit and underwear shorts. He sighed once done and felt regret on not able to wash his hands or wash his gloves kept on his hands from doing the expelling into the toilet. He groaned and recalled his meeting with Arielia fully which he left the cell going to the cafeteria to grab a tray and loaded it up with dishware and utensils which he filled with nourishment and went to a table noticing the Hybrids scattered around the room which he saw Ionela looking in his direction looking concerned he finding himself ravenous ate everything and gulped down the drink entirely. He sighed once done and put the dishes and tray and utensils away to find Ionela walking up to him looking like she was still concerned judging by the expression on her face.
He sighed and spoke as she reached him "I met Arielia our sister."
He saw Ionela look further concerned as he added "I'll see that she's protected by me once I get out of this prison due to doing that protection towards you as well."
He got nothing in response from Ionela but her hugging him tightly in a bear hug before walking to a bench to sit him following her to sit next to her. He sighed as he looked around the room and spotted Ted and Steve get into a fist fight punching at each other he glared at who ignored his glaring. He kept glaring as Ionela he saw went up to the two and used his familiar choking maneuver onto them to get them to stop fighting and appeared to be talking them out of the fight words unheard by him. Eric glared as Ionela walked away and growled a soft sound as Ted and Steve the moment his sister's back was turned resumed their fist fight which he got up to see his sister look at the Hybrids fighting then saw her looking at him with a pleading expression on her face.
He growled a loud sound and went to Ionela who spoke once he reached her "Steve and Ted have reportedly from the other Hybrids been seeing each other in negative terms and have been caught in fist fights by the others who try to break them up whenever your not around. They don't usually fight when your around instead have been seen glaring at each other with nasty looks on their faces. I figured that their angry mood must have taken control hence they fighting in front of you like they have balked on doing. I suspect that the fight was brought on by Kurt seen whispering something to them each alone before he reportedly escaped from the prison which they've started their fist fights soon after he was said gone from his cell and said to escaped by the other Hybrids due to not sensing him around in the vicinity of the quarters or anywhere wherever we go around here."
Eric gave up a growling sound in response and went to Ted and Steve still fisting each other which he reached the Hybrids and gagged them on the neck while speaking in a firm growling tone "I expect this fight to end period. I don't want to catch you fighting again. I don't want to hear of you both fighting each other from the other Hybrids so stop it now or else you'll suffer from my fists period."
He gave each Hybrid a glare who bobbed their heads in agreement and released them to see them walk away in separate directions appearing to not look at each other. Eric sighed and went to a bench to resume sitting eyeing the Hybrids scattering around the room till his eyes focused onto two of them as if drawn he recognizing the females as dubbed Corina and Gina get up from a bench with angry looks and saw them get into a fight by repeatedly grabbing each other's hair yanking it along with trying to grab each other's chin by hands aimed at the area while still having a hand hold on each other's hair. He stood up folding his arms glaring at the two females to see John break them up by pulling them apart and appearing to gesture towards him watching them by the male Hybrid staring in his direction by face aimed and speaking words he not heard what was said. He watched as Corina and Gina looked in his direction and appeared to look like they become nervous followed by looking of gulping before walking away in separate directions each heading towards another female Hybrid who didn't appear to protest having that female sitting next to them. He eyed John who appeared to gulp before walking up to Ionela seated on a bench and appeared to be talking to her who he saw his sister didn't protest as the male Hybrid sat next to her both appearing to be a lengthy talk discussion him not overhearing their words. Eric kept his eyes onto his sister talking to John who appeared to liked talking to her. He found the talk seemingly lengthy till the familiar noises of the intercom came out ordering Hybrids to their cells immediately which Eric and Hybrids obeyed. He sat in the cell sitting on the bed eyeing the lights with annoyance finding that they were still on despite the door shut to see the window slam shut followed by smoke fogging up the cell making him sleepy which he passed out unconscious.

Chapter fourteen
Eric woke up with a start feeling a headache while feeling himself sitting in a familiar wheelchair while wearing manacles around his wrists and ankles despite his hands bare of their gloves. He sensed a familiar headache and opened his eyes with his head down. He frowned feeling his gloves were off his clawed hands as he looked up.
Standing nearby away in front of him chained to a wall was Kurt wearing a jumpsuit having feet bare who spoke “About time you woke up, Eric.”
Eric found himself wearing an identical jumpsuit of orange color instead of blue got up from the wheelchair with a growl and walked towards Kurt with his clawed hands clenching and unclenching.
Kurt spoke again “Poor Susie, I infected her with some sickness for I didn’t mean to do it.”
Eric growled loudly hearing Kurt’s words as Kurt continued speaking “I considered you of all the Hybrids my friend for we’ll always be friends.”
Eric snarled out “We’re not friends for you don’t know the meaning of friendship.”
Kurt spoke “I do know the meaning for I told you things I never told the others.”
Eric growled out as he stood inches away from Kurt “The things you told me were more like bragging.”
He heard Kurt sigh and speak “They sent you here to kill me.”
He gave a sound of disgust then spoke “I’m not going to kill you for I won’t do that.”
He stiffened as the rages arrived and he barely heard Kurt speaking “Oh yes you will.”
Eric closed his eyes then opened them with the anger coursing through out him and saw in front of him was dark blue movement figure surrounded by whiteness. He with a roar moved his hands grabbing the person’s head and gave it a twist hearing a cracking sound of bone crunching then he brought his clawed hands scratching the figure’s cheeks. He turned away to his side as a feeling of pleasure arrived with his eyes sight clearing up.
Eric smiled sighing and spoke loudly “I feel much better.”
He turned to his left and frowned seeing Kurt hanging limply in the chains head down and stiffened seeing scratch marks on his cheeks. He stared at Kurt and raised his hands to stare at them as he heard a sound of a door sliding open from behind him. Eric turned around to see two suited up figures. One of them was writing in an erasable pad with a marker as another was standing holding a small oxygen tank with a mask in hands. Eric stared at the figures as the person stopped writing and held up the pad words seen. 
He read “Kurt has a spreadable sickness in him so please put on the oxygen mask for it’ll kill the virus infecting you.”
Eric sighed and walked forward till he was in front of the person holding the oxygen and took the mask placing it on his face held in place by a strap. He felt air blowing in the mask into his nose along with sleepiness as he coughed spasms and went to the wheelchair to sit. The sleepiness persisted as the coughing went away and he closed his eyes surrendering to the sleepiness.

Chapter fifteen
Eric woke up with a start in his cell feeling himself confused to why he was sleeping with the lights on and feeling himself sore all over him. He found himself clad in shorts and a t-shirt instead of his regular blue jumpsuit while feeling his hands clad in their familiar gloves while some kind of heat of warmth hitting that made him feel like he couldn't tolerate it. He got up and found sandals at the foot of the bed and went to the cafeteria to find the other Hybrids there clad in twin clothes and shoe wear as his gathered around a table chattering among each other while taking in nourishment. He felt himself not well rested but figured that he'll eat grabbed a tray and loaded up with nourishment and its holders then went to the table to sit again between Ionela and John both not protesting to that. He gobbled up the food and gulped down the drink then once done felt himself fine with the amount of nourishment he took put the tray and dishware away and went back to the table putting his head on his arms feeling himself still tired.
He frowned as he felt a tap on his shoulder which he looked to see the hand's owner was Ionela who spoke "You overslept this morning so talk on what's going on."
Eric spoke as no memory to explain his oversleeping came to mind "I don't know why I overslept. It must have been this unexplainable heat that must have wrecked me up hence I feeling tired."
He eyed Ionela in response who spoke "Then simply go back to your quarters and sleep some more since your looking tired to me."
He sighed loudly and didn't protest to her order got up and went to his quarters leaving the door open leaning his back against the wall while sitting on the bed. He shut his eyes only to feel the rages billowing within him which he grimaced fisting his gloved hands keeping his eyes shut as he breathe hard through his mouth repeatedly willing the rages to go away which left him leaving him panting for breath through his mouth hard. He felt himself still tired kept his eyes shut willing himself to sleep despite repeatedly waking up to stare at the open doorway making him get up and slide the door shut. He heard no humming sounds from the door being shut in response as he resumed sitting on his bed leaning against the wall and resumed shutting his eyes forcing himself to sleep. He finding himself waking up repeatedly over and over till the familiar intercom came on ordering Hybrids back to their cells which he laid his form down on the bed staring at the ceiling lights that were still blaring making him annoyed as he heard a familiar banging of metal sound followed by smoke filling up the cell making him cough violently along with sleepiness which he passed out unconscious to come to feeling a painful headache come to him while still lying on his bed in his cell from the feel of the mattress on his back. The lights in the room were off signaling sleep time he saw with lights from the hallway blaring into his quarters from the window on the door. He lay feeling the heat, his form shaking. Eric sat up groaning rubbing a gloved hand on his forehead. He put another gloved hand on his head and jerked as great pain of a headache arrived and closed his eyes lying down on the bed. He dizzily groaned and plopped his hands on his chest and willed himself to sleep passing out unconscious to come to smelling something underneath his nose that woke up jerking his eyes open to see a bottle get capped he saw was from an orderly putting it in a pocket and still holding a dart gun in his hand. He sighed feeling cold cool air in the room and found himself sitting in a wheelchair while wearing a jumpsuit with manacles felt around his wrists and ankles. Eric heard a throat clearing like noise and looked up at the noises to see a woman with a mean look on her tanned face. The woman was standing in front of a desk in an all black room with fluorescent lights overhead. She was Eric saw wearing clothing that was all in one color and her black hair with a white hair streak in the middle was pulled back. The woman held up a small boxy object in her hand and pointed it at the wall. Eric looked to see a flat screen monitor on the wall turn on showing an over head recording view of himself lying in bed in his cell. He stiffened watching his form faded disappearing from eye sight then reappeared. Eric stared with shock to see himself sit up from the bed rubbing a gloved hand on his forehead then saw himself put another hand on his head. He frowned as he saw himself shake on the monitors jerking as his form faded in and out before lying on the bed putting his hands on his chest laying asleep.
The woman he heard spoke in a bored tone “You will practice this hidden state ability till we determine that you can control it. Also you will keep silent about the ability from the other Hybrids including your sister until we tell you to mention it.”
Eric stared at the woman who paused then she continued speaking “Mention the ability to the others and there will be serious consequences that will mean the lost of losing your privileges including your freedom. You will demonstrate the ability starting now.”
Eric frowned as she folded his arms and narrowed her brown eyes at him. He willed himself to calm and looked at his gloved hand staring at it as he continued to frown. Eric stiffened seeing his hand and arm faded disappearing and then reappeared.
He looked up at the woman who lowered her arms and spoke “Good, practice the ability when your alone in your cell and remember lost of privileges should you mention it to the others. Take him to his cell now.”
Eric heard steps behind him and looked to see an orderly still dressed in white with a mask on the lower part of the face yank top of his collar and injected a needle cylinder into his neck. He stiffened feeling the sleepiness of the drug take effect and closed his eyes falling asleep.

Eric woke up with a gasp lying on the bed in his cell while feeling the heat. The cell lights were on and the door to the cell was open. He sat up from the bed feeling him wearing a t-shirt and shorts with his feet bare. Frowning he looked at his gloved hand and stared as it disappeared and reappeared. Eric sighed and got up from the bed pausing to slip his feet into sandals and walked out of the cell down the hallway towards the double doors. He entered the cafeteria room to see the other Hybrids dressed in t-shirts and shorts chatting away while sitting at tables with benches attached. With a frown he walked towards his sister Ionela who got up and went to him giving him a hug.
He heard her speak “Eric, I saw you in your cell lying asleep. I wasn’t sure if I should wake you up or not. I’m glad that you’re up now.”
Eric felt her let go of him and she spoke staring at his face “What’s wrong? You have that upset look on your face.”
He spoke “Ionela, it’s the heat it’s hard to sleep in it.”
His sister frowned and spoke “I know how you feel. None of us can sleep properly in this heat. I do wish they have something cool for us to live better. This heat is terrible.”
Eric frowned and followed her towards a table where he sat on a bench with her next to him absent mildly hearing the other Hybrids’ conversations nearby him till the familiar intercom came on ordering Hybrids to their cells which he obeyed going to his cell to wearily lay his form down on the bed shutting his eyes while hearing a familiar banging noise and coughed violently as usual followed by passing out unconscious.

Chapter sixteen
Eric woke up to find himself sitting in a chair with chains' manacles on him. He sighed feeling the cool air and found himself wearing the familiar jumpsuit along with shoes omitting socks on his feet. He looked to see the same woman standing at his side with large red goggles on her forehead. Looking around he could see that he was in a long white hallway with a door at the end.
The woman spoke “Eric, get up.”
Eric obeyed standing up with chains rattling clinging to his form, from the chair to face the woman. He looked to see two orderlies in white with masks on the lower part of their faces wearing red goggles over their eyes were standing with dart guns in their gloved hands.
Frowning he stared at the woman who spoke “You will turn invisible and will walk towards that door at the end of the hallway and back completely in your hidden state starting now.”
Eric groaned some sound and stared at the door at the end of the hallway. He willed himself to calm and closed his eyes then he opened his eyes sensing himself invisible. He looked at the woman who had the red goggles over her eyes and he walked towards the door.
Reaching the door he stared at the writing which read “Emergency Exit.”
Then Eric turned around and walked back towards the woman standing next to a wheelchair.
He stood as the woman spoke “Good, be warned there will be more tests for you to do. Knock him out now.”
Eric stiffened as one of the orderlies pointed the dart gun at him and felt a prick of pain in his chest as the dart landed on him. Eric jerked his head feeling the sleepiness arrived and sat down in the wheelchair shaking his head. He closed his eyes and fell asleep and came to hear a loud male voice talking words not registering within him and shook his head shaking the effects of sleepiness opening his eyes while feeling motion. Eric looked around to find men in riot gear behind him wearing red goggles in seats and himself sitting in a large vehicle from the looks of it. He discovered that he was wearing the familiar jumpsuit with the familiar shoes on his feet still omitting socks with handcuffs cuffing his wrists together on him. There were devices he felt wrapped around his forehead and his chest over the jumpsuit. Frowning he looked at the voice’s speaker to see a man with brown hair sitting in the passenger side of the vehicle who twisted his form to look at Eric while holding a device to his ear.
The man spoke “He’s awake now. I’ll tell him what to do when we arrive there as ordered.”
The man twisted his form back and lowered his voice still chatting on the device held by his hand Eric saw and couldn't hear more from the male. Eric looked out the window besides him to see that the vehicle was driving pass tall towering buildings and there were other vehicles of various sizes in the road driving by in the opposite direction. Eric stared seeing the scene which changed as the buildings got closer. The vehicle he eyed the window he saw entered an alleyway and stopped.
The man at the passenger seat spoke loudly he heard “We’re here.”
Eric frowned as the man opened a door and got out as one of the goggled men behind him got up sliding open the door and yanked him out followed by the others. Eric stood feeling the heat surrounded by the men with guns in their hands. He looked as the man from the passenger seat he saw was wearing a suit holding a long thick envelope in his hands.
The man pulled out papers and held up a head shot picture of a blonde man while speaking “Orders are we’re to capture this man who is said to go by the name of Kenny alive. He is holed up in this building armed and dangerous and is willing to shoot anyone on sight.”
The man passed the picture and continued speaking “Eric, your going in the building in your hidden state to find Kenny and knock him out. Be sure to press the button switch on your chest to signal to the others your location which we’ll take it from here.”
Eric looked down at the device wrapped around his chest to see a button shaped like a button belonging to a button top to him attached to the device as he again looked up and saw one of the men in riot gear held up a thick boxy device with a long thin wire attached to it who spoke “I have the locator on now ready to get Eric’s signal.”
Eric looked at the man in the suit who spoke “Find a way for Eric to get inside now.”
The men around him murmured their agreements and walked towards a building next to the van and started pulling at brown boards stuck to the brick building. Eric stood as one of them waved his arms getting the others attention who looked at the man. The man gestured towards the boards besides him and pulled it off walls revealing a broken window. Eric found himself forcibly pushed towards the window as men in their riot gear attacked the window breaking the glass. He stood frowning as one of the riot gear men took off the handcuffs off his wrists with a key and gestured towards the window.
The man in the suit spoke “Eric, go inside and remember what I said.”
Eric turned his form invisible and climbed into the building through the window. He sighed in the darkness as night vision came to his eyes and looked around. He could see he was in a room that appeared to be on the large side with objects scattered around some on metal gratings along some behind fences. He slowly walked around exploring the room and its contents. Eric stiffened hearing noises of voices and paused from his walk. He followed the voices and saw a flickering light ahead of him which he slowly walked to. Reaching the source of light he saw as he peered behind the grating to see a box with a wire attached to it in front of a large wall sized showing objects reflections in the wall. Images flicked on the box along with voices speaking. He stared to see a figure sitting in a chair in front of the box and saw through the wall’s reflection the person was a man with short hair appearing to be asleep sitting in the chair. Eric stared at the man he recognized to be Kenny from the picture who was dressed in a jumpsuit holding a long gun in his hands as he slept. Eric cautiously stepped forwards picking his way around chairs like Kenny was sitting in and reached the man to stand on his side. Eric fisted his left hand raised it and hesitated staring at Kenny who jerked his head shifting his form. Eric brought his hand punching Kenny in the face hard who jerked his eyes open with a gasp. He knocked the gun from Kenny’s hand yanking the man from the chair and threw his form at the reflecting wall. Kenny he saw hit it with a bang and slid towards the ground as he charged bringing his fist into Kenny’s face repeatedly who groaned loudly after each hit. He stared at Kenny halting his punching who groaned closing his eyes and went still but sensed the male had passed out unconscious from his fisting. Eric walked towards the chair to sit. He touched the button on his chest and pressed it with his fingers holding it between the fingers and heard a faint beep sound. The wall in front of him slid open as Eric stared with shock to see the familiar woman with two orderlies standing besides her all three wearing goggles.
The woman spoke “Test over, knock him out.”
Eric growled angrily standing up with fisted hands as one of the orderlies aimed a dart gun at him and pulled the trigger. Eric flinched as he felt the dart land on his chest and roared some angry nonsense sound. He charged at the woman as he felt the sleepiness from the dart’s drug arrived and fell towards the floor sensing himself no longer invisible. He shook his head of the sleepiness as he lied on the floor and let the darkness overcome him.

Eric woke up with a gasp to find himself back in the cell lying on the mattress wearing his t-shirt and shorts with hands gloved as usual. He stared at the florescent lights of the cell to see that they were off and groaned feeling the heat. Eric sat up rubbing a gloved hand on his head and stared at his other hand with a frown. He watched as his gloved hand disappeared and reappeared. Moaning some sound of distress he placed his other hand on his head and rocked his form as tears fell from his eyes.
He lowered his hands and tearfully looked up at the ceiling groaning out “Why, oh why?”
Then he moved his form till his back was to the wall while sitting on the mattress and put his arms around his bent legs as tears continued to flow. Eric sat there staring at the wall with claw marks on it as rages arrived and he angrily stood up with a glare on his face. He growled as anger flowed throughout him and yanked off his gloves throwing them onto the floor. With a roar Eric charged at a wall clawing it with his clawed hands making more scratches on it. He charged at the closed metal door pounding on it then went to the mattress kicking it with his feet from memory of where they were fully in his mind. Eric grabbed his head with his hands as his anger left him and kneeled on the floor rocking his form as tears arrived flowing from his eyes. He groaned loudly lowering his hands and crawled to the mattress where he laid himself with his back on it. Eric exhaled air and stared at the ceiling. He blinked his eyes as the lights turned on followed by the door to cell sliding open. Groaning Eric dragged himself up picking up his gloves while putting on his sandals and left the cell to see the other Hybrids leaving their cells towards the double doors down the hallway. He numbly entered the cafeteria while putting on his gloves going to the food processing units standing in front of a wall and grabbed a tray. Eric sighed as he felt a hand on his shoulder and looked to see Ionela who rubbed his shoulder then she lowered her hand with a questioningly look on her face.
Eric groaned out “Ionela, I couldn’t sleep no matter how I tried. This heat is like you said is terrible.”
He got no comment from Ionela who yawned in his face in response and then she spoke "I agree with you on that. This heat is terrible anyway. Even swimming in the pool isn't helping due to the water is too warm for that. Plus outside the heat is blasting and quite boiling too much for me and the others to be out there. Ugh. We're stuck inside due to that the heat is tolerable for us to function for meals but sleeping is still giving us problems achieving."
He didn't comment a response got his nourishment and went to a table to sit gobbling up the food and gulping down the drink finding his appetite satisfied and noticed that the other Hybrids weren't getting up for seconds from their meals they consumed and saw that they all appeared to look tired to him. He got up and put away his tray, dishes and utensils then with a groan left the cafeteria going to the hallway leading to outside which he yanked open the door and felt the heat despite sunlight become more blaring making him groan loudly enough to shut the door and left the hallway going to the cafeteria to find the others gathered around the table looking like some were trying to sleep and some were trying to get comfortable while sleeping with head on their arms on top of the table. He ignored them and went into his quarters leaning back against the wall while sitting on his bed and shut his eyes to hear the familiar announcement for Hybrids to go to their cells. He sighed due to figuring out that the prison wardens must have noticed them looking sleepy in the cafeteria through recorder techs and gave out that order as his door slid shut he ignoring to hear the familiar metal banging sound along with smoke fogging up his cell making him cough violently enough to pass out unconscious from feeling sleepy.

Chapter seventeen
Eric came to jerking open his eyes while feeling motion of a familiar vehicle and found himself sitting in a seat. He looked out the window to see there were rows of trees of forests as the vehicle drove by on the road. He shook his head to discover that he was wearing the familiar jumpsuit and devices wrapped around his form with his gloves off baring his clawed hands. He looked behind him to see two men in riot gear wearing red goggles over their eyes.
He looked in front of him in a seat was the familiar woman with red goggles on her forehead, who's form twisted to face him who spoke with a rude tone “About time you woke up, we have a mission for you to do.”
Eric growled out “I’m not doing it.”
The woman spoke “Too bad, if you won’t do it then perhaps we’ll lock up Arielia and do more of those painful tests on Ionela-“
Eric interrupted “You leave my sisters out of this.”
The woman he saw narrowed her eyes and held up a picture of a man standing on a side walk with grey hair wearing a suit with a long white jacket over it.
She spoke “We suspect this man of raping women, forcing himself on them unconscious. You will enter his house with the bait we set off and see if he’ll take the trap we set by raping the bait. If he does you will use your claws to scratch him fully on the back in the spinal column area. I repeat only scratch him on the back in the spinal column area if it’s bare of clothes. Then once done signal us and we’ll take it from here. You do it or your sisters will suffer your refusal.”
The vehicle stopped and the woman opened the door pulling on her goggles speaking “Turn invisible now and get in that car with the bait.”
Eric obeyed leaving the vehicle to see a red car he assumed it was called with no top and saw a woman with long blonde frizzy hair wearing a tight fitting short black dress with huge cleavage nearly baring her breasts sitting in the driver’s seat. Next to her was a large envelope.
The blonde he saw with a frown spoke “Have Eric slid over the car door and make sure he understands he has to do it when he gets out.”
Eric heard the woman with goggles speak “You heard what bait said. Do it.”
Eric slid himself over the car door and sat as the woman with goggles spoke “He’s in, start driving and remember your mission, Eric.”
Eric sat in the car as the blonde started the car and drove off driving on the road through the forests. He folded his arms staring out the window with a frown as the blonde drove. Eric looked to see buildings with multiple vehicles parked next to them which he realized were houses appeared peeking out of the forests of trees and bushes in sight. The blonde drove up a driveway turning the car behind forests of trees stopping in behind another vehicle looking different from the car he was in. He stood up and slid himself over the car door as the blonde grabbed the large envelope, opened the car door on the driver’s side and got out. Frowning Eric followed her unseen towards the front of the house where a man he recognized from the picture sat wearing shorts and a tank top holding a drink in his hand which he set down on a table next to him with a pitcher. Eric could see the door to the man’s house was open.
The blonde reaching the male he saw handed the man the envelope and spoke “I’m a messenger from your wife. These are divorce papers drawn up that need your signature.”
The male he saw yanked out papers and appeared to fast reading the contents before throwing them up in the air which scattered around him from the behind.
Eric frowned as the male spoke “So what? Tell that miserable excuse of a wife that she’s not getting a penny from me. By the way would you like a drink of lemonade before you go tell her that message?”
The blonde spoke “Sure.”
The male reached behind him and pulled out an empty glass cup which he poured lemonade into from the pitcher on the table besides him. Eric watched as the male handed the cup to the blonde who drank her fill and placed it on the table besides the pitcher.
He heard her speak words slurred “I’ll tell the wife that she’s a miserable excuse.”
Eric stared at the blonde who shook her head rubbing a hand on her head and wobbled towards the stairs. Eric saw the male with a smirk on his face get up and picked her up carrying her into the house with him following. He watched as the male placed the blonde on a couch that shook her head before closing her eyes.
Eric stared at the furniture in the room and looked at the male who closed the front door locking it speaking in a singing like voice “I’m going to enjoy this.”
Eric stood as the male reached the blonde and to his shock fondled the blonde’s breasts and saw him yanking the material away from the area ripping it off and he grimaced seeing the man rub the blonde’s nipples playing with them with his fingers. Eric narrowed his eyes fisting his hands as the male ripped the dress and underwear off the blonde’s form revealing her front bared. He groaned inwardly as the male took off his shorts baring himself. Eric unclenched his hands and slowly moved tiptoeing till he was behind the male watching as the man yanked off his tank top. Eric raised a hand as the male settled himself on top of the woman and began doing a repeated thrusting motion while on top of her. He brought his hand on the male’s bare back digging his clawed hand into the spinal column area and pulled his hand making thick red scratches on the man’s back. Eric stepped back watching as the male gasped loudly stopping his thrusts and went still lying on the blonde. He pressed the button on the device on his chest and went to a chair sitting down waiting. The front door he saw smashed open as men wearing riot gear with guns in their hands and red goggles over their eyes with rounded hats on their heads arrived into the room. Eric frowned as two women wearing paramedic outfits each carrying a bag and a stretcher in hand followed the men. The paramedics went to examine the pair lying on the couch then yanked them apart he frowning seeing that the male appeared to have his sensitive part inside the blonde as he was yanked off of her to put them both onto the floor on their backs.
Eric stared as one of the men in riot gear went to stand in front of him blocking his view and getting his attention while speaking in a low toned voice towards him “Stay invisible and follow me to a helicopter now.”
Eric groaned and got up following the riot geared man outside the house till they reached the road where a helicopter sat with blades still. A male paramedic stood outside with arms folded as the two reached him.
He heard the riot geared man speak “Eric get in.”
Eric groaned some sound and got in the helicopter followed by the male paramedic. He looked to see a female paramedic sitting besides a stretcher. Eric sat on the stretcher staring out the window as the helicopter rose into the air flying over the land.
He heard the female paramedic speak “Eric, its ok to stop being invisible now.”
Eric obeyed revealing his form while staring out the window of the flying helicopter as it flew over forests of tree tops. He frowned as the helicopter left the land flying over a large body of water passing over two identical large sea boats with a colorful funnel like object jutting from the tops of them while sitting at the docks. Then the helicopter flew over land showing tall towering buildings reaching the sky and passed them. Eric stared at the scene as the helicopter flew over forests of trees and went lower flying over them. Eric frowned as the helicopter hovered over a break in the forests of trees and entered the opening lowering till the machine reached the ground landing with a thump. Eric stared out the window to see the familiar orderlies in white with masks over the lower parts of their faces stood with dart guns in their hands and a wheelchair sitting between them. A large metal fence stood behind them with an opening.
Eric frowned as the male paramedic opened the helicopter door and spoke “Eric, get out. Go sit in the wheelchair now.”
Eric got out of the helicopter and went to the wheelchair sitting in it. He frowned as one of the men in white aimed his gun at him and he flinch feeling a dart land on him on his neck area. Eric groaned feeling the sleepiness over take him and he closed his eyes falling asleep.

Chapter eighteen
Eric jerked his head up while feeling a motion of a vehicle and sensed himself in a familiar vehicle while feeling cool air. His clawed hands were bare and he was still wearing a jumpsuit with the familiar devices around him.
He opened his eyes to stare at the familiar woman who spoke in a rude tone “It’s about time you woke up. Here’s your target.”
She held up a picture of a woman wearing a dress with a doctor’s coat over it while standing on the sidewalk. The sun was shining high in the sky light shining in the vehicle's windows.
The woman continued “You’re to go into the house with the messenger bait and scratch target on the face on her cheek with one hand. You understand?”
Eric nodded his head as the woman yanked on her goggles as the vehicle stopped.
She spoke again “Turn invisible and get in the messenger van.”
He held up his cuffed wrists as she held up a key and took them off of him as one of the men wearing riot gear behind him opened the vehicle's doors. Eric got out into the heat seeing a brown vehicle twin looking to the vehicle he was in, in front of him with wording on it he couldn't read or register as he saw a human male dressed entirely in brown with a cap on his head who had some lettering on his cap and t-shirt that seemed twinning to the words on the vehicle who opened the van he assumed it was called's doors.
Eric got inside as the woman was heard loudly speaking “He’s in, start driving.”
He sat down among the packages as the man closed the doors and got in the driver’s seat.
He heard the man speak “Tap me on the shoulder once you’re out of the van.”
Eric spoke “Fine.”
He sat staring at the man who started the van and drove it going through twists and turns with air blowing from the open windows.
Eric frowned as the man stopped the van turning it off speaking “Well we’re here.”
The man got out and opened the driver's side door and he waited as the male opened the doors to the van's side which he got out of the van tapping the man on the shoulder who yanked a small brown package from a pile then slammed the van doors closed. Eric followed the man through rows of trees to the red front door of a large white house. The man pressed a button besides the door and Eric heard a ringing sound coming from inside faintly. He stood and waited as the door opened showing the woman from the picture with a glare on her face while wearing clothes similar to the woman with red goggles on.
Eric followed the man into the house who barged passed the woman as the female was heard protested loudly “Hey! Don’t do that, it’s rude!”
He inside the house tapped the man on the shoulder who spoke “Sorry I had to see the inside of your house. Here’s a package for you from your husband.”
The woman he heard spoke with an annoyance in her voice snatching the package from the man’s hands “Ex-husband and is there anything else you like to see? This house isn’t a museum.”
The man he saw shook his head in some no gesture and left the house with the woman slamming the door behind him.
Eric heard the woman speak “Good riddance, don’t they teach people manners anymore?”
Eric raised his hand as the woman abruptly dropped the package on a small table next to the stairs and jogged up them with him silently rushing after her. He frowned as she yanked off her top revealing underwear covering her breasts. He followed her walking into a hallway then entered a room through a doorway with a large bed in it which she threw the top on the bed. Eric went to stand in front of her as she bent down to take off her pants. He grabbed her shoulder length hair fisting it with his hand and yanked her head up as she gasped. Eric brought his hand to her face digging the claw into her cheek which he brought down leaving red scratch marks. He let go of her turning visible and walked away as the woman swayed groaning loudly before falling onto the rugged floor lying still. Eric reached for the button when movement caught his eyes. He stared at the moment showing a figure dressed in a blue jumpsuit from a large oval object held up on black standing legs in front of him in the corner of the room. The figure he saw had short black hair, tanned skin with golden eyes and had a male form with objects wrapped around the chest and forehead. Eric walked forward as the figure walked forward. He moved his left hand and saw the figure copy him moving but using the opposite hand from the looks of it while facing him. Eric frowned of confusion staring at the figure and moved his arms as the figure copied him. He walked forwards with a hand out as the figure walked forward with a hand out. Eric touched the long object which felt cold and smooth to the touch while staring at the figure with a frown. He bared his teeth as the figure bared his teeth and moved copying him when he moved. Eric sighed and rubbed a hand on his head as the figure did the same. He pressed the button attached to the devices on his chest and went to the bed sitting down waiting. He heard a crashing sound coming from downstairs and heard thudding noises of running feet as people with male and female forms wearing riot gear with red goggles over their eyes came into the room guns drawn. Eric frowned as they separated to allow two women wearing paramedic outfits come into the room each carrying a bag and one holding a stretcher board. The women went to the woman lying on the floor and began examining her. Eric stiffened feeling the rages arrive and placed his hands on his forehead shutting his eyes.
He felt a hand on his shoulder and heard a male voice speak “Turn invisible and follow me to the van."
Eric forced open his eyes with anger through out him seeing dark blue movements surrounded by whiteness in his eyes sight. He got up from the bed with a roar and attacked the movements with his fisted hands which he hit hard. He barely heard yelling words not understood as he charged at the movements. Eric grabbed a figure by the neck and felt the rages leave him followed by a strange mating urge in his sensitive part, below the waist between his legs. He blinked his eyes to stare at a female wearing riot geared clothing with back on the wall hands clawing his hand around her throat while gagging loudly as he held her up feet dangling. Eric lowered her till her feet touched the floor and he kept his hold on her neck as he yanked off her red goggles and hat with his other hand. He stared at the woman with black hair and brown eyes that was in a narrowed glare as she gagged from his hand around her neck. Eric loosened his hold letting her breathe but still kept a hold on her neck and placed his free hand onto her chest ripping off the armor revealing black clothing showing her curved breasts making his mouth water unexpectedly. He let go of the woman’s neck that brought a fist into his face which he shook his head stunned from the blow. Eric looked to see the woman run away from him which he followed tackling her in the hallway. He thrust the woman onto her back while holding her wrists with both hands and pinned her body with his body which made the mating urge get stronger.
The woman he heard yelled with an annoyed tone “Let go of me now!”
Eric adjusted his hold by placing her hands together which he gripped with his hand as his other hand went to cover her mouth.
He spoke “Talk and I’ll scratch your face. I mean it.”
He moved his hand from her mouth to grip her chin and continued speaking “I want to kiss you on the lips so don’t fight me or I’ll scratch you.”
Eric stared at the woman whose eyes narrowed in a glare at him as he lowered his face till his lips touched hers. He felt a jolt of pleasure arrive like currents throughout him as he kissed her with his open eyes staring at her open widen eyes as her form relaxed in his hold. Eric broke off the kiss to raise his head smiling a small smile and he moved his hand from her chin moving it downward. He rubbed his hand from her bare neck to the sides of her chest then went lower till he reached between them touching an area between her legs pressing hard with the fabric over it. Eric felt the woman arch her back as she gasped loudly from his hand which he gently rubbed.
He spoke “I desire to mate with you."
He continued rubbing and roared loudly as he felt a great weight on his back followed by a covered up arm around his forehead as he felt a prick of pain in his neck. Eric struggled against the weight on his back letting go of the woman who grabbed his hand in an ironclad grip as sleepiness arrived. He jerked his head shaking and closed his eyes falling asleep with a groan.
 
Chapter nineteen
Eric sat in the cafeteria wearing a blue jumpsuit and sighed feeling the air which was cool. He frowned seeing the others sitting in pairs, male and female. Eric got up and went to Ionela who was talking to John.
His sister spoke as he neared them “Eric, private conversation.”
He went to the other Hybrid pairs who repeated Ionela’s words. Groaning to himself he left the cafeteria to his cell and sat on the mattress.
He stared at the ceiling and spoke out loud “It’s not fair.”
Eric threw a gloved fist onto the mattress and grumbled repeating the words as he heard a beep sound and heard the intercom voice come on speaking “All Hybrids back to cells now.”
He got up and slammed the cell door closed with a bang and went to his mattress to sit. He frowned as the lights above turned off and he lay down on the mattress staring at the ceiling. Eric moved his eyes to stare at the small square window as metal slammed over it and there was smoke billowing from the grate underneath the sink fogging up the cell. Eric coughed breathing the smoke as sleepiness arrived and he fell asleep.

Eric jerked his head while feeling the familiar motion of a vehicle and his nose smelled something which he forced opened his eyes. He saw a hand remove the small bottle from underneath his nose and looked up at the familiar woman with the mean look on her face.
The woman capped the bottle putting it in her pocket. Then she held up a picture of headshot of a man with grey hair with a flashlight shining over it as the sun disappeared down the horizon.
She spoke “This is your target. You’re to go inside the house with the messenger bait we set off and kill this man by breaking his neck. I repeat break his neck then signal us and we’ll take it from here.”
Eric felt the familiar devices on his form and he angrily spoke “Why don’t you lock up Arielia so I won’t have to worry about her getting hurt from being in the world?”
The woman gaped at him as he continued “I’ll do it but I want a female Hybrid for companionship. I’m sick of being lonely.”
He stared at the woman who frowned and then she spoke “I’ll see what I can do on getting you a female Hybrid.”
The vehicle stopped and the woman spoke again putting on her goggles “Turn invisible and get in the van with the messenger bait.”
Eric obeyed leaving the van and entered the brown van by the side while slamming the door closed behind him and saw the driver a man with short blonde hair dressed in brown sitting in the driver’s seat.
Eric heard the woman speak through an open window at the passenger seat “Henry, he’s in, start driving.”
Eric sat on the floor next to series of scattered stacked brown boxes as Henry started the vehicle and drove. He absent mildly stared at Henry who appeared to glanced a few times through a reflected oval object attached to the see through window in front of him he seeing the male's eyes peering through it as if trying to see him making him annoyed.
The vehicle stopped to his relief and Henry he heard spoke out loud loudly “We’re here. Tap me on the shoulder once you’re out of the van please.”
Eric stood up as Henry got out of the van and opened the side door yanking a box and a large thick clipboard. He got out of the van and tapped Henry on the shoulder that closed the van door. He followed Henry under the glare of lights shining from the ground to the front door of a large house. He frowned as Henry rang the doorbell and waited as the door opened revealing a man wearing a suit that he saw was from the picture.
Henry spoke “Delivery for you, need your signature.”
Eric slipped passed the man into the house as Henry handed him the clipboard. He stood and waited as the man signed the clipboard and handed it back to Henry then took the package and slammed the door. He watched as the man walked away entering a room with gleaming appliances in it. Eric stood behind the man as he set down the package and grabbed the man’s head and gave a twist. He heard a snapping crack sound as the man’s form went limp. He dropped the man’s form onto the floor and spied an open doorway with a door open that led to outside with no one in sight. He with a growl stared at the man lying on the floor. He snarled some sound while yanking off the devices from his head and chest. He tossed them onto the floor and went to the doorway walking out as night vision became dominant due to the sun gone from the horizon and sunset gone. Eric walked out of the house walking into the darkness of the forest with night vision. He passed by a tree and paused when he saw two figures wearing riot gear standing there with guns in their hands.
He heard a male voice from one of them speak “Come on, Eric, give us the signal. I don’t want to stay here with the bears wandering around at night.”
Eric froze as his companion looked in his direction and then looked away appearing to not see him while speaking “How long do we have to wait before we barge in if Eric doesn’t give the signal?”
He heard the first male reply “About a certain time period to go as ordered by our commander before going in if Eric doesn’t give the signal.”
Eric tiptoed passed the riot geared men as the second male gave a sound of disgust. He walked further into the forest and reached a dirt road. Frowning Eric walked on the dirt road following it till it led to a house with lights shining from it. Nearby was a river that was moving in a slow pace. He groaned while hearing a female voice sound yell a scream and ran to the source. Eric stared with shock to see a large furry creature on fours slowly walking towards a woman whose back was touching a tree and there was a fear look on her face. He turned himself visible yanking off his gloves putting them in his pockets as the creature stood on two legs roaring some sound. He attacked the creature with a roar clawing it from behind. The creature howled and stood on fours turning around to face Eric who turned invisible. Eric attacked the creature’s face clawing it on the eyes as the rages arrived. He roared turning visible attacking the creature with his clawed hands as the creature was felt swiping him on the right arm with its claw nearly knocking him off balance. Eric in response charged at the creature clawing its face he felt from the clawing as the creature roared some sound of pain to him before becoming silent.
He clawed and clawed the creature sensing it stop its attack aimed at him and became still pausing from his attack after he heard a female voice speak sounding firm “Stop it! The bear is dead! You can stop now!”
Eric closed his eyes lowering his hands as the feeling of pleasure arrived and sighed loudly as the rages left him.
The female spoke again “I’m alright. The bear surprised me as I was walking from the river.”
Eric opened his eyes and stared at the creature a bear he assumed as what it was called as he felt the female laid a hand on his left arm bringing more currents of pleasure through out him.
He stared at her as she spoke “You’re bleeding, come into the house with me and I’ll fix you up.”
Eric shrugged off her hand and gave the bear a shove. The bear’s body tumbled down the bank falling into the river which took the bear away.
He winced feeling the pain in his right arm as the woman spoke with a pleading tone “Please come into the house and let me help you.”
Eric sighed as he put on his gloves and felt her hand again touch his left arm in a grip. He allowed her to pull him towards the house going up the stairs of the entrance to the door which she opened and he went inside. The woman closed the door behind him and pulled down some cloth covering the door’s window.
She spoke pointing to an object that was on the large side and looked like it was some kind of seat to him “Go sit down on the couch while I get the first aid kit.”
Eric obeyed sitting on the couch he assumed as it was called as the woman went to around the corner disappearing from his eyes’ sight.
He frown seeing papers on the table in front of the couch and stared at them with the headers of large red words said “Classified sensitive material.”
Eric kept himself sitting ignoring the papers eyeing the direction where the woman disappeared as the female returned carrying a small white box which she set on the couch next to him. He stared at her long black hair which was pulled back in a tail as she rummaged through the box. He sat wincing as she pulled out a metal object and stared clipping away at his torn sleeve cutting the material off.
He heard her speak “Well the cuts aren’t so bad. They appear to be healing but I think they should be cleaned. I’ll get some water.”
Eric grabbed her arm as she was about to get up from the couch.
He spoke “No water, it’ll kill me like poison.”
The woman frowned as he paused and continued “I’m not entirely Human but a part of me is part something else. I’m referred as Eric, a Hybrid.”
He stared at the woman who sighed and spoke as he let go of her arm “The name is Brianna.”
Eric watched Brianna he assumed was her name she spoken to him, as she got up from the couch carrying the box and went around the corner in the other room. He rubbed his arm as a small smile came on his lips which he frowned as Brianna appeared carrying folded clothing in her hands.
He stared at her as she thrust the clothes to him while speaking “These are my brother’s clothes. They should fit you. Feel free to change into them.”
Eric stood up settling aside the clothes and zipped down his jumpsuit sighing as he felt no pain from his right arm.
He removed his shoes from his socked feet and yanked off the jumpsuit showing him wearing underwear shorts revealing his muscular physique, which she took the jumpsuit after giving him a scrutiny look while speaking “I’ll see about getting rid of this for you.”
He watched her disappear behind the corner carrying his torn jumpsuit. Eric changed into the clothes which were blue pants of a thick material and a red long sleeve top which he tucked in the pants and put back on the shoes. He sigh feeling the material of the clothes on him which fit him perfectly from the feel of them on his form. Eric stood as Brianna came back from around the corner to stand staring at him.
He looked at her as she sighed and spoke while pointing at a door in the wall “My bedroom is in there, do you want it? I can take the couch.”
Eric sighed as he spoke “That’s alright, I’ll take the couch.”
He continued to look at her as she went to the table in front of the couch and began gathering up papers. He frowned as a picture slid from the papers and landed in front of him. Eric narrowed his eyes seeing it was a head shot of himself and growled loudly as Brianna paused from her work.
He fisted his gloved hands glaring at Brianna who spoke “Oh the jig is up. I work at the prison where you’re kept in. These papers are what they know files on you. If you want to read them, go ahead but let me set it in order.”
Eric folded his arms as Brianna shuffled the papers putting them in a pile on the table. He stood watching as she grabbed the picture of himself and set it on top of the paper pile on the table then straightened up to stand staring at him. Eric jerked his head closing his eyes as the rages arrived. He brought his hands to his face growling loudly and felt Brianna put her arms at his back, her form pressing into his chest as her head went to his shoulder. Eric yanked his hands as he opened his eyes seeing nothing but whiteness. He roared loudly then closed his eyes becoming silent.
Eric heard Brianna’s voice speaking “It’s alright Eric, it’ll pass, don’t worry.”
He sighed and moaned some sound feeling jolts of pleasure from Brianna’s form touching him as he felt a strong mating urge from his sensitive part. Eric opened his eyes and stared at her brown eyes as she looked at him in the face. He brought a gloved hand touching her cheek stroking it and heard her moan some sound as he felt her push her cheek into his hand.
Eric sighed as she spoke “The bed is big enough for the both of us. We can share it if you want.”
He spoke as she let go of him “We’ll share.”
Eric sighed as Brianna grabbed his left hand pulling him into the bedroom where he saw a large bed stood alone with two lighted objects over it jutting from the headboard. He sighed again as she brought him to the bed turning off the lighted objects from yanking on two chains coming from it. He went to the bed lying down on it and felt the bed move as she got on it.
He sensed Brianna move to put her hands on his cheeks rubbing them as he spoke staring at her with night vision “Brianna, I like to kiss you on the lips. May I?”
Eric heard her speak “You have my permission.”
He closed his eyes putting his hands on her back rubbing while feeling her lips touching his. Eric moaned from the back of his throat as he felt a jolt of pleasure arrive and deepened the kiss feeling himself getting harder. He heard Brianna moan some sound as his hands went to her breasts, stroking and rubbing them despite fabric blocking his way as he felt her push her form into his moving hands.
Eric moaned loudly as there was a loud banging sound followed by a male voice speaking in a loud tone “Brianna! I know you’re in there! There’s something I got to tell you immediately!”
Eric groaned as Brianna broke off the kiss speaking “Drat, that brother of mine. His timing is terrible.”
He got off the bed as she did the same and he turned invisible as she left the bedroom going to the door yanking it open.
He heard Brianna with an annoyed tone in her voice speak “Henry, what do you want now? I’m trying to sleep!”
Eric stiffened with shock recognizing the man standing at the doorway that he saw was the van messenger driver still wearing his delivery outfit.
He stared at Henry who spoke “Brianna, its Eric who was sent to do a mission at a house a mile from here which he did but he escaped.”
He heard Brianna speak in a questioning tone “What mission and him escaped? What you mean escaped?”
Eric bared his teeth as Henry brushed pass Brianna walking into the house speaking “They sent him to kill a target which he was supposed to signal that he did the job. He didn’t signal and after a period time of waiting they went inside to find target dead and his signal device lying on the floor. They can’t seem to find him any where in the house so their assuming he escaped into the forest somewhere.”
Eric growled softly as Henry paced with his arms folding and unfolding.
Brianna spoke “I can handle myself and Eric too.”
Henry spoke “I know that. You have some interest towards Eric like I have with his sister Ionela.”
Eric widen his eyes at the sound of Ionela’s name and narrowed his eyes fisting his hands glaring at Henry from his position in the bedroom doorway.
Brianna spoke “Thanks for warning me. I’ll keep a look out for Eric if he comes this way.”
Eric watched as Henry stopped his pacing to stand staring at Brianna and he spoke “Eric’s in the house.”
Eric silently moved himself till he was behind Henry with his hands fisted as Brianna spoke “What are you talking about?”
Henry spoke “My senses are alerting me to his presence. Their same feeling whenever I’m near Ionela or Eric at the prison. He’s in the house in his hidden state.”
Eric raised a fisted hand as Brianna pointed at the door and spoke in a loud angry tone of voice “Get out!”
Eric hesitated with fist raised behind Henry who spoke “I’m sorry Brianna. I don’t want you to get hurt.”
He heard sounds of glass breaking and looked to see several small canisters arrive billowing smoke as men in riot gear wearing red goggles came barging into the house from smashing through windows. Eric roared as he felt a prick of pain hit him in the back followed by the sleepiness as he heard Henry and Brianna coughing away. He hit the floor as blackness swallowed him.

Chapter twenty
Eric woke up with a gasp staring at the familiar ceiling lights in the cell. He sat up and felt himself to discover that he was wearing clothes which were pants of some thick material and a long sleeve top tucked into the pants that confused him. Frowning he scratched his head of confusion as the lights turned on overhead and he saw the door slid open admitting two covered up figures dressed in white with black face plate masks while one was carrying an erasable pad with a marker.
Eric stared at the figures that wrote words and held up the pad which he read “Do you know a female named Brianna?”
Eric stared at the pad and spoke “No, I don’t know. Why am I in these clothes?”
He frowned as the figure erased the words and wrote something then held up the pad which he saw “Do you remember anything that happened to you involving a female named Brianna?”
Eric shook his head and spoke “No I don’t remember anything about a female named Brianna for I don’t even remember how I got in these clothes.”
Eric saw the suited up figures look at each other then he added “I want to keep wearing the clothes, they feel right to me.”
He stared at them as they looked at each other and left the cell sliding closed the door. Eric frowned as metal slid over the window followed by smoke billowing into the room. He yawned as sleepiness feelings arrived and laid on the mattress falling asleep.

Eric jerked his head feeling pricks of pain while opening his eyes to discover he was lying on a bed wearing nothing but his underwear shorts. He felt his arms were restrained by chain manacles and so were his ankles to the bed he was lying on. He could see on his sides were two covered up figures that were jabbing his skin painfully with needles attached to tubes and leaving them in his skin. Eric roared loudly shaking from the pain and moving his form as the figures continued injecting him with needles. He growled roaring at the figures that stopped their jabbing to walk away as another figure walked forward holding a needle syringe with clear liquid sloshing in it. He jerked his head as he felt the figure injected the needle syringe in a bare spot on his neck and he narrowed his eyes as the familiar feeling of sleepiness arrived. Eric shook his head drooping it as the sleepiness persisted and he laid his head back closing his eyes while feeling the sleepiness over took him.

Eric sat up with a growling like roar opening his eyes. He frowned sitting in his cell with the overhead lights on. Eric shook his head and got up wobbling from the weakness feeling. He stumbled out of the cell towards the double doors that led to the cafeteria. Groaning he walked with a gloved hand on the wall to the double doors pushing them open to stumble into the room where he fell in a kneeling position as the doors slammed closed behind him.
He saw the Hybrids looking at him with shock on their faces and heard Ionela shout “Eric!”
Eric shook his head putting hands on the floor leaning forwards as the Hybrids and his sister he saw while glancing at them ran towards him. He heard them chatting all talking at once as they placed their hands on him lifting him up to stand and forcing him to walk to a table where he was pushed to sit on a bench.
Eric groaned loudly as Ionela yelled “Quiet!”
Chatter he heard stopped as Ionela he heard added “Eric, what happened and why are you in these clothes?”
Eric leaned back against the table as Ionela was felt rubbing a hand on his forehead.
He groaned out “I don’t remember how I got in these clothes. I think it’s why they put me through this painful needle jabbing test.”
Ionela, he saw, frowned staring at him as he groaned some more putting hands on his forehead as the rages arrived clouding up his eyes sight with whiteness.
He gasped out “Ionela, rages.”
Eric shut his eyes and used his willpower to keep them closed as he felt hands grab his arms, his body and head in a tight grip. He roared a growling sound and fisted his hands on his forehead as the anger went through out him.
He shook shaking as he heard a voice speaking in his ear words heard “Eric, the rages will pass like they always do.”
He concentrated on calming himself down as the anger left him and breathe deeply through his mouth exhaling and inhaling air. Eric sighed as he opened his eyes removing his hands from his forehead and stared at the Hybrids whose hands were on him in a tight grip.
He heard Ionela speak “You can let go of him now.”
He felt the Hybrids let go of him as he turned to look at Ionela sitting besides him on the bench.
Eric opened his mouth to speak when the intercom sounded with a beep followed by a voice speaking “All Hybrids are to go to their cells now.”
He sigh standing up wobbling and felt Ionela place his arm on her shoulder as John did the same with his other arm. He didn’t protest as the two led him out of the cafeteria to his cell and laid him on the mattress. Eric pulled the blanket on his form as Ionela with John left the cell sliding the door closed behind her. He closed his eyes and heard a sound of a metal slamming and opened his eyes to see metal covering the window of his cell. He coughed as smoke filled up his cell and he closed his eyes going unconscious till he woke up smelling something underneath his nose and jerked his eyes open to stare at a woman with the mean look on her face.
She, as he stared at her, put away the small bottle held in her hands in a pocket as she spoke “About time you woke up. There’s a mission for you to do.”
Eric felt himself sitting in a chair in a room with armed with guns riot geared people wearing red goggles standing around watching him. He was wearing devices wrapped around his chest and forehead he felt from its tightness on him. The woman thrust him a picture a head shot of a woman with black hair and brown eyes.
She continued “You’re to go inside her apartment with the delivery bait we set off and kill her by breaking her neck. I repeat break her neck then signal us and we’ll take it from here, you understand?”
Eric nodded his head as he stood up from the chair.
The woman spoke “Turn invisible and follow him to the apartment. Be sure to tap him on the shoulder once your inside.”
He saw her point to a man wearing an all brown outfit with a large thin rectangular package in his hands. Eric turned invisible and followed the man out of the room to a hallway and went to a doorway that led to stairs going up and down. The two went up the stairs and entered a hallway through a doorway. Eric frowned following the man passing doors with wording on them that made him think they were numbers but couldn't register the lettering till they reached a door and the man pressed a button in the wall. He heard a faint ringing sound and eyed the door seemingly for a short time as the door opened revealing the woman from the picture standing there. Eric followed the delivery man brushing pass the woman into the apartment.
The woman he heard spoke “What are you doing? Get out.”
The delivery man he heard spoke “Sorry I had to see your apartment.”
Eric hidden tapped him on the shoulder as the woman grabbed the man’s clipboard writing with her right hand and thrust it at the man who handed her the package which she snatched. The delivery man he saw left the apartment with her slamming the door behind him. Eric raised his gloved hands following the woman who went to a table slamming down the package. He stood behind her and grabbed her head as the rages arrived turning him visible. He let go of her head while placing his hands on his forehead as he closed his eyes. Eric jerked growling loudly with anger throughout him as a memory arrived in his mind’s eye. In it he was lying on a bed in the darkness with the woman lying on top of him, her hands on his cheeks and she was lowering her head, lips touching his in a kiss. She kissed his lips as he kissed her back with his hands rubbing her back. Eric shook groaning loudly as he felt someone holding him in a hug from his standing position while feeling himself getting hard.
He breathed through his mouth exhaling and inhaling air as he heard the woman’s voice speaking “It’s alright, Eric, it’ll pass.”
Eric forced open his eyes to stare at the woman’s brown eyes.
He spoke “Who are you and why don’t I remember you? Why do I have a memory of kissing you?”
The woman exhaled air before speaking “The name is Brianna. You’re on sleep drugs that are making you forget things. You and I did kiss each other which were interrupted by my brother.”
Eric felt her let of him as he growled loudly yanking off the devices on his forehead and chest.
He angrily threw them on the floor while speaking “They have you as my target to kill you.”
Brianna, he saw, rubbed a hand on her forehead before speaking “They don’t want anyone to get close to you and the Hybrids. That’s my guess from the One denying me a chance with you and having you target me.”
Eric growled out “Screw them.”
He reached for Brianna who didn’t protest as he plopped his hands on her shoulders and lowered his face kissing her on the lips with his. He felt Brianna place her hands on his cheeks as he placed his hands on her back pushing her form to his. Eric heard the door behind him crash open and broke off the kiss to spin around while hearing a sound of a dart gun going off followed by a prick of pain in his chest. He shook his head staring at the men in riot gear darting into the apartment as he kneeled on the floor with Brianna’s hands on his left arm. 
He heard Brianna yell “I don’t like you doing this!”
Eric fell towards the floor falling unconscious.

Chapter twenty one
Eric jerked his head awake smelling something underneath his nose. He forced open his eyes to see that he was in a vehicle. Looking around there were riot geared people in the seats behind him as facing him in the seat in front of him was a woman with a mean look on her face who capped the small bottle in her hand before pocketing it.
She spoke in a rude tone he grimaced inwardly from the voice's tone while holding up two pictures in his eyesight, one of a face looking feminine with long black hair and brown eyes and of an object he wasn't sure what it was “This is your target. You’re to go out of the vehicle in your invisible state to this car. You will wait for target to come out of the building and break her neck once she reaches the car. I repeat wait till target is next to the car to break her neck, you understand?”
Eric frowned and nodded his head as the woman yanked opened the vehicle's door showing the rising sun of a new day. He turned invisible, got out walking pass cars he assumed were they sitting in a single line till he spotted the car from the picture and he went to it to stand waiting with arms folded. He didn't have to wait long as he saw movement out of the corner of his eyes looked to see the woman from the picture walking towards him with a large black bag hung by a strap on her shoulder while dressed in black clothes. She, he saw had a frown look on her face and was staring at the ground with her brown eyes. Eric lowered his arms glaring at her as she reached him. He brought his hands to the woman’s head touching her as the rages arrived. He jerked yanking his hands from her head to his forehead while closing his eyes feeling himself turn visible. Eric groaned as memories arrived in his mind’s eye showing himself and the female he remembered was Brianna. Eric groaned loudly as he felt someone’s form hugging him with arms on his back rubbing as the rages left him. He lowered his hands as he opened his eyes to stare at Brianna’s brown eyes.
She spoke with an annoyed tone he heard “Not again.”
Eric sighed as he rubbed a hand on her cheek and felt her push her face into his stroking hand.
He stiffened as he felt a prick of pain in his back followed by sleepiness and sensed Brianna yawn words slurred “Oh darted me.”
Eric wrapped his arms around her form as she let go of him lowering himself and her to the ground. He surrendered to the drug’s contents with her held in his arms while lying on the ground falling asleep.

Eric jerked his eyes awake sensing him sitting in a chair and stared at a man with red orange hair with a mustache and a beard while wearing a blue jumpsuit. The man’s eyes appeared serious as he capped the small bottle from waving it under Eric’s nose and placed it in a side pocket of his jumpsuit. He felt himself and discovered his gloves were off his clawed hands.
Eric stared at the man who spoke “Turn invisible and wait here alone. There’s a woman who’ll come in the room. Use your hands to claw her on the face and break her neck, you understand?”
Eric nodded his head form turning invisible. The man turned around walking pass a large bed, opening a door, turning off the lights with a switch while leaving the room, closing the door behind him with a slam. Eric sighed in the darkness with night vision blaring in his eyesight and adjusted his position in the chair staring at the door as it opened showing a woman with black hair dressed in black carrying a large black bag in her hands who turned on the lights by the same familiar switch.
He got up from the chair as she walked further into the room and threw her bag onto the bed while loudly speaking “Drat the one and his stubbornness.”
Eric charged at the woman placing his hands on her face and he stiffened as the rages arrived turning him visible. He let go of the woman to shut his eyes, growling loudly, fisting his hands and felt the woman hug him while hearing her speak words not understood.
Eric jerked as memories arrived in his mind’s eye and he growled out “Brianna.”
He forced open his eyes to stare at the woman he recognized to be Brianna holding him in a hug with her arms as she stared back at him in the face. He placed his hands on her back rubbing as she rubbed his back and laid her head on his shoulder as he sighed loudly. Eric looked to see the door to the room banged open as riot geared men came barging in shooting darts at the two. He flinched feeling a dart hit him as he felt Brianna’s arms let go of him and he kept his hold on her. He roared as Brianna was yanked from his arms while falling to his knees as he shook his head of the sleepiness. Eric sensed one of the men behind him and felt pain on the back of his head as something hit him hard and he fell towards the floor falling unconscious.

Eric shook his head as he smelled something underneath his nose and forced open his eyes to stare at a man with red orange short hair, a mustache and beard on his face while wearing a blue jumpsuit. The man, he saw capped a small bottle placing it in his pocket while standing up from a squat position. Eric sensed his gloves off, himself lying on a floor that felt like rugs piled on top of each other and he sat up to discover that he was in a large room with overhead lights above him.
He frowned as the man spoke “Eric, come with me.”
He got up and followed the man to a wall who spoke “There’s a woman tied up who’s gone insane in a room. Please put her out of her misery with whatever way you want.”
Eric nodded his head as the man put a hand on the wall which opened like a door to his surprise. He entered the doorway to see a woman with long black hair sitting in the corner of a padded room shaking her head mumbling words. He could see that the woman had white cloth over her tank top tying her arms across herself and was wearing white pants with her feet bare.
Eric walked on the pads with his shoes on and reached the woman who mumbled loudly words heard by him repeating over and over “I love him, I want him.”
He with disgust on his face kneeled next to the woman and placed his clawed hands on the sides of her head and stiffened as the rages arrived. Eric yanked his hands from her head placing them on his forehead while shutting his eyes closed while growling loudly.
He stiffened as memories arrived in his mind and he spoke out loud “Brianna.”
Eric yanked his hands from his head opening his eyes to stare at the woman he recognized as Brianna sitting next to him still mumbling to her words. He placed both hands on her cheeks and lowered his face kissing her on the lips and sensed her kissing him back. He broke off the kiss to stare at Brianna’s brown eyes as she stared at him.
He spoke “Brianna” as she spoke “Eric.”
Eric ripped off the binds holding her arms with a growl. He tossed the material away as Brianna placed her arms around him. He placed a knuckle on her cheek rubbing as his other hand went to her back rubbing it over the material of the tank top. Eric flinched feeling a prick of pain in his side and growled loudly feeling the familiar dart embedded in him. He shook his head as the sleepiness arrived and lowered himself onto the padded floor with Brianna still clinging to him.
He heard her whisper words heard “Eric, we’ll be together for I’ll see to it.”
Eric closed his eyes surrendering to sleep falling unconscious.

Chapter twenty two
Eric found himself lying on a mattress and jerked his eyes open as he heard the door slid open and he sat up as the overhead lights turning on as two suited up figures walked in the cell one carrying an erasable pad and marker in hands. He groaned rubbing a gloved hand on his forehead as he stared at the figure writing.
Once finished with the writing the figure held up the pad which he read “A new Hybrid a female dubbed Sue has arrived put in Kurt’s cell. She has a medical condition that makes her not aware of her surroundings or people around her. Doctors are working on something to help Sue out of the medical condition which will take time for it isn’t easily treatable.”
Eric lowered his hand as the figure lowered the pad to erase the words with a covered up hand and continued writing words then held up the pad.
He read “We are counting on you, Eric, to help Sue with her needs and care as long as she stays with the Hybrids.”
He groaned as the figure lowered the pad erasing the words then left the cell with companion following. He saw the door slid closed and lay down closing his eyes struggling to sleep till he felt a familiar urge opened his eyes and eyed the toilet and with a groan got up heading towards it. He once done went back to the mattress and laid his form down only to hear the door to the cell slid open and opened his eyes as the overhead lights turned on blaring their lightness illuminating the cell. Groaning loudly he got up and left his cell as the others left theirs. He went to Kurt’s cell sliding open the door to stare at a female figure with short black hair wearing a jumpsuit lying on the mattress with brown eyes open unblinking with a far away look in her face. Eric sighed and walked into the cell and squatting next to the mattress putting a hand on the female Sue he assumed was her name’s arm shaking her. He frowned as she didn’t acknowledge him shaking her by continuing to lie on the mattress eyes staring at the ceiling unblinking. Frowning he pulled her arm pulling her into a sitting position then stood up pulling her into a standing position while letting go of her. He grimaced as her hands went around his left upper arm in a clinging tight grip. Exhaling air he escorted Sue out of the cell into the cafeteria slamming the doors. He saw Ionela and the others look his way with annoyance looks that turned to questioning looks on their faces.
He spoke loudly “They visited my cell before waking time to tell me which I’m telling you. This is Sue a Hybrid who has a medical condition which makes her not aware of people and things around her. I’m told that the doctors are working on helping her with her medical condition which isn’t easily cured. They told me that their depending on me to help with her care issues.”
He got no complaints from the other Hybrids as he got a tray with Sue still clinging to his arm and loaded up double the dishware and utensils then filled the dishware each with nourishment and carried it to a table away from the Hybrids to set the tray down. He sighed and yanked Sue's hands off his arm despite resistance done and placed her down on a bench and sat next to her she resuming her hands' clinging onto his arm. He felt annoyance take hold as he without a word fed Sue the food that appeared to accept it by the spoon touching her lips and she opening her mouth to take it in and swallowing it. He found her taking all the nourishment in the dishware he fed her along with drinking all of the cup's contents he brought to her lips. He resumed to take in the nourishment for himself then once done found Sue had stopped clinging to his arm and was staring at him with some look on her face like she was expecting him to order her something. He sighed and thrust the tray into her front she gripped and looked away only to feel the edge of it bang against the side of his head making him annoyed. He looked at Sue weave walking towards the dishwashing machine making a beeline towards it as if knowing on where to go and eyed her expertly putting away the dishes, tray and utensils as if knowing how before making another weave walking beeline towards him to resume sitting next to him her hands still clinging to his arm and forming a far away expression on her face.
Eric felt himself not complaining of that as Ionela came up to him speaking "Want me to show her where everything is around here such as the pool room and outside as well?"
He sighed and didn't comment a response to Ionela's question instead got up with Sue still clinging to him and handed her off despite resistance done to Ionela to find the female Hybrid giving off screaming wailing crying sounds as his sister got a hold of the female. Eric frowned as Ionela without a word handed Sue back to him who stopped her noises and resumed clinging her hands on his arm and appeared to be calmed down by her hands' hold onto him.
Eric heard Ionela speak "Sounds to me that she's seeing you as a parental guardian judging by the way she's acting around you so good luck on showing her the pool room and outside as well."
He saw Ionela leave him going to sit next to John both appearing to be in a talk words unheard by him. He towed Sue to the hallway entrance leading to the pool room and outside to find a gated bars fence blocking the way that gave up a familiar humming sound and didn't appear to budge from it's blocking which he sighed and went back to a table to sit still eyeing the hallway entrance to find the familiar gate was still in its place and still refusing to budge from its position.
He groaned thinking to himself "Drat the prison wardens locked us out from going outside or hitting the pool room. Must be Kurt's escape as reason why they did it Hmph."
He found his efforts to remove Sue's hands off his arm met failure by her repeatedly grabbing his arm and clinging while staring at him with some far away expression on her face. He sighed again and figured that the prison wardens must have given in his request for him to have a female by programming Sue to be clingy towards him along with him saddled with her care. Eric sighed again and eyed Sue while waving a hand in front of her eyes she not acknowledging it by her eyes not blinking instead kept on having that far away expression on her face. He groaned softly as the intercom came on blaring for Hybrids to be back in cells which he got up with Sue still clinging to him and got her into Kurt's cell forcing her to lie down on the bed and found her clingy grip released which he forced her eyes shut seeing her kept them shut in response. He sighed and went out sliding shut the door and went to his cell next to Sue's cell and slid his door shut to resume sitting on the bed eyes onto the door waiting seemingly lengthy as the lights above kept themselves on.
Eric waited till the intercom came on "All Hybrids are to leave their cells. Access to the pool room and outside has been locked on a further notice."
He groaned and got up going to Sue's cell to find her awake still having that far away look on her face and looking panicky to him by her hands' jerky movements while on top of her front. Eric sighed and touched Sue's hand who jerked and expertly found his left upper arm grabbing it in a familiar tight grip which he stood up pulling her to a standing position and pulled her out of the cell into the hallway to the cafeteria room he finding the other Hybrids there taking in nourishment and felt himself hungry again. He went to get a tray dishware, utensils and nourishment double the amount and carried it to a table alone while putting it down and spoon fed Sue who took the nourishment fine along with drinking all of the cup's contents while still holding onto him. He felt himself famished ate the food and gulped down the drink then got Sue's grip freed as she gave him a familiar look expecting to do something for him which he thrust the tray at her and again got its edge banging against his head while she went to the dishwashing machine to put the items away and went back to him to resume gripping his left arm.
Eric exhaled a breath thinking to himself "How long do I have to put up with her anyway?"
He heard nothing to answer his question in response as Sue kept her hold onto his arm.

Chapter twenty three
Eric growled feeling the tray bang against his head from behind him while in the cafeteria among the Hybrids as he recalled his question he asked himself too much uncounted time ago Sue still clingy towards him as ever along with rejecting the other Hybrids' attempts to have her hold them by wailing crying noises once her hands were on them and calming down once back holding his arm along with still doing the job of putting away the tray's nourishment holders while still banging its edge against his head as usual.
He roared out in a growling tone “That’s it!”
Eric got up while yanking off one of his gloves on his clawed hands and stomped towards Sue who was slowly carrying the tray with a far away expression on her face he saw while weave walking as usual towards the dishwashing machine. Eric grabbed Sue and pulled up one of her sleeves and proceeded to scratch her on the arm with three fingers making three grooved lines in place on the area.
He spoke “At least that’ll put you out and I can stop having you hit my head with the tray every time you walk by me to the dishwasher.”
Eric walked back towards the bench and sat muttering while putting on his glove “Who’s idea was it for me to babysit her?”
Sue he saw fell towards the floor with the tray and items on it falling with a loud crash. Ionela, Eric noticed and the other Hybrids looked hearing the noises. Eric saw Ionela get up and glared at her as she went to a cupboard in the wall. He watched her pull out a syringe from the cupboard stuck in the wall and went to Sue lying on the floor. Eric folded his arms watching Ionela squat and pulled Sue’s sleeve baring the arm where the scratches were seen, injecting the needle into the arm which went inside empting its bloody red contents.
He spoke loudly to Ionela who stood up “I’m sick of her banging my head with that tray. It’s annoying me.”
Ionela spoke “Then simply carry the tray instead of having her do it.”
Eric growled loudly as Ionela frowned visibly.
He heard the intercom turn on with a loud beep followed by a voice speaking “All Hybrids are to go back to your cells, starting now.”
Eric got up grumbling loudly “Kurt shouldn’t have escaped for our freedom has been restricted because of it.”
Eric noticed Ionela pull up Sue who shook her head as if confused before she stared at his sister with an alert look of a frown instead of giving off her familiar wailing noises. Eric sighed figuring that Sue had imprinted onto Ionela due to him giving her pain as he stomped from the room opening the double doors that revealed a hallway with the quarters' open doorways on both sides. He walked towards a door and slid it opened and entered his quarters sliding the door closed behind him. Eric heard a humming sound come from the door as he peered out the small window with a frown to see the others walking by and spotted Ionela towing Sue into Kurt's cell and walking out going into her own cell opposite from his in the hallway and heard the door to her cell slam shut. Eric pulled off his gloves and plopped them back in his pockets of his pants. He went to the stone wall with various multiple scratch marks on it next to the door and placed his hands on the wall clawing it leaving more scratch mark grooves. Sighing, Eric went to the bed a mattress on the floor and lay down head on the pillow. He pulled the thick blanket over him and closed his eyes only to open them while hearing the door open and to see the familiar covered up in white suit figure stood staring at him while holding an erasable pad in hand. The figure stepped in the room and stood in front of the toilet as another person dressed like the figure stepped in the room pushing a small cart.
Eric sat up growling loudly speaking “Not another of your stinking tests.”
The figure holding the erasable pad wrote something and held it up for Eric to see “We need you to give us a large quantity of your venom.”
Eric growled yanking off the blanket pocketing his gloves and stood up facing the figure with the erasable pad he recalling them calling his poisonous clawed hands' poison by the word of venom. The figure erased the words and gestured with a hand towards the other figure. The figure pulled out five needles attached to tubes that led to a large clear bag hanging off the side of the cart and pointed to Eric’s left hand. He walked forwards and thrust his hand at the figure growling loudly. Eric’s eyes narrowed feeling the pain as the figure injected the needles in each of the tips of his fingers just below the clawed nail areas. He stood watching as clear liquid came out of his fingers and entered the tube spilling into the bag at the side of the cart in a fast move. The bag he saw quickly became full and the figure took out the needles from his fingers rubbing each finger with a cloth and then pulled the cart out of the room.
The figure with pad wrote something he saw and held up the pad which he read “Get some sleep and when you can, be sure to eat and drink something. You need it.”
Eric folded his arms as the figure left the room sliding the door closed. He closed his eyes growling as anger boiled from inside him while fisting his clawed hands. He opened them and charged at the door pounding on it with a roar. Eric turned from the door and went to the wall clawing it with his claws. He attacked the walls with his claws while roaring some nonsense sounds till he felt sleepy went to the bed laying his form down and shut his eyes passing out unconscious.

 Chapter twenty four
Eric fidgeted sitting on a bench in the small cell in the warmth blowing from a grating above him. The cell was white all around. Eric fingered the chains manacles around his wrists with his gloves still covering his hands. He fluffed the hair of his short hair off of his face with a gloved hand. The chains Eric saw were also attached to his ankles. He sat frowning with his gloves on, still wearing his familiar clothes instead of a jumpsuit despite wondering why he wasn't given a jumpsuit to wear, blue pants of a thick material, red long sleeve top and white shoes on his feet over socks he finding himself wearing socks after awhile of not wearing them with his shoes. Eric sat on a bench staring at the cell doors remembering the intercom in the room the cafeteria he was in with the others went on ordering him to go to the hallway separating him from the others. Reaching the hallway he saw two covered up in white figures with black eye plate masks on their faces.
One was holding chains and the other had an erasable pad that said “Eric, put on the chains. We’re ordered to escort you to a room.”
Eric obeyed putting on the chains and he followed the suited up figures to a door in the hallway which one of them slid it open showing an all white small cell with a bench which he sat facing the door. Eric shook his head of the memory with a frown. Eric frowned wondering what was going on. He heard the door open as two figures, Human men wearing black clothing with guns on their weapons belts walked inside and grabbed him by the arms roughly hauling him out of the cell in a fast move and roughly got him into the hallway while forcing him to walk. Eric frowned keeping his mouth which had fanged teeth shut as they escorted him towards the cafeteria which once inside he saw was empty of people to his surprise. The group walked through the cafeteria through another doorway that led to a dead end hallway ended with a black wall. The guards took him towards the black wall and halted which he notice one held up a small boxy device in hand and pressed a button. The wall slid opened with a flashing of lights showing another hallway which led to double doors which the he and men walked towards them. Eric frowned as they escorted him to the doors and one opened it with a kick of a foot showing outside. There was snow littering the ground he glimpsed and there was a set of gates on the sides forming a sidewalk hallway with a fenced door at the end. The wind was blowing its cold towards Eric as the guards escorted him towards a door which slid open as a light on the gate flashed red. Eric saw more guards with long dart guns standing at the sides in front of a blue vehicle that seemed lengthy with its size. One of the guards chuckle some sound as Eric gave him a glare.
The chuckling guard spoke “Enjoy the ride, Hybrid for it’s the last ride of your life. The government has decided to kill you and your people.”
Eric stared at him with a confused expression.
The guard continued speaking “Kurt, remember him escaping? He was caught spreading some virus affecting innocent people months ago. I believe he’s said to be dead as a result. The government has finally decided after debating for months to send the Hybrids to Zesky Asylum just end their lives.”
Eric’s face turned into a scowl as he felt his escorts put hands on his shoulders.
Eric jerked towards the guard, while being restrained by his escorts, who spoke “A pity I won’t be seeing you, a pain in the neck any more, hah. Get him on the bus now.”
The two guards were quick to haul Eric inside the vehicle he assumed was called a bus where he could see the others sitting in their seats in chains with sad looks on their faces. Eric’s face turned into a scowling like glare as he was forced to sit into a seat and then the guards walked away going to the front of the bus and saw one pulled a metal gate inside from the wall between a break of seats hitting the other wall with a loud click sound sounding of locking in place. The guards he glared at went to sit down in seats in front of the gate as another guard he saw arrived to sit in the driver’s seat. Eric growled feeling the bus’ engine turn on. He growled letting anger come as he sat stewing away. He felt a tap on his shoulder from behind him and twisted angrily to see his sister, Ionela who flinched seeing the angry glare on his face.
She spoke “Eric, what about our sister Arielia?”
Eric snarled some low nonsense sound as one of the guards at the front he heard yelled “No talking from you Hybrids!”
He twisted to face the front of the bus and gave the guards a glare. The guards ignored him chatting to each other about being relieved to quit the job of guarding the Hybrids he eavesdropped. The bus drove rumbling through the roads as Eric glimpsed out the window which he fumed of anger and then an idea came to him. He yanked off his gloves putting them in his pockets in the front of his pants then stood up and stumbled towards the gated area as the bus rumbled going through a tree lined road.
He reached the gate as one of the guards get up and yelled from the other side “Get back to your seat Hybrid!”
Eric growled loudly snapping his fanged teeth at the guard who backed up with fear looks on his face. He snarled some sound glaring with golden eyes at the guard through the fence.
The guard he saw frowned visibly and spoke with nervousness in his voice tone “I said go back to your seat, Hybrid.”
Eric refused to budge he reached towards the gate grabbing it with his clawed hands with a glaring stare at the guards finding the gate seemed flimsy from the touch and wasn't having electricity running through due to not feeling the familiar jolts of pain. The guards looked at each other with frowns in their faces as he glared at them. Eric stood glaring at the guards as he continued to feel the gate from hands on it. He closed his eyes and quickly opened them while giving the fence a yank pulling it aside with a jerking motion leaving the gated opening in its place. The guards he saw appearing to look fearful pulled out their guns as Eric attacked them in quick moves roaring with his clawed hands swiping.
The driver he felt swerved the bus yelling he overheard “Mayday, a prisoner is out of control attacking us now!
The guards jerked from the swerving off balanced which Eric knocked their guns away then swiped them on their faces with his claws and they went down groaning in pain. The driver he saw opened the bus door in an attempt to escape. He quickly caught the male and threw him back into the driver’s seat and held a clawed hand next to the driver’s neck.
Eric demanded “You will continue driving or suffer the venom from my claws.”
The driver fainted to his annoyance and he scratched him on the cheek with his claws leaving grooved red marks then threw the driver out of the bus through the open entrance. The bus swerved uncontrollably driving itself into the snowy ground tree lined road. Eric grabbed a seat and sat holding on as the bus rammed itself into a thick barren tree with a thud before becoming still with engine noises stopping. Eric stood up and pawed the two guards’ bodies he sensing that they were slowly giving off their life from his venomous poison eating away inside them. He was rewarded when he found a key chain with a key around the belt of a guard yanking it off and stomped towards his sister handing her the key chain.
He spoke “Ionela, use the key to free the others from those chains.”
Eric stood as Ionela released him from the chains and then he took the key and freed her. Ionela he saw stared at him with a frown look as he handed her the key and gestured towards the others. She he saw went around the bus freeing the others from their bondages. The others he saw stared at each other with shock on their faces. Eric went to the front of the bus, turned and clapped his hands getting the Hybrids all to look at him.
He angrily spoke “I’m not letting them kill us because of the actions of one of us.”
Eric looked at the Hybrids who stared at him with a range of emotions expressions on their faces.
Eric with a glare then spoke “We’ll leave this vehicle and find some shelter from this cold.”
Eric looked at the guard lying on the bus seat and one lying on the floor. He gave the body on the floor a hard kick, and heard a small groan from the guard.
Eric added speaking looking at them with a sneer “Believe me you wouldn’t want to stay here and die.”
He picked up the guard lying on the floor and threw the male into a seat who remained unconscious from the movements and spoke “Let’s go, don’t dawdle now.”
Eric stormed from the bus into the cold and stood outside watching the others and his sister come out appearing to look like they were shocked.
Eric spoke “Come on, use your animal senses and help find shelter.”
He gave them each a glare as John he saw removed his goggles and looked around before focusing onto one direction and speaking loudly "There's some kind of structure ahead in a clearing."
He saw John resume putting on his goggles and wordlessly led the way the direction the Hybrid was looking at and walked finding the structure seemed to not appear which he gave John a glare after a lengthy walk to speak in an angry voice tone towards the Hybrid while pausing from walking "What structure did you see John?"
He glared at John who appeared to gulp hearing silence from the other Hybrids who spoke sounding nervous "My eyes can see hidden things at a far away distance unsure of the distance's length including seeing objects implanted in people's bodies like what the prison wardens have been using me for scanning people they call suspiciously doing criminal activity they call it. They kept up that job of having me scan various people over and over despite me telling them that I quit doing it. They threatened to harm Ionela if I didn't cooperate due to claims of some mating relationship towards her which I only saw her as someone worth talking to and that's about it."
Eric didn't comment a response gave John a glare and resumed walking while followed by the Hybrids he sensed till he saw a brick wall loom in sight followed it in one direction with the Hybrids following him till they saw the forest of trees ended as the brick wall curved into a corner showing a large field ahead of them having marked white lines on it and two stick stands on opposite ends having two pronged stick ends jutting from them. He ignored the field and followed the brick wall till a set of doors came into view which he went to them yanking them open with great strength while hearing a crack sound coming from them indicating the lock was broken from his manipulations. He walked inside feeling the warmth of heat hitting to look around the area to see a hallway ahead of him while seeing doors in the walls till he saw a sign on the wall with lettering on it indicating the place he saw was a high school named Tamkan and that it was a meeting spot for students wishing to go on a class bus trip to Hartford were to meet there along with bus returning to the school to drop them off with lettering indicating that the trip was today. He breathed the warm air deeply and wandered around the hallway as the Hybrids he saw gathered near the entrance sitting on the floor looking like they were warming up from the cold of snow outside. He peered into doorways after opening them finding offices and hallways and one vast room that had lights on shining brightly as an idea came to his mind due to recalling the building's class bus trip.
He went to meet the Hybrids gathered near the entrance and spoke loudly while putting on his gloves and speaking in a loud tone "Alright Hybrids here's what we're going to do."
He saw that he got the Hybrids' attention as he continued talking.

Chapter twenty five
Eric stood with others hidden in the darkness at one end of the hallway behind the corner scowling watching the kids from the class bus trip enter the gym as a man with short orange red hair and facial hair of a beard and mustache walked further down the hallway blindly towards the light switches next to them.
Eric turned to face the Hybrids with a glare on his face whispering “Good work, John, on turning off the lights. The Humans have taken the bait. Go secure the building, I’ll handle him.”
The Hybrids nodded their heads as Eric narrowed his eyes at Ionela and jerked his head pointing it at Sue who was sitting on the floor visibly shaking. Ionela groaned some sound and went to Sue sitting on the floor and pulled her up who clung to her in some fear like move. Eric yanked off his gloves putting them away in a back pocket of his pants. He leaned around the corner watching the man blindly walk towards him who reached the wall and walked towards the light switches while having a hand on the wall as if guiding him on where to go. Eric narrowed his golden eyes as the man reached the light switches and sprung from the corner roaring some sound. The man he heard gasped loudly as he grabbed his neck from behind pulling him from the wall.
Eric violently yanked the man towards the gym doors as the man exclaimed “What the?!”
He threw him into the gym while hearing the kids yell their shock and entered the room letting them see him. The kids stood staring at him with range of emotions on their faces.
Eric spoke pointing at them “You’re all hostages for us, Hybrids’ freedom. Don’t leave the gym or you’ll die.”
He turned and left the gym slamming the doors and pulled a chain around the metal door handles locking them in. Eric growled some sound and walked towards the light switches on the wall. He shifted them up and the lights above turned on feeling himself satisfied with his work and the idea he got.

Chapter twenty six
Eric stood near the main entrance of the school hidden in his invisible state eyeing the doors seemingly lengthy from his position despite getting some sleep of sleeping in a room holding multiple desks only to wake up roused by John telling him his shift of guarding was over and it was his time to guard which he saw the Hybrid take the route to the cafeteria room where there was food contained in the kitchen they found after a very lengthy exploration of the high school building. Eric stood lengthy waiting eyeing the windowed doors having taped paper covering the see through areas an idea of Corina just so the Humans couldn't use their guns to shoot through and hit them which they wound up doing that to multiple windows in desks' rooms they were staying in for sleeping during shifts of waiting for the Humans' response to the hostage situation despite no word made yet. He stood as the doors open showing a bald man wearing a suit holding a piece of thick papers in his hand bunched together who walked inside appearing to look not concerned by the windows having papers taped over them and continued to walk down the hallway towards Eric in hidden state stood.
He revealed his form giving out a roaring sound to see surprise form on the male's face who thrust the padded papers in front of him as a shield as he kicked the male to kneel and found the man kept thrusting the papers in front of him which his eyes focused onto a picture on its front as if drawn to find it was a picture of Kurt giving off a glaring expression which he spotted the words above the picture saying "Virus Insanity."
Eric grabbed the papers finding the male not giving resistance to that and appeared relieved as he eyed the thing to find the papers detailing what the guard had told him about Kurt in full detail talking about the Hybrid getting into places called stores while covered in a bed sheet and holding a gun like weapon firing it wildly not aiming it at people but at the ceiling which people nearby him have turned out to be hit with some kind of sickness every time he pulled that stunt. He gripped the paper in fury as he continued to read that Kurt was caught by one of the people sick with a sickness who had managed to shoot the Hybrid with a projectile gun enough to wound the male that knocked him out unconscious while he was outside a residence called a house holding a gun weapon in his hand and appeared to be attacking the house in attempts to gain entrance inside. He continued to read detailing that the sickness affecting people was found originated from Kurt who government officials had the Hybrid executed by a male who was pointed out to be his own father by the Zesky Asylum and body burned to ashes with ashes dumped into a body of water after pouring them from a canister. He eyed the bald head male who remained kneeling looking at him calmly as he stiffened figuring out that the male was representing the Humans' response to the hostage situation judging by him not being afraid and seemingly oddly calm to him. Eric shifted to eye the rest of the papers finding it entirely focused onto Kurt being a criminal breaking Human laws, the victims sick from his sicknesses omitting who they were and that the government told the Zesky Asylum creators of the Hybrids to put them to death period or they were doing that job themselves through their own military forces. He gave up a roaring sound and released a hand hold onto the papers grabbing the male by the neck and hauled him into a hallway ramp going down the male not resisting to his hauling or being gagged as he got the man into the cafeteria where the other Hybrids were gathered inside as he threw the man inside.
He held up the papers blaring Kurt's picture and Virus Insanity title and spoke "This is the Humans' response to the hostage situation and this Human is their representative. This paper details everything Kurt did after he escaped from the prison the government as their called finding it law breaking and had him executed by his own father whoever he is after one of the sick people that caught a virus from him shot him unconscious. Check it out."
He threw the papers in front of him near the bald male as Sue he saw went to them picking the thing up and appeared to be reading it with her eyes dripping and she grimacing from its contents. Eric stiffened as a memory played in his mind of himself in some light blue padded room looking teenager old younger while wearing a grey tank top and white pants eyeing a direction appearing to see an outline of a door. He continued to remember himself watching the door impatiently waiting which the door opened showing a female Human with long black hair tan skin and skunk streak in her hair carrying a tray of that smelled of food to him as he felt drawn to her chest where her breasts he figured they were call jutted out from the area on the large side making him feel an urge from his sensitive part. He eyed the female who put down the tray and turned around he eyeing her seat the jumpsuit molding it hungrily and watched her leave the room shutting the door behind her. Eric got up rubbing a hand on his sensitive part despite it covered by pants and nothing on underneath going to the tray which he sat down and ate the food and drank the drink quite fast. He felt the familiar urge still hitting his sensitive part sighed once done eating went to sit down back against the wall and rubbed a hand on his sensitive part still feeling the familiar urge hitting him that refused to go away he figuring out it didn't involve expelling waste through that area. Eric felt a stinging pain in his arm to see a familiar syringe needle attached to the area making him sleepy which he passed out unconscious to come to finding himself naked while chained with manacles to his ankles and wrists to a bed while in a lying position. He sighed feeling the urge still there as he looked around the room finding a curtain blocked his view of the room's contents. He kept his eyes around the room till parts of the curtains swished aside showing the familiar female who made him smirk eyeing her breasts still covered by the fabric of her jumpsuit. He eyed her hungrily as she reached out a hand and gripped him on the sensitive part making him gasp loudly from her touch making him feel more pleasant from it as her hand form a circle and rubbed the area up and down yanking at it making him feel the urge hitting him become stronger and stronger from each rub. Eric sighed as he felt coldness touch one end of his sensitive part jutting from him as he rolled his eyes feeling himself release himself from his urge along with a spilling feeling from the area not seemingly lengthy that seemed short. He sighed again and focused his eyes onto the female who removed a tube from his sensitive part along with removing her hand and left him to his regret as an orderly came into view and stuck a needle into his chest right over the heart area emptying its contents into it making him sleepy and passing out unconscious to come to back into the familiar padded room still feeling the urge hitting his sensitive part on and off while he remained contained in there. He recalled getting knocked out repeatedly along with waking up to feel like he had already released himself he figured was what was happening to him from time to time. Eric recalled being knocked out and waking up smelling something underneath his nose while seated in a chair clad in a jumpsuit with underwear shorts felt covering his sensitive parts that didn't indicate on any releasing behavior to him.
Eric jerked open his eyes to find a male wearing a jumpsuit in blue compared to his orange colored jumpsuit that had orange red colored hair with blue eyes that spoke "Eric get up and take a look now."
He obeyed to find himself chained in manacles to spot an orderly standing nearby dart gun in hand eyes appearing not kind and saw a window in front of him which he stood and looked to find a feminine orderly holding a moving blanketed bundle in a sky blue color hold it up in his eyesight he seeing the bundle had a similar to his skin Human like face with brown eyes and some blackness of hair peeking out of the blue cap on top of the head.
He felt himself confused till the orange red haired male was heard "That's a baby another word for offspring of Humans species I am which it's a male like you and I are males. The baby is fathered by you and is dubbed by the name of Kurt."
Eric jerked his eyes shut from the memory fully in his mind and rubbed a hand on his forehead recalling himself eyeing the baby Kurt as dubbed with a frown while feeling a headache arrive within him making him grimace till the feeling stopped which the male orderly next to him managed to dart him out unconscious.
He glared at the bald head suited male after removing his hand from his forehead who spoke "I'm called Principal Edwards. I was told by the government's law keeper force referred as police to come in and make sure you get this newspaper due to claims to me that the actual story related to one of you wasn't fully said. They did tell me a way of communicating with them which I was ordered to give you the full information which involves a communicator called a phone that has to be dialed a certain set of numbers for reaching their communicator on what you want in exchanged for freeing the hostages."
Eric spoke loudly "Well that sure explains your presence Principal Edwards as your called."
He heard nothing in response from Principal Edwards and the Hybrids to his words as he again eyed Sue who looked like she was upset and kneeling while holding the newspaper in her hands looking zoned out again making him annoyed.
He shifted to glare at Ionela who walked up to him speaking "What about our sister Arielia? Are they going to kill her too due to her being a Hybrid like we are?"
He didn't comment a response as an idea came to his mind and spoke towards Principal Edwards "I expect your cooperation Principal Edwards on things around here or else I'll make you suffer from the poisonous venom my hands give off whenever I scratch skin. And believe me the poison is very painful having it running through your system as it eats you away from inside slowly killing you-"
He got interrupted by Principal Edwards speaking sounding nervous "I'll cooperate just spare me of your poison."
Eric glared at Principal Edwards in response seeing the male was serious spoke "Fine let's get to work on securing the building from the Humans' attempts to break in and free the hostages starting now."

Chapter twenty seven
Eric heard the phone rang from the wall and picked it up while hearing the familiar man’s voice speak “We have Arielia as requested so show the principal.”
Eric snarled some growl as Ionela looked at him after he hung up the phone.
Eric spoke “Principal Edwards, go to the entrance now.”
He glared at Principal Edwards sitting in a chair next to the teacher’s desk in the room. Principal he saw got up from the chair and slowly walked towards the entrance of the room with Eric glaring at him. The man left the room with Eric peering behind the doorway watching him leave the school by the entrances windows covered up in white paper. Eric yanked off his gloves scowling as the doors slammed with a bang. He stood waiting impatiently. The doors opened showing a young woman with golden yellow eyes, tan skin and black hair. Eric stared at his sister Arielia with recognition on his face who took a step into the hallway.
She, he saw, stood and then spoke in a monotone accent that indicated that she was still deaf “Hello? I’m here.”
Eric spoke to Ionela “It’s Arielia. Stay here, while I bring Ari in the room.”
Ionela nodded her head as they both heard Arielia speak in a louder tone of voice repeating her words “Hello? I’m here!”
Eric left the room walking out towards his sister. He saw Arielia see him with recognition on her face as he pulled on his gloves.
She asked him “Eric, what are you doing here?”
Eric walked up to her and then he gestured with his gloved hand to follow him. They reached the doorway he came from. Inside the room he saw Arielia look at Ionela with recognition in her face he saw seeing his sister stood watching her.
Eric turned the lights of the room on with the windows covered in white paper taped to it despite them glowing of the sunlight outside, and heard Arielia ask “Brother and sister, what’s going on?”
Ionela he heard sighed and spoke “Ari, good to see you after such a long time.”
Arielia sighed and replied “Iony, Good to see you too. What’s going on?”
Eric gestured a gloved hand towards Ionela which Arielia looked at her reading her sister’s lips as Ionela spoke “Nothing, just keeping us alive.”
Ionela paused and continued he heard “Ari, we were on our way to the Zesky Asylum to be killed.”
Eric waved his hand getting Arielia’s attention that looked at him.
He spoke “It’s true, all because of the actions of one of us.”
Arielia asked “What happened?”
Eric angrily replied “It was a Hybrid named Kurt and what he did after he escaped from the prison. We found out that he attacked stores full of Humans too much time ago, while passing on some virus affecting them with some sort of madness. The fool did it several times before he was caught and said to be executed. The government after a debate has after stalling for a certain time period has decided to kill us as a result.”
Arielia asked again “So this hostage situation?”
Eric answered “A cry for help for desperate people.”
Arielia spoke “What will happen now?”
Eric replied “Nothing just to see you safe.”
He gestured for Arielia and Ionela to follow him out of the room which the sisters did. Eric led his sisters out of the room towards the ramp hallway leading down. Walking down he could see a range of windows on his right which led to the large courtyard that the high school surrounded it completely. There were even doors that led to outside. The trio reached a set of doors at the end of the ramp hallway and entered another hallway towards another set of doors. Eric saw an elevator on his left and a set of stairs leading up as they passed through the doors towards another hallway where there were double doors in the wall. Reaching the double doors Eric knocked three times and then the opened the doors as the trio went inside. Eric paused from walking to watch Arielia looked around to see that she was in a cafeteria like room with rows of benches and tables. Seated on them were people all with golden eyes except Sue who had brown eyes who looked at the sisters with a frown. One of the Hybrids Eric saw was John dressed in a jumpsuit like the other Hybrids but with goggles on his face came forward taking off his goggles. He stared at Arielia with a frown and rubbed his nose as he put his goggles back on.
John stood in front of Eric who spoke “This is Arielia, our sister who’s deaf. Treat her well.”
John and the others nodded then resumed talking. John gestured to Eric to come with a look on his face. Eric nodded and walked towards John who turned his back towards Arielia. Out of the corner of his eyes he heard John’s words speaking about seeing some object in Arielia’s stomach that appeared to look like a device for signals and watched Arielia see his head nod in agreement. He growled hearing the contents of John’s talk as Arielia watched them while frowning. Eric saw Ionela laid a hand on Arielia’s shoulder getting her attention.
He saw his sister look at Ionela who spoke loudly “Let me give you the rules of the place. You’re free to go any where you want but not the gymnasium because that’s where we’re keeping the Humans. Another rule is when you’re in trouble press the fire alarm and we’ll get help to you.”
She paused and added as Eric watched his two sisters “There are several Humans hiding around in the school causing sabotage. Not to mention the fire alarms are set to reveal your position to the others here instead of bringing the fire trucks.”
Eric stared at Arielia who frowned as she spoke “I get it. The place is too big for you to keep track of them.”
Ionela nodded in agreement and said “There were several breaches of Humans entering the school so we managed to stop them a few times but there’s some Humans still running around in hiding.”
Arielia asked “Well, how come we’re all here in this room?”
Ionela answered “Regrouping and plans that’s all.”
Eric noticing Ionela’s stare turned to face Arielia, and clapped his gloved hands.
Talk among the other Hybrids stopped as they looked at Eric who spoke “We have what we want, which is Arielia. We’re aware of their situation and will be monitoring it. Assume your places and remember the fire alarms.”
Eric watched as the others left the room leaving as John stood besides him.
Eric looked at Ionela and spoke “Iony, take her to the library for I think she’ll be safer there.”
Ionela nodded and escorted Arielia out of the room.

Chapter twenty eight
Eric frowned recalling John telling him of being used for finding hidden objects in people including devices that involved giving off tracker signals that flashed lights he saw in them after removing his goggles.
Eric spoke after an inner debate within himself “John come with me, we’re going to the library.”
He left the room with John following and took the elevator to the third floor. The men left the elevator doors to meet Ionela in the hallway who stared at Eric with a questioning look on her face. Eric opened his mouth to speak when the three heard a squealing noise followed by flashing lights coming from the library. Eric yanked off his gloves as he ran into the library in time to see a door next to the fire alarm slam shut. 
He heard Arielia yell from inside as he attacked the door “Hey what are you doing?!”
He was followed by Ionela and John.
Eric heard Arielia protest as he advanced towards his sister and the Human female with long red orange hair standing behind a desk “Hey, don’t kill her, she’s freaking out scared that we’ll hurt her.”
Eric glared at Arielia and then pulled his gloves on.
He spoke to the long red orange haired female with Arielia lip reading his lips “What are you doing here?”
The female he saw appeared to be nervous nervously pointed towards an object he figured was some kind of refrigerator from Principal Edwards' teaching him and Hybrids of the place and identifying them what they were that was besides Arielia on the wall slowly speaking “Insulin in the fridge, I’m diabetic.”
The group looked as Ionela went to the refrigerator.
Opening it she spoke “The Human is telling the truth, there are five bottles of insulin in here.”
Eric waved a hand towards Arielia getting her attention and spoke to her “Empty your fanny pack and we’ll put the stuff in them.”
Eric glared at the nervous human while Arielia emptied the contents of her fanny pack which he saw were just card like objects in number of six he counted.
Eric spoke with anger as Arielia with her back to him walked towards Ionela “Arielia betrayed us by letting them implant her with a device. I’ll knock her out and scratch her arm for that betrayal.”
Eric stopped speaking as Arielia looked at him as Ionela deposited the small clear insulin labeled bottles in her fanny pack. He walked with anger on his face to stand behind Arielia, which Ionela gestured to turn around. Eric raised his fist as Arielia turned around and punched her hard in the face. He raised another fist as she wobbled and threw it hitting her again in the face which she fell backwards caught by Ionela who lowered her unconscious form towards the floor. Eric pulled off his glove and raised Arielia’s left sleeve with a hand. He buried the tips of three fingers and dug it pulling three deep scratches on her arm.
Then he stood up and spoke pointing at the Human female “You come here and pick her up to carry her or suffer the venom from my claws.”
Eric glared at the Human female who was quick to obey running forwards as he pulled on his glove. He watched as she pulled Arielia’s arms up putting his sister’s form on her back with her arms in front of her.
Eric spoke “John, Iony show this female where to go with this traitor.”
He stood folding his arms as Ionela left the room leading the way with John taking up the rear. Eric closed his eyes and placed a hand on his face. He growled feeling anger arrived and lowered his arms. Eric grabbed the fallen chair on the floor and threw it against the wall breaking it in pieces with his great strength.
He stood looking around the room and yelled “Arielia, how could you do this to us?!”
Eric let the anger take control and grabbed another chair slamming it against the wall. The chair broke in pieces as Eric stomped around the room breaking things out of anger. Once finished with the items around the room Eric stood with his eyes closed willing himself to calm. He opened them and with a glare he stormed from the room. Eric jogged down the hallway and went to the elevator pressing a button. The elevator doors opened after a lengthy wait he impatiently waiting and he stomped inside and pressed the desired floor's numbered button which the doors closed and went down. Eric growled loudly feeling the confines of the elevator which stopped at the desired floor with doors opening. He ran passed the cafeteria room towards the gym doors and pulled at the chains keeping the gym doors closed. Eric yanked them and slammed opened one of the doors with a glare on his face. He looked in the room to see the kids sitting around the gymnasium. Eric narrowed his eyes seeing Arielia flinch from his glaring stare aimed at her while sitting next to a bearded mustache man with red orange short hair who gave him a glare of accusation in his blue eyes he saw but didn't acknowledge the look. He slammed the doors shut and pulled the chains across the door handles locking them together. He stormed down the hallways towards a set of double doors which he threw open. The Hybrids in the room paused from their talk as they looked at an angry Eric.
He walked inside the room speaking “Arielia has betrayed us by letting them implant her with a device.”
Eric heard one of them, Sue he identified groaned loudly and he noticed John looking at the groaning female with her back to him strangely. Eric watched as John pulled off his goggles and stared at Sue who sat with her head in her arms on the table.
John he saw put on his goggles shouting “This Hybrid is a Human and is implanted with a radio device!”
Eric darted towards Sue who was quick to get up running towards the doors.
One of the Hybrids he saw as he halted his running tackled her from behind as she yelled “I’m busted, you’re on your own!”
The Hybrid he saw who tackled her brought her to a table and forced her to sit. Before Eric could react John charged at Sue hitting her with his fists. He heard Sue groan loudly from the blows while sliding towards the floor to lay unconscious.
Eric grabbed John restraining him as he shouted “Stop it John, killing her won’t solve matters!”
John growled held by Eric who continued talking “I think we should leave the school.”
John he heard stopped growling to speak “I agree I would rather take my chances outside than in this place with this traitor.”
Eric spoke “Then that settles it, we leave the school by going into the forests to hide, starting now.”
Eric let go of John who glared at Sue’s fallen form and went to Ionela who stood watching them.
Eric sigh some sound as brother and sister hugged each other then he spoke “Keep safe Iony. I’ll see you again.”
Ionela nodded her head then the Hybrids left the cafeteria walking in the hallway passed the gym doors and entered the forest surrounding the school in the cold where they each scattered running on the snowy ground.

Chapter twenty nine
Eric ran in the forests running till he reached an iced river and ran lightly on the ice finding his feet refused to break through to his relief. He reached a set of wooden sticks piled in a big pile on top of the iced river as the rages arrived, his eyes sight fogging up in whiteness and growled loudly roaring. He blindly attacked the stick pile with his clawed hands tearing it apart. Groaning he stood feeling the anger leave him as his eyes sight cleared up. Eric left the river and ran onto the snow running till he gasped for breath feeling himself exhausted from the running. Eric lowered himself onto the snow and sat groaning. The sun went lower in the sky as Eric sat on the snowy ground lengthy. He stood up hearing a sound of snow crunching indicating of someone walking in the forest of trees which he stood waiting as the sound got nearer and nearer appearing to be heading towards him from the nearness of the sound getting closer and closer. Eric ran towards a cluster of trees climbing onto one of them till he felt he couldn't climb any more and hung on while digging his clawed hands into the tree's side hard to keep himself there. He looked down from his high perch to see a figure in white carrying a black long gun in hand walking towards him looking down which he spotted indentations on the snow he saw resembled footprints and figured the figure was following his tracks in the snow. The figure reached the tree he was clinging to and looked up.
Eric heard a female voice yell as he eyed the figure “Don’t!”
Eric let go of the tree with a roar falling on the female he assumed was the figure who fell towards the ground knocked by him despite attempting to aim her gun at him. He was quick to get up in a fast move as he grabbed the female by the covered up throat while knocking away her gun with his other hand by grabbing it and yanking it out of her hands' grips and tossing it aside in a great distance away while hearing it clunk against a tree.
Eric heard the female yell out as he pushed her form to a tree “You saved lives, Eric!”
He snarled growling as he thrust his free bared hand towards her bared face intending to scratch her as she hurriedly spoke “The victims of Kurt were saved by your venom, along with the bloods of your sisters!”
Eric hesitated hearing her words.
He heard her speak again with back to a tree while still gripping her “You and your sisters live but the others, I’m sorry!”
Eric growled at her and he released her neck to pull her hat with the eye wear off her face revealing brown eyes and long black hair pulled in a tail. The hat with the eye wear he handled with her not giving resistance he tossed aside towards the snow covered ground. He saw a look in her eyes which he frowned inwardly as he stared at her with a range of emotions running throughout him followed by an urge to mate from his sensitive part running through out him.
The female he heard spoke “Name is Brianna, Eric.”
Eric saw her lips turn almost into a smile as he released her and gently pushed her down on the ground into a sitting position.
Brianna he assumed was her name he heard her speak again “Eric-”
Eric interrupted growling out “Talk and I’ll scratch your face, Brianna.”
Eric stood up to pace walking back and forth in front of Brianna who leaned her back to a tree. He kept glancing at her face which brightened of a smiley look whenever he looked at her as he paced and felt the mating urge get stronger.
Brianna spoke “Eric.”
Eric at the moment hearing his name roared, charging at Brianna grabbing her arms and hauled her to a standing position while raising her above him.
He yelled “Don’t talk!”
Eric stared at Brianna who held up her hands with the some look of surrender in her eyes. He dropped Brianna’s form onto the snow which she fell to land on her back. Eric stared at her as he squat pulling Brianna up in a sitting position and raised a clawed hand towards her face.
He felt her stiffened from having a hand on her arm and he spoke firmly “I’m not going to hurt you.”
Eric slowly put his hand on her face rubbing it slowly feeling the contours of her smooth cheek. He sensed her press her face into his hand as he rubbed her cheek. He sat down pulling Brianna closer to him while holding her in a hug. He felt her wrap her arms around his form and bury her face in the crook of his neck area. Eric moved his hands to rub them through Brianna’s tailed silky black hair and he leaned his head on hers. Eric moaned some sound feeling satisfaction from holding Brianna as she breathed on his bare neck with her head on his shoulder. He jerked feeling pain in his back roared waving his arms.
He felt Brianna remove herself from him while grabbing his waving arms pulling them down and heard her speak “Calm down, Eric, it’s alright. It's just a syringe needle putting you asleep from someone else's gun and no I'm not responsible for that.”
Eric felt her holding onto him tightly as he shook struggling to fight the effects of sleep from his form which he sighed loudly. He relaxed and laid his head on Brianna’s shoulder while closing his eyes letting the darkness of sleep over come him to come to finding himself contained in a wheelchair while seeing a male standing nearby that looked familiar to him but couldn't figure out who he was seeing his clothes were like a suit entirely in black but had a white triangle collar and the jacket was longer length while having short white hair standing next to him.
Eric frowned eyeing the male who spoke "The government despite their orders of death towards the Hybrids all your children except your sisters Ionela and Arielia I refused to kill them. I have ordered your children to be contained asleep in tubes till the day comes when they'll be accepted to live to wake up which the sleep state is being done now."
He frowned to see people come into sight pushing unconscious Hybrids in wheelchairs looking like they were stripped of their clothes and followed the procession with his eyes to see them in a large room with vertical see through giant man size tubes jutting from the floor with thick wires coming from the ceiling attached along with round lights and consoles next to them. He watched as each Hybrid was put into a tube after it became horizontal and them thrust inside with a circular door shutting locking them each inside and saw the tube after each were locked inside raise itself to a vertical position as it was standing before going horizontal while filling up with some blue liquid substance and saw the Hybrids inside them remain asleep while appearing to float in them. He eyed the male in response who turned around pulling out a syringe he growled seeing it and injected its contents into his neck before removing the needle which he found himself passing out unconscious.

Chapter thirty
Eric woke up with confusion running through him a feeling of forgetting something hitting him but he dismissed the feeling as he felt himself lying on a floor that was like a padded mattress. He sat up to look around to find himself in an all light blue padded room with a small window in the padded wall with an outline surrounding it indicated was a door. Eric saw that there was a toilet with a sink in the corner and a window above it he figuring out it involved showing his reflection. Over his head in a wall above the door's outline by a good distance above he saw was a large black window which Eric could sense a person standing behind there watching him. Eric got up to find himself wearing white pants with nothing on underneath them with a grey tank top on him and his feet were bare. He looked around the room with confusion then at the black window.
He heard a voice speak in male tones from a hidden speaker sounding from above “Hello Eric, rise and shine.”
Eric watched as part of the window slid open and a pair of white gloved hands came into view and tossing into the room a large white wrapped package which fell like a thump onto the padded floor. Eric stared as the window slid close and he walked towards the package which indicated it was for tearing it open by the looks of it. He tore it open the cloth like material with a growl while noticing a shiny metal line in it with an object jutting from the area he feeling confused on seeing it, he looked inside the package to see that it contained food from the looks of it that made his stomach rumble in hunger from its sweet smell which he saw consisted of multiple scattered of different colors colorful thick squares and there was a drink bottle with a tube attached to it having some kind of cap on top of the tubal end for sipping. He felt the familiar feeling of hunger and took his time eating the squares bare handed finding they seemed smooth and flimsy to the touch which crunched underneath his teeth tasting good to him once getting them into his mouth he munching on them while drinking the liquid in the drink bottle from its tube after figuring out how to get the tube's cap off he sipped finding the drink tasted good to him in an odd tasting way. Once finished with the nourishment he stood up and went to the reflecting window in the wall to stare at his face. He held up his clawed hands and looked at them then placed his hands on his head as he felt the familiar feelings of the rages arrived as whiteness came to his eyes sight. With a growl he roared some sound lowering his hands to attack the walls unseeing them, clawing them with his hands as he rammed himself into them. He jerked feeling a stinging feeling of pain in his back followed by sleepiness which he stood from the wall and fell towards the padded floor falling unconscious.

Eric woke up with anger and looked unseeingly around the room he assumed he was in with jerking movements of the head shaking the sleepiness from him from being in a kneeling position. He struggled against the chains holding his hands above himself and they easily slipped off of him sliding back onto the wall from the feeling of them doing its movements. He stood up and walked around wildly off balanced. Eric groaned as he put a hand to his head and closed his eyes.
He heard a female voice speak “Eric?”
Eric opened his eyes and saw sitting in a corner was a female wearing a blue jumpsuit he recognized to be Brianna who again said “Eric?’
With a burst of anger he charged towards Brianna with both claws flexing. Eric grabbed Brianna’s shoulders and snarled snapping his fanged teeth in her face raising her up to stand.
Brianna spoke “Eric?”
Eric stared at Brianna who looked at him with a pleasant look in her face as his sensitive part became hard arrived and he overcame his anger. He groaned as he pulled Brianna towards him and was holding her in a hug.
“Brianna” he sighed out as they both went to sit on the floor.
Eric felt Brianna wrap her arms around his shoulders as he held her on his lap from a sitting position. He could sense Brianna put her head on his shoulder as he rubbed a clawed hand in her long black silky hair and stroked her face with the palm of his other hand.
He felt an urge to kiss her and he lowered his face towards hers with their lips inches from each other and spoke “May I?”
Brianna’s response to his pleasure was to put her hands on his cheeks and raised her head letting their lips touch as he felt a jolted pleasant feeling arrive within him along with the urge to mate getting stronger. He shivered as she broke off the kiss removing her hands from his cheeks. Eric heard a zipping sound as she unzipped her jumpsuit in the front. Eric pulled off his grey tank top with his clawed hands as he heard her gasp of pleasure seeing his muscular chest as they both stood up. He laid his chin on her forehead, while sighing then stood apart as he saw her pull the jumpsuit off, to show her self wearing a sleeveless white tank suit underneath that clung to her figure revealing her curves highlighting her breasts he saw from the looks of them. Eric sighed as Brianna resumed kissing him on the lips with her hands roaming over his upper body from the waist up hands touching his bare skin making him feel happy from that. His hands, the palms were on her back as he tightened his arms around her.
Eric broke off the kiss moaning out, with her hands touching his bare chest “Brianna."
Brianna he saw pulled the tank suit off as Eric pulled his pants off. Naked they resumed their lips meeting and Eric gently lowered her on the pile of clothes they left on the floor and settled on top of her. Eric’s hands clawed the clothes underneath her back as his sensitive part entered an opening inside her between her legs as instincts guided him to do it which he hesitated feeling a barrier in the way blocking him from entering further. He frowned breaking off the kiss in confusion with her hands still on his face as he opened his eyes to stare at her.
Eric saw Brianna opened her eyes to look at him looking in her eyes and felt her moved her legs surrounding him as she spoke sounding firm “It’s alright, every Human female has this.”
Eric gripped her in a hug with his arms on her sides and jerked thrusting through the barrier inside her getting his sensitive part fully inside up to the hilt as Brianna gasped out a pained oh sound.
Eric saw her head went up baring her neck with a painful look on her face after it resumed looking at him with eyes shut while still inside her, pulled himself up to ease his weigh while looking at her in the face spoke “Brianna, you alright?”
He felt her legs tightened around him and her hands went to his shoulders as she spoke eyes opening while looking at him sounding firm “I’m alright.”
Eric lowered himself settling on top of her, flexing his hands on the clothes under her back as he started a rhythm of moving in and out of her as she met his thrusts from instincts controlling him to do it. Eric moaned throughout feeling charges of pleasant feelings hitting him each time he entered her as he heard her moan in response to himself inside her. He put his chin on her forehead as she tightened her hold on him. He gasped as he felt himself spill a part of himself inside her as she shook from the mating. Eric sigh some sound then he controlled by instincts twisted himself pulling out of Brianna and adjusting Brianna’s form till she was lying on top of him on the side with his back touching the pile of clothes. Eric heard Brianna sigh loudly feeling warmth from her skin on his bare skin making him feel pleasant from her touch. He could sense her shifted to raise her head to look at him from her position. Eric rubbed her naked side with the palm of his hand with his eyes closed. He felt Brianna leaned her head against his shoulder and coughed loudly as he opened his eyes to see smoke came blowing into the room. Eric kept his eyes open while growling loudly as he clutched her closer to him as the smoke filled the room making him sleepy and sensed Brianna had passed out from it from her still form but breathing felt as he struggled to stay awake till the sleepiness got too much for him and he shut his eyes passing out unconscious losing touch of everything all around him.

Chapter thirty one
Eric woke up in the familiar padded room from lying on the floor with the clothes of pants and a tank top on. He looked up at the black window above him with a glare on his face.
Eric heard the familiar male voice on the loudspeaker say “Congratulations Eric. You have a son with a hybrid. Brianna is her name.”
Eric stared at the black window with shock hearing the words.
He snarled out loud in anger “Who is Brianna?” 
The male voice answered his question “Another form of hybrid, Eric.”
Eric growled as stomped around the cell clawing the walls in anger. 
He yelled “Unbelievable! Another hybrid turned traitor! First it was Arielia then this Brianna!”
The male voice spoke on loudspeaker “Just to let you know, Ionela has a son with Henry, Brianna’s brother.”
Eric stopped clawing the padded walls to lean on them and he folded his arms with a glaring stare at the black window.
He heard the voice speak “Eric, Brianna is alright and so is your son.”
Eric stuck a pointer finger at the window shaking it and folded his arms as the voice spoke “I’m sorry, Eric but she was the only way to capture you alive.”
He stared at the window which slid opened showing a figure in white with a gun object that made a firing sound and felt a prick of pain on his arm as a dart landed on it. Eric stood up from the wall falling asleep and fell towards the padded floor falling unconscious to come to violently flinched shaking as he opened his eyes with a growl. He was lying on his back that felt like multiple rugs piled up to him from the feel which he turned to his right side as he shook his head and sat up. Eric looked around the room which he saw was on the large sized and had black walls with a floor that appeared entirely red looking still felt like multiple rugs piled on top together. Then he turned his head twisting his form with anger to look behind him to see Ionela wearing identical clothes as his in kneeling position next to a sitting Arielia wearing twin clothing as his. He snarled turning his face towards anger as he got up walking towards them with his clawed hands flexing.
He saw Arielia look at Ionela who spoke with her lip reading “Eric, she paid the price with the scratches on her arm.”
Eric growled keeping his mouth shut as he saw Ionela stand up with her hands behind herself and heard Arielia speak “Eric, you want me to apologize?”
Eric opened his mouth roaring some sound of anger showing his fanged teeth while glaring at his sisters. Ionela to his annoyance flexed her reed like plant claws from her fingers and bared her fangs while glaring at him.
She spoke “Your not hurting Arielia again.”
Eric snarled as he and Ionela advanced towards each other with claws swiping. He saw out of the corner of his eyes Arielia’s form disappeared turning invisible. Eric swiped at Ionela who avoided his hand's movement aimed at her while feeling her bare foot connect with his head before jumping aside avoiding his claws aimed at her leg. He roared loudly as he felt Ionela kick him in the stomach with her foot as he charged towards her. He again lunged at Ionela who ducked his swinging claws darting away from him. Eric also felt a leg connect with his legs from behind.
As he fell to kneel he heard Arielia yell “What’s your problem, Eric?!”
He was suddenly grabbed from behind by a covered in cloth arm that went around his neck in a choke hold.
The holder spoke, as Eric struggled to free himself, in a male voice “Your not hurting Ionela.”
Arielia appeared standing next to Ionela as Brianna wearing a blue jumpsuit walked in his line of sight.
Eric roared forcing himself to a standing position “Traitorous woman!”
Brianna spoke standing in front of him “You want to hurt someone, hurt me.”
The male Eric assumed holding his neck in a choke hold let go and he charged at Brianna who raised a hand and slapped him hard in the face. Eric stood stunned from the blow shaking his head groaning with his hands on his face.
He heard the male speak “Ionela, are you ok?”
His sister he heard replied “Henry, I’m alright.”
Eric shook feeling hands on his shoulders with his face in his hands.
“You’re a Hybrid” he said in an accusing tone to Brianna.
Eric avoided meeting her eyes and put his hands down to his sides.
Brianna spoke “Look at me Eric please.”
He heard the begging tone in her voice obeyed and his golden eyes met her brown eyes. With a sigh she rubbed his cheeks with the palms of her hands and he fell to his knees kneeling in front of her.
Eric wrapped his muscular arms around her and she rubbed his head with her hands as he groan out “Brianna.”
He sensed a presence in the room with them and snarled some sound as he looked at her left side growling loudly. The group he saw as he looked to see standing in a corner of the room near the wall was a young Human female with long red orange hair and she was wearing a jumpsuit identical to Brianna’s.
Eric saw the Human female made a face of grimace as he stood up yelling out “You! What are you doing here?”
He narrowed his eyes as the Human female spoke “Eric, I’m Lana, and I’m your sister.”
Eric cocked his head with a confused look on his face while looking angry. He felt Brianna put her hands on his left arm holding him tightly.
The Human female Eric saw stood from the wall as he heard Arielia spoke “Eric, some guy named Kossman showed me a picture of a couple named Andrew and Anya which he said to be our biological parents. I told Kossman that Lana is her name resembled the guy in the picture.”
Eric gave Arielia a glare and folded his arms while Brianna kept her grip on his arm.
Arielia continued “Kossman told me that Lana is our biological sister-”
Eric snarled out interrupting Arielia “I’m related to a Human?”
He noticed Lana’s grimace look on her face turned into a frown as she walked forward towards the group slowly reaching them to stand near him.
Ionela spoke “She is our sister. Arielia and I met her after I had my son Harry with Henry here.”
Eric looked to see Henry was a man with short blonde hair while wearing a jumpsuit. Eric lowered his arms staring at Lana with a glare as Ionela continued speaking with a begging tone “Please get used to the fact that she’s our sister, accept her.”
He stood as Lana walked forwards and put her arms around his taller form hugging him then she stepped back staring at him. Eric put a hand on her right shoulder as a feeling of anger arrived. He moved the hand swiping Lana on the neck with his claws. Eric barely heard the shouting among him as Lana grabbed her neck and went down on the floor. He felt a stinging pain in his back followed by sleepiness as he fell towards the rugged floor falling unconscious.

Chapter thirty two
Eric groaned smelling something under his nose waking him up from the depths of sleep. He shook his head in confusion to feel his face and body touching a gated fence. Eric moved his arms which were above his head cuffed in chains he sensed were attached to the fence. He felt his shirt was off and he was bare from the waist up. Eric forced open his eyes to stare from a large spot light shining above him was behind the fence was a man with similar height as himself. The man had red orange short hair with a mustache and a beard on his face that was waving a small bottle under Eric’s nose through the fence.
The man removed the bottle, capped it with a cap and spoke “Well, rise and shine, Eric.”
Eric stared at the man in confusion who looked at him with blue eyes that were filled with anger. Eric looked around the room to see the fence was curved in a semi circle and there was nothing but inky blackness behind the man as he looked.
The man he saw put the bottle in a pocket on his blue jumpsuit and spoke with a louder tone of voice “He’s conscious, start the whipping machine at the setting of the number ten and go up when I say so.”
Eric jerked as he felt a thin rope like object hit him on the back hard bringing pain. He stiffened feeling the pain as the object hit him on the back repeatedly. Eric groaned jerking against the chains holding him reacting from the pain and the repeated whippings. He heard a musical ringing tone and saw the man pull a device out of his pocket at the waist unfolding it.
The man put the device at his ear and spoke “Yes?”
Eric kept his eyes onto the man whose eyes narrowed in anger as he spoke with an angry tone “I must object to this.”
The man paused then continued “Against my objections, I’ll do it.”
The man closed the device and yelled “Knock him out now, new orders from the One!”
Eric sighed as the whipping stopped followed by the familiar stinging prick pain on his back. He felt a hand place an object over the lower half of his face blowing air at him which made him sleepy. Eric jerked his head struggling to stay awake as he went unconscious only to wake up to find himself lying on ground on his back with the sun shining blaring its light into his eyes. He confusingly shook his head as he got up from the ground he saw was covered with snow and didn't indicate on footprints or anything to show how he got to his spot in the forest of trees bare of leaves he looked around to see where he was. He felt himself to discover that he was wearing a thick woolen red long sleeve top, some thick pair of blue woolen pants and had on thick woolen black gloves covering his clawed hands. He felt himself wearing socks and over them was thick ankle length boots that covered his feet. Eric confusingly looked around the area to see that he was in a clearing of trees with snow lying on the ground. He could see trees with branches bare of leaves around him. With a frown Eric walked forwards walking slowly in the snow with his breath coming out as white puffs of smoke. He took his time walking in the unfamiliar area as the sun went lower towards the horizon. He looked on the snowy ground to see markings which Eric assumed were tracks that were small in size. He followed the tracks till he reached a hole in the ground and with a sigh walked further into the forest of trees with a frown on his face. He looked at the trees to see that they were unfamiliar to him and seemed different. He heard a sound and followed it to see a river snaking through the forest area he was in. Eric sigh some sound and followed the river till it started to snake upwards part of it coming off a cliff wall he saw. With a groan Eric turned around and walked down following the river till reaching a small waterfall which fell into a small pond area that was surrounded by plants and had ice on top of it. Eric again groaned and looked at the sun lowering in the sky. He walked in the direction with the sun facing him shining weakly overhead. He walked into a clearing and gave a yell as he stumble hearing a snapping sound and felt something clamp over his left ankle. Eric looked down to see a brown metal like object imbedded in his ankle above the boot. He shook the leg but the metal object refused to give. Growling he leaned down and pulled at the object with a grunt but his efforts met failure. Eric growled and walked forwards limping when he felt pain in his ankle get worse. He looked down and felt the object and discovered a chain attached which he pulled up from the snow that let to a thick tree. He stomped towards the tree and discovered the chain was wrapped around it tightly despite his efforts to yank it off met failure each time he pulled onto it with his hand covered hands onto it.
Groaning he spoke “Great, just great. Free me only to trap me?”
Eric paced walking back and forth in the snow growling. The sun he saw in the sky was soon going down and he was still trapped by the device attached to the tree. Eric sat down with his back leaning against the tree with his arms folded. He looked at the device attached to his ankle. Blood came out dripping from the wounds of the device attached to his ankle. Shaking his head Eric sat with his arms folded staring at the device around his ankle with a glare. The sun went down the horizon and soon it was dark. Eric groaned looking around with his night vision then closed his eyes and fell asleep only to wake up to feel a hand on his shoulder followed by shaking and opened his eyes with a gasp. The sun was barely above the horizon shining its dim rays of a new day. He growled some sound seeing the figure with tan skin and brown eyes seen, dressed in white clothing which appeared to be animal skins while holding a long gun in hand.
The figure spoke gibberish he assumed was a language in a male voice Eric struggled to understand meeting failure to get it the male's foreign words which he spoke “What are you saying?”
The man stopped speaking and pointed to his left leg. Eric looked to see that the device was off and was lying nearby with blood on it. Eric felt his ankle and could sense that the cuts from the trap were closed and not bleeding. The man put the gun behind his back by a strap and gripped Eric’s arm pulling at him while indicating on him to get up.
Eric spoke “I get the message.”
He allowed the man to pull him up to a standing position and felt his ankle which felt sore to himself. The man let go of Eric who walked limping around feeling his ankle. The pain was a dull ache to Eric. The man took Eric’s arm and pulled gesturing with his other hand to follow him. Eric obeyed and the man escorted him through the snow through the forests till they reached the top of a hill as the sun went higher in the cold sky. Eric shook his head with wonder to see a large building towering above him at the foot of the hill. The man pointed to the building then pointed to Eric’s leg. Eric frowned then the man patted his shoulder and walked away further into the forests of trees walking out of sight. Eric limped down the hill towards the building. He could see the building had cracked windows some were broken and there was worded writing on the walls in an unfamiliar language he couldn't read. He walked around looking for a door and came through an alley way littered with boxes when a figure erupted from the side from a box to stand in front of him. The figure he saw had on some baggy material covering the body and spoke in a male voice in gibberish a language he assumed was speaking towards him he felt failure to understand. There were narrowed brown eyes seen with a tan complexion and black hair peeking out of the hat the man was wearing.
Eric frowned and spoke “Sorry don’t understand what you’re saying.”
The male with the baggy clothing pulled out a large shiny object which Eric recognized to be a knife and waved it at him while again speaking his undecipherable language. Eric held up his hands as the man swung the knife sticking it in his side through the clothing material which made Eric groan in anger. The man yanked his knife out and grabbed Eric’s hands pulling at his gloves which he reacted roaring from the pain. He grabbed the arm holding the knife with one hand and put his other hand on the man’s neck area lifting him up. The man’s eyes widen with shock as Eric threw the man against the wall. The man hit it with a groan and slid down towards the ground while dropping the knife. Eric attacked the man with his fists punching him in the face and stomach area as the man’s eyes closed. Eric stepped back from punching the man with a glare seeing the male's face turn black looking from his fisting and then he walked away. He wandered down the alley way and found a road that led towards another one which he followed past tall square buildings he counted about three of them in a row all devoid of life around them outside. The sun shined high in the sky when he came upon a fourth building with symbols on the windows seen and explored the building's outside walking around it attempting to find doors entrances to it.
He stared at the writing on the doors see through he found which read “Medical Center.”
Eric pulled at the door and opened it limping inside. He could see the lights were not on and looked around the room to see it had a set of desks and chairs in the room. There was no one in sight. He wandered further into the building passing rooms and hallways empty of life. Eric looked around looking confusingly with a frown. He felt the wound on his side and could sense there was blood coming from it. Groaning he felt the doors’ doorknobs and found them locked till one opened to reveal a room with a couch with chairs scattered around it with a window showing the weak sun shining in the sky. He pulled at the cupboards looking confusingly with a frown. He heard a humming sound coming from a big boxy thing in a silver color that was metal to the touch and pulled at the handle to see inside objects and smells assaulted him making him gag from the stink. With a groan Eric closed the door with a shut and went to the couch to lie down. He groaned in pain feeling himself falling asleep but flinched himself awake while sensing a light shining in his eyes followed by yelling gibberish of a male tone. He opened his eyes to sense the room’s lights were on and a man was standing there wearing a uniform. The man stood speaking words Eric didn’t understand.
Eric spoke “What? I don’t understand your words.”
The man gave a sighing sound and grabbed Eric by the arm and pulled him up from the couch. Eric let the man pull him out of the room down the hallways towards the entrance of the building judging by the route the male was taking him which he found his hunch correct. At the entrance the man pushed him out and closed the door behind him locking the doors with a golden object in his hand and pocketed it before walking away. Eric watched as the man walked away further into the building out of sight with a frown. Groaning of pain Eric tried the doors and found them locked like he thought they were by the male's manipulations. He banged a gloved hand onto the door repeatedly with a growl waiting and got no response from the male who kicked him out who remained out of sight. He gave up another growl and walked away from the door while listening to sounds with his ears hearing nothing threatening to him. He walked further into the night with night vision flashing from day vision showing moonlight from the moon shining in the sky high overhead. Eric walked pass the building till he reached a smooth road and walked on the road in the middle of it meeting no one on the way or seeing any vehicles driving on it on the way. He didn’t know how long he walked on the road when he heard a sound of a helicopter above him coming nearer and nearer. He looked up to see the helicopter flying low above him with a search light moving like they were seeking something and hovered as then the light shined on him illuminating day vision within his eyes sight.
Eric growled as he heard a male voice speaking on a loudspeaker “Eric, don’t run.”
The helicopter moved off and landed on the road in front of him its search light still blaring onto him and he stumbled towards it as a figure came out running towards him. 
The figure he saw was a man wearing a paramedic outfit reaching him spoke “It’s alright Eric, we’re here to help.”
Eric walked gripping his sides with his hands stumbling with the man’s arms around his shoulders and entered the helicopter. Inside Eric lay on the bed as the paramedics cut his clothes and yanked off his booted shoes while attending to his wounds as the helicopter flew up into the sky.
He heard the male paramedic say “That’s a nasty stab wound on your right side.”
As the female paramedic spoke “He has wounds on his left ankle.”
Eric lay staring at the paramedics as they worked on his wounds and closed his eyes. He sensed something covered his lower half of his face covering his nose and mouth which made him sleepier and he went unconscious letting the air of the oxygen mask he assumed it was putting him further asleep.

Chapter thirty three
He awoke to find himself in a room lying on a bed with off his right two rounded windows showing the shining sunlight blaring into the room he saw he assumed was a hospital room. Eric felt something on his chest and looked to see a furry animal which he recognized to be a cat. He stared at the cat which arched its back and gave a mew like meow sounds. Eric groaned as the cat walked off to sit by his legs and sat up in a sitting position. He could feel some bandages on his side and around his left ankle covered by a blanket along with his other leg. Groaning Eric frowned staring at the cat who gave a yowl like sound and he saw the door to the room out of the corner of his eyes open off his left. A man with short black hair with a white skunk streak in the middle on top and tan skin came in the room pushing a small cart while wearing a nurse’s uniform of scrubs.
The man spoke “Rise and shine, Eric, some thing for you.”
The nurse he assumed was the male's title involving medics adjusted the bed for Eric to lean back into a sitting position who spoke again “I have something for you to eat, Eric.”
The man hauled a tray from the cart and gently placed it on Eric’s lap who saw that the contents of the tray were food in dishware with liquid in a bottle with a tube attached.
Eric groaned and slowly ate his food as the nurse stood watching him along with gulping down the drink. Once Eric finished the contents of the tray the nurse took the tray away and put it in the cart. Then the nurse he saw left the room pushing the cart with him out and shutting the door behind him. Eric sighed as he saw the cat washing its paws. The cat gave a yawn baring its pink tongue and curled in a ball at his feet. A wave of sleepiness hit Eric and he yawned baring his fanged teeth and closed his eyes falling asleep which he awoke to find himself in a sitting position leaning against the wall back in the padded room.
He heard the familiar male voice speak from the speakers in the room “Enjoy your adventure, Eric?”
Eric looked up at the black window with a confused look on his face.
The voice spoke again “Your adventure was a set up, just to prove that you can’t survive out there without our help.”
Eric’s face turned into a glare as the voice continued “The forest is on the Asylum's lands and is littered with traps. The men who you met are people working here. As for the men they reported that you didn’t understand a word said in the commonly used Human language spoken to you by the natives living in dwellings bordering the Asylum's lands. If you had looked up closely in the trees you would have seen our cameras which showed you walking in the forests. The cameras tracked you and the man towards the buildings bordering the lands to the Asylum where building cameras saw you being knifed. It’s a shame that your knife wound would have been prevented if you knew self defense and understood what the man, one of our agents said which was ‘Give me your gloves’. Cameras show that you used anger to fight the agent using him as a punching bag which is not acceptable behavior, Eric. The agent is doing fine despite having some surgery to repair the damage done with your pounding him.”
The voice paused as Eric growled some sound and then continued speaking “We had the medical building's personal staff and patients you entered in, in hiding in some rooms hiding from you while locking out access to sensitive rooms to keep you out except for the man one of our guards was ordered to seek you out and get you out after it was appearing that you weren't leaving due to spotted sleeping in a room by cameras littered all over the building pinpointed your location after a visual search. We also sent you the helicopter just to pick you up and return you back to here where you permanently stay you hear? You’ll live here forever for the rest of your life for your not safe to be out among the population, you understand?”
Eric got up growling loudly and folded his arms while glaring at the black window.
He loudly spoke “I want to see Brianna and my son.”
The voice spoke “That’s not possible Eric.”
Eric growled loudly yelling lowering his arm with claws flexing “You will bring her and my son now!”
The voice replied “I’m sorry I can’t do that, Eric. It’s out of my hands.”
Eric yelled “Brianna and my son now!”
He stood watching the window listening for the voice to speak.
The voice spoke “I don’t have control of the place and I’m not the one who determines whether you get to see Brianna and your son.”
Eric stuck a pointing finger at the window shaking it and turned his back folding his arms. He unfolded his arms and stared at his clawed hands with a frown as an idea came to his mind. He turned around and with a glare at the window put his hands on his arms folding his arms in process. He stared with a glare at the window and dug his hands into his arms winching from the pain as he pulled his hands down scratching his arms with his clawed hands.
He heard the voice exclaim “Eric! What are you doing?!”
Eric proceeded to repeatedly scratch his arms with his hands while glaring at the window. He saw the window open and saw a dart gun sticking out hearing it fire and groaned feeling pain while seeing a long cylinder land on his chest sticking itself into the area and pumping the contents into him and dizzily fell towards the padded floor closing his eyes then groaned feeling himself go unconsciousness which passed out only to wake up to find himself in a familiar room with a cat sitting on his lap and he was in a sitting position leaning against the bed. Eric discovered that he was wearing a hospital gown over himself. He found himself chained to the bed sides with chain manacles on his wrists and ankles. He looked at his arms where the scratches were and could see that there were long thin lines in his skin in place of the scratches. The cat he saw stood up and arched its back then proceeded to use its paws to wash its head. The cat gave out a yowl like mew sound and then the door to the room was heard by him opening loudly with a slam. Eric stared to see the same nurse standing there with anger in his eyes. Eric looked at the nurse with confusion in his face.
The nurse spoke “Once the doctor clears you healed you’ll receive punishment.”
The nurse shook his head as Eric spoke “Wait, what about Brianna and my son?”
The nurse growled some nonsense sound he heard and the male spoke “Their all you care about, Eric? You want to see them? You will cooperate with our rules while living here or suffer punishment.”
Then the nurse he saw stormed from the room slamming the door. The cat put its paws on Eric’s chest and sniffed his face with its nose. Eric’s eyes stared at the cat which rubbed its face on his chin. Then the cat he saw sat tummy on his stomach while staring at his face.
Eric told the cat “I don’t understand it. No matter what I do, they keep finding fault with my actions and keep punishing me. I never seem to do anything right in their eyes at all.”
The cat cocked its head staring eyes unblinking at Eric while opening its mouth to lick its paws from the position on Eric’s lap. Moaning some sound Eric leaned his head back and fell asleep which he came to finding his front pressed into a gated fence while having chains wrapped around his wrists holding his arms above him and he was naked from the waist up.
He saw a male looking familiar having red orange short hair and a mustache and a beard of the same color looking at him with anger in his blue eyes. He frowned as the male spoke loudly "Set the whipping machine at number fifteen now."
He grimaced feeling the whip he assumed it was a ropey object hitting his back in a fast move bringing pain to him at each hit.
He eyed the male to notice fully on his jumpsuit was a name plate saying the words "Andrew Kossman."
Eric stiffened as he recalled Arielia's talk involving a male named Andrew being his biological father as he eyed the male in response he figuring out that he was his father. 
He spoke as his father eyed him with a glaring look of anger and accusation in his eyes 'Your my father. Your name plate's name Andrew proves what Arielia said about some guy named Andrew being biological father to me and my sisters."
Eric eyed his father who spoke loudly "Halt the whipping now!"
He sagged in relief as his father pulled out a device from his pocket and unfolded it making it longer in length making beeping noises on it and stuck it to his ear speaking "Eric now knows me as his father due to my name plate and what his sister Arielia said regarding me fathering her and siblings."
He heard a pause followed by his father adding "Fine will do."
Eric watched as his father put a finger on the device after removing it from his ear and heard a beep noise before folding it in half putting it back into a pocket and pulled out a syringe he grimacing seeing it looking clearly of water and watched as Kossman put the needle to his neck injecting the contents into it and removed the cylinder as he felt himself getting sleepy instead of water poisoning hitting. He shook his head from the sleepiness persisted and shut his eyes only to come to find himself back in the padded room leaning against the walls in a sitting position with pain stinging in his back which confused him for a moment with no memory of how he got the area to suffer pain came to his mind. He felt himself was wearing the familiar clothing of a tank top and pants. He groaned wincing of pain coming from his back and held up his hands. He could see thick cloth chainmail like gloves covered his hands entirely and they were attached to metal manacles on his wrists. Eric felt the gloves with his covered hands. He leaned against the padded room with a frown staring at the black window.
He heard a male voice speak “Well rise and shine, Eric.”
Eric saw the window open and saw a package arrive flying out landing on the padded floor with a thud. Groaning Eric crawled towards the package. Once reaching it he unzipped the package by the zipper he figuring out what the shiny object was and found it opened to his manipulations which he pulled out a colorful square block of food one at a time and ate the blocks entirely consuming them all. He also pulled out the drink bottle and drank from its tube after manipulating its tube's cap to open while groaning from the pain on his back. Eric sat on the padded floor with a frown on his face drinking slowly.
He heard the male voice speak via speaker “Eric, you want to see Brianna and your son?”
Eric paused from drinking to look up at the black window and spoke “Yes.”
He heard the voice speak “You will have to do what you’re told in order to see them.”
Eric asked “Like doing what?”
The voice he heard replied “Well that remains to be determined, Eric.”
Eric groaned but continued drinking the drink. Once done, he left the package littering on the floor and went walking to a corner of the room to sit sideways against the pads of the walls. He stared off in space staring at the black window with a frown on his face. Eric sat up from his sideways position and held up his gloved hands studying the material on them. He groaned feeling the rages arrive as his eyes sight clouded up in whiteness and put his hands to his head covering his eyes while shaking.
Eric spoke loudly “No not now when I need to cooperate.”
He shook his arms and hands closing his eyes and fisted his hands while grimacing.
Eric yelled “I will not let anger control me!”
Eric got up shaking his arms while flexing his hands opening his eyes.
He stood up unseeing the walls with a glare on his face yelling “No, no!”
He looked around to see nothing but whiteness and blindly charged at the walls clawing them with his gloved hands. Eric looked around wildly unseeing the walls in anger attacking the walls with his body ramming into them. Eric growled as he heard the door to the cell opened and looked in the door's direction judging by the noises to see a figure appearing to be blue, unseeingly the details standing there. The cell door closed behind the figure as Eric charged with hands in fists. He heard the figure gasp as he grabbed the figure’s head bringing pain to his body making him roar of pain loudly letting go and resumed his repeated head grabbing only to receive jolts of pain hitting his body keeping him roaring of pain repeatedly till he found the figure's armpits lifting the person up. Then abruptly he lowered the person down shaking his head as the whiteness and blueness left him showing the figure. He blinked his eyes to see the figure was Brianna who stared at him with worry on her face.
Eric spoke staring at her while moving his hands to gripping her bare arms “Brianna?”
He heard Brianna sigh some sound staring at him and pulled her in a hug in his arms. He kissed her face kissing her cheeks and leaned his chin on her forehead with his eyes closed, moaning some sound.
Brianna he heard asked “Eric, are you alright?”
Eric responded “I don’t know.”
He kept his eyes shut while keeping his arms around her blue gowned form. He sighed as he felt Brianna laid her hands on his chest touching the fabric of the tank top.
Eric spoke “Brianna, I missed you. How is our son?”
He rubbed her back as Brianna he heard answered “They call our son by the name of Ricky which is another name for Eric Junior.”
He kept his eyes closed as he moved his face till the right side was touching her face at the left side and said “Appears they named him after me.”
Brianna spoke “Yes, they have.”
Eric sighed and spoke “Has our son grown up a bit?”
He heard Brianna reply as he stroked her hair with his gloved hands feeling regret on not able to feel the silkiness due to the gloves getting in the way “He is growing normally for a Hybrid. He also has your claws hence him wearing hand coverings.”
Eric sighed again as he continued to pull his gloved fingers through her long hair stroking it.
He heard Brianna added while rubbing his chest with her hands “I came here with news. Your sister had a daughter named Anna with Henry. Their other child, a son Harry or Henry Junior is doing fine.”
Eric opened his eyes golden ones while feeling a strong mating urge and moved his head till he was looking straight at her brown eyes and he whispered “Brianna may I?”
Brianna he eyed in the eyes was felt moving her hands till they were felt onto his cheeks as he stared at her and lowered his face till his lips touched hers. Eric kissed her and then he broke off the kiss to pull at the gown Brianna was wearing taking it off her form revealing her nakedness. She helped him take off the tank top he was wearing and resumed kissing him on the lips. Eric broke off the kiss and laid his head on hers then he lowered her naked form gently down onto the padded floor. Brianna on the floor pulled at his pants which Eric yanked them off baring himself to her. He sighed as he went down to lie on the side of her as she pulled his face towards hers for a kiss and their lips touched meeting her hands still on his cheeks. He pulled his head to look closer at Brianna’s body. Eric could see that her breasts were appearing to be a bit bigger and that she was a little rounded in an area. Brianna he felt pulled his head closer to hers as he settled on top of her and their lips touched kissing again he feeling her body seemingly different from the last time he mated with her.
Eric spoke as he settled his head on hers pulling from the kiss his eyes staring at hers “Brianna, your body is different.”
He heard her reply as his gloved hands went to her sides tightening his hold “It’s alright, that’s from having Ricky.”
Eric felt Brianna wrapped her legs around his seat as he sighed moaning of pleasure feeling no barriers blocking the way while entering her with his sensitive part. He rolled onto his back with Brianna on top of him with her adjusting her legs till they were on his sides as she sat on him his hands on her hips while feeling her hands' touch on his chest moving all over while he moved her up and down his sensitive part keeping his hands on her hips in a rhythm thrusting. With a gasping like sigh he spilled himself inside her as she moaned while shaking from the haze of the mating. Eric heard Brianna sigh as he stroked her hips with his hands while on him and he adjusted her position pulling himself out till she was lying besides him arms wrapped around her. The door to the cell opened he saw and two orderlies dressed in white with male forms and familiar masks covering the lower part of their faces came in with dart guns aimed at them eyes narrowed in glares aimed at them. Eric abruptly growled as he gripped Brianna close to him with his arms around her.
One of the orderlies spoke in a male voice he heard sounding unkind to him “Brianna, play times over, get out.”
Eric glared at the orderlies, released his hold on Brianna and they both got up. He pulled on his clothes as she pulled on her gown. Eric folded his arms snarling some sound as Brianna left the cell walking passed the orderlies with the males backing out dart guns aimed at him and door slamming behind in response locking him inside.

Chapter thirty four
Eric sat leaning against the padded wall asleep with hands still in their gloves on his lap. He heard the window above open and opened his eyes to see a package of food came barreling out. The package landed on the mat with a thump. Eric groaned as he got up and went to the package. He sat unzipping it and slowly ate the food and drank from the bottle.
He heard the voice speak from above “Another congratulations Eric, Brianna had a daughter, Cassie short for Cassandra is the name. She will be the last child you will ever have with her. The doctor says a third child would cause physical harm to Brianna’s body so she’s tied. You can mate with Brianna but no more fathering children Eric.”
Eric finished with the food threw the package towards the door's outline after crumbling it up into a ball with a glare and resumed drinking the bottle’s contents through a tube.
Eric heard the voice speak “If you cooperate, you’ll get to see your children and perhaps Brianna.”
Eric finished the drink flattened the bottle with both hands finding it didn't crack into pieces from his hands' manipulations and threw it at the door's outline. He got up and walked towards the reflection mirror above the sink and stood staring at it looking with his hands on the sink. He lowered his head as he felt the rages arrive. Groaning Eric stared at himself as whiteness clouded up his eyes sight. He raised his hands fisting it them then turned around ramming himself into the padded walls. He barely heard the window above open and didn’t flinch as he felt a prick of pain in his back followed by sleepiness. Eric jerked shaking from the sleepiness struggling to stay awake till it got too much for him which he fell towards the padded floor letting the drug overcome him till he came from the depths of sleep as he smelled something waking him up. He felt himself wearing a jumpsuit while sitting in a chair and heard chain rattles as he moved his arms. Eric forced opened his eyes looking to see a man with red orange hair with a mustache and beard on his face. He stared at the man who capped a small bottle and put it in a pocket of his blue jumpsuit. Eric looked around to see that he was in a lighted white hallway, with a series of windows and doors at the sides of both walls while seeing the hallway in one end ended with a door having writing on it and a glowing writing sign above he finding himself unable to read as he peered passed the orange red haired male. Standing on his right side he hearing a throat clearing noise he looked to see grimacing was an orderly with a male form having a familiar mask covering the lower half of the tanned colored face while dressed in white holding a dart gun in gloved hands with brown eyes seen looking not kind to him as usual.
The orange red haired man he saw gestured towards the window in front of him with a hand and spoke “Eric, get up and take a look.”
Eric got up and looked through the window to see two figures in white dressed like the orderly showing feminine forms while holding moving colorful bundles which they brought to the window, holding them up him spotting the room's contents blocked by a curtain behind the female orderlies and moving bundles. Eric blinked his eyes shifting to stare with shock to see the bundles were babies he recognized by the looks of them with mops of black hair peeking from underneath their colorful hats on their heads. He noticed one baby was bigger than the other and was covered in a blue blanket and a blue cap on the head baring the face for him to see. The other baby he saw was smaller and was covered in a pink blanket and a pink hat on the head baring the face for him to see.
Eric stared at the babies and heard the man speak “The babies are your children, Ricky and Cassie.”
Eric looked at the babies as he felt a feeling of pride come to him and laid a gloved hand on the window staring at them. He turned around to face the man and walked forwards grabbing him in a hug while sensing the male didn't panic from his grabbing hug hold. Eric heard the dart gun go off and didn’t flinch feeling the familiar stinging pain of a dart in his back as he loosen his hold around the male. Eric felt the man wrap his arms around him gently lowering him down on the floor as he fell asleep falling unconscious surrendering to the nothingness coming upon him sensing nothing all around him but darkness.

Part Two: Terrania

Chapter one
Eric jerked himself awake to find himself lying on the floor in the padded cell as he felt a shaking vibration. The room’s shaking vibration resumed as he stood up. Eric felt himself pinched forwards violently as the room shook. He went to a wall and grabbed the corners as the shaking arrived violently. Then he saw something like smoke arrive from above billowing in the room. Eric tip tossed towards the padded door and pounded on the small window as the smoke covered the room. He coughed breathing the smoke and fell towards the floor letting the sleepiness overcome him till he moved his head waking up sensing a bright light shining on his eyes abruptly. He woke up with a start to stare at a man wearing a jumpsuit who had red orange short hair with a beard and mustache covering his face. The man he saw was kneeling next to him with a pen device giving off a blaring light in his hand aimed at his face.
Eric growled as the man spoke “Eric, I’m Andrew Kossman referred as Kossman, are you alright?”
Eric got up as Kossman he assumed was his name stood up putting the device in his pocket and spoke again “Brianna, let me take you to her please.” 
Eric glared at Kossman sensing the male's voice was familiar like he heard it before who went to the door opening it. He could see his sister Arielia standing in the doorway with a frown on her face. She wordlessly handed him folded clothing with white shoes with shoelaces and then turned her back. Eric under Kossman’s watchful eye changed into the clothing which was underwear shorts, blue long sleeve shirt top, blue pants seemingly matched the top in color and material and socks including the shoes. He tossed aside the white pants and the grey tank top leaving them littered on the floor.
Eric held up his hands which were still gloved in chainmail gloves as Kossman spoke “Oh”
Kossman he glared at pulled out a set of keys from his pocket and unchained the manacles on his wrists pulling off the gloves tossing them on the floor. Kossman he saw pulled out of another pocket a pair of gloves he recognized them as his familiar black gloves and held them up as he grabbed the male on the neck gagging him with one hand due to realizing why the male's voice was familiar. 
Eric demanded “Who do you think you are? I recognized you by your voice from the speakers above.”
Kossman gagged out hands on Eric’s arm “I’m your father, Eric.” 
Eric’s eyes narrowed as Kossman added gagging out “The sleep drugs you’ve been given have been making you forget things. You’ll remember once you withdrawn from the drugs.” 
Eric let go of Kossman who coughed and he snatched the gloves from his hands sensing that they were his original gloves from the feel of them in his hands. Eric went to the doorway while putting on the gloves feeling them fit his hands perfectly to his standards and felt familiar to him while wearing them. He tapped his sister on the shoulder. She turned around with a frown on her face. 
He spoke pointing to his lips “Where are Brianna and my children?”
Arielia replied “Father and I will show you.” 
Eric noticed Arielia make a grimace look on her face when he bared his teeth at her. He followed her out of the padded cell and stopped staring at the great rugged room. Eric turned around to see Kossman leave the padded cell closing the door which matched the black walls and blended in. Eric growled some sound as he felt a hand on his arm and looked at Arielia who gently pulled him towards a wall. He stood as she let go of his arm and went to the wall putting her hands on it. The wall to his surprise slid open like a sliding door revealing a hallway beyond the entrance. Eric followed Arielia with Kossman taking up the rear into the large hallway which had pipes all around on the sides and on the ceiling. The three wordlessly walked till they reached the end of the hallway with a doorway. Eric frowned as he followed his sister through mazes of hallways and stairwells through doorways which ended with a set of curving stairs going up and down in a circular pattern. 
Eric snarled out as he followed Arielia up the stairs “Where am I, Kossman?”
Kossman spoke “You’re in the Zesky Asylum which is a large sea boat.” 
Eric growled some sound as Kossman groaned. Arielia, he saw reached double doors and opened it walking inside the hallway with him and Kossman following her. Eric could see that the hallway was light brown color all around with colorful pictures in frames on the walls. He looked around seeing dark brown doors on his right side as he followed his sister towards a set of white double doors on his left which she opened walking inside them swinging from her manipulations. The room he saw after getting inside was on the large side with windows facing the doorway that showed the shining sun. There were tables with benches attached along with tables and chairs along with humming machinery on one wall. Eric saw Brianna sitting on a chair which she seeing him stood up and walked towards him. He grabbed Brianna as she reached him wrapping his arms around her as she did the same. 
Eric spoke “Brianna” as Brianna spoke “Eric.” 
He heard Kossman clear his throat and speak “Your children are over in the corner with Harry and Anna.” 
Eric looked to see where Kossman was pointing to see in the corner of the room were four children playing with toys as Ionela sat next to them with Henry. 
Eric felt Brianna put a hand on his chest and looked at her in the eyes as she spoke “Eric, Ricky and Cassie are aware of me as their mother. They know that they have a father which they haven’t seen. I have to introduce you to them as their father.” 
Eric frowned hearing her words and wordlessly let Brianna pull him towards the children sitting on padded floor in the corner of the room. 
Reaching the children, Eric groaned inwardly as two of the children seeing them, they got up saying in unison “Mommy!”
He stood watching as his two children toddled over to Brianna gripping her by her legs of the long ankle length blue dress she was wearing. 
Brianna lean down while holding his gloved hand speaking “Ricky, Cassie, this is Eric, your Daddy.”
Ricky and Cassie looked at him with their eyes both staring as Eric stared at their small forms. Brianna he saw let go of his hand to peel their arms off her legs. Eric sighed as he got down on his knees making himself level with his son and daughter who stared at him with curiosity on their faces. 
He spoke “Ricky, Cassie, I’m your Daddy.”
Ricky he noticed had some kind of hand covering on his hands he recognized from memory were called mittens while Cassie’s hands were bare as they stared at him. Ricky walked forwards with Cassie following towards him. Eric sighed as he felt Ricky put a mitten hand on his shoulder as Cassie did the same. Eric slowly wrapped his arms around his children who didn’t protest to the hug. 
Then Eric let go lowering his arms as Ricky and Cassie together spoke “Daddy.”
He sighed again as Ricky and Cassie went to the toys and started playing with them. Eric got up from his position to stand next to Brianna putting a hand on her shoulder as she wrapped a hand around his waist. 

Chapter two
Eric sat on the bench looking around the room then settled his eyes on his children sitting on the pad playing with toys in one corner of the room. Brianna and Arielia, he could see out of the corner of his eyes sat talking to Ionela as Henry was busy talking to Kossman. He frown seeing Ricky bow his head jerking it and saw his son raise his head with an angry look on his face. Eric sat up straighter watching as Ricky hit his sister on the shoulder repeatedly. He heard a screeching sound come from Cassie who got up crying and looked to see Brianna walking towards her. 
Eric got up as Brianna picked up Cassie who cried out “Mommy, Ricky hit me.” 
He stood watching as Brianna walked towards Ricky while holding Cassie and heard her loudly speak “Eric Junior, it’s not nice to hit your sister.” 
Eric saw Ricky stand up with an angry look on his face growling loudly.
He walked towards them as Brianna put down Cassie while speaking “Ricky, stop that behavior now or face the wall.” 
Eric’s eyes narrowed watching as Brianna grabbed Ricky still loudly growling on the arm hauling him towards a wall. He reached Brianna’s side as she let go of a growling Ricky who swung his arms hitting her on the legs. 
Eric spoke in a firm tone “Eric Junior.” 
He glared at Ricky who stopped hitting his mother to look at him as he continued speaking still using the firm tone “Eric Junior, it’s not right to hit your mother so turn around and face the wall.”
Eric folded his arms as Ricky still staring at him turned around and faced the wall with his hands at his sides. He lowered his arms as Brianna wrapped arms around his form hugging him. He heard her exhale air and wrapped his arms around her leaning his head against hers. 

Chapter three
Eric sighed from the memory of Brianna admitting to him of Ricky's behavior of acting angry and targeting his sister by hitting her which his punishment was to go face a wall he was obeying at first then he started rebelling which Kossman got involved picked up Ricky who screamed out "Daddy help!"
He frowned recalling that Brianna added that it was Arielia during her explorations found him in the padded room unconscious and told the others despite using sign language in her excitement of finding him which Ionela fluent in her hand language had to interpret her talk to the other adults of where he was which Kossman and his sister went to wake him up. He sighed standing in the bedroom of his quarters shared with Brianna to hear sounds of water running coming from the bathroom making him nervous unexpectedly. He groaned softly to recall Brianna once the sun stopped shining outside got Ricky and Cassie out of the cafeteria room into a bedroom with him following and proceeded to get the two kids onto a lower bunk bed asleep after she gave them kisses on the forehead which they shut their eyes and appeared to conk out to him. He had wordlessly followed Brianna to another doorway next door to the doorway to the kids' bedroom to find a bedroom holding a big bed with various objects in it he pestered Brianna with questions on what they were while wanting to know their identities she answering them along with introducing the bathroom and its contents including telling him to stay out due to needing to shower which was part of her living requirements. Eric heard the shower water stop as he took off his clothes and shoes putting them in the dresser and found a pair of white pants and a grey tank top he put on leaving his gloves on. He heard an odd noise come from the bathroom frowned to go peer to stand watching Brianna use a gun shaped like device which he learned from her was called a hair dryer to appear to dry her hair that looked like it was shiny and slick and saw the thing appeared to be blowing her hair in various directions. He stood watching Brianna’s naked form as she looked through the mirror above the sink at him as she used the noisy hair dryer which blew her hair all over the place from her movements concentrated on the area at herself. Eric frowned as she pulled a handheld object through her hair with the hair dryer. 
The hair dryer he heard went silent as Brianna spoke “Eric, I’m aware that water on your skin can kill you even the smallest drop can be poison hence me using the hair dryer.” 
He kept his mouth shut as Brianna resumed the noise with a click of a switch blowing her hair. Sighing Eric left the bathroom doorway to look around the bedroom. He stared at the large bed with blankets and pillows on it as it jutted from a wall with a headboard. Next to the bed on each side were two small dressers with drawers and each had a lighted object on top of them which he learned from Brianna called lamps. There were two plush arm chairs in one corner with a small table between them and a lamp sitting on the table. Frowning he stood staring at the room and its contents looking at the unfamiliarity of it. Eric heard the hair dryer noise went silent and stood staring at the bathroom doorway as Brianna clad in a short sleeve white like dress he assumed was called a nightgown left the bathroom turning off the light carrying folded clothing in her hands to put them into the dresser. Eric watched her pull the blankets and got in the bed. He went to the other side of the bed, getting in as Brianna pulled the blankets to settle on his chest. Eric lay staring at the ceiling frowning feeling Brianna move to turn off the lamp next to the bed plunging semi darkness despite a glowing blue light shining from the wall seen off his right behind the armchairs in the wall. Eric lay in the bed struggling to keep his eyes shut as he felt Brianna shift repeatedly over and over making him open his eyes to look at her, her vibrations felt throughout the bed. He groaned feeling a headache while turning to his side facing Brianna’s form and heard a loud beeping like noise. Eric weary opened his eyes as he heard the lamp click on. He stared at Brianna who touched a small boxy like object next to the lamp on the bed stand cutting off the beeping noises and she sat up getting out of the bed. Eric sat up with confusion as Brianna stood up stretching her arms. 
She turned to face him and spoke “Eric, it’s time to get up for its morning.”
Eric groaned as he got up from the bed and went to exchange his clothes from the dresser along with putting on his shoes as he sensed Brianna watching him from seeing her eyeing him as he glanced repeatedly during his clothes exchanging. He in returned finished dressing turned to watch Brianna change her clothing yanking off the white dress putting it in a drawer while putting on white underwear covering her sensitive parts below her waist along with putting something on over her breasts that appeared to wrap around the upper body focused on that area then her blue dress she took out from a dresser drawer she appearing to ignore him staring at her. Eric groaned feeling an unfamiliar feeling arrive to himself in his throat which made his eyes sight blurry. He shook his head of the dizziness putting a gloved hand on his forehead groaning loudly. 
Eric heard Brianna speak “Eric?”
He felt a hand on his back followed by Brianna pulling him by the arms towards the bathroom where she forced him to kneel in front of the toilet after adjusting the top cover for it with his head over it. Eric groaned as he threw up the contents of his stomach several times into the toilet. 
He asked during a break of throwing up “Brianna, how did you know of this?”
Brianna replied while rubbing a hand on his head “Kossman told me the symptoms of withdrawal from the drugs you were given.”
Eric groaned in reply as he threw up with Brianna standing behind him rubbing his back with her hands.  

Chapter four
Eric sat next to the toilet with his back against the wall eyes closed with his gloved hands on his lap. He shivered feeling the cold of the room and rubbed a hand on his forehead. 
Brianna had left him saying “I’ll tell the others about this.”
Eric opened his eyes as tears fell from them while shivering violently from feeling cold. He stood up and stumbling towards the bathroom doorway shaking. He grabbed the large cylinder canister housing the hair dryer on the floor and took out the device which he clumsily put on the hook next to the doorway. Groaning Eric stumbled towards the bed and began pulling the blankets. He fell into the bed clutching the canister with one hand and pulled the blankets over his cold form teeth chattering. Eric saw as he lay in the bed surrounded by the blankets Brianna arrive with Kossman who was carrying a small black bag with silver handles and the two went to his form lying in the bed. 
He shivered violently with tears falling from his eyes while hearing Brianna spoke “Kossman, what’s wrong with Eric? I think it’s from those tears on his face which is poisoning him.”
He heard Kossman reply “No, his own body water won’t poison Eric whose body is reacting to the withdrawal of the drugs.”
Eric at the moment sat up and threw up into the canister several times as the shivering stopped. He felt the bed move as Brianna joined his form on the bed to sit next to him with her arms around his shoulders as he threw up. Eric groaned feeling the throw up feeling leave him as tears fell some more from his eyes. He lay down on the bed with her taking the canister to put on the dresser he saw.
Eric heard Kossman speak “Brianna, here put this in his mouth, it’ll take his temperature.” 
He moaned as he felt a round metal object thrust in his mouth to stick under his tongue and clamped his mouth closed around it. 
Eric stared at the ceiling groaning with the object in his mouth which was taken out after a faint beep noise was heard and heard Kossman speak again “Interesting, his temperature is normal for a Human despite having a high degree temperature when he was put in the tube.” 
Eric closed his eyes then opened them as he felt a familiar feeling hitting him that made him recall something else other than throwing up. He yanked off the blankets and got up from the bed running pass Brianna and Kossman not stopping him running into the bathroom slamming the door. 

Eric came out of the bathroom and stumbled into the room with a hand on his stomach groaning loudly. He felt Brianna grab his arm and pulled him towards an armchair where he sat leaning his head back against the chair. Eric saw Arielia standing in the room holding a tray in her hand with smells that assaulted him as she placed the tray on the table next to the chair. Eric saw her leave the room with a backward glance at him. He groaned watching Brianna put a fork he figuring what the utensil was full of food from a bowl on the tray and brought it to his lips which he opened his mouth. Eric took the food eating it. He chewed the food she brought to his lips with the fork and once finished he sat watching as she took the drink bottle on the tray. She brought the tube jutting from its canister to his lips which he took sucking on the liquid.
Eric finished with the drink bottle released the tube by spitting it out to speak “Brianna-” 
Brianna spoke interrupted him “Eric, it’s alright. You’ll be ok, the worse symptoms of the withdrawal has passed. You just need some rest that’s all.” 
He hearing her words closed his eyes letting himself fall asleep only to wake up by Brianna kissing him on the lips he kissed back her hand on his cheek. 
He sighed as she broke off the kiss and he opened his eyes to eye her clad only in her nightgown as she spoke "Its time for you to lie in bed so get up and get to bed now."
He obeyed going to the dresser and took off his clothes leaving him clad only in his gloves and his underwear shorts due to seeing Brianna in bed eyeing him with a narrowed eyed look he feeling not inclined to bare himself to her. He got into bed shutting off the lamp and found Brianna doing the same with her lamp and didn't protest as she laid her head on top of his chest and sensed her passed out unconscious which he shut his eyes only to come to hearing the beeping of the alarm clock while feeling himself much better rested. He sighed and got up as Brianna got up after turning on the lamp. He went to the dresser and put on his clothes and shoes then eyed Brianna going into the bathroom carrying folded clothing in her hands which he sighed and went to an armchair to sit due to figuring out that she was showering. He sat not too long struggling to hear the noises from the bathroom despite the door firmly shut blocking the noises she made in there. He frowned as Brianna came out clad in her clothes who went up to him taking his gloved hand and pulled him out of the room to their children's bedroom to go inside waking up Ricky and Cassie who didn't protest to being waked up. 
Eric eyed his children as Brianna got them out of bed and spoke towards him "I have been teaching the children the use of the bathroom due to diapers out of short supply hence they appearing to get it what I want them to do but they need reminding anyway." 
He frowned eyeing Brianna take each child by the hand and got them into the bathroom he following to see Ricky had a male sensitive part and Cassie had a female sensitive part but her chest didn't indicate breasts to him despite seeing the nipples in the area as Brianna got his children's bodies bared for removing the jumpsuit by a familiar metal lined object involving yanking it down to their waists and pulling the rest of it down to their ankles during the teaching of the bathroom use he finding the children appeared to be getting it easily and didn't appear to protest to the teaching. He frowned as Brianna got Cassie and Ricky to wash their hands to feel confused seeing his son not act water poisoned from the hand washing. Eric watched as Brianna got Ricky and Cassie's jumpsuits back on to normal means then got them out of the bathroom with him following to the cafeteria room and got them to sit onto a bench which he saw her go to the food processing machines leaving him alone with the children who stared at him with curiosity looks on their faces despite still not acknowledging him as their father to his annoyance. He eyed the children back as he felt himself getting a rage episode shut his eyes putting fisted gloved hands onto his forehead while gritting his teeth forcing himself to will the emotion away till he felt it went away to find Cassie clinging to his leg in some tight grip which he gently removed to put her back onto the bench she not protesting to it. He sighed and eyed the children as Brianna arrived into view carrying a tray of nourishment which he saw her place on the table in front of the children and fork fed Cassie while giving him a glare gesturing her head towards Ricky he figuring out he should do the feeding which he proceeded to do finding his son not protesting to being fed. 
He found that Ricky had a big appetite took in everything he gave his son including sipping all of the drink bottle's contents through its familiar tube jutting from its cylinder top cap then once done found Brianna getting the children to the padded floor where the toys were and then ordered towards him "You and I need to eat. The children have been fine staying in this area and not leaving without asking for our permission or having punishment for misbehaving so get some food for yourself. I'm not getting it for you."
Eric frowned but obeyed feeling himself disagreeing with Brianna's attitude towards him he figured it was best not to protest as he got himself some nourishment and carried it to a table to sit eating while noticing Ionela and Henry at a table feeding their children Harry and Anna and figured that they came in the room later than he and Brianna came in. He took in the nourishment and once done put the dishes, utensils and tray away in the dishwashing machine to go sit at a table bench near the padded area where Ricky and Cassie were playing away ignoring him staring. 
He frowned as Brianna came up to him "Eric, its unnecessary for you to sit watching the children so go sit somewhere else now."
He felt himself protesting to see Brianna give him a glare which he without a word got up and went to another table to sit in a chair eyeing the room's entrance to see Arielia walk in looking grumpy to him followed by Kossman which both ignored him staring went to the food processing units and got some nourishment and both went to separate tables he noticing that. Eric shifted to eye Henry and Ionela seated together eating and drinking their own nourishments as he looked to find Harry and Anna had joined his children and were playing away with the toys. 
He sighed and watched his children seemingly lengthy them ignoring him staring till Brianna was heard loudly ordering him to quit looking which he obeyed to stand up going to the entrance of the room only to get blocked by Kossman getting into his way holding a hand up while speaking "Where do you think your going?"
Eric spoke answering Kossman's question “I think we should explore the ship.” 
Kossman spoke in a firm tone “The place is too big.” 
Eric glared at his father and spoke sounding angry “I still think we should explore the ship.” 
Kossman he saw narrowed his blue eyes and spoke with an angry tone instead of sounding firm “I said the place is too big.”
Eric narrowed his eyes of anger at Kossman and fisted his gloved hands growling loudly. 
Kossman continued loudly “Your still withdrawing from the drugs, go sit and calm down.” 
Eric growled loudly refusing to sit. 
Kossman ordered pointing at a direction with a pointer finger “Go sit down.”
Eric with a glare at his father stormed to a chair and sat gripping his arms to himself. He bowed his head, closing his eyes and rubbed a gloved hand on his forehead.
Eric sat growling when he heard a kid voice speaking “Daddy.” 
He opened his eyes to see Cassie standing in front of his seated form. 
She raised her arms as she spoke “Daddy.” 
Eric leaned forwards and picked up his daughter setting her sideways on his lap gripping her in a hug with one arm. He rubbed her long black hair with another hand as she leaned her head against his body. Eric stared at Cassie who yawned rubbing hands on her eyes and closed them falling asleep on his lap. He leaned back in the chair with Cassie held by his arms on his lap as she slept. Frowning Eric felt hands rubbing his head and looked at his left to see Brianna who smiled a small smile at him and then she rubbed his cheeks. 
She leaned her head close to his ear and he heard her whisper “Appears that Cassie and Ricky have accepted you as their father. That's by Cassie has chosen to sleep on your lap and Ricky is sleeping on the floor next to the chair you’re sitting on.”
Eric moved his head looking down at his right side to see his son sleeping sprawled on the floor next to the chair.

Chapter five
Eric stormed into the sleeping quarters he shared with Brianna in anger. He fisted his gloved hands glaring around the room with a narrowed eyed look. He folded his arms snarling loudly while hearing Brianna come in the room closing the door. Eric paced in the room with Brianna watching him.
He stopped his pacing to angrily speak “Kossman, who does he think he is?”
He heard Brianna sigh some sound and she spoke “He’s your father.” 
Eric growled out “Some father he is, ordering me to do things like I’m some servant. I hate it.”
Brianna he heard replied “He’s still your father.” 
Eric glared at her and spoke “What did Kossman mean about me having a high temperature when put in a tube? What’s a tube anyway?”
He heard Brianna hiss a sound and continued speaking “I heard his words when I was lying sick in bed with that thing in my mouth.” 
Eric stared at Brianna who turned walking towards the door and added “I’m your mate. Don’t keep secrets from me, Brianna.”
He stared at her back as she paused from walking and turned around to face him. 
Brianna spoke “Your angry rages were making you uncontrollable. Alexei Zesky, the One, had you put in a cryogenic tube freezing you just to keep you and others safe.”
Eric folded his arms as she paused and continued “Do you remember how you got out of the tube, Eric? Arielia found you lying unconscious in a padded room with the door closed and told the others which your father and her went to you just to see if they could wake you up which happened.” 
Eric spoke “I remember waking up in the padded room while feeling very violent shaking vibrations along with smoke that came into the room putting me unconscious. I don’t recall being in a tube of any kind.” 
Brianna spoke “Eric, it’s alright.” 
He felt the mating urge from his sensitive part, walked up to Brianna and laid hands on her sides pulling her close to him holding her in a hug. Eric felt her put her hands on his chest as he rubbed his cheek on the side of her head. 
He groaned out “Brianna, I missed you.”
Eric heard her speak “Eric, I missed you too.” 
He spoke feeling the urge get stronger as Brianna leaned her head on his shoulder as he held her in his arms “Brianna may I?”
He moved his head as Brianna silently put hands on his cheeks as he lowering it while she raised her face. His lips touched hers while he took off his gloves tossing them aside as he felt her rub his head running her fingers through his hair with one hand while keeping the other hand on his cheek. Eric put a clawed hand on her cheek rubbing it with his palm as his other hand ran fingers through her long hair with his lips continued meeting Brianna’s lips. He broke off the kiss and began pulling at his shirt top yanking it off his form as she pulled off her dress. Eric pulled her towards him and resumed kissing her on the lips with his hands on her cheeks then broke off the kiss to remove the rest of his clothes as she did the same. Naked Eric picked up Brianna’s form carrying her towards the bed and gently lowered her as his body went to settle on top of her. Eric’s clawed hands underneath her back flexed clawing the blankets. He felt her hands on his head pulling him towards hers as he entered her with her legs wrapping around him. Eric rubbed his chin on Brianna’s forehead as he started a rhythm moving inside her as she moved meeting his thrusts. He gasped as he spilled inside her while feeling her shake from the mating. With a sigh, Eric twisted himself to his back putting her on top at him and adjusted her position moving her to his side with his arms wrapped around her form. He closed his eyes and sighed as she laid her head on his shoulder. 
His stomach grumbled in response which he sighed and opened his eyes speaking "I'm hungry I want to eat."
He got nothing in response from Brianna instead felt her remove herself from him which he got up from the bed and noticed her giving him scrutiny look as he got into his clothes and she doing the same. He ignored her staring as he got into his socks and shoes and got handed his gloves which he put on then left to the cafeteria to notice Arielia gone from the room and not in sight. He frowned as he got some nourishment and ate the food and drank the drink while sitting facing the doors to the room due to figuring out that Arielia had gone to explore the ship. He took in the nourishment then put away the dishes and utensils and tray then stood with arms folded eyes onto the doors with a glare on his face. 
He heard a throat clearing noise off his left to glare at Kossman who spoke "Actually Arielia left the ship to explore the city due to seeing the city the water ship is docked at different from New London is the city. She claimed that the New London city doesn't have those buildings and proved her words by seeing various manoids on the land deck looking not human but oddly having some oddness to them which I have seen myself after she told me of this. She and I debated on whether for her to leave but I told her to go and figure out what this city is and who those humanoids are actually. I gave her a time frame of exploration to arrive back which the arrival time hasn't hit yet. I'll let you know when it'll come up soon." 
He frowned but felt fear hitting him unexpectedly began to pace walking back and forth to hear Ionela yell loudly "Eric! Cut that pacing its bothering me!"
He felt the fear remained left the room going to his quarters to pace seemingly lengthy walking back and forth feeling the feeling refusing to leave him despite his attempts to will it away. 
He kept the pacing to notice Brianna arrive into the room who spoke "Eric stop worrying she can take care of herself anyway." 
He spoke "Just afraid for her." 
He frowned as Brianna gave him a narrowed eyed look who didn't comment a response went up to him and hugged him in a bear hug he hugging her back in response feeling his fearful feeling stop bothering him.

Chapter six
Eric stood on an upper outer deck of the ship stood facing the gangplank. The appointed time Arielia should arrive had passed he finding himself annoyed and worried for her despite she failing to arrive. He stood on the deck eyeing the manoids on the land deck appearing to not notice him standing watching them despite him using his invisibly ability to keep himself hidden whenever they glanced in his direction He sensed someone on the deck with him looked to find Brianna in sight who appeared to not notice his hidden invisibly trick to his relief. 
He eyed her as she reached him and spoke "Come with me now. It's obvious that Arielia ran into a problem and won't arrive at the appointed time." 
He removed Brianna's hand off his repeatedly as she attempted to pull him away from the gangplank's area. 
He gave her a glare and spoke firmly "Leave me alone Brianna." 
Eric shifted to stare at the gangplank to hear a whooshing sound he ignored while sensing Brianna had walked away from him from not sensing her near him. He stared at the land deck to find it contained four humanoids gathered near the gangplank he shifting to his invisible state eyeing them warily. He saw four of the humanoids had identical looks of blue hair with white skin and intense all blue eyes and a Human like face wearing identical clothes that made him think it involved a uniform while gathered around three of the humanoids who were appearing to be talking to each other. He saw a male and female having small Human brown eyed looks while having pointed ears the male having long blonde hair partially pulled back while wearing clothes that made him think it was some kind of suit and saw the female had long dark red colored hair partially pulled back in similar styled as the male but had a dress on her form that appeared to look like some feminine version of the male's suit that had identical colors on it. Eric shifted to eye the other humanoid that was towering over the two pointed ear humanoids and appeared to have a rail thin form judging by the neck and face of intense black Human eyes with short white hair dressed in a white robed dress covering from the tip of the neck to the feet showing a male form with golden webby like feet peeking out. Eric eyed the three to see the four uniformed males attack the three talking humanoids one sticking a syringe into the neck of the female who dropped to the ground along with pulling out a gun weapon to hit on the back of the head of the males who both kneeled looking out of it. He watched as one of the uniformed males picked up the female and carried her on the land deck she not moving to a box surrounded by a jutting in a circle like metal line block and placed her on top of it before walking off and appeared to be making some noise he hearing sounding musical followed by the box covering the female's body entirely he assuming that she was dead of poisoned status from needle syringe. He kept himself invisible as the uniformed males hauled the two males up the gangplank walking passed him and saw them looking around as if finding something which they found a door and pushed the two males inside then shut the door to stand near him not noticing him in hidden state watching them.
Eric frowned as one of them spoke loudly in some odd accent he finding himself understanding what was said "What should we do with Emperor Palin and President Tikcovsky anyway?"
He heard a second speaking "Emperor Palin will retaliate against us for this stunt of taking out his mate Empress Meduna Palina any chance he can due to how the natives of Terrania fear him." 
Eric frowned hearing that eyed them as a third spoke holding up a tube of clear liquid he seeing it with distaste "Emperor Palin won't retaliate period for I have a message for him if he tries anything against us." 
He eyed the tube holding male who added "Help me restrain President Tikcovsky while I pour this into his eyes for the Emperor to see for himself of the threat of what we'll do towards him if he tries to retaliate against us." 
Eric watched as the four entered the room he staying rooted in his spot to hear a loud scream sounding muffled to him followed by the four uniformed males hauling the pointed eared male he assuming was Emperor Palin having brown Human eyes narrowed in a glare aimed at the males as they led out the other male President Tikcovsky he assumed having his black eyes turned into the color white and appeared to be blind to him by the way one of the uniformed males guided him to the gangplank and off the ship onto the land deck he continuing on watching them walk pass the box not sparing it a glance and walked out of view. Eric frowned at what he'd seen revealed his form and stood seemingly lengthy as the sunlight became dimmer followed by nighttime of the overhead lights turning on illuminating him which he shifted into his invisible state keeping his vigil as the nighttime seemed to go on not too lengthy followed by daylight arriving again with rain falling. Eric growled to himself glaring at the rain while being protected by an upper deck above him.
He grumbled out loud “Water will kill me if I’m in it.”
He stood glaring at the gangplank that led from the ship towards the land deck. Eric growled. It had been to him too much time since Arielia left the ship and hadn’t returned at the appointed time. He stood at the entrance to the ship maintaining his vigil for his sister’s return. Eric stood impatiently waiting for he had stood there since he found out from Kossman that Arielia missed her appointed time to come back. He stood with arms folded as he gave the gangplank a glare. The rains stopped but he stood to see the city clearly while straining his eyes struggling to find Arielia. He stood as a golden globe landed on the land deck in front of the gangplank. The globe reverted backwards becoming smaller and smaller revealing two figures which the globe entered the chest of a figure and saw them both walk towards him on the gangplank. Eric stood watching as the two figures reached him. Eric growled loudly recognizing his sister dressed in raggedy brown clothing and standing behind her was a taller than her, figure in a male form he assumed was a male. The figure wearing white and black smooth clothing who stared at him with shiny white orbs from the black mask on his face covering his nose and above while wearing a triangle shaped hat on the head. Eric lowered his arms as Arielia ran forwards grabbing him in a hug. He hugged her back then released her but she kept a hand on his chest as he gave the masked figure a glare. 
He looked at Arielia who signed with her hands he finding himself understanding her words easily despite not knowing of her hand language before “Eric, use your voice to talk to Aiden here. He wants to tell you what happened to me.” 
Eric spoke using his voice “Who are you and what have you done to my sister?”
Aiden spoke he heard in a guttural voice speaking the same language “You must be Eric, Arielia’s brother. My name is Aiden we’re a species called Drainer who drink blood from others to live. She was observed talking with her hands hence her captured by one of my kind as a way to communicate with my Leader, my King who does not have the voice ability.”
Eric’s eyes narrowed as Arielia put a hand on his chest restraining him as he stood with gloved hands fisted. 
Aiden continued talking “Our King was having problems with his feeding and needed a female to mate with. He used her as against her will for mating and repeated feeding.”
Eric growled loudly as the Drainer paused and then added “Arielia was badly traumatized and needed healing. She was healed by people of another species called Beddune who made Arielia well enough for her to return here.” 
Eric folded his arms turning towards Arielia who stared at his face, and he spoke with her lip reading “Go meet the others in the cafeteria. I’ll meet you there.” 
Arielia signed “Don’t hurt Aiden. I already have something against them for what they did to me. So please don’t take it out on him.” 
Eric nodded his head and resumed a glaring stare at Aiden as Arielia left the two running away down the hallway of the deck.
Aiden spoke “I want to apologize for what happened to Arielia here. My people hadn’t thought of a way of communicating with my King till we saw Arielia and forced her to teach us her hand language.” 
Eric snarled out “You could have asked instead of using force, Drainer.” 
The Drainer kept his mouth shut as Eric continued “By asking we would have taught you and your kind the language. None of this would have happened to Arielia.” 
Aiden spoke “I get your point, Eric.” 
Eric growled out “Get out, Drainer. You want something from us next time you ask but no forcing.” 
Aiden answered to Eric’s remark “I’ll tell my people that.” 
Eric glared at Aiden who turned and walked down the gangplank. Eric kept his eyes on Aiden who reached the land deck and stood as a globe came from the Drainer surrounding him. The globe lifted up in the air and flew away. Eric snarled some sound then walked away. He went to the cafeteria to see Brianna there that gave him a glare and jabbed a finger at the food processing units he noticing Arielia and Ionela not in sight which he obeyed to her gesture got some nourishment loading up on it due to feeling himself terribly hungry. He carried the tray to a table and ravenously ate and drank his food and went to the food processing units still finding himself still hungry and got a second helping of the nourishment which he again ravenously ate till he felt he had enough of the nourishment put the items away in the dishwashing unit and went to sit next to Brianna staring at the doors' entrance to the room ignoring him. Eric didn't comment a response as Brianna kept her attention onto the doors as Ionela came in without Arielia which his mate got up and walked towards her him following. 
He frowned eyeing Ionela who spoke once they reached her "Arielia said she's not ready to talk on what happened to her but she claims that you her brother already knows what happened to her so talk on this now." 
He obeyed mentioning Aiden the Drainer and the male he assumed was a male's talk to him along with Arielia talking him out of punching the Drainer for his people's nasty treatment towards his sister by claiming of already having something against them done. He told her to leave which she obeyed then Aiden apologized for what happened to his sister which he told off the Drainer that he and his people could have asked Arielia and her people for help with their problem instead of using force which the male appeared to get it his talk left him which he walked back inside finished with his vigil. 
Eric clamped his mouth shut eyeing Ionela who spoke "Arielia sort of hid herself from me using her hidden state invisibly after I tried to talk to her she telling me to leave her bedroom and leave her alone which I obeyed. I didn't know that she would be traumatized by what you said enough to not want to talk to anybody about it."
He shrugged in response to see Arielia clad in her familiar clothes not the brown raggedy clothing he saw her wear previously enter the room with head down ignoring him, his sister and Brianna he noticed staring at her enter the room. He went to sit down in a chair keeping an eye onto Arielia who sat down on a bench. Eric kept staring from sitting on a chair as Arielia who sat on a bench adjusted her form to have feet on it with arms around her legs rocking her body slowly. He frowned as she turned invisible disappearing in her hidden state showing an outline of her form to his shock and reappeared while sitting in her position visibly rocking with her head down. Eric could see her shake her head then she turned invisible. He stiffened still seeing a thin outline of her form in its hidden state. Eric frowned watching the outline get up running towards the doors to the cafeteria which he got up and followed her out of the room. He entered the hallway to see the outline of her form run into her bedroom slamming the door. Eric jogged to her room and opened the door. He looked around and glimpsed the outline sitting behind a plush chair in the corner and walked towards it. Eric removed the chair and squatted putting a hand on Arielia’s shoulder that appeared sitting with legs bent with her head buried in her arms on her knees. He pulled Arielia towards him who looked at him with a sad expression on her face. 
She gasped out “How did you find me, Eric?”
Eric instead of answering Arielia wrapped his arms around his sister hugging her form as she continued speaking “You’re going to have to tell me one of these days, Eric.” 
He rubbed her head with a gloved hand as she leaned against him. Eric sighed feeling Arielia snuggle held in his arms. He adjusted his legs to sit while moving Arielia onto his lap. Eric looked at her face seeing dark circles under her eyes from the lack of sleep as she closed them while yawning. Eric held her as she relaxed falling asleep in his arms. He moved her form and himself till his back was leaning against the wall with Arielia still held on his lap wrapped by his arms. Eric stroked her hair as she lay still asleep. He lifted up one of his gloved hands to stare at it. The hand and his form disappeared then reappeared as Arielia shifted still asleep while on his lap held by him. 
Eric spoke knowing that Arielia wouldn’t hear him “I can turn invisible like you can, Arielia.” 
He kept his hugged hold over Arielia lengthy till he felt himself tired to see Brianna come into the room who seeing him spoke "Put her on the bed and come into our quarters to sleep since your looking like you need it." 
He sighed and picked up Arielia who didn't stir from his manipulations as Brianna removed the blankets to admit his sister onto the bed which he watched as his mate took off Arielia's shoes dropping them onto the floor then placed the blankets on top of her and then turned off the lamp. He saw the room was illuminated by a familiar blue light shining from the wall behind him as Brianna walked up to him taking his hand and took him out of the room shutting the door. Eric felt himself tired went to his quarters after yanking his hand out of Brianna's grip and sensed her following him which he went inside switching clothes to the familiar white pants and grey tank top removing his gloves. 
He got into bed and pulled the blankets up to his chest shutting his eyes to get an image of a male like Emperor Palin but having long black hair wearing tan clothing on his form flashing in his mind repeatedly while saying words he heard "Come to me." 
Eric shifted rolling around in bed as the image continued to persisted repeatedly which he found himself unable to sleep sat up and got out of bed going to the dresser to exchange his clothes. He walked out of the bedroom going to the cafeteria feeling himself still tired as the image flashed in his mind again making him annoyed on getting it. He entered the cafeteria to see Kossman and Brianna notice his arrival appearing to be in whispered talk he getting silence from them as he reached them. 
Eric frowned as Kossman spoke "Excuse me private conversation Eric so leave."
He felt himself annoyed as the image persisted in his mind getting a rage episode clouding up his eyesight of whiteness which he quickly shut his eyes rubbing gloved hands onto his forehead as the image of the male continued to persisted with his familiar words spoken each time. He sighed as the rages left him and he walked away opening his eyes only to get another rage episode making him annoyed as he again shut his eyes. He felt the attack stop by feeling Brianna hugging him to his relief but the speaking image in his mind continued flashing. 
He opened his eyes eyeing Brianna who spoke "You should be in bed resting period."
He opened his mouth to protest only to get his jaw clamped shut by Brianna's hand who added "Go to bed Eric. You haven't slept since you did your vigil for Arielia's return so go do that now." 
He frowned as she released his jaw and took his hand and pulled him out of the cafeteria room into the hallway and led to the bedroom which inside she released his hand and gave him a glare. 
He sighed and exchanged his clothes to his familiar pajamas and left his gloves off due to feeling like not needing them on as if compelled and got into bed finding Brianna putting the blankets up to his chest and kissing him on the forehead forcing his eyes shut with one hand after finished with her kissing him as he felt a prick of pain of a needle hitting his neck jerked open his eyes to see Kossman in view holding a syringe who spoke "This should put him out for good."
Eric snarled a growling noise in response as he felt himself passing out unconscious.

Chapter seven 
Eric growled shaking his head of sleep while feeling the hard floor of a room while lying on his back. He was still wearing his pajamas but his hands were still bare of its gloves. He jerked open his eyes to stare at the fluorescent over head lights of the room he was in. With a growl he stood up looking around the small rectangular room with familiarity. It appeared to be similar to the room he mated with Brianna creating Ricky. His eyes sight clouded up of whiteness as the rages arrived. With a roar he attacked a wall with his fists punching. The whiteness left his eyes sight as he felt a headache as the familiar image flashed in his mind.
The male was speaking words repeatedly “Come to me.”
He roared out some cry while feeling tense, shaking his head as he placed his hands on his head as the image left him. Then he lowered his hands to place them on the tank top material covering his upper body. He gave the tank top a yank tearing it off his form shredding the material which he let drop on the floor. Eric growled as again the image came to his mind. He grabbed his head shaking as the image left him again. Growling he folded his arms staring at the wall in front of him. The image came to his mind again as he with a finger scratched his right arm leaving a gashed scratch line. The image went out of his mind along with the tense feeling. He felt a new unknown feeling arrive to him as he went to the wall and leaned against it. He heard a sound of a door sliding open followed by squeaking sounds of footsteps from behind him. He growled softly and felt a hand touch his shoulder. He spun around with a fist punching only to meet air. Then he stared at his bare hands as a movement caught his eye. He looked up in the direction of the moment and heard a gasp sound as he saw an outline of a person in an invisibly state. Eric growled watching the outline slowly edged towards the open doorway in the room he noticing it. He charged at the movement which his right hand in a fist punched the wall inches from the outline’s head as he growled snapping his fanged teeth. He removed his fist from the wall and turned to his side facing away from the outline. The outline he saw moved fast out of his sight which he spun around giving chase as the outline ran towards the open doorway. He grabbed the outline’s hair and right shoulder with his hands then with great strength swung around throwing the outline towards the wall. The outline he saw hit the wall with a thud as a figure materialized revealing Arielia he recognized. With a growl of anger he charged at Arielia and brought a fist into her face. Arielia he saw slid down towards the floor from the blow on her face appearing to look like she was punched unconscious.
He raised another fist as he heard crackling sounds behind him followed by a male voice speaking “Come to me.”
Eric hesitated as the voice spoke again in a compelling tone “Come to me.”
He lowered his hands and turned around to face the doorway where there was a ball of lightening in it. He felt a headache as his legs of their own violation walked towards the ball of lightening which he reaching it closed his eyes and felt humming vibration as he walked forward plunging into the light feeling himself losing conscious which he came to feeling himself jerking as he lay on the ground that felt like it was thickly soft to him. He felt slimy materials like clothes crumbling from his body falling apart baring him naked. He heard a slamming sound and voices shouting words not understood. Eric jerked open his eyes as he shook his head and sat up looking around the room and he saw movement out of the corners of his eyes. He looked at the movement as he got up from his sitting position. He stared with confusion to see a figure with a female form that had long black hair, brown eyes staring at him intensively while dressed in blue colored drapery like clothing with black shoes on her feet. He felt confusion turned to anger and he charged at the female with hands in fists. Reaching her the female brought her right hand swinging it to his cheek which he stopped his charge putting a clawed hand on his face feeling the sting of the pain. He felt a hand on his arm as he lowered his hand from his face and looked at her as she took of an object wrapped around his wrist which crumbled as she did the same with his other wrist. Eric felt a rage of anger arrive within him and he brought his hand in a fist in a fast motion to the female’s right cheek hitting her there. The female he saw fell to the floor in a limp motion. He heard a sliding sound and sensed a presence as he looked around wildly. 
Eric heard a voice in female tones speak “Eric.” 
He frowned at the name in confusion for it seemed familiar and couldn't place it and saw a figure materialize off his left which he looked to see was a female standing there with hands behind her back. A name Arielia came to his mind as anger over ride his instincts and he charged at the female. Reaching her, he halted his charge as an object held by the female was thrust in front of his face. He stared at the object which showed a face with all black eyes staring back at him. With a growl he threw his hands to push the object but the female moved it out of his hand's shot and again thrust it in his face. He grabbed the object with both hands as the female let go of it. Eric stared at the face in the object with confusion raging through out him. The face seemed familiar like he seen it before but he couldn’t place who. He flinched from a pain prick in his left arm as he dropped the object with a crash. He turned to his left to see the female standing besides him holding a thin cylinder in her right hand. He charged at her as a headache arrived to his head and halted his charge while grabbing his head with his hands. Groaning softly he kneeled on the rugged floor as the female walked away from him to the other female lying down. He felt anger arrive as the female kneeled next to the lying female putting hands on her head. Eric got up to stand and charged at the kneeling female. The lying female to his annoyance grabbed the kneeling female pulling her down as his charge went pass them. He again felt a headache while grabbing his head and fell towards the rugged floor curling up in a ball on his left side. He heard a female voice sounding familiar speaking words not understood and he closed his eyes burying his face in his arms as the headache pain persisted. Eric felt a hand on his right arm gripping it and the arm was lifted up as he felt a pain prick in his arm. He didn’t flinch from the pain but once the hand let go of his arm he jerked it back to his face as sleepiness arrived. He heard the same female voice speaking words not understood as a name Brianna came to his mind as he fell unconscious which he woke up lying on his back. He looked around the room he was in that he saw was padded all around that seemed familiar. He shook his head frowning and looked around as he got up. He felt tears on his face leaking from his eyes and wiped his them. He saw black moisture on his clawed hands as the tears continued. He wiped his face with hands and on his front, until there was no moisture felt from his eyes. Clothes he discovered on him which were white pants, a grey like tank top stained with black like moisture from his wiping and nothing on his feet that confused him for a moment. Frowning, Eric looked around and saw a window that was the color black above him. He folded his arms staring at the window which slid open and a female peered out looking at him with a concerned look on her face. The female he saw had black hair and golden eyes with a tanned skin while wearing blue clothing. 
Eric sighed recognizing his sister and spoke loudly “Ionela.”
Ionela he saw had a look of relief on her face as she spoke “Eric?”
He answered recognizing the Eric name as his name “Yes, it’s me, Eric.” 
He looked down to see a part of the pad opened like a door and a figure, a woman stepped in the room. The woman he saw had black hair with brown eyes and was wearing a blue dress with flat black shoes on her feet which she took off after entering the room. Eric stared at her with recognition on his face remembering her as Brianna as she walked towards him barefoot. He could see that there was a bruise on her cheek. 
As she reached him, he grabbed her in a hug as her arms went around him, he moaned out “Brianna.”
Eric heard Brianna sighed with his arms around her in their familiar embrace. With a sigh Eric rubbed his knuckle on her bruised face gently. 
He spoke “I’m sorry, Brianna.”
Then he leaned towards her face kissing her on the forehead and whispered as his lips was inches from hers “May I?”
Brianna spoke “I’m tied, remember.” 
Eric nodded his head and said “Yes I know but may I?”
Her response was to release her hold around his waist and pulled his head closer as she kissed him on the lips. They barely heard the window above slid shut as Eric gently helped her took off her dress. 
Eric laid his head on hers and pulled off his stained tank top revealing his muscular chest while hearing Brianna spoke “I missed you.” 
Eric’s response was to kiss her on the lips and broke off the kiss speaking as Brianna pulled off her underwear showing her nakedness “Brianna, I missed you too.” 
Eric pulled off his pants showing his self for her to see. Sigh some more sounds, Eric pulled her towards him as he slowly lowered Brianna towards the padded floor. 
He heard Brianna sighed out as his lips met hers again and his arms went around her as he settled on top of her “Eric.”
Eric put his clawed hands under her back with the palms on the padded floor as she put her hands on his cheeks rubbing. Eric tightened his hold around her as he entered her, his claws flexing in the padded floor under her back. He felt Brianna’s response was to wrap her legs around his backend on his seat gripping him tightly as she moved meeting each of his thrusts. He gasped feeling himself spill inside her as Brianna shook from the mating he figured was her own reaction from the ritual he had due to him repeatedly gasping. With a sigh he felt her release her hold on his waist with her legs and he pulled out of her to lie on his side. He gripped her close to him in a hug. 
He heard Brianna speak “The children have grown a bit. They keep asking for you since the day you left.”
Eric groaned loudly as Brianna released herself from his hold and sat up. 
He lay on his back as she continued speaking “Henry is outside keeping the children from coming in. Ricky and Cassie are anxious to see you.”
He exhaled air and got up from the padded floor grabbing his clothes which he put on as Brianna got up grabbing her clothes which she put on. He went to Brianna and placed his hands on her arms gently rubbing up and down the length of them with his hands. He heard her sigh loudly as he let go of her arms and went to the small window in the pads and rapped his fist on it. Eric could sense movement from peering out the window. He backed up as the door opened showing a male with short blond hair wearing a blue jumpsuit he assumed was Henry who was standing outside with a frown seen visibly on his face. Eric left the room followed by Brianna. He sensed movement rapidly coming towards him out of the corners of his eyes and looked to see two youngsters he figured were Ricky and Cassie running towards him with smiley looks on their faces. He kneeled opening his arms as Ricky and Cassie reached him. He wrapped an arm around each child as their arms went around his neck grabbing him in a tight hold. 
Eric sighed as he heard Ricky he assumed speak sounding male “Dad” and Cassie he assumed speak sounding feminine “Daddy.”
Eric sighed again finding himself back with his children as he stood up finding the top of Ricky's head he assumed was Ricky with short black hair was even with his waist line of his pants while Cassie he assumed was her was still shorter than her brother. 
He frowned to speak towards Brianna "How long was I gone actually?"
He eyed her as she spoke "Too long according to the children. I'll tell you later so come along while I get you to the cafeteria. You must be hungry anyway." 
He wordlessly didn't comment a response as his children gripped his hands Ricky having cloth covering his hand on from the feel and wordlessly followed Brianna a route to the cafeteria to find two children looking similar aged as Ricky and Cassie both looking like a male and female judging by the hair lengths twin to Ricky and Cassie he finding he couldn't place who they were seated on the pad with three adults a male he recognized as Henry, and two females he recognized as Ionela and Arielia in vicinity in the room. He sighed as Arielia walked up to him and gave him a hug he accepting without protest then she released him to give him a small smile as he was guided to a table by his children pulling on his hands which he sat down in a chair and waited as Brianna presented him with nourishment which he ravenously ate and drank finding himself terribly hungry. 
Eric during eating as Brianna sat next to him in a chair spoke "If you want more food get it yourself Eric." 
He frowned hearing that from Brianna finished his food and drink finding himself still hungry looked around the room with confusion running through him finding nothing came to his mind on where to get the food and drink. 
He saw Brianna he eyed give him a scrutiny look followed by her speaking "Don't you remember what happened to you to wind up in that padded room?"
Eric spoke finding no memory came to his mind "I don't remember nor do I remember how to get the food and drink you presented me." 
He heard Brianna add loudly "Ricky and Cassie go play while I have a private talk with your father. It's not for children like you to hear." 
Eric heard groaning noises from his children who obeyed groans becoming fainter and fainter as he continued to eye Brianna who spoke "Let me jog your memory. You appeared in the rugged room wearing black clothing on your form that slipped off showing nothing on your form along with having all black eyes. You appeared to not recognize me despite acting threatening towards me along with punching me in the face. Arielia admits that she came upon an idea of showing your face in some mirror and thought that the scene of seeing you having a scar scratch on your arm was that you were suffering from your own poison hence she attempting to inject you with the antidote you resisting. I managed to get that into you along with Henry's help on getting you into the padded room and clothes put on your form. Henry refused to let me be in the room while you were in there asleep still displaying that all black eyed look. He let me in once you were awake and your eyes turned back to normal golden Human like despite he saying that your eyes were leaking some blackness you were seen wiping onto your tank top. Remember anything involving that?"
Eric frowned finding nothing came to mind spoke "I don't remember most of what your talking Brianna. All I remember is waking up in the padded room having leaking eyes which I wiped on my top appearing to look like some black color to me. Anyway how long was I gone? It couldn't have been too lengthy judging by how the kids acted excited to see me." 
He eyed Brianna who frowned then spoke "Ricky, Cassie, Harry and Anna fell asleep on the padded floor during one of their nap times three days after you were declared missing by Kossman not finding you anywhere on the ship."
He frowned finding himself not recognizing the names of Kossman, Harry or Anna as Brianna kept talking "The children wound up having some mysterious growth spurt that made them grow to their size they are now while asleep which they woke up and acted like nothing happened to them by resuming on playing with the toys. The children when questioned no matter how much wording was used have seemed very confused on what happened to them and haven't given us a very clear answer on what's going on with them growing like that."
He formed a frown on his face as Brianna paused to clear her throat then continued talking "I assure you that growth involving Hybrids' children is twin to the growth of Human children period. I know this because I'm a Hybrid myself and my growth was twin to that according to the doctors whenever I questioned them heavily about the growth of Ricky and Cassie while they were babies who reminded me of my growth status as a Hybrid myself."
Eric frowned hearing that as Brianna added towards him "Eric go to our bedroom and get some clothes exchanged." 
He remained sitting as Brianna got up finding no location of where the bedroom was to his mind which he spoke as she stared at him with a glare "I don't remember where the bedroom is as its called." 
Eric got up staring at Brianna who again kept the glare he looking at her with pleading on his face due to figuring out that she wasn't believing him on his not remembering. 
He continued talking "I don't remember anything happening to me other than remembering of waking up from the padded room. I can't remember where our bedroom is or what this place I'm in actually is or where to get nourishment either."
He kept the pleading on his face while staring at Brianna who formed a big frown on her face instead of glaring at him who took his hand and led him out of the room into the hallway to a doorway which she pulled him inside and slammed the door behind them. He looked around the room as she freed his hand and gave him a scrutiny look while speaking "Remember anything around here?"
Eric looked around the room finding nothing came to his mind on what the objects and items he was seeing along with noticing another doorway in the wall. 
He spoke "Brianna something happened to my memories to wipe them out. I can't remember anything in here. I can identify you, Ionela, Henry and Arielia but for our children and the other two children I saw in the room I didn't recognize them at first when I laid eyes onto them due to not remembering who they are."
Eric heard a Hmph sound from Brianna as he paused and got her teaching him on what the room was a bedroom for him to sleep along with the items related to it including getting him to exchange his clothes he finding himself frustrated on not remembering how to put the clothes on despite able to take off his top and pants she taking the tank and going into the doorway while hearing some unfamiliar noises. He had naked gone to the doorway to find her standing in front of something reflecting her appearance running his tank top in something he peered over her shoulder to find her ordering him out in some angry voice tone which he obeyed to stand in the middle of the bedroom eyeing the doorway still hearing the noises she made with the door open till she came out seeing him naked got a hold of his actual clothes and got him into them despite him having no memory of that and forced him to sit in the armchair while telling him that she wanted him to stay there period which he obeyed.

Chapter eight
Eric sat in his sleeping quarters he assumed it was called sitting in the armchair he recalling Brianna telling him what it was with his gloved hands on his head groaning.
He heard Brianna walk in the room speaking “Eric?”
Eric blurted to his shock “My mother and father, what happened to them?” 
He groaned feeling himself shocked with his words and felt confusion hitting him of it as he felt Brianna rub a hand on his head and felt her put a hand on his hands as she spoke “Come with me, something I want to show you.” 
Eric groaned as he followed Brianna out of the room down the hallway to the stairs he eyeing the door to the hallway to pay attention to the symbol on it. Eric sigh some sound as he and Brianna walked down the sets of stairs passing doors having symbols on them he finding himself unable to read them or recognizing them. They reached the last set of stairs that led to a door with a small hand print device monitor Brianna labeled it verbally once they reached it next to it. Eric stood as Brianna pressed a hand on the monitor and the door slid open showing a dimly lit low wide hallway to Eric seemed to go on forever in front of him. He looked at Brianna questioningly who took his hand and pulled him into the hallway. The door slid shut behind him. He could see on both sides large round monitors he assumed were they that were silent in the walls on both sides. Eric frowned as Brianna led towards a beeping monitor on his left side and pressed a button on it. The monitor beeped some humming sound as it went sliding forward revealing a large see through like tube that kept on coming with a figure lying inside. Eric stiffened seeing the figure was a man with red orange hair with facial hair covering his face that lay with eyes closed dead to the world while wearing clothes he figured was a jumpsuit. 
He heard Brianna speak “This is your father.” 
Eric stared at the man as he asked “Who is he? Why do I not recognize him? Could we bring him out of this?”
Brianna spoke “Eric, your father is dead as for you not recognizing him, don’t worry you’ll remember.” 
Eric groaned hearing Brianna’s words. He sighed as she pressed a button and the tube went back into the wall. Eric watched Brianna cross the hallway and pressed a button on another monitor that opened showing another large twin like tube. He walked forwards to stare at the figure a female with long red orange hair wearing a jumpsuit lying in the tube as Brianna stared at him. 
Eric groaned out as a name came to his mind identifying her as Lana his sister which he spoke out loud “Lana, my sister.”
Brianna spoke “Yes.”
He felt Brianna put a hand on his arm and looked at her as she spoke “Your father told me how to bring her out of this sleeping status she's in.”
Brianna he saw paused to pull out a small tubal object from her pocket as she continued speaking “Your bare hand has to touch the monitor on the wall next to it to open the tube. Then inject her in the arm with this needle syringe of its contents entirely and she’ll wake up.” 
Eric stared at the syringe in her hand with recognition realizing that it involved his poisonous hands. He backed away from the tube as she stared at him still holding the syringe. 
Brianna spoke “Eric?”
Eric saw her face displaying confusion as he spoke “No, no.” 
He groaned grabbing his head with his gloved hands as a memory arrived in his mind. In the memory he was in a black walled room staring at Lana with the others around him. She was hugging him and she let go of him as he brought a bare hand to her shoulder. Some instinct feeling of anger took control of him and he angrily swiped Lana on the side of her neck with his poisonous clawed hand. She flinched grabbing her neck and fell towards the floor fainting in front of him. He barely heard the words of shouting from around him and above and felt a pricking pain in his back as something made him fall asleep. 

Eric shook his head of the memory and lowered his hands staring at them to recall fully that they gave off poison involved with scratching people's skin. 
Eric spoke with Brianna staring at him with confusion on her face “I can’t do this.” 
He took off for the doorway entrance to the hallway which opened in front of him and he ran up the stairs running till he was gasping for air despite hearing a faint whooshing sound. Eric sat on the steps grabbing his head as he let the tears fall from his eyes. 
He groaned out “Oh Lana. I can’t face you for what I did to you.” 
He exhaled a breath and got up going to look around finding himself not within vicinity of the doors that led to his hallway despite paying attention to the symbols on it after Brianna got him onto the stairwell. He frowned eyeing the door and went downstairs eyeing doors till the last door to the familiar room and stairwell end arrived. Groaning he turned around and walked up paying attention to doors till the desired labeled door came into view which he sighed and walked into the hallway going to his bedroom to find it contained two beds one above it which he frowned staring at them to figure that he was in the wrong room walked out to peer at the doors having doorways open which he peered into them finding another having beds like the original bedroom he went inside and continued to peer till he found Brianna seated inside one of them in an armchair looking annoyed to see him. 
Eric didn't say a word walked inside the bedroom shutting the door only to hear from Brianna "Go away and leave me in peace Eric now."
He opened the door in response only to froze as a memory of kneeling in front of a pointed eared male having black hair and smallness Human brown eyes his mind told him was part of the Highlander species actually all mind walkers who he stiffened from shock remembering the male mind wiping his memories from his mind with his mind walking mental powers making him forgetful. He gave off a growling sound in response loudly to that memory as he got another memory of a Highlander with long blond hair his mind identified him as Emperor Palin looking at him intensively while feeling a headache come to his head in the memory he figuring out that the Highlander had scanned his mind and was the one responsible for sickening a Highlander onto him to mind wipe his memories. 
Eric stepped from the door hearing Brianna's voice loudly behind him "Eric I said get out now! I don't care if your angry from me treating you rudely! I'm furious with you on your balking on freeing Lana despite you showing some rude unacceptable angry behavior towards her as in poisoning her with your clawed hands!"
He turned to face Brianna to speak in an angry voice tone "I know who's responsible for mind wiping me I remember now."
He saw Brianna give him a glaring angry look as he spoke "It's some Highlander named Emperor Palin who ordered another member of his species to mind wipe me using some mind walking power."
Eric got from Brianna getting up speaking sounding angry "Get out with your tall tale joke excuse and leave now!"
He spoke "I'm telling the truth! I'm not lying! I want Emperor Palin dead and will do what it takes to achieve that for what he did to me!"
He paused to glare at Brianna who in response walked up towards him and slapped him on the face he grimacing from the blow and without another word walked out of the room hearing her speaking loudly "Ricky leave me alone I'm furiously angry at the moment so excuse me."
Eric groaned softly feeling his mood bad and without a word stomped to the armchair to sit in it leaning back seemingly lengthy after throwing off his gloves onto the floor. He left himself to his thoughts as he heard a loud groan sound coming from the hallway from his position of sitting in the bedroom chair with his gloves off. He came out of the doorway after picking up his gloves pocketing them to see Ricky standing over a lying figure in a male form with pointed ears and blond hair which he recognized was the species Highlander. A scratch mark was on the Highlander’s right cheek. 
He ran towards them and kneel speaking “Ricky, the antidote.”
The Highlander on the floor grabbed him by the shirt yelling “No antidote, I’ll be with her again!”
Eric stared at the Highlander who let go of him groaning he recognizing him as Emperor Palin. 
He heard Ricky speak “I heard you say that you wanted Emperor Palin dead and I did what you wanted.”  
He growled hearing the name Emperor Palin and spoke “Ricky, go to the cafeteria while I handle him.” 
Ricky he saw ran and entered the cafeteria doors as he watched him leave. Then he turn his head towards Palin he assumed was the male and with a finger violently scratched the Emperor on the right cheek above Ricky's scratch mark who groaned loudly before closing his eyes and laying still. 
Eric stood up speaking “Manipulator and deceiver.”
He grabbed Palin by the neck lifting him up sensing the male too poisoned to give up resistance and proceeded to drag the Highlander down the hallway towards the double doors that led to the stairs which he walking a maze of stairwells and hallways and reached another set of double doors which he kicked open entering a hallway from memory of where to go in. 
He stared at a door on his left with the words scrawled on it in writing he recognizing the wording “Reserved for Emperor Executioner.”
Eric thrusts open the door and entered the room where a stone slab lay. He placed Palin on the floor and with great strength lifted up part of the heavy stone slab which swung open on hinges revealing its hollowness. Eric grabbed Palin’s form and placed him in the hollow of the stone slab and slammed the stone cover back over the Emperor. 
Eric straightened up and spoke out loud staring at the stone slab with anger in his voice “You, Highlanders will pay for what you did to me. You manipulated and deceived me into mind wiping my memories something I will not forget until you’re all destroyed. Believe me, you’ll pay.”
Eric shook his head and he gave the stone slab a glare and left the room running. He ran till he reached the hallway that led to the Hybrids’ cafeteria and went to a picture frame on the wall as a memory of it flashed in his mind. Eric yanked it moving it off the wall revealing eight square monitor screens with switches on them with a console sitting underneath them.
He fiddled with one of the monitor screens staring at it and spoke out loud still in an angry tone “Ricky will be found responsible for your death if they find your body. Who would be stupid enough to hurt a child for that death?”
Eric paused as one of the monitors showed an overhead view of Ricky scratching a kneeling Palin on cheek. He pressed a series of buttons, the monitor went blank as a device came out of an opening in the console and he yanked it out staring at it. Eric looked at the monitor and pressed a button as the monitor showed an overhead view of him scratching Palin on the face. 
Eric narrowed his eyes then pressed a button, underneath it was the word “Delete.”
He stared at the monitor which went black as red words appeared on the screen “Recording deleted.” 
Eric put the device in his pocket and placed the picture back over the monitors and console. 
Then he closed his eyes and sighed loudly while speaking out loud in a calm tone “At least they won’t find out, I’ll see to it.” 
He opened his eyes and pulled out the device from his pocket and continued “They’ll see what I want them to see and will believe this proof in my hand.”
He walked away from the picture frame and entered the cafeteria doors slamming behind him. Eric stared at the Hybrids, adults talking among each other that didn’t look up as he entered the room. He looked at the children sitting in the corner playing away with the toys and smiled a small smile. 
He thought to himself “A pity, life won’t be the same again.” 
Eric walked up to Brianna to see Ricky get up going towards him in a fast move and speaking loudly "What did you do to Emperor Palin after I scratched him?"
He saw Brianna looking his direction with eyes narrowing in a glare as if overhearing Ricky's words which he spoke loudly "I deposed Emperor Palin's body some place on the ship for others to find him due to him dead from you poisoning him Ricky." 
Eric got a gasp sound from Ricky who looked upset but he went to his son and hugged him in response and spoke "Don't worry I'll see that nothing happens to you for that death I oath on that so go play." 
He eyed Ricky going to play to find Ionela and Arielia walking up to him both having glares on their faces which Ionela spoke "Show me where you deposed this Emperor Palin's body now." 
He heard the firmness of her voice tone walked out of the cafeteria with his sisters sensed following and pulled out the device while speaking "I have the incident on here." 
Eric didn't say a word as Ionela yanked the device from his hand and appeared to fiddle with it as a projector image of Ricky meeting Emperor Palin in the hallway flashed along with the male Highlander introducing himself as Emperor Palin after kneeling and Ricky scratching him on the cheek with a freed from mitten hand finger who slid to the ground groaning loudly which he saw himself come into view speaking his familiar words only to get the male refusing loudly and saying that he'll be with a female again. He saw himself ordering Ricky away and saw the tape ended to his satisfaction which he eyed Ionela in response who spoke after thrusting the device towards Arielia "Show us where you deposed Emperor Palin now."
Eric obeyed getting them to the hallway to froze hearing voices sounding foreign coming from beyond the doors of the hallway which he peered through the windows of them seeing humanoids gathered around inside appearing to be inspecting the location of where he hid Emperor Palin. 
He heard Ionela whisper loudly "Appears the restless natives of this city found him already."
Eric spoke in a soft whisper “I think it’s about time we showed ourselves, Ionela.” 
He eyed Arielia in response seeing that she appeared to have gotten their talk by lip reading to nod her head in response which he yanked open the doors banging them behind them loudly getting the manoids he saw recognizing one as Aiden but unsure of his species importance along with others having similar eared looks but different skin color and eyes looks seeing him and his sisters. 
He eyed the Highlander warily to feel a compulsion of talking which he obeyed blurting "I was once Claws and the proof of that is the marking behind my back." 
He heard Aiden he assumed speaking gibberish as he turned around and from memory showed the fist mark on his back by raising his shirt then resumed turning around facing them. 
He saw Arielia kick over the tape of Ricky assumed poisoning Emperor Palin as Aiden spoke after hearing gibberish from the dark skinned Highlander twin species speaking "Says have we of the Shadonia been bothering you while we live here as our Ambassadorial headquarters?"
He spoke while hearing Aiden speaking gibberish "No but we have children here who we value strongly we will react with deadly force if any harm fells onto them excuse us while we leave." 
Eric walked away followed by Ionela and Arielia to hear nothing from his sisters as he led the way to the cafeteria going inside to meet Brianna looking at him questioningly. 
He heard from Ionela "The city as Arielia told me from her explorations of seeing it from leaving the ship where it's docked has a name and it's called Atlanta in the continent island nation of Americania ruled by a person holding the title of President."
Eric frowned finding himself not surprised by Ionela's talk she continuing to talk mentioning various known manoid species living in Atlanta among Humans he recognizing them by their names and figuring out what they looked like as his sister kept on detailing how the city runs its business he easily recalling what she was talking about to his shock. 

Chapter nine
Eric sat in the cafeteria seeing Brianna having a whispered talk with Ionela while Arielia was sitting on a bench near the children. He saw the doors banged open showing Aiden who paused from walking to speak an ahem sound loudly getting silence in the room along with multiple gasping sounds he hearing. 
Eric frowned to get up going to Aiden to stand staring at the Drainer who spoke "The Shadonia's Ambassador assigned to the position wants to meet you and requests me to bring you to him if you don't mind that." 
He spoke loudly "I don't mind so lead me and I'll follow." 
He wordlessly follow Aiden taking a route to the outer deck to the gangplank he seeing the Drainer passed it to enter a doorway speaking gibberish loudly which he saw a Shadonian seated at a desk get up after he entered the room and saw the male was accompanied by two Shadonian males looking like twins by their uniforms and hair styled including long guns with open shaped flower firing ends peeking out from the tops of their heads. 
He eyed the Ambassador who spoke gibberish to find Aiden speaking "Says I'm Ambassador Nalon who's main responsibility to see that the Shadonia my species' name follow the rules of the land of Americania while living in the nation's capital city of Atlanta is where this water ship as it is docked at the moment." 
Eric frowned finding himself not surprised by the Ambassador's location talk as one of his guards spoke gibberish and found the Shadonia answering them back before speaking towards Aiden some gibberish talk which the Drainer answered back before turning to look at him and speaking in his language "Emperor Palin in case you don't know is named Emperor Pavel Palin ruler of this water based nation of Oceana a great distance away from Americania in the ocean."
He wordlessly kept his mouth shut due to not finding himself surprised by Aiden's talk as the Drainer continued talking about the Emperor seen as some figure to be feared due to his ruler ship position among Oceanans and other nations which Americania have been the only nation to trash him and doing what it takes to spite him by nicknaming him Emperor Executioner verbalized in the face of people even Oceanans' face who reported that insult to the Emperor's guardian force called Kaddar led by a Highlander dubbed by the name of Tikcanni. He felt himself not surprised by Aiden's talk as one the Ambassador's guards interrupted loudly speaking gibberish followed by the Ambassador speaking in some annoyed voice tone in gibberish which he frowned as Aiden thrust him aside from the doorway's vicinity which he saw the familiar Highlander Tikcanni escorted by four guards two Aquarians and two Highlanders. 
Eric stood with arms folded as Aiden translated Tikcanni's words to him "Says I have to arrest this offspring dubbed Ricky for the murder of Emperor Pavel Palin just to see that punishment is carried out. My people will be very demanding on the punishment once word gets out on who actually killed him despite them fingering the Shadonia species at the moment."
Eric spoke words translated by Aiden due to realizing what the Drainer's job was despite known to suck blood from manoids "I take responsibility for the death of Emperor Pavel Palin. The offspring Ricky you mention is my own offspring in question which I take the punishment in his stead I insist." 
He didn't comment as Aiden spoke Tikcanni's words "I'm afraid I'll have to bring you to our headquarters for processing this crime in our records and you taking responsibility be known so the public won't target your offspring in question excuse me handcuff him." 
He frowned as two Kaddar both Aquarians stepped forwards one holding a pair of handcuffs and he didn't comment a response as Aiden was heard speaking gibberish to hear Tikcanni speaking in gibberish as he was handcuffed by the Aquarians and didn't protest as they gripped his arms in response. He eyed Tikcanni who without another word left the room followed by his Highlander guards to find the Aquarian guards pushing him to walk which he obeyed walking out to the gangplank walking towards a boxy vehicle. He saw coming out of the vehicle was a tall man dressed in black pants wrapped around his feet and ankles along with a breast plate armor like vest and manacles on his wrists with a black face showing golden orbs where the eyes were. Eric recognized the male as Hades who was escorted by several Humans coming out of the vehicle. Eric gave Hades a narrowed eyed glare as he was escorted into the vehicle who appeared to not noticed him glaring in response.

Chapter ten
In the cell of Oceana's headquarters, Eric stood pacing with his gloved hands on his sides. He frowned at the familiarity of the cell he was in. Instead of pads it had smooth hard lined brick walls with benches surrounding three of the walls and there was a black window above him with familiar recorder domes in the ceiling above mounted watching him through recording screens he assumed. There also was a door to the cell that appeared to be made out of brown substance to Eric who growled some sound as he paced frowning of the events that led to him here. 
He recalling himself killing Emperor Palin by finger scratching the Highlander's cheek and mentally thought to himself "Brianna you better have thought of something to get me out of here along with Ricky out of suffering punishment."
With another growl, Eric paced then folded his arms, then unfolded them. He growled some more huffing in breaths taking off his gloves and put them in his back pockets. They were feeling confining to him as Eric paced which with a roar he grabbed the black bench yanking it from the place finding its hold in the wall easily giving away which he brought it down on his raised knee breaking it in half. He felt the rages hit him abruptly clouding up his eyesight of whiteness which he charged towards the walls clawing them with his clawed hands seemingly lengthy till the rages went away and felt a familiar headache of his mind scanned he assumed and frowned figuring to himself that the Highlanders were scanning him from peering through the black window he eyed finding his bad mood leaving him abruptly as he sighed and went to sit down on a bench seemingly lengthy till the door to the cell opened and he was gestured to get out by a Highlander guard pointing a finger aimed at him and pointing at the doorway. He obeyed finding an Aquarian leading the way to the lobby where he found Brianna to his relief seated in a chair holding the hands of Cassie and Ricky near her and spotted an Aquarian female with red curly hair he recognized from memory of her being the female heir of Emperor Palin dubbed Crown Princess Anastia Palina Borsova by natives he overheard as Claws he figuring out how he found out. 
Eric went to Brianna who got up hugging him and spoke to him "Empress Palina Borsova has oath that she won't harm Ricky for what he did to her father so everything is taken care of now."
Eric felt himself relieved to hear that from Brianna as he mentally spoke to himself feeling the headache of his mind scanned had stopped abruptly soon after he left the cell "Ah payback I got it yes." 

Chapter eleven
Eric in his room recalled that the Empress got him and his family a ride to the water ship he taking a scrutiny look at it as they got out of the vehicle and went up the gangplank due to curiosity hitting him strongly. He found himself not impressed with the ship and its looks but disgusted as he got inside and reached the hallway leading to his bedroom which he eyed Brianna going inside the cafeteria escorting Ricky and Cassie inside with her. He went to his bedroom shared with Brianna to sit in an armchair seemingly letting his thoughts wander. He heard a loud growling sound from the hallway he recognizing the noises as his son growling and walked out of the room to see Ricky facing Hades. 
He spoke “Ricky, come here.”
Eric stared at his son’s back who was staring at Hades and spoke again “Ricky, please come here.” 
Hades he saw put a hand to his face and made a sliding motion on his face showing in its place was golden Human eyes and a Human like face. Eric saw his son stiffened and stare at Hades with shock. 
Eric ordered “Eric Junior!”
Hades, Eric noticed gave him a narrowed eyed look as Ricky ran towards him. Eric nodded his head and Hades walked by the two as Eric kneeled in front of his son Ricky holding him.
“Ricky” Eric said as he held his son in a hug “I need you to help me.” 
He heard a door open saw his daughter came out with Brianna and held out a gloved hand towards Cassie who ran to him. 
Eric held his two children with both arms while speaking “Do you know that it’s wrong to hurt people and things even when angry?”
He let go of his children to look at them who nodded their heads. 
Eric added “Do you know why I have to yell?”
His children looked at each other and then looked at him with a questioning look on their faces. 
Eric spoke “I yell because I’m angry and yelling helps that I don’t hurt anyone doing this.” 
Eric could see understanding dawn on his children’s faces who nodded their heads. Eric sighed and wrapped his arms around his children who cuddled with his head. 
He released them and spoke "Go to the cafeteria now."
Eric stood up watching his children leave entering the cafeteria as Brianna hugged him which he sighed from that and saw her leave entering the cafeteria behind the children which he recalled a sitting room thrusting his fist into the wall of the hallway due to feeling rages hitting him abruptly. He felt the rages left and went to the sitting room still feeling angry as he again got the rages while inside. He shut his eyes willing himself to calm down finding his eyesight clearing up but his angry mood was still there as he looked around the room with anger running through him which he yanked off his gloves pocketing them. Eric growled breaking a table in several pieces with his hands fisted punching it. He had yanked off his gloves off flexing his clawed hands. He angrily looked around the room which was a small sitting room with a set of chairs and picture frames in the walls. 
Growling he heard a sound saying “Dad?”
Near the open doorway was Ricky who stood there. Eric charged towards him with clawed hands growling loudly. 
Ricky spoke again “Dad?”
Eric halted in his charge putting his hands on his head roaring out “Ricky, leave me now!”
He barely saw Brianna run in the room grabbing Ricky and pull him out of the room closing the door behind her. Eric roared some sound as he let the anger erupt from inside him. He ran around the room wildly attacking things and tearing them apart with his clawed hands. Eric angrily picked up a chair and threw it then attacked the chair tearing it apart at the seams. He roared as the rages arrived while charging at the door banging and pulling on it then threw his fist which went through the door. Eric took his fist out grabbing the door which bent under his great strength and yanked it out of the doorway. He broke the door in half with a fist and stormed out of the room as he saw dark blue movement of figures in his eyes sight. Eric charged at the movement with his fist connecting with a body. He looked to see another movement running away with a fast pace as a blue figure stepped in front of him speaking words. Eric charged at the figure grabbing sides by the arms and lifted the figure up. Eric’s eyes sight cleared up as he stared with shock recognizing the figure was Brianna and lowered her down as he fell towards his knees wrapping his arms around her. 
“Brianna” Eric groaned out in pleading tones “Help me!”
Eric with tears running down his face looked up at her face looking at him as he kept his arms around her. 
He continued pleading “Brianna, please help me!”
Eric felt her rub her hands on his head as he spoke “I’m trying but I can’t control the anger for it’s a battle I’m losing.” 
He felt her continue to rub his head as he buried his face on her weeping out “I can’t control the anger, I can’t.”
Eric moaned out “Brianna, please help me.” 
He felt a hand on his back and heard Henry speaking “It’s alright, Eric, we’ll get help to you.” 
Eric groaned some sound as he clung to her still weeping which he didn't protest as she brought him to their bedroom and ordered him to change his clothes into the tank top and pants which he obeyed figuring that she was ordering him to sleep. He found as anger again billowed through him making him grimace fully as she took him out of the room and pulled him into the ship to a familiar rugged room then into a familiar padded room and forced him to lie down on her shoulder with her arms around him seemingly lengthy till Tikcanni he saw arrived with the Drainer Aiden. 
He felt his mind scanned and refrained from thinking of anything till Aiden spoke after hearing Tikcanni speaking gibberish "Says he's suffering from blocked out memories that are coming to his mind fueling his angry state something that is common among people having such memory blocks." 
He didn't comment a response as a Monarch wearing medical scrubs came into the room and proceeded to put devices on his form and then left the room with Tikcanni and Drainer following.

Chapter twelve
Eric growled in the padded room held in tightly in Brianna’s arms with devices attached to him. He was wearing a grey tank top and white pants with devices on his bare arms including his chest under the tank top. He lay on Brianna’s shoulder with her holding him and felt her stroked his cheeks with devices wrapped around his head. Eric kept his eyes closed and then opened them as anger came. 
He shook wildly in her arms and felt her tightened her hold on him while hearing her words “It’s alright, Eric, calm down.” 
Eric felt her grip his shoulders holding him down as he looked around the room with his golden eyes unseeingly flashing anger while waving his arms. His hands were in his usual black gloves and were unclenching and clenching into fists. 
Eric spoke “Brianna, I can’t stand this anymore.” 
He heard Brianna spoke whispering her words “Its ok Eric, don’t worry let the memories come.”
Eric in Brianna’s lap opened his eyes and roared feeling her gripped him in her arms. 
He concentrated on Brianna’s words as she whispered again “It’s alright no one can hurt you here. Stop fighting the memories and let them come.” 
Eric closed his eyes roaring as Brianna held him. 
He heard her whisper as he stopped his roaring while being held in her arms “Eric, whatever memory of torment that happened to you, I hope you’ll be free from the pain.” 
Eric snarled as a memory came to his mind’s eye and roared. In the memory he remembered that he was chained to a chain link fence facing it as pain came to his bare back. Eric in the memory was wearing pants and he realized that he was being whipped as something snaked at his back hard. This was followed by another whipping like pain. Eric struggled against the chains yanking. He was in a standing position and could see underneath the spot light that shined over him was a tall as his height man facing him through the chain fence. The man had short red orange hair with a beard and mustache covering his face which was in a frown line. The blue eyes of the man were unkind and appeared to be intense staring at him with anger. Eric could see nothing behind the man but darkness as the man stared at him. 
As the memory came through Eric, he sensed Brianna holding onto him whispering in his ear “It’s alright, Eric.” 
Eric groaned out “Brianna, I’m remembering being tortured.”
Eric felt Brianna stiffened but she kept her hold onto him by speaking “You’re safe now, no one can harm you here.” 
Eric groaned as the memory played in his mind. 

In the memory Eric asked between spasms of pain from the whipping to the red orange haired man “Why are you doing this?”
The man replied in an angry tone “You killed her.” 
Eric groaned out “Who’s her?
The man jerked his head speaking “Raise the machine level to number fifteen.” 
Eric felt more intense pain on his back as the whipping increased. Eric groaned but kept his eyes on the man. His golden eyes gaze traveled down the man’s clothing which was a blue jumpsuit and he saw a name tag glistening in the dim light. 
The name tag on the man’s chest on the left side read “Andrew Kossman”. 
Eric in the memory remembered that during the whipping, his sister Arielia saying to him and others “’Some guy named Kossman showed me a picture of a couple named Andrew and Anya which he said to be our biological parents.’”
Eric spoke staring at the man with anger in his voice “You’re my father.” 
The man jerked his head in shock and stared at him with a narrowed eyed glare. Eric heard a ringing sound coming from the man who pulled out a device and opened it pressing a button. 
He watched grimacing in pain as the man spoke on the device with it near his left ear “Eric figured out who I am, his father.” 
The man, Andrew, paused then he yelled while pulling the device from his ear “Stop the whipping now, new orders from the One!”
The whipping stopped and Eric sagged in relief leaning his head against the fence while staring at Andrew who continued to talk to the device near his ear.
He heard Andrew say “Are you sure about this? He’ll know who you are and might recognize you.” 
This was followed by a pause then Andrew continued “Fine have it your way.” 
Then Andrew yelled “Knock Eric out and put him in one of the viewing rooms now!”
Eric jerked feeling a stinging pain on his back then he fell unconscious. 

Eric groaned as another memory arrived to his mind. In it he was waking up in a wheelchair in a room that was black all around him and there was a door in the wall on his right side. There were lighted bulbs hanging from the ceiling above him. Eric found himself chained attached to the wheelchair and he had on black gloves covering his clawed hands while wearing a blue jumpsuit. His back, he could sense ached from the whipping. On one wall in front of Eric there was a large rectangular device showing an overhead view of him acting angry while in a padded cell. Eric stared with a frown as he heard the door to the room open and a figure stepped in as the door closed behind the figure. Eric glared to see a Human man with grey white hair dressed in black outfit which was pants, a long sleeve black coat like top with a white folded collar who folded his arms. There was a boxy device held in one of the man’s hands.
The man spoke “I see that you don’t know me do you?” 
Eric kept his tongue as the man continued speaking while putting his arms down “I’m called Alexei.” 
Eric saw him point to his left chest where a shiny nameplate was seen with the words “Alexei Zesky.”
Eric snarled some sound as Alexei spoke “I never thought I would see you face to face. I’ve dreamed of this moment from time to time.” 
Eric stared at Alexei with confusion on his face as the man continued speaking “My granddaughter, you saved her life along with others.” 
Eric stared widening his eyes as Alexei walked forward towards Eric and he pointed the boxy device towards the device on the wall. Eric noticing his gesture looked to see the device view had changed. The view showed a young female about Arielia’s age but apparently older, dressed in blue pants with a long blue jacket over it and had long pale blonde hair put up in a tail. She was walking in a grass yard with a brown fence besides her, with a young blonde short haired male also dressed in blue pants with a long black jacket on that was a head taller than her. She raised both hands and made gestures which Eric figured was some sort of hand language. The male walking with her made identical gestures with his hands. Then they both turned towards the recorder view and waved with both hands while smiling.
Eric stared with a frown as Alexei spoke with pride in his voice “My granddaughter and her intended.” 
Eric spoke breaking the silence “Just who are you really?"
He saw Alexei narrow his eyes and pressed a button on the boxy device with his finger. Eric groaned feeling pain coming from the chains attaching him to the wheelchair zapping him. 
Breathing heavily, Eric shut his mouth and stared at Alexei who spoke “That question isn’t important.”
Then Alexei pointed the boxy device in his hand at the device on the wall. The view, Eric saw changed to show a naked young boy, with golden eyes sitting on a bed with wires attached to him by needles sticking in his body. Eric stiffened with shock recognizing himself as the young boy who looked at his right. He could see that there was big boxy device behind the bed where the wires were coming from. The boy was crying tears on his face as he rubbed his eyes with his clawed hands. 
He saw a woman came in the view with short black hair speaking while wearing a blue jumpsuit who sat on the bed holding him “Eric, it’s alright.” 
Alexei spoke as Eric looked at him “The woman is your mother, Anya. Keep watching.” 
Eric looked at the screen to see his younger self stopped crying and began growling at the woman Anya who again spoke “Eric, I said it’s alright and stop that.”
Eric flinched seeing his younger self swipe Anya on the cheek and proceeded to scratch her several times on her face, with his venomous claws out of anger. 
She let go of himself he saw and got up from the bed out of the view shouting “Eric scratched me with his claws!”
The viewer went to face the floor which was all white then the view changed to show Anya lying on a bed, eyes closed with a man, short red orange hair holding one of her hands. She had tubes attached to her arms by needles and there were devices that beeped besides the bed. Eric saw with recognition, was his father, Andrew, who was sitting in a chair and looked up to face the viewer with tears on his face, bare of a mustache and a beard. 
His father spoke with sadness in his voice “Eric, if you’re seeing this when your old enough to understand, look at the damage you’ve done to your mother. She may never live to see you grow up for she’s in a sleep that can’t be wakened.” 
The device went blank as Eric shook feeling the pain zapping him and he groaned loudly while looking at Alexei out of the corners of his eyes. 
Alexei he saw had an intense angry look on his face as he spoke “That’s why you must forever be contained. She later died after this recording was taken. You killed her with your venomous claws. You’re not worthy to be walking free among the population.” 
Eric groaned out “What about my sisters?”
He could see Alexei narrow his eyes as he spoke “They’ll be contained but their freedom is better than yours.”
He pointed the boxy device towards the device on the wall and a view showed an over head shot recording of Arielia escorted by Ionela and Lana. Arielia was walking in a tan wide hallway with pictures on it while gesturing with her hands with Ionela walking next to her, who was appearing to be speaking words towards Lana. They were wearing blue jumpsuits. Eric groaned out in pain feeling himself zapped again. 
Alexei leaned his head next to Eric’s and spoke “You’ll suffer the punishment which is being tormented by the fact that you killed your mother and theirs.” 
Eric’s response was to snarl growling as Alexei pulled out a device out of his pocket from his shirt. He opened the device and pressed a button. 
Eric heard him say “Kossman, come and get your son and knock him out while your at it.” 
The door to the room opened as Andrew arrived carrying a needle cylinder in his hands. With a nod from Alexei, Andrew yanked the collar of Eric’s jumpsuit and jabbed the contents of the cylinder in his neck. Eric growled feeling the contents of the cylinder work making him sleepy till he was unconscious. 

Eric at that moment closed his eyes as another memory came to his mind. He was in an all white room with Arielia who was sliding towards the floor looking like she was punched in the face. He, in the memory raised a fist towards Arielia when he heard a humming sound coming from behind him. Eric turned as in a trance saw a ball of lightening in the doorway of the room. He walked towards the ball reaching it, he closed his eyes plunging into darkness and he opened his eyes to find himself standing on a dirt ground in a forest of trees surrounding him. Behind him and around him were metal arched gates that hummed sounds.
Eric looked around with confusion still in a trance as he heard a male voice speak in a compelling voice “Come to me.”
He followed the voice through the maze of the trees and bushes till he reached a clearing to see people standing there looking at him, while standing in a circle. He saw they had black pants that wrapped around their feet and ankle areas. Their hair was in a multitude of black and blonde colors with their hair pulled back in messy ponytails and they had clawed hands like he. Their faces, Eric could see were Human like with Human like ears and had golden Human like eyes. Eric walked among them till he reached one kneeling on the ground a long blond haired male with a glare on his face and kneeled like in a trance. 
The one kneeling spoke words he understood in a guttural voice “You’ll accept the name of Night Eyes as the assumed Leader of us among the Ters.” 
The kneeling one cocked his blonde haired head as Eric felt his arms lifted up by two of the clawed hand people. Eric saw through the haze as the kneeling one put black chain like manacles on each of his arms at the wrists. Then the kneeling one nodded his head as a figure was escorted forward. Eric could see that the figure was the Highlander from his dream who was wearing some brown smooth clothing, had long black hair and his ears were pointed. 
The Highlander protested in the same compelling voice “No, I won’t do it.”
The kneeling one made a growl like sound and said “You’ll do it mind walker or suffer my wrath.” 
The Highlander made a groaning sound and walked forwards and plopped his hands on Eric’s head staring at him intensively speaking “You’ll be known among the Ters as Claws.”
Eric felt something like he was falling towards the ground and everything went black. He woke up at night time lying on the ground and got up looking seeing himself wearing a black breast plate armor like vest, with black wrap around his ankles and feet pants and stood looking around with a frown. 
He heard a male voice speak “Night Eyes come here.”
Eric followed the male voice till he reached a clearing with metal arches to see the kneeling one was standing facing him. 
The kneeling one, standing spoke “Go in the gate and play.” 
As an image of an angry man with red orange hair appeared in his head waving his fist, Night Eyes nodded his head and walked through a gate.

Eric groaned loudly held against Brianna’s arms. He stiffened sensing another memory come to his mind’s eye. Eric growled as he remembered himself as Claws was walking slowly in the hallway with pipes on the ceiling and all around him on the walls. He could hear water running though the pipes slowly walked till he reached a door with an opening at the top, light shined through it. Claws used the pipes to climb to the opening and peered, inside the room was a man with his back to the door. The man Eric recognized to be his father, Andrew Kossman was sitting at a desk with a lamp on it while writing something while speaking to a small boxy device held in one hand he not hearing the words spoken. Claws quietly slid himself through the opening above the doorway climbing slowly on the pipes. Kossman, he saw paused in his talk and put down the device on the desk he was at and stood up facing the door. Claws swung self hitting Kossman in the chest with his feet who fell with a thud against the desk. 
Kossman groaned as Claws dropped silently down onto the hard floor and charged growling at him who yelled words which Eric understood was “No, Eric! Don’t do this!” 
Reaching Kossman, Eric groaned as he remembered himself as Claws grabbed his father's head and gave it a twist while hearing something inside crack loudly. Kossman’s flailing body went limp giving up to death due to not sensing any life from it. Claws dropped the body onto the ground with a thud and stepped back staring at Kossman’s lifeless eyes. Eric remembered having a smile of satisfaction appeared on his face as Claws then he turned as the door to the room opened. A female wearing a blue dress, Eric, in the memory, recognized to be Brianna stood at the door entering the room with a confused look on her face. 
She spoke when she saw him “Eric?” 
Claws growled charging at the female who flattened herself against the wall next to the door. He heard a humming like sound as a ball of lightening appeared next to the door and halted mid charge. Claws gave the female a narrowed eyed look and then walked through the doorway with the ball of lightening to find himself back in front of a gate with the kneeling one, standing facing him. 
The kneeling one in a standing position spoke “Play time is over, go to the table and rest.” 
The scene went black as he came to finding himself still leaning against Brianna's shoulder with her arms around him holding him tightly. 
Eric opened his eyes and spoke “Brianna?”
He felt Brianna rubbed his cheek with her hand and spoke “Eric? I’m here, it’s alright.” 
Eric spoke in a strained voice tone “Kossman, I ended his life while I was being Claws.”
Brianna’s response was to wrap her arms around his shoulders said “I know.” 
Eric again spoke “Kossman had me whipped on the back.”
Brianna murmured “It’s ok. I know that, Eric.” 
He added “I remember seeing a recording of me at a younger age being angry and upset due to some needle jabbing test done onto me. My mother tried to comfort me but I wound up scratching her on the face with my claws. I was told by this man, Alexei Zesky that she died as a result of my anger.”
Brianna spoke “Eric, Alexei isn’t here to harm you for he left to be with his family.” 
Eric sighed as from his position leaning against her and relaxed as he sensed her looking at his face. With a sigh, Eric pushed himself from her while sitting up. He settled in a kneeling position as Brianna kept her hands on his shoulders as she stared at his face. He looked around the room with a frown as the door to the padded room opened. Eric looked to see Ricky and Cassie came in escorted by Arielia who was holding them by their wrists. Eric held out his arms and Arielia let go of his children who hesitantly walked towards him. His children reached him and he grabbed his son and daughter holding them both in a bear hug with his arms. 
He heard Cassie ask as she rubbed her bare hands through his hair “Daddy you ok?” 
Eric answered “I feel ok.”
Eric heard Ricky speak while stroking his father’s head with a mitten hand “Dad what’s wrong?” 
He looked at his children’s faces who stared back at him as Eric spoke “Nothing just my heart and mind are feeling better.” 
With a sigh he stood up as Brianna took each child in hand following him towards Arielia standing. 
Eric finger spelled with his gloved hands to his sister as he walked towards her “You ok?”
Arielia nodded her head as Eric reached her and gave her a hug with his arms, he felt her hug him back. Then he let go and Eric sighed some more and left the padded room with Arielia, Brianna and children following him. Once out of the room Eric looked to see a male member of the Monarch species having a Humanoid form with two antennas on top of the head and all black beady eyes and familiar cotton like blonde white long hair known to him on Terrania for being medically focused than doing anything else, standing there holding a long arm sized scanner in his hand. He noticed Aiden standing nearby with arms folded watching him. 
The Monarch spoke words translated by Aiden “Says hold out your arms please.” 
Eric obeyed as the Medic waved his arm sized scanner over him. Then the Medic fingered some switches on the device.
Eric watched the Medic speak words said by Aiden “Says your physical well being is good. Your mental health I have to be honest is questionable.”
Eric spoke “I get it” as Aiden repeated his words to the Medic. 
He sighed as the medic got him to remove the devices attached to his form and then he went to Brianna who led the way to his quarters with the children escorting him which inside he saw his mate shut the door locking the children out while telling them to go to the cafeteria. He eyed Brianna who hugged him abruptly before leaving the room which he went to exchange his clothes and figured that he'll stay in the hallway for awhile.

Chapter fourteen
Eric leaned against the wall facing it, head on his hands. 
He heard the cafeteria doors open and heard Ricky's voice speaking “Dad?”
Eric growled some sound and went to face his son while speaking “Ricky, come here.” 
Eric saw his son flinched hearing the angry tone and obeyed as he kneeled to face his son. He grabbed Ricky in a hug as he heard the door to the cafeteria manipulated to see Cassie and Brianna into the hallway. 
Eric ordered “Cassie, come here.” 
Cassie obeyed and both children were in his arms. Eric sensed Brianna laid a hand on his head as his children did the same and he let the tears fall. 
He heard Ricky speak “Dad what’s wrong?”
Eric heard Brianna spoke for him “Nothing just, your father needing to cry ok?”
Cassie spoke “Daddy cries?”
Eric sobbed as Brianna replied “Adults do cry too.” 
He kept his crying not to lengthy due to sensing the children were getting annoyed with him which he stopped his crying to wipe his eyes with his sleeves and eyed Cassie going into the cafeteria as Ricky entered the stairwell he telling Brianna he'll watch for him as she gave him a glare which he went to follow pausing on the stairs losing his son in the process. He recalled his father's death at his hands as Claws which he took a route to the hallway leading into the room where he killed his father with a glare on his face. He went inside and stood looking around and spied the desk. He went to the desk and he pulled the tape recording voice device from a drawer along with pulling out a tape that wasn't labeled he figuring it was blank which he put in the recorder. He looked around the room and sat at the desk with his hands on his head. Moaning some sound of distress he sighed and lowered his hands. He sat at the recorder and pressed a button then began speaking words. Once finished Eric pressed another button and took the tape out of the recorder placing it under the desk in a hidden pocket. Sighing Eric got up and walked out of the room. He turned invisible and stood leaning against the wall as he saw Ricky walk out of the room. With a frown he stood watching Ricky walk pass him entering a doorway that led to stairs. He materialized from his hidden state and went back to the room to look around then he looked up to stare at the pipes in the ceiling.
With a growl he thought to himself “Little bugger was hiding in the pipes. He heard everything I said and will blab it to Brianna. I can’t have them know what I said.” 
He pulled out a blank tape from the drawer and placed it in the recorder turning it on then hid the device. He walked out of the room and went to the stairwell listening. He heard footsteps and turned invisible as Brianna and Ricky walked by him entering the room. He materialized out of his hidden state and stood waiting as Brianna came out of the room with a frown on her face. He kept a blank look on his face as she walked by him going up the stairwell. With a growl Eric walked into the room and pulled out his taped recording from the hiding place underneath the desk as he pulled out a tape from the recording device and put both in his pocket. He put the tape of his words out of the pocket and into the device then sat with a frown on his face. 
Growling some sound he got up and walked looking up staring at the pipes and spoke “Eric Junior, show yourself now.” 
Ricky, he saw crawled from the pipe he was hiding behind and dropped down at his feet. 
Eric spoke “Ricky, don’t let me catch you doing that again.”
He heard Ricky sigh some sound and left the room. Eric pressed a button on the device while speaking words. Then he shut the device off and put the tape in his pocket. Growling some sound he left the room towards the stairwell. Eric walked up only to pause when he heard voices speaking. He stood listening and recognized the voices as Henry and Brianna talking. 
He heard Henry spoke “Brianna, Eric talks to a tape recorder.”
Brianna spoke “Yes I know.” 
Henry replied “I’ll go retrieve the tape and we’ll listen to it.”
Eric jerked his head with anger and with a glare and turned invisible as Henry came walking down to the stairwell doors. He followed Henry who walked towards Kossman’s room and saw him went to the desk putting a hand under it. Eric reappeared from his hidden state slamming the door open wider while pulling out the tape from his pocket. He with a glare on his face could see Henry look to see him with surprise on his face while standing at the doorway and get up to face him.
Eric held up a gloved hand holding the tape and spoke “Looking for this?” 
He walked into the room glaring at Henry who spoke “Eric lets talk man to man.” 
Eric reached around Henry and picked up the tape recorder and put the device in his pockets along with the tape. 
He heard Henry speak “Eric, please.”
Eric grabbed Henry and punched him hard in the face then proceeded to drag him out of the room. He dragged a groaning Henry to the hallway where the cafeteria doors were and banged them open and threw Henry in the room. He saw Ionela and Brianna paused in their talk as Arielia looked up from watching the kids to see him angrily come in the cafeteria. 
Eric spoke “You all will stop prying into my business now.”
Then he stormed from the cafeteria while sensing Brianna following him. He went into his bedroom shared with Brianna and heard her come into the room. 
He growled inwardly while hearing Brianna speak “Eric I’m your mate. Please don’t keep secrets from me.” 
Eric growled out “I’ll tell you when I’m ready but not now.” 
Then he went to the bed yanking off his shoes and sweat shirt top, then laid down and heard her leave the room. He concentrated his hearing and heard her enter the bedroom. He got up and yanked out a tape from his pocket of his pants and placed it in the tape recorder then placed the device on the table. He proceeded to lay down listening to the noises Brianna made in the bathroom and heard her come out. Eric felt the bed move as she got in the bed and felt her pulling the blankets over herself.

In the dim blue light shining through the glass on one of the walls partly illuminating the room, Eric got up from the bed to pace. Brianna lay on the bed covered by thick blankets asleep as he paced. He grabbed the recorder device and tapes then jumped onto the bed landing on Brianna trapping her form underneath the blankets with his legs. 
Brianna woke up with a gasp speaking “Eric?”
Eric turned the device on near her ear. 
He watched her face as she heard her words “Ricky go up there and watch Dad. Tell me Ionela and Henry what was said. I have a surprise for him and need you to watch him ok?”
Eric calmly spoke after he cut off the tape recording to see Brianna's face formed a big frown “Poor Brianna, how well do you know me?”
He clamped a gloved hand over her mouth as she was about to open it to speak. 
He continued “Poor Ari could never figure out how I always can detect her.” 
Eric could see her eyes widen of shock as his form faded in and out like one invisible. He placed the tape recorder on the dresser as he removed his hand leaned forwards with his face near hers and proceeded to kiss Brianna on the mouth then he leaned back watching her. 
Brianna spoke “Eric what’s going on?”
He watched her began to choke gagging as he pulled off one of his gloves, rubbing her cheek with a knuckle of his bare hand. He heard her groan blinking her eyes breathing deeply as the choking stopped. 
Eric spoke as he rubbed her cheek with his knuckle “I have poison in my hands, in my veins. My lips give off poison to whoever I touch by skin. The cure to the lip’s poison is my skin must be touching the person to stop the poison.”
He covered her mouth as he exchanged the tapes in the recorder with one hand that was sitting on the dresser next to the bed. 
With a glare he spoke “The taped contents, you want to hear? What you hear doesn’t leave the room. You’re my mate I don’t keep secrets from you.” 
Eric watched Brianna’s face as she kept her eyes staring at his as he played the contents of the tape. 
Once done with the tape, Eric spoke “Brianna I’ll let go of your mouth but I’ll watch my words if I were you.” 
He released his hand and got up from the bed. Eric watched as Brianna frowned then she pulled the blankets over herself and closed her eyes. Eric covered his clawed hand with his glove as he went to stand in the bathroom closing the door. He stood in front of the mirror and held up the tape recorder speaking words then he smiled. Eric shut the recorder off with a press of a button and left the bathroom to stand at the bed staring at Brianna. He exhaled air and went to the bed under the blankets. Eric pulled Brianna towards him who didn’t protest. He wrapped his arms around her and leaned his head on hers then he closed his eyes.

Chapter fifteen
In the cafeteria Eric came in the room with hands on Brianna’s shoulders. He could see the others eating their foods and the two went to join them. Once food was eaten the kids Eric saw went to the corner to play. He gripped a tired Brianna in his arms who yawned. 
He ordered “Brianna go to the quarters and sleep.”
Brianna, to his pleasure, obeyed getting up and left the room with his thumbs digging into her back, hands on her shoulders as Arielia entered the cafeteria with her hands behind her back he ignored due to figuring out that she snuck into his bedroom to pick up the tape recorder despite he switching them and keeping his original tape on his form. Eric locked the door behind Brianna who went to the bed lying down. He watched her fall asleep tiredly. Groaning some sound Eric pulled out the tape from his pocket and laid it on the table in the room along with another tape recorder he pulled from his pocket. He heard a small knock on the door and opened the door. He stared at the Human man who was dressed in all white clothing and had his white hair pulled back who towered over him. 
The man spoke “The name is Teorjer. Not everything can be controlled. What do you know about control and why do you want it so badly?” 
Eric spoke “Go away.” 
He put a hand on the door as Teorjer spoke “You were controlled the moment of your existence, told when to eat, sleep and do things. You had no say on your life. You craved control and wanted it so much that you were willing to kill for it-” 
Eric interrupted “I don’t have to listen to this.” 
He edged the door to close it as Teorjer again spoke “You think I believe I have what I wanted, control.” 
Eric stared at him with shock on his face halting his attempt to shut the door as Teorjer paused then the man continued speaking “Your body and actions were controlled from the moment of existence trapped in a prison you couldn’t control. They could never control your mind for your thoughts are your own and so is your mind. You could think anything you wanted but the body couldn’t be controlled by what you wanted.”
Eric stepped out of the room closing the door and stood next to Teorjer while speaking “No one will take that control from me especially you. For those that try they’ll suffer my wrath.” 
Teorjer spoke “You must accept that not everything can be controlled.” 
Eric pulled at gloves and felt a powerful feeling of pain while breathing hard as he spoke “I will control what I want and you can’t stop me.” 
Teorjer spoke “You sure of that Eric?”
Eric charged a full body attack at Teorjer who easily flipped him onto his back. Eric groaned lying on the floor and pulled at his gloves. 
He once again felt the powerful painful feeling and slowly got up as Teorjer again spoke “Control is an interesting word isn’t it?”
Eric stood up and gave Teorjer a glare. He opened the door to his bedroom and stormed inside and froze. Brianna he saw with anger was sitting at the table listening to his tape on the recorder device. He saw Brianna look at him with sadness then she turned off the tape and got up to stand in front of him. 
Eric angrily spoke “Brianna.”
He raised his fist and was slammed into the wall by Teorjer who gripped him in a tight grip while speaking “Brianna go someplace safe and stay out till I tell you it’s safe to.” 
Brianna, he saw darted out of the room. 
Eric growled out “How dare you do this to me.” 
Teorjer spoke as Eric felt himself let go “No you should learn that not everything can be controlled.” 
Eric glared at him and faded turning himself invisible. He ran towards the open door and fell backwards from a fist in his face while appearing out of his hidden form. Hades stepped into the room closing the door. 
Teorjer ordered “Nikolas, strip him every time he goes to the door.” 
Hades replied “I will do, Teorjer.”
Eric growled as he got up and charged at the taller than him, Hades who spun him around and thrust his front to the wall. Teorjer grabbed Eric’s shirt and pulled it off with Hades’ help. 
Teorjer spoke “See that mark on his back. It’s from you saving his life as Claws.” 
Hades said “Interesting” as Eric felt himself thrown onto the bed. 
Eric got up and darted towards the bathroom opening the door. He was met by a clawed fist in his face and fell backwards with a groan. He saw the familiar kneeling one who controlled the Highlander to mind wipe him he recognized as the Surrai species' leader Kurpanov with a glaring look on his Human like face came out closing the bathroom door and stood with arms folded. 
Eric lay shaking his head as Teorjer spoke “You as Claws tried to control the Surrai. No wonder they were desperate to get rid of you.” 
Eric faded to his hidden state and charged at Teorjer who easily stepped aside and he hit the wall with a thump. 
He shook his head as Teorjer spoke “You craved control for it was what you wanted so much that you were willing to kill for control like you did with your father.” 
Eric growled leaning against the wall with his forehead leaning against it breathing hard while hearing Teorjer’s words. 
Teorjer continued speaking “You killed him for he represented what you hated, being controlled like a parent telling a child what to do. You hated his control over you that it caused you to harm and kill didn’t it?”
Eric growled out form turning visible “So what, I will have what I want and I don’t care if anyone gets in my way.” 
Teorjer spoke “Oh really? Like what were you going to do to Brianna? She listened to your tape without your permission. I saw you raise your fist like you wanted to hit her.” 
Eric turned around with a glare at Teorjer who added “You’re not in control of everything Eric.” 
Eric yelled “Get out!”
He pointed to the door where Hades stood. 
Teorjer replied “No, I won’t, you can’t control me or any of us. We’re not leaving till you understand the message.” 
Eric glared at Teorjer and gripped his head with his hands while feeling a headache coming onto his head. He slid down to the floor groaning in pain and sat with his hands still on his head. 
Teorjer spoke again “You can’t even control Merra who is scanning your mind making sure you understand the message.” 
Eric roared in pain as the memory of himself killing his father echoed in his mind which he burst into tears to sense the three males leave him along with the mysterious Merra stopping on scanning his mind. He got up and darted towards the tape recorder putting the tape inside and spoke words to it as he entered the bathroom heading towards the shower stall. Eric heard a whooshing sound and felt himself spun around as Brianna to his shock grabbed him in a tight grip around his chest. 
He heard Brianna pleaded out while staring at his face “Ricky, Eric Junior, and Cassie, Cassandra.” 
Eric stared at the shower stall and with a groan he closed his eyes. He felt one of her arms let go and heard her sighing as he didn’t resist as she pulled him from the bathroom into the bedroom where he saw her pick up the recording device and put it in her pocket. Eric numbly let her pull him towards the door and saw her bend down to pick up his discarded shirt which she put on him. He let her pull her out of the bedroom towards the cafeteria. Inside the cafeteria he didn’t protest as she forced him to sit. Eric sat motionless with his head down and his hands were still in his lap as she left him then she came back he seeing her placed a tray with a bowl full of food and a drink bottle on the table in front of him. He felt her rub a hand on his head and heard her walk away. 
He heard her speak from behind him “I caught Eric about to take a shower which water would kill him.”
Then heard her added ““There’s something you should hear.”
He heard Ionela speak “I’ll interpret for Arielia” as Arielia was heard speaking “Don’t forget to tell me his voice tones.” 
Eric groaned inwardly hearing the recorder turn on followed by him speaking in a despair tone “I’ve been trapped for as long as I can remember, trapped in this prison, controlled by my angry rages. I could do nothing about them. They come and go and I can’t control them. I want to be free of this.”
His voice continued speaking with anger “I remember since I came from the padded room is being controlled by my mate Brianna I was controlled the moment I came out and I hated it. I hated being controlled on when to eat and sleep. I never liked the control over me. I wanted control for myself to control things my way. I will have what I want which is control even will get it if I have to kill anyone who gets in my way.” 
This was followed by himself speaking in a calm tone “I believe I have what I wanted, control. I always wanted control the moment I learned about the ability. I wanted to control my life, control when I eat, sleep and do what I wanted. I find that controlling someone is better than just being controlled by people. Soon Brianna and the others will learn to be controlled ordered by me instead of the other way around. I will have what I want which is control and will kill anyone getting in my way for they will learn the meaning of control.”
The tape paused and continued as his voice spoke in a sad tone “I can’t do this having no control over my life. I wanted control and I craved it so much. I just remembered myself as Claws killing my father. I believe I killed him for having control over me. I just want to die for this. Brianna if you get this, I’m sorry but I can’t do this any more.” 
He heard the tape ended with a whining squeal as he barely saw Cassie and Ricky arrive to sit in chairs besides him. Eric groaned inwardly as Cassie he glimpsed took the fork with her right hand and pressed some food onto it then raised it towards his face. He groaned loudly some sound as his nose sniffed the food finding himself terribly hungry. Eric took the fork with his left hand from Cassie and slowly began eating the food and drinking from the drink bottle. Once finished with the food and drink, Eric pushed the tray away and let his hands fall on his lap as he stared at his gloved hands. 
He barely saw Ricky and Cassie get up and left the table, two blue burrs walking pass him. 
He heard Ricky’s voice speaking “Mom what’s wrong with Dad?” 
As he heard Cassie’s voice speak “Mommy, Daddy seems upset.” 
Eric groaned closing his eyes as he heard Brianna speak “Your father is in a very sad mood, so give him a hug to show that you care about him. Perhaps it’ll help him feel better.”
Eric sighed opening his eyes as he felt his children wrap their arms with their small hands and their heads leaning against his shoulders. 
Eric heard his son speak “Dad feel better please?”
His daughter spoke “Daddy.” 
He sensed hands rubbing the top of his head and he heard Brianna’s voice speaking “Kids, go play, I’ll help your father out of this mood.” 
Eric felt Cassie and Ricky let go of him and barely saw their forms as they went to join the other children playing in one corner of the room. 
He heard Brianna’s voice speaking near his left ear in a whispering tone “I’m sorry you’re upset enough to try to kill yourself which isn’t the answer to your problems. I heard your words on the tape which saddens me. Look at Ricky and Cassie, we parent them well and they turned out ok.” 
He heard her paused to sighs some sound. 
He heard Brianna continued speaking with a normal tone of voice while rubbing a hand through his hair “Eric, from hearing your words on the tape, I think ever since you came out of the padded room, you were controlled by me and your angry rages. This tortured you didn’t it? To be controlled by this wasn’t what you wanted and you had to put up with that. You didn’t want to be controlled by me and those angry rages but I forced you to accept this. So your negative reaction towards me an attempt to punch me after catching me listening to your tape without your permission was indicating on that.” 
Eric heard a chair scrape as Brianna moved a chair to sit close next to him on his left side. He felt a hand on his chin and felt his face moved to face hers as he saw her lean forward in the chair sitting next to him. 
Eric averted his eyes to stare at her right shoulder as Brianna spoke again “Eric, you being controlled for every moment of your life from your existence must make you very angry. Hence those great rages of anger for it were the only way you could release those pent up feelings of being controlled. As a result those rages of anger would come and you had no control over them which was yourself lashing out like some animal.”
He heard Brianna again pause to sigh and then she spoke “Poor Eric, I don’t know if you remember this but your angry rages had your father lock you up. He admitted to me that he was afraid that you would lash out in anger hurting anyone of us. So his fear of what will happen kept you locked up with him trying to control you and your life.”
Brianna stopped talking to rub hands on his cheeks and then she added “I remember the first day when I met you, whether you remember it or not, I sensed something that was lacking in your life. You were lonely, only one person and you needed a mate. I saw the loneliness in your eyes and behavior towards me. I knew what you wanted and needed, a mate. I wanted to be someone there for you and I picked this path to be in your life. I’m glad I did for we created Ricky and Cassie to take care of as they grow to adulthood. Your torment of torture you’re going through, you’re not alone, for you have me standing at your side to help you through your pain.” 
Eric sighed as Brianna got up from the chair and wrapped her arms around him holding him close to her. Eric raised his arms and wrapped them around Brianna’s form as he let the tears fall from his eyes. 
He heard Brianna speak “Eric it’s alright to let go of those feelings of your pain. Let go of them and heal for I’m here to help you.”
Eric groaned some sound as he sensed Brianna rubbing his back with her hands holding her in a tight grip. 
He heard Brianna speak “Arielia, Ionela, Henry, it’s alright. Eric is really upset and he’s in pain. He just needs to know that he’s not alone with his pain. He really needs our help to heal.” 
Eric sensed a hand on his head and looked to his side with a tear stained face in a grimace as he stared at Arielia who stared at him with worry on her face. 
He felt Brianna rub his back as Arielia spoke “Big brother, are you ok?”
Eric raised an arm towards Arielia who took his gloved hand and gripped it as Ionela walked in his line of sight. 
He saw Ionela frown as she placed her hand on his held by Arielia’s hand and she spoke “Eric, please let us help you with your pain. Remember we’re there for you like we are for each other.” 
Eric leaned his head on Brianna tears falling from his face as he groaned some sound while feeling a hand on his shoulder and looked to see Henry staring at him. 
Henry spoke “Try to feel better Eric we’re here to help you.”
Eric turned his face burying it on Brianna’s form. He shook shaking as he let the tears flow some more his spirit breaking as he broke down.

Chapter sixteen
Eric staring at the wall in front of him heard Brianna sigh as he sat in his regular clothes ram rod straight in armchair, in their sleeping quarters. His gloved hands were in his lap. 
He heard Brianna sigh again as she spoke “Eric, please go to the bed and get some sleep.”
Eric got up and went to the bed and lay down. He felt Brianna pulled the blankets over them both. Eric lay in the bed staring at the ceiling his hands motionless in their gloves as she turned off the lamp. 
Eric heard Brianna speak in a pleading tone “Eric, please say something, don’t act like this. I want my Eric back and not him in this emotionless form.” 
Eric spoke in a voice devoid of emotion “I will once I’m better.” 
He heard Brianna groan as she laid her head on his chest and she spoke “I just hope you’ll get better soon to act as the caring man I mated with.”
Eric’s eyes filled with tears as he lay in the bed with her. 

Eric lay on the bed staring at the ceiling and he didn’t acknowledge the alarm that went off signaling morning. He sensed her get up turning on the lamp and he got up to walk towards the chair where he sat down to stare at the walls. Eric heard her groan as she changed into her dress and heard her footfalls as she left the room. He sat in the chair staring at the walls. Eric shook his head and laid a gloved hand on his forehead while groaning in pain with his face in a grimace. 
He mumbled out loud as he sat in the chair “How much longer must I suffer remembering me killing my father?” 
He stood up and began to pace walking back and forth in the room. Eric sighed as he stared at the open bedroom door. He stood next to the wall and raised a fist throwing the arm into the wall with a grunt. The wall cracked around his fist as he pulled it back and leaned against the wall staring at the walls with a frown his back to the doorway. He sensed a presence and whirled around to face Teorjer who had his hands up. 
Eric groaned out “What lesson are you here to teach me?”  
Teorjer lowered his hands and spoke “Why are you torturing yourself?”
Eric opened his mouth to talk but closed it staring at Teorjer who continued “What happened in the past happened and stays in the past. Stop torturing yourself, Eric.” 
Eric groaned as he put his back against the wall sliding down into a sitting position. 
He pulled up his legs as Teorjer spoke “I don’t believe your father would want his son torturing himself.”  
Eric groaned out “I remember killing my father because I didn’t want to be controlled by him anymore.” 
Teorjer spoke “You’re not being controlled by him anymore. Then why are you’re torturing yourself?” 
Eric sighed as he spoke “I can remember killing him like yesterday clear in my mind. The memory won’t go away no matter how I will it to go. Brianna told me he locked me up because of his fear of me lashing out hurting people. I don’t think father actually cared about me.” 
He saw Teorjer went to squat down in front of him. 
Teorjer spoke “Your father actually cared about you-” 
Eric interrupted “Father had a funny way of showing that.”
Teorjer shook his head and spoke “No, not the funny way. He actually cared about you.” 
He stared at Teorjer as the man pulled out a tape from his pocket and held it in his hand. 
Teorjer spoke “Listen to the tape’s contents and maybe you’ll feel better.” 
Eric took the tape from Teorjer’s hand and the man stood up and walked out of the room. He got up and went to the recorder on the table and placed the tape in the device. He sat down and pressed a button.  
He heard his father’s voice speaking with a sad tone “Tape entry sixteen Eric, my son actually saw my grandchildren, his son Ricky and daughter Cassie for the first time today. This was from behind a window as the nurses held the kids who were both in the baby stage. I stood next to him as he stood in chains staring at his children with a look on his face. I could see the look on his face was pride of what he created with Brianna. I watched as he put a hand on the window staring at them. Then I saw him look at me with a look of peace and calm something I think was missing from his life. Eric went to me and hugged me. He was darted as a result but I held him as he fell asleep him staring at me with a peaceful look on his face. Poor Eric, he suffers from angry rages which make him lash out like an animal. That’s some thing I still struggle to help Eric with. I care about my son Eric but it pains me that he gets those rages. I should have done something to help Eric and his suffering. I sometimes feel sadness whenever Eric gets punished for hurting people whenever he lashes out. I know that the punishment is for his own good but I feel like his rages are a way of him tormenting himself. I think Brianna is the best thing that could have happened to him. She seemed to be what he needed to help calm him down from the angry rages. I know that he was lonely and needed a mate. He needed someone who cares about him. I’m just glad that Brianna chose to be a mate to him. I think having her as a mate helped him over come his pain from suffering those angry rages.”
The tape ended as Eric sat with tears running down his face. With a sigh he wiped his eyes with his sleeves then he got up and walked out of the bedroom towards the cafeteria. He went inside the cafeteria looking to see his children sitting in the corner playing away with the other children. Eric looked to see Brianna walking up to him with a frown on her face. He sighed as she reached him and he pulled her in his embrace holding her as he stroked her hair. He stared at Brianna who rubbed hands on his chest as he held her surrounded by his arms. His hands rubbed her back as she rubbed his chest with her hands. He saw out of the corners of his eyes Ricky and Cassie running towards them and pulled away from Brianna to let his children grab his standing form. Eric sighed as his children hugged him. He rubbed hands on their black haired heads as they gripped him tightly. 

Chapter seventeen
Eric lay in the bed as the room was illuminated by a blue light shining on a glass panel on the wall. He lay with Brianna’s head on his bare chest as his gloved right hand stroked her right cheek on her face. He felt her raised her head and form twisting it to the side to look at him. He stared at the ceiling as his hand went to settle on her right side stroking her hip under the blankets. 
He heard Brianna speak “You’re angry.” 
Eric groaned some sound as he felt Brianna shifted to her stomach. He moved his stroking gloved hand onto her back in a scratching motion. 
He heard Brianna continued speaking “Use your voice, tell me, I don’t know your thoughts and if you can’t say it use the recorder.” 
Eric replied, with anger in his voice, while staring at the ceiling “I’m just angry, Brianna that I broke down and became mindless ignoring the children, worse of all ignoring you.” 
He heard her sigh as she spoke “Eric, you were in terrible pain from what happened in the past. There was nothing you could do to fight your pain. You let it go physically but mentally the pain was unbearable for you.” 
He felt Brianna rub his cheeks with her hands then removed her hands to settle them on his chest.
Eric moved his other hand joining his stroking hand gripping her in a hug as he spoke “Brianna, I let anger control me when I killed my father. Poor Arielia and Ionela, they never got to know their father like I did.” 
He heard Brianna spoke “Eric, it’s alright at least you’re around to tell them about their father. Your father admitted to me that he was afraid of anything deadly happening to him hence he making taped records of himself.”
Eric sigh some sound as he pulled her closer towards himself as she lowered her head onto his chest. Eric lay awake in the bed with Brianna sleeping head on his chest with his arms around her. Eric removed his arms to look at his gloved hands and then groaned some sound. He sighed and pulled off his underwear shorts from lying in the bed under the blankets and twisted himself to face Brianna who woke up. 
He saw her look at him with a questioningly look on her face as he pulled off her nightgown over her head and tossed it aside while speaking “It’s alright Brianna, trust me.”
Naked he pulled her form towards him and he lay on his back. Eric put his hands over his head onto the headboard holding it. 
He spoke as Brianna from her lying on her stomach position stared at his face “Take control, do what you want.” 
Eric with his head on the pillow closed his eyes. 
He felt Brianna pull his arms off the headboard and spoke “Brianna?”
Eric heard her speak “My way, Eric.” 
He felt her put his hands on her hips and laid her hands on his cheeks on his face massaging. Eric sighed as she brought her hands to his shoulders rubbing them then she lowered her hands down massaging with her hands. Eric hissed a breath as her hands found his nipples and squeezed them. He heard her sigh as Brianna brought her hands lower rubbing on his abs muscles. Eric exhaled through his mouth as his breathing quickened. He felt Brianna moved her hands lower massaging with her hands till she reached his sensitive part and wrapped her hands around it. Eric jerked arching his back from her touch his breathing becoming harder as she massaged the sensitive part with her hands exploring it. 
Eric groaned some sound eyes still shut, moaning out “Brianna.” 
He groaned as Brianna let go of him and felt her moved herself till she was on top of him. Eric heard her sigh as she lowered herself on his sensitive part entering inside her as he moved. 
He felt Brianna put her hands on his shoulders holding him in place while speaking “Let me have control, Eric, just enjoy.” 
Eric was quick to obey and stilled himself as she moved in rhythm hands holding him in place. Eric moaned some undecipherable sounds of pleasure while feeling her shake from the mating and he jerked gasping as he spilled himself inside her. Eric felt her adjusted her form and lay besides him. His eyes were still closed. 
He heard her speak will rubbing her hands on his cheeks “Eric, how do you feel?”
Eric opened his golden eyes to stare at Brianna’s brown ones from her position lying on her side. 
He sighed pulling his hands to rub her back as he said “It was hard having you take control. I had to restrain myself.”
Brianna spoke “It’s alright, Eric.”
Eric exhaled air and felt her lay with her head under his chin while wrapping his arms around her form. Eric lay with his eyes opened staring at the ceiling with Brianna sleeping held in his arms under the blankets. He blinked his eyes as tears fell from them and rubbed his chin on Brianna’s head. Eric sensed one of her hands reach up to rub him on the cheek then the hand settled on his bare chest as she slumbered on her side. He exhaled air feeling as the rages arrived and closed his eyes gritting his teeth willing himself to calm down. Eric growled some nonsense sound feeling the anger coursing through him. He sensed Brianna still asleep shift and felt her arms wrap around his neck as she plopped her forehead on his cheek gripping him in a tight grip. Eric opened his eyes in anger growling at the whiteness in his eyes sight. 
He sensed Brianna awake to raise her head to stare at him in the face and heard her speak “Don’t fight the anger, let the memory come through.” 
Eric closed his eyes as the memory arrived in his mind showing him as Claws sitting on a stone table in a clearing full of rocks asleep under the sun shining in the sky. Claws woke up to sense one of the Surrai called Kurpanov standing in front of him with his arms folded. 
Kurpanov with his long blonde hair in a messy ponytail spoke “You left a witness, Night Eyes. Go and kill that witness now.” 
Kurpanov lowered his arms as Claws got up from the table and left the clearing with the Surrai following him. Claws walked passed rows of trees and bushes till he reached a clearing where metal gated arches sat and entered one. He arrived in a room from the bathroom doorway with a bed which Eric recognized as his sleeping quarters with Brianna. Claws went to the open door to the room and hid himself behind it waiting. Eric growled from the memory as it showed Brianna walking into the room. Claws slammed the door shut behind her and she spun around. He growled advancing towards her as she stared at him with shock on her face as he grabbed her by the head and hesitated. Eric in the memory remembered himself as Claws staring at her with a confused look with his hands on her head. He let go of her and walked towards the bathroom door disappearing in a flash of light. He arrived in the metal gated arched clearing to face the Surrai standing there. 
Kurpanov angrily spoke “You didn’t kill the witness, Night Eyes.” 
Eric recalled speaking his first words as Claws to the Surrai “The witness is my mate.”
Kurpanov growled some sound stomping towards him speaking “If you won’t kill the witness, I will.” 
Claws blocked Kurpanov’s way who continued speaking “I ordered you to do something and you won’t do it, so I’ll have to do this.” 
He raised his unclenched hand as Kurpanov walked around him and swiped the Surrai on the chest with a clawed hand. Kurpanov, he saw groaned with thick claw gashes in his chest bending forwards and went down falling towards the ground as the Surrai around growled their displeasure. 
Claws, he remembered spoke “I don’t take orders from you or anyone.”
He stood as two Surrai he recognized to be called Nemovsky and Yugadin for always accompanied Kurpanov walked forwards grabbing an unconscious Kurpanov by the arms and raised him up. 
Claws spoke to the Surrai “I’ll do the same to you if any of you dares to kill the witness who is my mate, so scatter. I’m taking control.”
The Surrai scattered walking away from him into the bushes of the forests. He followed Nemovsky and Yugadin hauling Kurpanov till they reached a clearing with three logs at the side joined in a circle. Claws stood watching as Nemovsky swatted Kurpanov with one hand on the face that dizzily opened his eyes while shaking his head. The two Surrai lowered Kurpanov on the ground that went into the dirt like it was quicksand and it closed up behind him. A white grass stalk peered out of the ground where Kurpanov went in. The stalk slowly sank into the earth as Nemovsky and Yugadin stood staring at him. 
He spoke “Let me know when he comes up. I’m not done using him with my claws.” 
He saw Nemovsky and Yugadin frown with pained looks on their faces. Then Claws walked away.

Eric lay in the bed breathing hard as he sensed Brianna rubbing his cheeks with her hands. He opened his eyes to look at her staring at him. 
Brianna spoke “Eric, what was the memory?”
Eric groaned out “My time as Claws.”
He paused and continued speaking “I don’t want to talk more about this.”
Eric closed his eyes and sensed Brianna laid her head next to his cuddling him with her arms. He wrapped his arms around her form as he slept.

Chapter seventeen  
Eric saw Arielia yawn looking tiredly from the bench attached to a table watching the children play with the toys in one corner of the cafeteria room. It was already late in the morning and she appeared to Eric to be struggling to stay awake.
Eric from across the room went to sit next to her on the bench.
He signed with gloved hands “What’s going on?”
She spoke using her voice “Your daughter Cassie couldn’t sleep. She went to my room with the door open really early in the morning and woke me up complaining about that. I could only get her to sleep by sitting in the rocking chair with her on my lap. I tried to move her back to bed but she kept waking up insisting that I stay with her.”
Eric put an arm around his sister and pulled her towards him putting her head on his shoulder. He stroked her hair as she yawned again and closed her eyes. Eric sighed as he watched the children playing with the toys scattered around them. The door to the cafeteria opened as Aiden strode in. Ionela and Brianna paused from their talk watching Aiden. Henry stood up from his seat as Eric narrowed his eyes seeing the Drainer walk around the tables with benches attached and chairs towards himself with a sleeping Arielia on his shoulder. The children stopped their playing to watch the Drainer with wide eyed looks.
Reaching Eric, Aiden spoke “There’s a deaf Human male called Brent here with Beddune’s help said to help heal Arielia. The Beddune tell me that Brent must live with Arielia learning her way of life as her mate, something they are very insistent on. I want to take you and Arielia to Brent.” 
Eric glared at Aiden and then he tapped Arielia on the shoulder that sleepily woke up to look at him. 
Eric signed “Come on, Aiden wants to show us something.” 
He saw Ionela walk forwards speaking “I heard, so I’ll watch the kids.” 
Eric with Arielia left the room following Aiden to the stairwell and walked a maze of stairwells and hallways. Eric took the rear following Arielia following Aiden. Eric saw as they reached a hallway that was tan all around with doors on his right and there were double doors on his left. He followed the two into the room looking twin to a cafeteria room and stared at a long black haired male dressed in raggedly fur clothing with a fur bag that looked at them while holding a piece of paper. 
Eric heard Arielia speak “It’s Brent.” 
Eric narrowed his eyes as he put a hand on her shoulder while fisting his other hand. Brent Eric saw walked forwards towards them and handed him the piece of paper which he looked was a drawing of Arielia and Brent’s faces. 
He stared at Brent who signed with a hand the word “Arielia.” 
Eric stared as he saw Arielia walk forwards towards Brent both jerked as their hands touched gripping each other and he stood staring as the pair embraced each other. Eric frowned as Arielia and Brent started signing gestures he struggled to understand. He sigh watching Arielia lead Brent out of the room and followed the two seeing his sister lead the male to her bedroom putting a do not disturb sign on the door and shutting it closed. He sighed figuring out that Arielia was getting her sleep comforted by Brent as he went into the cafeteria and spoke towards Ionela "Brianna and I are watching the children tonight." 
He saw a relieved expression on his sister's face as she went to Henry and took his hand leading him out of the room he noticing the male looking at his sister with a look that reminded him of mating to him. He sighed and went to sit on a bench eyeing the children playing. 

Chapter eighteen
Eric lay in bed with his arm out asleep with Brianna besides him. He felt a hand touch his arm shaking it and opened his eyes to see Cassie standing next to the bed. He reached a gloved hand to the lamp turning it on. 
Eric spoke with a serious tone of voice while hearing Cassie groan “Cassandra, what’s wrong?”
“Daddy” she replied “I can’t sleep.” 
 Eric sighed as he spoke to an awaken Brianna sitting up next to him “Brianna, it’s alright, just Cassie having trouble sleeping. I’ll handle it.”
Cassie stood as he got up clad in his familiar pajamas' clothes and gloves, from the bed and escorted her from the room. He followed her to the bedroom shared with her brother illuminated by a night light in the wall. Eric sighed as she stood watching him went to the plush rocking armchair in the corner of the room and he sat then held out his hands gesturing. Cassie went to sit sideways on his lap as he rocked the chair in a gentle motion. He felt her lean her head against him as he wrapped his arms around her form.
He heard Cassie spoke “Daddy?”
Eric made an hmm some sound in a questioning tone as Cassie added “Auntie Ari has a sign on her door.” 
He spoke “Oh that’s ok.” 
He felt Cassie move her head with a questioningly look on her face to stare at him in the face while looking at her brown eyes with his golden eyes. 
Eric noticing the look on her face continued speaking “It’s alright, Cassie. I’m aware of it.”
He heard Cassie sigh as she laid her head on him and sensed her yawned as he moved the rocking chair. Eric held his daughter in his arms as she sat sideways in his lap. He affectingly squeezed Cassie in a hug with his arms and loosened his hold as he moved the rocking chair. He leaned his head on the top of her long black haired head as Cassie yawn while putting small hands on her face rubbing her eyes. Eric sighed while holding Cassie as she lulled by the rocking chair’s motions closed her eyes and fell asleep. He stopped rocking the chair and with his head on Cassie’s and closed his eyes. He opened them when he sensed a presence in the room to see Brianna walking towards the bed. He watched as she went to the upper bunk and pulled the blankets off then went to him while holding them. Eric sigh as Brianna put the blankets over him holding a sleeping Cassie. He looked at Brianna who rubbed her hand on his head and bent down to move the blankets to cover Cassie’s sleeping form which he watched her leave and shut his eyes to come to hearing the familiar alarm sounding in a beeping tone. He heard Cassie groan as he forced her and himself to get up. He put the blankets back onto the upper bunk of the bed and left the children's bedroom shutting the door and went into his bedroom shutting the door to get dressed into his clothes after exchanging them. Eric in the middle of putting his shoes on after changing his clothes heard knocking on the door. 
He saw Brianna went to the door and opened it and heard her ask “Ricky?”
He still tying his shoes heard Brianna speak “Eric there’s a Shadonian in the hallway saying your name.”
Eric quickly tied his shoes and left the room. Eric looked to see the Shadonian seeing him turned and walked out of the hallway with him following. They walked a maze of hallways, stairs and reached a hallway deck that opened outside with an upper deck over it. Eric saw Aiden standing at the edge of the hallway in front of a doorway. 
Reaching the Drainer, Aiden spoke “Ambassador Nalon asks me to request that you learn how to speak a language called Basic so you can talk to the Shadonia without my help.” 
Eric spoke “I get it, Aiden.”
Aiden gestured with a hand into the room which Eric walked inside to face Nalon sitting behind a desk with several Shadonians in the room. 
Eric listened as Nalon spoke in Shadonian language he assumed was the language spoken while it was translated by Aiden to him “Says I have something to report to you as owner of the place which the Shadonia help take care of.”
Eric nodded his head in agreement which Nalon continued speaking with Aiden repeating his words in his Hybrid language “Says guards reported getting a radio call of intruders. They went to investigate and found four Kaddar, Oceana’s guards, all Highlanders lying on the floor in front of Hades’ quarters. The Kaddar were removed and placed outside.”
At that moment one of the Shadonians interrupted speaking words to Nalon which Aiden spoke to Eric “The guard there is reporting that the outside guards are telling him by radio. He is mentioning that Tikcanni with his Kaddar want entrance to the headquarters. They mentioned Tikcanni told them in Basic that they have a problem with Hades.” 
Eric spoke as Aiden spoke his words translating them to the Shadonia “Have Tikcanni with one guard meet at the edge of the walkway bridge just under the deck. I must mention that due to my Hybrid condition water can kill me.”
Nalon stood up with his two personal guards speaking words which Aiden replied to Eric “Says I agree to this. Relay the orders by radio to the outside guards to tell Tikcanni and alert Teorjer to meet us there.”
Eric with Aiden, Nalon and his personal guards left the room down the outside hallway covered by an upper deck. The group reached the entrance to the gangplank leading to the land deck where rain was falling. They stood waiting as Tikcanni with a cape and a hat on shielding his face from the rain arrived with a Highlander guard. 
Aiden relayed the entire conversation to Eric who stood with his arms folded.
Nalon spoke in Basic to Tikcanni “We talk Basic make easier for Aiden do translator job to Eric.”
Tikcanni replied “I get it, our problem is with Hades.”
Nalon ordered “We wait Teorjer arrives. He asked, him handle anything related to Hades request which we accept.” 
The group stood and waited as Teorjer arrived with a Shadonian guard escorting him. 
Nalon continued “I want talk to be in Basic. Teorjer speak in Basic?”
Teorjer replied “I speak Basic, yes.” 
Tikcanni spoke “Hades was seen in the stadium by people picking up one of the Kaddar and throwing him in the air. Kaddar reported three attacked by Hades as he left the stadium in a fit of anger. This happened last night.”
Nalon spoke “Hmph, guards report in night that person unknown radioed, there were intruders and went to see them. Guards found four Kaddar lying on the floor in front of Hades’ sleeping place and were taken outside.”
Teorjer spoke “Hades admitted to me that four Kaddar arrived during the night threatening him and his female. Hades was told by them to go to the stadium to take back a speech he made insisting on starting a lighted cauldron tradition that himself backed with a threat due to the crowd appearing to disagree with him.” 
Nalon spoke “I see.” 
Eric spoke his words translated by Aiden to the group “We Hybrids have children which we value. I don’t approve of intruder entry by anyone. I suggest you Kaddar or whoever wants entry has to first ask for permission to enter this place. If I see an intruder appearing to cause harm to the children, I and the others won’t hesitate to defend them even it requires deadly force.”
Tikcanni spoke words as Aiden translated to Eric “Says I get it, my business is done here.” 
Tikcanni turned around with his guard and walked down the gangplank as Nalon made a Shadonian sound of disgust he overheard recognizing the noises. 
Teorjer spoke to Eric in Hybrid language “Eric, I have words to speak to you privately, so come with me.” 
Eric with Teorjer left the group walking down the hallway silently side by side. Eric looked at Teorjer questioningly as they walked a maze of stairwells and hallways reaching the hallway to his quarters. 
Eric looked at Teorjer who stopped turning to face him while speaking “I want to tell you that Hades has forces some unseen protecting him and his family. Those forces I’m told are willing to guard you and your people for a price.” 
Eric asked groaning “What price is that Teorjer?”
Teorjer replied “They want you to reveal your hidden state to the others for their protection.” 
Eric sighed frowning as Teorjer added “That’s all they ask, Eric. Reveal your hidden state to the others and they’ll guard your people for as long as it takes.” 
Eric spoke “I’ll see what I can do about doing that.” 
Eric felt Teorjer pat him on the shoulder then the man left the hallway entering the stairwell. Eric frowned then walked down the hallway towards the cafeteria entering the room. He saw Brianna get up from a table with a questioning look on her face. 
Eric told her “Brianna, the Shadonia request that I learn to speak a language called Basic for communicating with them without Aiden’s help.” 
Brianna spoke “I will teach you the language.”
He found at her insisting on thinking of a set of words in his mind followed by her speaking the odd words he finding himself understanding what she said to his confusion as he stared at her. 
Eric got from Brianna "The Basic language is easily understood by various natives of Terrania according to Empress Palina Borsova. She admits that the Basic language gives Americanians trouble getting it automatically who have to be taught how to speak it despite it easily gotten from other nationalities."
He frowned but didn't comment a response.

Chapter nineteen
Eric paced in the cafeteria room lost in thought while noticing night had fallen outside. He noticed the others watching him with glares and figured it was related to his pacing and apparent thinking mood which he sighed. Eric waved his gloved hands getting Arielia and Brent’s attention when he heard the doors to the room slam open from behind him. Eric spun around to feel a prick of pain in his chest as he heard familiar sounds of multiple dart guns firing. He saw a long cylinder dart sticking out of his chest and blinked his eyes fighting the urge to sleep and fell towards the white floor. Groaning Eric shook his head twisting himself to lie on his back staring at the intruders as the dart’s contents hitting him, he closed his eyes.

Eric came to with his eyes closed to feel a weight on him and moved his shaking gloved hands feeling the weight. 
He heard a voice speak which took him a few moments to understand “Daddy, wake up.”
Eric groaned hands on the weight which he felt to be his daughter Cassie who removed herself from lying on top of him. 
He shook his head feeling Cassie patting his cheeks with her hands while speaking “Daddy, please wake up.” 
Eric dizzily opened his eyes shaking his head. Sunlight shined through the windows starting a new day. Eric looked to see Cassie kneeling next to his head with hands on his cheeks patting them. 
He heard her yell “Daddy’s awake!”
Eric heard footfalls and looked to see Harry and Anna running towards him to stand next to his head. He sat up shaking his head putting a hand on his head moaning some sound. 
He heard Cassie speak “Daddy.” 
Eric lowered his hand to stare at her as Harry he heard spoke “Uncle Eric.” 
Groaning Eric stood up and wobbled walking shaking the effects of sleep from his system with Cassie putting a hand on his side. He looked around the room to see the adults lying on the floor unconscious. 
Sighing he looked down at Cassie who spoke “Daddy, they locked the doors.” 
Eric groaned walking towards the doors and pushed them. The doors burst open as he heard a crack like sound. Eric looked to see scattered objects lying on the floor split in pieces. 
He grabbed Cassie before she was about to leave the room speaking “Cassandra, wait until I check it out.” 
Eric left the room with the doors closing behind him. He stood in the hallway looking around then entered the cafeteria looking around with a glare. Eric frowned as Cassie with Harry and Anna stood staring at him with worried expressions on their faces. 
He asked his daughter noticing his son wasn't in sight “Where’s your brother Ricky?”
Eric heard Cassie groaned some sound as she answered “They took Ricky with them.” 
Eric saw her face turn into a grimace as he growled loudly. 
He looked around the room with a glare and muttered out loud snarling “Tikcanni and his Kaddar have gone too far this time.” 
He added speaking to the kids “Help me wake up the others.” 
He found them not resisting to being wakened up but angry hearing Ricky was taken which he added that the kidnapping had to do with Emperor Palin's death. He got from the Hybrids grumbles of anger along with signing comments from Arielia and Brent signing furiously in some hand language he not getting it their talk as he went to sit down eyeing the doors. 
He saw Aiden come into the room seeing him spoke in Basic he getting the words "Ambassador Nalon wants you in his office."
Eric didn't protest a response wordlessly led the way to the Ambassador's office. Eric arrived into Ambassador Nalon’s office with Aiden behind him. 
Eric heard the Shadonians’ chatter stopped as Nalon spoke words which Aiden translated “Says four of the Shadonia were found lying on the floor asleep this morning. When they came to, they report that last night Tikcanni and his Kaddar arrived running into the headquarters. Those four tried to stop them and were darted asleep as a result.” 
Eric growled out while hearing Aiden speaking his words in foreign language “Tikcanni and his Kaddar all Highlanders with dart guns arrived in our eating room. They darted me and the adults putting us asleep. My daughter told me that they took my son and locked the doors behind them that the children couldn’t get out. This intrusion happened last night.”
Eric snarled some sound as Teorjer arrived into the room. 
Teorjer spoke to Eric in Hybrid language with Aiden relaying to Nalon “Plans by forces have been set in motion which I can’t explain. Eric and Ambassador Nalon must go to Oceana’s headquarters to confront Tikcanni.”
Teorjer paused to look at Eric and continued speaking “When Ambassador Nalon gives you the signal use your hidden state to find your son and let the forces handle the rest if you’re captured.” 
Eric looked at Nalon who said words which Aiden spoke “Says that I will do but this hidden state? I’m confused.”
Eric growled out words with Aiden telling Nalon “I have the ability to turn myself hidden.” 
Eric willed himself to calm and made himself invisible in front of the watching Shadonians who muttered their surprise as Aiden spoke “Yeer.” 
Teorjer spoke as Aiden relayed his words to the Shadonia “I suggest you go confront Tikcanni now before the opportunity is lost.” 
Nalon and Eric who reappeared nodded their heads in agreement. 

Chapter twenty 
Eric with gloves off in his pockets, revealing his clawed hands and group walked into Oceana’s headquarters. He narrowed his eyes to see Tikcanni stood in the lobby with his arms folded flanked by two Kaddar both Highlanders holding long guns in their hands. He saw other Kaddar, Highlanders and Aquarians standing scattered in the room with guns in their hands.
Eric heard Nalon speak in Basic “Tikcanni, I’m not pleased with you at the moment and I feel like I was taken as in tricked. I’m insulted by your actions of yourself and your Kaddar.” 
Eric growled some small sound as Nalon continued speaking “I have witnesses who say last night you and your Kaddar barged into the Hybrids’ home darting four of my guards when they tried to stop you. I’m told by Eric that the Hybrids were darted while their offsprings were not. I’m further annoyed that you took Eric’s son Ricky without his permission.”
Nalon paused as Tikcanni lowered his arms and he added “You were told that Eric is willing to take responsibly for his offspring causing the disappearance of your Emperor Palin which your Empress has agreed. Now I came to insist that Ricky, Eric’s offspring be returned.”
Tikcanni spoke “I can’t do that Ambassador, I have my orders.” 
Nalon spoke “I insist on seeing the Empress to explain herself for her actions.” 
Tikcanni replied “The Empress is busy at the moment and cannot see you now, perhaps another time.” 
Nalon continued speaking as Eric growled some sound “You have not heard the last of me, Tikcanni. There will be payment for this.” 
Nalon turned towards Eric and nodded his head. Eric nodded his head and turned his form invisible. He watched in his hidden form as Nalon with escorts left the lobby of Oceana’s headquarters slamming the door with a bang. 
Eric in his hidden state saw Tikcanni groan hearing the bang noise and order spoken in foreign language which he understood the words “Scanners up now! I want Eric found alive!” 
He stood in the room hidden watching the Kaddar pull out hand held devices in their hands waving them. Eric growled inwardly as he followed Tikcanni and four Kaddar all Highlanders towards a doorway which led to stairs. He saw two Kaddar, both Aquarians walking down the stairs passing Tikcanni and escorts and fisted his clawed hands. Eric waited as the Kaddar walked by him and threw his fist into the Aquarians’ stomach areas that both bent down loudly groaning. Eric grabbed their heads knocking them together and they fell hitting the floor. He ran up the stairs as another Kaddar a Highlander ran down and fisted the Highlander on the face. The Kaddar went backwards landing on the stairwell. Eric angrily kneeled on one knee fisting the Kaddar several times on the front not caring where he landed his fist then he stood up and ran up the stairs just in time to see a door in the wall closed. Eric opened the door to face a Kaddar, a Highlander who pointed his gun unseeing him. Eric charged ramming his body into the Kaddar who fell backwards onto the ground with him on top of the Highlander. Eric was quick to get up knocking away the Kaddar’s gun throwing his fist in the Highlander’s face who groaned closing his eyes.
He angrily kneeled on one knee fisting the Kaddar in the stomach area repeatedly and paused when he heard Tikcanni’s voice speak via speakers above him in Hybrids' language to his shock making him more angry “Eric, surrender by showing yourself and we’ll take you to your offspring.”
Eric brought his fist into the Kaddar’s stomach and resumed punching him repeatedly. 
He stopped when he heard the Empress’s voice speaking in Oceanan he assumed was what the language was called “Tikcanni, this is the Empress I don’t like being kept in the dark. I liked to be informed of what’s going on.”
Eric stopped his punching to stand looking around the dimly lit hallway facing the stairwell doors. He looked around to see the hallway end at his left and walked down the hallway on his right that curved around a corner. Eric walked around the corner to see a Kaddar standing in front of an open doorway.
He heard Tikcanni’s voice speaking in Hybrid language coming from the doorway and above him from the speakers “Eric, your offspring is doing fine so please show yourself and stop your attacks.” 
Eric went to the Kaddar in front of the doorway as he heard the Empress’s voice speaking in Oceanan “Tikcanni, I’m ordering you to broadcast to Eric the reason why Ricky was taken. Perhaps that will get him to surrender.”
Eric fisted the Highlander in the face who went backwards falling unconscious. He entered the room and fisted the Kaddar standing near Tikcanni in the face. 
He saw Tikcanni held up a device in his gloved hand while looking around the room unseeing him and muttered out loud in Oceanan “Drat, he’s impossible to be detected.”
He walked toward the remaining guards as Tikcanni spoke in Hybrid language “Eric, I know you’re here somewhere, so show yourself now. I only want to talk to you for I have things to explain.” 
Eric spoke in an angry tone “Your Empress made an agreement, Tikcanni.”
Eric grabbed the two remaining Kaddar by the heads throwing their forms hitting each other and the Highlanders fell towards the floor unconscious. Eric saw Tikcanni drop the device onto the floor and watched as he slowly put the gun on a shelf on the wall besides him and held up his gloved hands.
Tikcanni spoke looking around the room unseeing Eric “Eric, the Emperor left instructions that whoever who kills him must be contained for their safety for he didn’t want his people to retaliate causing harm to them.”
Eric growled loudly as Tikcanni added “The Emperor made this clear to me and he wrote it down in his diary which I gave to his oldest offspring heir, the Empress.” 
Eric waited as Tikcanni paused and spoke still in an angry tone “You expect me to believe this lie from a mind walker?”
He continued speaking with the same tone “I know you, Highlanders are all mind walkers. I’m aware that your kind is capable of manipulating people with lies and deceiving them to further their purposes.”
He walked to stand next to Tikcanni who spoke unseeing him “Not all Highlanders are like that, Eric.” 
Eric growled loudly and brought his fist into Tikcanni’s stomach that bent down groaning loudly. 
He walked to stand behind Tikcanni who straightened up slowly looking around the room while speaking “You were manipulated by a Highlander and is angry about this.”
Eric angrily leaned down and brought his arm on the back of Tikcanni’s legs pushing the Highlander to a kneeling position. Eric yanked off Tikcanni’s low strung tan brown hat off his head revealing his long blond hair that was partially pulled back in a tail. 
Eric snarled in a sarcastic tone his head near Tikcanni’s right pointed ear “Well, well what do we have here? I see a Highlander, whose appearance is twin to Emperor Palin.”
Eric grabbed Tikcanni’s hair jerking his head up while appearing out of his hidden state with a clawed hand an itch near the Highlander’s face. 
He spoke “You will free and pardon my son for what he did, Tikcanni or should I say Paul Palin, the Emperor’s missing brother.”
He heard Tikcanni gasped out loud in shock as he continued speaking lowering his head next to his face “Yes I know who you really are Tikcanni. I learned this information as Claws. I learned many secrets during my time as Claws that people would kill to keep others from finding out.” 
Eric jerked his head towards the doorway hearing footfalls arriving and let go of Tikcanni and faded turning himself invisible. He watched as Tikcanni stood up picking up his hat as three Kaddar all Aquarians arrived in the apartment. Eric narrowed his eyes seeing the Kaddar looked at each other shaking their heads appearing to look shocked to him. 
He heard Tikcanni speak in Oceanan placing his low slung hat on his head “Eric is in the room in his hidden condition. He knows who I really am and has admitted learning the information-” 
Eric interrupted in his hidden form, growling out in Oceanan “Tikcanni I learned how to decipher your language so don’t try anything threatening. I suggest you take me to my son or I will use my poisonous claws starting with those three.”
He watched as the three put their handguns in their holsters and held up their webby like Humanoid white hands. 
Eric continued speaking as Tikcanni frowned visibly “I admit I’m having a hard time restraining myself from the urge to kill because of my son being taken after an agreement. I don’t like being manipulated and deceived by people especially by Highlanders.”  
Tikcanni spoke “Eric-”
Eric interrupted again “Tikcanni, you will take me to my son now. Don’t try anything threatening or suffer my wrath.” 
Tikcanni spoke “I will do that.” 
The three Kaddar slowly turned around and walked out of the room with Tikcanni following them. The Kaddar stood in the hallway as Eric followed Tikcanni slow walking towards metal doors at the edge of the hallway. 
He heard Tikcanni speak as the Highlander pressed a hidden button in the wall opening the metal doors “We have to take the elevator to the floor where we contained Ricky.”
Eric spoke as Tikcanni walked inside “Fine.”
He entered the elevator as the doors closed and stiffened feeling the confines of standing in the elevator while growling loudly. He saw Tikcanni press a button on the wall and felt the elevator go up. Eric heard Tikcanni exhale air then the elevator stopped with a jerk as smoke arrived billowing fast through the air vent above them followed by Tikcanni coughing. 
Eric roared “Manipulator and deceiver!” 
He grabbed Tikcanni by the neck raising him above him yelling as the Highlander closed his eyes going limp but still breathing while unconscious “You tricked me!”
Eric appeared from his hidden state and let go of Tikcanni who dropped towards the floor unconscious. He attacked the doors coughing in the smoke filled elevator. He stiffened from feeling sleepiness from the smoke and fought the urge. 
Groaning Eric muttered coughing in the smoke “When will I learn? Highlanders are always manipulating and deceiving.” 
He leaned against the wall shaking his head and slid down into a sitting position letting sleep over come him.

Eric jerked feeling a headache he recognized as his mind being scanned as he felt repeated blows connect to his stomach area while hearing water dripping sounds. 
He shook his head and heard a voice speak in Oceanan “Says Eric is coming around, Your Majesty.”
Eric opened his eyes feeling himself sitting in a chair, with his ankles and feet chained to foot pedals which he recognized to be a wheelchair with his arms chained to the armrests. His clawed hands he felt were covered in cloth chainmail gloves attached to manacles on his wrists. Groaning Eric shook the sleepiness to see facing him with arms folded was the Empress with a glare on her face. Tikcanni stood next to her, with an oxygen mask covering the lower portion of his face attached by tubes to tall as himself oxygen tank on wheels standing next to the Highlander. Kaddar guards, both Highlanders and Aquarians stood scattered in the room with hand guns in their hands. He could see that he was in a large rectangular room with faucets sticking out of the walls above his form surrounding the room. Water was dripping slowly from one of the faucets in the corner onto the floor with a drain. Eric saw Tikcanni nod his head and felt a fist hit his stomach from the Kaddar, a Highlander standing next to his trapped form. 
Eric glared at Tikcanni and snarled in Oceanan with an accusing tone “Manipulator and deceiver.”
Eric stiffened feeling the familiar headache as Tikcanni narrowed his eyes staring at him. 
The Empress spoke “What does he know about us, from his Claws state, Tikcanni?”
Eric glared at Tikcanni who averted his eyes to stare at the Highlander standing besides his trapped form he saw who said “Says he knows too much information.” 
The Empress continued speaking “Tell me, how Eric found out secrets as Claws.”
Eric willed himself to calm as he felt the headache return as Tikcanni looked at him with his eyes. Eric shook his head from the pain of the headache and looked away from Tikcanni while staring at the blue bricked walls that surrounded the room. 
He heard the Highlander next to him speak “Says by eavesdropping people’s talk and torturing victims to speak their secrets exchanged for letting them live.”
The Empress remarked “Interesting.” 
The Kaddar next to Eric spoke “Says I’m seeing in the mind scans showing a Human man called Teorjer telling Eric that there are forces some hidden guarding Hades and his people. Teorjer also mentioned that those forces are willing to guard Eric and his people in exchange for a price which is he revealing his form in its hidden state to others. Scans indicate that Teorjer didn’t tell Eric who when he told him to show the ability. Appears that the other Hybrids even the children don’t know of this except one named Brianna, Eric’s mate-“
Eric hearing Brianna’s name interrupted roaring out “You leave Brianna out of this!”
The Highlander continued talking ignoring Eric’s outburst “Says Eric was about to reveal his hidden state to the other Hybrids when I and the Kaddar arrived to capture his offspring dubbed Ricky also referred as Eric Junior.”
Eric exhaled air breathing hard struggling to keep himself calm as Tikcanni turned his head to look at the Empress. Eric watched as the Empress walked forwards and bent down, her long red haired head close to his with her arms still folded. 
She spoke “I suggest you cooperate, Eric, for your offspring's sake.”
Eric kept his mouth shut as his golden eyes met her all blue eyes while breathing hard through his nose. 
The Empress continued speaking “I’m aware from Tikcanni’s mind scans that water even a small drop on your skin can harm you like poison. I know that you have information, secrets people would kill to keep others from knowing of them.”
Eric narrowed his eyes feeling Tikcanni scan his mind as the Empress paused from her talk to look at the Highlander who touched the oxygen tank with a hand twice making loud tapping noises. 
Eric kept his mouth shut as the Empress looked at him again with Tikcanni scanning his mind and resumed talking “I made an agreement about Ricky but my people have not. They are capable of retaliating for my father’s disappearance hence Ricky being taken and contained.”
Eric growled some sound as the Empress paused to straighten up her form with her arms folded. 
She added “Ricky is an offspring alone here. I believe his sire should be with him while he is contained for his safety.” 
Eric heard Tikcanni tapping the oxygen tank with a hand and glared as the Empress turned and walked away towards the Highlander speaking “Blindfold Eric and take him to his offspring. Put the neck restraint on him and keep him restrained in the chair.” 
Eric jerked feeling cloth cover his eyes and tied to the back of his head. He stiffened feeling an object with poking pricks clamped around his neck with a snapping sound. Eric let the anger inside him boil as he sensed the wheelchair pushed going through several turns and heard a scrape noise. He felt the motions of an elevator then the familiar scrape noise followed by several turns then a door opening sounded twice. The chair was abruptly stopped and then he felt the blindfold yanked off his head followed by another sound of a door closing. Eric blinked his eyes closing them while letting anger overcome him. He jerked the arm restraints and shook from the pain of feeling the neck device zap him. Eric sucked oxygen hard through his mouth, growling angrily while fisting his covered hands and jerked feeling something on his lap followed by something touching his mouth, smelling the food with his nose. He opened his mouth to protest and felt the food on a spoon thrust in which he angrily chewed. The process resumed every time Eric opened his mouth. This stopped as the object sitting in his lap was removed. Eric sat with his eyes closed struggling with his anger as he sensed an object touching his lips and opened his mouth to admit the tube which he sucked drinking the liquid. 
He heard a familiar voice speak and it took him a moment to understand the words said in Hybrid language “Feel better Dad?”
Eric opened his angry eyes to stare at his son holding the drink bottle in his hand, who spoke “Dad, your here like I asked Tikcanni.”
Eric narrowed his eyes drinking as Ricky continued talking “Tikcanni told me I have to stay here to keep me safe from bad people hurting me. I asked Tikcanni to bring you to stay with me.”
Eric finished draining the drink bottle released its tube which he saw Ricky took to place on the desk and went to stand at his side while speaking “Tikcanni told me he was sorry for what he did.”
Eric struggled to remain calm thinking “Tikcanni, you stinking manipulating deceiver, your not getting away with corrupting my son.”
Eric sensed his son leaned forwards hugging his form with his arms. 
Eric spoke “Ricky, what else did Tikcanni tell you?”
He heard Ricky speak “He told me the bad people are angry about what I did to Emperor Palin.”
Ricky he felt let go of hugging him and went to sit on the bed.
The door opened revealing a Highlander in a Kaddar uniform who spoke in Oceanan “Tikcanni ordered me to free you from the restraints but you’ll have to stay in this room.” 
Eric growled some sound as the Kaddar took off the restraint around his neck and walked to the doorway to stand. Eric watched as the Kaddar held up a small boxy device and pressed a button. The chains keeping Eric prisoner snapped open and he stood up from the wheelchair as the Kaddar left the room closing the door. Eric rubbed his arms and stretched. Eric seeing a door in the wall went to it and opened it. He frowned seeing the bathroom with a toilet, a pedestal sink and a shower stall with a curved tub area sitting in the floor. Eric left the bathroom and paced then stood facing Ricky. 
Eric spoke “Ricky, I was forced by a Highlander to become Claws.” 
Eric noticing a confused look in his son’s face spoke “It’s true, Highlanders are all mind walkers, means they can read your thoughts you have in your head and they can control things with their mind walking powers.” 
He rubbed a covered hand on his face as Ricky watched him frowning. 
Eric continued “Remember when I was keeping vigil for Arielia before I left?"
Ricky nodded his head still frowning as Eric heard the bathroom door behind him open turned around to face Kurpanov who walked in the room with a glare on his face. 
Eric spoke “What are you doing here?”
Kurpanov, he saw, held up a pair of manacles from behind him with one clawed hand and pointed them to Eric while covering his mouth with his other clawed hand, shaking his head. 
Eric seeing the gestures and the manacles spoke “I speak what I want.” 
Kurpanov gestured to Ricky pointing with the manacles which got Eric growling out “You leave Ricky out of this.” 
Kurpanov removed his hand from his mouth and put a finger over it while waving the manacles. 
Eric continued “Fine.” 
He stood and watched as Kurpanov pointed the manacles to him then turned and entered the bathroom doorway disappearing in a flash of light. Eric growled and stormed into the bathroom. He pulled the open shower door closed and left the bathroom slamming the door. 
Eric went to the chair, grabbing it and pulled it close to the bed muttering to self “I know how to manipulate them. They can’t stop me.” 
He spoke out loud to his son as he sat down “Ricky, I’ll tell you what you want to know.”
Eric in a middle of saying that heard the door to the room opened and stood up looking to see Kurpanov arrive in the room growling. Eric changed his form to invisible as he walked forwards and heard his son’s gasp. Kurpanov growled some sound as a ball of lightening formed behind him in the open doorway. The Surrai grabbed Eric who appeared from his hidden state and threw him into the doorway. Eric found himself on the dirt ground and got up. 
He stood looking around facing the gates in the clearing with a glare and growled some sound while speaking “Ricky deserves to know the truth of what you did to me.” 
Eric turned around and entered the gate which flashed. He arrived out of the room where his son was prisoner to enter the Empress’ main room of the apartment. Eric looked with his eyes narrowed to see the Empress sitting on a couch with her hands on Ricky’s shoulders. Standing behind the two was Tikcanni with his arms folded and an oxygen mask still on his face attached to a large oxygen tank besides him. 
Eric growled out in Oceanan while turning in his hidden state “Get your hands off my son. You’re not corrupting him with your lies.”
Eric saw the open entrance doorway to the Empress’ quarters flashed as Kurpanov came walking through with a glare on his Human like face. He looked to see two other Surrai, he recognized to be Nemovsky and Yugadin appeared from the open doorways of the Empress’ bedrooms. The three Surrai charged at him in his hidden state appearing to see him hidden grabbing his form as he appeared in their grip. Eric struggled still growling as the Surrai carried him through an open doorway with a ball of lightening flashing in it. Eric jerked against their hold as the four arrived in the forest from the gate and carried him pass trees and bushes till they reached a thick tall tree and pushed his back to it. The tree’s roots came up from the earth to surround Eric pining him to the tree trunk. The Surrai abruptly left Eric walking away. 
Eric stewed growling then he yelled “You’re not getting away with what you did to me!”
Eric struggled against the tree roots which pinned him to the tree as night time arrived. 
He yelled “Stinking mind walkers always deceiving with their manipulations!”
Eric saw a Surrai which he recognized to be Kazak judging by Kurpanov's face seen but had long black hair instead of Kurpanov's blond hair came walking out of the bushes in sight to stand glaring at him. 
Eric howled some nonsense sound as Kazak advanced towards him growling out interrupting his howling “Your yelling is getting on my nerves. Shut up or I’ll foot your seat.” 
Eric growled in response glaring at Kazak and spoke “Free me and let me return to my world and you won’t have to hear me yell.”
Kazak snarled out “I don’t have the power to free you like Kurpanov does.” 
Eric narrowed his eyes recalling Kazak overheard introduced to the other Surrai as Kurpanov's offspring and spoke “You should have the power for you’re his son.”
Kazak asked “How can I be his son when he says that I have his face like a brother?”
Eric replied “My son has the same face as mine but has his mother’s eye color.”
Kazak stared at him with a glare and spoke “I’ll be back. I want to check this out for myself.” 
Eric watched as Kazak stormed away going into the bushes disappearing from sight. He wearily closed his eyes. 

Chapter twenty one
Eric jerked his head up opening his eyes in the daylight while feeling the roots around him let go of him falling towards the ground. He looked to see Kazak standing away from him with Kurpanov and his familiar escorts standing behind him. Eric frown standing in front of the tree as he saw Kurpanov’s face which had a neutral expression as the Surrai Leader stared at him. Kazak he noticed was looking at Kurpanov with a questioningly look on his face. 
Eric shifted his eyes towards Kurpanov who frowned and spoke “Well appears Kazak, my son has the power but it seems a little weak. A little work and maybe the power will get stronger.”
Eric frowned hearing Kurpanov’s words as the Surrai Leader continued “Eric, keep your mouth shut about being Night Eyes unless I order you to talk. Don’t talk to anyone except Surrai about being Night Eyes, for I’ll know about it.”
Eric growled loudly hearing Kurpanov’s words as Kurpanov added “Let’s get you, Eric to the gate. Your son needs you. Lead the way Kazak.”
Eric followed Kazak with Kurpanov and his escorts following them through the forest till they reach a clearing where metal gated arches sat. Eric saw Kazak gestured with a hand towards the gate and he walked through it. 

Eric appeared in the Empress’ guest bedroom from the open bathroom to see the Empress standing in the room. He narrowed his eyes growling and felt a weight holding him to the spot. The Empress he saw left the room slamming the door as Eric looked down to face the weight which was his son with arms around his waist, head on him. 
He heard his son speak “Dad you came back like they said you would.” 
Eric stared at Ricky who looked up at his face and yawned removing his arms. He took his son’s gloved hand and led him to the bed which Ricky got on it pulling the blanket over him. Eric sighed walking to a large stuffed chair in the corner of the room and sat sitting in it closing his eyes. He jerked sensing a headache of his mind being scanned and opened his eyes as the door to the room opened. Eric faded his form to invisible as a Kaddar, an Aquarian with a scratch mark on his cheek walked into the room pulling out his hand gun. Eric walked forwards unseen as the Kaddar walked up to Ricky while putting on a small barrel on the gun’s shooting end. Eric growled softly as he swatted the gun out of the Kaddar’s hand and threw a fist in the luckless Aquarian’s stomach. The Kaddar bent down groaning as Eric threw another fist into the male's face knocking him to the floor unconscious. Eric grabbed the Aquarian by the neck hauling him towards the door and threw the Kaddar out of the room. He slammed the door and turned the lights off with a flick of a switch. 
Eric heard Ricky speak “Dad?”
He stared at his son with night vision and spoke “Ricky, go to sleep.” 
His son who sat up laid down turning to his side. Eric went to the fallen gun and picked it up putting it on the desk then went to the stuffed chair to sit closing his eyes. 

Eric opened his eyes to sense light shining from the window on the wall besides him. He saw the door opened and stood up to face Tikcanni without an oxygen mask on his face who stared at him as Ricky sat up from the bed. Eric folded his arms as he sensed the familiar headache as Tikcanni scanned his mind then the Highlander picked up the gun from the desk and left the room.

Chapter twenty two
Eric stood in the cafeteria watching Brianna hugging Ricky he recalling Tikcanni coming back and ordering them both to come with him which he found himself freed of the chainmail gloves and then he and his son led out of the building to a vehicle that took them to the water ship he again scrutinizing it and not feeling impressed with the looks of it again despite seeing it fully as he found his original gloves in his pockets of his pants which he put on. He heard the sound of the cafeteria doors slam open and spun around to face Kurpanov who stood there with a glare on his Human face. Eric growled as Kurpanov pointed a clawed finger at him with his other hand shaking his ear. Then Kurpanov pointed towards the doorway and gestured.
Eric spoke “Brianna, they want to talk to me alone."
He left the room following Kurpanov and stood outside in the hallway with arms folded.
Kurpanov spoke “You have one of the colors of the sunset hair female hidden here, so reveal her.”
Eric snarled some sound while hearing Kurpanov’s words and spoke “I refuse to do that."
Kurpanov snarled out “I haven’t forgotten you clawing me on the chest with your claws and neither have my people. They haven’t retaliated against you for I haven’t given out the order."
Eric growled loudly as Kurpanov paused and then the Surrai leader continued speaking “My people will obey me without question. All I have to do is give them the order and they’ll do it. So reveal that hidden female."
Eric glared as Kurpanov walked away from him and went into one of the open bedroom doorways disappearing in a flash of light. Eric lowered his arms and stormed into the cafeteria banging open the doors. He noticed Brianna watching him with a questioning look on her face.
Eric angrily spoke “The needle syringe with the medicine for waking up Lana, where is it?"
Brianna spoke “In the first drawer of the dresser on your side of the bed in our sleeping quarters.” 
Eric spoke “Stay here with the others.” 
Eric stomped out of the cafeteria and walked to the bedroom shared with Brianna and went to the dresser slamming open the drawer with a bang. Inside the drawer sat in a clear box case was the small needle, large tubal syringe with clear liquid sloshing in it. Eric groaned feeling the familiar headache as he felt his mind being scanned. He sat on the bed with his gloved hands on his head as he felt his anger leave him. Eric stood up from the bed and grabbed out the capped syringe putting it in his pocket. He left the bedroom walking down the hallway towards the stairs and took his time walking down them. Reaching the end of the stairs he went to the door putting a gloved hand on the monitor next to it. The door slid opened as he walked inside walking passed monitors silent till he reached two beeping on both sides. Eric went to the one on his right and pressed a button. The monitor slid forwards revealing a large tube with a female with red orange hair wearing a jumpsuit. Eric groaned as he recognized Lana lying inside the tube. He sighed as he took off one of his gloves putting the glove in his pocket and went to the monitor on the wall touching it with his bare hand. The glass part of the tube slid open on the side with a hiss of air. He pulled out from another pocket the capped syringe yanking off the cap part covering the small needle. With a groan Eric picked up Lana’s right arm pulling back the sleeve and pushed the needle in her arm watching as the syringe’s contents went into her. Once the syringe was empty he took the needle out and put the cap back on placing it at the foot of the tube bed and put his glove back on his bare hand. He stared at Lana with a frown on his face watching her as she shook her head while hearing a moaning sound come from his sister. Eric groaned inwardly as Lana opened her blue eyes looking around with a gasp. He stiffened as her eyes fell on him standing next to the opened tube she was lying on. Eric stared at Lana as she slowly sat up looking at him while coughing. He cautiously laid a hand on her shoulder as she coughed. Eric saw Lana put a hand on his and felt her squeezed his hand as she stopped her coughing.
Groaning Lana gasped out “Eric?”
Eric spoke “Yes, it’s me, Eric.” 
He stared at his sister who spoke “Where’s Dad?”
Eric spoke “I need to show you something.”
He helped her off the tube which went back into the wall. Lana kept her arm around his taller than her form as they went to a monitor on the other wall which he pressed a button. The monitor slid forwards showing a large tube with Kossman inside. Eric heard Lana gasped seeing their father lying in the tube. She let go of him and leaned onto the see through partition of the tube, holding their father inside. 
Lana spoke “What happened to him? I’m told that the tubes are for people who died.” 
Eric groaned out “I’m sorry Lana, I killed him.” 
He bowed his head putting his gloved hands on his face avoiding looking at her. 
Eric heard her speak “Eric.” 
He spoke “There’s a lot for me to tell you on what happened while you were out.”
Eric groaned as he felt his sister’s hand on his shoulder and kept his hands covering his face. 
He heard Lana speak “It’s alright Eric. Merra a giant sentient mind walking plant that lives on the ocean during the day while going underwater to the bottom during nighttime, too many distances away from here has been keeping me informed of what has been happening while I was out.” 
Eric lowered his hands to stare at Lana who added “Merra has been talking to me mentally while I was in the tube telling me things keeping me informed.” 
Eric groaned as Lana hugged him while rubbing hands on his back. 
Lana spoke as she let go of him “Could you take me to the others?”
Eric sighed as the tube went back into the wall and he led the way towards the door which opened. He kept his mouth shut as Lana followed him walking up the stairs till they reached the tan hallway that housed the Hybrids’ sleeping quarters and the cafeteria. Eric heard Lana speak as they walked down the hallway “I’ve been having dreams of a man wearing some kind of black pants and black hair pulled back. He has your eyes and clawed hands. Merra tells me that he’s my mate.”
Eric growled hearing the words. They both looked to see a flash of light from one of the open doors on their right and saw the Surrai Leader, Kurpanov walk out with arms folded. 
Eric growled seeing Kurpanov as Lana spoke “The man looks like him but with a different face and has your color hair.” 
Kurpanov nodded his head, turned and walked through the doorway disappearing in a flash of light. He didn’t comment a response as he and Lana went inside the cafeteria which he stood watching his sister go to his sisters to talk to them. Eric stood watching Lana talking to Ionela and Arielia with a frown. He heard the double doors open and looked to see a Shadonian male walk in. 
He heard Lana exclaim “Oh!”
The Shadonian spoke in Basic “You talk in Basic, Eric, hmm?"
Eric spoke the same language “Yes I get it your words.” 
The Shadonian spoke “Ambassador Nalon wants you in his office.” 
Eric heard Brianna speak “I heard.” 
He turned towards her and spoke “I’ll be back.” 
Eric left the room with the Shadonian following him. Reaching the outer deck hallway that housed Nalon’s office he saw Teorjer standing in the hallway with arms folded. 
Teorjer spoke “You can’t hide forever.” 
Eric stared at Teorjer who walked away and entered the office to face Ambassador Nalon sitting at the desk with two guards behind him with Tikcanni and an Aquarian guard standing in front of the desk to his surprise. Aiden he noticed stood at the side of the desk staring at him. 
Eric spoke in Basic “Ambassador Nalon?”
Ambassador Nalon in response held up a device which Eric recognized to be a recorder and pressed a button. The device projected which Eric turned around to watch the scene with confusion showing a scene of four Kaddar guards attacking Emperor Palin and a taller male he recognized to be a Ranian by hitting them with the back of their heads by their hand guns who kneeled and saw the guards jabbing some syringe needle into a female Highlander's neck who hit the ground appearing to be unconscious and saw them depose her body onto some box which covered it. He saw the Kaddar haul Emperor Palin and the Ranian both acting dizzy up the gangplank. 
He frowned staring at the projection with confusion and spoke with confusion in his voice “Ambassador, get to the point.” 
Ambassador Nalon flicked a button on the scene which showed an over head view of Eric himself pacing on a deck in front of the gangplank which he recognized was his vigil for Arielia’s return. The view showed himself turning invisible and then focused onto the area as four Kaddar appeared into view from walking up the gangplank hauling Emperor Palin and the Ranian male with camera still focused onto the area.
The projector turned off as Eric turned to face Ambassador Nalon who spoke “The scene you saw is of Oceana’s Kaddar guards attacking Rania’s President Tikcovsky and Oceana’s Emperor Pavel Palin including poisoning his mate Empress Oksanisa Meduna-Palina while placing her body hiding it which you witnessed.”
Tikcanni spoke “The disappearance of Empress Meduna-Palina has been pointed towards the Humans as the responsible party which this proves them not.”
Eric jerked growling loudly as he felt the rages arrived spilling through out him and turned his back to the group. 
He through the anger barely heard Tikcanni speak “Stay still, Eric will attack anything that moves.” 
Eric brought his gloved hands to his face as a memory arrived. In it he was Claws entered a dark room that had a massive canopy bed. Claws blinked eyes seeing a lamp turn on and a figure getting up. Eric recognized the figure getting up from the bed as Emperor Palin. Claws charged at Emperor Palin who stared at him with an intense look. Eric jerked as he recalled standing on the outer deck of the ship as four Kaddar all Aquarians arrived walking on the gangplank hauling an awaken Emperor Palin and the Ranians' Presidential leader who was awake shaking his head. The memory changed back to the Emperor Palin’s bedroom as Claws grabbed the Emperor by the neck growling. 
The Emperor spoke in a compelling voice “Find the Aquarians who did this and mark them visibly.” 
Claws let go of the Emperor and walked away going through an open doorway with a flash of light. Eric growled as the memory changed to show again him as Claws climbing on the ceiling in round tube hallways with windows on the sides showing blueness of colorful plants moving in a rhythm. He dropped down landing on the ground in front of two Kaddar both Aquarians standing in front of a door charging at them. They were slow to pull out their guns as he punched them both in the stomach and punched one in the head. Both went down as Claws grabbed the awaken one by the neck and put a hand on top of the Aquarian’s head as if making a gesture to kill him by neck snapping. 
The Aquarian babbled “I killed the Empress Meduna-Palina by poisoning her and deposed her body.”
Claws brought his hand down from the Aquarian’s head and scratched him on the cheek with his clawed hand leaving three scratch marks scarring him. 
Claws dropped the Aquarian and went to the other Aquarian lying unconscious which the first Aquarian shouted “No, don’t kill my brother Linos! All he did was knocked the Emperor on the head with his gun!”
Claws picked up Linos and with a finger scratched him on the cheek. Then Claws kicked open the door and disappeared through it in a flash of light. 

Eric back in the room growled loudly. He lowered his hands as anger coursed throughout him. Eric looked around the room turning around unseeing the people standing there watching him from their positions. He closed his eyes and opened them to see Tikcanni with a Kaddar an Aquarian standing next to the Highlander. The Aquarian had a scratch mark on his cheek which Eric saw and roared loudly. He walked forwards grabbing the chair sitting in front of the Kaddar guard and threw it towards the wall. The chair shattered on impact as Eric charged at the Kaddar guard throwing a fist in his stomach. The Kaddar bent down groaning in pain as Eric brought another fist in his face knocking him towards the floor. The Kaddar landed on his back and lay unconscious. Eric kneeled on one knee and brought his fist repeatedly onto the Aquarian’s front not caring where the fist landed. Satisfied he felt his anger leave him and stood up to face Tikcanni while putting a hand on the Highlander’s neck. Eric narrowed his eyes as he felt the familiar headache as Tikcanni scanned his mind with the memories of what he remembered fully in his mind. 
He let go of Tikcanni’s neck as he felt his mind scanned stopped who spoke “It’s safe to move now.”
He didn't comment a response eyed Tikcanni who added "Anything else Eric can do for you Ambassador? I like him to leave for I wish to discuss something in private without him hearing. Besides he has proven to be fluent in Oceana's main language of Oceanan due to speaking it in front of me repeatedly hence I insisting he leave." 
He spoke hearing nothing from the Ambassador "Good day Tikcanni." 
He left the room. 

Chapter twenty three
Eric walked into his father’s room with a frown on his face. 
He stood looking around and heard a step behind him and turned around to face Lana who spoke “Brianna tells me that father has tapes in the second drawer of the dresser next to the bed.”
Eric walked towards the dresser and opened the drawer to see rows of tapes and sitting next to it was a DVD tape with a tape recording device on it. 
Eric saw lying on top of the tapes was an envelope with the words “Eric, listen first.”
He picked up the envelope and pulled out a note with a tape and read the note which said “Eric listen to the tape then watch the DVD.” 
He took out the tape recorder putting the tape in it and pressed a button. 
Eric heard his father’s voice speaking with a sad tone “Tape entry thirty I remember Anya carrying Eric for nine months which is normal for a Human. She went into labor for three days before birthing Eric. Anya was in such terrible pain that none of the medicines that the doctors gave her helped her with her suffering. I could hear her screaming and tried to comfort her, the best I could. The doctors tried to put her to sleep to take Eric out surgically. Her body wouldn’t go to sleep for none of the medicines worked and she was forced to endure the pain. After Eric was born Anya refused to hold him. She would not have anything to do with Eric. She would not care for Eric or show any affection towards him. Anya would only care for Eric whenever Alexei ordered her.”
Eric shut off the recorder and put it onto the dresser growling loudly. He closed his eyes fisting his gloved hands and barely felt Lana from behind put her arms around him holding his arms to the sides as a memory arrived in his mind’s eye. In the memory he was younger walking besides his mother barely reaching her waist and a grey haired Alexei Zesky into a small all white room with a bed. His mother yanked offs the hospital gown he was wearing showing his nakedness. There was a camera device on a stand in front of the bed. There was a big box with beeping lights behind the bed with numerous wires attached to it and there were needles at the ends. Three persons all covered up in medical scrubs stood in the room watching them. His mother stood to the side talking to Alexei as he went to sit on the bed and was grabbed by a medic who pinned his arms to the sides. The other two medics started jabbing his body painfully injecting him with needles. 
Eric cried out repeating the words several times “Mommy it hurts!”
His mother looked at him with an angry look on her face while putting fingers in her ears and left the room followed by Alexei. Eric could see that there was a window to the room and behind it peering in was his father holding a young child wearing a green dress of a female with a mop of red orange hair on her head. His father’s face was bare of facial hair had a pained look on his face. His mother walked up to his father and hugged him kissing him on the cheek then she took the child he assumed was Lana from his arms kissing her forehead. The medics at the moment stopped their painful jabbing and left Eric sitting on the bed crying tears with the needles still stuck in him. He saw his mother walk away out of the window’s sight and saw Alexei looking furious move his mouth while pointing a finger in his direction aimed at the window. His mother he saw walked back into the window view and handed his father Lana who both walked out of the view. Alexei he saw turned to face the room from watching behind the window as his mother entered the room with a glare on her face. 
She walked up to him and sat on the bed holding him speaking in a angry tone “Eric it’s alright”
Eric stopped his crying and began growling at her. 
She spoke again still in the angry tone “Eric, I said it’s alright and stop that.”
He swiped her on the cheek and proceeded to scratch her several times on her face, with his claws. 
She let go of him and got up from the bed shouting “Eric scratched me with his claws!”
The medics he saw in the room ran to her, and one pushed the camera to face down as she fell towards the floor appearing to look like she was succumbing to his poison. Eric could see Alexei looking at the scene with an intense angry look on his face. 

Eric fisted his gloved hands and roared growling loudly. He opened his angry eyes blindly looking around in the whiteness, the room and walked a step forwards barely feeling Lana holding him. Eric saw blue movement of a figure and charged pulling Lana towards the figure with his hands flexing. He grabbed the figure by the arms and then blinked his eyes to see that the figure was Brianna with worry on her face. She put her hands on his cheeks rubbing them as Eric closed his eyes willing himself to calm. 
He heard Lana speak as she let go of him “Eric was listening to a tape father left for him when he got the rages.” 
Eric groaned as Brianna spoke “Eric, are you alright?”
He shook his head in a no gesture and Brianna continued “Eric please finish listening to the tape.”
Eric groaned some sound opening his eyes to stare at Brianna who stopped rubbing his cheeks to pull him towards the bed. He sat and watched her take the recorder off the dresser and handed it to him then sat on the bed at his right side with an arm around his shoulders. Eric felt the bed move as Lana he sensed sat down on the bed sitting next to his left side. 
He pressed a button continuing the tape which paused then continued with his father’s voice still speaking with the sad tone “After Anya died Alexei gave me the recording of Eric scratching her which took me a long time before I could get the nerve to watch. I watched the recording with disbelief. The contents showed what said by Alexei that Eric caused Anya’s death out of anger rebelling against authority. I thought differently thinking her death was due to his angry rages but after seeing his behavior towards Brianna, I changed my thinking. I watched the tape again and realized what was really going on. Eric was aware of Anya’s rejection behavior towards him and wanted affection his mother would not give him. He got angry at her and lashed out the only way he could which was scratching her on the face with his claws. Anya was given medicines which prolonged her life for a few days before she went into a coma. She taken off life support as the venom was discovered in her system destroying her body from within. Before Anya went into a coma, she told me she was sorry that she couldn’t properly care for Eric or give him the affection he wanted. Anya also told me not to blame Eric for her death. I’m still upset that Anya showed Eric no affection which she paid for her life.”
The recorder paused as Eric felt Brianna rubbing a hand on his cheek and felt Lana wrapped an arm around his arm. 
He stared at the recorder as his father’s voice added speaking “Eric, if your listening to this, it means I am already dead. Please play the DVD recording and you’ll understand what I’m talking about.” 
The tape ended with a whining sound. Eric pressed a button on the recorder and handed Brianna the recorder while getting up from the bed. He went to the dresser pulling out the tape and went to the TV sitting on a stand with the DVD player next it. He flicked on the TV and turned on the DVD player before putting in the tape. Eric stood watching the scene which was like in his memory showing a white bed then himself with no clothes on walking in the view to sit on the bed. He in the recording was grabbed by a person covered up in medical scrubs as two others injected him with needles. 
Eric stared with a frown listening to his younger self cry out several times “Mommy it hurts!”
He watched as the medics left himself who looked at his right then cried tears rubbing his eyes with his clawed hands. The scene showed his mother walking in the view to sit on the bed holding him. 
She spoke in an angry voice tone “Eric it’s alright.”
Eric narrowed his eyes seeing himself stopped crying and saw himself began growling loudly which his mother spoke again still in the angry voice “Eric, I said it’s alright and stop that.”
He saw himself swiped her on the cheek and proceeded to scratch her several times on her face, with his claws. 
His mother let go of Eric and got up from the bed shouting “Eric scratched me with his claws!”
The TV view went down facing the white floor and went blue then changed to show a white haired Alexei Zesky sitting in a chair behind a desk with a sad look on his face. 
He spoke “Eric, you’re probably watching this and I have something to tell you. I was watching you as your mother sat with you. I could see anger in your face when you scratched her on the face. I thought you were rebelling against authority. I had you contained as a result fearing that you would lash out and kill an innocent person while rebelling against authority after it was discovered that your hands gave up venomous poison from scratching people on the skin. I realized that this rebelling attitude wasn’t the case after hearing Brianna tell me how you acted towards her that there was a reason you scratched your mother. I had to be sure by seeing your behavior towards Brianna while you were having one of your angry rages. I know now that you were aware of your mother not giving you any affection which is what you wanted. After Anya was taken away you started your angry rages which you seemed to have problems controlling and started attacking people with your claws. I had you put in prison along with the Hybrids keeping you away from the population.”
Eric watched as Alexei paused to lean and pull a picture frame which he turned to face the camera. He stiffened seeing the picture was of a head shot of a young woman appearing to be a teenager with pale blonde hair who was smiling. 
Eric frowned as Alexei continued speaking “This picture is of my granddaughter Lisha who I value was one of the victims along with Sue a Human who was put in the Hybrids' prison while infected with a virus from a Hybrid named Kurt. The government ordered me in very strict terms to put the Hybrids to death but you saved yourself and your sisters by scratching Sue on the arm. The venom killed off the virus and the antidote which is blood from your sisters Ionela and Arielia combined together proved you three worthy to live.”
Eric stared at the TV screen as Alexei stopped talking to put down the picture frame. 
Alexei added “I’m sorry, Eric, about you getting punished, forced to be contained when you didn’t want to. Please understand that you were having uncontrollable angry rages and were lashing out attacking people. There was nothing in the world at that moment that could stop those angry rages. Believe me I’ve had you on all kinds of tests to stop them which nothing worked. I had Brianna, put in your cell during one of your angry rages to see how you would react towards her. I saw your behavior towards Brianna that your affection towards her kept you from harming her even when having an angry rage. I just hope you’ll understand why I had to do what I did, Eric.” 

The TV's screen went blue as the tape ended. Eric stood staring at the screen and felt hands on his left arm. He looked at Lana who rubbed his arm as Brianna stood in front of him. Eric exhaled air staring at Brianna who walked forwards putting her hands on his chest as he wrapped a free arm on her form hugging her. He felt her hands on his chest rubbing as she laid her head on his shoulder.

Chapter twenty four 
Eric sat on a bench watching nearby his children playing with his niece and nephew. He stared at them and felt Brianna sat down next to him on the bench. Eric stood up and walked towards his children. He groaned closing his eyes as he felt the rages arrive and fisted his gloved hands. Eric roared as the anger billowed through out him. He angrily opened his eyes unseeing the room and saw dark blue figures surrounded by whiteness moving in his line of sight which he charged while blindly grabbing a chair. A tall dark blue figure ran into his line of sight to stand blocking his way as he held the chair. Eric raised the chair aiming it at the figure as he heard a voice speak a word. 
The voice spoke “Eric.” 
Eric blinked his eyes as the anger left him to see Brianna standing in front of him with a fearful expression on her face while he held the chair. He looked to see the children sitting behind her while holding each other with fear looks on their faces. Eric dropped the chair and ran out of the cafeteria towards his bedroom shared with Brianna. Inside he yanked off his sweatshirt top. Eric stiffened feeling a hand touch his bare back which he turned around to face Brianna who looked at him. 
He kneeled with head down as he spoke “Brianna, I can’t take this anymore.”
He felt Brianna rubbing hands on his head as he added speaking while not looking at her “Please put me in a tube, Brianna. I can’t take the rages anymore. I nearly hurt you with the chair and scared the children.” 
Eric groaned as Brianna without a word went to the door grabbing the “Do Not Disturb” sign off the hook from the back of it. He barely saw her place the sign on the doorknob outside and closed the door locking it. Eric raised his head, as out of the corners of his eyes Brianna stripped of herself of all of her clothing and went to his kneeling form. He felt Brianna put hands on his cheeks rubbing them which were followed by her kissing him on the lips. Eric moved his head to the side breaking off the kiss and felt her pull him up to a standing position. He didn’t protest as she stripped him of his shoes and the remainder of his clothing omitting his gloved hands leaving them on then led him towards the bed. Eric sighed as she removed the blankets and his form was pulled on top of her lying on the bed. He entered her as she wrapped her legs around his seat with her hands on the back of his neck. Eric stared at her face looking at her in the eyes as she looked back at him while they moved in rhythm. His hands were underneath her back which automatically flexed digging into the sheet covered mattress. He forced his eyes shut as the rages arrived and growled loudly keeping his form still as she moved underneath him.
Eric heard her speak as she tightened her hold holding him “Don’t fight it, Eric.” 
He jerked as memories of his time while contained in the ship in waking up in a padded room due to some vibrations of shaking all over including knocking him out by smoke billowing into the room including waked by Kossman and what happened after that omitting his time as Claws partially piled into his mind while spilling himself inside her. Eric opened his eyes and roared growling as Brianna kept him on top of her with her legs pinning him on his seat and put her arms around his neck. He stared at Brianna unseeing and shut his eyes as he felt her lips touch his kissing him which took away his rage episode. 
Eric broke off the kiss by moving his head while speaking “Brianna, I remember now. I remember everything.” 
He felt Brianna remove her arms from around his neck as she put her hands on his cheeks rubbing them. 
Eric opened his eyes to look at her in the eyes as she spoke “It’s alright, Eric.” 
He twisted their forms till he was lying on the bed and adjusted her position till she was lying at his side. Eric pulled the blankets covering him and Brianna while settling it on his chest as she laid her head on his shoulder. He moaned some sound feeling Brianna put her hand on his chest rubbing the muscles while he held her in a hug with his arms.

Chapter twenty five 
Eric walked into the cafeteria with Brianna. He saw Teorjer standing in the room with arms folded. 
Teorjer walked up to Eric and spoke “Eric, Empress Palina-Borsova is holding a press conference in front of this place now. She is announcing that the Kaddar who hurt Emperor Palin, killed his mate and hurt Rania’s President have been found and arrested. I suggest you go out there and admit that you witness the attack.” 
Eric folded his arms with a glare on his face and spoke “I refused to do that.” 
Teorjer lowered his arms and spoke “Merra admitted to me, after hearing repeated begging from Brianna told her how to help you restore your memories which she tells me they have been restored. Merra wants payment for that which the price is, you going out there showing yourself and admitting what you saw.”
Eric growled loudly as he heard Brianna speak “Eric, he’s telling the truth. Lana told me about Merra who I asked repeatedly how to help you get your memories back.”
Eric looked at Brianna with a glare as she continued speaking “It hurt me to see you suffer from not remembering things and appearing to only remember them via rages of angry episodes. I wanted my Eric back and was willing to pay any price for this.”
Eric lowered his arms as she went to him putting her hands on his chest while staring at his averted face. He groaned feeling her rub his chest over the fabric of his shirt top and looked at her in the eyes which were full of affection for him. 
Eric heard Teorjer speak “I suggest you go now.”
He stepped back from Brianna giving Teorjer a glare and walked out of the room slamming the doors with banged behind him. Eric walked a maze of hallways and stairwells till he reached the gangplank towards the land deck where the Empress stood in front of a microphone he assumed it was. He took off his gloves putting them in the pockets of the pants. He saw in front of the Empress with backs facing her were four kneeling Kaddar all Aquarians with hands tied behind their backs facing a group of people with flashing devices in their hands. Eric could see a group of Kaddar guards who stood on the sides with guns in their hands eyes glaring at the tied Aquarians from the looks of them appearing to be aimed at them. Eric walked down the gangplank towards Aiden standing off the Empress side with Tikcanni standing on her other side with arms folded. Eric reached Aiden who gave a double take look when he saw him. Eric stood next to Aiden hearing the Empress speak words in an unfamiliar language amplified. 
The Empress paused in her talk as Eric spoke to Aiden in Hybrid language “Aiden translate, I saw what happened.”
He heard Aiden loudly speak in a foreign language and flinched as one of the flashing devices went off in his direction. 
Eric saw the Empress turned to stare at him while speaking words which he heard Aiden say “Says why you couldn’t say something earlier?”
Eric replied as Aiden spoke his words in foreign language “I’ve been hiding and didn’t want to reveal myself.” 
The Empress spoke which Aiden said “Says what species are you?”
Eric spoke “I’m partly human while other parts of me are not.” 
The Empress he saw frowned visibly then moved her mouth as Aiden told Eric “Say your parents, what happened to them?”
Eric narrowed his eyes and spoke “My mother died when I was young while Claws killed my father. I don’t want to talk more about this.” 
He saw the Empress opened her mouth then closed it as he noticed a medic, a monarch walked forwards towards him speaking words which he looked at Aiden. 
Aiden spoke “Says I’m aware of your poisonous claws. I wish to take a sample from your fingers for testing with your permission.”
Eric spoke “You have my permission.” 
The medic pulled out a needle syringe from his pocket as he went to stand in front of Eric who held up a clawed hand. Eric didn’t flinch as the medic injected the needle in the tip of his pointer finger. He watched as the syringe filled up with his venom then the medic took the needle out capping it. 
Eric lowered his arms speaking “Empress, I apologize for what happened to Emperor Palin.” 
He heard Aiden repeat his words in foreign language then he turned and walked up the gangplank leaving the group. Eric went to the cafeteria to see the adults sitting around chatting as Arielia and Brent were signing to each other. Talk went silent as hand signs stopped when the adults saw him. Eric looked at the children sitting in the corner watching him with fear looks on their faces. He frowned and saw Brianna get up from her seat walking towards him. Eric stood watching Brianna reach him to stand in front of him. He sighed as she put her hands on his chest rubbing them and he wrapped his arms around her in a hug. 
Eric spoke “Brianna, what’s going on?”
He stared at her face looking in her averted eyes as she frowned. 
Eric spoke again “Brianna, I’m your mate. Don’t keep secrets from me.” 
Brianna spoke “I’m sorry, Eric.” 
He stared at her as she laid her head on his shoulder while moving her hands to grip him in a hug. 
He heard the doors to the cafeteria open as Teorjer he saw walked into the room. 
Eric glared at Teorjer as the man spoke “You’re wanted in Ambassador Nalon’s office.” 
He felt Brianna let go of him still not meeting his eyes. Eric sighed and walked out of the cafeteria to Ambassador Nalon’s office. Eric reaching the room walked into Ambassador Nalon’s office to see Tikcanni standing with a Highlander guard to his surprise. Eric looked at Ambassador Nalon sitting at the desk with two Shadonian guards standing behind him as Aiden he sensed went to stand behind him. 
Ambassador Nalon spoke in Basic while holding up a device “Something we got from Brianna, I want to show you.” 
Eric frowned hearing Brianna’s name as Nalon pressed a button to the video projector device and turned to watch the contents. He narrowed his eyes seeing the projection showing an overhead view of Emperor Palin walking in a hallway. He saw Ricky bare handed with mittens hanging by string on his wrists come out of one of the doorways to stand in front of Palin. 
The Emperor spoke while kneeling in front of Ricky speaking in Hybrid language “I’m Emperor Palin, who you are?”
Ricky, Eric watched reached a hand and scratched Palin with a finger on the right cheek who groaned loudly falling towards the floor. 
Eric stared as the view showed him coming out of a doorway running towards Palin and kneeled next to him while speaking “Ricky, the antidote.”
He saw Palin on the floor grabbed him by the shirt yelling “No antidote, I’ll be with her again!”
Eric saw himself stare at Palin who let go of him groaning. 
He heard Ricky speak “I heard you say that you wanted Emperor Palin dead and I did what you wanted.”  
He heard himself respond “Ricky, go to the cafeteria while I handle him.” 
Ricky on the projector ran out of view as he watched his son leave. Then he saw himself turn his head towards Palin and with a finger violently scratched the Emperor on the right cheek who groaned loudly before closing his eyes and laying still. 
Eric kept his eyes narrowed seeing he stands up speaking “Manipulator and deceiver.”
The projector turned off as Eric with narrowed eyes turned to face Tikcanni fisting his gloved hands as he spoke “Manipulator and deceiver.” 
Eric glared at Tikcanni as Aiden’s arms abruptly went around him holding his arms to the sides. He jerked against Aiden’s grip growling loudly as he saw Tikcanni take off his gloves while walking forwards towards him. Eric shook his head feeling the familiar headache as his mind was scanned followed by Tikcanni placing his hands on his head.
Eric feeling the headache felt more painful yelled out in an angry tone “Manipulator and deceiver!”
He struggled moving his head gripped by Tikcanni’s hands as he felt the rages arrived and roared. Eric felt Tikcanni let go of his head followed by a familiar stinging prick of pain as something was injected in his neck and he shook his head feeling the familiar feeling of sleepiness arrive putting him to unconscious.

Eric groaned feeling a familiar headache as his mind was scanned while feeling something rubbing his cheek waking him up from the depths of sleep. He shook his head in confusion to feel his face and body touching a familiar gated fence as the hand stopped rubbing his cheek leaving his face. Eric moved his arms which were above his head tightly wrapped in chains he could feel were attached to the fence. He felt his shirt was off and he was bare from the waist up. Eric forced open his eyes to stare from a large spot light shining above him behind the fence was Brianna who had a sad look on her face. He could see Tikcanni standing next to her with his arms folded. Eric felt the headache leave him as Tikcanni looked at Brianna. 
He heard Tikcanni speak “Brianna, he’s awake. We set the machine at number fifteen to whip him but you give the order on when to start.”
Eric spoke in an angry tone “Manipulator and deceiver.”
He saw Brianna stare at him and she spoke “Start the machine.”
Eric jerked as he felt the whip hit him hard bringing pain hitting him on the back repeatedly. Eric groaned jerking against the chains holding him shaking from the pain and the repeated whippings as Brianna stood watching him. 
He yelled out repeatedly screaming “Brianna!” 
Eric during his screaming her name saw Brianna turn around running out of the spotlight into the darkness. He tugged on the chains holding him feeling the whip hit his back as tears spilled from his eyes falling down his face. Eric felt the whipping stop as an object cover the lower half of his face bringing air into his mouth and nose which he breathed falling unconscious. 

Eric woke up feeling his arms wrapped in cloth pulled back in an arm cross position restraining him. He shook his head to find himself sitting with his back that ached against a familiar wall in the padded room. He looked down at himself to see that he was wearing white pants with nothing on his feet. Eric looked around to see the door to the cell which was a small window open to show Brianna walk in holding a tray with a bowl and a drink bottle on top of it. His eyes narrowed glaring at her as she carried the tray and set it on his lap. 
Eric angrily spoke “Manipulator and deceiver.” 
He heard her sigh as she took the bowl and picked up a fork putting food on it and brought the fork to his lips. 
Eric jerked his head away as he heard her speak in a begging tone “Eric, please eat."
He brought his head towards the fork and let her feed him as he stared at her face. Eric could see that her eyes were swollen red and she was sniffing as tears fell from her eyes. Once done with the food, he watched her put the bowl back on the tray and picked up the drink bottle which she brought the tube to his lips. Eric sucked on the liquid drinking as Brianna wiped her eyes with a hand. He finished the drink and spat out the tube and watched as Brianna placed the drink bottle back on the tray which she picked up off his lap. Eric saw her look at him with a sad look as she gave backward glances while walking towards the door. 
He spoke with an angry tone “Manipulator and deceiver.” 
Eric saw Brianna stiffened and turn around speaking “I want my Eric back and not him like this.” 
Eric growled hearing her words and he spoke again “Manipulator and deceiver.” 
He watched as the door to the room opened and Brianna left the room with the door closing behind her. Eric growled loudly as he closed his eyes with his head down. He jerked his head as he felt hands touch his head followed by the headache and groaned loudly as he saw in his mind a Highlander with short black hair walking down a hallway with doors on both sides. Some of the doors were open and some were closed. The Highlander walked till he reached the end of the hallway where there was a closed door and Kurpanov stood in front of the door. Eric heard a sound of roaring and saw Kurpanov faded as the Highlander charged at the door and jumped smashing it open with his feet in an acrobatic move. Closed doors in the hallway abruptly opened showing white smoke. The hands touching his head left him as Eric forced open his eyes feeling hands touching his cheeks rubbing them. He stared at Brianna with an affection look in his eyes as she leaned forwards wrapping arms around his head. Eric sighed as she let go to continue rubbing her hands on his cheeks. 
He saw the Highlander who spoke words and heard Hades standing behind Brianna speaks “Says I apologize for what I did to you, Eric.” 
Eric sighed again as the Highlander helped Brianna help him stand up. He stood as the Highlander undid the ties to the cloth restraint helping him take it off showing his bare upper body from the waist and his hands clad in their gloves. He looked to see the door open as Ricky and Cassie came walking in. They ran to him and reaching him, gripped him by their arms around his waist. Eric sighed feeling his children hug him as Brianna wrapped her arms around his chest from behind him. He felt her lean her head on his bare back which he sighed feeling from her touch. He didn't complain as his children pulled him from the room with Brianna releasing him sensed following. Eric kept his mouth shut as his children got him to his bedroom and insisted that he get into bed asleep which he obeyed opening his eyes once alone recalling the recorder deleting showing him scratching Emperor Palin and Brianna apologizing to him not looking at him in the eyes before he left to Nalon's office which the Shadonian claimed he got the recording from Brianna showing the deleted recording scene fully. Eric fisted his hands feeling his mood become bad as he forced himself up from bed and stormed out of the bedroom to the familiar picture frame where the hidden TV monitors were. 
He yanked it off and eyed the monitors to find them not flashing scenes instead saw one had the red words "Backup to deleted file accessed."
He growled an angry sound and stuck the picture back on and stormed to his bedroom slamming the door to pace seemingly lengthy over and over till he heard the door to the room open which he looked with a narrowed eyed glare to see Brianna enter the room that frowned after shutting the door. 
He spoke sounding angry stopping from walking "Traitorous woman! You betrayed me! I ought to kill you for that betrayal!"
Eric folded his arms and cut himself off giving her a glare who spoke sounding firm "The medics pointed out to the Empress who pointed out to me via Tikcanni visiting privately that there were two kinds of finger sized scratch marks on the Emperor's face indicated him dead by poisoning. They tested his body system and found two kinds of poison in him one that was more deadly enough to kill him in a short time while the other poison was low level enough to keep him alive to get the antidote." 
Eric kept his mouth shut while glaring at Brianna who didn't flinch from the glare instead walked up to him to stand in front of him still speaking "The medics had Ricky give a sample of his poison while he was underneath Oceana's care which they pointed out to me wasn't deadly enough to kill Emperor Palin hence suspicion fell onto you due to you being his father and our son appearing to inherited his clawed poisonous hands from you known to have them."
He kept his arms folded as Brianna put a hand on his folded left arm he not flinching from the touch as she continued talking "Tikcanni told me of the medics' results of Ricky's poison. I went to find out if there was a recording showing you doing the killing which I discovered was set at a deleted status managed to get a back up version of the scene showing you doing the deed which I gave to one of the Shadonia on a chance meeting in another hallway to give to Ambassador Nalon who showed it to you." 
He removed Brianna's hand after unfolding his arms and turned sideways refolding his arms glaring at the wall feeling his mood still angry and didn't complain as Brianna got in front of him yanking his arms from their positions and hugged him tightly hands on his back rubbing, her head on his shoulder he sighing loudly shocking him from her hugging him status calming him down from his angry mood. Eric sighed again loudly and as if compelled put hands on her back gently rubbing as he shut his eyes to feel her adjust her hold to put hands on his chest rubbing in a gentle rhythm between his nipples' area. He sighed from her hands' manipulations and didn't complain as Brianna's hands moved to his cheeks which he felt her lips touching his he kissed her back in response due to feeling like doing it which the kiss was seemingly lengthy he not willing to break it off. He felt Brianna to his regret break off the kiss to put arms around him again in a hug her head again on his shoulder while hearing her speak sounding firm "Eric, I'll do what it takes to keep you alive despite you pointed out as the one responsible for the death of Emperor Palin. I don't care how that'll happen for I'll see to that your kept alive period."
He sighed in response feeling himself agreeing with her words hugged her tight in a response and kept up the hug thinking to himself "I agree I'll do what it takes to keep me alive period."
He heard nothing in response to his thoughts as he kept his hold onto Brianna seemingly lengthy till she broke off the hug and got out of his arms going into the bathroom which he sighed and went back to bed getting inside putting the blankets up to his chest and eyed the ceiling lengthy to feel Brianna get into bed with him by the familiar vibrations felt and felt her head on his chest after the lamp went out and sensed her asleep from her still breathing form felt. He wrapped arms around her and shut his eyes passing out unconscious.

Chapter twenty six
Eric sat eating his food as he saw Brent across from the table wave a hand and looked at him. 
Brent signed “Do you know what happens to you during your rages?”
Eric put down the fork finished with his food and signed using his hands and speaking with his voice as the others at the table sat listening he assumed by them appearing to look at him “I remember the rages makes my eyes sight not clear as the way I see now. All I see is whiteness with figures appearing as distorted dark blue images. I find that I seemed to attack people by their movements so stay still if I have the rages.” 
He picked up his drink bottle drinking as conversation around him resumed. He saw the children get up walking towards the large dishwasher machine standing in front of the wall. He watched the children put away their dishes and trays then went towards the corner to play with the toys. With a sigh Eric got up towards the large dishwasher machine carrying his tray. He walked towards the dishwasher and dropped the tray that landed on the ground with a crash as the rages arrived. Eric grabbed his head as he closed his eyes struggling to stay calm. He roared opening his eyes and looked around the room in the whiteness when a dark blue movement caught his eyes. He blindly grabbed a chair as he charged towards the movement which stopped as another taller movement arrive standing in front of him. Eric raised the chair above his head as he felt hands from the movement touch his chest rubbing. 
He blinked his eyes to stare at Brianna and dropped the chair while speaking “I can’t take this any more, Brianna.” 
Eric faded invisible and ran towards the door as he heard Brianna yell from behind him “I need you, Eric!”
He ran into the hallway falling into a kneeling position as his form reappeared. Eric heard the doors to the cafeteria open and saw Brianna run into his line of sight as she kneeled grabbing his head with her hands while weeping. 
He heard her speak “I need you, Eric. The children need you. Please don’t leave me.” 
Eric groaned as Brianna pulled his head towards her, holding it against her chest as she rocked him weeping out “I need you.” 

Chapter twenty seven
Eric stood in the bedroom watching Brianna go into the bathroom. He waited listening as the shower went on and quickly left the bedroom running out into the hallway. He ran towards the stairs and went down them running. Reaching the last stairs he saw the door to the tube room and pressed a hand on the monitor which the door opened. Eric walked inside went to a monitor on his left in the wall with his back to the door and pressed a button. 
He watched as the monitor went forwards pulling out the tube and put a hand on his glove as the door to the room was heard opened followed by Kurpanov’s voice speaking “That’s pathetic, Eric, really pathetic. ” 
Eric froze as Kurpanov continued speaking voice coming nearer to him “You, my own brother going in a tube all because of some tantrums you can’t stand or control. Brianna would destroy herself if you went in the tube.”
Eric stood frozen hearing Kurpanov’s words as he felt a clawed hand on his shoulder as Kurpanov added “Yes, we’re brothers along with Trevor. You, Trevor and I share the same parent. What I did to you making you Night Eyes was to protect you as my brother which you proved that you didn’t need the protection as I thought.”
He felt the taller than himself, Kurpanov’s other hand touch the top of his head stroking as the Surrai paused and then heard him spoke again “I was on the stairway when I saw Alexei and others came down the stairs carrying a sleeping you tied to a stretcher. Brianna was there and she was begging Alexei not to put you in the tube. I heard her words as she said repeatedly over and over 'Don’t put Eric in the tube! I need him!' I followed the group as they reached this room. I saw them place you in the tube and watched as Brianna threw herself on top of you lying on the tube bed. The men escorting Alexei had to take her off restraining her as she screamed 'I need Eric, I need him!' I watched as Alexei locked you in the tube and him yell at her hearing his words 'You will cease this behavior, Brianna! You have children who need their mother and you will take care of them!' The men hauled her still screaming out of the room as I stood watching Alexei who spoke in a calmer tone to me 'Poor Eric, your brother has those angry rages and there’s nothing in the world that can help him stop himself from attacking people. Believe me Kurpanov, I’ve tried.' He walked out of the room and I stood there thinking, 'Your wrong Alexei, there is something that can stop Eric when he has his angry rages and I’ll find out what it is which I have.'" 
Eric stood feeling Kurpanov’s hands rubbing his shoulders as the Surrai paused from talking. 
He lowered his hands as he heard Kurpanov speak “You during your angry rages attack people because you can sense fear from them and your angry state hates the emotion so they wound up as your victims. You never hurt Brianna because she helps you due to your body recognizing her as your mate and mother of your offspring hence you always getting pain each time you touched her in a threatening way while having rages.” 
Eric stiffened feeling the rages arrive and put his hands on his head growling loudly. He barely felt Kurpanov’s arms wrapped around his chest from behind as he lowered his hands roaring loudly. Eric jerked struggling against Kurpanov’s tight grip as the anger coursed through him. He felt a hand over his eyes on his face blocking his eyes sight and groaned loudly while feeling the anger leave him. Eric relaxed feeling Kurpanov’s arm still around his chest as his other hand was on his face covering his eyes. Eric sighed with his eyes closed as Kurpanov lowered his hand from covering his eyes.
He heard Kurpanov speak “One of my people called by the name of Yuri is Lana’s mate. He has been visiting Lana in her quarters and will at my orders meet the others. I thought I’ll let you know of this.”
Eric nodded his head as he felt Kurpanov pull him towards a direction seemingly lengthy and didn’t resist as he heard a familiar sound of a hair dryer and opened his eyes to find himself back in his bedroom. Eric could hear the hair dryer running from the bathroom as Kurpanov released him rubbing a clawed hand on his head. He stared at the Surrai who walked away through the open bedroom doorway disappearing in a flash of light. Eric sighed as he closed the door to the bedroom and stripped his clothes off leaving his gloves and changed into bed clothes then he went to the door opening it. He stood frowning hearing the bathroom light turned off as Brianna came out and saw her eyes filled with affection seeing him. Eric sighed as she went to him putting her hands on his chest over the fabric rubbing and felt her lay her head on his shoulder. He wrapped his arms around Brianna’s form holding her tightly and felt one of her arms around him as she put a hand on his cheek rubbing. 

Chapter twenty eight
Eric jerked his head awake to find Cassie and Ricky standing besides the bed the room illuminated by the blue light in the wall.
He stared at Ricky as he sat up who spoke “Dad, we can’t sleep.” 
He felt Brianna next to him sit up as he spoke “Kids, come into the bed and sleep with us.” 
Eric picked up Cassie putting her between him and Brianna as he did the same with Ricky. He helped Brianna adjust the blankets till each child was settled under it. Eric turned to his side to snuggle next to Ricky besides him as he saw Brianna turn onto her side with Cassie next to her. Sighing he closed his eyes and willed himself to sleep as Ricky lay his head next to his. 

Eric opened his eyes with a gasp. He shook his head staring at the sleeping forms of Brianna and his children next to him. Frowning Eric slowly eased himself out of the bed and stood staring at the bed’s occupants. He went to the table and picked up the tape recorder in his hand then placed it back onto the table before going into the bathroom turning on the light. Eric walked inside leaning his form against the wall while folding his arms. He shook his head and lowered his arms as the rages arrived and growled loudly putting his hands on his head as he closed his eyes. He jerked open his eyes and sensed a figure standing next to him. Eric angrily grabbed the figure with his hands and thrust the person’s back on the wall growling. 
He heard a voice speak from the figure and took a few moments to understand the word “Dad?” 
Eric shut his eyes closed as the rages left him and opened them to stare at Ricky held by his gloved hands holding him up at eye level by hands gripping his armpit areas as he spoke again with confusion in his voice “Dad?”
Eric exhaled air and lowered his son down till his bare feet were touching the floor. 
He kneeled in front of Ricky and spoke “Ricky, I need you to do something for me.” 
Eric saw Ricky’s face turn to curiosity and he added “I need you to be strong and protect your sister Cassie including your cousins.” 
He paused to put hands on his son’s shoulders and added “If you see me acting angry having the rages, just don’t be afraid I won’t hurt you. Help your sister and your cousins to not be afraid of me when I’m having the rages and they won’t be so fearful of me.”
Eric pulled Ricky in a hug with his arms and then he let go of his son before standing up. He felt Ricky’s mitten hand squeeze his gloved hand as he turned off the light escorting his son out of the bathroom towards the bed. Eric sighed as Ricky got in the bed and followed his son behind him lying on his side and he closed his eyes falling asleep which he heard the familiar beeping of the alarm opened his eyes and got up from the bed forcing Ricky and Cassie out and shut the door. He went to his clothes in the dresser to exchange putting them on along with his shoes including picking up a vial he recognized held the antidote to his poison along with an empty syringe he pocketed. Eric walked out of the bedroom with Brianna’s arm around his. The two paused to see Arielia with a glare on her face standing in the hallway watching them. 
Eric frowned as Arielia signed while using her voice “I want to talk to Eric alone for a bit.” 
Eric felt Brianna let go of his arm and watched her walk down the hallway entering the cafeteria with doors slamming behind her. 
He looked at his sister who signed “You had the ability to be invisible and didn’t tell me or Ionela.” 
Eric kept his mouth shut as she continued signing “That’s how you could detect me. You can see me in my invisible state. Why didn’t you tell me or Ionela?”
Eric frowned as she folded her arms with a glare on her face and he raised his hands signing “The Zesky Asylum threatened me about revealing the ability to anyone not of their choosing. Their threatening got me really afraid that I couldn’t tell you or the others at all.” 
Eric lowered his hands as Arielia raised hers to sign “Next time you discover a hidden ability, I expect Ionela and I to be informed of it.”
Eric groaned as she gave him a glare and walked away. He followed her into the cafeteria with a frown to see Ionela whose eyes were narrowed when she saw him then she looked away. Eric sighed as he stood in the cafeteria watching the children who were playing away chatting among each other. He walked over near them and stood with arms to the sides with a bit of a smile on his face. Eric jerked shaking as the rages arrived. He shut his eyes putting his gloved hands on his head growling loudly. He forced open his eyes as anger billowed throughout him while lowering his hands in fists. His eyesight saw dark blue movement in front of him and he took a step halting when he felt a weight in front of his legs. 
Eric shook his head closing his eyes as he heard a voice speak “Dad.” 
Eric put his hands on his head as he felt Ricky’s arms tightly around him while standing in front of his legs. He exhaled and inhaled air through his mouth and kneeled on the floor as Ricky let go of him. Eric groaned rubbing his hands on his head and lowered them. He felt Ricky put his arms around his neck tightly holding him in a hug with his head next to his. 
Eric gripped Ricky in a hug as he heard Brianna’s voice speak from behind him “Eric?”  
Eric spoke loudly with his eyes closed “It’s not movement that causes me to attack while having the rages in control but the fear emotion I detect within people that makes me hurt them whoever they are.” 
He heard Brianna gasp out “Oh.” 
Eric felt hands touch the top of his head rubbing and sensed that they belonged to Brianna. 
He groaned loudly as he heard Cassie speak from besides him “Daddy, you ok?”
Eric opened his eyes to look at Cassie standing at his left and raised an arm towards her while staring at concern on her face. He stared at his daughter who walked forwards to put her arms around his neck over Ricky’s hugging him as he felt Brianna rub the top of his head. 
Eric sighed and spoke “Ricky, you did good stopping me from attacking anyone.” 
He heard Ricky sigh in his ear and he kept his hold on his children. 

Eric sat on the bench leaning against the table facing the children sitting on the padded floor chatting among each other. He saw Cassie jerk her head to look at him sharply and she got up running towards him. Eric sat up straighter as Cassie with a frown on her face reached him and climbed onto his lap sitting sideways on it. He wrapped his arms around her and sighed feeling her arms go around his neck as her head touched his chin. Eric closed his eyes and stiffened feeling the rages arrive billowing through him. He let go of Cassie to fist his hands. He roared growling loudly as he opened his eyes with anger in them. Eric looked around seeing nothing but whiteness and heard a voice speaking in his ear as he shut his eyes. 
He concentrated on the voice hearing the words speaking “Daddy, don’t fight the rages, it will pass.” 
Eric groaned feeling Cassie’s arms still around his neck as she settled her head on his shoulder. He sighed as the rages left him which he wrapped his arms around his daughter and opened his eyes to stare at the children who were looking at him with concerned looks on their faces. Eric frowned as he felt a hand touch the top of his head and looked at his left to see Brianna with concern on her face lean down till hers was close to his. 
He stared at her as she spoke “I confess I’ve been having this odd feeling on and off ever since I met you. I think I know what causes it. Cassie told me the other day she’s been having the feeling too and has been having trouble sleeping because of it.”
Eric sighed as Brianna paused to rub her hand on his cheek and she continued “I think the feeling as Cassie demonstrated is a warning message, telling us that your about to have the rages. I noticed the feeling only hits before you have a rage.” 
Eric widened his eyes staring at Brianna with shock as she nodded her head.

Chapter twenty nine
Eric stood in the cafeteria frowning as he recalled Lana coming into the room followed by a black haired Surrai towering over her who she introduced to him as Yuri her mate. He eyed his sister and Yuri both seated on a bench appearing to be in a whispered talk by their heads closed to each other the Surrai appearing to look interested in Lana's words by his expression on his face. He heard the doors to the cafeteria bang open. He looked to see a Highlander wearing a Kaddar uniform came into the room. 
The Kaddar pointed to Eric and spoke “It’s time for your punishment.” 
Eric walked forwards towards the Kaddar who turned around walking towards the doorway entrance. He angrily let anger arrived and grabbed the Kaddar from behind lifting him up and went to the doors opening one of them. Eric threw the Kaddar out of the room and stomped towards Brianna who stood with a questioningly look on her face. Eric heard the door open and looked to see a Shadonian came in the room that adjusted his clothing on his chest. Eric stared at the Shadonian as a scene appeared showing him kneeling next to Emperor Palin with Ricky. He widened his eyes as the scene continued playing and angrily charged at the Shadonian who held up his long stick blaster gun in his hands. He met the floor knocked away by the Shadonian’s gun. Eric shook his head as the Shadonian stood staring at him with the scene playing in the room. The scene Eric saw showed him dragging Emperor Palin’s body out of a hallway up sets of stairs pass double doors and threw the body into a room with a large slab lying in it. Eric stiffened seeing the view showing him lifting up the stone slab which was hollow and placing the Emperor Palin’s body then slamming the slab over the body which his spoken words were loudly heard then showed him walking away as the scene stopped. Eric got up glaring at the Shadonian who turned and left the room. Shaking his head he went towards his children to sit on a bench near then. 
Eric saw Cassie get up screaming “Mommy!”  
He looked at Ricky who seeing him look got up running screaming “Mom!”
Eric got up and caught his son by the arm who swatted at him with his other arm. 
Eric spoke “Ricky, stop that.” 
He flinched feeling Ricky kick him hard in the legs as a fist connected with his face. Eric let go of Ricky to face Brianna with anger on her face. 
He stared at her as she yelled “Who do you think you are?!”
Eric watched with speechless shock as Brianna walked away and he followed her out of the room towards their quarters. Once inside he watched Brianna go into the bathroom and come out carrying her hair dryer and nightgown. 
Eric spoke “I’m your mate-“
Brianna interrupted “No your not. Mates don’t lie or keep secrets from each other.” 
Eric stared at Brianna’s form that left the room carrying her nightgown and hair dryer. He stood staring at the door as she came back into the room and went to the bed grabbing her pillow and a blanket. 
Eric spoke “Brianna-“
She interrupted “I refused to sleep with a liar and a secret keeper. Don’t bother the children.” 
He stared at her form as she left the room carrying the blanket and pillow in both hands. Frowning Eric walked out of the room to see her come out of his children’s room with hands empty. He stared at her as she walked away entering the cafeteria. Eric sighed and went to enter the cafeteria to see the others eating their foods gathered around a table. He watched Brianna carrying a tray with food sit down on a chair at the table. He went to fill up a tray and carried it towards the others eating. Eric paused to see Brent stand up grabbing a lone empty chair at the table and frowned as he threw it across the room. He saw the others adjust their chairs till there was no room for another chair at the table and they continued eating their foods. Eric groaned inwardly and went to another table to eat his food facing the others. He saw Lana finished her food and get up from the table towards the dishwasher machine. Eric finished his food put away his dishes and went to Lana sitting on a chair. 
He spoke “Lana?”
Eric frowned as Lana put her fingers in her ears. He touched her shoulder that yanked his hand away. He stood in front of Lana that averted her eyes with an angry look on her face. Eric opened his mouth to speak when he felt hands grabbed him from behind on the shoulders and he felt himself airborne thrown in the air. He landed on the floor with a groan and got up to face Yuri who roared some growl in a threatening tone while pointing a clawed finger at him. Eric frown watching Yuri pull Lana from the seat who clung to him in a hug as the Surrai moved his mouth whispering to her words unheard by himself. He left the room towards his quarters and went to a chair sitting there frowning. Eric stared at the bed unknowingly of the time and sighed as he saw Brianna arrive to the room. He watched her pull the “Do Not Disturb” sign from the back of the door and saw her write something on the back with a pen which she put on the doorknob facing the hallway. Eric got up walking towards the door as Brianna left the room slamming the door. 
He opened the door and pulled the sign from the doorknob reading the contents which said “No one talk to Eric.”
Groaning Eric placed the sign on the back of the door and left the room to see the others walk into their rooms slamming the doors. 
Eric muttered out loud “Perhaps I should go then.” 
He walked down the hallway and entered the stairwell walking down them till he reached the end of the stairs where a door was in the wall with a small monitor next to it. Eric pressed a hand and the door opened. He heard Kurpanov’s roar as he walked through the doorway and found himself back in his bedroom coming from the open bathroom doorway. Eric saw the door to the bedroom was closed and the sign he left on the back was gone. He jerked when he felt the rages arrived and roared putting his gloved hands on his head. Eric with anger coursing throughout him lowered his hands and raised a fist which he punched the wall which he heard cracked around the fist. Growling Eric lowered his hand unclenching his fist as his eyes sight cleared up. He climbed into the bed turning off the lamp. 
He lay in the bed staring at the ceiling and spoke out loud “Brianna.”
Groaning he pulled the pillow and moved till he was on Brianna’s side of the bed and lay with eyes open staring at the ceiling for sleep refused to come to him.

Chapter thirty
Eric stood on the outer deck that led to the gangplank with arms folded after a sleepiness night of no sleep while feeling himself still upset as ever. He could see there was a crowd of people on the land deck milling around which separated as four Kaddar arrived followed by Hades and a Human female. The Kaddar went walking up the gangplank as he saw Hades with a human female standing talking at the end of the gangplank. Eric frowned as the Kaddar reached him. 
One of them spoke in Oceanan to him “Your presence is making the crowd restless. Their aware of you murdering Emperor Palin and will not hesitate to use deadly force should you walk among them.” 
Eric without answering walked down the gangplank as Hades and the Human female walked up. He heard Hades roar as he met the two and felt the warrior’s hands on his neck forcing him backwards up the gangplank reaching the outer deck of the cruise ship. Eric felt Hades throw him on the ground and was quick to get up. He charged roaring at Hades with fists pummeling the taller than him warrior’s stomach which felt like a hard wall to him with his fists. His punching got slower and Eric shook as the tears threatened to flow as he lowered his hands. Eric laid his head on Hades’ front letting the tears flow shaking his form. 
He heard Hades say in Oceanan to the Kaddar guards “I'm told that the other Hybrids are angry at Eric for hiding what he did to Emperor Palin from them. They have outcast Eric and will not have anything to do with him.” 
Eric leaned his form on Hades who continued speaking “I suggest you hold off the whipping, he would welcome the pain. I’ll take him to stay with my people till the Hybrids are willing to accept him back.”
He numbly felt Hades take his arm and allowed the warrior to pull him towards the doorway to the stairs which they walked a maze of hallways and stairwells. Eric sniffled rubbing his eyes with a gloved hand while being pulled by Hades. Eric and Hades with the Human female entered a hallway and walked by doors on the right side till they reached double doors on the left side. Eric kept his head down as Hades pulled him into the room a cafeteria barely hearing the conversation said around him and felt his form pushed to sit on a chair in front of a table. He sat with head down staring at the table in front of him and placed his arms on the table before lowering his head on them. Eric shook as the tears spilled again from his eyes and groaned a sound of distress. 
He felt a hand touch his back rubbing it followed by Teorjer’s familiar voice speaking in Hybrid language “Eric, let the feelings out, don’t hold them back. Everything will be alright, I’ll see to that.”
Eric shook shaking his form as he let the tears flow some more loudly groaning. 
He heard Teorjer speak again “Eric shouldn’t be alone for awhile. Aiden, are you willing to keep him company when he sleeps?”
Eric heard the Drainer reply “I’m willing to do that providing there’s a comfortable chair in the room for me to sleep in.” 
He heard Hades’ voice speak “There’s a chair in my quarters shared with Georgina, I’ll go put it in the room.” 
Eric felt hands on his shoulders pulling him up which he stood up to face Aiden who took his arm and led him out of the room. Eric stared at the floor as they entered a room and felt Aiden push his form onto a bed which he obeyed lying on it. He didn’t protest as Aiden put blankets over him and he twisted his form to lie on his side pulling one of the two pillows over his head gripping it with his arm. Eric let the tears fall again as he loudly groaned shaking his form and cried himself to sleep.

Chapter thirty one
Eric sat in the cafeteria with head down hands on his lap. His eyes were closed and which he would blink open to wipe tears that fell from them. Eric pulled out the vial and syringe from his pocket and placed it next to him on the table.
Eric felt a hand on his shoulder followed by Teorjer’s voice speaking in Hybrid language “Eric, the doctor’s here and he wants to know what’s with the needle and the bloody red contents bottle?”
Eric groaned out loudly staring at his lap “The cure to my poison is said to be from the bloods of my sisters Ionela and Arielia combined which is in this bottle which must be injected to the person by needle to keep them alive and kill off the poisonous substance from destroying their body systems from within inside them.”
He heard Teorjer speak words in another language and then heard a male voice speak in a foreign language followed by Teorjer speaking in Hybrid language “Doctor Leif Jensen will take the bottle for further testing to see if he can create something to counterattack the poisonous substance you give off without having to depend on your sisters for the cure. He also wants you to donate a quantity of your blood for testing if you don’t object.”
Eric rolled up the sleeve of his right arm and placed the arm on the table. He stared at the arm as humanoid bony hands of pale white skin belonging to a Monarch came into view while holding a small device attached to a tube leading to a large clear packet sitting on the table, rubbed his arm and heard a beep noise. Eric stiffened as he felt a prick of pain from the needle entering his skin and stared at the tube as blue liquid came out filling up the packet. He moved his eyes to stare at the packet which filled up with his blue blood and frowned hearing loud conversation in foreign languages in the room turned to whispering.
He heard Teorjer speak “Eric, do you know any stories about people having blood the same color as yours?”
Eric heard the whispering went silent as he spoke “No, never heard of any story.” 
He heard Teorjer speaking foreign language as the whispering continued and added “Teorjer, once the doctor is done I want to go back to bed.” 
Eric wiped his teary eyes with his gloved hand from his free arm as Teorjer spoke “It’s alright, I know you’re upset. Don’t worry.” 
He didn't comment a response as the bag was removed along with needle and a cloth felt rubbing the needle's injection site which he was again led out of the cafeteria by Aiden to the bed which he got inside and pulled the other pillow over his head.
He lay in the bed with a pillow over his head held by his arm seemingly lengthy ignoring Aiden sensed in the room staring at him. 
He groaned repeatedly moaning out “Brianna.”
Eric let the tears fall from his eyes as he groaned out loud and felt a hand on his shoulder rubbing. 
He raised the pillow to stare at Aiden with a hand on his shoulder who spoke “Eric, you alright?”
Eric groaned as he placed the pillow back onto him with his arm and spoke “Aiden, I just want to be alone for awhile.” 
He felt Aiden’s hand left him and he sighed closing his eyes letting the tiredness of sleep overcome him.

Chapter thirty two
Eric sat in the cafeteria with food in front of him on tray. He groaned and forced himself to eat the food from using a fork. Once finished with the food and drink he pushed it away and lowered his hands onto his lap. 
He felt a hand on his shoulder and heard Teorjer’s voice speaking in Hybrid language “Eric, Doctor Jensen wants you to go to the hospital for tests. I agree with him about this. I think a change of scenery will do you some good.” 
Eric stood up from the chair with head down eyes downcast. He sensed an object place over his wrists locking them together and felt hands on his arms holding him. He sensed the hands belonged to two of the Kaddar who stood holding his arms.
Eric felt a hand on his chin and heard Teorjer speak “Eric, please look at me.” 
He obeyed raising his head and eyes to look at Teorjer in the eyes. 
Teorjer continued speaking “Please keep your head and eyes up, don’t let them outside know that your upset. You do that and in return I’ll convince the Hybrids to accept you back. I do know things that will get them to accept you so keep your head and eyes up.” 
Eric exhaled air and allowed the Kaddar he glimpsed to escort him out of the cafeteria towards the outer deck where he saw a Monarch wearing clothes of a medic standing in front of the gangplank wearing two bags on him. 
The Monarch spoke in Basic sounding bad accented to him as the male held up a clear packet attached to a tube and a device in his hand “Put in arm roll sleeve.” 
Eric didn’t protest as one of the Kaddar rolled his right sleeve and felt the doctor rub the device on his arm followed by a prick of pain as the needle went in. He kept his eyes on the doctor as the group went down the gangplank towards the crowd who were shouting in foreign languages sounding angry to him. Reaching the crowd Eric heard the shouting stop as they separated forming an aisle. He frowned inwardly as he and others walked down the aisle between the crowds and heard their voices go low into whispering tones. The Kaddar led him towards a boxy vehicle and pushed him inside where he sat on a bench with them sitting besides him. He saw the doctor sit on the bench across from him and felt the movements of the vehicle as it drove away. Eric leaned his head against the wall of the vehicle and closed his eyes willing himself to relax. 

Chapter thirty three
Eric sat on the bed set up in a sitting position leaning against it. He stared at the wall and heard a step in the room as a Monarch came in the room carrying a cup of clear liquid. 
The Monarch spoke in Basic “The name is Robb Marin. Here have some water to drink.”
Eric spoke in the same language “Water will kill me. Any drop of water on my skin acts like poison even when ingested as if drunken by mouth or injected into me by needle.” 
He heard Robb speak “Interesting, but I’m curious on how you know that.” 
Eric turned his head to look at the doctor he assumed was called Robb as said to him while standing in the room and spoke “When I was younger, water was accidentally spilled on my bare arm. I wound up being very sick but I recovered. I’m told that during my sickness the water on my skin acted like poison. So I avoid water and I don’t drink it. I'm told that some drinking liquid substance called milk injected into me via needle with a large amount of twin amount to the bag that was in my arm that took out my blood, it pumped into me was what saved my life and kept me alive each time I was water poisoned. I also must add that once I'm healed I expel the water substance through some expelling substance way that doesn't involve the mouth but another way.” 
He saw Robb nodded his head and heard the doctor speak “I get it, Eric on what your speaking. I’ll see that you get something for nourishment.” 
Eric moved his head to stare at the wall and heard the doctor leave the room gently closing the door. Frowning he got up and went into the bathroom closing the door behind him. Eric stared at the mirror and leaned against the sink under the mirror with a frown. He jerked his head putting his gloved hands on his face as he felt the rages arrived and growled loudly. Eric barely felt an arm wrap around his chest and lowered his hands as a hand covered his eyes. He struggled against the holder’s arm grip while growling loudly and sighed as the anger left him. 
Eric relaxed against the holder and heard Kurpanov’s voice speaking “Poor Eric, the others shouldn’t have outcast you. I’ll see that they’ll accept you if I have to use force.” 
Eric groaned loudly as the Surrai Leader continued speaking “Don’t worry about them. They don’t know what a sick man Palin was. He deserved to be busted.” 
He sighed as Kurpanov released him and felt the Surrai rub a hand on his hair.
Kurpanov added “Yes, Palin ordered many things that were cruel enough for him to earn that name Emperor Executioner. I’ll have Yuri tell the others about Palin and his insanity. They should be able to accept you then.” 
Eric frowned as Kurpanov pulled him out of the bathroom and looked to see Robb standing in the room with a frown as the Surrai led him to the bed. Eric got on the bed and watched Kurpanov leave disappearing in a flash of light through the bathroom doorway. Eric exhaled air as Robb pulled out an arm sized scanner device from the foot of the bed and waved over his form. He watched Robb fiddle with the device and then placed it back at the foot of the bed before leaving the room. Eric laid his head against the bed and closed his eyes letting sleep overcome him.

Chapter thirty four
Eric frowned as the Kaddar led him through the silent crowd towards the gangplank of the cruise ship after taking him out of the hospital after Robb said that he was done testing him thoroughly despite he sleeping on and off while there and sensing his body manipulated by needle like pains in his fingers and arms with no sign of the needles seen despite seeing some holey areas indicating it that healed up fast. He rubbed his wrists as the cuffs were taken off and walked up the gangplank. Eric stared with curiosity to see Brianna with a frowning look on her face standing at the end of the gangplank and next to her was Teorjer. He kept his eyes onto Brianna as he reached her. Eric stared at her as she walked forwards putting arms around him hugging his form. He sighed feeling her arms around him and placed his gloved hands on her back gently rubbing. Frowning he stared at her as she let go of him and placed an arm around his. The two followed Teorjer entering the doorway to the stairs.
Once in the stairwell Teorjer spoke “I’m needed elsewhere.” 
Eric frowned seeing Teorjer walk up the stairs disappearing from his eyes sight and he released Brianna’s hold on his arm and went up the stairs. 
He heard Brianna speak with a pleading tone from behind him “Eric, please.” 
Eric paused from his walk and folded his arms as Brianna walked in his line of sight to stand in front of him on a stair tread. 
He lowered his arms as she placed hands on his cheeks rubbing and heard her speak as he stared at her shoulder “My Eric.”
Eric felt Brianna moved her hands placing them on his chest rubbing and sighed of pleasure loudly. He moved his eyes to stare at hers which were filled with affection. Eric sighed as she leaned her form against his and he wrapped his arms tightly around her. 
He heard Brianna speak “My Eric, I missed you.”
Eric spoke “Brianna, I missed you too.” 
He moved his head to lean against hers as she sighed. 
He felt an urge to kiss her and he spoke “Brianna, may I?”
Brianna to his pleasure placed her hands on his cheeks and raised her face as he lowered his, lips meeting each other in a kiss. He during the kiss moved his hands to her breasts to massage them covered by the fabric of her dress. He felt her break off the kiss and sighed as one of her hands left his cheeks and moaned softly as her hand touched his sensitive part with the fabric over it, squeezing. Eric moaned loudly as he opened his eyes to stare at Brianna’s eyes as a small smile came to her lips. He shivered as she let go of his sensitive part and he removed his hands from her chest to place them on her shoulders massaging. Eric stared at her as she took his arm and pulled him down the stairs which he didn’t protest. Eric entered the cafeteria with Brianna. He frowned inwardly seeing the others look at him with sad looks and felt Brianna let go of his arm. Eric looked at Brianna who placed hands on his chest rubbing and felt her lean her form against him. He wrapped his arms around her form and then let go as she looked at him in the eyes. Eric could see a small smile form on her lips as they let go of each other.
He went to the food dispensing unit and was blocked by Yuri who spoke “Kurpanov threatened to keep me away if they didn’t accept you. He told me to tell them what Palin did. I have to agree with Kurpanov when he said that Palin rightfully earned that name Emperor Executioner.” 
Eric sighed as Yuri leaned forwards rubbing a clawed hand in his hair and walked away towards Lana sitting at a table eating with the others. He went to get a tray filled with food and went to a table. 
Eric heard Arielia yell out “Eric, please come sit with us!”
He obeyed going to an empty chair next to Brianna and sat down. 
He felt his left arm grabbed by Cassie sitting on the other side of him who spoke “Daddy.”
Eric rubbed a hand on Cassie’s head that let go of his arm. He ate the food hearing the conversation absent mildly. 

Chapter thirty five
Eric stood in the bedroom as Brianna arrived speaking “The children are tucked in bed.” 
Eric spoke as he yanked off his shirt “Whose turn is it to watch the children?”
He stared at Brianna who went to the door closing the door. Eric watched Brianna went to him putting hands on his chest rubbing and then she put hands on his cheeks. 
He stared at her in the eyes as she spoke “Eric, don’t keep secrets no matter how terrible they are from me again. I won’t tolerate it and will be very angry at you for that.” 
Eric groaned out loudly “Brianna, how much information do you know about me?”
Brianna spoke “I knew some information when I met you. After you left becoming Claws, Kossman before his death gave me access to files on you in another part of the ship. I’ve been reading those files which told me a lot of information.” 
Eric frowned as she laid her head on his shoulder and continued “I could show you the files and you can read them yourself if you want.”
Eric spoke “Later, Brianna when I get the nerve to do that. Let’s go to bed.”

Eric lay in the bed with Brianna’s arms around him as she lay with her head on his chest. He felt Brianna twist her form till she was on her stomach and rub his forehead with her hand as he opened his eyes to look at her in the eyes. 
He stared at Brianna who spoke “Eric, Doctor Leif Jensen with Teorjer translating visited us asking for blood samples. We each submitted and were told that the blue blood color of the sky of Cassie’s and Ricky’s matches yours. Brent started acting upset, threw a tantrum after we were told of this. Arielia had to calm him down.”
Eric rubbed her back with his bare hands due to removing his gloves and leaving them in the dresser drawer while changing into pajamas just prior to getting into bed asleep as Brianna paused and then continued “Brent told us the reason why he’s upset. This involves the place the Zesky Asylum is in along with Americania and other island nations all jointly under this name Terrania. He told us about an ancient legend known among most of all the Terranians. It’s about the creation of all the current humanoid races here in Terrania. The legend tells of humanoid people who were partly animal or as the Terranians say gonoid that had blue blood the color of the sky. The gonoid people had children that turned out to be the current humanoid races here on Terrania. The legend further says that the gonoid people after raising their children to adulthood went away either died off or into hiding.”
Eric frowned hearing Brianna’s words as she stopped speaking to rub her hand on his cheek and she added “You match the story of the ancient Terranian legend. Your blood is the color of the sky and your part gonoid. I think because of you matching the legend, people might see Palin’s death by your hand as a parent punishing a child.”
Eric sighed loudly as Brianna turned to her side laying her head on his chest. He settled his chin on top of her head rubbing as he wrapped his arms around her. Eric felt one of Brianna’s hands rub one of his arms around her as she snuggled in his arms. He stared at the ceiling and closed his eyes. Eric forced his eyes open when he heard a choking sound and looked at Brianna to see her gasping away while wearing a ropey object around her neck. 
He picked at the rope and felt pain in his hands while hearing a compelling voice speak words repeated “Put on your gloves.”
Eric shook his head as he felt pain arrive and placed his hands on his forehead groaning loudly as sleepiness arrived and closed his eyes. Eric dreamed of an endless body of water and saw a plant rise from the water spreading its petals. 
He heard a female voice speak “I am called Merra, who is communicating to you by your mind. There is something you must do in exchange for protection for you and your people so listen carefully.” 
Eric listened with displeasure hearing the rest of Merra’s words. Eric opened his eyes and jerked himself in a sitting position while hearing the loud beeping noise of the alarm clock sounding. He rubbed his head while feeling a headache which went away. He looked at Brianna who moaned rubbing her neck with her hand and pulled the pillow over her head with an arm over it. Eric leaned over Brianna and shut the alarm while turning on the lamp. He yanked the pillow from Brianna’s arm and placed his hands on her neck feeling it. Eric growled loudly seeing a thin black faded line on her neck as she put a hand on her eyes and groaned some sound. He fisted his hand and unclenched it remembering Merra’s message.
Eric spoke “Brianna, get up. You need some food for this sickness your feeling.” 
He rubbed a knuckle on her cheek as she removed her hand from her eyes and wearily spoke “Eric, I want to sleep this off.”
He got up and went to put on his clothes while putting on his gloves. Eric went to the bed and pulled Brianna groaning from the bed. He handed Brianna, her clothes which he helped her put on her form after exchanging them from her nightgown then led her out of the bedroom into the hallway. Eric frowned inwardly as he looked to see the others come out of their rooms and saw their faces turn to concern when they saw Brianna. He pulled Brianna into the cafeteria and pushed her to a bench which she put her arms on the table and lowered her head. Eric rubbed a gloved hand on her head and went to get a tray filling it with dishes of food which he brought to Brianna. 
Sighing he set the tray down on the table and pulled at Brianna’s shoulder while speaking “Brianna, here eat. You’ll feel better once you eat some food.” 
Eric rubbed a hand on her back as she raised her head removing her arms and he thrust the tray in front of her. He sat and picked up a fork full of food and pressed to Brianna’s mouth which opened admitting the food. Eric sighed as he fork fed Brianna the food and then gave her the tube attached to the drink bottle which she sucked. Once finished he took the tray with the dishes to the dishwashing machine and went to get a tray filling it with dishes of food. Eric sat next to Brianna who placed her arms back on the table and lowered her head on them. He ate the food from a tray with one hand on Brianna’s back rubbing. 
Frowning Eric saw Arielia sit at the table across from him with Brent next to her silently signing with her hands “What’s wrong with her?” 
Eric paused from eating to mouthed words for her to lip read “Too much poison from my lips.”
He continued eating seeing Arielia’s eyes widened as she signed “Your lips give off poison? That’s a new ability I haven’t heard before.” 
Eric shrugged as he mouthed “Sorry I haven’t told you. I’m a little embarrassed about that ability.” 
He stared at his sister who narrowed her eyes then she signed “What other abilities you haven’t told me about?”
Eric frowned as he continued eating and once finished with the food he took the drink bottle and drank the liquid.
Then he finished with the drink mouthed “Let’s see off the top of my head, I’m a lot stronger than you and Ionela-“
He saw Arielia interrupted to sign “I know that one from experience of you grabbing me and tossing me to the wall like I weighted nothing before you disappeared.”
Eric sighed seeing Brent’s face turn into a glare and mouthed “Sorry about that, Arielia.” 
He frowned as Brent raised his hands and signed “Arielia told me a lot of things about her world and I have done the same. We don’t like keeping secrets from each other and wouldn’t like it if any one here kept information we should know about from others.”
Eric signed with his hands “I get it your words, Brent. I admit I do have secrets of things some I’m not proud of. I have to find the time to reveal the secrets once I’m sure I can get them off my chest. At the moment I can’t do that mostly because of fear and worry about the safety of others.”
Eric pause his hands seeing Arielia and Brent’s faces turn to narrowed eyed looks. 
He continued signing “I admit during my time before Terrania I did things I’m not proud of I was forced to keep secret by threats to harm people I care about. Arielia, remember when I told you about the Zesky Asylum threatening me?
At Arielia’s nod and Brent’s glare he added “When they found out my invisibility ability they had me attack and kill people in my hidden state in places they sent me. I was forced to do it under threats. One of the threats said were them locking you up or putting Ionela through another of their painful tests.”
Eric paused as Arielia signed “Ionela did tell me her time in lock up. She told me that she displayed to you her new abilities one day and she was gone the next day. I’m told that the Asylum put her through a painful test of sticking needles with tubes in her all over her body attached to some machinery.”
Eric rubbed a hand on his head as a pained look came to his face and he lowered his hands to sign “Arielia, there’s a tape in Kossman’s room in the DVD player of me at a younger age going through what Ionela went through.”
He stared at Brent’s waving hand who signed “Arielia already showed that to me. She told me she already saw the tape with Ionela and the others after Kossman died and you left to become Claws.”
Eric’s eyes narrowed into a glare as he stared at Arielia who signed “Oops, sorry Eric. I forgot to tell you that.”
Eric signed “What other secrets are you keeping from me, little sister?”
He kept his eyes narrowed as Arielia signed “I think plenty of stuff, big brother. Some of what I told Brent is stuff I haven’t told you or Ionela.” 
Eric glared at Arielia and picked up his tray taking it towards the dishwashing machine. He placed the items in it and slammed the dishwasher door closed as the rages arrived coursed throughout him. He shut his eyes fisting his hands willing himself to calm while feeling the emotion gritting his teeth while growling loudly. Eric placed his fisted hands on his head as he felt a painful headache around his head arrive and fell towards to his knees as the anger left him. He kneel hands on his head groaning loudly shaking his form while feeling the painful headache knowing his mind wasn’t being scanned. 
Eric jerked as he felt a hand on his shoulder and Brianna’s voice wearily speaking “Eric, are you alright?” 
He spoke “I have been having this awful headache on and off since last night, Brianna.” 
Eric raised his head to look at Brianna’s tired face as she spoke “Perhaps we both should go to bed and lie down. I don’t feel good myself either.” 
He stood up as Ionela walked in his line of sight speaking “Oh just go to bed. We’ll watch the kids for you and don’t worry about tonight. It’s my turn with Henry to watch them.” 
Eric lowered his hands as Brianna placed a hand on his arm and pulled him from the room. He sighed as she led the two to the bedroom closing the door behind them. Eric stared at Brianna who yawned changing her clothes to her nightgown. He watched her get in the bed pulling the blankets over her form turning off the lamp illuminating the blue light turning itself on. 
He frowned while speaking out loud “I could use some rest myself.” 
Then he yanked his clothes off his form and grabbed his bedclothes putting them on. Sighing he pulled the blankets and got in the bed while feeling Brianna shift her form to wrap her arms around him.  Eric put his arms around Brianna and closed his eyes with a sigh.
Eric forced open his eyes when he felt a headache and heard a loud female voice belonging to Merra speak in his mind “Wake up and get yourself in position. The ones who did this to Brianna are coming in to do it again. I hope you remember what I told you.” 
Eric felt the headache leave him as he looked at the doorknob to see it slowly turn. He adjusted his position turning onto his right side yanking his left arm out of the blanket, facing Brianna, asleep, whose back was to him on her right side. He closed his eyes and listened hearing the noises of the doorknob followed by the door opening and closing softly. 
He listen hearing sounds and heard Merra’s voice speak in his mind “Now!”
Eric opened his eyes bringing his gloved hand up catching a figure on the neck gagging the person. He stared at an outline and looked to see standing besides the outline was two other outlines. One outline he saw walked around to stand at the foot of the bed which he followed moving his head staring at it. The outline went solid as a figure was revealed having a male form of Aquarian wearing brown smooth clothing with twin clawed hand looks on his hands. Eric narrowed his eyes as the other two outlines went solid revealing their figures. One he saw had feathers for a hair with intense blue Human eyes despite having tanned facial skin similar colored to his skin's color and feathered bare arms of an Akylah in a male form wearing twin brown smooth clothing that was rewinding a ropey object in his twin to his clawed hands. Eric looked to stare at the cat faced humanoid of the race Felidae in a male form with his hand around the neck who was wearing twin brown smooth clothing. He could see the Felidae had twin clawed hands looks to his on his hands. He straightened his arm pushing the Felidae backwards that hit the floor landing on his seat. Eric saw the Felidae stand up as the three look at each other. 
He sat up and spoke in Basic firmly “Shouldn’t you be guarding me and my people? I as your leader demand it.”
Eric kept his eyes narrowed as the three bowed and left the room silently closing the door. He looked down at Brianna asleep and rubbed a gloved knuckle on her cheek then lay down on the bed. He put an arm around Brianna who didn’t stir as he spoon fashioned her form rubbing his chin on top of her head. Eric lay remembering Merra telling him about the gonoid people who visited him the other night. Merra had told him that the gonoid people looked exactly alike the current humanoid races but had clawed hands like his. She told him he and Ricky were the only gonoid people with a Human appearance and blood twin colors of them despite Cassie having that as well but no gonoid side appearance which he was told his daughter inherited his blood color only. Merra added to Eric that the gonoid people had the ability to turn themselves invisible with a flaw which they couldn’t see each other in their hidden states. Eric sighed to himself remembering Merra in her talk mentioned that the gonoid people with her prodding were told that he could see people in their hidden state and he was well known among the population of himself being part gonoid. They according to Merra’s talk and her insisting to them about Eric’s status he recalled were testing him to see if he was worthy of being their leader hence them gagging Brianna with a rope. Eric frown thinking about Merra’s talk and with a sigh he closed his eyes surrendering to sleep.

Chapter thirty six
Eric sat up to see the doors to the cafeteria open and a Kaddar, an Aquarian walked into the room. He stood up walking towards the Oceanan guard as the Kaddar threw a knife like object at Brianna and saw her fall hitting the floor. Eric roared angrily charging at the Kaddar who pulled out his gun as he reached him. Eric knocked the gun out of the Kaddar’s hand and brought a fist into the Aquarian’s stomach that bent down groaning loudly. He brought his other fist into the Kaddar’s face knocking him unconscious onto the floor. He angrily kneeled bringing his fist into the Kaddar’s stomach repeatedly hitting not caring where his fist landed as the rages arrived. He roared punching getting faster as hands grabbed his arms yanking at his kneeled form. Eric struggled growling as he felt a headache come to his head as the hands on his arms pulled him into a standing position.
Eric felt gloved hands touch his cheeks as he closed his eyes listening to a voice speaking recognizing it belonging to Tikcanni “Stop it Eric, she’s alright. One of your minions took the knife for her.” 
He kept his eyes closed inhaling and exhaling air through his mouth as the hands tightly holding his arms loosen their hold and felt the gloved hands on his cheeks leave him. With a groan he forced opened his eyes to stare at Tikcanni who was looking away from him and followed the direction the Highlander was looking. He saw a Felidae with a male form lying on the ground with a Monarch slowly pulling out a knife sticking in his bare furry left shoulder of the brown smooth clothing he was wearing he saw indicated a tank top and pants with feet bare he figuring out that it was what the other gonoid people were wearing. Eric looked to see Brent lifting up Brianna who appeared shaken as he and Arielia escorted her to a chair where she sat down closing her eyes. He saw her rub a hand on her right elbow with a pained look on her face. Eric felt the hands holding his arms let go and he walked over towards Brianna as Cassie and Ricky arrived to hug her. Eric reached Brianna as the children let go of her to stand at her sides. He rolled his sleeve of his right arm and took one of Brianna’s hands placing it tightly gripping his arm. He heard Brianna moan some sound of distress as he placed his gloved hands on her cheeks and lowered his form to gently kiss her on the mouth. Eric stopped the kiss to straighten up pulling Brianna’s form forward leaning her against his as he stroked her hair with his hands. Eric sighed as he felt Cassie and Ricky wrap their arms around him and Brianna. He kept up the hug till he felt her seemed to relax from it broke it off and went out of the cafeteria into the hallway while noticing Tikcanni and guards gone from there.
Eric stood in the hallway alone with arms folded as an outline appeared solid revealing an Akylah form in front of him speaking Basic language “Leader Eric, there’s a problem. The Aquarians have some sort of echo object detecting ability. They can detect us in our hidden forms knocking us out.”
Eric asked in the same language “Have you tried showing yourselves when fighting the Aquarians?”
The Akylah shook his feathered covered head and replied “Problem is we’re too used to being hidden and fighting in that form. Showing ourselves will make us use physical strength which we do not have much experience in.” 
Eric heard Merra speaking in his head “The Kaddar that threw the knife at Brianna will have others arrive to finish his work. You two listen I have an idea.” 
Eric spoke out loud “Merra has an idea.” 
He frowned hearing the contents of Merra’s talk and then the Akylah faded his form to an outline as Eric walked into the cafeteria to see the others sitting near the kids. Their talk stopped when he reached them. 
Eric spoke using his voice and signing with his hands “Merra told me something I have to share with you so please keep an open mind and stay calm when I tell you the contents.”
He saw the kids pause from their playing to stare at him and he told the group the contents of Merra’s talk. 

Chapter thirty seven
Eric lay in bed eyes open with Brianna next to him asleep. He heard her moan some sound of distress and looked at her as he saw a pained look come to her face. Eric looked at the open door to the room listening. He heard sounds of running feet followed by sounds of yelling, grunts of pain and fighting outside in the hallway. He kept his eyes on the door as a figure walked in and recognized the Kaddar an Aquarian with gun in his hand entered the room. Eric kept his eyes on the Kaddar who turned to face him aiming his gun at him. He stared at the Oceanan guard as the gun went flying out of his hand landing on the floor followed by the Kaddar bending down with a groan as the Aquarian fell hitting the floor falling unconscious. Eric stared at an outline of his sister Arielia which she appeared with a tray held in her hands. He watched as she brought the tray down on the Kaddar’s head with a bang sound. 
He looked to see a Felidae enter the room and he spoke using his hands as Arielia looked at him “Take him out and put him in Ambassador Nalon’s office tying him up. Then at a decent hour alert Tikcanni to come aboard and scan him.” 
Eric saw Arielia nod her head as the Felidae bent down to pick up the fallen Kaddar putting the Aquarian’s body on his shoulder and left the room. He watched as Arielia picked up the fallen Kaddar’s gun and left the room without a backward glance. Eric pulled Brianna towards him holding her in his arms as Ionela arrived into the room. He looked at his sister who yanked the sign off the back of the door and placed it on the doorknob then slowly closed the door shut entirely behind her as she left the room. Eric got out of the bed and took off his bed clothes leaving his gloves on. He leaned down over Brianna’s form and gently removed her nightgown that didn’t protest but groaned a sound of distress loudly. He got in the bed and put one of her hands on his arm and felt her tightly grip it. He gently pushed Brianna’s form to lie on her back as he brought his mouth to her neck and trailed kisses on it. 
Eric broke off the kissing and spoke “Brianna, stay still and enjoy. Let me have control.”
He resumed kissing her which got lower touching her collarbone as his gloved hands went to her breasts massaging them. Eric heard her gasp some sigh sound loudly as he kissed his way to her breasts and his mouth went to her nipple sucking as his other hand squeezed the nipple on her other breast. He did the same with her other breast switching sides then felt her shudder as his mouth and hands left them to raise his head to stare at her face. Eric smiled as smile of satisfaction seeing a peaceful look on Brianna’s face with her eyes closed then placed his left gloved hand between her breasts finger walking the area before putting his hands on them again massaging. He lowered his head to trail kisses to from her breasts to her navel then raised his head to stare at her face as he heard her gasp out in pleasure. Eric gently moved his form settling on top of Brianna and entered her completely imbedded himself. He felt Brianna move her legs wrapping them around while him still inside her. He brought his lips to Brianna’s mouth after some adjusting and ravaged her lips as his hands went behind her underneath her back flexing into the sheet covered mattress. He broke off the kiss to put his head next to hers rubbing his cheek on her cheek. He felt Brianna let go of his arm and move her hands till they were touching his shoulders as he started a rhythm of moving in and out of her. Eric during his thrusts raised his head to stare at her face while hearing her moans of pleasure. He closed his eyes gasping as he spilled himself inside Brianna and felt her shake from the pleasure of the mating. Eric sighed still inside her and opened his eyes to look at Brianna in the face as he felt her rub her hands in his hair. Her eyes he saw were closed and there was peaceful look on her face as she inhaled and exhaled air through her mouth as she moved her legs. He felt regret as he pulled out of her and moved to settle besides her on the bed pulling the blankets. He gripped her in his arms and felt her relax being held. 
Eric heard her speak “Eric, remember one of our meetings? That I told you some time ago I chose to be your mate knowing you were lonely by your behavior towards me? You weren’t the only one who was suffering from the loneliness and the wanting of having a mate. I was lonely myself and suffering from this. I saw the way you treated me and took the opportunity. I’m glad I did it for I’m not lonely anymore.”
Eric stroked her arms as she paused to move her head onto his chest and heard her continue speaking “I lived inside an Asylum for all of my childhood with my brother Henry and others. We had the same routine everyday, waked up from bed by Mrs. Groundwater to go exercise then were taught in class subjects before going to eat our only meal of the day. Then after that we would go into a room which we dubbed ‘Club Room’ to do what we wanted which was playing with the toys, watching stuff on TV depending on our ages and reading books too. When I got older as an adult all of us except two were taken out of that place to the Zesky Asylum. We were brought to a room where Alexei there gave us each thick books filled with questions to fill out the answers. Most of those questions were about our interests and how we felt about so-so things. Each of us filled them out then after that Alexei took the books and left the room. We sat chatting to each other as Mrs. Groundwater would enter the room calling each of us by name and would leave with her. It was the last time Henry and I saw the others.”
Eric sighed as he stopped stroking her arms to grip her and she stopped talking to place a hand on his. 
He rubbed his chin on the top of her head as she added “The book of questions were personality and interests tests to determine what I liked. Henry and I were told that the test results indicated that we liked being in enforcement so we were trained to guard the Hybrids in the Asylum. That’s when I first learned about you, Eric, which I admit some instinct took control like a craving and got me obsessed about you. I was suffering from loneliness so bad during that time that I devoured every scrap of information about you learning what I could just to satisfy my craving. When the Hybrids including you took control of the school I was freaking out worried that something bad would happen to you. I signed up to be the search party to help find the Hybrids who escaped the school and went into the forests. I’m glad I followed my instincts despite the others telling me other things which led me to your trail and we met each other. I have to admit at our meeting I saw what you wanted which only a female could fulfill and was secretly glad that you displayed this in your behavior towards me. I took the opportunity to become your mate as my reward which Alexei granted. I risked my life being in that cell with you despite your animalistic nature while hoping that you would let me be your mate. You to my joy let me become your mate that Ricky wound up as the result then later Cassie. That is something I don’t regret which I look with happiness.”
Eric sighed hearing Brianna’s words as she stopped talking and felt her snuggle wrapped by his arms. He gently rubbed a hand on her head as she turned to her side and laid a hand on his chest with his arm around her. Eric felt her breathing become deeper and realized that she had fallen asleep. He raised his eyes to stare at the ceiling as Brianna’s words echoed throughout him. With a sigh he rubbed his chin on her head and closed his eyes. 

Chapter thirty eight
Eric walked down the hallway towards Ambassador Nalon’s office and entered the room to see Tikcanni putting on his gloves with a Highlander guard standing at his side. 
Eric narrowed his eyes as the tied up Kaddar seeing he yelled in Oceanan repeatedly saying his words over and over “You stinking murderer! You should die!”
Eric walked up to Tikcanni and spoke over the tied up Kaddar’s ranting in Hybrid language “I have an idea on getting him to stop his insanity so give me your knife.” 
Eric stiffened feeling a headache as Tikcanni stared at him scanning his mind then the Highlander pulled out his knife and handed the weapon to him. He rolled up his sleeve and gritted his teeth as he felt the pain from slashing his arm with the knife. He thrust the arm dripping with his blue colored blood at the yelling Kaddar who abruptly cut himself off to stare. 
Eric spoke in Oceanan “Take a look and tell me is this the blood of a murderer or a punisher?”
He stared at the Kaddar who lowered his head and spoke in the same language “Punisher not murderer.” 
Eric glared at the Kaddar and spoke “I’m aware that Palin ordered bad things people didn’t like which got them calling him Emperor Executioner. I punished Palin by scratching him on the cheek with my poisonous claws then put him in a stone slab where he couldn’t call for help where he could only do lay dying. Palin got punished by suffering from a painful death alone and being contained where he died.”
Eric paused feeling the bleeding stop and he looked at his arm to see it was quickly healing cut fading to blend among his skin on his arm. 
He added “Whoever thinks me as a murderer should know I won’t go down easily and neither will my people who stand by protecting me and those who I value. You tell the others this murderous insanity stops starting now, get it?”
He folded his arms glaring at the Kaddar who raised his head to stare at him and spoke “I get it your words."
He didn't without a word handed Tikcanni the knife that gave him a narrowed eyed glare making his senses blare warning which he spoke ignoring the feeling "Excuse me handle this Kaddar at your own discretion of punishing him. I'll see myself out."
He left the room and went to the cafeteria to stand looking around which is eyes focused onto Brent as if drawn. Eric stood watching Brent laid a hand on Arielia’s shoulder who shrugged it off. He frowned from his position watching them as Brent put hands on her shoulders which she yanked off. 
He kept his eyes on them as Arielia point a finger at Brent who stood up signing fast while understanding his words “I’m getting tired of this, Arielia! You won’t let me touch you or mate with you at all! You won’t even tell me the details of the Drainer King I got from others was said to force you into some mating ritual despite my asking!”
Eric watched as Arielia stood up and slapped Brent on the face with a hand. 
Brent continued signing with a slower pace “I think I should leave and take my chances with the Beddune. I don’t know why they insisted to me that I live with you.” 
Eric narrowed his eyes as Arielia signed “Fine!”
He saw Brent walk towards the cafeteria doors as Arielia sat down. 
Eric loudly spoke as he followed Brent out of the cafeteria “Ionela, talk to Arielia while I talk to Brent.” 
He saw Brent storm into sleeping quarters and followed the man inside. Eric waved his hands which got Brent to look at him. 
Eric signed “I saw your conversation. Tell me what’s going on?”
Brent signed “Arielia won’t let me touch her or mate with her. I tried to be gentle with Arielia by trying to teach her to touch me but she keeps getting scared and acts that way. Believe me she even won’t tell me what happened with her and the Drainer King. I know that she told you what happened to her because she told me that.”
Eric frowned as Brent paused from the signing to shake his head and then continued “I was told by the Beddune to live with Arielia in a relationship as her mate. I don’t see this relationship working out so I’m leaving.” 
Eric waved his hands as Brent turned away from him pulling at the zipper in his jumpsuit. 
Eric signed as Brent looked at him “I suggest you force the issue on getting Arielia to talk about what happened to her with the Drainer King. I have an idea on how to get her to talk but I doubt if you’ll like it.” 
Brent signed “Tell me.” 
He told Brent the idea. 
Brent signed “Who’s watching the children tonight?”
Eric exhaled air and continued signing “Ionela and Henry are watching the children tonight so you won’t be disturbed.”
He left the room entering the hallway to see Arielia standing with arms folded staring at a wall. Eric walked up to his sister and placed hands on her shoulders turning her facing him. 
He saw her eyes looked at him in the face and he mouthed “Don’t worry everything will be ok.”
Eric let go and watched as Arielia left him entering the sleeping quarters. 

Chapter thirty nine
Eric lay in the bed with Brianna next to him asleep. He stared at the ceiling and got up to pace while wearing his pajamas. Frowning he went to the bathroom doorway and heard Kurpanov’s roar and found himself stepping out of the shower stall doorway. Eric went to the bathroom doorway ajar and peered out to see a lamp on and Brent wearing underwear shorts standing in the bedroom with Arielia wearing a nightgown while sitting up in the bed. 
He watched Brent standing nearby in front of Arielia sign “I’m giving you an ultimatum, you tell me what happened with the Drainer King or I will force you to mate with me.”
Eric narrowed his eyes turning invisible as he stood watching thinking “Brent’s doing my idea.”
He saw Brent continued signing “I’m giving you now till the big hand on the clock touches the number six for you to talk. If you won’t talk once the hand touches the number then I will like I said force you to mate with me.” 
Eric folded his arms as Brent yanked off his shorts baring himself and threw them at the wall. He growled softly watching as Brent folded his arms and stared at Arielia who he saw had a look on her face which he recognized was of fear. 
Eric thought to himself “Arielia, stop being afraid.” 
Eric watched as Brent began to pace. He kept his eyes on Arielia who kept glancing at Brent and away from the male appearing to concentrate elsewhere he figured was the clock with the fear look on her face and heard her making whimpering noises. 
He stood watching the two as Brent appeared to glanced at the clock and signed “Time’s up.”  
Eric kept his eyes on Arielia as Brent lunged at her. He growled loudly seeing her turn invisible and saw the outline get up running towards the bathroom door. Eric lowered his arms in his invisible state backed up as the outline ran into the bathroom slamming and locking the door. He heard Brent pounding on the door as the outline backed up backing into him. Eric heard Arielia gasp as the outline turned around to face him. Eric appeared out of his invisibility state with a serious look on his face. He saw Arielia appear from her invisible state with a shocked look on her face. 
Eric spoke pointing to his lips for her to lip read his mouth “Mating is a pleasant thing between mates. Believe me, I know from doing it with Brianna. Ricky and Cassie are the result of that.”
He kept his eyes on Arielia who frowned and turned her head towards the door then looked at him with an expression of hope. He faded turning invisible as she went to the door and opened it. Eric smiled a small smile as Brent’s arms came through the open doorway and yanked her out of the bathroom. He walked back to the shower stall and heard Kurpanov’s roar as he walked through it. Eric found himself back in his bedroom with Brianna coming through the bathroom doorway. 
He went to the bed lying down underneath the blankets and spoon fashioned Brianna wrapping his arms around her hearing her moan out “Eric that feels good.”
Eric sighed as he rubbed his chin on the top of her head and cuddled her in his arms. He closed his eyes and fell asleep. 

Chapter forty
Eric stood facing the gangplank with arms folded keeping watch for Arielia and it was night time. He recalled to himself that morning Doctor Leif Jensen had come in the cafeteria with Aiden translating that the doctor wanted to scan them with his scanner. They each submitted to the scans from the Doctor’s scanner.
Eric remembered words the Doctor said with Aiden translating after scanning Arielia “Says she has to go to the hospital. She’s carrying offspring who will be born soon.” 
Eric remembered himself saying “Brent is her mate who is deaf like her. He will go with her.” 
He had heard Aiden say “I’m fluent in Arielia’s hand language. I’ll go to interpret for both of them.” 
Eric recalled agreeing to that. He followed them till they reached the gangplank where the rains were beginning to fall and he stood watching them leave. He had stood there for the rest of the day watching and waiting for her return as the rains fell harder. He heard a throat clearing sound and looked to see Brianna standing under the ceiling lights that shined above, next to him. Rain was falling hard outside the cruise ship despite the darkness of night outside. 
He frowned as Brianna spoke “Eric, don’t worry, she’ll be back. Come inside, get some sleep and food.” 
Eric looked away and felt her put a hand on his arm which he spoke “Not until she’s back safe and sound, Brianna.” 
He heard Brianna exhale air as she spoke “Eric, I know you worry about Arielia and want to protect her but she’s a grown woman who can handle herself. I remember Arielia’s words after Ionela told her that you stood here in the same spot the whole time she was gone when your father was alive. Your sister said ‘Eric has been acting as my protector ever since we found out about each other. He should know that I can take care of myself for there are people willing to help.’”
Eric bowed his head as Brianna paused then continued “You don’t have to protect her all the time. Just for once, let others help Arielia and protect her. Please, Eric, come get some food and sleep. I know after Arielia came back from leaving, you were a wreck from no eating and sleeping for a time period. This resulted of your father locking you up which you left becoming Claws.”
Eric groaned as he felt Brianna’s hands tug his arm as she added “Come with me, Eric. Please let others protect Arielia and take care of her. Please, I’m begging you.” 
Eric sighed and lowered his arms. He allowed Brianna to pull him from the deck where he followed her. They reached the hallway, entering it and entered the cafeteria through the double doors. He saw Lana with Yuri and Ionela with Henry watching the children playing in the corner as he and Brianna entered the room. Eric groaned as Brianna led him to a table and forced him to a chair. He sat with hands on his lap watching Brianna get food and drink onto a tray from the units sitting in front of a wall. Eric sighed as his stomach grumbled while feeling hunger through out himself. His nose smelled the food and his mouth watered as Brianna set the tray down in front of him. Eric attacked the food eating ravenously with a fork. 
Once finished with the food, he gulped down the drink from the drink bottle and heard Brianna speak “Feel better, Eric?”
He nodded his head and lowered the empty drink bottle onto the tray sighing loudly. Eric sensed Brianna in a standing position wrap her arms around him from his left side pulling him towards her form.  
He heard her speak with a happy tone “My Eric, safe and sound, just the way I like him.”
Eric with his head on her form sighed loudly closing his eyes and placed a gloved hand on her arm rubbing it then felt regret as she broke it off. He got up and paced in the cafeteria with his arms folded. 
He heard Ionela yell “Eric, what did I tell you about your pacing?
Eric groaned and spoke to his sister “I’m going to my quarters since the pacing is bothering you.” 
He left the cafeteria and walked inside the sleeping quarters yanking off his shirt. Eric sensed a presence behind him and spun around as he felt pain in his right side. He fell towards the floor with a groan, gloved hand on the area where he felt a thin round cylinder object that felt cold to the touch sticking out of his skin. Groaning he looked up to see a Kaddar an Aquarian with a gun in hand aimed at him, standing in front of the doorway. 
Eric pulled at the object slowly yanking it as the Kaddar spoke “Palin.”
He felt himself frozen as motion in the room stopped. He saw Hades walk into the room with a black bladed knife in his left hand grab the Kaddar yanking the Aquarian out of the room. Eric groaned as he felt he could move again and pulled at the object stuck in his skin as Doctor Leif Jensen came in the room dropping two bags on the floor. Hades followed him with his knife sheathed. 
Eric spoke “The bullet, take it out now. It’s ice which would melt into water that will kill me like poison.”
He heard Hades speaking foreign language as the Doctor rushed towards him and examined his side. Eric felt the doctor reach into one of his bags and yanked out a metal object which he clamped on the bullet pulling it out. Eric sighed with relief feeling the bullet out of him. 
He heard the doctor gasp out words in foreign language which Hades spoke “Says your skin is healing up by itself.” 
Eric felt the area and could feel no bullet hole. He slowly got up with Hades’ help and he grabbed his shirt putting it on. He went to the table in the corner and picked up the tape recorder placing it in his pocket. Groaning Eric walked out of the room to see two sets of Aquarians lying on the floor. Two were wearing Kaddar uniforms lying unconscious and the other two were wearing brown smooth clothing while having twin clawed hands as his that were shaking their heads groaning loudly. Eric groaned as he went to the cafeteria followed by the doctor and Hades. He went to a chair and sat rubbing a hand on his side as the others gathered around him with concerned looks on their faces. 
Eric spoke “A Kaddar shot me with an ice bullet which the doctor took out. Hades, bring the Kaddar inside the cafeteria and put their handcuffs on them to put them on chairs.” 
He heard Hades speaking words in the doctor’s language before leaving the room. Eric watched the door as Hades walked back inside the room with the two unconscious Kaddar under his arms with their hands behind their backs which he placed them each on a chair.
Eric groaned and then he growled loudly as he heard Brianna yell “Now!”
He felt Brianna wrap her arms around him putting his head onto her form as the rages arrive and he roared loudly as a memory came to his mind’s eye. Eric jerked his head as the memory’s contents played in his head. He felt Brianna rub her hands on his back as he sighed loudly.
Eric could see the others around him and he spoke as the two Aquarians wearing brown smooth clothing entered the room “I have something for you all to do.”
Eric heard the doctor speak foreign language as Hades spoke “Says what’s going on with you acting angry?”
Eric replied as his words were translated by Hades to the doctor “I have rages of great uncontrollable anger that come and go without my control. Who ever are around me when I have the rages better not have the fear emotion for I will attack them and it doesn’t matter who they are.” 
He paused to turn his head towards the brown smooth clothing wearing Aquarians and spoke “I have an order for you. Go to the Oceanan Headquarters to demand that Tikcanni come here with just one guard that must be a Highlander, now. Be insistent when you confront them to bring Tikcanni to you to deliver my request.” 
The Aquarians nodded their heads and left the cafeteria. Eric moved his head towards the children standing in a row at his left side. 
He spoke “I want the children in their bedrooms with an adult inside and the doors locked. Don’t come out till its morning. I don’t want them here when Tikcanni arrives. Doctor, I suggest you leave to another part of the Shadonian Headquarters with Hades and stay there till the Shadonia report getting a radio message that requests the doctor here. Brianna, your to stay with me”
Eric watched as the children left the cafeteria followed by the others. He stood up stretching as Brianna laid a hand on his left arm. 
Eric spoke while noticing the concerned look on her face “Brianna, trust me when Tikcanni arrives, you stand behind me and stay there with a hand gripping my shoulder. Don’t let go of my shoulder for anything.”
He saw her face turned to confusion as he grabbed her arms pulling her towards him and continued “Tikcanni is a Highlander who can read minds. I can’t tell you everything because Tikcanni will read your mind and you’re not aware of it. I’m aware of my mind being scanned and I’ll know if he’s scanning me. I’ll tell you once this is over.”
Eric lowered his head putting his hands on her cheeks to kiss her on the mouth. He felt one of her hands on his cheek resting there as he kissed her. Eric broke the kiss and laid his chin on her forehead. He lowered his hands to grip her in a hug with his arms. Eric moaned loudly as he felt Brianna place her hands on his chest rubbing and lower her head on his shoulder. He let go removing Brianna from him and he turned around to face the doors to the cafeteria with his arms at his sides. Eric sighed feeling Brianna place a hand on his left shoulder gripping it from behind him. He pulled out the recorder and pressed a button then placed it in a pocket of his pants then folded his arms waiting seemingly lengthy to him. Eric stood with eyes narrowed as the familiar Aquarians with Tikcanni and a Highlander guard came into the room. The Aquarians faded turning invisible as Eric stared at Tikcanni. 
Eric calmly spoke in Oceanan “I see you got my message, Tikcanni.” 
Tikcanni spoke in the same language “I see why you’re so insisting that I come here despite the late time of the night. Appears I see two of my Kaddar guards are sitting in chairs handcuffed. What did they do this time to get that treatment?”
Eric spoke “One of them shot me with a gun firing a frozen water bullet which he missed. I had them tortured for information which one of them screamed that he’ll do anything for his brother and gave the information. I had them put to a sleep state just to spare them any pain.”
He paused to see Tikcanni fold his arms and saw the Highlander’s mouth turn into a thin line and he added “They told me all sorts of interesting information, Tikcanni or should I say Emperor Pavel Palin?”
Eric watched as Tikcanni lowered his arms slowly with his mouth turning into a frown and he continued “The information states that you, Tikcanni are the Emperor. It was your missing brother Paul that died posing as yourself.”
Eric lowered his arms as he saw Tikcanni place a hand on his holstered gun at his side with a glare on his face. The guard besides Tikcanni did the same placing a hand on his gun. 
Eric continued speaking “He started posing as the Emperor after your mate Empress Meduna Palina disappeared attacked by Kaddar guards hence you hiding as Tikcanni.” 
Tikcanni spoke with a snarling tone “You stinking murderer, you killed Paul, my brother, because of your revenge towards my people, the Highlanders for what they did to you mind wiping you and manipulating you to become Claws. I saw it clearly in your mind when I scanned you. I had you whipped as punishment and I was going to have the Empress order you killed but that doctor had to take a sample of your blood revealing you as part of the ancient Terranian legend. Now because of that, people see you as a punisher and not a murderer like you really are.”
Eric placed a hand in his pocket and slowly pulled out the tape recorder and held it up speaking “I lied when I said the two Kaddar were tortured. I was referring to my time as Claws which I did torture two Kaddar, both Aquarians. I as Claws did send the two Kaddar to some place hidden to keep others from finding out that they talked and what information they gave me.”
Eric stared at Tikcanni who yanked out his gun in a fast motion firing it at him several times. Eric jerked groaning feeling the bullets hit him in the chest bouncing off of him. Eric looked out of the corners of his eyes to see the guard from behind took out his gun raising it behind Tikcanni and brought it down hard on the Highlander’s head in a fast motion. Tikcanni, he saw jerked his head, dropping his gun and closed his eyes falling towards the floor unconscious. The guard bent down and pulled Tikcanni’s arms together and placed handcuffs on his wrists locking them together. Eric pressed a button on the tape recorder which stopped with a click sound. 
He groaned rubbing a hand on his chest and spoke to the guard who straightened up to stand next to a lying Tikcanni “Go alert the Shadonia about these three and to demand Empress Palina Borsova’s presence at the headquarters now. She should hear the contents of the tape and see what further action should be taken.”
The guard nodded his head before turning invisible which Eric saw the outline walk out of the room. With a frown he undid Brianna’s ironclad grip from his left shoulder and pulled her with a confused look on her face to face him. He placed the tape recorder back in his pocket and pulled Brianna in a hug while feeling her hands touch his chest. 
Eric sighed loudly and spoke in Hybrid language while staring at her confused face “My rages I just had brought a memory of myself being Claws torturing two Kaddar, for information which I remembered what the information’s contents were. The Kaddar revealed that Emperor Pavel Palin started hiding as Tikcanni after the attack on his mate. He has a twin look alike brother named Paul who was posing as the Emperor when I killed him.”
Brianna, he could see frowned hearing his words. Eric sighed feeling Brianna rub his sore chest with her hands. 
He spoke “Let’s stand in the hallway and wait for the Empress to come. I have words on this recorder I want to play for her.”
He let go of Brianna who gripped his arm and the two left the cafeteria to the hallway. He went to stand in front of his open bedroom doorway with his back to it. 
Eric spoke “Brianna, stand behind me, put your hand on my shoulder and keep it there no matter what happens.”
Eric folded his arms as Brianna went to stand behind him while putting her hand on his left shoulder gripping it. He stood in the hallway again seemingly lengthy. Eric heard the double doors nearby down the hallway open revealing the Empress with three Kaddar guards all Highlanders came out. 
The Empress with guards walked up to him and she spoke in Oceanan “What is it that requires you to have me here so early in the morning?”
Eric replied in the same language while holding up the tape recorder “Something you should hear.” 
He played the contents of the tape while watching the Empress’s face. He saw her eyes behind her glasses narrow and her lips turn into a frown then her head turned to look beyond him. Eric looked to see Tikcanni come out with the two Aquarian guards which he growled to himself. The tape gave off a whining squeal which Eric shut it off with a switch of a button and placed it back in his pocket. 
Eric spoke as Tikcanni and Aquarians walked to stand next to him “I submit to a mind scan.” 
The Empress spoke with annoyance in her voice tone “Do it.” 
One of the Kaddar stepped forward yanking off his gloves which he placed his bare hands on Eric’s cheeks. Eric stared at the Kaddar’s eyes as he felt the headache of his mind being scanned. Then the Kaddar let go of his cheeks to place gloves back on. 
The Kaddar spoke “A Highlander wiped his memories from his mind before he became Claws. After he was returned he could only remember his people’s names but not his time with them. His memories would only come whenever he had his hated rages hence his anger towards our kind.” 
Eric saw the Empress fold her arms with a frown on her lips. He jerked as Tikcanni grabbed his arm and felt a prick of pain followed by a choking sensation. Eric groaned falling to his knees as Brianna gasped grabbing him. 
He fell towards the ground into a lying position on his side and heard Tikcanni speak “I revealed myself to the Kaddar who assure me of their loyalty. Take his recording device and Eric’s mate to the headquarters now.”
Eric growled as he saw two Kaddar guards grab Brianna yanking her who struggled against their grip. He felt one of the Kaddar paw him and growled choking as they took out his recording device. He raised a hand towards Brianna as he saw Tikcanni and group left him walking down the hallway entering the stairwell behind the double doors. Eric groaned growling while closing his eyes struggling to breathe. He lay there till he heard running footfalls and opened his eyes when he felt hands on him shaking him. 
Eric seeing Hades with the doctor kneeling next to him raised his left arm towards them while groaning out “There’s a needle hidden in my sleeve, take it out and inject me with it. I’ve been poisoned for it’s the antidote.” 
He heard Hades speaking words in foreign language as the warrior pulled at his sleeve and took out a needle syringe which he handed to the doctor. Eric grimaced feeling the prick of pain as the doctor injected the needle in his arm and he sighed feeling the choking sensation leave him. 
Eric sat up as the doctor spoke words which Hades said “Says what’s going on to get you poisoned?”
Eric replied his words said in a foreign language by Hades to the doctor “I discovered Emperor Pavel Palin posing as Tikcanni and confronted him who he poisoned me. His look alike twin brother Paul was posing as the Emperor when I killed him.” 
He frowned as the doctor gasped then spoke words which Hades translated “Says this explains the tests result on the disappeared Emperor Palin not comparable as the mate of Empress Meduna Palina.”
Eric got up with Hades’ help and he spoke “I have to go to Oceana’s Headquarters. They took Brianna, my mate with them.”
He heard Hades speak foreign language and watched as the doctor nodded his head and took off running down the hallway entering beyond large set of doors which swung behind him. 
Eric spoke “Hades, I need help getting there.” 
Hades spoke “I’ll transport you by globe to there and I’m coming inside with you.” 
Eric groaned “Unnecessary Hades, I can handle myself.”
He took a step towards the doors to the stairs and felt Hades grab him by the neck and thrust his form to a wall. 
Eric groaned hands on Hades’ arm as the warrior spoke “I said I’m coming inside with you. I don’t want to hear another protest of this from you, get it?”
Eric stared at Hades who thrust his golden eyed orbed mostly black face close to his. 
He spoke “I get it, Hades.” 
Hades let go of him and Eric went to the doors leading to the stairwell followed by the warrior. Eric walked followed by Hades reaching the gangplank and walked on it. Eric could see light of the sun shining in the sky as he reached the land deck. He turned to stare at Hades and frowned seeing a small globe come out of the warrior’s chest and get bigger surrounding them. Eric adjusted his feet as he stood in the globe moving over the city and landed in front of a building. The globe reverted getting smaller and went back into Hades’ chest. Eric walked up the steps pass a ramp to Oceana’s headquarters and opened the door. He went inside and flinched hearing the noise of the door slamming from behind loudly. Kaddar guards stood scattered around the room with guns in their hands pointed at Eric and Hades. 
Eric spoke in Oceanan “My mate, Brianna was taken by Tikcanni to here. Return her and I won’t cause any harm to you.”
Eric stiffened as he felt Hades grabbed his arm from behind him and felt metal clamped on his wrist followed by the warrior grabbing his other arm with the metal clamping feeling. He growled feeling the handcuffs on his wrists locking them together and found himself airborne which he landed on the hard cold floor in front of a desk. 
Eric twisted his form to face Hades who shouted in Oceanan “You leave my female, Georgina and my children alone!” 
Eric stared at Hades who turned around and left the room through the building’s entrance slamming the door loudly behind him. He growled inwardly as two Kaddar grabbed his arms lifting him up and once in a standing position they force walked him to an elevator. Eric growled loudly while feeling the confines of the elevator that went up in a fast motion. The elevator stopped and the Kaddar forced him out down a hallway towards a door where a guard standing in front of it opened the door. Inside the room Eric narrowed his eyes snarling loudly when he saw Tikcanni standing, arms folded with guards scattered. Sitting on a couch in front of Tikcanni he saw was the Empress who looked up with a glare on her face from holding a book in her hand. The guards pulled him to a door with windows in it as Tikcanni walked to stand in front of him halting their process. 
Tikcanni spoke in Hybrid language “Once the sun sets after rising is when you’ll be executed as ordered by me. Your people will be spared from this fate for I’ll see to it. I suggest you say your good byes to Brianna and consider that a request I’m granting. I never got to say goodbye to my mate.”
Eric growled as one of the Kaddar opened the windowed door as another took off his handcuffs and a third pushed him into the room closing the door behind him. Eric fisted his hands to his head as he felt the rages arrive and stiffened as he felt a headache of his mind being scanned followed by the anger leaving him calm. He lowered his hands to look around the room which he saw was the same one Ricky was kept in as he felt the headache leave him. Frowning Eric turned his eyes onto the bed to see Brianna lying there asleep on her side with back to him facing the wall. Eric sighed and went to the bed lying down on it. 
He spoon fashioned Brianna who stirred opening her eyes as he put his arms around her speaking in her ear “My sweet Brianna.” 
He heard a gasp from Brianna followed by her speaking “Eric?”
Eric spoke “Yes it’s me and I’m alright, Brianna.” 
He adjusted his arms as Brianna twisted her form to face him with her hands going to his chest rubbing. 
Eric spoke “Tikcanni has ordered my execution once the sun sets. He’ll spare you and the others like I wanted.” 
Brianna groaned out “Eric-“
He interrupted “Brianna, I’m willing to die for you and the others to live. Don’t worry about me there’ll be people who’ll help you take care of the children.”
Eric paused as he saw tears watered Brianna’s eyes and heard her sniff. He took one of her hands to his cheek and placed it there as he lowered his face to hers touching her lips kissing her. 
He broke off the kiss and while looking in her tear stained eyes he spoke “Brianna, one thing I should tell you. I hated having the rages that come and go. I never liked them controlling me to attack and hurt people whenever they have the fear emotion. Alexei on the tape, remember, said he tried every thing conceivable to stop the rages. None of them worked for I still get them. The day I told you I couldn’t take it any more after having the rages, I went without you knowing to the tube room to put myself in a tube.”
He paused as Brianna gasped hearing his words. 
Eric continued lowering his voice to a whisper tone “Kurpanov stopped me by revealing to me that I’m his brother along with another of his kind. He told me he discovered the reason why I attack people which is what I said the fear emotion. He told me of you begging Alexei to not put me in a tube the day they did that.” 
He stopped talking as Brianna whimpered loudly and he kissed her on the forehead then placed his gloved hand on her hand resting on his cheek. He stared at her face which showed sadness along with tears falling from her brown eyes.  
Eric added while rubbing her hand on his cheek still in the whispering tone “It’s alright, Brianna, I see death as a cure to stop my rages. If I have to die leaving you to stop them, I welcome it. I know that you’ll tell Ricky and Cassie about me. I also know that Kossman, my father, gave you access to information about me which I hope you’ll show to the children once their old enough. Don’t worry about me, if there’s life after death, I’ll be watching you always.” 
He placed his hands on the sides of Brianna’s head rubbing her as her arms went around his neck as she placed her forehead on his chin. 
He closed his eyes while hearing her sniffing and put his arms around her as she spoke whispering her words “Eric, there’s a reason why I wanted you as my mate. It wasn’t loneliness it was a feeling I can only describe as an emotion which your father told me was called love. I saw your picture after being assigned as a guard to the prison you and the Hybrids were staying in. I had that feeling which was something inside me waked up after lying asleep for a long time. The feeling persisted bothering me for days that it made me want to learn more about you. I told you I signed up as a member of the search party to find you which I did.”
Eric frowned opening his eyes as Brianna paused then continued speaking “I wasn’t the only one suffering from that feeling. Henry admitted to me after your capture that he had a feeling for your sister which caused him to act on it mating with her. Alexei wasn’t happy about the mating but he accepted that. I choose to be your mate based on the feeling towards you which I still have whenever I see you and feel your arms around me or my hands on you. Your father, one day, after you were gone, asked me about how I felt about you. I told him about the feeling which he told me what it was. I know you have that feeling because I see you look at me with affection in your eyes whenever you see me.”
Eric rubbed Brianna’s back as he felt her arms leave his neck and her hands went to his chest rubbing. 
He heard her add “After you came back from being Claws, I was sad when you told me that you couldn’t remember anything involved living at the ship but you knew our names. It pained me that all I saw in your eyes was anger and not a look of affection. I could see this anger consuming you in your movements and your behavior. I know that your rages brought scattered memories which you had no control. I sought to find ways to restore you and I did beg Merra after Lana told me about her. Even when you were tied up I asked Merra to take me to Kurpanov to beg him to restore you which she agreed to do.”
Eric groaned as Brianna paused to move her head looking at his golden eyes with her brown ones as she spoke “All I always wanted was my Eric despite him suffering from the rages, look at me with affection in his eyes, giving me tenderness when he holds me with his arms around me.” 
He stared at Brianna as she placed a hand on his cheek and kissed his lips and broke it off to settle her head next to his with her eyes closed. 
Eric heard her speak “I love you, Eric.” 
He felt her arms go around his neck in a hug and sensed her breathing get deeper as she fell asleep. Eric stared at the wall with the window above him showing the sun light shining through. He tightened his hold around Brianna and placed his chin on top of her head rubbing. 
Eric whispered “I love you, Brianna.” 
He closed his eyes as tears fell from them as he silently wept. 

Chapter forty one
The door to the room slammed open as Eric jerked his head up as he heard from behind him Tikcanni’s voice speaking in Hybrid language “Eric, get out. I have a job for you to do. Should you refuse I won’t spare the others.” 
Eric growled loudly as he removed Brianna’s arms from around him. He heard her groan some sound but stayed asleep as he got up from the bed and walked to the doorway where two Kaddar stood in front of Tikcanni. Growling he stood as the two Kaddar grabbed his arms pulling them behind him and he felt the handcuffs put on his wrists locking them together. Eric turned his head to look longingly at Brianna’s sleeping form as he was force walked out of the room. He passed by the Empress who didn’t look up from reading a book in her hands. The Kaddar with Tikcanni in the lead took Eric out of the quarters to the elevator which went down. The elevator stopped as he was led out to a dimly lit bricked hallway with pipes in the ceiling and metal doors on both sides. Eric snarled some growl as the group reached a door where a Kaddar stood in front of it. The Kaddar, a Highlander nodded his head, turned around and undid the bolt of the metal door opening it. Eric was pushed inside where he frowned seeing the familiar room remembering it was the same type of room that he woke up in a wheelchair. He looked at his left to see sitting in wheelchairs, chained to them, in a row, were three Aquarians without any article of clothing on them. Eric stiffened seeing the Aquarians with head bowed and eyes closed each had a claw mark on their cheeks seen. 
He looked at Tikcanni who spoke “I want you to kill them. Feel free to use your poisonous claws, snap their necks or punch them if you want. Should you refuse I’ll give you reasons why you should do it.” 
Eric narrowed his eyes in a glare at Tikcanni who continued “Ricky, Cassie, Harry, and Anna. The latest reason is a Highlander female named Erica recently born in the hospital to your sister Arielia.”
Eric growled loudly as the handcuffs were taken off and he felt himself pushed further into the room. 
Tikcanni added “I have business that needs me. I expect when I come back, them, dead.” 
Eric stood with hands to the sides watching as Tikcanni left the room followed by the guards. He flinch hearing the door slam close behind them with a loud bang. Growling Eric yanked off his gloves placing them in his pocket and went to the nearest Aquarian. He put a hand on the Aquarian’s chest and felt slow movement of breathing. Eric removed his hand and brought his fist into the Aquarian’s forehead. The head jerked back but went back to its position. Growling he dug his clawed hand into the Aquarian’s bare chest and tugged making deep grooved gashes. Then he grabbed the Aquarian’s head and twisted the neck while hearing a snapping sound. Eric went to the other Aquarians repeating his scratching their chests with his clawed hand and grabbing the necks twisting them while hearing snapping sounds. Once finished he went to the brick wall and sat down with his back leaning against the wall and yanked out his gloves putting them on. Frowning he stared at the door and closed his eyes falling asleep. 

Eric jerked his eyes open when he heard the door open and looked to see Tikcanni come in the room followed by guards who went to each Aquarian in wheelchairs and pushed them out of the room. Eric got up as Brianna arrived pushed into the room by a guard. Tikcanni, Eric saw stood with arms folded with a glare on his face as Brianna reached him wrapping her arms around him as he did the same to her. Eric stared at Tikcanni who opened his mouth to speak when the lights above went out. Eric blinked his eyes as night vision arrived. 
Tikcanni spoke in Oceanan “Drat, those Humanians. What do they want this time?”
He stared at Tikcanni and the Kaddar who picked at a round thick medallion on their chests of their uniforms. Eric blinked his eyes as rays of lights appeared shining from the medallions. 
A Kaddar he saw arrived into the room with a lighted medallion on his chest speaking “Power to the building is out according to back up sensors.” 
Eric heard Tikcanni growl out “Keep those two locked in here and set off the water once the power is restored. Eric’s execution must go on as scheduled. I’ll go see what the Humanians want.” 
Eric growled as Tikcanni and the Kaddar left the room slamming the door with a bang. He felt Brianna put her hands on his chest rubbing as he heard her sigh loudly. Eric frowned as he felt the familiar headache of his mind being scanned and looked around the empty room before staring at the door. He heard Brianna groan when the lights above came back on followed by the door opening. Eric sighed feeling the headache went away. 
A Kaddar, a Highlander walked in the room speaking in Basic “The Humanians have captured Tikcanni. Their demanding for the both of you or they’ll cause physical harm to Tikcanni so follow me.” 
Eric glared at the Kaddar’s back as the two followed the Highlander out of the room to a door which he opened to reveal a stairway going both up and down. He heard Brianna sigh some sound as they followed the Kaddar down the stairs to a doorway which the Highlander opened to reveal a hallway with a door at the end where two devices looking smashed up lay on the sides of the doorway. Eric narrowed his eyes to see others standing around there attending to three sitting on the floor shaking their heads. The Kaddar paused from their movements as Eric and Brianna walked to the door. One of them went to the door, Eric saw, knocked on the door and it opened a crack. 
Eric heard a loud guttural male voice speak in Basic from behind the doorway “Kaddar better have Eric and his girl this time.” 
The Kaddar spoke pointing at Eric and Brianna “Eric and his girl are here, release Tikcanni.” 
The door opened showing inky blackness as the male voice spoke “No uh, not until our Leader has a private talk with them in our territory so get in, Eric and his girl now.” 
Eric growled as one of the Kaddar thrust him a medallion with a light shining on it. Eric took it and handed the medallion to Brianna as they walked beyond the doorway. The door slammed closed behind them. Eric looked around to see four figures with male appearances with short hair stood gathered around him and Brianna. He could see with his night vision that they had a Human appearance with clawed fingers while wearing shiny metallic like clothing. 
One of them spoke in Basic with a male voice “Follow Yun while Yun takes you to Jon our Leader.” 
Eric frowned as the male he assumed was of the species Humanian walked down the hallway with a cave entrance at the other end with him and Brianna following. The group walked through the cave and entered a large cave with a set of stairs going down. Eric looked to see down below the stairs were rows of tents of all sizes bordering a still lake with Humanians, male and female and children scattered around them. The group went down the stairs reaching the bottom walking on the dirt floor. Eric turned his head looking at the Humanians as he and Brianna followed Yun he assumed was the male's name passed tents to a large odd shaped tent bigger than the other tents. Eric watched as Yun stopped to speak foreign language at two Humanians standing in front of the large ten who nodded their heads then Yun howled a sound loudly. Eric folded his arms frowning as the lower part of the tent swished aside showing an entrance and a Humanian dressed like Yun with longer hair pulled back in a tail peered out. He, Eric saw had visible scratch scar markings on his cheeks. The Humanian he eyed warily came out of the tent with the cloth swishing back in place behind him. 
Yun spoke “This is Jon our leader.” 
Eric stared at the Humanian Jon who nodded his head while narrowing his eyes at him and Brianna. 
Jon spoke “Hades told us you’re Claws and that the proof is a marking on your back. Show us your back, Eric.”
Eric turned around his back to Jon while pulling up his shirt baring it. He saw male Humanians walk forward to surround them in a semi circle while holding long objects in their hands. 
He frowned as he heard Jon speak “Ah uh, Claws as proven. Turn around Eric.” 
Eric obeyed turning around to stare at Jon who folded his arms bowing his head closing his eyes. Eric sensed Brianna stood in front of him abruptly put her arms around him in a hug. Eric closed his eyes as he felt the headache of his mind scanned followed by the rages come and fisted his hands as a memory arrived in his mind. In the memory it showed him as Claws walking past the cave entrance to the stairs and flying over the Humanians who were yelling running in all directions. Claws landed and were surrounded by Humanians with objects pointed at him. 
One of them stepped forwards speaking in Basic “Jon the Leader of the Humanians wants to know who you are.” 
Claws charged at Jon hitting him in the forehead with a fist. Jon groaned jerking his head up as Humanians standing around fell to the floor lying still with their eyes open. Claws grabbed Jon clawing his face with his clawed hands making grooved scratches on the cheeks then putting him over his shoulder and jumped up to the stairs landing on top of the first stair. He proceeded to carry a groaning Jon pass the cave entrance through two sets of doorways reaching the lighted stairs. Claws carried Jon up the stairs and reached a lighted hallway that had doors in them which he kicked opened a door that showed a large room with lighted lamps and windows that showed the shining sun. He dropped Jon in front of the windows putting him in kneeling position facing the sun and patted him on the cheeks. 
Jon opened his eyes and screamed out in Basic “Eye burner, put Jon in the darkness now!”
Claws put a hand over Jon’s mouth while speaking in the same language “I have questions I expected answered starting with what species are you?”
Claws removed his hand as Jon groaned closing his eyes and spoke “We’re called Humanians, don’t mistake us as Humans.” 
Claws spoke grabbing Jon’s head pointing it up towards his standing position “Why did your people fall when I hit you on the head?”
Jon replied groaning “Humanians are linked by Jon’s mind. Jon can mind walk them but they can’t do that. Knocking Jon out knocks the link to the Humanians and they die. The link must be restored for them to live-” 
Claws interrupted “Interesting, what about mind walking other species’ minds?”
Jon spoke still groaning out “Jon can mind walk other species’ minds and knows what their thinking.” 
Claws let go of Jon’s head and walked away as Jon continued with a begging tone “Please put Jon with own people. The link must be restored for them to live.” 
Claws stopped walking and spoke “I don’t give a care.” 
He continued walking towards the open doorway as Jon behind him yelled “Please, please Jon will do anything!”
Claws reached the doorway turned around and spoke “That’s not good enough Jon.” 
Claws turned and walked through the doorway disappearing in a light show. 

Eric shook his head groaning loudly as he felt Brianna put a hand on his chest while her other hand was felt holding onto the medallion sat on his shoulder. Eric opened his eyes as the headache left him to stare at Jon who opened his eyes raising his head to look at him with anger. 
Eric groaned as Jon spoke in an angry tone “Jon has not forgotten Claws leaving own self with the eye burners. Jon couldn’t get relief from the eye burners no matter where Jon crawled. Jon tells Eric what happened after Claws left. Jon used mind walking power to call for help and got Tikcanni with his Kaddar to arrive. Tikcanni mind walked Jon’s mind very deeply torturing Jon by learning every secret Jon knows. Jon begged repeatedly to Tikcanni to return Jon to people. Tikcanni didn’t listen instead called Jon an evolved Human. Tikcanni had Jon taken to place called by name Hospital where Jon went through torturous tests of people called doctors sticking Jon with pain and sticking eye burners in own eyes. Tikcanni, Jon later learn sent other Humanians to Hospital where doctors did tests on them. Jon during the torturous tests kept begging to be returned to home to be with people. After the tests Jon knocked out woke up in the hallway Eric and girl came in to the cave entrance with Humanians the same number as Jon’s fingers on a hand, who they did tests on, lying on the floor. Jon established link and discovered Humanians lying in the hallway were already dead.”
Eric frowned hearing Jon’s words as the Humanian paused from talking to speak in a foreign language. Eric jerked as he felt a prick of pain in his back while hearing Brianna screaming his name with her clutching at him as he fell towards the dirt ground falling unconscious. 

Chapter forty two
Eric came to hearing voices speaking in foreign language from lying on something flat. He shook his head and discovered a blind fold was covering his eyes and his hands were tied behind him by ropes. 
Eric sat up groaning as he heard Jon’s voice speaking in Basic with an angry tone “About time you woke up, Eric.” 
He stiffened as he heard Brianna scream “Eric!”
Eric groaned as he heard a splash sound followed by splashing and choking sounds then by silence. 
He yelled as he pulled on the ropes “Brianna!”
Eric heard Jon spoke “That should take care of her.” 
Eric roared yanking at the ropes as anger arrived. He growled loudly and snapped the ropes apart pulling them off as he brought his hands to his face and yanked off the blindfold tossing it aside. Eric shook his head gasping as he saw Brianna with her hands tied standing at the beach of the lake a short distance away in front of him with Jon holding a knife to her throat with Humanians stood at their sides with lake water between him on the platform and the Humanians.
Eric stood up as Jon spoke “Eric surrounded by water which Jon knows will kill Eric.”
He looked down to see he was on a large square platform in the dark water.
Jon spoke again “Perhaps Jon should kill this girl in payment for what Eric did as Claws to Jon.” 
Eric growled out “Your quarrel is with me and not with her. You leave Brianna out of this.” 
Eric narrowed his eyes at Jon as the Humanian pressed the knife edge on Brianna’s throat who's eyes moved squinting unseeing in the darkness. 
Jon spoke “Why should Jon leave Brianna out of this? The Humanians that died were own family and there should be payment for this with her death.” 
Eric spoke pleading “Please, don’t kill Brianna, kill me instead.” 
He saw Jon put a hand on Brianna’s head yanking her head up as the Humanian spoke “Eric’s death is not satisfactory but hers will.” 
Eric spoke again in the pleading tone “Please, please, I’ll do anything for her.” 
He kept his eyes on Jon who raised the knife to Brianna’s face touching her cheek with the sideways tip of it. 
Jon spoke “Eric will do anything for her? No uh, Jon begged to Claws to return Jon to people. Eric as Claws said words which Jon will say, that’s not good enough and don’t give a care.”
Eric groaned out seeing Jon press the knife in Brianna’s cheek “Please don’t kill her, I can’t live without her.”
Eric roared out as the knife dug into Brianna’s cheek making a small cut “No!” 
Jon, Eric glared at, removed the knife and spoke words in foreign language. Eric saw a Humanian female grabbed Brianna by the arms and yanked her away as he heard a loud howling sound. 
Jon spoke “Jon wanted elsewhere. Jon wants Eric to think of a good reason why his girl should live when Jon comes back. Jon will cut her throat if reason isn’t good enough.” 
Eric kneel tears falling from his eyes weeping, rocking his form as he saw Jon and Humanians walk away. He laid down curling in a ball still weeping as he closed his eyes surrendering to the darkness of sleep. 

Eric jerked his eyes awake to discover himself lying on the dirt ground while feeling a hand patting his cheek. He saw Humanians standing surrounding him one kneeling next to him patting his cheek. 
The kneeling Humanian spoke “Sorry Jon treat Eric like this, for Jon’s angry that Jon’s girl, Kiara carrying a baby is in can’t be waken dreaming state despite Jon’s efforts.”
Eric groaned shaking his head and felt the kneeling Humanian grab his arm pulling him up to a standing position. Eric closed his eyes growling while placing his hands on his head fisting them as he felt the familiar feeling of the rages arrive. He roared yanking his hands away from his face and opened his eyes seeing dark blue movements surrounded by whiteness scattered around him. Eric growling loudly charged with fists flying. His hands in fists hit hard as Eric attacked the movements surrounding him. He felt hands grab his swinging arms as arms wrapped around his front from behind restraining him. Eric jerked roaring struggling against the hands and arms holding him. He heard voices speaking faintly words not understood and growled loudly as hands touched his cheeks. The hands trailed down his throat to his chest stopping to rub the area in a familiar rhythm. 
Eric shut his eyes closed groaning loudly as he sensed Brianna’s familiar hands massaging his chest and heard her voice speaking “Eric, stop it, calm down, I’m alright.”
He calmed down as the angry rages went away and forced opened his eyes to look at Brianna who stared at his shoulder her eyes unseeing him in the darkness. 
Eric saw her cheek where a thin line was in place of the cut as she spoke again “Eric-” 
He interrupted “Brianna.” 
Eric felt the hands and arms holding him let go as he brought his hands to Brianna’s back rubbing the area. He felt Brianna wrap her arms around him as she leaned her head on his shoulder. 
Eric moved his hands to wrap them around her in a hug and spoke “I love you, Brianna. Don’t ever leave me, not for anything.”
He sighed as Brianna move her forehead onto his neck and heard her speak “I won’t leave you if you won’t leave me either.”
Eric heard several howls that sounded as Humanians around him howled calls. The howls went silent as he heard a throat clearing noise from his right side while feeling a hand touch his shoulder. He looked at the Humanian with a glare. 
The Humanian removed his hand speaking “Jon’s girl, Kiara is awake by Merra as said by Hades from her can’t be waken dreaming state. Come, Min will take both to the entrance. Both along with Tikcanni are freed as payment for helping Jon with his sickness and his girl.” 
Eric let go of Brianna as she did the same. He pulled one of her arms around his arm and followed the Humanian, while he guiding Brianna through the darkness. They reached the stairs and Eric saw Tikcanni walking up them guided by a Humanian. They reached the hallway leaving the cave entrance. Eric blinked his eyes to see the doorway open showing light. He could see Hades standing in the darkness by his night vision next to the doorway with arms folded. 
He watched as Jon grabbed Tikcanni by the throat who gagged loudly with a hand speaking “Jon has not forgotten what Tikcanni did to Jon and own people.”
Eric growled as Jon let go of Tikcanni who coughed as he and Brianna joined the Highlander. He took Brianna’s arm off of him and placed it on a still coughing Tikcanni’s back who placed her other arm on him. They both walked out of the dark hallway through the entrance. Eric walked up to the two Humanians standing next to Jon throwing his fists punching them in the stomach and head area. 
The two Humanians groaned falling towards the floor as Eric spoke looking at Jon who looked at him “Jon, leave my girl alone.”
Eric waved a fist at Jon then walked out of the dark hallway into the light followed by Hades who slammed the door behind them. In the lighted hallway Eric blinked his eyes as his vision went to day vision to see Brianna still with arms on Tikcanni who was still coughing away walking down the hallway. He with Hades followed them to a doorway that led to stairs which the group went up. 
Eric heard Tikcanni choke out from his bouts of coughing “I need a drink.”
The group entered a doorway showing the lobby room that led to the entrance of Oceana’s headquarters. Eric saw Kaddar scattered in the room seeing the group, two Highlanders ran towards a coughing Tikcanni who wrapped arms around him escorting him to an elevator which opened and closed behind him. Eric stood with arms folded as he felt Brianna put a hand on his arm. He looked out of the corners of his eyes to see Hades walk out of the entrance slamming the door. Eric kept a neutral expression on his face as a Highlander walked to stand in front of him staring at him. 
Eric felt the familiar headache and stared at the Highlander in the eyes who abruptly frowned then spoke “The weather is raining outside. You’ll have to wait till it stops. I suggest you stay in the Empress’s guest bedroom in her quarters so please come with me.” 
Eric lowered his arms feeling the headache leave him as he and Brianna followed the Kaddar to an elevator. Inside he growled loudly feeling the confines of the elevator as Brianna wrapped her arms around him in a hug. The elevator stopped and the group got out walking down the hallway to a door where a guard standing in front of the door opened it. Eric walked inside with Brianna’s arm around his. He frowned as he saw Tikcanni sitting at a table eating and drinking food in a fast motion with the Empress sitting besides him. Eric kept his face in a neutral expression as the Empress looked at him with a frown. Tikcanni, he noticed didn’t look at them as they went into the Empress’s guest bedroom. Eric sighed loudly as Brianna placed her hands on his chest rubbing. He placed his hands on her back massaging as she placed her arms around him putting her head on his shoulder. The door opened and a Kaddar walked in the room carrying a tray which he set down on the desk then left the room. Eric sighed smelling the food and he let go of Brianna who gave him a small smile. They went to eat the food and drink the drinks. Once finished with the nourishment, Eric stood up from the desk’s chair as Brianna stood up from sitting on the desk. He sighed as she gripped him in a hug as the door opened showing Tikcanni with arms folded. Eric groaned feeling the familiar headache along with the rages arrived. He shut his eyes fisting his hands as a memory arrived in his mind. In the memory he as Claws stepped out of a doorway in a room that showed a massive canopy bed. Lying on it was Emperor Palin who was struggling with an Aquarian wearing a Kaddar uniform standing next to the bed. Claws jerked as he felt iced projectiles he saw were bullets hitting him in the chest and bouncing off as he looked to see another Aquarian wearing a Kaddar uniform arrived charging at him with gun swinging in his hand. Claws grabbed the hand holding the gun crunching it with a hand as the Kaddar groaned sinking to the floor. He punched the Kaddar in the face who closed his eyes going limp then dropped him on the floor. Claws charged at the Aquarian the Emperor was fighting with a roar. He threw his body onto the Aquarian who hit the floor with a thud and was quick to get up punching the Kaddar in the face. 
Claws turned to look at the Emperor who got up from the bed speaking “There’s two more assassins outside the door. I got the information from his mind.”
Claws spoke “You got information from his mind, how?”
The Emperor exhaled air and spoke “My species, Highlanders are all mind walkers, means we can read the contents of people’s minds so hide for I need your help with deposing those assassins.” 
Claws spoke “I came to kill you and I will do that but not today.” 
The Emperor spoke narrowing his eyes “Go ahead and kill me, I welcome death for I’ll be with my mate again.” 
Claws growled waving a fist at the Emperor then went to a set of double doors standing at the side as the Emperor picked up the Kaddar’s gun and with a clicking sound threw it at the double doors in the room. The gun hit the doors with a bang sound. Claws fisted his hands as the doors opened showing two Aquarians with guns in hands. 
One of them spoke “Bad move, Emperor.”
They charged at the Emperor who stood watching as Claws charged behind them with fists flying. Claws hit the Aquarians on the heads from behind with his fists and they groaned stopping their charge to hit the floor with a thud sound. 
Claws folded his arms as the Emperor groaned loudly speaking “Drat those Aquarians taking the Empress Meduna Palina and now trying to kill me.” 
Claws frowned as the Emperor continued in a groaning tone “Oh well I have to inform Tikcanni and the Highlanders about this. I don’t think I can trust Aquarians after what happened.” 
He stood watching as the Emperor went to a small table in the room in front of a large window and picked up a device pressing a button on it with a beep sound. 
The Emperor spoke on the device “Tikcanni, get yourself along with Highlander guards only to my room now.”
Claws frowned as the Emperor paused then continued speaking “Absolutely no Aquarians not with what happened so get yourself and Highlander guards to my room immediately.” 
Claws stared at the Emperor who slammed the device down and pressed a button with a beep noise and saw the Highlander frown folding his arms. 
The Emperor spoke “Shouldn’t you be elsewhere Claws?”
Claws spoke “I’ll like I said will kill you one of these days and I will. Don’t forget it, Emperor.” 
The Emperor spoke “Fine I’ll be waiting for that day with happiness. At least I get to be with my mate again like I always wanted since her death.” 
Claws growled pointing a finger at the Emperor and stormed to the open doorway in the room entering it disappearing in a light show. 

Eric groaned shaking his head as the rages left him while feeling the headache of his mind being scanned. He unclenched his gloved hands as he heard a gunshot sound followed by the headache leaving him. 
He felt Brianna’s hand on his cheek and hear her voice speak “Eric.”
Eric opened his eyes looking at Tikcanni who he saw had his arms around the Empress looking limp. Eric snarled loudly seeing the Highlander pick up the Empress and carried her out of the room. He looked to see another Highlander arrive in the room picking up a gun from the floor and left closing the door. 
Eric spoke “I remembered a memory of my time as Claws.”
He moaned softly as he felt Brianna put her hands on his chest massaging the area. 
He placed his hands on her back gently rubbing as he spoke “The memory showed Paul as Emperor Palin having a very strong interest in being dead.”
He frowned as Brianna stopped her rubbing to stare at him. 
Eric continued “Paul wanted to be reunited with his already dead mate. That explains his words ‘I’ll be with her again’ when he refused the antidote to Ricky’s poison. I did what he wanted by killing him.” 
Eric sighed as Brianna wrapped her arms around him and laid her head on his shoulder as he continued to rub her back. 
He closed his eyes and muttered out loud “Brianna is worth living for.” 
Eric felt Brianna abruptly let go of him grabbing his cheeks and felt her lips on his kissing him. 
He opened his eyes as she broke off the kiss to speak, her eyes staring at his “Eric, I heard what you said and it’s what I wanted from you. Please don’t ever forget that you being alive are more valuable to me than you being dead.”
Eric sighed loudly as she wrapped her arms around him and placed her head on his shoulder as he continued to rub her back which they both went to sit on the bed. 
The door to the room opened he saw as he with Brianna sitting on the bed stood up watching as a Highlander came in the room speaking “The rains have stopped. You’re free to go. We’ll have a vehicle take you to your home so follow me.” 
Eric gestured with a hand as Brianna took his hand and followed the Highlander out of the room. Eric paused to see Tikcanni sitting slouched down in a chair at the table with his hat off. Eric glared at Tikcanni who looked up to stare at him. 
Eric spoke pointing at finger at Tikcanni while speaking in Oceanan “You’ll pay for your anger.” 
Eric followed the Highlander guard with Brianna out of the Empress’s quarters hearing nothing in response to his words from Tikcanni to the elevator that went down and opened to the lobby of the entrance to the building. The sun was shining low in the sky as the group left the building and entered a boxy vehicle which drove throughout the city. 
Eric spoke to Brianna “Tikcanni shot at you with his gun which the Empress took the bullet.” 
He stared at Brianna who gasped as he continued “I told Tikcanni ‘You’ll pay for your anger’. Tikcanni has anger towards me for killing his brother.”
Eric frowned to pause then he added “Tikcanni also informed me that Arielia had a Highlander daughter named Erica in the hospital.”
He heard Brianna hiss as she rubbed his gloved hand clasped in her other hand. The vehicle stopped and the doors opened as Eric and Brianna got out walking through the crowds who formed an aisle, going silent. The two reached the gangplank and walked up it to the ship. They walked down the hallway and reached the door to the stairs and entered it. Eric sighed as Brianna sighed loudly as they both walked down the stairs. They after walking a maze of hallways and stairs reached the hallway to their quarters and went to the cafeteria. Inside Eric frowned as he saw Arielia sitting in a chair holding a wrapped blanket bundle in her arms while being surrounded by the children. He could see Ionela and Henry standing besides Arielia with Brent behind her hands on her shoulders. 
Eric formed a smile as Arielia seeing him spoke loudly “Eric!”
Ricky and Cassie detached themselves from the group and ran towards him and Brianna with excited looks on their faces. Eric sighed as Ricky grabbed him arms wrapping around his waist as Cassie grabbed Brianna. He rubbed his son’s head with a gloved hand. Ricky let go to switch places with Cassie who hugged him. He stared at Cassie as she let go of him and grabbed his hand pulling him towards Arielia who stood up with the bundle in her arms. 
He frowned as she thrust the bundle at him while speaking as Cassie let of his hand “My daughter Erica, a Highlander, please hold her.” 
Eric obeyed and stared at his niece with a mop of black hair who had pointed ears of a Highlander with a Human like face as Arielia stood besides him. Erica he saw at the moment opened her eyes showing brown eyes and opened her mouth while scrunching up her face, giving a wail like noise. 
Eric sighed as Arielia spoke “Oh it’s time for her to drink milk so here.” 
Eric groaned as Arielia thrust him a bottle with white liquid in it which he took while settling Erica on his arm. He thrust in the bottle with its nipple part into Erica’s mouth that greedily sucked the contents drinking.
Eric frowned as he looked around the room and spoke “Where’s Lana?” 
Ionela standing at his side spoke “She’s in the hospital having a baby.” 
Eric growled out “Yuri.” 
He felt Arielia put a hand on his shoulder and looked at her who spoke “Eric, Lana is a grown woman who can decide what to do with her life-” 
Eric interrupted “Lana’s a teenager who’s barely grown up. She’s just a kid.” 
He felt Arielia’s hand rub his shoulder as she spoke “So am I, I’m a teenager myself too.”
Eric sighed as he heard Ionela speak “Arielia has a point. She and Lana are both old enough to decide on what to do with their lives.” 
Eric groaned as he felt Erica stopped sucking the bottle which he took handing it to Arielia who took it. He went to a chair as she handed him a small towel which he put over his shoulder and adjusted Erica gently patting her on the back. Eric sat down as he heard Erica give out a small burp which he adjusted the baby back to his arms and handed Arielia the towel. He frowned staring at Erica’s face that yawned and saw one of her arms escape the blanket, waving it. Eric reached for her arm and stiffened as her hand grabbed one of his gloved fingers squeezing it. He stared at his niece who opened her eyes that looked at his. Eric frowned as he heard a giggle come from Erica who let go of his finger and closed her eyes while yawning. Eric adjusted the blanket to cover her arm and leaned back in the chair with a small smile on his face. 
He held Erica and he heard Brianna speak loudly “Kids it’s time for your bedtime, go.” 
Eric frowned as he saw the kids get up from playing in the corner and he watched them leave the cafeteria followed by Ionela and Brianna. 
He heard Arielia speak “I think I should take Erica to her crib.” 
Eric protest as she leaned over him “I can handle it Arielia.”
He stood up as he heard her speak “Eric, I know you want to take care of Erica but please let others help take care of her. Please let them do that.” 
Eric sighed and handed the baby to Arielia who added “Don’t worry about Lana. There are others watching her like they watched me.” 
Eric stood watching as Arielia holding Erica left the room escorted by Brent followed by two thin outlines. He frowned as he felt Henry put a hand on his shoulder and looked at the man. 
Henry spoke “I’m told by Ionela about your time in prison with her. Ionela told me of this that one day while in prison she came back from having this painful needles injection test. Ionela came stumbling into the cafeteria where you and the others eat and fell towards the floor. You came towards her with concern in your voice and stayed with her the whole time she was recovering from the pain. According to Ionela you wouldn’t leave her alone till she was well again and wouldn’t let the others help with taking care of her. She told me that she remembers during her recovering period, telling you about Arielia’s existence for the first time. Arielia according to Ionela was aware of you and her as told by the prison people. You later told her that you would see that Arielia was protected if you got out.”
Eric stared at Henry who paused then continued speaking “Eric, I know how you feel when it comes to protecting your sisters. I have that feeling of protection towards my sister Brianna. I would do anything to keep her safe from harm and is willing to do all the protecting myself. I learned that I don’t have to do that. I feel that Brianna is safe when she has you and the others protecting her which I accept with relief. I hope you’ll do the same and let others protect the people you care about like I have.”
Eric groaned as Henry let go of his shoulder as the cafeteria doors opened, Brianna walking in the room speaking “The children are tucked in bed. Henry, Ionela has agreed to let Eric and I watch the children tonight at my request.” 
Eric stood as Henry left the room and frowned as Brianna continued “Eric, you coming?”
He walked to Brianna who took his hand and escorted him out of the cafeteria towards their sleeping quarters. 
Inside Brianna spoke in a groaning tone “I’m going to take a shower which I really need.” 
He stood in the bedroom as she went into the bathroom gently closing the door behind her and he heard the shower go on faintly. 
Eric sighed pacing out of restlessness as he frown thinking to self “Lana’s having a baby. She’s just a kid.” 
He heard the shower go off followed by the hair dryer go on faintly and added “I need some air.” 
Eric groaned as he left the bedroom walking down the hallway towards the stairwell passing by outlines. He entered the stairwell and walked up several sets of stairs while sighing loudly. 
He heard a whooshing sound and felt a hand grabbed his arm in an ironclad grip followed by Brianna’s voice in an angry tone speaking “Where do you think your going, Eric?”
Eric groaned as he turned to look at Brianna who had an angry look on her face. 
He spoke putting a hand on her hand holding his arm “I’m just getting some air, Brianna.” 
Eric pulled at her hand which tightened its hold as she spoke “No you’re not going up there to wait for Lana’s return. You want air, go to the cafeteria and open one of the windows. Now come along.”
Eric spoke as she yanked his arm pulling him down the stairs “Brianna, I’m not going to wait for Lana, I’m just going to stay there for a few and come down.” 
He stared at Brianna’s back who spoke still in an angry tone “Harrumph, Eric. That’s what you said after Arielia left before you became Claws. You wound up staying for the whole time despite my pleading to come down.”
Eric groaned out “But Brianna-“
She interrupted “No buts, Eric. I’m not having you up there waiting for Lana’s return. You want to her protected, order the others to do the job and they’ll do it. Why don’t you let them do their job by having them do that?”
Eric groaned loudly as she yanked him down the stairs and they entered the hallway that showed doors on his right side. He kept groaning as she pulled him into their bedroom which she let go to pull off her dress showing her nightgown underneath. Eric groaned again as he closed the door to the bedroom while pulling off his shoes and clothes to put on his bed clothes. He opened the door to the room as Brianna got in the bed turning off the light. Eric went to the bed laying down pulling the blankets over his form. 
He frowned as he heard Brianna speak in a calmer tone “Would you mind spoon fashion me?”
Eric adjusted his position till he was spoon fashioned Brianna with an arm hugging around her. His chin touched the top of her head which he rubbed. 
He felt her hand touch his gloved hand rubbing and heard her speak “Eric that feels good.”
Eric sensed her breathing get deeper and realized that she was asleep. He sighed and closed his eyes willing himself to sleep. 

Chapter forty three
Eric jerked his head as he felt a headache come to him and gasped loudly as memories came to his mind. He shook his head and opened his eyes as the alarm went off. Frowning he rolled away as Brianna turned on the lamp while shutting off the alarm. 
Eric got up and spoke “Brianna, I’m your mate, don’t keep secrets from me.” 
He narrowed his eyes at Brianna who got up from the other side of the bed with a questioningly look on her face. 
Eric continued “You caught me on the stairs. I didn’t hear you run up but I heard this odd sound.”
He stared at Brianna whose form faded while hearing a whooshing sound and felt a hand on his arm. Eric looked to see Brianna standing besides him. 
Brianna spoke “I have the ability to run very quickly which Henry doesn’t have. Ricky and Cassie aren’t showing signs of the ability so I guess they don’t have it.”
Eric frowned and went to the door closing it. 
He spoke “What other things I don’t know about you?”
Brianna replied “That’s all.” 
He went to his clothes as Brianna did the same. They silently put on their clothes then left the room. 
Eric paused in the hallway and he spoke “Brianna, I want to go to the tube room. Please come with me. There’s something I need to check out and requires you with me.” 
He stared at Brianna who put a hand on his arm and she escorted him out of the hallway down the stairs to a familiar door. Eric stopped to put a hand on the monitor next to the door and he pushed Brianna in front of him while putting his hands on her shoulders and escorted her inside the tube room. 
Once inside he spoke as he let go of Brianna’s shoulders “Humor me, the tube I was kept in?”
He stood watching Brianna went to a monitor on the wall and pressed a button. The monitor jutted forward showing Kossman lying in the tube with eyes closed. Eric frowned as he spotted some shiny objects gleaning on the floor two monitors ahead of the tube. He went to Brianna and pulled her to face him then grabbed her arms in an ironclad grip. 
Eric spoke “I’m your mate, don’t keep secrets from me.” 
He stared at Brianna’s face which turned to confusion. 
Eric added “I remember waking up while being pulled by someone from a breakable opening from some tube that broke some more while I was being manipulated onto the floor with tube's pieces on it. I felt someone injected me with a needle sticking it in my back and I heard your voice speak ‘My Eric’ as I was lying with my head on your lap. I was forced to stand, escorted by you walking up stairs, passed doorways and hallways to the padded room where I was put inside. You had me stay trapped in the padded room despite my pleading to be free to be with you. You visited me from time to time in the padded room and even removed the medicine needle bag for the sleeping drugs from my back which put me to sleep. I stayed there asleep even when I was found by Arielia which Kossman woke me up using some light device shining in my eyes.”
Eric paused as he narrowed his eyes at Brianna who moved her eyes to stare at his shoulder. 
He continued “Now, Brianna, I will ask again, the tube I was kept in?”
Eric turned her around till her back was facing him and he placed his hands on her shoulders in a tight grip. He kept his hands on Brianna as he heard her sigh as she walked forward to a monitor where tube's pieces was seen shining from the glare of the lights on the ground below it. Eric rubbed her shoulders gently as she pressed a button on the monitor which jutted forward showing a tube that had a large jagged hole in the window's see through partition. He could see lying inside was an object with an x like shape of looking like some kind of knife jutting from a round cylinder end in color of red he figured was used to breach the tube's see through partition to form a hole he figuring from memory that the object was an axe. 
Eric leaned forward mouth near her ear and spoke “You couldn’t live without me.” 
He let go of her shoulders and walked away reaching the door to the room which opened and he walked through the doorway. Frowning he walked up the stairs and reached the hallway where his sleeping quarters was. He heard a whooshing sound and saw the door to his sleeping quarters slam shut. Eric went to the door and gently opened it a crack. He listened and shook his head as he heard Brianna weeping from inside the room. Eric gently closed the door and went to the cafeteria. He went to the food processing unit and loaded up a tray full of food. Eric sat down at a table facing the doorway and frowned as Brianna arrived in the room with her eyes red and puffy. He watched her out of the corners of his eyes as she went to the food processing unit loading up a tray. He ate the food with his left hand holding a fork as Brianna sat in a chair next to him and began eating her food with a fork held in her right hand. Eric frowned inwardly as Brianna’s left hand touched his right hand sitting on the table and gently held his hand. Eric finished with the food and drink released Brianna's hold on his hand and he got up and went to the dishwasher placing the dishes in the machine. Brianna followed him to the machine putting away her dishes. He saw the door open and Lana walked in the room carrying a wrapped blanket bundle in her arms. Eric frowned as the others went to surround her chatting excitedly as he walked to his sister who frowned seeing him. 
The others went silent as Lana walked to him speaking “Eric, this is your nephew, Drew, a Highlander.” 
Eric frowned inwardly as she held up the bundle for him to inspect. He could see the baby had pointed ears of a Highlander and a mop of red orange hair on top of his head with open Human blue eyes. 
Lana spoke again “Merra tells me that Yuri can’t come for awhile and has refused to give me an explanation on my asking on why he's not around to see his son despite he supposedly aware of the birth.”
He kept his mouth shut as Lana added “You want to hold him?”
Eric sighed and offered his hands as Lana placed Drew in his arms. He frowned as Drew stared at him with his eyes he finding himself the same feeling of protection towards his nephew he felt towards his niece Erica.

Chapter forty four
Eric jerked himself into a sitting position with a gasp from the bed. 
He heard a male voice speak in his mind “Eric.” 
Eric got up from the bed and left the room through the open doorway due to recalling Brianna telling him that she and him were watching the children that night. He walked passed outlines to Lana’s room and opened the door going inside as if drawn to there. Frowning he heard Drew crying away in his crib and saw Lana in her nightgown lying on the bed sprawled asleep on her stomach looking like she was asleep passed out to him. Sighing Eric placed a gloved hand on Lana’s shoulder and shook her awake. He heard Lana groan as she sleepily woke up to stare at him. 
He jerked his head towards the crib and saw Lana’s eyes widen as she exclaimed “Oh dear, I passed out!”
Eric frowned as he saw her get up from the bed grabbing a bottle and watched as she picked up Drew putting the nipple in his mouth which he sucked greedily. He stared at the stiff armchairs and went to the doorway peering outside the room. 
Outlines stood in the hallway as he spoke “One of you come in the room and show yourself. I have an order to give.” 
He stood watching as an outline went solid forming a male form of an Aquarian. Eric walked back into the room followed by the Aquarian to see Lana sitting in the stiff armchair while holding the baby.
Eric spoke to the Aquarian as he saw outlines stood in the doorway of the room “I want one of you in here with Lana at night to wake her up whenever Drew wants to be fed. That’s an order I expect obeyed.” 
He saw the Aquarian nod his head as the male went to the second stiff armchair sitting next to Lana’s seat. Eric looked at Lana who looked down at Drew sucking from the bottle. He left the room closing the door and went to his bedroom getting in the bed with Brianna. Eric sighed as he closed his eyes willing himself to sleep.

Chapter forty five
Eric sat rocking his form back and forth while growling to himself. He was in the cafeteria with the other Hybrids. Around him were outlines of hidden gonoid people who were scattered in the room. He snarled some sound as he heard the doors to the room open followed by the familiar headache of his mind being scanned. 
Eric heard a voice speak in his mind “Eric, this is Tikcanni talking.” 
He shot his head up looking at Tikcanni away from him and behind the Highlander were two Aquarians. He saw two gonoid people both Felidaes were standing visible besides him sitting in the chair.
Tikcanni spoke using his voice speaking in Basic “People who were mind wiped by Highlanders develop the ability to receive messages and detect when their being mind scanned.”
Eric growled loudly baring his teeth at Tikcanni who paused from his talk. Tikcanni, he saw removed his gloves handing them to a guard then handed his gun to the other guard and rolled his sleeves. 
Tikcanni spoke “Eric, you mind me touching you to scan?”
Eric angrily spoke “Do it and make it fast.” 
Eric closed his eyes as Tikcanni walked forward to his sitting position. He felt Tikcanni laid his hands on top of his head. Eric stiffened from the touch breathing hard through his mouth while fisting and unclenching his gloved hands. He felt the headache of his mind scanned then felt the headache leave him. He felt Tikcanni let go of his head and he opened his eyes to see the Highlander walking towards his guards. 
Tikcanni he saw spoke while putting on gloves facing him “The Highlander who did the mind wiping is named Shuen Jiang and is living at the Highlanders' headquarters in the city.”
Eric narrowed his eyes at Tikcanni who left the room followed by his guards. He stood up from the chair and grabbed one of the Felidaes by the ear yanking him towards himself. 
Eric spoke in a low tone of voice in Basic in the Felidae’s ear “I want you and another to find Shuen Jiang and kill him. I want him dead and that’s an order.”
He let go of the Felidae’s ear who spoke in the same language “I think we should bring this Shuen Jiang here alive and kill him in your presence so you’ll see the proof of his death.” 
Eric snarled “Fine, go and get him here now.”
He folded his arms glaring at the two Felidaes who both turned invisible and watched as their outlines left the room slamming the doors behind them. Eric went to a chair sitting down. 
He kept his arms folded growling some sound as he grumbled out loud in Oceanan “Soon, I’ll be rid of you permanently. His death would not have happened because of what you did.” 
Eric jerked his head feeling sleepiness arrive and blinked his eyes. He rubbed a hand on his face and refolded his arms as the sleepiness persisted. Groaning he adjusted his position till he was leaning in the chair and closed his eyes keeping his arms folded. 
Eric heard Merra’s familiar voice speak in a loud tone in his head “Don’t stand there, do it. He’ll still be your leader once you’re done with him.” 
He frowned keeping his eyes closed and jerked as a ropey object was wrapped around his neck in a choke hold gagging him. Eric struggled against the sleepiness which kept his eyes closed as a female voice sounding not like Brianna whispered in his ear in a foreign language words not understood by himself. He pulled at his arms that felt like dead weights and kept them folded as he felt a painful headache arrive to his head. Eric felt himself sliding off the chair and falling towards the floor which he hit as blackness overtook him.

Eric came to find himself lying in bed in his sleeping quarters, his clothes off of him leaving his underwear shorts, with the blankets over him. Brianna, he sensed, was lying asleep in the bed next to him with the blankets over her. He sat up with confusion looking around the room. The door to the room was closed illuminated by the blue light shining from its position in the wall. Eric groaned to himself rubbing his neck with a gloved hand. He got up from the bed and walked to the bathroom turning on the light. Inside he went to stand in front of the mirror of the medicine cabinet and frowned seeing a thin black line on his neck. Eric sighed as he left the bathroom turning off the light. He spied the tape recorder with a tape next to it sitting on the table between two armchairs in a corner of the room. Eric groaned as he went to sit in the armchair and picked up the tape putting it in the tape recorder. He held up the tape recorder and pressed play. He heard a soft whining squeal come from the tape recorder and shut it off. 
Frowning he pressed the record button and spoke “I learned the name of the Highlander who mind wiped my mind who’s name is Shuen Jiang. I wanted him dead for what he did to me which angered me enough to want Highlanders, all of them, dead. The mind wiping left me only remembering people’s names and who they were relative to me but not the memory of my time with them. I had to start all over again remembering memories through the hated rages. Shuen managed to restore my memories which I remember gladly. Brianna wouldn’t stop loving me consumed by my anger towards Highlanders. I still struggle with my anger towards them despite having a niece and nephew who are Highlanders themselves. I just hope I’ll be able to get over my anger with what happened to me.”
Eric shut off the tape recorder and placed the device on the table with a frown. He got up from the armchair and went to the bed getting in to pull the blankets to his chest. Eric stared at the ceiling and closed his eyes. Eric lay in bed on his side. He sensed Brianna get up from the bed and kept his eyes closed. He growled opening his eyes as Brianna without her nightgown on yanked the blankets from his form and pulled at his underwear shorts which he kept a firm grip on with his hand. 
She spoke in a pleading tone “I haven’t a moment of mating with you since I was taken by Tikcanni to Oceana’s headquarters.” 
Eric narrowed his eyes and quickly sat up throwing his fisted left hand into the side of her face. He growled seeing Brianna fell to the ground grabbing her cheek where he punched her. Eric got up and grabbed her by the shoulders and threw her form to the wall which she hit to crumble on the floor. He growled loudly walked to her form grabbing her by the neck and lifted her up to a standing position. Eric glared at Brianna who gagged loudly from his tight grip on her neck. 
He spoke “Shuen Jiang dead.” 
Then he released her and went to the bed pulling on the blankets back on his form. He felt Brianna get in the bed and groaned softly to himself. Eric yanked off his underwear shorts and settled himself on top of Brianna entering her as her legs wrapped around his seat. He quickly thrust himself as she met his movements and gasped as he spilled from inside her while feeling her shake from the mating. Eric moved his arms from her sides and felt her legs tighten around him. He placed a hand on her throat as her hands went on the back of his neck locking him in place. 
Eric angrily spoke “Let go of me now.” 
He tightened his grip on Brianna’s neck as her face turned into a glare and she spoke gagging out “No, make me.” 
Eric roared moving his hand from her throat to touch his face as the rages arrived. He jerked struggling from the angry feeling and felt a painful headache arrive to his head cutting off the angry feeling. Groaning Eric shook his head as he felt hands rubbing his head running through his hair and he opened his eyes to stare at Brianna’s concerned ones. Eric sighed as he placed his arms at her sides touching her skin and lowered his face to lightly kiss her on the lips.
He broke off the kiss to speak “Brianna, what have you and the others been doing to me?”
He stared at her face who rubbed his cheeks with her hands as she spoke “Trying to help you with your anger.” 
Eric pulled out of Brianna and lay on his back with her head settling on his chest. He stiffened feeling the headache get worse and closed his eyes. 

Chapter forty six
Eric stood in the cafeteria watching the Hybrids leave to the hallway as he fumed in anger. He grabbed an outline by the arm who appeared to be an Akylah. 
He spoke “Shuen Jiang, where is he? What’s taking them so long?”
The Akylah spoke “Leader Eric, the others have according to them been watching the Highlanders' Headquarters for Shuen Jiang who has yet to make an outing.”
Eric snarled some sound and spoke “You will tell the others go inside the Highlanders' Headquarters and retrieve Shuen Jiang by force if necessary and bring him here. I’m impatient for Shuen Jiang to die by my hands.” 
He let go of the Akylah’s arm that faded turning invisible and he watched the outline left the room passing by Brianna whose face was in a glare. 
Eric growled to himself and walked out of the hallway followed by Brianna who angrily spoke “Your anger towards that Highlander ends now.” 
Eric snarled out “I don’t care what you say, Brianna. I want that Highlander dead.”
He entered his sleeping quarters with Brianna speaking behind him “Stop this vendetta against that Highlander, Eric, just stop your anger now. That Highlander did you a favor restoring your memories so cease this behavior.”
He glared at Brianna as she went to stand in front of him. 
He angrily spoke “I’ll cease my anger once that Highlander is dead.”
Brianna spoke “I want my Eric back and not he consumed by his anger towards that Highlander.” 
Eric spoke “I am your Eric and nothing has changed.” 
Eric flinched growling loudly from Brianna slapping him on the cheek with her hand. He angrily grabbed Brianna by the throat as she clawed his arm with her hands. He brought his other gloved hand into Brianna’s stomach punching her repeatedly and aimed his fist at her face hitting her there. Eric sensed Brianna went limp and he dropped her onto the floor standing over her. He shook bringing a hand to his head and looked at Brianna lying unconscious on the floor with bruises on her face. Groaning he kneel gulping air from his mouth and stared at Brianna’s form with a frown. Eric reached for Brianna pulling her towards him holding her in a hug as he moaned rocking his form back and forth. Tears spilled from his eyes as he held Brianna who he sensed breathing become labored. He stood up adjusting Brianna to hold her form across his arms and left his sleeping quarters walking pass the double doors to the cafeteria. He took another stairwell route entering hallways and stairwells and reached his destination, one of the open decks of the sea boat that faced the moving sea as the sun shined touching the horizon. Eric fell to his knees adjusting Brianna till he was holding her in a hug and buried his face on her chest as tears spilled from his eyes. 
Groaning he moaned “Brianna.”
He heard a clicking sound followed by feeling the ground become soft as dirt and felt pricks of pain hitting him in the back. 
Eric through the sleepiness as he felt her form yanked from him while yelling out “Brianna!”
He fell unconscious to the ground. 

Eric came to hearing voices speaking in Hybrid language overlapping. Groaning he felt his wrists tied along with his ankles while feeling a blindfold over his eyes as he sensed his mouth clamped shut by a bandage like material over it. 
He could sense that he was lying on a bed and moved his head as he heard Brianna’s voice loudly speaking with confusion “Henry?”
He heard a male voice speak “No, Brianna, it’s William. We grew up together remember? Do you know that you’re not human?”
Eric frowned as the male voice William paused then continued speaking “You’re like me, part of a Human like race called Malika. Do you remember what happened to yourself? Merra brought you and Eric here.” 
Eric groaned as Brianna’s voice sounding angry spoke “Eric attacked me from anger in a fight. He was mind wiped by a Highlander taking away his memories of his people but he knew their names. The same Highlander restored his memories and he stubbornly still won’t get over his anger towards being mind wiped hence our fight.”
He heard William speak “Brianna, Eric is over there lying on that bed-“
Eric groaned hearing Brianna interrupt with anger still in her voice “I don’t want anything to do with Eric!”
He shook from the shock as William spoke “Did you bore any offspring, Eric fathered?”
Eric shaking heard Brianna speak in a calmer tone “I raised two children with Eric who won’t take my authority when I tried disciplining them. They’ll only obey him when he gives them discipline. I don’t give a care about the children I bore for Eric anymore. He can raise them himself, their old enough for that.”
Eric tugged against the ropes holding him as William’s voice spoke “You want to return to your people?”
He groaned inwardly as Brianna’s voice spoke with sarcasm “What the gonoid species people? I felt like I never belonged with them despite being Eric’s mate. They made it clear that I wasn’t wanted by them whenever Eric wasn’t around. I don’t want to go back to them. I would rather be with people who care about me and be wanted.”
Eric yanked at the ropes as William’s voice spoke with sadness “Alright Brianna, you can stay with us then. Merra, please, see that Eric is returned to his people in his place of stay.” 
Eric heard a clicking sound and found himself free from the restraints and discovered he was standing in his sleeping quarters staring at the open doorway where outlines stood. One of the outlines walked forwards shape turning solid to reveal an Akylah who stood staring at him as he shook his head groaning loudly. 
He stared at the Akylah who spoke in Basic language “The others and I saw what happened to you when that stupid female refused to accept your words about your anger. She should know better than to force you to stop being angry. There’s belief among us that you will get over being angry on your own which she failed to get and was disciplined as a result. I don’t think this female is worthy of living with you like I and the others made clear to her with her awful influence over you.” 
Eric stared at the Akylah with shock as another outline walked forward appearing to be an Aquarian who spoke “Your children made it clear that they won’t accept her discipline but yours. We think she should be living without you till she must be willing to submit to you and your authority as leader of hers and us.” 
Eric groaned rubbing a gloved hand on his head closing his eyes of shock. 
He shook his head opening his eyes and spoke trying to keep his voice from breaking “I like to be alone for the night. Let me know if anything happens to the children and the others. Please leave and close the door.”
He stared at the gonoid species people who nodded their heads and left the room as one of them gently closed the door.  
Eric put his hands on his head and fell to his knees as tears spilled from his eyes groaning loudly moaning out “Brianna.”
He crawled to the wall and leaned his back to it as he stared at Brianna’s side of the bed with tearful eyes. Groaning Eric forced self up and stumbled to the bed landing on Brianna’s side. He leaned over turning off the lamp plunging the room into its familiar blue light illumination and clutched her pillow to his chest as he pulled his pillow under his head. He stared at the ceiling and brought Brianna’s pillow to his face smelling her scent which he cried harder staining it with his tears. Eric lowered the pillow to clutch it to his chest and stared at the ceiling while lying on the bed as he fell asleep. 

The alarm went off with beeping sounds jerking Eric awake while holding Brianna’s pillow with his arms around it. Groaning Eric shut off the alarm with a gloved hand and rubbed his face with his other gloved hand. He sat up with shoed feet still clad in shoes onto the floor still clutching the pillow. Eric numbly placed the pillow on top of his pillow and got up from the bed to stand and he turned around to stare at the empty bed. 
He spoke out loud “Brianna, why didn’t you tell me?”
He cut himself off as the rages arrived and he closed his eyes fisting his hands. Eric breathed through his mouth as the anger billowed throughout him. He opened his eyes seeing nothing but whiteness and raised a fist turning to charge at a wall punching it with his gloved hand. The wall cracked around his fist as Eric shut his eyes then he opened them showing clear eyes sight to remove his fist from the wall. 
Eric spoke out loud “I don’t care, one way or another, Brianna, you’ll return to me and I’ll see that the others will accept you as a mother, an ally and my mate.”
He paused to lower his fisted hand and continued speaking with an angry tone “I’m their leader, they should do what I say and if I say accept Brianna, they’ll do it whether they like it or not. They shouldn’t have done what they did, not accepting Brianna, her authority, her influence and her as my mate.”
Eric turned towards the door to feel the familiar headache of his mind being scanned. 
He spoke “Merra, what do you want now?”
He heard the feminine voice of Merra speaking in his mind “Their not accepting Brianna because of her race, the Malika, normally doesn’t get along with the Trigan, the gonoid species, you’re leader of.”
Eric spoke “Trigan means honor in Oceanan along with Malika meaning warrior. Why haven’t they told me their name along with their treatment towards Brianna?”
He heard Merra reply “There are things the Trigan are keeping secret from you because they think you’re under Brianna’s influence. Their afraid that if they tell you what they kept secret you would tell Brianna who would inform her species’ people leaving them in a disadvantage when it comes fighting the Malika.”
Eric growled loudly staring at the door fisting his hands as he spoke “This is ridiculous.”
Merra spoke in his head “Yes it’s ridiculous but the Trigans’ anger towards the Malika and the Malikas’ anger towards the Trigan have been going on since they came to exist.”
He snarled growling as Merra continued “You’ll have to be very forceful with anger as your weapon to get the Trigans to tell you their secrets and that includes the source of their anger towards the Malika.”
He heard a knock on the door and heard Merra added in his head “I’ll talk to you again when you’re alone in your sleeping quarters. The Trigans can detect me talking to anyone by the mind scans of them indicating it.” 
Eric sighed as he felt the headache leave him and he went to the door yanking it open to glare at Ionela who spoke “Eric, I overheard one of your minions telling Ricky and Cassie that Brianna left the ship and will be staying away for awhile. What’s going on?”
Eric instead of answering brush passed her and walked to the cafeteria yanking open the doors. He walked inside followed by Ionela to see the adults looking at him with confused looks. He looked at his children playing with his niece and nephew with the toys around them not paying attention to his arrival. Outlines, he saw stood scattered in the room.
Eric folded his arms and snarled loudly “Who’s the one that told my children about Brianna?”
He saw an outline walk forward towards him form appearing to be a male form of an ape like humanoid he recognized to be of the species declared the name Kenibian wearing similar clothing as the other Trigans and had twin looks with his bared hands that stopped in front of him. 
Eric lowered his arms and glared at the Trigan who spoke while not meeting his golden eyes with his golden eyes “I told the children.”
Eric growled and brought his fist punching the Trigan in the stomach who fell backwards to the white floor. 
He moved his hands signing and spoke loudly “If there’s information for my children should know, inform me and I’ll tell them. Only tell my children information if I’m deposed and can’t tell them what they should know.”
Eric saw the adult Hybrids nodded their heads getting his words. 
He glared at the Trigan who slowly got up with hand on stomach and added pointing at the Kenibian “That means you whatever your species name is.” 
The Kenibian spoke “Trigan, we’re called Trigan.” 
Eric exhaled air folding his arms and spoke “Trigan, Oceanan meaning honor, well that’s the first time I’ve heard of your species name. Why didn’t you admit that right away when I became your leader?”
The Trigan groaned loudly and spoke “There are secrets we have been keeping from you because it was not safe to reveal them.”
Eric asked “What secrets you been keeping and what do you mean not safe to reveal them?”
The Trigan replied “I’ll tell you in the hallway out of the ears of the offsprings who shouldn’t be burdened by this.” 
Eric lowered his arms as he followed the Trigan out of the room where he saw outlines standing scattered in the hallway. 
Eric frowned as he stood with his face in a glare staring at the Trigan who spoke “We’re called Trigan named by Hades which has the meaning of the word honor in Oceanan like you said. We came to exist crawling out of Merra’s plant fronds from egg sacs along with another race named Malika by Hades.”
Eric spoke as the Trigan paused “Malika is Oceanan meaning warrior.”
The Trigan spoke “Trigan don’t get along with the Malika and we see them as our enemies from having fighting battles with them. We kept things from you because of your female is Malika, for we fear if we tell you things, she will get it out of you and tell her people who will have a fighting advantage over us.” 
Eric growled inwardly as the Trigan kept speaking “Trigan had a peace agreement with the Malika to use them to help us leave Merra to land. We built rafts and the Malika towed them in the water. Our anger towards the Malika started when one of them tipped the raft holding our leader who's looks was like you, having a Human appearance into the water which killed him. Water I should mention can kill us like poison and it doesn't mater if it's touching our skin or ingested by mouth. After we Trigans reached land, we refused to have anything to do with Malika which this view still stands today.”
Eric spoke “Hence Trigans wanting to get rid of Brianna because of what she is.”
The Trigan frowned and spoke “Actually we tolerated your female of her being your mate and Malika. The toleration ended when it appeared that she was attempting to influence you to remove your anger appearing to be towards Highlanders. You were told that we have a belief that you’ll get over your anger yourself a view that your female refused to accept hence we insisting she leave.” 
Eric frowned hearing the Trigan’s words. He nodded his head of understanding as the Trigan’s form turned invisible and he walked to his sleeping quarters slamming the door behind him. Growling loudly he angrily brought his fist into the wall which cracked around his fist. 
He snarled out “Merra!”
Eric heard Merra’s voice speaking in his head “The Trigan’s Human leader had a Malika female as a mate. There was a male Malika who wanted this female but she chose the Trigan's leader instead. The male Malika in his anger tipped the raft killing the Trigan’s leader he was towing. I had Hades torture that Malika as punishment which he later died from the injuries inflicted on him.”
Eric growled out with sarcasm “Great, just great.” 
He heard Merra speak “The Trigans has a female who they want to pair her with you who is outside your quarters. You must give the female affection to get her to reject you and to confirm what I told you.” 
He heard a knock on the door as Merra left his mind. Eric went to the door and yanked it open. He frowned inwardly seeing a Trigan with a Highlander appearance in a female form of blond hair in a long length standing outside the door wearing smooth brown clothing in a dress form with arms, legs and feet bare and hands twin to his, he saw as he looked her up and down. 
Eric spoke in Basic “Yes?”
The female Trigan spoke “May I come in?”
Eric stepped away from the door as she walked in the room closing the door behind her. He sighed as the female went to stand in front of him. Eric placed his gloved hands on her shoulders gently massaging them as he sensed her stiffened. 
He spoke staring at her whose golden Human eyes stared at his shoulder “I’m told that there was a Trigan leader with a Human appearance that was killed by a Malika. I’m wondering did the Trigan leader have a Malika female as a mate. Well did he?”
Eric brought his hands to her arms rubbing them up and down as the female spoke “He did have a Malika female as a mate.” 
He spoke “The Malika that killed the Trigan leader was he the female’s brother?”
He brought his hands to her gloved hands to grip them as she spoke “He wasn’t her brother.” 
Eric spoke as he gripped her wrists bringing her hands to his chest settling them there “Was the Trigan leader the only one interested in that female?”
He heard her gasp out “No the Malika who killed the Trigan leader made no secret of wanting the female himself.” 
Eric moved her hands in a rubbing motion on his chest as he sighed loudly. 
He stared at the female who yanked her hands from his grip and she spoke “I’m sorry I can’t do this.”
He formed confusion on his face as she turned around opening the door and left the room closing the door. Eric groaned loudly as he went to the armchair to sit staring at the door. 
He frown rubbing hands on his chest while feeling the headache of his mind scanned and heard Merra’s voice speak “Go to the cafeteria now, Eric.”
Eric got up as the headache left him and left the room entering the hallway. He could see the female held in a hug by an Aquarian Trigan with a smirk look on his face as he passed the two. Eric entered the cafeteria to hear a click sound and saw a flash of light a foot away from him which dimmed to show Brianna standing there with a frown on her face. He walked to her rolling his sleeves as she looked at him with the frown look still there. He took one of her hands and placed it on his bare arm and gripped her cheeks as he lowered his head to kiss her on the lips. 
He deepened the kiss as he heard a chorus of “Mom, mommy.” 
Eric let go of Brianna as he saw Cassie and Ricky reach her to grip her furiously with their arms around her waist. He sighed as Brianna rubbed hands on each child’s head. 
He spoke “Kids, go play.” 
Eric stared at his children who let go of Brianna and ran towards the other children playing in the corner. 
He spoke as he placed his hands on Brianna’s shoulders “I overheard your words while lying tied up by the Malika and what you said about the children not accepting your discipline but mine.” 
He stared at Brianna whose eyes abruptly averted to look at his shoulder with a frown look on her face.
He continued “The gonoid people tell me, they believe I’ll get over my anger on my own a belief you didn’t share. I’m told by them, they told you this and insisted on having you leave for not accepting this view.”
Eric paused then added “I’m angry that you didn’t tell me things and kept secrets from me which I had to find out by overhearing your words when you spoke them to the Malika.” 
He rubbed his gloved hands on her shoulders lowering his face till it was inches from Brianna’s face with her eyes still averted not looking at him. 
He spoke “Brianna, I’m your mate. Don’t keep secrets from me. Why didn’t you tell me what was going on with you?”
Eric stared at Brianna who spoke in a groaning tone “I want my Eric back and not him consumed by his anger.” 
He exhaled air through his mouth and pulled Brianna in a hug with his arms around her. 
Eric spoke “I’ll be alright once I get over my anger. Don’t worry you’ll have me back, I’ll see to it once Shuen Jiang is dead.” 
He heard a hiss sound from Brianna who placed her arms around him and leaned her head on his shoulder.
 
 Chapter forty seven
Eric stood in his pajamas in his sleeping quarters hearing the noises Brianna made in the bathroom. He sighed as he went to Brianna’s side of the bed near the bathroom door and sat waiting. Brianna, he saw came out of the bathroom dressed in her nightgown and he stood up walking towards her as she walked towards him. He raised his hands to touch her shoulders massaging them as she brought a hand swinging it back slapping him on his cheek. Eric groaned loudly shutting his eyes as she yanked off his hands off her shoulders. He heard the bed move from behind him and opened his eyes. 
Frowning he went to his side of the bed pulling back the blankets as Brianna looking at him spoke “Remove your clothes, Eric.”
He obeyed as she yanked off her nightgown tossing it onto the dresser besides the bed. Eric got in the bed as Brianna turned off the lamp. The blue light in the wall shined dimly illuminating the room. He stared at Brianna’s frowning face as she placed her hands on his cheeks followed her kissing him on the mouth. Eric brought his hands to her shoulders as she broke off the kiss to rub his cheeks. 
Eric spoke “Brianna, I’m sorry I hit you. I was angry.” 
He stared at her frowning face as she took his gloved hands off her shoulders placing them on the top edge of the headboard forcing them in a tight grip. 
He spoke “Brianna what-“
Eric was cut off by Brianna placing a hand over his mouth as she spoke “Eric, I don’t want to hear any words from you.” 
He groaned staring at Brianna’s glaring face as she continued speaking “I accept your apology but with a price so keep your hands on the headboard and don’t let of it.” 
He opened his mouth to speak when she added “I said I don’t want to hear any words from you and keep your hands where they are.”
Eric closed his mouth and adjusted his grip on the headboard with his gloved hands staring at Brianna who lowered her head to kiss him on the neck. He sighed feeling her hands touch his chest rubbing as her lips went lower till they reached one of his nipples to suck. Eric exhaled air as she switched sides with her mouth and shivered as she raised her head to stare at him in the face. He could see there was a pleasant look on Brianna’s face as her lips curved in a small smile then she lowered her head to resume raining kisses on his chest going lower. He hissed a breath through his mouth as her hands massaged his abs followed by her mouth. He sighed as she removed the blankets baring him. Eric felt her resume kissing his abs and shivered as she stopped kissing him. He jerked making hissing breathing sounds breathing through his mouth as her hands gripped his sensitive part. Eric gasped out loudly as her hands stroked and rubbed him. He saw Brianna raise her head to stare at him with a smirking expression on her face then she lowered her head. Eric arched his back gulping air through his mouth as her mouth enclosed the tip of his sensitive part sucking him. He shut his eyes grimacing as the rages arrived and growled loudly. He tightened his hold on the headboard as a memory arrived in his mind. In the memory Eric remembered was he as Claws from behind a tree speaking “Interesting a Surrai with Kurpanov’s face.” 
He walked from behind the tree to stare at the Surrai standing in front of the gate with grimace looks on their faces. 
Claws continued speaking “Well, that’s interesting.” 
He laughed some sound walking pass the Surrai entering the gate and appeared in a room, Eric recognized as his sleeping quarters walking from the bathroom. Claws looked at the bed to see a female who Eric recognized as Brianna sitting on the bed in her nightgown with tears running down her face. He advanced walking towards Brianna who gasped wiping her eyes while staring at him with fear on her face. Claws grabbed Brianna by the arms lifting her up to a standing position and lowered his face till he was kissing her on the lips. He broke off the kiss to place his arms around her in a hug. Claws gently pushed her form to sit on the bed and grabbed her legs moving them onto the bed and placed the blankets over them. He again pushed Brianna’s form to a lying position who stared at him with a frown as he adjusted the blankets over her. He rubbed her face then stood up and walked away entering the bathroom entrance coming out of a gate to walk into the forest as the memory stopped playing  Eric roared loudly as he breathed hard through his mouth. 
He heard a voice speaking understanding the words “Don’t fight the rages for it will pass.” 
He growled loudly opening his eyes seeing whiteness in his eyes sight while feeling a person’s form on top of him. He yanked his hands from the headboard to grip the figure tightly while raising himself to a sitting position as he snapped his fanged teeth. 
Eric narrowed his eyes as he heard a voice speaking “Eric, its Brianna, your mate.” 
He felt hands cover his eyes as he tightened his grip on the figure held by his hands followed by pain of a headache. Eric loosened his hold on the figure, closing his eyes as the headache persist which he recognized as his mind being scanned. He felt the hands leave his eyes as he shook his head opening his eyes showing clear eyes sight to stare at Brianna kneeling on his legs his hands gripping her arms. Eric felt the headache leave him as he stared at Brianna who had worry on her face. He wrapped his arms around her while groaning loudly, his chin on her shoulder. 
Eric felt Brianna’s hands running through his hair as he spoke with despair in his voice “I hate the rages. I can’t stop myself from hurting people whenever I get them. It upsets me that I can’t control the rages. Alexei tried everything to help me with them which nothing worked for I still get the rages.”
He sighed as her hands gripped his cheeks after moving them off his shoulders raising it to face her face. Eric stared at her in the eyes as she moved her face to gently kiss him on the lips. He rubbed Brianna’s back as she broke off the kiss to stare at him in the eyes. 
He sighed again as her hands moved to his chest pushing him to lie down as she spoke “I wasn’t finished with you.”
Eric groaned loudly as she took his arms moving them in front of her and gripped his hands. He stared at her as she placed his hands on the top edge of the headboard in a tight grip then moved her form to his side. 
Eric closed his eyes and felt a hand patting his cheek followed by her voice speaking “Keep your eyes open, don’t you dare close them.” 
He obeyed opening his eyes to stare at her as she lowered her form gripping his sensitive part with her hands which he hissed a breath at the touch. He exhaled air breathing through his mouth as her mouth again enclosed the tip of his sensitive part sucking him. Eric adjusted his hands gripping the headboard as he breathed hard gasping loudly from the sensations of Brianna’s hands and mouth. He shivered as her mouth left him and felt Brianna move herself on top of him lowering herself on his sensitive part while placing her hands on his shoulders. Eric moaned loudly staring at Brianna’s face as she began moving up and down the length of his sensitive part. He gasped as he spilled himself inside Brianna and felt her shake from the mating while moaning loudly. 
Eric sighed as he heard her speak as she moved herself off of him “You can let go of the headboard now.” 
He obeyed as she went to lay on her side besides him, her pulling the blankets over them up to his chest. Eric sighed placing his arms around Brianna gripping her in a hug as she placed her head on his chest. He closed his eyes as he sensed Brianna’s breathing get deeper as she had fallen asleep. Eric groaned forcing his eyes open after a lengthy period of sleep as he felt a headache and he sat up shaking his head. The headache was followed by another pain of his mind being scanned. Brianna, he saw was lying on her back next to him asleep. He got up from the bed and stood staring at Brianna’s sleeping form with sadness and then stared longingly at the bathroom door. 
He heard Merra’s voice speaking in his mind “Eric, going in the bathroom to take a shower to let water kill you won’t solve matters.”
Eric groaned loudly staring at the door and took a step towards it as Merra continued speaking “Why did you accept water will kill you like poison and that your hands must always be covered by cloth because of your venomous claws?”
He raised his gloved hands till they were eye level and stared them as he felt the headache leave him as Merra left his mind. Eric stared at his gloved hands with a sad look on his face and then stared at the bathroom door. He lowered his hands and went to the bathroom door opening it walking towards the shower stall. He heard a whooshing sound and was suddenly grabbed in the front in a hug by Brianna with her arms around him. 
Eric groaned as she spoke “Eric, what’s going on? Merra insisted I wake up to prevent you from hurting yourself.”
He groaned out as tears spilled from his eyes “I hurt.” 
He numbly allowed Brianna to pull his form from the bathroom to their bed which she forced him to lie on the bed while pulling the blankets over him. Eric sobbed loudly as Brianna got in the bed pulling the blankets over her. He felt Brianna pull him towards her which he clung with his arms around her form. 
Eric placed his head on her shoulder as tears continued to spill weeping as she rubbed her hands on his head speaking “It’s alright, Eric, let the feelings out. Don’t hold them in, let it go.” 
He groaned as water stopped spilling from his eyes and he stopped his weeping to close his eyes letting sleep over come him. Eric jerked his eyes open while hearing the alarm’s beeping noises. He groaned as Brianna sat up turning on the lamp and saw her place a hand on the alarm clock shutting off the device. He sat up putting a hand to his head as he felt a headache and lowered his hand as Brianna placed a hand on his shoulder. 
Eric looked at her as she spoke “Eric, you alright?”
He spoke “I’ll feel much better once that Highlander, Shuen Jiang is dead.”
He frowned as he heard a hiss sound from Brianna who removed her hand. He watched as she got up from the bed picking up her nightgown off the dresser which she flung away seeing it land onto an arm chair. Eric exhaled air and got up from the bed, picking up his pajamas from the floor which he put away in the dresser then put on his clothes on as he saw Brianna yanking on her clothes. He bent down to grab his socks and shoes while moving to sit on the bed. He put them on while keeping an eye on Brianna who slipped into her shoes and folded her arms with a glare on her face staring at him. Once done with his socks and shoes he stood up and held out a gloved hand towards Brianna who walked towards him lowering her arms glare still on her face while putting a hand on his. 
Eric spoke “I sent the others to bring Shuen Jiang to me. I’ll be better once he’s dead.”
He added hearing a hiss sound from Brianna “Don’t worry about Shuen Jiang. He should know that there’s a price for mind wiping me and that payment is his death.”
Eric pulled Brianna towards him in a hug then he let go as she put her hands on his arm. He left the sleeping quarters with Brianna and he paused seeing a familiar Highlander he recognized to be Shuen Jiang at the end of the hallway standing in front of the stairwell doors with a Monarch he recognized to be Robb Marin besides him from the looks of him. Eric brushed off Brianna’s grip on his arm and speed walked towards Shuen fisting his hands. He raised his fisted left hand and bent down groaning as a headache arrived to his head. He fell to his knees groaning and shaking his head. Eric closed his eyes grimacing of pain as he felt hands touch the top of his head and felt the headache of his mind being scanned. Eric jerked as he saw in his mind’s eye Shuen walking down a hallway with open doorways besides him as a figure walked towards him. The figure Eric recognized was Claws who was walking to doorways sliding them closed. Eric groaned loudly as Shuen charged at Claws who ran towards him meeting his charge. He saw them meet in a fight, kicking and punching each other. Then a large black plant frond wrapped itself around Shuen yanking him away as Eric felt the hands on his head let go. A large black plant appeared grabbing Claws with its fronds in a tight hold. Claws struggled in its grip pulling on the fronds as Kurpanov arrived from smashing through a closed door. Kurpanov went to Claws from behind grabbing his head with both hands snapping it. Claws went limp as he burst in a ball of white that shattered. The Surrai Leader turned around charging at a closed door in the end of the hallway smashing it in two with his feet. Kurpanov grabbed the remaining pieces of the door and yanked them out of the doorway as closed doors opened showing smoke pouring out of them then the Surrai Leader walked down the hallway disappearing through a doorway. 

Eric sensed his air cut off and choked gagging loudly as he opened his eyes. He felt arms wrapped itself around his middle, fist thrusting in his stomach. He choked as he felt something dislodge itself from the back of his throat entering his mouth which he threw up. Eric coughed throwing up a large black plant leaf in ball that landed on the floor unfurling to shrivel up turning to dirt. He shut his eyes as the arms released him while gasping and gulping air through his mouth. Eric shook his head forcing open his eyes as the headache left him. He stared at Brianna in standing in front of him as he got up to stand. He sighed as she placed her hands on his chest rubbing in a familiar rhythm. Eric wrapped his arms around Brianna, hands on her back pulling her form towards him in a hug. 
He heard Ionela yell in the hallway “Eric, Brianna!”
He and Brianna looked at Ionela standing in front of the cafeteria doors. 
Ionela spoke “Ricky and Cassie are panicking about you two being gone too long. So come in the cafeteria and reassure them.” 
Eric sighed as he let go of Brianna who gripped his arm and together the two went in the cafeteria following Ionela inside. He frowned as he saw his children with panic looks, sitting in chairs got up running towards Brianna and him with their looks on their faces changed to excitement. Eric sighed as Cassie hugged him as Ricky hugged Brianna. He formed a small smile on his lips as Cassie switched with Ricky hugging him. 
He stared at Ricky who gripped his gloved hand with his mitten hand as his son spoke “Dad, you and Mom ok?”
Eric spoke “I’m ok and so is your mother.”
He heard Brianna speak “Kids, go play.” 
He sighed again as his children left him and Brianna running towards the other children playing in the corner with the toys scattered around them. 
Eric looked at Brianna and he spoke “Brianna, have you been learning Arielia’s sign language yet?”
Brianna replied “It’s been slow with my learning the sign language from Ionela. I managed to master the alphabet but I’m still learning full hand signs.”
Eric spoke “Keep it up ok?”
He saw Brianna nod her head as she went to Ionela sitting on a bench talking to Lana holding Drew with Arielia besides her holding Erica. Brent, he saw, was nearby finger spelling his words to Henry while appearing to be teaching him sign language. Eric paced as he heard the doors to the cafeteria bang open from behind him and saw an outline turn solid in front of him. 
The Trigan spoke “Tikcanni is here with Shuen Jiang.” 
He turned around and saw standing away was Tikcanni with two Aquarian guards and standing besides the Highlander was Shuen Jiang who had a frown on his face. Eric walked to them fisting his hands till he was inches away from Shuen. He threw his left hand in a fist into Shuen’s face that fell backwards landing on the floor. 
Eric snarled out while looking at Tikcanni “If he hadn’t mind wiped me I wouldn’t have my anger towards Highlanders or killed Palin.”
Eric saw Tikcanni’s mouth turn into a frown as he walked away. He walked to a chair and sat down in a fast motion growling loudly while closing his eyes. He sensed Brianna in front of him pulling his form towards her with her hands rubbing his upper back. Eric wrapped his arms around Brianna’s form while leaning his forehead onto her as the rages arrived. He breathed hard exhaling and inhaling through his mouth as a memory arrived in his mind’s eye. Eric in the memory was angry from the rages as he grabbed a figure by the neck. The rages in the memory left him as he remembered blinking his eyes to stare at female wearing riot geared clothing with back on the wall hands clawing his hand around her throat while gagging loudly. Eric lowered her till her feet touched the floor and he kept his hold on her neck as he yanked off her red goggles and helmet with his other bare hand revealing her face which he remembering recognized was Brianna. He stared at Brianna in her eyes that were in a narrowed glare as she gagged from his bare hand around her neck. Eric loosened his hold and placed his other hand to her chest ripping off the armor revealing black clothing showing her breasts he recalling getting some urge to mate from the looks of her. He let go of the Brianna’s neck that brought a fist into his face which he shook his head stunned from the blow. Eric looked to see her run away from him which he followed tackling her in the hallway. He thrust Brianna onto her back while holding her wrists with both hands and pinned her body with his body making the mating urge stronger from memory of it. 
Brianna spoke with an annoyed tone “Let go of me now!”
Eric adjusted his hold by placing her hands together which he gripped with his hand as his other hand went to cover her mouth. 
He remembered speaking “Talk and I’ll scratch your face. I mean it.” 
He moved his hand from her mouth to grip her chin and continued speaking “I want to kiss you on the lips so don’t fight me or I’ll scratch you.”
Eric stared at Brianna whose eyes narrowed in a glare at him as he lowered his face till his lips touched hers. He remembered feeling a jolt of pleasure arrive like currents throughout him as he kissed her with his open eyes staring at her open widen eyes as her form relaxed in his hold. Eric broke off the kiss to raise his head smiling a small smile and he moved his hand from her chin moving it downward. He rubbed his hand from her bare neck to the sides of her chest then went lower till he reached between them touching an area between her legs pressing hard with the fabric over it. Eric felt Brianna arch her back as she gasped loudly from his hand which he gently rubbed. 
Eric recalled speaking words “I desire to mate with you.”
Eric shook his head of the memory as he felt Brianna’s hands rubbing his upper back with his arms around her. He sighed loudly as he stood up Brianna’s hands went to his chest rubbing. He shivered as Brianna’s hands left him and he lowered his arms while feeling her grab his hand. He allowed her to pull him from the cafeteria to the hallway where she led him inside their quarters. Eric closed the door behind them as Brianna stood in front of him. He placed his hands on Brianna’s back as her hands went to his cheeks and he lowered his face to kiss her on the lips. He deepened the kiss when he heard banging on the door to the quarters. With a loud groan he let go of Brianna who let go of him and he went to the door opening it. Trigans stood one held in the arms of two. 
The Trigan held spoke “Its Ricky he scratched me when I tried to stop him from leaving the hallway.” 
Eric spoke “Brianna-“
She interrupted him “I heard, I’ll attend to him, go get our son.” 
Eric growled and darted down the hallway towards the doors which opened and two Trigans came stumbling out falling to knees. 
One of the Trigans spoke “Ricky went upstairs. He scratched us when we tried to stop him.” 
Eric went pass them and up the stairs. 
He stopped by doors to peer in hallways yelling “Eric Junior!”
He saw no one in those hallways or signs of his son so he continued to do that as he walked up the stairway and froze when he heard Teorjer’s loud voice above of him speaking “Where you going Ricky? I’m not here to stop you. I’m curious to know where you’re going alone without any parents with you and I want to come along for your safety.” 
Eric ran up the stairs as he heard Ricky gave a loud roaring sound followed by Teorjer’s voice speaking “What’s the matter Ricky, gonoid got your tongue? Talk with words if you don’t want me to follow you, say so, but no roaring I’m not fluent in that.”
He increased his speed when he heard Teorjer’s voice speak with an annoyed tone “Please don’t try to scratch me I’m not doing anything but following you.” 
He heard Ricky’s voice speak with anger “Leave me alone and don’t follow me.” 
Eric paused to catch his breath as Teorjer’s voice spoke “I could leave you alone but does your father know that you’re walking by yourself here? Stop that-”
He frowned as he heard Ricky’s voice interrupted with an angry tone “Leave me alone!”
He darted up the stairs as he heard a door open and close slamming followed by Teorjer’s voice speaking loudly “Typical kid-“
Eric interrupted yelling “Teorjer!”
He heard Teorjer’s voice speak “Eric? He stopped in Junction number three according the writing on the door. I’m still going to follow him till you reach us.” 
He heard a sound of a door open and closed slamming as he darted up the stairs and reached the desired door yanking it open. It led to a large airplane hanger room with a large doorway opening at the end of the room he saw Teorjer jump back with hands in front of him as Ricky swiped him with a clawed hand mittens dangling on a string from both wrists. Growling Eric darted towards the two as Ricky took off running through the doorway with Teorjer following him. He ran outside into the cool air to see Ricky trip hitting the floor and saw Teorjer stop to offer his hand only to pull it back when his son swiped him with a clawed hand. 
Eric yelled as Ricky got up from the hard floor “Eric Junior!”
He growled loudly as Ricky seeing he took off running with Teorjer following him. Eric increased his speed running pass Teorjer and grabbed Ricky by the shoulder halting his running. 
He spun Ricky around to face him and grabbed his son’s arms pinning them to the sides as he spoke “Eric Junior.”
Eric frowned inwardly as Ricky opened his fanged teeth mouth and gave out a small roar with anger on his face as he struggled held in his grip. 
Eric spoke “Eric Junior, stop it, now!”
He glared at Ricky who shut his eyes with a grimace on his face and sensed his son was calming down which he grabbed in a hug hold hugging his child after kneeling while feeling him accept the hug. 
He got up after breaking the hug to force the mittens back onto Ricky's clawed hands who didn't protest to that and took one his son's arms and hauled him not protesting passed Teorjer he heard comment "Hmm interesting like father like offspring."
Eric frowned hearing that ignored Teorjer and sensed him following who stopped following when he reached the hallway to his quarters which he went to the cafeteria still hauling Ricky to feel his son squirm from his grip which he let go once inside the room and stood watching his child go to the other children to sit playing away with the toys his sister appearing to look not concerned by her brother's running away. Eric paced in the cafeteria with his thoughts rumbling in his head about Ricky's behavior and Teorjer's comments. 
He heard Ionela yell from the children’s corner “Eric, what did I say about your pacing?” 
He sighed and went to Brianna sitting next to Lana holding Drew and he sat down with a frown on his face. He saw Brent sitting in a seat holding Erica with Arielia sitting next to him while teaching Henry sitting besides her, sign language.
Eric felt Brianna rub a hand on his shoulder as he spoke “The Zesky Asylum file on me, can you take me to the room where their kept?”
He looked at Brianna who spoke “I moved the file, their in the bottom drawer of the dresser next to my side of the bed.”
He sighed loudly getting up and walked out of the cafeteria to his sleeping quarters. Entering the room he went to the dresser next to Brianna’s side of the bed and pulled open the bottom drawer. 
His eyes read the words on top of a large file filled to the brim folder appearing to be stuffed too much while sitting in the drawer “Genetic Experimental Weapons Prototype Eric.” 
Eric stared at the file’s words with shock then he brought his gloved hands to the drawer and lifted the file and carried it to the table between two plush armchairs. He placed the file on the table and adjusted the armchair before sitting down. Eric sighed again as he opened the file’s cover. On top was a head shot, picture of himself at his current age with a nasty look on his face and his teeth were bared. With a sigh, he pulled the picture aside and began to read the contents of the file while looking at the pictures of him from various ages. Eric frowned reading the file's parts of him getting the rages. The file mentioned the whiteness and golden eye parts seen turning all black whenever he got the rages. 
He stopped reading to stare at the wall thinking to self “My eyes change color hence my eyes sight changing which is what I saw from my son.”
He continued to read the file detailing him to his shock on fathering Hybrid Kurt once he reached sexual maturity by displaying that behavior with a part of him taken and implanted into a Human female who bore the male and he meeting the Hybrid as a baby who grew to an adult size within one Human year with nothing to indicate on inherited any Hybrid abilities from his father. He continued to read the file detailed that Kurt was observed entering doorways with a light show and coming out with the same thing and it was assumed he was doing that into a hidden state ability which was proven wrong by his own father telling them after he was discovered missing from the prison that it was an ability to travel to other places making it hard to catch him. He kept reading that Kurt avoided the prison wardens' attempts to test him on his hybrid abilities by doing that light show ability through doorways repeatedly along with attempts to catch him after he was found outside the prison at various locations causing law breaking behavior among the Human population. Eric continued to read that Kurt was caught shot unconscious by a victim of a spreadable virus originated by the Hybrid and contained at a secure location in prison which the virus was tested onto his father unconscious who showed no signs of insanity from it and that the Zesky Asylum's leader dubbed the One actual name Alexei Zesky ordered that Eric be the one who'll executed Kurt himself which he was later tested once the execution was done and appeared to have developed an ability to make himself hidden seen from his younger sister Arielia during people spying on her while she was out among the public for lengthy periods to see if she had any abilities from the medical manipulations done to create her in the first place. Eric frowned finding no memory of Kurt's execution came to his mind as he continued to kept reading the file detailing to his shock that all the Hybrids contained at the prison omitted Ionela including Kurt were fathered by him by multiple samples of him taken and implanted in multiple Human females all suffering some insanity sickness while contained in the Zesky Asylum who carried the Hybrids and later birthed them which the Hybrids themselves like Kurt grew to adulthood within one full Human yearly time frame starting from the moment of their birth to their next anniversary of their date of their birth. He kept reading that his Hybrid children once declared full grown at a certain time period one at a time separately were introduced to Alexei who informed them of their father Eric including showing them each a head shot picture of what their father looked like he recalling the picture taken. He continued read that Alexei told each of the Hybrid children to keep the information to themselves period and not say it to the other Hybrids with the knowledge of them being siblings omitted from the telling. He kept reading that a government watchdog group on people doing experiments spying onto the asylum got a hold of a major government official who controlled the area where the Zesky Asylum was based who contacted Alexei and gave out the death order towards the Hybrids after the watchdog group pointed out the asylum was responsible for Kurt's creation and originator of the virus. Eric frowned as he read that Alexei talked the governmental official out of the death order towards three of the Hybrids due to unexpectedly finding the cure to the virus that was found by accident of Eric seen via recorders purposely scratching a virus infected victim who was given the antidote by another Hybrid via injection and then later once contained in a cell appeared to be acting not virus infected but cured of the sickness. He continued to read the cure to the virus via tests on the victim Eric himself targeted turned out that the venomous poison from Eric himself into the bodies of virus sick people killed off the sicknesses curing them and that that cure to the poisonous venom into them came from two other Hybrids Eric's siblings Ionela and Arielia's blood combined together injected into poisoned people acted as the cure killing off the venom and fixing the damage done the poison did in their bodies if the damage wasn't sever enough for that to happen and them living a normal life free of being sick. He kept reading finding on file that Alexei instead of going with the government's order of death towards the Hybrids omitting Kurt had them contained in some sleep status in another twin Zesky Asylum water boat that wasn't public knowledge of it being an asylum but publicity known as some training facility for military recruits learning how to live on an armed sea vessel for the military group called Navy for training them of that before they transferred off to join the group actually. He sighed finding information that the government official was kept in the dark about the Zesky Asylum's twin being used as a medical facility despite publicity known as a military training site. He sighed again once finished reading the file’s contents groaned placing a gloved hand on his forehead as he closed the file with his other gloved hand. Groaning he lowered his hand and picked up the file which he got up and walked to the dresser where he placed the file inside a drawer. He closed the drawer with a slam and walked out of the room to the hallway. He passed by outlines standing in the hallway and entered the cafeteria with his head down hands clenching in and out of fists. Frowning he raised his head to see Brianna walking towards him with a look of worry on her face. Eric stood staring at Brianna who reached him to place her hands on his chest rubbing in a familiar rhythm. He sighed loudly as he placed his hands on her back pushing her form towards his. He felt Brianna’s hands leave his chest and felt them on his back as her arms went around him as her head leaned on his shoulder. He groaned loudly as he leaned his head on hers with his hands rubbing her back. 
Eric heard Brianna speak “Eric, it’s alright.” 
He groaned closing his eyes as the rages arrived and he breathe through his mouth as the anger coursed through out him. His hands clenched into fists on Brianna’s back as he felt hands touching his cheeks gently rubbing. 
Eric used his willpower to keep his eyes shut as he heard Brianna’s voice speaking words heard “Don’t worry the rages will pass. I’m here to help you and I’m not going any where till you overcome them.” 
He groaned as the rages left him and he forced opened his eyes to stare at Brianna whose eyes met his. 
He sighed as she spoke “I think you need to sit down.” 
Eric lowered his hands as Brianna lowered hers while taking one of his hands and led him to a chair where he sat down. He sighed again as she pulled his form to lean against hers. He wrapped his arms around Brianna while feeling her hands rubbed his upper back then she pushed away from him as he lowered his arms. 
Eric stared at Brianna who leaned down to rub his cheeks with her hands as she spoke “You’ll be alright, my Eric.”
He exhaled air as Brianna removed her hands and rubbed his head with a hand then she walked away walking towards the children playing in the corner of the room. Eric adjusted his position till he was leaning in the chair while folding his arms with a frown on his face watching Brianna reach Ionela sitting on a bench and he saw her sit down next to his sister moving her hands. 

Chapter forty eight
Eric lay in the bed asleep when he heard pounding on the door to the sleeping quarters. He clad in his bed clothes got up from the bed as Brianna turned on the lamp and went to the door opening it. 
A Trigan stood and pointed down the hallway while speaking “We caught Ricky leaving his room heading towards the stairs.”
Eric looked to see where the Trigan was pointing to see Ricky clad in pajamas standing at the end of the hallway with two Trigans on both sides of him holding his arms. He darted out of his quarters running towards Ricky who he saw had an angry look on his face while gnashing his fanged teeth which he glimpsed his son's eyes were entirely black looking and stiffened figuring out what Teorjer's comment meant. 
He spoke as he reached his son who gave out a small roar “Keep your grip on him till I say to let go.”
The Trigans nodded their heads in agreement as Eric kneeled and placed an arm around a struggling Ricky while placing his gloved hand over his son’s eyes. 
He continued speaking as he tightened his hold on his son “Ricky, the rages will pass. I’m here to help you.” 
Eric sensed Ricky stopped struggling while feeling with his hand over Ricky’s eyes, his son’s eyes closed and he added “Don’t worry I’m here for you so is your mother and your sister. We’ll help you overcome this if you’ll let us.” 
He relaxed his hold as Ricky spoke “Dad?”
He lowered his hand from Ricky’s eyes who opened them, brown eyes filled with pain to look at his golden ones. 
Eric spoke as his other arm went around Ricky in a hug “You can let go of him now.”
The Trigans obeyed letting go of Ricky who placed his mitten hands on Eric’s shoulders. 
Eric spoke as a memory came to his mind “Let me tell you how I first met my sister Ionela, ok?”
He looked at Ricky who nodded his head, eyes still filled with pain. 
He continued speaking “I was your age when Alexei took me to a large garden room that housed all kinds of plants with various sizes with the sun shining from windows above. I got one of my rages and attacked Alexei and then I ran away from him running into the plant's jungle while calming down from the rages out of sight. I wandered around and came upon my father, Kossman, sitting on a blanket in a clearing and next to him was around my age, Ionela standing next to him. Kossman seeing me spoke 'Hello, Eric about time you joined us. This is Ionela, your younger sister.' It was the first time I met her. She walked towards me as I got another of my rages. Next thing I knew Ionela had her arms around me in a hug and I heard her speaking 'Eric, you’ll be alright, it’ll pass.' I calmed down and she made me feel much better for being there for me that we were raised together and were inseparable from time to time. Ionela being my sister has always been there for me whenever I have the rages helping me overcome them.”
Eric paused as painful look in Ricky’s eyes went away as he felt a hand touch his head and he looked to see Brianna standing next to him with a frown on her face. 
He looked at his son and added “I know what you’re going through with those rages your suffering from. I went through them myself when I was your age and I still get them. I didn’t like the rages but it helped make life easier when I have my sister being there to help me overcome them.”
He paused again as Brianna spoke “Ricky, ask Cassie if she’ll help you with your rages. Your father and I will see that she doesn’t refuse your request.”
He saw Ricky nod his head as Brianna went to stand at his son’s side bending down while placing her arms around him in a hug. Eric heard Ricky sigh loudly as he and Brianna hugged him then he let go of his son as his mate did the same. He stood up as Ricky took one of his gloved hands with his mitten hand and did the same with Brianna’s hand. Eric sighed as the three hand in hand walked to Ricky’s sleeping quarters to see Cassie clad in pajamas come walking out with a panic expression on her face. 
He saw Cassie’s expression change to happiness as she ran towards them and grabbed Ricky in a hug as she spoke “Ricky, I thought you ran away because of your rages. Are you ok?” 
He felt Ricky let go of his hand and Brianna’s to hug his sister and heard his son speak “Cassie, I’m ok. Will you help me with the rages so I won’t run away again?”
He stared at Cassie hugging her brother who spoke “Don’t worry I’ll help you with them. I even get Harry and Anna to help.” 
Eric smiled a small smile as Cassie and Ricky let go of each other then went into their sleeping quarters followed by Brianna and him. He kept the smile on his face as Cassie got in the lower bunk of the bunk bed with Ricky besides her both cuddling each other. He bent down to adjust the blankets settling them on his children who closed their eyes falling asleep. Eric stood up as he felt Brianna place a hand on his arm and felt her pulling him from the room which he allowed. He closed the door to the room quietly behind them as he stood in the hallway with Brianna. He sighed as Brianna wrapped her arms around him in a hug which he placed his hands on her back rubbing. Eric felt Brianna lay her head on his shoulder as he brought one of his hands to her head to stroke her hair. He didn't comment a response as she got them both into their bedroom back into bed cuddling with each other which he fell asleep.

Chapter forty nine
Eric jerked putting his gloved hands to his head growling as the rages arrived while closing his eyes. He lowered his hands opening his angry eyes seeing nothing but whiteness. He looked around unseeing the room and its occupants with anger coursing throughout him. Eric heard a whooshing sound and felt hands grabbing his arm which he reacted by grabbing the person’s head. He abruptly let go of the person’s head as sharp pain arrived to his hands. He roared out a roar of pain and felt the person push him down his seat hitting the chair. Eric felt the person sit sideways on his lap with head leaning against his shoulder. He brought his right hand again to the person’s head and felt the familiar sharp pain feeling. He blindly put the same hand on the person’s legs and felt the contours as he moved his hand up the body. He stiffened feeling the person’s chest which he realized had a female form. He gasped in recognition as he felt the female’s breasts with the fabric over it from feeling with his hand for the female was Brianna who was felt asleep in his lap. Eric moved his hand to Brianna’s neck and felt the sharp pain feeling when he tried to squeeze his hand on her neck. He exhaled air and moved his arm till it was underneath Brianna’s legs and he stood up holding her in his arms. 
He spoke with a strained voice tone in a loud voice “Lead me to my quarters now, I can’t see.” 
Eric felt hands touch his back and sensed himself pushed which he walked guided by the hands pushing him. He exhaled and inhaled air during the journey and felt his knee hit the bed. 
He spoke as he lowered Brianna onto the bed “Turn the lamp off and leave us by closing the door.” 
He heard a male voice speak “I told Brianna our name and will tell the others this.” 
Eric nodded his head with understanding. His ears heard a click of the lamp turning off as he blindly heard the door behind him close as he sat on the bed. With a growl Eric lay on the bed and moved Brianna till her back was to him and he spoon fashioned her with his arms around her. He rubbed his chin on her head and closed his eyes struggling to relax from the anger running through out him. 

The alarm beeped it sound and Eric felt Brianna move to turn on the lamp and shut the alarm off. He opened his eyes the whiteness remained and felt the anger was still there simmering. 
He blindly placed a hand on her shoulder and pulled her towards him as he spoke “Brianna, stay with me.” 
Eric felt Brianna’s hands touch his cheeks rubbing and heard her voice speak “Eric, I’ll stay but I have needs that have to be attended to.” 
He spoke “Lead me to the armchair so I can sit. I can’t see.” 
He felt Brianna let go of his cheeks as he moved off the bed to stand next to it and felt her hand touch his arm pulling him which he allowed. Eric felt Brianna push him to sit in the armchair which he leaned back as her hands left him and heard the bathroom door open and close. He sat with eyes open unseeing the contents of the room and growled when dark blue movement appeared in his eyes sight. 
He snarled out “Brianna?”
The movement Eric saw got closer to him as the anger burst through out him and he got up from the chair with a roar with hands clenched in fists. His hands hit hard then he grabbed the figure and threw the person to the wall. He charged at the person and threw his fists into the figure hitting repeatedly. Eric paused from hitting to place hands on the person feeling the clothing and he felt for the face and growled. The figure he felt was a male form wearing thick clothing with a round metal object on the chest which his senses told him was a Kaddar. He stood up hearing a click of a dart gun setting from his left and waited listening as the gun went off his left hand shot out plucking the dart from the air which he tossed to the wall. He heard the bathroom door open behind him as he heard another click sound followed by the dart gun going off. 
He growled hearing Brianna’s voice speak words slurred “Oh my Eric.” 
Eric heard a thud behind him and turned around blindly feeling for Brianna with his feet. His foot hit something soft and he kneel hands grabbing an unconscious Brianna to hold her in his arms. 
He spoke in Oceanan as he heard the familiar click sound “You’ll be doing me a favor killing me but leave Brianna alive to take care of my children.”
Eric heard the dart gun go off and stiffened feeling the familiar stinging pain in his back as his eyes sight cleared up followed by sleepiness. He kept his eyes on Brianna’s face as he lowered himself to the floor with her held in his arms and surrendered to the dart’s contents falling asleep. 
 
Eric groaned forcing open his eyes showing clear eyes sight while feeling pain on his right cheek that was slowly going away. He raised his right hand and stiffened seeing his glove off and held in his hand in a tight grip. He dropped the glove and placed a hand on his cheek to feel a long cut line that was slowly dissipating. Frowning he picked up the glove while sitting up to put it on his right hand and leaned down putting his arms underneath a still sleeping Brianna. He lifted her up and got up from the floor walking to the bed which he placed her on it. He heard banging on the door followed by the door knob rattling of the door being locked. Growling he walked to the door and unlocked it as the door crashed open showing Ionela and Trigans who stared at him with confused expressions on their faces. 
Ionela spoke “Eric, are you alright? The Trigans say two Kaddar both Aquarians arrived in the hallway and knocked them out. One of the Trigans mentioned that before falling unconscious saw the Kaddar go in your quarters.” 
Eric spoke “I’m not alright. They darted us and tried to poison me with my own claws.” 
He frown hearing Ionela gasp to his words and stiffened feeling a headache of his mind being scanned. 
He heard a female voice speak in his head “Eric, its Merra. I heard what happened. Tikcanni will be coming over to see for himself what happened to you. So listen what I say and tell the others that.” 
He frowned hearing Merra’s talk then she left his mind headache going away. 
He heard one of the Trigans at the doorway speak “Leader Eric, we can detect Merra talking to you in your mind. What did she say?”
Eric spoke “I’ll tell you and the others together in the cafeteria.”
He looked at Ionela and added “I need food and drink. I need you to tell Brent and Arielia what I say Merra told me.” 
At Ionela’s nod, he went to the bed lifting up Brianna and carried her out of the sleeping quarters and went to the cafeteria followed by Ionela. He sighed as Ionela ran ahead to open the cafeteria doors which he entered followed by her. He frown seeing Ricky and Cassie seeing him holding Brianna from their corner of the room get up and walked towards him both with confused looks on their faces. He heard a groan from Brianna as she shook her head and felt one of her hands touch his cheek rubbing. Eric placed her on a bench facing the table as she placed her arms on the table and buried her face in them. He rubbed her head with a hand and looked around to see the others standing nearby watching him with confused looks on their faces. He saw the children standing in front of the adults watching him with frowns as outlines stood nearby. 
He looked at Ionela standing next to Arielia holding Erica and Brent besides her and he spoke “Ionela interpret what I say to Arielia and Brent what Merra told me.” 
He saw Ionela nod her head as she went to stand in front of Brent and Arielia with her hands in front of her. He spoke his words as Ionela moved her hands signing. Once finished with his words he saw understanding in the eyes of the others and he went to the food processing unit while grabbing a tray. He loaded up food and drink then carried the tray to the table where Brianna was sitting and sat facing the cafeteria doors. Ricky and Cassie, he noticed, sat on each side of him watching him eat his food and drink in a fast motion. He sighed once finished with the food and drink then he got up carrying the tray towards the dishwashing machine with Cassie and Ricky walking besides him. Eric thrust the tray towards Cassie who gripped it as the door to the cafeteria opened and a Trigan walked in. 
The Trigan seeing him spoke in a loud voice “Tikcanni’s in the hallway.” 
Eric turned himself invisible as he noticed Cassie carry the tray to the dish washing machine with Ricky besides her. He looked at Brent who stood in front of a sitting Arielia holding Erica, with a glare on his face. Henry, he saw, with a glare on his face, went to stand in front Lana holding Drew while sitting next to Arielia on the bench. He saw Ionela standing with Harry and Anna peering behind her. Eric looked to see Ricky standing in front of Cassie putting away the dishes with his mittens off his hands. He turned his attention to the doorway as Tikcanni arrived in the room with two Aquarians as his guards. Eric moved making his way towards Tikcanni unseen till he was next to the Kaddar guards standing behind Tikcanni who were looking around unseeing him. He with his hands grabbed the Kaddar by the necks and brought their heads together banging them while hearing them groan as they fell towards the floor. He still in hidden state walked towards Tikcanni who turned around with a frown to stare at his guards lying on the ground unconscious. He brought his left hand to Tikcanni’s neck gripping it as his form turned from its hidden state showing himself. Eric heard Tikcanni gasp and saw a shocked expression on the Highlander’s face as his hands went to the Hybrid’s arm clawing it. He narrowed his eyes staring at Tikcanni’s eyes as his hand got tighter choking the Highlander who gagged loudly gasping for air. He heard the doors to the cafeteria open and the Empress Palina-Borsova ran in his line of sight grabbing his arm holding Tikcanni with her webbed hands. 
He heard the Empress speak in Oceanan in pleading tones “Eric, please don’t kill my father, let him go now.”
Eric released his hold on Tikcanni’s neck that bent down coughing with the Empress putting her hands on the Highlander’s back. He folded his arms growling loudly while glaring at the Empress who looked at him with a frown. 
She spoke still using the Oceanan language with a firm tone “Eric, I insist you submit to a mind scan, starting now.” 
Eric spoke in Oceanan “Fine, do it before I change my mind.” 
Eric kept his eyes on the Empress who gestured with her head towards a guard, a Highlander who walked forward taking off his glove and placed his bare hand on his cheek. He stiffened feeling the familiar headache of his mind being scanned and looked at the Kaddar in the eyes who frowned still scanning him. 
The Kaddar scanning him spoke in Oceanan “I’m seeing in his mind that he was darted along with his female. He was in a rage episode when attacked and didn’t see who attacked him. I’m sensing that he used his hands kept in gloves' touch sense to discover who the attacker was which he's assuming it was a Kaddar guard judging by a medallion the attacker was wearing.”
Eric frowned as the Kaddar removed his hand and he sensed the headache left him. He stared at the Empress who had a frown look on her face as Tikcanni stood next to her, with a hand rubbing his throat. 
He watched the Empress who spoke “Twin of you escorts Tikcanni out of here. The rest stay with me, for I want to talk to Eric.” 
Eric snarled some sound watching Tikcanni leave the room followed by twin Kaddar by Aquarians. The door slammed behind them as he looked at the Empress whose arms were folded eyes narrowed at him. Eric stiffened as the rages arrived and he closed his eyes while placing his hands on his forehead as a memory came to his mind. In the memory he was waking up from sitting in a wheelchair while wearing chains. He had sensed a familiar headache which he recognized his mind being scanned and opened his eyes. He frowned feeling his gloves were off his clawed hands as he looked up.
Standing away in front of him chained to a wall was a Human with brown eyes his mind told him was a Hybrid dubbed Kurt wearing an orange jumpsuit who spoke “About time you woke up, Eric.” 
Eric felt the headache leave him as he found himself wearing an identical jumpsuit got up from the wheelchair with a growl and walked towards Kurt with his clawed hands clenching and unclenching. 
Kurt spoke again “Poor Susie, I infected her with some sickness for I didn’t mean to do it.”
Eric growled loudly hearing Kurt’s words as Kurt continued speaking “I considered you of all the Hybrids my friend for we’ll always be friends.” 
Eric snarled out “We’re not friends for you don’t know the meaning of friendship.” 
Kurt spoke “I do know the meaning for I told you things I never told the others.”
Eric growled out as he stood inches away from Kurt “The things you told me were more like bragging.” 
Kurt sighed and then he spoke “They sent you here to kill me.” 
Eric gave a sound of disgust then spoke “I’m not going to kill you for I won’t do that.” 
He stiffened as the rages arrived and he barely heard Kurt speaking “Oh yes you will.” 
Eric closed his eyes then opened them with the anger coursing through out him and saw in front of him was dark blue movement surrounded by whiteness. He with a roar moved his hands grabbing the person’s head and gave it a twist hearing bone crack sounds then he brought his clawed hands scratching the figure’s cheeks. He turned away to his side as a feeling of pleasure arrived with his eyes sight clearing up. 
Eric smiled sighing and spoke loudly “I feel much better.”
He turned to his left and frown seeing Kurt hung limply in the chains head down and stiffened seeing scratch marks on his cheeks. He stared at Kurt and raised his hands to stare at them as he heard a sound of a door sliding open from behind him. Eric turned around to see two persons in covered up white material hiding their features with black face masks. One of them was writing in an erasable pad with a marker as another was standing holding a small oxygen tank with a mask in hands. Eric stared at the figures as the person stopped writing and held up the pad words seen. 
He read “Kurt has a spreadable virus in him so please put on the oxygen mask for it’ll kill the virus infecting you.” 
Eric sighed and walked forward till he was in front of the person holding the oxygen and took the mask placing it on his face held in place by a strap. He felt air blowing in the mask into his nose along with sleepiness as he coughed spasms and went to the wheelchair to sit. The sleepiness persisted as the coughing went away and he closed his eyes surrendering to the sleepiness. 

Eric shook his head of the memory while hearing foreign language speaking in front of him. 
He felt the familiar headache of his mind scanned followed by Merra’s voice speaking “Eric, it’s Merra. There’s a Highlander here who’ll tell you his name is Liu Jiang. I will warn you he is not related to Shuen Jiang and will ask you a request. You’ll grant the request and do what he asks you or the rages will come more frequently.” 
He sighed as Merra left his mind and he opened his eyes to stare standing next to the Empress with arms folded was a Highlander, Liu Jiang he assumed with long black pulled back hair wearing black pants and a tan top with a thick red cloth slash on it. 
Liu spoke in Basic “Eric, I’m told your fluent in Basic.” 
Eric spoke in the same language “Your told correct.” 
Liu’s lips turn into a frown and then he spoke “I’m President Liu Jiang, ruler of Americania. I’m here to ask you a request and I insist you grant the request.”
Eric frowned hearing Liu’s words and asked “What request is that?”
Liu, he saw, looked at the Empress then looked back at him before speaking “The request is an execution, executing a murderer.”
Eric frowned some more as Liu paused then continued “A Terrania Unity Games athlete representing Prussia died from head injuries caused by a chair another athlete representing Kenibia used as a weapon hitting her on the head repeatedly to prevent the Prussian athlete from receiving an awarded medal.”
He stared at Liu who again paused and then added “Kenibians see death as a high honor and would declare this murderer a hero if executed by other people. You as part of the gonoid species legend are respected as deity like among Kenibians from hearing about it from them. They seeing you executing this Kenibian will see the death as punishment and will declare the murderer a shame to their people.” 
Eric spoke “I agree to your request and will do it.”  
Liu spoke “Follow me and I’ll lead you to the murderer awaiting execution.” 
He nodded his head then followed Liu with the Empress and guards behind him to the outer deck of the ship leading to the gangplank. The sun shined rays from high in the sky as the group reached the gangplank and walked down it. Eric kept his face in a glare as he saw a crowd of Kenibians standing among other races on the land deck. He noticed people holding hand held devices were standing in a row in front of the crowd and saw a light flashed from one of the devices. He saw seated chained in a wheelchair in front of them was a female Kenibian who was looking around with two Monarchs standing besides her. 
Reaching the land deck Liu spoke “The Kenibian in the wheelchair is who you’ll execute.”
Eric nodded his head and walked towards the Kenibian till he was in front of her. He could see her eyes widen seeing him as the rages arrived. He kept his eyes on the Kenibian as her form distorted turning dark blue surrounded by whiteness. With a growl he grabbed her head giving it a sharp twist and heard a crack sound as his eyes sight cleared up followed by a feeling of pleasure. He kept his face in a glare as he let go of her head then looked at Liu giving him a nod of his head then walked away walking up the gangplank to the outer deck. He reached the door to the stairwell, entering it as his lips formed a smile and he moaned loudly. Eric sighed walking down the stairwell and met Teorjer who blocked his way with a frown on his face. 
Eric spoke “Teorjer you won’t believe this but I figured out how to stop my rages.” 
Teorjer asked “What way is that?”
Eric smiled as he spoke “Killing people who deserve it is a way to stop the rages.” 
He stared at Teorjer whose face turn into a glare as the man spoke “Eric, that’s not the answer to your rages.”
Eric protested still smiling “Yes it is, Teorjer. I discovered this when I was killing that Kenibian. The rages came just as I was about to kill the Kenibian which killing her stopped the rages. I never felt so good in my life for doing that.”
Teorjer spoke “Merra told me many things and answered questions I asked her. I’ll tell you why you’re feeling like that. You swiped your mother with your claws which set off your rages that were programmed in you each moment she rejected you. Your rages are your instincts to kill which controls you. Remember the memory of killing this Hybrid named Kurt? You got the rages and killed him then felt pleasure which your body is rewarding you for the killing.”
Eric’s smile left his face as Teorjer paused then continued speaking “Killing is not the answer to controlling your rages. There’s another way if you care to look for it so think, Eric.”
Eric felt anger rising in him and snarled out “Who do you think you are?”
Teorjer replied “Just someone who’s right.” 
Eric’s left gloved hand shot out grabbing Teorjer’s neck and gagged the taller man choking him. He heard a whooshing sound and felt hands touch his chest rubbing in a familiar rhythm. Eric turned his head from glaring at a gagging Teorjer to look down at Brianna standing in front of him on a stair well tread with a calm look on her face. 
He stared at her as she spoke “Eric, let go of him now.” 
He obeyed letting go of Teorjer’s neck who coughed loudly gasping for air. Eric felt an urge to kiss Brianna strong within him that his anger went away. He took one of Brianna’s hands and placed it on his cheek with his hand holding it in place. He gripped her chin with his other hand and lowered his face closing his eyes to touch her lips in a kiss which she responded kissing him. He broke off the kiss with a sigh opening his eyes to stare at Brianna in the eyes. He let go of Brianna’s chin to rub his hand on her cheek and felt her push her face into his rubbing hand. Teorjer, he noticed out of the corners of his eyes went up the stairs disappearing from his eyes sight.
Eric sighed as he spoke resuming staring at her in the eyes “My sweet Brianna.” 
Brianna spoke “My Eric.”
He moved his hands, from her cheek and from holding her hand to his cheek to her breasts rubbing them with the fabric over them as he heard Brianna gasp some sound of pleasure. 
Eric sighed loudly then growled as he heard a sound of a door slamming followed by Tikcanni’s voice above him speaking in a loud tone “I can’t believe I did what I did enjoying her kissing me.” 
Eric whispered as he removed his hands from her chest “Brianna, stand behind me and keep a hand on my shoulder now.” 
He turned around to face the stairs going up as he felt Brianna gripped his left shoulder from behind him and he heard footfalls coming nearer towards him. He fisted his hands narrowing his eyes as Tikcanni and three Kaddar guards walked in view. He growled loudly as Tikcanni and guards seeing him halted from their walk. 
Eric growled out in an angry tone in Hybrid language “You’re not wanted around here, Tikcanni, so speak your piece and get out.” 
Tikcanni spoke in the same language “Raisa, Merra’s Human daughter wants to talk to you in the outer deck. She’s in a wheelchair and can’t come down to you.”
He snarled growling loudly as Tikcanni paused and then continued speaking “Merra threatened that she will have my head if I order any more attacks on you and your people. A threat I have taken seriously for the sake of my mating relationship with Raisa.” 
Eric stiffened feeling the rages arrived as his open eyes sight clouded up with whiteness while staring at Tikcanni. He felt arms wrapped around him as a female body he recognized as Brianna pressed into his front with her head on his shoulder. He closed his eyes leaning his head onto to Brianna’s head while smelling her hair’s scent. 
Eric heard Brianna’s voice whispering words understood “The rages will pass like they always do.”
He felt the familiar headache of his mind scanned as the rages left him and he sighed feeling Brianna remove herself to touch his chest rubbing with her hands. 
He opened his eyes seeing clear eyes sight as the headache left him and looked at Brianna who spoke “Eric, Merra confirmed to me that she has a Human daughter named Raisa who is wheelchair bound.” 
Eric sighed as Brianna lowered her hands and took one of his hands and she turned around to face Tikcanni. 
Brianna spoke “Tikcanni, take us to Raisa.” 
He frowned as Tikcanni nodded his head before turning around to walk up the stairs followed by his guards with him and Brianna following. The group reached the doorway to the outer deck and walked through it. Eric kept his face in a glare boring at Tikcanni’s back as Brianna held his hand. They followed the Highlander around a corner and stopped. Eric frowned seeing a pale white skinned woman in black clothing with long black hair sitting in a wheelchair that looked at him with Human black eyes. 
The woman spoke of an odd accent to him reminding him of Oceanans' speech “I’m Raisa, Merra’s daughter. Come here and kneel, Eric.” 
Eric let go of Brianna’s hand and walked forward till he was next to Raisa’s wheelchair at her left side and kneeled staring at her. He stiffened as Raisa leaned over, placing her Human hands felt webby on his head running them through his hair. He jerked as one of her hands grabbed his hair with a tight pulling grip and yanked his head up to face hers as her other hand went to his chin gripping it tightly. 
She spoke “You will cease the killing stops your rages idea starting now. You want your rages controlled? Try asking a Highlander to scan your mind whenever your rages hits. It will stop your rages every time.”
Eric roared as the rages arrived and he growled loudly while feeling the headache of his mind scanned and blinked his eyes as the anger left him followed by the headache leaving him. 
Raisa he saw narrowed her eyes and leaned forward pulling him further towards her as she continued speaking “Your rages are caused by your anger and your instincts to kill, you have inside you. Be warned, Highlanders will play an important role in your life when you most need it. I hope your anger towards them is finished when that time arrives.”
He exhaled air as she let go of his hair and chin and he rubbed a gloved hand on his hair where she pulled him. 
Raisa spoke “You must be punished for killing Emperor Palin. You will accept whipping as payment for the murder or punishment you did which ever view to Emperor Palin, I don’t care. I’m suggesting that you be whipped by the whipping machine any time Tikcanni feels like it. You will take the punishment of being whipped whenever the mood strikes Tikcanni. As for the punishment Tikcanni must be present to come to you for the whipping which will last as long as he wants or till he dies.”
Eric stared at Raisa with a frown and groaned as she glared at him with narrowed eyes. 
She continued speaking “You may go, Eric but you will remember this day and my words regarding Highlanders. I’ll see to it. You can leave now.”
Eric stood up and walked to Brianna who took his hand and together the two walked away passed Tikcanni and guards hearing no comments from them while walking around the corner towards the door to the stairwell. Reaching it, Eric opened the door as he and Brianna silently walked inside the stairwell going down. They walked a maze of hallways and stairs till they reached the familiar hallway leading to their quarters and the cafeteria. Eric paused from walking to let go of holding Brianna’s hand and he pulled her towards him as her hands went to his chest rubbing in a familiar rhythm. With a moaning like sound he place his hands on her back rubbing as she placed her head on his shoulder with her arms going around him in a hug.

Chapter fifty 
Eric sat in a chair with a glare on his face watching the double doors to the cafeteria. Brianna he noticed was sitting next to Ionela near the children playing away in the corner while appearing to be learning sign language. Arielia holding Erica and Brent were sitting next to Lana holding Drew while Henry was sitting next to her. Henry he saw was moving his hands with Brent correcting him. It was two days since his meeting with Raisa and Tikcanni had yet to make an appearance for the whipping. Eric growled some small sound as the doors opened and a Highlander in a Kaddar uniform came into the room to stand staring at him. 
He got up and walked to the Kaddar while speaking Oceanan “Say your piece on what you want and get out.” 
The Kaddar spoke in Oceanan “It’s time for your punishment so come with me, you and your female.” 
Eric reaching the Highlander turned invisible while speaking “Not if you can find me first.” 
He in his hidden state walked around the Highlander till the Kaddar’s back was facing him inches away. 
The Kaddar spoke head looking around unseeing him “Tikcanni is right, you really are a murderer.” 
Eric roared loudly turning visible as he brought a fist into the Highlander’s back knocking him to the floor. The Kaddar he saw twisted to lay on his back as he quickly kneeled and with a fisted hand started punching the Highlander in the front while not caring where his fist landed. He heard the doors behind him open as he felt the headache of his mind scanned. 
Eric angrily brought his fist into the Highlander’s stomach as he heard a voice behind him speak in Oceanan “Really, Eric, must you do that in front of children?”
He recognized the voice as Tikcanni’s and paused from punching to stand up turning around as he felt the headache left him to face the Highlander who was surrounded by four guards, two Highlanders and two Aquarians. 
He narrowed his eyes in a glare boring at Tikcanni who continued talking “I came to oversee you being punished as said by Raisa. I suggested you cooperate and accept the punishment. Raisa told me of another option should you refuse which I refused to do.” 
Eric growled loudly as Tikcanni paused as he sensed a hand on his arm and looked to see Brianna standing besides him with concern on her face. 
He turned his head back to Tikcanni who spoke again “The option I refused to carry out is the executions of your people by Kaddar. I would rather have you whipped than do this.” 
Eric snarled hearing Tikcanni’s words as he sensed Brianna walk in front of him to hug him with her arms around him hands on his back with her head on his shoulder. He stiffened jerking his eyes shut as the rages arrived and leaned his head on Brianna’s head rubbing it on hers as she tightened her hold on him. He brought his arms around Brianna’s form while breathing through his mouth as the rages ran through out him and stiffened as he felt the familiar headache of his mind scanned. He exhaled air as the rages left him and felt Brianna move her head as her hands moved to touch his chest rubbing in a familiar rhythm. He sighed as the headache left him and breathed through his nose as he opened his eyes to stare at Brianna’s concern ones as his hands rubbed her back. 
He heard Tikcanni speak in Hybrid language “Brianna, I came to enforce Eric’s punishment for the death of Emperor Palin which is whipping. I have the choices of Eric receiving punishment or executing you and your people should Eric refuses, an option I refused to carry out.”
Eric growled some sound loudly as he looked at Tikcanni who stood with arms folded staring at him. 
He felt a hand on his cheek and heard Brianna speak “Eric, look at me.”
He obeyed to look at Brianna in the eyes as she continued “Please take the whipping. I don’t want myself or the others executed so take the punishment.”
Eric groaned loudly as he saw the pleading look in her eyes as she removed her hand from his cheek. 
He spoke “I’ll take the punishment, Brianna.” 
He heard Tikcanni speak “Good, Brianna must be present at your whipping a requirement I insist on.” 
Eric gave Tikcanni a glare and spoke “Fine.” 
He and Brianna walked out of the room to follow Tikcanni with guards walking a maze of hallways and stairwells till they reached an all white hallway with double doors at the end. Eric walked pass the double doors to see underneath a large white spotlight was a high semi circular fence and chains hanging nearby surrounded by inky blackness. His night vision showed a beyond the blackness was a metal pole with a rope attached to it. Beyond the pole he saw a metal like box sitting on a pole. With a growl he stripped himself of his shirt which he handed to Brianna as the Aquarian Kaddar walked pass the fence walking towards the box on the pole. He walked around the semi circular fence till he stood next to the chains as one of the Kaddar a Highlander grabbed the chains with a hand. He held up his gloved hands as the Highlander wrapped the chains around his wrists in a tight grip. Eric went to lean on the fence face on it as he heard a humming sound and felt the chains become tighter raising his arms up above his head. He saw Tikcanni stand on the other side of the fence next to Brianna and saw the Highlander jerk his head which he grimace as he felt the whip hit his back hard bringing pain. He kept grimacing as the whip hit him repeatedly over and over as the pain increased. He roared from the pain of the whip as the rages arrived billowing through out him. He yanked on the chains holding on his wrists holding his arms above him as he leaned against the semi circle fence. He growled loudly with his eyes sight showing nothing but whiteness as the whip continued to hit his back. He roared again as the rages left him showing his eyes sight clear which he could see Brianna with a frown look on her face standing on the other side of the fence with Tikcanni who had a neutral expression on his face with arms folded while standing next to her. Eric saw Tikcanni jerk his head and he sighed of relief as the whip ceased hitting his back. He breathed through his mouth exhaling and inhaling air from the pain as he heard a humming sound and felt the chains become loose which he lowered his arms as they became looser and off his wrists. Eric lowered his arms groaning softly as he walked around the fence to meet Brianna who handed him his shirt which he painfully put on. Eric gave Tikcanni a glare as he felt Brianna place hands on his chest rubbing in a familiar rhythm which he looked at her. He saw out of the corners of his eyes Tikcanni leave entering the darkness followed by Kaddar guards. He saw light appear in the darkness then disappear as he heard a sound of a door slamming close. Eric felt Brianna’s hands touch his cheeks followed by her kissing him on the lips as he placed his gloved hands on her back gently rubbing the area. He groaned as she broke off the kiss to again place her hands on his chest to rub in a familiar rhythm. 
Eric spoke with a groaning tone “Brianna.” 
He heard Brianna speak “It’s alright, Eric.”
He groaned loudly again as Brianna spoke again "Don't worry everything will turn out ok. I oath to you that Tikcanni will some day drop his anger towards you enough to see you as a friend and stop the punishment of the whipping." 
He sighed loudly hearing Brianna's words as she took his hand and led him further into the darkness towards the room's entrance while thinking to himself "I hope that Brianna is right on Tikcanni for I don't think I can take the whipping forever."
He heard nothing in response to his thoughts as Brianna got him out of the whipping room pulling him taking a route to the familiar hallway which she got him into their quarters and got him to remove his clothes and shoes leaving his hands clad of gloves as she did the same with her shoes and clothes which he sighed figuring out that she'll always try to help him feel better from the whipping by always doing the mating ritual to him every time as she led him to the bed he not protesting due to knowing what will happen next.

Part three Sun Lord

Chapter one
Eric jerked from the rages and roared loudly as he felt a small person clutch his left leg. He opened his eyes narrowing at the whiteness and grabbed the person yanking from holding onto his leg. 
He shut his eyes as he felt the familiar headache of his mind scanned. He opened his eyes as the rages went away to stare held in his gloved hands was Erica. 
He saw was no longer a baby like her cousin Drew. He recalling on seeing his sisters, their Mothers laid the babies onto the floor with blankets spread on the ground as if compelled. He went over to take a closer look at them then saw his niece and nephew grew another size in a fast move he shocked to see which was their current body forms. He recalled being told by Brianna that his children and Ionela's children had the same growth happen to them while he was gone as Claws he finding himself shocked to hear from her.
Erica's mental voice blared in his mind he heard shocking him "Uncle Eric?" 
Eric stiffened as the headache went away and he turned around to meet Arielia with a confused look on her face. He realizing that she was clueless on her daughter being a mind walker. He handed her Erica without complaints from his sister and her daughter then backed up turning invisible and ran towards the doors to the cafeteria only to see Brianna appear standing in front of the doors blocking his way with a whooshing sound. 
He groaned as Brianna spoke unseeing him sounding firm “Your not leaving the room, Eric.” 
Eric turned visible as Brianna seeing he, appeared at his side with a whooshing sound besides him, grabbing his arm and yanked him to a chair where she pushed him to sit. He groaned as Brianna pulled his head towards her with her arms on his upper back rubbing. He placed his arms around her and burying his head on her form groaning loudly. Eric felt Brianna push herself from him and he released his hold on her as she leaned down stroking his cheek with a hand. 
He stared at her as she spoke “Don’t worry it’ll pass.” 
Eric sighed as she walked away recalling she knowing his anger towards Highlanders despite not admitting it towards the others. She he recalled wound up insisting firmly on the no admittance of his anger towards Highlanders towards anyone else except her using Drew and Erica as an example to not suffer anger from him. He frowned as he recalled that Brianna was firm on her talk on keeping his views towards Highlanders towards himself and her so that the others wouldn't know of it and influence Drew or Erica in a negative way. He shook his head of the memory to see Brianna walking towards Ionela with Lana and Yuri, Lana's mate. He recalled Yuri after an unexplained absence came into the cafeteria one day to meet his son held in his sister's hands. Yuri on his questioning had refused to explain to him why he wasn't there for Lana and her carrying state including care for Drew soon after the child was born instead acted violently angry whenever the subject was brought up. He recalled being forced to drop the subject after Yuri smashed a chair to pieces in the room after he gave up such questioning towards him in response. He frowned seeing Ionela visibly talking to a Trigan with a Kenibian form but actually a species dubbed Trigan for all having multiple species forms but all having clawed hands like he had that gave up poison when scratching people, words unheard. He closed his eyes leaning forward in the chair and felt small hands touch his left leg. He opened his eyes to see Erica staring at him with her brown eyes appearing to inherited the eye color from her father Brent. 
Eric frowned as Erica's mental voice blared in his mind "Uncle Eric?" 
Eric sighed recognizing the look on her face on her wanting confirmation of who he was which he spoke "Yes I'm Uncle Eric." 
He saw Erica’s lips turn into a smile as she raised her hands throwing them at him. Eric groaned and picked up Erica setting her right side on him and sensed her yawn. He looked at her to feel her settle leaning against him falling asleep. Eric frowned as he felt hands touch his right leg and looked to see Drew twin age as Erica his nephew born of Lana also a Highlander with his red orange short hair having inherited his mother's usual hair color not seen from the natives of planet Terrania staring at him with his Human blue eyes also inherited from his mother. He frowned as Drew threw his hands up throwing them at him. Eric sighed as he lifted Drew up with one arm and settled his left side on him and felt him adjust his position while seeing the child yawning. Eric leaned against the chair as he felt Drew and Erica stop their fidgeting to fall asleep held on his lap by his arms. He sighed as he continued to hold his sleeping nephew and niece on his lap. Eric looked around the room to see Ionela with Brianna and Lana with Yuri standing behind her towering over the females appearing to continued talking to a visible Trigan, their talk still unheard by him. He frowned as he saw Henry walk to Brent and Arielia waving his hands getting their attention indicating their deafness. He saw Henry appearing to be busy talking to them by sign language indicating that he wanted to talk to them privately on something. He continued to frown as he saw Henry turn his back to him while continuing on signing towards those two sign words not seen by him towards Brent and Arielia who were nodding their heads in agreement. He saw his two children Ricky and Cassie with Ionela's children Harry and Anna get up walking as a group towards the cafeteria entrance. Eric recalled on being firm that the his children and Ionela's children were to travel out in the hallway together as a group, he saying that towards the others who appeared to agree with his talk. He watched as the children left the room together he figuring were obeying to his firm order. He turned his attention towards Henry whose back was towards him still signing to Brent and Arielia. Eric frowned as he saw Henry finish his signs and saw him leave the room. He watched as Brent with Arielia walked towards him. He stared at his sister as she and Brent reached him. 
Arielia signed “Eric, let me take Erica.” 
He removed his arm around Erica as Arielia bent down to take the sleeping child from him and watched her leave the room carrying his niece while being followed by Brent. He sighed as he turned his head towards the others talking to a Trigan who he saw finished their talk. The Trigan he saw turned invisible with a body shape outline him seeing despite others unable to see while walking away. He saw Lana with Yuri following her walk towards him. He stood up holding a sleeping Drew and handed the child to his sister who nodded her head then watched her leave the room with her mate following her him towering over his sibling. He sighed as he walked towards Ionela as an outline of another Trigan formed solid showing an Aquarian form that appeared standing next to his sister. He stared at Ionela who reaching him hugged him in a bear hug then let go of him. 
He spoke “Ionela?”
Ionela spoke “Eric, Henry and I want to leave the water ship with our children and live in the city with other people.”
Eric stared at her with anger forming inside him as she paused and continued “I think it’s a good idea worth doing. What do you think?”
He narrowed his eyes folding his arms as he spoke with anger “I don’t agree to this, Ionela.” 
Ionela he saw frowned and then she spoke “But Eric the children deserve a better life than one living here-” 
He interrupted “I think the children’s life here is fine. They don’t need to leave the ship.”
Ionela spoke “But Eric-“
He again interrupted “I don’t want to hear more of this subject from you or anyone again. The children are not leaving the ship period.” 
Eric lowered his arms and gave Ionela a glare that flinched from the look then he walked out of the cafeteria towards his quarters. He saw doors to quarters were closed as he walked by them. 
Reaching his quarters he walked inside slamming the door and went to the armchair to sit and grumbled out loud in anger “That Trigan she was talking to must have given her the idea of leaving the ship. I’ll see that he’s disciplined for that as their leader period.”
He leaned back in the armchair folding his arms as he muttered out loud “The children are fine here. They don’t need to leave the ship. I don’t see anything wrong with life here worth leaving to live in the city. Harrumph. I think living on the ship is fine and no need to abandon it.” 
He sighed as he felt his anger leave him and lowered his arms staring at the door to the room which opened to reveal Brianna. He smiled a small smile as Brianna with affection in her eyes seeing he, entered the room closing the door behind her. 
He stood up and spoke “Let me guess, it’s Ionela and Henry’s turn to watch the children tonight.”
He saw Brianna nod her head in agreement as he went to her wrapping his arms around her in a hug. He heard Brianna sigh loudly as he felt her arms went around him in a hug as her head leaned on his shoulder. He leaned his chin on her head while rubbing her back. 
He heard Brianna speak “Don’t worry about the children. They’ll be taken care of, I’ve seen to it.” 
He sighed as he let go of Brianna who let go of him then he watched her walk to the bathroom walking inside leaving the door ajar behind her. Eric sighed some more while taking off his shoes and clothes leaving his underwear shorts on which he went to the dresser carrying them. He took out his pajamas exchanging his underwear shorts for them then he went to the bed and got in pulling the blankets up to his chest. He lay on his side watching the open ajar bathroom door listening to the noises Brianna made from inside. He exhaled air as Brianna wearing her nightgown carrying her clothes left the bathroom turning off the light. He saw her place the clothes on an arm chair then he watched her walk towards him on the bed which she got in and saw her twist to turn off the lamp on the dresser besides the bed. He sighed as he felt Brianna lay her head on his chest and he wrapped his arms around her as he closed his eyes falling asleep. 

Eric woke up hearing the beeping sound of the alarm and discovered himself spoon fashioning Brianna who he felt sit up turning on the lamp and shut off the alarm. He sighed as he stared at her getting up from the bed stretching her arms while walking towards the armchair where her clothes was seen lying on it. He watched as Brianna picked up the clothes and went inside the bathroom closing the door behind her. Eric smiled a small smile as he got up from the bed and went to his clothes inside the dresser he exchanged from his pajamas to them which he put on along with his socks and sneakers. 
Eric spoke out loud “I might as well find that Trigan who gave Ionela the idea of leaving the ship and discipline him.” 
He left the quarters and frowned when he saw no outlines in the hallway along with bedroom doors open. Frowning he went to the cafeteria and stared with shock when he saw it was empty with no outlines seen. He stiffened with anger as he remembered his conversation with Ionela the previous day and ran out of the cafeteria going to the open bedroom doors peering in each of them as Brianna came out of his quarters to stand watching him. He felt anger rising some more as he saw each of the bedrooms were empty of people and outlines. Growling he reached his Father’s room near the double doors of the hallway and stormed inside to see it was empty. He walked out into the hallway as the rages arrived with whiteness clouding up his eyes sight. He roared loudly as he charged with hands in fists and met a hard wall which he punched repeatedly as the rages left him. He continued to punch the wall as his eyes cleared up showing clear eyes sight along with his anger leaving him. Eric left the wall and went to Brianna standing in front of his quarters which he grabbed her arms in a tight grip. 
He spoke “Brianna, what’s going on? Where are the others?”
Eric stared at Brianna who stared back at him meeting his eyes. 
She spoke “While you were in our quarters, the others including our children left the ship to live in the city.”
Eric exclaimed “What?!”
Brianna, he stared with shock on his face, spoke “It’s alright, Eric, the children will be taken care of as they live their lives out there in the city.” 
Eric spoke while feeling anger returning to him “But Brianna I told Ionela that the children will be fine as they live here. Why do they need to leave when they have everything they want here?” 
Brianna he stared at with pleading, spoke “Not everything they want is here.”
He frowned as he released his hold on Brianna’s arms who continued talking “What they wanted was to live among the other races in the city and not live here being isolated from the world. They wanted to join the world to learn everything they wanted to learn. They weren’t getting it from living here.” 
He growled out as anger remained “Hence them leaving the ship to live in the city.” 
He snarled a growl loudly as he felt Brianna place her hands on his chest rubbing in their familiar rhythm. 
He narrowed his eyes as he stared at Brianna who spoke “I oath to you, Eric, that I will stay with you and that includes as long as you want to stay here even as long as I live. That’s a promise I aim to keep till death comes to me.” 
He spoke “Death won’t come to you, Brianna.” 
Brianna spoke as he felt her continue to rub his chest “Yes it will for I’m not ageless as you are judging by your hair still not showing white like mine is now by its state indicating old age hitting me before death will come claiming me.”
He growled as he felt his stomach rumbling in hunger and heard Brianna speak again “Come love, to the cafeteria. You and I need to eat something for we need it to live.” 
He stared at Brianna who took one of his gloved hands and pulled him down the hallway through the double doors of the cafeteria which she led him to the dishwashing machine and started taking out a tray and dishes which she handed to him. He exhaled air as he followed Brianna while holding the tray loaded with dishes for both her and him to the food processing units next to it. He sighed as she loaded the dishes with food and drink then he followed her to a table where they both sat down and began eating and drinking from the dishes on the tray. Once done Eric went to the dishwashing machine and placed the dishes away inside it. Then he went to pace watched by Brianna sitting in a chair as anger arrived. 
He growled out loud knowing Brianna could hear him “I’m disappointed in the others for getting the idea of leaving the ship. Why couldn’t they stay? Harrumph, they had to leave to join the world, Argh.” 
He heard the cafeteria doors open and looked with annoyance to see a familiar Highlander dubbed Tikcanni walking in escorted by four guards, two Highlanders and two Aquarians. 
He folded his arms and gave Tikcanni a glare who spoke “Eric, time for your punishment, so come along, you and Brianna.”
Eric responded by roaring out some loud nonsense sound and he felt hands on his arm which he cut off to look at Brianna with a worry look on her face. He recalled with disgust of killing Tikcanni's twin brother Emperor Palin by poisoning him by his clawed hands scratching the Highlander male on the cheek. The scratching resulted in the Emperor poisoned to death that was caught on recorders in the ship in a hallway after he hid the male's body that was later found by the Shadonia and pointed out to the Oceanans living in the city. He growled loudly recalling blaming his son for the death when he was the cause of the murder. He felt Brianna rubbed his arm and he turned his attention towards Tikcanni who left the room followed by his guards. Growling loudly he unfolded his arms and left the room with Brianna’s hands on his arm to follow Tikcanni and escorts to the whipping room. Once inside he gave Brianna his shirt then walked to the fence holding out his hands watching the Kaddar an Oceanan nation guardian force, a Highlander wrap his wrists with the chains. Eric leaned against the fence eyes on Brianna as he heard a humming sound and felt the chains become tighter raising his arms above his head. He kept his eyes on Brianna as he grimaced while feeling the whip hitting his bare back hard repeatedly with the pain rising after each hit. He roared some angry sound as the pain got intense along with the whipping hitting his back. Eric felt the whipping stop and he sagged in relief against the fence and felt the chains peel off his arms which he lowered. He walked around the fence to meet Brianna handing his shirt which he painfully put on as he glared at Tikcanni watching him surrounded by his four Kaddar guards. 
Tikcanni spoke “Your people stopped by Oceana’s Ambassadorial Headquarters to inform me that they had left the water ship. They are currently going to live in Americania's capital city of Atlanta where the water ship is currently docked in. I gave them directions on where to go. I assure you their doing fine.” 
Eric roared growling loudly hearing Tikcanni’s words as the rages arrived. He felt Brianna’s hands on his chest rubbing as he sensed his mind scanned followed by the rages leaving him along with the headache. He bore his eyes angrily at Tikcanni who turned and left the room followed by his guards. He looked down at Brianna whose hands continued to rub his chest as he felt himself relaxing from the angry feeling running throughout him. 
Brianna spoke “Eric, it’s alright. The others will take care of Ricky and Cassie as well as taking care of their children. Don’t worry they’ll be fine.” 
He responded to Brianna’s words was to snarl some nonsense sound and felt her hands leave his chest as she went to his side gripping his left arm. He didn’t protest as she pulled him out of the whipping room into the all white hallway walking a maze of hallways and stairwells till they reached one of the outer decks facing the land deck where the gang plank sat. 
Brianna, he heard continued speaking “Eric, we can leave to join the others if you want.” 
Eric stared at her and at the land deck as fear arrived billowing through out him. He shivered shaking from the fearful feeling. 
He turned his attention towards her and spoke “I don’t think I can leave the ship. I’m afraid.” 
He felt Brianna’s hands again rubbed his chest as she stood in front of him. He shook from the fearful feeling running through out him as his shaking hands went to touch her back. 
He heard Brianna speak “It’s alright, there’s nothing to be afraid out there but our family.”
Eric felt her hands leave his chest as his hands left her back and felt her hands grip his arms as she pulled him towards the gang plank. He again felt the fearful feeling and shivered violently shaking visibly as he got closer to the gang plank. With a roaring cry he yanked himself out of Brianna’s grip turning around and took off running towards the stairwell. He ran down the stairs running a maze of hallways and stairwells till he reached his quarters and ran inside slamming the door. He fell on his knees as tears came to his eyes while rocking his form back and forth crying out in wails. Eric lay on the rugged floor curling in a ball still crying while feeling the fearful feeling running through out him. He shook violently as he cried wailing noises with his arms wrapped around his head. He continued to cry as he felt a hand touch his arm pulling it from his head as he blinked his tear stained eyes to see Brianna kneeling next to him with worry on her face. He pulled himself up and clung to her form in a tight grip as he continued to wail his cries while feeling her hands on him. He cried and cried till he was gasping and felt tears stopped flowing from his eyes as he felt the feeling of fear leave him. Eric sighed as he felt Brianna’s hands rubbing his back as he leaned his chin on her shoulder with his hands on her back. He exhaled air and pulled himself from Brianna’s grip as he let go of holding her to stare at her in the eyes. 
Her brown eyes he saw were filled with worry as she spoke “Eric, Merra tells me that you’re fearful reaction to leaving shows that you and the ship are somehow connected together.”
He frowned at her words referring to Merra a large sentient mind walking plant that lived in the ocean and on the surface at each sun's daylight day as he spoke “I don’t need to leave the ship. Everything I want is here. Why do I need to go out in the world when everything I want is provided here?”
Eric heard Brianna sigh loudly as he continued speaking with anger in his voice “The others can live wherever they want and who cares about them.” 
He paused as he felt anger running throughout him and he added “I don’t care if they come begging for me to leave and join them for I’m not leaving period.” 
He got up as Brianna got up and began pacing with his arms folded as he growled out “I’m not leaving not ever.” 
Eric felt tiredness arrive overtaking his anger and he unfolded his arms to stare at Brianna looking at him. 
He spoke “I’m tired, Brianna. I want to get some sleep.”
He sighed as he began taking off his clothes leaving his underwear shorts on as Brianna pulled back the blankets and he got in the bed as she pulled the blankets to settle on his chest. Eric sighed loudly as he closed his eyes falling asleep. He heard the lamp click off followed by sensing darkness and heard the door to the room open and close as he let sleep over come him. 

Eric dreamed of Brianna standing on the land deck as he saw his children Ricky and Cassie walking towards her. He watched as his children embraced their Mother who had a sad look in her face. 
She spoke “Merra tells me that your Father and the ship are connected mentally which is preventing him from leaving. She also told me that if you or the others come back to the ship, he will use deadly force to keep you and the others from leaving again. I’m sorry to say that according to Merra my death will be the only thing that will get the ship to release its hold on Eric and will cause it to go towards the ocean to sink. I’m afraid this is the last time you’ll see me for I won’t leave your Father till death claims me. I’m sorry, children, tell the others this.” 
Eric saw his children nod their heads then they embraced Brianna then walked away as she turned and walked up the gang plank as blackness arrived and he fell unconscious. 

Chapter two
Eric woke up to hear the beeping of the alarm and found himself spoon fashioning Brianna who reached over to turn on the lamp and turned off the alarm. He got up from the bed as she got up. He went to his clothes as she picked up her clothes and saw her went inside the bathroom gently closing the door behind her. Eric put on his clothes and sat on the bed putting on his sneakers. He sat staring at the wall with a frown on his face as he heard the bathroom door open from behind him followed by Brianna walking into his line of sight. He sighed as she took his hand and pulled him from the room to the hallway to the cafeteria. Once again he held the tray as Brianna loaded up dishes and utensils from the dishwashing machine then he followed her to the food processing units where she loaded the dishes with food and drink. Eric followed Brianna to a table where he sat down next to her putting the tray on the table. He and Brianna ate and drank in silence then once done he took the tray to the dishwashing machine and put away the dishes and utensil then began to pace watched by Brianna. The door to the cafeteria opened and Aiden walked in as Eric paused from his pacing to stare at the Drainer who walked up to him. 
He felt Brianna’s hand on his arm as Aiden reaching him spoke “Ambassador Nalon wants you in his office.” 
Eric nodded his head and with Brianna’s hand on his arm followed Aiden out of the cafeteria walking a maze of corridors and stairwells till they reached an outer deck and walked by the gang plank. Eric gave the gang plank a glare as he walked by it. Reaching the office he went inside. Ambassador Nalon of the Shadonia species he saw was standing in front of the desk with a frown on his face. 
Ambassador Nalon spoke in Basic the planetary world Terrania's international language “I have been given an offer to have facilities for office work for my position and quarters to live. It's in another place which is the same building as the President of Americania’s office and quarters whenever the titleholder is in residence in Atlanta. I have thought of this offer with great deal of thought and have come to a decision.”
Eric frowned as the Ambassador paused then continued “I have decided to accept the offer. I'm in process of setting up the facilities and moving out. I thought I would let you know about this.”
Eric nodded his head as the Ambassador added “I thank you for your time and allowing myself and my people to have this place as our headquarters.”
He spoke as Ambassador Nalon held up his hand “I thank you for our friendship.” 
He shook the Ambassador’s long finger nailed pointed hand with his gloved hand then left the office escorted by Brianna. He once again gave the gang plank a glare as he and Brianna passed by it. He felt Brianna stop which he stopped his walking to stare at her face that showed a sad expression on it. Then she, he saw stood in front of him while weeping tears. Eric frowned as she cried letting go of him.
He heard her speak “Eric, I like to be alone for awhile.” 
He stared at her as she left him while hearing a whooshing sound and a door slamming sound ahead of him. He sighed and walked to the door as his meeting with Raisa a Humanoid said to be Merra's daughter flashed in his mind’s eye. He frowned as his feet took him to the meeting spot as he stared at the area with a narrowed eyed glare. Raisa’s words about Highlanders helping him with a problem despite one known for mind wiping his mind of his memories leaving him amnesic echoed in his mind. 
He exhaled a breath thinking to himself “I’ll never forgive them for what they did to me.”
He cut himself off as he felt his mind scanned followed by Merra’s voice speaking “I don’t like having to tell you this but Shuen Jiang the Highlander responsible for mind wiping you has died a few suns ago. His last words to me was ‘Merra don’t let Highlanders do what I did to Eric happen ever’.”
He growled some soft sound as a feeling of pleasure arrived as he recalled his memories wound up later restored along with knowing that the Highlander responsible for the mind wiping was dead. 
Merra paused then continued speaking “You’re free of Shuen Jiang and his influence so be happy with that knowing that he can no longer torment you. Be happy living the rest of your life without being influenced by a Highlander like Shuen Jiang did to you ever again. I oath to you on that for I’ll see it won’t happen to anyone or you again.” 
He sighed as Merra left his mind and closed his eyes as the feeling of pleasure ran through out him. 
He opened his eyes and spoke out loud “Finally dead. At least I won’t suffer from this again. Thanks Merra.” 
He turned and walked to the door opening the door to the stairwell while sighing as he walked down the stairs. He walked a maze of stairwells and hallways till he reached his quarters. Eric frowned as he heard Brianna crying from opening the door to the quarters. 
He frowned thinking to himself “Brianna for some reason is crying like she's very upset about something. I think she misses the others.”
He exhaled a breath and walked into the quarters towards the open bathroom doorway where he could see Brianna leaning over the sink crying tears while staring at the mirror. 
He spoke “Brianna.” 
He heard Brianna speak in a weepy voice “I’m losing my looks. I’m aging which is making my hair change from its state to another state along with getting wrinkles on my face and elsewhere on me.”
Eric sighed and walked till he was standing behind Brianna and placed hands on her shoulders that felt thin to the touch while rubbing the areas. 
He spoke “Your eyes will always be the same despite your appearance changing. I can still see that look you always give me is still there.”
He exhaled a breath as Brianna moved out of his hands towards the rack next to the sink where she grabbed a towel rubbing her face into it. He stared at her as she placed the towel back on the rack and looked at him with affection in her eyes. He opened his arms wide as Brianna walked to him which he wrapped his arms around her in a hug. 
He heard Brianna sigh loudly before speaking “Eric, oath me something.”
Eric groaned softly as he hugged Brianna before speaking “You have my oath so tell me what it is.” 
Brianna spoke “I want you to continue living your life with a purpose after I die. If you find a female to love I won’t mind if you’re happy with her.” 
He spoke with a groaning tone “Brianna that is something I don’t agree with for nothing will replace you.” 
He felt Brianna’s hands on his cheeks and looked down to look at her in the eyes whose expression he saw had a serious look in them. 
She spoke “Please, it’ll hurt me if you don’t continue living your life after my death with a purpose in mind.” 
Eric opened his mouth to speak and found a hand forcing his jaw shut as Brianna continued “I insist on this just so you have my permission to move on with another female to love. I can rest easy knowing that you’ll continue your life with a purpose to live.”
Eric sighed and with a hand stroked Brianna’s back as she removed her hand from touching his jaw to his cheek. He lowered his face till his lips touched hers and stiffened when he heard a muffled choking sound. He abruptly broke off the kiss as he stared at her with widen eyes and grabbed one of her hands bringing it to his lips while staring at her face. He saw a shocked expression arrive on Brianna’s face as he kissed her hand while hearing her give up a choking sound. 
He cut the kissing and groaned loudly as he spoke “Brianna, what’s going on? You’re choking as I kiss you.”
Brianna spoke “Eric, I think I’m too old to withstand the poison from your lips. I’m no longer young but I feel fine whenever you hold me with your arms around me.” 
Eric frowned as her hands went to his chest gently rubbing as his hands went to her back gently rubbing. He heard her sigh as he hugged her and felt her push herself out of his arms taking his hand. He sighed as she pulled him out of the bathroom to the bedroom and sighed again as she hugged him before letting go to go to the armchair to sit staring at him with a pleasant expression on her face. 
He exhaled a breath and spoke “I think I’ll explore the ship.”
He saw Brianna nod her head and he walked out of the quarters to lean his form on the wall. 
He thought to himself “I’m not keeping my oath to you, Brianna. No female will ever replace you. I don’t think I could live without you if you die. I don't think I can have a purpose to live without you living at my side.” 
He straightened up and stood in the hallway with a frown on his face. He sighed and turned his form invisible. He frowned as he saw Brianna with tears streaming down her face leave his quarters walking towards the double doors to the stairwell in the hallway. He silently followed her she not seeing him walking a maze of hallways and stairwells till he reached an outer deck where the gang plank was. Eric frowned as Brianna paused from walking to look behind her still sobbing away. He quickly and silently ran till he was ahead of Brianna and stood watching her as she turned and continued walking she still not seeing him. He walked backwards ahead of Brianna watching her face that showed sadness with tears running down from her eyes. He reached the edge of the gang plank folded his arms and made his appearance from his hidden state as he saw a surprised look arrive on Brianna’s face. 
Eric spoke with a begging tone “Brianna, don’t leave me.” 
Brianna he stared at burst out a wailing like sound and cried harder. He walked up to her and took her hand pulling her away from the gang plank. 
He spoke as he held a firm grip on her hand “Stay with me, Brianna.” 
Brianna in response to his annoyance gave up another wailing like sound as she continued to cry tears. Eric exhaled a breath and pulled her walking a maze of hallways and stairwells till he reached a grey wall with a small TV monitor on it. He put his hand on the monitor that flashed a white light and then the wall in front of him opened sliding like a door showing a huge room with large vertical tubes jutting from the floor with wires coming from the tops going into the ceiling. He heard Brianna gasp as he pulled her into the room walking by tubes ignoring their emptiness till he reached a tube and stopped. He felt Brianna stiffened with his hand on hers as he stared at the tube’s contents which he saw had a lumpy tan object he recognized as a brain with wires attached to it. 
Eric spoke “Brianna, this is Anya Eric's mother, actually what’s left of me after Eric destroyed my body with his poisoning who is talking through him.”
Brianna he heard gave another gasp as he continued “Eric isn’t aware of me. I will keep it that way. I will make sure he doesn’t believe you even if you tell him.”
He placed a gloved hand on the tube partition and added “Eric won’t remember this after he wakes up from sleeping off a headache.”
He turned towards Brianna and gently rubbed a hand on her cheek as she wiped her tear stained eyes with her free hand. Eric smiled a small smile at Brianna then gently pulled her out of the room walking a maze of hallways and stairwells till he reached the hallway where his quarters stood. 
He pulled her into the bedroom and forced her to sit in an armchair then spoke “Brianna, I have a headache. I need to sleep this off.” 
Eric went to the bed and laid his form on it lying sideways facing Brianna and he closed his eyes. He heard a musical voice singing words not understood and surrendered to sleep. 

Chapter Three
Eric woke up with confusion in his face. He frowned as he looked around the room and saw Brianna sitting in an arm chair with a sad look on her face eyes staring at the floor. He got up from the bed and went to Brianna gently putting hands on her cheeks rubbing the areas. Her eyes he saw continued to stare down as he leaned down and placed hands on Brianna’s upper back rubbing as he pulled her towards him in a hug. He sighed loudly as he hugged her then frowned as an image of smiling Ionela and Arielia standing together came to his mind. He frowned as a feeling of great sadness arrived and released his hold on Brianna to stand staring at her. Sighing loudly he walked out of the quarters walking towards the double doors entering the stairwell. He walked a maze of hallways and stairwells till he reached the outer deck leading to the gang plank and stood with arms folded staring at the land deck that was empty of people. He stared at the land deck seemingly lengthy and then heard a whooshing sound behind him. He looked to see Brianna standing at his side with a frown on her face that was showing wrinkles on it. He groaned as she walked towards him and went in his embrace as he wrapped arms around her. 
He heard her speak as she laid her head on his shoulder “Eric, what’s wrong? You seem upset about something judging by how lengthy you stood here.” 
Eric spoke “I’m upset about the others not coming to visit us or let me know how their doing.” 
He felt Brianna raise her head and he looked at her in the face where he could see was showing wrinkles of old age. He sighed as she placed hands on his chest rubbing in a familiar rhythm then she stopped to sigh loudly. 
He stared at Brianna who spoke “What would happen if the others come visit us?”
Eric spoke “I’ll keep them from leaving again-“
Brianna interrupted “That’s why they don’t visit.” 
He stared at Brianna with shock who stared back at him with a serious expression on her face. 
Eric spoke in a groaning tone “If they can’t visit us then why can’t they sent someone to update me on their lives?”
He heard Brianna sigh loudly again before she spoke “Perhaps it’s best to not to know how their leading their life.” 
He rubbed her back with his gloved hands as he spoke “I really would like to know about Ricky and Cassie growing up to adulthood, perhaps learn if they have mates which could result in them having children. I also want to know how Ricky handled his rages something I suffer with myself. I really want to know how Arielia and Ionela are doing living out there for I miss them.”
He paused as he looked at the land deck and growled loudly as he saw Tikcanni walking slowly towards the gangplank while being escorted by four Kaddar all Highlanders. Eric felt Brianna remove her hands from his chest as he let go of her back. He turned and walked towards the gangplank while being followed by Brianna. Reaching the gangplank's entrance he stood with arms folded a glare on his face as he watched Tikcanni looking wearily slowly walked on the gangplank towards him. He narrowed his eyes as Tikcanni reached him with tiredness. Eric glared at Tikcanni who took off the glove of his right hand and rolled his sleeve. 
He stared at Tikcanni as the Highlander spoke in Basic language “Eric, I never thought I would live to see this day when I will no longer see you as an enemy for killing my brother. The whipping, I oath to you will stop for your free of the punishment.”
Eric widen his eyes of shock as Tikcanni paused then continued “I see you as someone worthy of being an ally, a friend who I look with respect. Will you see me as the same?”
He frowned as Tikcanni rose up his bare right hand towards him but kept his arms folded. 
Tikcanni added “I just hope the day will come when you will no longer see Highlanders as your enemy but your allies worth being friends with.” 
Eric sighed softly as he lowered his arms and with his right gloved hand took Tikcanni’s bare hand and shook it. 
He spoke as he let go of Tikcanni’s hand “I accept you as my friend for you see me as the same.” 
Eric sighed again as Tikcanni nodded his head as the Highlander placed his glove back on his hand rolling down his sleeve. He stood and watched as Tikcanni escorted by Kaddar guards slowly turned around and walked down the gangplank to reach the land deck. Eric groaned loudly as he saw Brianna went to stand in front of him and he felt her arms around him holding him in a hug. He rubbed his hands on her back as he felt tears come to his eyes and continued to groan loudly. 
He felt Brianna tighten her hold on him as he cried loudly crying out “Brianna.”
Eric cried and cried as Brianna’s arms continued to hold him in a hug. 
He groaned out loudly during a bout of sobbing “Oh why, why did I have to kill Emperor Palin because of my anger towards Highlanders? I could have left him alive and found another way to express my anger towards his species.”
He broke off to cry as he heard Brianna speaking “It’s alright, Eric. That happened in the past. There’s nothing you can do to change the past but put it aside by moving on. Tikcanni let go of his anger towards you for what happened to his brother so don’t hold onto the pain of the killing, just let it go and free yourself of this torment.”
He felt Brianna’s arms left from holding him as he felt her hands touch his chest rubbing in a gentle rhythm as he closed his eyes struggling to relax from the crying. Eric exhaled air as the rages arrived and breathe through his mouth as the anger went throughout him.
He heard Brianna’s voice and concentrated on the words understanding them “It’ll pass, don’t worry, just ride this out.” 
He continued to breathe through his mouth as he felt himself calming down while feeling Brianna’s hands continue to rub his chest. Eric rubbed her back with his gloved hands as he opened his eyes to look at her in the eyes. Her eyes he saw were filled with affection towards him as she stared back at him. He sighed loudly as he tightened his arms around Brianna while feeling her place her head on his shoulder. He leaned his chin on her head while smelling her hair’s scent as he felt her arms go around him in a hug then they let go to stand staring at the land deck separately seemingly lengthy. He frowned as the sun became lower in the sky judging by the sunlight dimming and sensed a hand on his arm and he looked to see Brianna staring at him with affection in her eyes. He stared at her appearance which was beginning to show her age. He could see her hair was entirely white and was frizzy instead of silky smooth in a black color along with her skin no longer smooth but bumpy with wrinkles on it. Frowning he turned his attention to the land deck as he unfolded his arms. He sighed as Brianna walked to stand in front of him arms around him in a hug. Eric rubbed her back that felt thin to the touch with his gloved hands. 
He exhaled air as he felt a headache and heard Merra’s voice speaking in his mind “Eric, Brianna, some things I think you should know. The Shadonia a few suns ago have publicity announced that they have the ability to detect lies. Also Terrania is now united ruled by a newly created title holder called Sun Lord who was introduced during the opening ceremonies of the Terrania Unity Games in the city of Atlanta. The Sun Lord I should add rules with his identity hidden wearing a mask covering his head showing no features of his species. I thought I’ll let you know of this.”
Eric again exhaled air as he felt the headache left him as Merra left his mind. He sighed tightening his arms around Brianna who laid her head on his shoulder. He sighed as the light of the sky began to leave which the ceiling lights abruptly turned on illuminating them.
He exhaled air as the darkness of the night arrived and he spoke “Come love, its nighttime, let’s go in and get some sleep.” 
He let go of holding Brianna who removed her hands from his chest to grip his right hand with her left hand. He and Brianna hand in hand walked towards the stairwell and entered it walking a maze of hallways and stairwells till they reached the hallway where their quarters were. He sighed loudly as he let go of Brianna’s hand to enter his quarters with her following him. He yanked off his clothes as Brianna picked up her nightgown from the chair and went into the bathroom. He went to the dresser on his side of the bed and pulled out his pajamas as he stood naked which he put on his form. He sighed and laid his form on the bed closing his eyes as he felt himself falling unconscious. 

Chapter four
Eric jerked his eyes open as he heard a female voice speak his name. He frowned hearing the female’s tone which was compelling him awake. He looked at the closed door to the room and got up. He felt himself wearing his pajamas as he walked out of the room like in a trance to the hallway. He walked to his Father’s room opening the door to look into the room. Brianna he saw was in the room sitting in a chair with a small blanket on her lap. Her attention was at the bed which he looked to see a female form lying in it with eyes closed with brown hair sprayed around her head on the pillow. Eric walked into the room closing the door as he felt an urge to mate arrived within him. He stripped himself of his clothes dropping them onto the floor as the female on the bed woke up looking at him with her eyes whose color he could see were brown and twin to Brianna’s. Eric went to the bed and yanked the blankets till they were at the foot and felt pleasure seeing the female’s form was bare of clothing. He laid his form on top of the female who placed hands on his shoulders as his gloved hands went to her sides while feeling her parted her legs accommodating him. He entered her feeling a barrier blocking his way as he with a quick move thrust through the barrier while hearing the female gasp out some groan sound. Eric felt intense pleasure as he continued thrusting inside the female with her meeting his movements. He shook from an intense charge of pleasure as he spilled himself inside the female while hearing her gasp out a long moaning sound. Eric pulled out of the female and lay on his side staring at her as she gave out a groan sound before closing her eyes. He looked at her front focused onto an area as if drawn to see it growing bigger and bigger becoming so swollen which he saw a baby with a male sensitive part attached, a male come out from between her legs as the swollen area flattened itself back to normal status. The baby he saw focusing had his skin coloring, golden human eyes, a mop of black short hair and his clawed hands which he picked up and held the offspring towards Brianna who got up holding a blanket which she wrapped around the child. He saw her walked towards the bathroom doorway disappearing in a flash of light. Eric turned his attention towards the female who he saw woke up and he lowered his face towards hers while feeling one of her hands touched his cheek. He brought his lips to the female’s lips and jerked as he felt a powerful charge of pleasure run through out him. Eric and the female together broke off the kiss and they both got up from the bed. He grabbed his pajamas putting them on his form as the female put on a lacy white nightgown like dress. Eric walked out of the room closing the door and went to his quarters shared with Brianna to the bed which he got in pulling the blankets on his form and closed his eyes. 

Eric dreamed an eye sight overhead view of himself lying in bed and the view shifted like a recording device to show Brianna walking out of the bathroom doorway in a flash of light. The view focused onto Brianna walking towards the bed to the alarm clock placing hands on it. He heard small multiple beeping sounds then she removed her hands and laid her form on the bed while wearing her clothes she appearing to be staring at himself lying in the bed before closing them then the view went black. 

Chapter five
Eric jerked to hear the beeping sound of the alarm along with confusion raging throughout him due to sensing something he was forgetting but couldn't remember it. Along with feeling like he had mated from the familiar feelings of that hitting him but couldn't remember if he mated with Brianna or not. He frowned as he sat up and leaned over Brianna turning the lamp on while shutting off the alarm. He stared at Brianna lying asleep in bed on top of the blankets while wearing her blue dress and shoes on her feet who didn’t stir. Sighing he figured that she must have manipulated him with her mouth and hands while he was asleep hence his feelings of mating. He got up from the bed yanking off his pajamas and grabbed his clothes from the dresser which he put on his form. He went to sit on the bed as he put on his socks and sneakers then he stood up to stare at Brianna who was still slumbering. He frowned as he went to Brianna’s side of the bed and gently stroked her cheek with a gloved hand. 
He frowned some more as Brianna spoke with a cranky tone with weariness in her voice “Eric, I’m tired and I can’t shake the tiredness so let me sleep some more.” 
Groaning softly Eric left Brianna and the room gently closing the door behind him. He went to the cafeteria to the dishwashing machine where he picked up a tray and loaded it with dishes and utensils which he filled with food and drink from the processing units. Sighing he went to a table and sat eating and drinking then once done he put the dishes away in the dishwashing machine then went to his quarters to stare at Brianna laying asleep. 
Eric frowned as he thought “I might as well explore the ship.”
He walked towards the double doors at the end of the hallway and entered the stairwell which his feet led him through a maze of hallways and stairwells till he entered an all white hallway with doors at the end which he recognized led to the whipping room. Eric growled some sound as annoyance arrived within him. He walked into the room where he could see a fence underneath a spotlight with chains hanging next to it. Growling loudly he stormed pass the fence to the whipping machine and its switch console nearby it. He felt anger arrived with a roar he charged at the whipping machine’s console which he grabbed yanking it off the floor with sparks flashing. He held the box pole in his hands and threw it repeatedly towards the ground. Growling he threw the console at the fence which it hit then tumbled towards the floor falling apart. Eric stormed towards the whip attached to a metal pole and grabbed the pole which he yanked out of the floor with sparks flashing. He angrily threw it towards the floor repeatedly as the whipping pole fell apart at each hit. He threw the whipping pole towards the fence which hit then tumbled towards the floor falling apart. Eric roared loudly as the rages arrived clouding up his eyes sight with whiteness. He growled roaring nonsense sounds as the rages ran through out him. He shut his eyes and breathed through his mouth while struggling to calm down from the rages. He breathed hard panting as the rages left him clearing up his eyes sight. Sighing he ran out of the whipping room running a maze of hallways and stairwells till he reached a wall with a small TV screen next to it in the middle of a hallway. He touched the TV with his hand then the wall slid opened like a door and showed him a large room with vertical tubes jutting from the floor with wires attached on top going to the ceiling. He speed walked into the room as a compelling instinct feeling told him to where to go. He walked pass vertical tubes sparing them no glances till he reached a tube with series of wires inside attached to a tan bumpy object that his instincts told him was a brain. He walked up to the brain’s tube and placed a hand on the glass wall staring at the brain inside. Eric jerked shutting his eyes as a headache arrive pounding in his head. He groaned putting a gloved hand on his forehead as the headache abruptly left him. He jerked his hand from his forehead opening his eyes as confusion arrive through out him. He stared at the tube his hand was on and its contents with a frown as nothing came to his mind telling him what it was. Eric lowered his hand stepping back from the tube as an image of Brianna sleeping in bed while wearing her blue dress came to his mind. 
Eric spoke “Brianna.” 
He darted out of the room running a maze of hallways and stairwells till he reached his quarters while panting for breath. He still panting entered the room to see Brianna lying asleep on the blankets in bed. He went to the bed and sat and took one of her hands holding it in his gloved hands. 
He spoke softly “Brianna.”
Brianna he stared opened her eyes to stare at him then she spoke “Eric, there’s something in your Father’s room I want to show you. Can you carry me there?’
Eric nodded his head and picked up Brianna who wrapped her arms around his neck as he carried her out of the room to the hallway towards his Father’s room. He went inside the room and set her down which she went to a dresser and pulled out a tape from a bottom drawer which she handed to him. He went to the TV's recorder machine and put the tape inside it and went to sit next to Brianna sitting on the bed both eyes staring at the TV monitor which flickered blue then showed images. Eric frowned seeing a camera view of a naked himself lying with eyes closed on a white floor which he recognized was the room he first mated with Brianna. Frowning he saw the view shifted showing a naked Brianna lying next to him with eyes closed and then the view shifted to an area on her form which devices were seen held in hands waving over the area that started growing bigger and bigger. Eric shifted on the bed staring at the TV as the view showed Brianna’s area form become so swollen which the view shifted to show an area between her legs and he stiffened seeing a baby come out wailing its cries. The baby he saw had a mop of black short hair and clawed hands similar to his with a male sensitive part which he recognized with shock that the baby was Ricky. He stared at the TV with widen eyes as the screen went blue then changed to show a wall that led to his padded cell which opened to show Brianna walking out wearing a hospital gown and was given an oxygen mask which she laid on a stretcher bed with eyes closed. The view shifted showing a hand yank Brianna’s dress up showing its focus onto a familiar area which again started growing bigger becoming so swollen and then shifted to between her legs as a baby came out wailing its noises. Eric stiffened seeing the baby had a mop of black hair and human like hands with a feminine part seen despite it not seen on the chest area from females which he recognized to be Cassie. The TV screen went black as Eric shifted his attention towards Brianna looking at him with affection in her eyes while smiling a small smile at him. He raised a hand and gently placed on Brianna’s front where he saw the recorder show it swollen rubbing the area gently while wrapping an arm around her. 
He pulled her towards his form as he heard he speak “Eric, I want to watch the sun rise. Can you carry me?”
Eric without a word lifted Brianna up and felt her arms wrap around his neck as he carried her out of the room to the hallway. He walked a maze of hallways and stairwells guided by Brianna voicing the directions till he reached an outer deck with no ceiling cover and there was a bench in the hallway. He went to the bench and sat holding her on his lap. 
Brianna spoke “Eric, wake me up when the sky is lighter just before the sun rises.” 
He spoke “Will do, love.”
Brianna he felt placed her head on his shoulder and fell asleep. Eric frowned sitting on the bench with Brianna sitting sideways on his lap with her head on his shoulder and her eyes on her wrinkled face were closed. Eric sighed breathing the cool air of the night while looking with night vision which showed the scene as daylight entirely in the color of yellow. He looked up at the sky to see the moon. Then he looked down at Brianna and brought an arm around her form that stirred but kept on slumbering. He rubbed a gloved hand through her all white frizzy hair as he wrapped another arm around her. He lowered his head till his cheek was touching her head as he stared out at the moving sea that stretched far beyond the horizon ahead of him. Eric sighed as he sensed one of her hands touch his chest gently rubbing as she continued sleeping. He stared at the sky and frowned as his night vision began to blink out showing day vision of the ocean's color and a sky of multiple colors including orange back and forth. 
He reached a gloved hand to Brianna’s cheek stroking it as he spoke “Brianna, wake up love, the sun will be coming up soon.” 
Eric felt Brianna remove her head from his shoulder as he removed his hand. Brianna he felt kissed him on the cheek with her lips and then leaned her head on his as she looked towards the horizon as the sky became lighter. Eric sighed as the sun peered over the horizon shining rays illuminating the ocean and the sky with colors of sun rise. He blinked his eyes from the sun’s glare as his eyes sight changed from night vision to normal day vision entirely. He saw the sun slowly rise from peering over the horizon till it was completely above it. 
He heard Brianna speak with weariness in her voice “Eric, I’m so tired, I want to sleep, take me home please.” 
He let go of Brianna with his arms and gathered her up carrying her as she wrapped her arms around his neck, head touching his. He carried her into the ship walking a maze of hallways and stairwells till he reached the hallway where his quarters were. He carried her inside their room and gently laid her on the bed. 
Brianna he saw raised a wrinkled hand towards him and he gripped it as she spoke “Eric, I love you. I may not be with you physically but I will always be with you in your heart for if there’s life after death, I will be watching you always. Remember me after I’m gone.” 
He stared at her as she closed her eyes and he lowered her hand onto the bed. He went to the armchair and sat. Eric sat in the armchair staring at the wall with his eyes not seeing them. He looked at the bed to see Brianna, laying there asleep while lying on top of the blankets. He could hear her breathing becoming lesser and lesser as her body began to give up its life. He got up from the chair to sit on the bed next to Brianna’s side taking her old wrinkled hand with his gloved hands. Eric held the hand and listened as there was a rasping sound coming from her followed by her breathing cut off. He placed a hand on her forehead and brought his hand back to her hand gripping it in his hands. He let the tears flow as he felt a shaking vibration. He laid his form on the bed on his side and brought his arms around Brianna’s lifeless body weeping as the tears flowed from his eyes. 
He groaned out “Brianna.”
He felt the shaking vibration become harder as he lay on the bed clutching her in his arms. 
Eric felt the familiar headache followed by Merra’s voice speaking “Eric, the ship is being pulled towards the ocean where it will sink. Get out while you can.” 
He spoke “A life without Brianna is a life not worth living.” 
He heard Merra speak “Eric, I oath to you, you will have a purpose to live but not when your dead. Get out of the ship while you can.” 
Eric repeated his words as the shaking continued “A life without Brianna is a life not worth living.”
He closed his eyes as he felt the headache left him and placed his chin on the top of white haired Brianna’s head rubbing with affection. 
He felt the headache again and he spoke “Merra, I’m not leaving the ship for I don’t have a life without Brianna.” 
He heard a male voice speak in his head “What will Brianna want you to do after her death? I’m at the doorway.”
Eric opened his eyes raising his head to stare standing in the doorway was a long black haired Highlander in a uniform with a male form. 
He heard the male voice from the Highlander speak again “You oath to Brianna that you’ll live on after her death didn’t you? Will you honor that oath?”
Eric stared at the Highlander with shock on his face as the male continued mentally speaking “I know from your mind that she talked to you about living your life after she dies. Brianna made it clear to you that you were to live as you oath to her.” 
Eric turned his head away to stare at Brianna’s face who’s eyes were closed as he heard the Highlander mentally speak again in his mind “Your time with Brianna ended doesn’t mean your life is finished. There’s a new beginning with a new life. I know that you love Brianna but will you honor what she wanted?”
He raised his head to stare at the Highlander who raised a gloved hand out towards him. 
He heard the Highlander add “You can take Brianna with you. There’s a place prepared for her to rest for eternity until the day comes when you will join her. I’ll see to it that you can visit Brianna and look at her from time to time remembering the memories you had with her.”
Eric sighed as the headache went away and got up from the bed picking up Brianna’s lifeless body cradling it in his arms. He paused to look around and followed the Highlander out of the room into the hallway where lights were blinking on and off. He kept his eyes on the Highlander’s back as they walked a maze of hallways and stairwells till they reached the outer deck with a gangplank leading towards the land deck. He could see a crowd standing on the land deck and heard cheering like sounds coming from them as he followed the Highlander down the gangplank to the land deck. Once on the land deck Eric turned around to see the gangplank twist on its side before breaking in two falling into the ocean water below. He stood watching as the ship moved in a fast speed sailing past the land deck going into the horizon. 
He felt a hand on his shoulder and heard a voice he recognize belonging to a male Kenibian speaking in Basic “Today’s a black day with the loss of your home.” 
Eric looked at the Kenibian and spoke in Basic voice breaking “And the loss of Brianna, my mate, who I hold in my arms.” 
He saw the Kenibian turn his head to look at him and speak “That makes the day even blacker.”
He turned his head towards the open sea where the ship disappeared on the horizon and felt the Kenibian release his hold on his shoulder with a pat. 
Eric stared at the moving sea as he heard a male voice of a Highlander accent speak in Basic “I’m not lying when I said there’s a place prepared for Brianna. Come with me as I take you to the place where Brianna can have her rest.” 
He felt a hand on his shoulder and looked at the Highlander standing at his side and nodded his head. Eric numbly felt the Highlander let go of his shoulder and followed him through the crowd that parted forming an aisle going silent watching him. He kept his eyes onto the Highlander’s back who led him to a vehicle sitting with rumbling noises. Eric got inside following the Highlander who sat behind from him as he felt the vehicle lift up in the air flying in the sky. He allowed the tears to flow as he held Brianna in his arms and buried his face on her chest weeping loudly. He felt the vehicle hover and land with a thud then was rolling followed by a stopping motion. 
Eric felt a hand on his head and looked up with tear stained eyes at the Highlander who spoke “Follow me, we’re here.” 
Eric kept his eyes on the Highlander as he followed him out of the vehicle passing by multiple sized vehicles parked in a large garage like room. He with the Highlander reached a metal door in a wall that separated in two showing a small room liked an elevator which they both got in with the doors closing. He felt the elevator go down with a humming sound then stop and then the doors opened showing a hallway with a large metal door at the end in the wall and two large barrel shaped devices besides it showing a green shield field between them in front of the door. Eric followed the Highlander out of the elevator towards the large metal door where they reached the shield field in front of it. He watched as the Highlander took off his glove and stuck his hand in the shield field which disappeared as the door slid open showing its thickness. The Highlander put on his glove as they both entered the doorway and went inside. Eric stared at a lighted by circular lights hanging from the ceiling vast room with shock as he saw too many to count long glass rectangular boxes some with bodies in them sitting scattered in the room along with some on raised platforms. 
The Highlander spoke “A former President of Americania named Liu Jiang was said to discover this room by accident in his grief of losing his mate, Marisaki, to some medical condition that hasn't been said what it is publicity. People still to this day have been trying to find out what it is despite a female medical condition named after her. He saw this room and its contents and ordered his mate put here. The shield guarding the door he discovered has a mind of its own and would only admit a select few to rest here. The shield has accepted me once because of your loss of Brianna and would not accept me again should I come back to visit.”
Eric looked around the room with a frown and heard the Highlander speak again “It’s your choice on where you wish to put Brianna.” 
He stared at the glass coffins when something shiny caught his eyes. He looked to see the shininess was from a staff with a letter Z symbol carved on the top sitting on a raised platform feet away and in front of it was an empty coffin with a see through cover open. Eric felt his feet moving towards the platform and reached the two step stairs which he walked up towards the coffin. He kissed Brianna’s forehead and lowered her body into the coffin placing her hands together. Something shiny around her neck caught his eye and he reached with trembling hands to the gold chain necklace around her neck which he took off unclasping the metal. 
He held up the necklace and spoke “In memory of you, I’ll wear this so I won’t forget.” 
He placed the necklace around his neck held in place with a clasp and stepped back as the cover moved closing over Brianna’s body with a click sound. He stared at her form through the cover as he reached with a hand and fingered the necklace. 
With a sigh he spoke again with determination in his voice “Life won’t be the same without you but I’ll see that I won’t forget you ever. I’ll oath my life on it that I’ll remember you no matter what happens to me.”
Eric heard the Highlander speak from behind him “Eric, the shield has a price on those who put their loved ones here. The price is that the shield will make people wait seven suns before they’ll be allowed to enter again which is followed by entering as many times they like.”
He stared at Brianna’s form lying in the glass coffin and then he turned around walking down the stairs giving her backward glances as he reached the Highlander who led him towards the doorway. Once out of the room Eric looked behind him to see the door slid shut followed by the shield field appearing between the devices guarding the door. 
With a groan he went to the wall to lean on it with his hand and heard the Highlander speak “Eric, you have a life to live. Those seven suns will go by if you’re busy with something to do.”
He straightened up and turned to stare at the Highlander who gestured with a hand to follow him. He numbly followed the Highlander to the elevator which went up with a jerk. Eric jerked shutting his eyes as he felt the rages arrive and placed his fisted hands on his forehead growling loudly. He lowered his hands opening his eyes seeing nothing but whiteness and charged with fists hitting the metal wall of the elevator. He leaned his head on the wall panting as the rages left him and he unclenched his hands while feeling the elevator stop. Eric left the elevator following the Highlander down the hallway to a door where another Highlander wearing an identical uniform was standing who opened the door seeing him and the Highlander escort. 
He heard the familiar Highlander speak once he reached the doorway “These quarters are for you to stay in. Do what you want with the contents. I have business that requires me elsewhere.” 
Eric was pushed inside and heard the door close behind him. He looked around the room and saw two doors on opposite walls, one with window squares in it. He went to the door without windows in it and opened it looking inside to see a large sized bed jutting from one wall facing him flanked by two dressers with lamps on top of them. He saw there was a window in the wall on his right and a door on the opposite wall. He went to the window and pulled up the cloth covering it to see the sun was low in the sky to him from peering through tall towering buildings scattered in his eyes sight. Frowning he yanked the cloth down and went to the door opening it to stare at the contents of the room which appeared to be a bathroom from the looks of it which he closed the door and went out the bedroom to stand looking around in the quarters’ living room. Growling he yanked his gloves off and threw them onto the white floor near the wall despite the rest of the floors looking brown colored while going to grab the see through square small table that was in front of the couch and threw it at the bare wall. The table shattered breaking into multiple pieces with cracking sounds as he went around the room picking up things and throwing them at the walls as anger arrived. Eric roared charging at the room’s padded chairs and couch clawing them with his clawed hands ripping off the material and shredding the padding to pieces. He charged attacking at the room’s contents with his hands as he let the anger take control followed by the rages arriving as his eyes sight clouded up in whiteness. He blindly looked around the room and charged with his fists in front of him. His fists hit the wall which he punched repeatedly pounding as the rages left him and his eyes sight cleared up. Growling he kept punching the wall till his strength began to leave him and stopped his punching to lean his head on the wall with his hands. He shook as he allowed the tears to flow from his eyes and twisted his form till his back was on the wall. Eric slid down till he was sitting onto the floor and pulled up his legs with his face buried in his arms as he wept wet tears. He lay onto the floor curling in a ball still crying away seemingly lengthy as the light of the sun went away followed by nighttime as night vision came to his eyesight. Eric gasped shaking of crying bouts through him. He closed his eyes and allowed himself to sleep dreams mostly memories full of Brianna.

Chapter six
The sun rose shining through the windows waking Eric up. He sat up with back to the wall and rubbed his hand on his face. He got up and looked around the apartment looking at the damage. His gloves lay on the white floor alone. Frowning Eric went to the white floor and picked up his gloves putting them on. He stood looking around and heard a knock on the door to the quarters. He went to the door and opened it which a Highlander in a female form wearing a familiar blue uniform stood outside in the hallway. 
The Highlander spoke using her voice “His Majesty the Sun Lord is home in the headquarters and wants to meet you. I’m here to take you to the Sun Lord.”
Eric sighed and without a word followed the Highlander out of the hallway to the elevator which they both went inside. He groaned feeling the confines of the elevator which went down then stopped opening revealing a hallway with doors in the walls with a corner at one end. He walked out following the Highlander to around the corner where there were more doors. Standing he saw in front of one of the doors was two Highlanders in blue twin uniforms to the female. 
Reaching the door one of the Highlanders knocked on it and Eric heard a voice speak “Enter.”
The Highlander opened the door and Eric walked inside the apartment to see other Highlanders standing around a male figure in black he assumed was the Sun Lord sitting in a chair at a table. He stiffened seeing the barrel shaped black head cover mask on the figure’s head and face that showed no details and no outline of the face, the eyes or ears. 
Frowning Eric walked forward towards the Sun Lord who held up a black gloved hand and he heard a male Highlander speak while seen standing besides the ruler “Says that’s close enough.” 
He stopped and stood staring at the Sun Lord who lowered his hand to place on his lap as the Highlander spoke again “Says I heard about your loss of your home and your mate, Brianna. Your descendants are being told of your situation.” 
Eric frowned at the Sun Lord’s words and kept his mouth shut. 
The Highlander spoke as the Sun Lord pointed to a female Highlander standing besides him “Says put the breathing device on, Eric.” 
Eric looked to see the Highlander walking forward holding a device with tubes in one hand along with a thin hand sized boxy device in her other hand. He frowned as the Highlander reached him holding up two small tubes that were attached to two long large tubes that went to a thin hand sized boxy device. He sighed as he took the two small tubes and put them into his nostrils inside his nose while sensing air coming from them as he slipped part of the tubes around the back of his ears. The Highlander leaned down and clipped the box to his pants' waist as he breathed through the device with his nose. Eric groaned as his eyes sight clouded up with whiteness then abruptly went clear leaving him blinking his eyes. 
He stared at the Sun Lord as the Highlander besides the figure spoke “Says your descendants have figured out a way to help you control your rages along with clothes for you to wear protecting you from exposure of water due to a side effect of it acting like poison to you.” 
The Sun Lord he saw pointed at him as a Highlander besides him leaned behind picking up clothing from the table and walked forward carrying them. Eric stiffened seeing the clothes were exactly like the Sun Lord’s in the color black which were black socks attached to a thick suit with a collar and a jacket. 
He spoke “What’s going on? The clothes are exactly like yours, Your Majesty.” 
The Highlander spoke “Says I want you to take my place as Sun Lord.” 
He widened his eyes staring at the Sun Lord as he opened and closed his mouth of shock. Eric stared at the Sun Lord who reached up with gloved hands on the back of his head and pulled off the head cover mask lowering it to his lap. He gulped when he saw the Sun Lord’s face was Human, identical to his face looks but he had brown eyes and his short hair was completely white. 
He saw the Sun Lord move his mouth and heard a male voice speak in Basic language “Eric, I’m your descendant named Eric whose line is from your son Ricky. Your nephew Drew and niece Erica have Highlander descendants who are currently serving me. Your other sister Ionela’s descendants went towards the medical field which it was they who worked on figuring out a way for you to control your rages and make it safer for you to walk in the rain.”
The Sun Lord paused to get up from the chair which Eric saw had help from the Highlanders besides him while coughing spasms. He frowned as the Sun Lord limped towards him till he was standing inches away before placing hands on his shoulders. 
The Sun Lord continued “The position of Sun Lord was created by Teorjer advisor of the Drainer Hades before their passing to unite all of Terrania under one ruler. Hades with influence from a descendant from your daughter Cassie chose an ancestor of me who took the position which has passed from male to male in the family line related to you.”
Eric frowned as the Sun Lord paused to lower his hands from touching his shoulders before speaking again “I am old with short time left. I have daughters through a Shadonian female which have turned out to be the Shadonian species inherited from her. I have no male heir to take my place when I pass. My mate has indicated on having enough of carrying offsprings despite boring a third daughter. Your ageless state will make it easier for you to hold the position as Sun Lord freeing the rest of us to continue our lives living normally as we wish.”
He sighed as the Sun Lord again paused then added “I believe the loss of your Brianna has left you with no purpose in life to live to see the next day. You taking the position of Sun Lord will assure you of having a purpose to live.”
The Sun Lord, Eric heard stopped to cough spasms then he spoke “I’ll give you time to think about this, Eric. It’s up to you on whether you should accept or refuse.” 
Eric frowned as the Sun Lord turned and limped towards the chair before sitting down with the help of the Highlanders standing next to him. 
Eric spoke “I’ll consider your offer.” 
The Sun Lord spoke “Thank you that’s all I ask. You may leave to think this through.” 
At a Highlander’s hand gesture he turned around and followed a female Highlander out of the apartment who led him to the elevator which they both got inside. The elevator Eric felt went up and stopped at a floor which he got out following the Highlander into the hallway pass doors who led him to a door opening it. He went inside as the Highlander closed the door behind him to see the apartment’s main room was not the one he destroyed. Frowning he went to the windows to lean his head on the window staring out at the scenery outside. 
He mumbled out loud repeating the Sun Lord’s words “I believe the loss of your Brianna has left you with no purpose in life to live to see the next day. You taking the position of Sun Lord will assure you of having a purpose to live.”
Sighing Eric went to the eating table in the apartment indicating it by the table and chairs gathered around it and sat down in a chair next to the table. He frowned as he rubbed hands on his forehead and lowered his hands to his lap. He sat there staring at the apartment's closed entrance door as the sun peering through the windows behind him shined its rays into the apartment of various lengths then stopped followed by night vision arriving. Eric sat in the night hands on his lap still staring at the apartment's closed entrance door with a blank look on his face. He lowered his head to stare at his hands and sighed loudly before getting up to walk to one of the apartment’s bedrooms. Groaning he walked inside the bedroom and lay on the bed staring at the ceiling as sleep overcame him.
 
Chapter seven
Eric dreamed of walking on the land deck with Brianna in her youngness showing all black hair with smooth skin not having wrinkles on it while she was holding his hand. There was no one around along with any sound but white light surrounding them. 
He in the dream spoke “Brianna?”
Brianna, he saw looked at him with her brown eyes showing affection in them spoke “My Eric, how sad you are with no purpose in life.” 
Eric spoke “Who cares about purpose, I got you.” 
Brianna he saw frowned then she stopped to stand in front of him rubbing a hand on his cheek. 
She spoke “You have a new life with an opportunity present, take it.” 
He sighed as he stared at her and he spoke “Brianna, why should I when I have you?”
Brianna he felt placed another hand on his other cheek as his hands went to her back rubbing. 
Brianna spoke “You will always have me here in your heart but not physically. Take the opportunity for a new life, you’ll need it.” 
Eric frowned as she lowered her hands and he felt his hands off of her back as she turned and walked off the land deck that faded from view. 

Eric woke up with a gasp staring at the ceiling. With a groan he got up from the bed and went to the apartment's main room as the sun shined rays through the windows. Groaning he went to the table to sit and heard a knocking sound on the door. 
Eric spoke “Come in.”
The door opened revealing a male Highlander carrying a tray of dishware he assumed held food he saw that made his stomach rumble. The Highlander he saw brought the tray to the table and set it in front of him and stood watching him ravenously eat and drink. Once he finished with the food and drink the Highlander took the tray and went an area where there was a white floor and appeared to be putting the dishware into a familiar machine he assumed was for washing dishes as he leaned back in the chair staring at his gloved hands. 
He heard another knock on the door and spoke “Come in.” 
A male Highlander he saw walked in from opening the door speaking “The Sun Lord wants to see you about his offer in his quarters.” 
Eric got up and followed the Highlander out of the apartment to the elevator that went down and opened at the familiar hallway with doors. He frowned following the Highlander to the door to the quarters which opened by a female Highlander standing in front of it. He went inside seeing a male wearing a long white jacket of a medical doctor and blue scrub clothing with Surrai Trevor's Human appearance on his face but had brown eyes and short spiky brown hair come out of a doorway with a grim look on his expression. 
He heard a Highlander speak “Eric, go in the bedroom.” 
Eric obeyed going inside the room to see the Sun Lord lying on the bed wearing blue clothing with two Highlanders standing besides the bed. 
He kept his mouth in a frown as the Sun Lord opened his eyes and rasped seeing him “Come here, Eric.” 
He went to sit on the bed besides the Sun Lord who spoke in a raspy tone “My offer have you decided your decision?”
Eric spoke “I decided to accept.” 
The Sun Lord coughed violently then rasped “My life as Sun Lord has ended while yours has begun. See that he is taught how to handle the position.” 
Eric heard the two Highlanders standing besides the bed say in unison “We’ll see that this will be done.”
He stared at the Sun Lord who raised a wrinkled bare hand towards him which he gripped and heard him rasp out “You’ll find another to be your mate. She when she comes may not be Brianna but nevertheless she’ll be yours. Eric, I will oath to you this.” 
He stared at the Sun Lord who continued rasping “Go and assume the position as Sun Lord, Your Majesty.” 
The Sun Lord closed his eyes. He felt a hand on his shoulder and looked at the Highlander who released his shoulder to point at the door. Eric nodded his head and got up from the bed walking out as the medical doctor walked inside closing the door. 
He stood staring at the door with a frown on his face as he sensed a hand on his arm and looked at a female Highlander who spoke “Come with me, Your Majesty.” 
Eric followed the Highlander out of the apartment to the elevator which went down and opened showing a short hallway with a door at the side on his left and double doors at the end in front of him. He sighed as the Highlander walked towards the double doors opening one of them showing a large room with ten beds he counted jutting from the wall in a semi circular pattern with beeping equipment at the heads of them and some having equipment at their sides. 
The Highlander spoke “Please wait here while your personal doctor arrives to examine you.” 
He watched the Highlander leave the room with the doors banging behind her. Eric frowned as he went to a bed and sat on it feet dangling off the side with his eyes watching the doors. He didn’t have to wait long for the doors opened admitting the familiar Human male with Surrai Trevor’s appearance on his face that walked towards him. 
Eric sighed as the medical doctor spoke “The name is Trevor Kossman so lie down on the bed so I can scan you.” 
Eric stiffened at the doctor’s name and he laid down as Trevor he assumed he'll call him went to the head picking up a long arm sized device which he waved over him. 
Eric spoke “How did you get your name?”
He heard Trevor hiss loudly then the doctor looked at him and spoke “I’m one of the descendants of your sister Ionela.” 
He widen his eyes of shock as Trevor continued talking “I have a twin brother named Kurpanov who’s a doctor like I am along with a younger sister named Ionela a nurse at the hospital and a younger brother named Rick whose a high school student.” 
Eric sighed as he spoke “Oh.”
He heard another hiss from Trevor who spoke “I hate to say this but the breathing device you’re wearing has a side effect which involves you verbalizing your words.” 
He frown hearing that as Trevor continued talking “The side effect is the loss of verbalizing words after a certain time period I guess three suns will pass while wearing that breathing device. It’s not entirely permanent but only involves when wearing the breathing device for longer than normal means. Just thought I would let you know of that.” 
He spoke recalling Arielia and how she tried to communicate with her daughter Erica due to her offspring unable to verbalize words and her mother unable to receive Highlander mental talk “Are you fluent in hand language?”
He heard from Trevor “Sorry I and some of my family members didn’t take courses on hand language. That's due to trying to learn things in the medical field which took priority as emphasized by my Father who mentioned you to us and that you were still living as usual.”
Eric formed a frown on his face as Trevor looked away appearing to be staring at a monitor screen while pressing buttons with a hand and still waving the arm sized scanner over him. He heard a loud hmm from Trevor that sounded like he was shocked about something to him. 
Eric frown as Trevor put away the scanner and looked at him while speaking “Ok you can sit up now. Please take off your top I need to check something involving your arm connector.” 
He sat up and took off his top with careful maneuvering and adjusting the breathing device while keeping the tubes still in his nostrils. 
He didn’t comment as Trevor spoke “Raise your arms please.” 
Eric obeyed and saw Trevor pull out a pen device from the pocket of his jacket that had a light on the end and frowned feeling the doctor poke and prod him at the armpit areas on both sides of him. 
He spoke “Find anything suspicious, Doctor?” 
He heard from Trevor who straightened up his form stopping his poking putting away the pen device “Yah you can lower your arms now.” 
He obeyed and stared at Trevor who held up a hand in a pointing finger gesture and made an air symbol in the air while speaking “Found some kind of symbol on the areas that appears to be there since you were a child. My hand gesture is what the symbol is looking like.” 
Eric eyed Trevor’s hand that again made that air symbol to frown and spoke “It’s a letter of some kind but it’s not familiar to me. I don't remember how I got the letter onto the areas you indicate you found on me."
He heard the sound of doors banging eyed them to see a familiar male Highlander was there that came up to him sounding like saying ahem to him. 
He continued to eye the Highlander who spoke “Your Majesty, your descendant just prior to the hand over of the title Sun Lord ordered me to the job as your personal guard.”
He didn’t comment a response as the Highlander continued “I am called Jiang named in honor of a former Americanian President of Americania Liu Jiang hence me assuring you of where the name originated.” 
Eric spoke “Fine, Jiang it is.” 
He heard from Trevor “Ah Jiang you fluent in hand language since I’m not?”
He frowned as Jiang spoke “Sorry I was one of the lucky ones who didn’t need the use of hand language despite used among my kind as offspring to communicate their wants towards people. That despite the talking ability not forming till full grown so why do you ask?”
He shift to stare at Trevor looking away from him appearing to be looking at Jiang he assumed who spoke “Well there’s a side effect to the breathing device that His Majesty is wearing. It involves the shut down of his verbal voice ability making him not able to verbalize his words.”
He looked at Jiang who he saw was appearing to be looking at Trevor which the Highlander spoke “Oh”
He didn’t comment as Jiang looked in his direction and added “Your Majesty when you wish to give out commands to I simply stare at me in the face and I’ll scan your mind and will verbalize them.”
He frowned as he felt the headache of his mind scanned and heard Jiang’s mental voice sounding in his mind “Confirm do you hear me and respond mentally by telling me how you can detect your mind scanned. I prefer to keep this fact quiet. The subject of mind walkers is very well known among Terranians but its been pinpointed as various species. And that all Highlanders are mind walkers at the moment have yet to admit this. It's due to feelings that it’ll outcast my species from carefully worded questions towards other species who have given out that view in answer to the questions.” 
Eric mentally spoke “I hear you Jiang loud and clear. The mind detecting thing I do have is from feeling a certain head pain I dub headache. Yes I’ve had this detecting thing for awhile now.” 
He eyed Jiang who looked away and heard him speaking “Doctor, I was checking to see about His Majesty’s abilities to detect his mind scanned along with receiving mental talk and seeing about being able to hear him when he mental chats back to the mind scanner.” 
He spoke while shifting eyes towards Trevor “What do you know of mind walkers anyway?”
He heard from Trevor who looked at him “Ah the information is not well detailed and it’s been pinpointed towards various species. Except I’m told that some of your guards including Jiang has the ability to do that and I admit I do have an ability to detect my mind scanned hence me put in this position.”
He frowned as he heard from Jiang mentally “The doctor is aware of the issue of all Highlanders being mind walkers and has been coached to give out this excuse towards people when asked about mind walkers so don’t ask him about that again please.” 
He spoke verbalizing his words “Doctor how’s my descendant doing anyway? It appears he’s not doing well medically.” 
He frowned as Trevor spoke “That reminds me I need to go check on him with the scanner I didn’t bring along with me when ordered to his quarters. Excuse me about this while I go check and will tell you the results.” 
He watched as Trevor went to the equipment at the foot of the bed and picked up the familiar arm sized scanner and left the room which he heard ahem sounding from Jiang. Eric looked at Jiang who pointed a finger at his own chest and then jabbed it in his direction. He exhaled a breath realizing he was indicating his shirtless status put on his shirt and left the breathing device tubes inside his clothes while hooking it to his underwear shorts underneath his pants. He got up without a comment to hear the doors to the room bang open showing a female Highlander walking into the room that paused to stop and appeared to be staring at Jiang. 
Eric frowned as he went to Jiang who looked at him and spoke verbalizing his words “A lesson you need to learn, Your Majesty so shake hands with the guard.” 
He went to the female and reached out his hand as she grabbed it and gripped it and next thing he knew he found her behind him with his arm twisted behind on his back in some tight hold along with her arm around his neck. 
He spoke while feeling her arm hold not gagging him “Don’t tell me people have been pulling this stunt onto people when hand shaking is attempted.” 
He heard from Jiang as he was released abruptly “Actually no hand shaking is a policy the first Sun Lord has taken up copying a ruler doing that policy which has been passed down towards males holding the Sun Lord position. The first Sun Lord has given reasons of people would try to do what the guard did when they grab a hold on his hand to immobilize him enough to allow others to take him down. His other reason is he’s given is that people would grab his hand and with their other hand inject poison into him via needle dart into his arm or hand.” 
Eric frowned but looked at Jiang who added “Another lesson Your Majesty is to copy what the guard did to you so see if you can do it. It’ll be a handy lesson towards people who are very insistent on shaking your hand.”
He recalled the moves shrugged in response as he looked at the female Highlander having her hand out which he copied her moves getting her arm behind her back and an arm around her neck in a quick move. 
He spoke “Now what do I do next besides this?”
He heard from Jiang “Usually that involves gagging the person with the arm and raising their arm up a bit that is behind their back till they scream out in pain and voice out their surrender. You don’t need to do that to the guard Your Majesty. Just remember what I told you so release her.”
He obeyed to see the female Highlander rubbing her arm where it was gripped behind her back which he looked at Jiang. He heard the sound of doors banging open turned to look to see a male Highlander with a frown on his face that appeared to be staring at Jiang from the looks of it. He frown shifting eyes towards the male Highlander and Jiang while noticing the female had left the room. 
Eric heard from Jiang as he looked at him “Argh the doctor says that your descendant will die from scans of him and requests your presence to be there for the passing if you don’t mind.” 
He spoke recalling Brianna’s passing fully in his mind and didn’t feel any mental hurt from the thoughts “I don’t mind. I’ll be there so take me to there please.” 
He heard from Jiang “Ah Your Majesty the use of the word please when giving out orders is unnecessary. We guards are ordered to just do your orders without question whether we agree with them or not for we’ll do it period.”
He spoke “Oh well just take me to my descendant.”
He heard from Jiang “Follow me.” 
Eric obeyed following Jiang out of medical bay to the familiar hallway and found himself led to the elevator with the doors open holding three Highlanders inside which he went inside following the Highlander. He grimaced inwardly from the confines of the elevator as he felt it go up. He willed himself to get used to being in the elevator due to figuring out it was his mode of travel around in the Sun Lord’s headquarters. He figured that the guards would put him off his order of using the stairs. He felt the elevator stopped and followed Jiang out to a familiar hallway that led him to a door where there was a Highlander guard standing in front of it that opened the door seeing him and the male. 
Eric went inside following Jiang who stopped and spoke pointing a finger at a bedroom door “He’s inside with the doctor as indicated by the guard telling me.” 
He didn’t comment a response went to the bedroom door knocking on it. 
He heard a faint “Come in.” 
Eric opened the door and went inside shutting it behind him to spot the Sun Lord lying on the bed with eyes shut and Trevor standing nearby off the male’s left side while waving a scanner device in his hand towards the male. He stood in the bedroom staring at the Sun Lord lying asleep breathing becoming slower from the sounds of him. He saw Trevor standing next to the bed with a grim look on his face and figured that the Sun Lord was slowly giving up his life to death. Eric turned his attention back to the Sun Lord and went to the bed sitting next to him while taking one of the male’s hands in a handheld grip. 
He heard Trevor speak “I’m sorry to say but it won’t be long now before he slips away surrendering to death.” 
Eric nodded his head and listened as the Sun Lord’s breathing became slower followed by the familiar rasping sound along with his breathing cut off. He turned his attention to Trevor who pulled out a small hand held device from his pocket and waved it over the Sun Lord. 
He exhaled air as Trevor spoke “He has surrendered to death. I’ll see that his body is cremated and ashes scattered like he wanted.”
Eric released his hold on the Sun Lord’s hand and he got up from the bed and left the room to face Jiang standing there looking at him. 
He exhaled air as he heard Trevor’s voice from behind him “The Sun Lord has passed. Please get the coroner to attend to the body for cremating and ashes scattered like he wanted.” 
He saw Jiang nod his head and watched as the Highlander turned his head towards another guard standing in front of the door to the quarters that nodded his head and left the apartment. 
Eric frowned as Trevor added “There’s nothing much you can do here Your Majesty so I recommended that you go to your quarters and get some sleep. You’ll be put in rigorous training involving the Sun Lord position by Jiang. That's due to being told of this by my Father who once held the doctor position and saw the transition of Sun Lords.” 
He exhaled a breath to hear from Jiang “Follow me Your Majesty. I know where your quarters are for you’re to stay in for holding the position.” 
He hesitated only to hear from Trevor “Eric its common practice here in Americania when people pass away to have their bodies cremated and ashes scattered over a selected nature setting. There’s select few who have issued their bodies to be preserved for medical reasons. There’s others who once held important positions in Americania to have their bodies intact when their deposed sometimes for medical reasons when their deaths call for that and sometimes for memorials of honoring them for them doing things historic for Americania. I thought I would let you know of it.” 
He didn’t comment in response eyed Trevor which he gave a head bob then looked towards Jiang who spoke “Follow me.” 
He obeyed following Jiang out of the quarters to the elevator and once inside frowned feeling himself not sad from the Sun Lord’s passing away status in front of him as the thing moved to its destination. He felt the elevator stop and followed Jiang down a hallway to a door having two male Highlanders in front of it which one opened the door seeing the both of them arriving. He went inside following Jiang and heard the door shut behind him. 
Eric frowned as Jiang turned to look at him followed by speaking “One of my duties as your personal guard involves waking you up in the morning when its time for you to wake up. Also you have twin personal guards who guard you while you’re sleeping as in standing inside the quarters in front of the entrance’s door. That is not my job when you’re sleeping. My job when you’re sleeping is to get nourishment for myself and sleep rest along with attending to my personal needs. Other duties involving being your personal guard is to be your voice while you're out and about among the public as the Sun Lord including in people's presences for hiding your identity from them. This includes seeing that your kept safe from harm as well which this safety issue is shared among the other guards who escort you from time to time.” 
He made a motion to sigh and frowned hearing himself not doing it figured that the breathing device was beginning to cut off his voice ability. 
He spoke finding his voice still there “I get it your words Jiang.” 
He heard from Jiang “You’ll find the proper clothing for sleepwear inside one of the bedroom’s clothes holder.”
He frowned as Jiang added describing the clothes holder which he figured was a dresser spoke “I get it what you’re talking about.”
He heard “I suggest you go get some rest like what the doctor ordered Your Majesty."
He exhaled a breath hearing that and without a word went to a bedroom door picking the one without the windows in its door and opened it going inside shutting the door softly behind him. He examined the room with his eyes to find three dressers in it with the bed having them flank it on both sides of it with lamps on top of them. He examined the third dresser next to the door to the bedroom’s entrance seeing it held four drawers and was tall yanking open the drawers to find clothes similar to the Sun Lord’s uniform inside it along with folded materials he figured from the looks of it were blankets. Eric once done examining the dresser went to the dresser next to the bed with the bed off his right side facing the bed which he peered in the drawers seeing it held three drawers. He found pajama pants inside the first drawer which he put onto the bed and examined the folded cloth he found next to the pants. He lifted the cloth out of the drawer to examined it unfolding it and discovered from the looks of it that it was a robe which he folded up and placed back into the drawer figuring it was useless for him to wear due to not feeling inclined to wear it. Eric examined the rest of the dresser’s drawers to find the middle one empty and the bottom one holding black cloth that he figured was the Sun Lord’s uniform along with shoes he figured was the titled position’s footwear. He exhaled a breath and began taking off his clothes putting them into the empty drawer with careful maneuvering while keeping the breathing device on and placed on top of the dresser. He frowned as he examined his gloved hands and figured he’ll keep them on when sleeping and felt inclined to keep them on which he obeyed to the feeling. Eric leaned towards the bed grabbing the pajama pants feeling them stretchable and smooth to the touch as he put on his naked form covering his legs and sensitive part that the waist area clinging to him stopped a two horizontal finger widens from his naval. He frowned feeling himself not protesting to wearing the pants grabbed the breathing device with a hand and eyed the lamps seeing that they were on. He went to the one opposite from him going around the bed and examined it seeing it didn’t have a jarred pole push button but spotted an indentation in the lamp’s thick pole which he pressed a finger on it and discovered the thing turning itself off. He exhaled a breath and went around the bed to the other lamp and shut it off seeing with night vision in his eyesight which he went to the window. He saw the window covered by some cloth he figuring it was a shade lifted up the stiff material to peer outside and saw the Atlanta city’s buildings some appearing to block his view of the city and figured that the city was vast in size. 
He thought to himself “I’ll see about asking about Atlanta the city and its functions once I have the opportunity to do it. I really should know about Atlanta since I live there as Sun Lord. It’ll be best to know of it along with the nation of Americania and the other nations as well.”
He exhaled a breath through his mouth and felt himself feeling himself needing to sleep but not sleepy lowered the window shade covering the window then went to the bed yanking back a blanket with his hand to find another one in its spot which he yanked back and found a third. He exhaled a breath as he found the bed after yanking back the third blanket and got inside putting the breathing device between the pillows and yanked the blankets on top of him up to his chest. He frowned as he felt himself too warm yanked off a blanket off to his side and again felt the warmth yanked off the second blanket and felt himself fine with the remaining blanket. He rolled over onto his right side adjusting the blanket to cover himself up to his shoulder and shut his eyes only to open them as a feeling of sadness hit him making his eyes water of tears. Eric cried mentally forcing himself to not make a sound till the tears stopped which he wiped his eyes with the blanket and shut his eyes feeling like needing to sleep and dreamed of a male version of himself looking young while wearing the Sun Lord’s clothes but appearing to be Human without his clawed hands due to them bared while standing on the land deck. 
He frowned as himself spoke sounding familiar “My predecessor like others who originated the Sun Lord position oath to a predecessor who passed down the oath to me that the position of holding the Sun Lord title was only temporary due to saying that you would hold it once you were ready to leave the water ship.”
He stiffened with shock to realize himself was the Sun Lord his descendant who passed away in front of him as the male continued talking “I oath to you that you will have a mate when the time arrives which I put things in motion to assure of that oath coming true.”
He found himself speechless stared at the Sun Lord who laid a hand on his shoulder and added “Don’t worry Eric, the female will get it your feelings towards Brianna and your grief of losing her enough to keep her distance from you and allow you to grieve for the loss till your ready to accept her as yours.”
Eric frowned as the Sun Lord removed his hand with a pat on his shoulder and turned around walking away from him which he watched him walk off the land deck form fading from view instead of dropping and then darkness arrived which he passed out unconscious. 

Chapter eight
Eric came to hearing a male voice sounding familiar in his mind speaking “Your Majesty, its morning and time to get up and start your day.” 
He jerked open his eyes and rolled over to find Jiang at the door partially open peering at him which he again heard from the Highlander “You’ll find your nourishment on the table ready for you to eat.” 
He didn’t comment a response as Jiang shut the door which he grabbed the breathing device and got up from the bed going to the dresser to remove the pajama pants putting them in a drawer. He frowned eyeing his water ship's clothing in the drawer he opened and pulled out his underwear shorts putting them on and hooked the breathing device to it. He shut the drawer figuring that he’ll wear the Sun Lord clothes. Eric opened the bottom drawer to find the clothes were there waiting for him to put on. He put on the clothes consisted of attached socks to pants attached to a long sleeve top with a round thick collar with a zipper in the back leading to the collar he zipped up with no trouble while feeling them snug to his form but thought it was normal for them to be like that. He frowned finding the jacket with some shiny black edging didn’t come with attached gloves to the long sleeves exhaled a breath and kept his own gloves on while again feeling the snugness from the jacket. He pulled out the boots he figured he'll call the shoe wear finding that they seemed to include shoelaces to tie and barely came up to his ankles and felt flimsy to him on his feet. 
He mentally thought “I better ask Jiang about getting better clothes and shoes for the title. That includes something to protect me from the rains when I’m out traveling among the public.” 
He got up once done with the boots and rubbed a hand on his forehead which he exhaled a breath and went to the bedroom door swinging it open. He walked out to hear groaning noises appearing to be from Jiang who had a gloved hand covering his eyes. He frowned at that gesture as he went to the table and sat eyeing the food finding it different from what he normally ate while in the water ship. He examined the food finding it was the same he ate while in the Sun Lord’s headquarters just prior to taking the title. He with careful maneuvering got himself to use the utensils focus in his left hand finding it natural to use it and began eating the food which he felt himself terribly hungry gobbled it up in quick bites. He once done eye the drink to see it was in a clear cup in the color of brown picked it up and brought it to his lips gulping it down after finding it taste good to him despite feeling it wasn’t what he normally drank while on the water ship. He once done lean back and stared at Jiang which he opened his mouth to speak and stiffened as no sound came out and shut his mouth to continue staring at the Highlander who still had a hand covering his eyes. Eric frowned as Jiang jerked his hand from his eyes and stared back at him with some look of disapproval in his eyes while feeling his mind scanned.
Eric mentally spoke “I lost my voice and couldn’t get your attention by verbalizing that. Anyway don’t you have anything better for me to wear as Sun Lord? These clothes and boots won’t do despite me wearing them. I do hope you have something to protect me from water due to that it’ll kill me like poison and it doesn’t matter if it’s injected by needle dart, touched by skin or drunken through mouth.” 
He frowned as he heard from Jiang mentally “Excuse my reaction towards you wearing the clothes. They don’t appear to fit you properly and are flaunting your body’s details too well. It's enough to make people assume that it’s a Human wearing them when the mask is on covering the head.”
He looked down at himself and realized the snugness feeling to figure that Jiang wasn’t kidding about that body flaunting by the clothes. He looked up hearing the door to the room open and closed to see Trevor come into the room looking annoyed by the expression on his face seeing him. 
Eric got up from the chair and heard Jiang speak “You see what the problem is, doctor as indicated. Plus His Majesty has admitted to not able to talk as seen by the guards attempting to speak.” 
He folded his arms feeling the snugness become tight as he stared at Trevor who he noticed had his familiar arm sized scanner in his hand. 
He frowned as Trevor spoke “Why are you alerting me now after two suns without a word?”
Eric frowned forming it on his lips as Jiang spoke “His Majesty was out asleep for two suns straight resisting my attempts to wake him up by mind scanning him. It was figured he hadn’t slept since he left the water ship. It was assumed that he was reacting badly from the loss of his mate hence he allowed to sleep longer than normal means.”
He exhaled a breath hearing Jiang’s words as Trevor spoke “Well my brother with help from others has managed to perfect the material for His Majesty to wear protecting him from water but needs his size and measurements to make them properly fit on him and hide his species form in the process.”
He exhaled a breath as Jiang he heard spoke “You do or you don’t have anything on you to measure him for sizes?”
He continued to eye Trevor who looked at him and spoke appearing to ignore Jiang’s question “Your Majesty would you mind exchanging clothes back to the ones you were previously wearing from the water ship? I need to see again how they look on you and figure out if they match the size you should wear for the title.”
He heard Jiang chime in agreement which he obeyed going into the bedroom and with a great deal of effort yanked off the clothes and boots off of him leaving his underwear shorts and gloves on. He yanked out the water ship clothes from the dresser then placed on his socks and sweats then held his white shoes in his hand and left the bedroom. Eric stood and stared at Trevor who appeared to scrutinize him. 
He gave Jiang a glare that scanned his mind and he mentally spoke “I hope you have something better for me to wear for my feet. Those shoes I wore with the titled clothes were not up to my standards when it comes to footwear.”
Eric heard Jiang speak as the Highlander looked away “His Majesty requests better shoes for his feet. He says that the shoes he wore with the clothes weren’t up to his standards when it comes to footwear.” 
He shifted to stare at Trevor who spoke “That’s fine with me due to that the shoes weren’t waterproof anyway. I’ll see about getting word to my brother to fix something for his feet. Anyway I need you in Medical Bay for testing you on you losing your voice ability. Just need to make sure that the breathing device is only affecting your voice and no where else despite doing its purposed job.”
He glared at Jiang in response that looked at him and he again felt the mind scanned “You forgot to tell me how my water ship clothes look on my form so spill it now.” 
He dropped his shoes as Jiang verbalized his words saying the words His Majesty says before echoing him. 
Eric looked at Trevor who stared at him looking him up and down before speaking loudly “Appears the clothes are the right size for you to wear due to that I don’t see any of your body’s details flaunted very well. I request that you exchange them back to the Sun Lord clothes so I can get them to my brother along with the shoes you wore with them so he’ll get your feet size to make the proper footwear. I warn you it’ll take time for that to happen due to that my brother has to do this secretly and use discreet ways of getting them made and into your hands.” 
Eric exhaled a breath through his mouth as he heard from Jiang verbalizing “Argh I just remembered that the titled clothes we have are all the same size. I believe we’ll have to make up an excuse to the public on why the Sun Lord isn’t showing himself as expected by the people. Hmm this won’t go well with the Shadonia due to that they can detect lies and will point it out and get people quite annoyed enough to demand for the Sun Lord’s presence.” 
He threw up his hands in disgust as Trevor was heard spoke “Just don’t give an excuse anyway. Just say to the public when they demand for him that the Sun Lord himself decides on when to show himself to them period.”
He heard a fine comment from Jiang along with “Oh dear what about the gloves His Majesty is wearing due to protecting people from getting accidentally scratched from his poison he gives off?”
He frowned as Trevor he eyed gave up a groaning noise while looking down at the floor before resuming looking up at him while speaking “Eric I’m afraid you’ll have to go gloveless for awhile so my brother can make gloves for you. I warn you they maybe made attached to the jacket’s sleeves while having to take off the sleeves and part of the jacket to get your hands bare.”
He shifted to stare at Jiang and felt his mind scanned which he spoke hearing the Highlander verbalizing the words “Fine I accept this but I want my gloves back once your brother is done with them. I prefer to wear them when I’m not wearing the Sun Lord clothes and I won’t accept any replacements period.” 
He looked at Trevor and gave the doctor a glare who spoke “Anyway I get it what you mean so exchange your clothes now so I can get a courier to get them to my brother. The soonest he has them the quicker he can make the clothes and shoes and less time we can make the public wait for an appearance. I warn you that it’s well known among the public who came up with that idea that when the Sun Lord balks a requested appearance it means that he’s furious with something and this balking has happened before but usually lasting a traditional three suns before showing himself. Also any longer than that and the public will assume he’s sick with a medical ailment which this thought has happened before. This sickness thought will be going around the city the next sun due to that the three suns has already passed.”
Eric without a comment went into the bedroom shutting the door which he stripped himself of his clothes leaving his underwear shorts on his form and then grabbed the Sun Lord clothes putting them on along with the flimsy boots. He folded his water ship clothes and placed the gloves and socks with regret on top of them and carried them out of the room one handed while manipulating the door to the bedroom. 
He frowned as Jiang seeing him spoke “Hand them to him.” 
He saw Jiang point a finger at a male Highlander wearing odd clothing who had an object in his hand that made him recall it was a backpack which he obeyed and found the Highlander putting them into the backpack along with zipping it shut. 
Eric recalling something shot out his hand onto the Highlander’s shoulder that stiffened from the touch which he looked at Jiang and mentally spoke “Does he have my shoes?”
He heard from Jiang verbalizing “He has your shoes so let him go now.” 
He obeyed to watch the Highlander leave the room slinging the backpack onto his back to hear from Trevor sounding off his left “Ah there’s an issue of a medical exam required involving you losing your ability to talk which must be done now.” 
Eric exhaled a breath and pointed a finger at the door which he saw Jiang come into view and followed the Highlander out of the quarters sensing Trevor taking up the rear which the group entered the hallway and took the elevator to the Medical Bay’s floor. He once inside the Medical Bay sat on a bed feeling the clothes become tight from that and eyed Trevor who waved the scanner over his form before putting it away. 
Eric continued to eye Trevor who picked up a small pen like device with a thick tube jutting from it towards the equipment at the foot of the bed and spoke “Open your mouth and don’t resist while I stick this into you towards your throat.” 
He obeyed and frowned inwardly as Trevor stuck the device into his mouth and continued to push it down his throat till he heard a loud beep sound and felt the movements stopped while feeling a faint choking sensation. 
Eric heard from Trevor “Don’t pull this out until I say so and keep your form still so excuse me I have to go to the scanner monitor to see what the results say.” 
He kept his form still with hands clasped together and eyed Trevor out of the corners of his eyes as the doctor went to the foot of the bed and felt a vibration from within his throat that made him confused. He continued to feel the vibration kept himself still as Trevor he eyed appeared to be pressing buttons on the equipment along with giving out loud hmm sounds repeatedly. He felt the vibration stop as Trevor walked into his sight in full view and gently took out the device from within him which he felt relieved to have it out of him. 
Jiang he heard spoke “The test results doctor?”
He eyed Trevor who took the device and hooked it back to the equipment before speaking while looking at him “The test results prove what I thought involving the breathing device Your Majesty is wearing. It has affected only your voice ability organ making you unable to verbalize your words but from tests it has indicated on stopping the medical ailment you have seemed to hate having.”
Eric exhaled a breath through his mouth then inhaled through the breathing device feeling himself relieved from hearing Trevor’s words due to recalling himself not having a rage episode since he first started wearing the breathing device. 
He looked at Jiang who looked at him and he mentally spoke while feeling the familiar head pain “Fine I accept that I can no longer talk my words and have accepted that price tag. Its no concern to me anyway due to that I suffered too much without an end to that medical ailment and nothing before the breathing device seemed to help stop it permanently.” 
He heard Jiang repeat his words again using the word His Majesty says followed by looking away towards Trevor who was looking at the male and him back as the Highlander spoke his words. 
He eyed Trevor who spoke while looking at him “Alright I figured out on what you’re talking about due to some passed down story coming from Ionela mentioning her life with you and others talking to her about their life with you as well.”
He felt himself stiffening abruptly as Trevor added “Nothing much can be done here so you can go Your Majesty but warn you I will without a moment’s notice will be testing you and it doesn’t matter if it involves Medical Bay or not.” 
He didn’t without a look at Jiang got up from the bed and walked out of the Medical Bay to pause in the hallway leaning a hand on the wall while bending down mouth breathing abruptly and felt a hand on his shoulder which he looked to see Jiang there and Trevor nearby frowning as he mouthed breathed. He felt his knees weak abruptly fell into kneeling position while spotting Trevor waving his familiar arm sized scanner and stiffened as his eyes clouded up with whiteness along with feeling the angry feeling of his rages hitting him as he continued to mouth breathe. 
He heard a loud gasp sound that sounded Highlander like along with Jiang’s voice speaking sounding shocked “Doctor his eyes have changed.”
Eric continued to mouth breathe while seeing nothing but whiteness in his eyesight as he heard Trevor’s voice speaking “Argh just what the Eli was indicating and trying to tell me due to me feeling confused with the results. Jiang help him close his mouth and make him breathe through his nose now.” 
Eric felt cloth cover his mouth along with forced to nose breathe through the tubes in them which he felt his angry feeling leaving him along with the whiteness going away leaving his eyesight clear. He saw that Jiang had his hat covering his mouth who removed it to place it on top of his head along with helping him to a standing position which he didn’t protest to that. 
He stared at Trevor feeling himself confused as the doctor spoke while looking at him “The results indicate that your medical ailment doesn’t surface when you use the breathing device for breathing but it’ll come out when your mouth breathing so refrain from doing that and you won’t have to suffer from that.” 
He exhaled a breath hearing Jiang’s voice speaking “Doctor, admit it that the medical ailment is nothing but great rages of anger that makes him lash out hurting people and it doesn’t matter who they are.” 
He stiffened hearing Jiang’s words as Trevor he eyed spoke “Your Majesty? I need your permission to answer Jiang. I have a doctor patient confidentially oath every medical personal has sworn to that oath and needs patient’s permission to talk to others not family about it.” 
He looked at Jiang and felt his mind scanned and spoke words verbalized by the Highlander “Yes Jiang on what you said towards the doctor on my medical ailment. Except they make me become blind to seeing things as in seeing nothing but people who have the fear emotion as one color without any details seen which makes me lash out without warning. I also am aware that my eyes change states when I have that rage episode in control. Someone told me that when I’m in my angry state that I hate people with fear emotion hence me lashing out. Also I was told that a mind walker scanning my mind would stop the rage episode which has proven to be true. I noticed that when I had it and tried to hurt my female Brianna I would suffer pain from whenever I touched her in a threatening way.”
He paused to look at Trevor who didn’t appear to look surprised to his admission as he heard from Jiang “Ah I admit it having a family predecessor who had a connection to a guard belonging to the nation of Oceana while living in Americania who passed down very clear details involving encounters with His Majesty back then in Oceana's Ambassadorial headquarters in Atlanta.” 
He stiffened hearing that admission from Jiang as Trevor he eyed spoke “Yah I know what the encounters are due to that several people connected to Oceana whether their guards or not have told family predecessors their encounters with His Majesty and that their very clearly detailed. Anyway nothing more can be done for His Majesty medically. Except he needs to be schooled on how to act when wearing head covering. I already took the liberty of getting His Majesty’s head measured by the internal scanner and have already transmitted the measurements to my brother who’ll make the head cover first as quickly as possible for him to get used to wearing it.” 
He exhaled a breath through his mouth and eyed Jiang out of the corners of his eyes to see the Highlander looking at Trevor which his guard spoke “Argh should have realized that when the clothes appeared too small for His Majesty that the head cover mask his predecessor wore would be too small for him to wear or get on covering his head.”
He shifted to look at Trevor who spoke “I figured out the same thing as well hence me doing that test in an attempt to get his head measured while medically scanning him for his loss of voice ability. So get on with those lessons Jiang.” 
He watched as Trevor left the hallway going into Medical Bay with the doors slamming behind the doctor while hearing ahem from Jiang. 
He looked at Jiang who mentally spoke sounding in his mind “I took the liberty of asking the guards to keep the elevator doors shut giving us privacy for a bit. I warn you that as your personal guard I am wearing a radio device that is transmitting my spoken words when I have it on which are what all guards have on them. I also like the guards have a device in one of my ears for the guards to contact me when they want to talk to me about something and I doing the same.”
Eric frowned hearing that as Jiang continued talking “A predecessor of your titled position when he gave out his orders preferred it through Highlander version of word of mouth. That's due to claims that our radio devices could be transmitted elsewhere. That includes claims that people who didn’t agree with his orders while eavesdropping could do sabotage to him. He passed this attitude down this to his successor who wasn’t his offspring but an offspring of a family member due to not having any males to carry on the position which has happened already.”
He frowned as Jiang became silent which he mentally spoke “Explain the history of the too many multiple predecessors holding the position who were they actually?”
He got from Jiang mentally “Actually there were four Sun Lords before you counting the one who passed away. The first one a Human male a descendant of yours named Eric didn’t hold the position very long before a medical ailment that was easily fixed killed him due to not having a personal doctor. A descendant of your sister Ionela was put into the doctor position with manipulating to their minds to help them detect their minds scanned which this manipulating has been happening to Ionela’s descendants repeatedly while their in the medical field with hopes that they would take the doctor position once the time arrives. As for the first Sun Lord he had a male offspring who took the position but he didn’t father any males instead fathered triplet females before his mate had a medical ailment that prevent her from having more offspring. A male descendant of yours dubbed the name Eric due to how his facial appearance was claimed to be twin to your face was found. He was given the position who seemed to have some odd quirks and ideas on furthering his life as Sun Lord put them in action. It was him who thought this paranoid thinking about our radio devices which he passed down to a male family member your predecessor. Your predecessor in question shared his predecessor’s view but fathered only three female Shadonian offspring at separate times till his female a reported Shadonian got fed up with the carrying and told him off that she wasn’t going to have more offspring period. Oh your predecessor wound up the longest to hold the Sun Lord title. He had some won’t go away thought that you would leave the water ship and take the position in his place. He kept putting off our attempts to find a male replacement to hold the position despite his terrible health due to his thinking.”
Eric frowned hearing Jiang’s words as Jiang spoke out loud verbalizing his words “Everything is fine now I was just giving background to His Majesty on the position at his asking. Yes we’re going to his quarters so open the elevator doors.” 
He heard them open behind him and heard nothing from Jiang which he walked inside sensing the Highlander following him and felt the thing move going to his quarters’ floor he assumed which he saw his hunch correct. He followed Jiang out to his quarters and once inside went to the couch to sit and spied on the wall flat screened rectangular TV monitors about six of them which he saw five were small sized surrounding a large oversized rectangular monitor on the wall. 
He eyed it and then looked for Jiang to find the Highlander off his right standing next to the couch which he mentally spoke while staring at the male feeling his mind scanned “How do you turn the TV monitors on anyway?”
He got handed a device from Jiang picking it up from the small see through square table in front of the couch. He got instructed on how to use the device dubbed a remote to turn on the TV monitors along with getting them to flash various scenes on the biggest TV from smaller monitors and how to get the scene to focus on a subject he wanted to view. He obeyed and turned on the TVs using the remote control clicking through various scenes showing life in the city along with life in some of the buildings he had to ask Jiang what they were doing. He got told various answers such as of directing traffic when he noticed a uniformed Highlander standing in the middle of the road waving his white gloved hands towards vehicles that were lumbering on the streets seeing some stop for the traffic cop’s gesture and some move at his gesture while keeping on doing it. He got told of a high school due to seeing people looking young to him almost adults seated in desks. He was told while students were seen staring at an adult female an Akylah writing on the board and the students raising their hands before lowering them and one of them appearing to be talking which the scene happened repeatedly over and over. 
Eric continued to pester Jiang questions about what he was seeing till the Highlander spoke loudly “It's nighttime now. You should be going to bed and sleeping.” 
He saw the Highlander point in a direction and looked to see windows showing darkness behind them and without a protest turned off the TV monitors with his remote and got up going into his bedroom shutting the door behind him. He exhaled a breath feeling the clothes felt confining to him stripped himself of them and put them away messy like in the dresser’s drawer then put on his pajama pants hooking the breathing device to it then glared at the lamp opposite from him. 
He mentally thought “Argh I better tell the guards to keep that lamp shut off due to that I don’t need it anyway.” 
He went around the bed to the lamp shutting it off and then eyed the bed to see it still was made with a blanket covering it. Eric frowned recalling himself leaving it unmade after getting up in the morning which he figured a guard made it for him. He yanked the blanket and exhaled a breath finding some thin blanket in its place. He yanked off and found the bed appeared to be having some covering from the looks of it along with pillows covered in cloth. He rubbed a hand on his forehead and then lowered the hand to stare at it finding it bare and frowned feeling himself missing his gloves. 
He mentally thought to himself “Do hope Trevor’s brother hurries with the clothes making for I miss my gloves. I think it’ll be nice to wear clothes that aren’t too confining to me anyway their beginning to not be comfortable.”
He exhaled a breath and got into the bed then rolled over to the lighted lamp’s side and reached towards the lamp turning it off plunging the room into darkness with night vision in his eyesight which he laid on his back staring at the ceiling. 
He felt his mind scanned by the headache and heard “Eric, I warn you that you’ll have a female as your mate due to knowing how Terrania the planet functions which will soon insists on you having a female period.” 
He exhaled a breath recognizing the voice of Merra mentally spoke while feeling his mind still scanned “No one can replace Brianna and I don’t give a care on what the planet thinks. I’m not having another female period. I want Brianna only and I’ll do what it takes to have her back in my life. I don’t care anymore.” 
He heard from Merra as he became silent “Just wish you had told your predecessor your thoughts because he was detected thinking the opposite of what you were thinking regarding Brianna.”
He rolled over onto his right side and mentally spoke “You want to tell me what he was really thinking regarding this oath of his saying I would have a mate?”
He heard in response “Ah sorry Eric but your descendant was thinking that you were pining to have a mate hence he saying his oath. Nothing I can do about that thought of his since he passed away. Oh I must warn you that once Terrania decides on something her mind is made up period. Just be warned that you’ll be given a mate and that others will be very insisting on you to accept her.”
He felt Merra leave his mind before he could comment a remark which he thought to himself “I don’t think so, Merra.” 
He shut his eyes and passed out unconscious only to come to hearing Jiang’s voice sounding in his mind “Its time for you to get up for its morning.” 
He jerked open his eyes and glared at Jiang peering from the open door who shut it closed seeing him up awake. He rolled onto his back and rubbed hands on his forehead along with running them through his hair yanking at it feeling his mood foul. 
He mentally thought “Drat that Merra for ruining things around here Argh.”
He got up and stripped himself of the pajama pants dumping them into the drawer and eyed the Sun Lord clothes with distaste running through him after putting on his underwear shorts clipping the breathing device on and opening the drawer holding them. Eric yanked the clothes out and put them on finding that they were still confining as ever along with the shoes feeling flimsy and not what he had in mind to wear on his feet. He stomped out of the bedroom slamming the door open and went to the dining table which he ate his food feeling himself hungry along with gulping down the drink. 
He once done got up to hear from Jiang “Ah one thing Your Majesty. Here put this on.”
He gave the Highlander a glare to see he held a piece of cloth in his hand which he took and discovered it was the barrel shaped mask. He got instructed by the Highlander on how to put it on and off which he obeyed feeling himself fine wearing it despite easily slipped over his head. He wearing the mask folded his arms and stared at Jiang lengthy finding the material that focused around his eyes were see through who gave up an hmm sound while appearing to scrutinizing him before scanning his mind. 
He mentally spoke “Well the mask? Plus should I bother making an appearance at some place where people won’t look at me closely due to them begging the Sun Lord to show himself?”
He heard from Jiang mentally “Ah the mask covers your head fine without any problems of showing details. I would advise against showing yourself due to that there’s species called Akylah that are known for an ability to see things way too far for any of the species can see and they’ll notice your clothing problem too clearly. Also Akylahs aren’t known for keeping secrets but known for being too blabby on various things. Their also known for spreading rumors around here on various things including about you as well even if their true or not.” 
He mentally spoke as Jiang became silent recalling Brianna “I want to see Brianna now.” 
He heard from Jiang “Sorry Your Majesty the seventh sun enforced by the shield hasn’t passed yet. You have today and twin suns to go before the shield will let you inside the room to view her.”
He felt anger mentally roared “I want to see Brianna!”
He heard from Jiang “The seventh sun-“
Eric interrupted mentally while unfolding his arms “Now! I want to see her now! Who cares about the seventh sun?! I don’t give a care!”
He glared at Jiang while fisting his hands who remained silent staring at him as he added “You said it yourself that you and the guards obey what orders I give without question which is what your doing so stop it now. I want to see Brianna now.” 
He glared at Jiang who stopped scanning his mind which he walked away feeling angry towards the quarters door to see guards standing in front of it get out of his way leaving him to open the door. He slammed it open and walked out heading towards the elevator finding it open with two guards inside and went in it sensing Jiang had followed him. He stood with arms folded hands still fisted as he felt the elevator went down and then stopped showing the shielded door floor and he stomped out and halted in front of the shield to glare at Jiang standing next to him. 
Eric mentally spoke while feeling his mind scanned by Jiang “Well stick your hand in there and get the shield down now.” 
He heard from Jiang “Please don’t get upset if nothing happens for the shield has appeared to have some kind of mind of its own when allowing people-“
He interrupted “Just stick your hand into the shield now!”
He glared at Jiang to see the Highlander do what he ordered with a hand gloved which he saw the shield remained and recalled the male doing the shield down with hand bare. He darted forwards grabbing Jiang’s hand who got out of his hand grips and avoided his attempts to grab his hand while feeling his mind scanned. 
Eric heard from Jiang mentally “Your Majesty it’s not proper for the Sun Lord to do this.”
He heard it over and over as he attempted to grab Jiang’s hand till he stopped and mentally yelled “You will stick your hand bare of glove into the shield now!”
He found Jiang obeying to his order and felt his mood fouler by the shield refusing to turn itself off. 
He heard nothing from Jiang but his mind continued scanned as he mentally spoke “Argh someone is playing some sick joke onto me to do this stunt to me.”
He reached out his hand bare and stuck it in the shield feeling itchiness from the shield’s touch along with hearing a buzzing sound but felt rage as the shield refused to go down. He removed his hand and fisted it then charged towards the shield to meet what felt like a wall which he banged himself onto it while again hearing repeated buzzing sounds from it each time he hit it with his body. He halted his banging to stick his hands fisted into the shield to feel the familiar itchiness along with hearing familiar buzzing sounds as the shield refused to go down. 
He felt rage take control as he mentally spoke over and over “Brianna!”
Eric kept up his chanting till his rage left him followed by sadness hitting him making his knees weak. He fell to kneel and wrapped his arms around his form while rocking himself back and forth uncaring that his head was hitting the shield making buzzing sounds as his eyes watered from the feeling running through him. He halted his chanting to slide his form onto the floor on his side and curled into a ball still crying away feeling like sleeping and shut his eyes. 
He heard sounding in his mind “Your Majesty, your reaction is similar to others having a twin reaction to having their loved one contained in the shield room and forced to wait a certain time period just before allowed in-“
He interrupted “Just leave me alone. Leave me be now.” 
He felt the headache stop followed by keeping his eyes shut and curled into a ball with arms still clinging to his form. He felt gloved hands take his hand rolling down his sleeve along with a prick of pain of a needle dart into his wrist. He felt himself becoming sleepier and sleepier surrendered to the drug’s contents letting himself pass out unconscious. 

Chapter eight
Eric came to hearing Jiang’s voice sounding in his mind “Your Majesty, its morning, time to get up.” 
He numbly mentally spoke “Just let me sleep I don’t want to do anything but that.” 
He heard “I would except that doctor of yours insists that you get up and take in nourishment due to sensing that your body would need it after being asleep for two suns straight. You had a bad reaction to the drug given you and it kept you asleep till the doctor gave you a drug to wake you up. He insists that you take in nourishment for your health period.”
He opened his eyes and sat up finding Jiang at the door that shut it close. He stiffened feeling an urge hitting him frowned wondering what it was as he discovered he was clad only in his underwear shorts with breathing device hooked to it. He recalled his drug withdrawal on the water ship to realize it involved the use of the bathroom got up from the bed and darted towards the bathroom doorway going inside slamming the door. 

Eric walked out once finished and his exploration of the bathroom finding it was different from the water ship’s bathroom Brianna used. He discovered while in there instead of just a shower stall like on the water ship he found an area that looked from memory to be a shower tub combination along with a sink in a large appearing to be wooden block rectangle having drawers which he found the familiar gun device called a hair dryer in one of the drawers with part of it attached to the drawer. He had fiddled with the hair dryer’s buttons and felt shocked when that thing blew hot air at him. He peered at himself in the mirror while having the thing blowing at him to see his hair was manipulated by the air it blew. He had felt enough of the hair dryer shut it off and placed it back into the drawer and found various items in the bathroom along with containers holding liquid he refrained from pouring onto his hand due to figuring out that it was for washing and figured that he would be tempted to use water to get the stuff off his hand. He once done with the exploration walked out after manipulating the door and found Jiang peering at him from the open door of the bedroom that shut it closed. He felt annoyance take hold with having to wear his confining clothes went to the bedroom door and yanked it open while sticking his head out. 
He glared at Jiang who scanned him which he mentally spoke “The clothes are they ready yet? I’m itching to wear something else other than those confiners.”
He heard a groaning noise from Jiang who mentally spoke replying to him “No their not ready but you’ll find your water ship clothes and gloves in the clothes holder. Your shoes to wear will be the ones you hate for the water ship shoes are being examined for creating the shoes you want for the Sun Lord clothes as ordered by you.” 
He slammed the door in response and went to the dresser near the bathroom door next to the bed and yanked open drawers finding them empty and then went to the dresser next to the bed opposite that and found what he was looking for. He put on the clothes and exhaled a breath finding himself relieved to wear them. He exhaled another breath after inhaling and with a mental groan he put on the flimsy shoes feeling disgusted with having to wear them. He exhaled a breath and eyed the bathroom's doorway as if drawn and went into the bathroom as if compelled to stare at himself in the mirror with night vision and found his hair looked out of place by the hair dryer’s manipulating. He with hands gloved manipulated his hair back into place recalling how it was styled and found his manipulating easy done and once done walk out of the bathroom and went to the bedroom door. He slammed it open and went out to see Jiang looking at him who he thought he saw relief in the Highlander’s eyes but looked away going to the dining table to sit and eat his food. Eric felt himself terribly hungry gobbled up the food and gulped down the drink. He once done got up and went to the couch to sit and grabbed the remote turning on the TVs. 
He noticed Jiang standing off his right next to the couch which he gave a glare and mentally spoke “I expect answers to my questions I ask to what I see on the monitors.” 
He heard in response “It’ll be done as you wish.” 
He looked away and stared at the TV and once again pestered Jiang with various questions mentally spoken along with pointing fingers at the TV while gesturing to the Highlander to view and give him an explanation which lasted till the male told him “Enough its time for you to go to bed and get some sleep now.” 
He peered at the windows to spot instead of darkness the sun going away followed by some heavy spotted whiteness appearing to be falling from the sky and shut off the TVs showing blaring blue screens instead of scenes which he put the remote down on the table and got up going to the window to peer outside. He eyed the whiteness that seemed lengthy and eyed the sky that was white with spotted whiteness coming from it. 
He placed hands on the window while staring at it and then shifted to look for Jiang seeing the Highlander behind him nearby while mentally speaking “What’s going on outside?”
He heard mentally “It’s a cold storm courtesy of King Winter, Lord and ruler of the cold and snow. I wouldn’t go out in that if I would you. Cold storms bring death to anyone caught in it. Cold storms have hit Atlanta for cycles at various times while coming and going with warning from the Guardian warning the natives which they must get indoors to avoid being caught in one and passing away as a result. I believe you should be in bed sleeping due to that the doctor stuck at the local hospital has communicated to us after we sent him a communication that you should be doing that. Sorry you’re without your personal doctor at the moment due to the cold storm outside.”
He shifted his form entirely to face Jiang and mentally spoke “Why is Trevor at the hospital anyway?”
Eric heard from Jiang “Ah that’s part of his duties as your personal doctor to be at the hospital examining test results he’s done on you that have been transmitted to the hospital for further study. The hospital’s medical technology is more advanced than here when it comes to examining tests results hence he there at the moment so off to bed you go.” 
He felt no urged to sleep as he stared at Jiang and mentally spoke “Tell me when the seventh day is going to go by?”
He heard a groaning noise from the Highlander as Jiang mentally spoke “I believe the seventh sun is the following sun but you would have to wait till that passes first before you can see Brianna. Sorry about this so off to bed you go I insist for the doctor told us to dart you out if you resists to that order. That darting you out thing is something I don’t agree to and prefer you to sleep without help by yourself.”
He recalled himself able to turn invisible mentally spoke “Not if you can find me.” 
He turned himself invisible and heard from Jiang verbalizing his words loudly “Sun Lord is resisting the order!”
He figured he’ll walk up towards Jiang only to feel himself darted by a syringe hitting him in the arm after hearing a familiar dart gun going off while feeling himself appearing from hidden state along with sleepiness and fell towards the floor falling unconscious. 
He dreamed of a female Human with long brown hair and brown eyes that looked familiar while wearing a white short sleeved dress that was long around her ankles. 
She was smiling at him followed by the view going black as he heard a male voice sounding familiar speaking “Its time for you to get up its morning.”
Eric found himself lying on a bed still clad in his clothes. He jerked open his eyes feeling like he was forgetting something within him and rubbed a gloved hand on his forehead as the forgetting feeling stopped and he dismissed it. 
He got up from the bed and eyed Jiang standing in the doorway looking at him who spoke mentally to him “The clothes and shoes aka boots are ready but their stuck at a discreet location. That’s due to that there’s going to be a cold storm hitting soon from the Guardian sounding warning. I can’t tell you how long the cold storm will last due to that they are various on time frame lengths so you’ll have to be patient.”
He without a comment felt a familiar urge darted into the bathroom slamming the door then once done came out finding Jiang hadn’t moved. He went to the doorway as the Highlander backed up and he walked out of the bedroom to the eating table and sat gobbling up the food and gulping down the drink. He once done went to the windows to glare outside seeing the sun was fast disappearing from behind clouds as spotted whiteness arrived falling from them appearing to be thick in number from the looks of it. He continued to glare out the window seeing that the cold storm seemed lengthy and felt himself annoyed. 
Eric turned to glare at Jiang standing off his left he found and mentally spoke “Has anyone bothered to time those cold storms?”
He heard from Jiang still mentally “Actually they have been doing it for cycles but the timer results aren’t very well done. That’s from depending on when the sun shines to time the cold storms. The city natives have balked help from other nations having invented timer devices to tell time during a cold storm or when its time for meals and bed as well. The natives like most of Atlanta still depend on the sun to wake them up along with when to go to bed something we have adapted to doing here due to that the Sun Lord’s residence is here as well.” 
He didn’t comment a response went to the couch and sat picking up the remote which he clicked the button and found blaring blue screens in response to his remote’s manipulating. 
He heard from Jiang loudly “Sorry Your Majesty but cold storms always shut down visuals but verbal communications are still active as always.”
He with disgust running through him shut off the TVs and thumped the remote down onto the table and leaned back with arms folded feeling himself further disgusted. He felt himself itching to do something got up from the couch and began to pace back and forth till he recalled the incident of the previous day gave Jiang a glare sensing the familiar feeling. 
He mentally spoke “Spill it Jiang how come your not surprised to see me turn hidden? How were you able to knock me out detecting me in my hidden state?”
He glared at Jiang who appeared to gulp before the Highlander mentally spoke “Like I said about having a family predecessor talking about encountering you while serving Oceana. The family predecessor did give out very clear details involving you attacking Kaddar guards while in some hidden state in retaliation to your male offspring taken by force you in Oceana's headquarters. One of the guards wound up using an elevator to knock you out making you reveal your form. It was a stunt pulled by Tikcanni who was trying to punish you for the killing of a ruler as in getting you to Oceana's headquarters to hand out the punishment of execution towards you. Fortunately Raisa, Tikcanni's mate I believe is her name managed to do a great deal of convincing Tikcanni to have you punished by whipping anytime it was to be used instead. He agreed to that leaving you alive as a result.”
He stiffened hearing Jiang’s talk as the Highlander continued talking “I admit it that it was a guard’s gun and a lucky shot that the dart hit you in the arm darting you out. The guard in question guessed on where you were and fired the gun blindly guessing that it would hit you and it did. You were out for the whole sun and night till morning is when I successfully woke you up.” 
He mentally spoke feeling like not pursuing the subject “Did Trevor’s brother test the clothes and boots for any leakage before I wear them?”
He heard from Jiang “I assure you that Creve is his name was thinking very smartly when it comes to the clothes and boots enough to do tests on them. I know your doctor has said that Creve personally wouldn’t give up various inventions whether their for medical use or not without bothering to test them very thoroughly for any flaws. Your doctor has said that Creve has this very picky habit of doing what it takes to find flaws in things invented whether their for medical use or not. I believe is what he’s doing with the clothes and boots at the moment. I oath to you that I got word to your doctor to tell Creve not to be lengthy with the tests due your duties of being Sun Lord requires making an oath appearance to the public.”
He mentally spoke “Oath appearance? What oath appearance?”
He glared at Jiang who spoke mentally “Ah that was an excuse used on the public when a rumor was going around heard saying that the Sun Lord was very sick with a medical ailment and seeking a replacement for the titled duties. We managed to spread via Akylah that the Sun Lord is doing fine medically and will show himself at a sun on the appearance spot and oath that it’ll happen. Lucky for us the cold storms’ arrival have managed to put that off for now.”
Eric folded his arms and mentally spoke “Jiang what were you planning on doing if the cold storms haven’t arrived and the public insisting on keeping the promised oath?”
He heard from Jiang “Ah I thought of having a guard similar sized to your predecessor wearing the Sun Lord clothes and mask to make an appearance on the appearance spot. Humans have dubbed the appearance spot by this word of balcony. This has taken effect among the natives of the city who use that word when referring to it.” 
He mentally spoke “Show me this balcony.”
Eric heard from his guard “Sorry that hallway leading to the balcony is exposed to outside air by an end of it open to the balcony with nothing to keep out the air in place. It’s still cold storming outside at the moment. I wouldn’t recommend going to there due to that the hallway is only accessed by elevator. I warn you that technology regardless of what they are have repeatedly broken down once exposed to cold storms. I’m sure will happen to the elevator if it's exposed to the cold storm’s air. The technology has reportedly resumed function once cold storms stop which suggests that their programmed to shut down when exposed to cold storms and then resume function once the cold storm has stopped.”
He felt disgust take hold without a comment turned around and glared out the window seeing it was still like Jiang said cold storming outside to recall fully in his mind of a childhood memory of himself. He recalled watching as his sister Ionela similar child age as he was, was given clothes to put on her form over her jumpsuit that looked thick to him by a male with red orange short hair while wearing a jumpsuit and having a beard and a mustache. He stiffened recalling that he was Kossman his Father. He recalled seeing Ionela was given the clothes that covered her from head to foot leaving her face bare while in front of a hallway with a door behind her. He remembering that the door opened showing whiteness on the ground along with feeling cold air coming into the hallway. He watched as Ionela grabbed a flat round orange circular object and darted out while giving off loud laughing sounds before the door was slammed shut leaving him alone with Kossman. 
Eric recalling frowned for he stared at Kossman who looked at him with pity in his eyes.
His Father spoke “Ah the whiteness is called snow some iced version of water and its cold to the touch along with covering various landscapes. Your sister should be fine out there. She knows when to come in by me blowing my whistle when ordered to do it. Don’t worry about her.” 
He continued to recall Kossman added “Eric just go to your room and stay there. I can’t leave here due to needing to be on a moment’s notice to call Ionela back into here once ordered so go.” 
Eric remembering obeyed going to his room to find a window which he yanked back the curtains to see nothing but a metallic wall view instead. He felt frustrated on not able to see Ionela outside playing that he had gone to pace lengthy before darting out and back to Kossman to find Ionela already there taking off her clothes leaving a jumpsuit on. 
Eric frowned as Kossman went bugged eyed seeing him yelled “Eric get away from here now! There’s iced snow and it’s dripping into a water state so get out and away!”
He had hesitated till Ionela spoke “Eric, go now.” 
He obeyed to leave going to the hallway where his room was to sit in the doorway of his room waiting for Ionela who didn’t appear till he fell asleep lying on the rugged floor. He woke up finding himself in bed with his sister cuddling next to him asleep which he smiled feeling himself much better having her there and shut his eyes falling asleep. 

Chapter nine
A loud ahem broke Eric of his reverie which he felt a hand shake his shoulder jerked his head towards his left to stare finding Jiang was the one who touched him that removed his hand. 
Jiang he heard mentally “I thought of an idea of having you go back to bed and get some sleep seeing you don’t have much to do around here but you’ll shot that down anyway.” 
He exhaled a breath hearing Jiang’s words as he mentally spoke “Well I’ll go to bed anyway and let my thoughts amuse me.” 
He got nothing from Jiang but a head bob in a Human styled yes gesture which the Highlander backed aside. He walked passed him to his bedroom going inside and shut the door to again find the bed made only to recall he slept on top of the blankets. He went to the dresser holding his pajamas and stripped himself of his clothes and shoes exchanging them for pajama pants but leaving on his gloves. He picked up the shoes arm length in front of him and carried them to the bedroom door yanking it open to throw them out into the living room satisfied hearing banging noises from them hitting something. He shut the door shut and went to the bed yanking back the blankets. 
He got into the bed and maneuvered leaning over shutting off the lamp then grumbled mentally “Argh forgot to tell the guards about leaving a lamp off.”
He rolled over and reached towards that lamp to hear the door to the bedroom open. He looked to spot a guard put down a pair of familiar shoes then backed out shutting the door in a gentle slam. 
Eric grumbled mentally “Don’t tell me that’s because of Creve not finished with his stinking tests.” 
He felt sleepy in response shut off the lamp and adjusted position till he was lying on one side of the bed nearest the dresser holding his water ship clothes. He shut his eyes feeling himself passing out unconscious to dream again of a brown haired brown eyed female smiling Human while wearing a white dress. 
He frowned as the dream went away followed by hearing a familiar voice sounding his mind “Its time to get up for its morning.” 
Eric jerked open his eyes as a feeling of forgetting hit him which he saw Jiang at the doorway that mentally added “You’ll find your titled duty clothes in the clothes holder along with the requested shoes so put them on and come out so we can see if they need adjusting.” 
He obeyed getting up as Jiang shut the door feeling his mood good. Eric went to the dresser and yanked open the top drawer taking off the breathing device leaving it on top of the dresser along with his pajama pants and gloves leaving his form naked while shutting the drawer. He opened the one in the middle to find black clothing inside along with shoe wear. He took out the items tossing them to the bed while leaving them piled onto there. He exhaled a breath to shut the drawer and hunted for his underwear shorts finding them not in the dresser which his eye fell on the one next to the door and went to it with a hand gripping the breathing device. He yanked open the top drawer to find what he was looking for fully inside and yanked it out shutting the drawer. He put on the underwear shorts and hooked the breathing device to it then went to the bed to pick up the clothes to examine. Eric found that they were similar as the too tight confining Sun Lord clothes but the jacket had gloves firmly attached to the sleeves and the boots he saw at closer inspection appeared to be some version of his water ship shoes but without laces and appeared to be the type for slipping in feet in and out. He exhaled a breath through his mouth and put on the clothes feeling them loose on his form but fitting at the right places along with the boots fitting his feet clinging partially while feeling fine to his standards. He went to the door to the bedroom and yanked it open walking out to stand staring at Jiang noticing Trevor there which both were appearing to scrutinizing him up and down with narrowed eyed looks. 
He heard from Trevor “I recommend that His Majesty take in nourishment first before we attempt to see how the clothes will do under shower water with him wearing them. I prefer he have a full stomach to fight off any water poisoning if it happens for I figured that the nourishment will help him recover faster.” 
He eyed Jiang who eyed him back while feeling his mind scanned and he heard from the Highlander “I suggest you agree to this.” 
Eric looked away feeling the mind scanning stopped which he went to the table and sat and proceeded to eat his food first leaving no bites left due to thinking it was a must to eat it all up. He eyed the drink to see it was an orange color instead of brown and gulped it down finding it tasty and familiar to him. He remembered Kossman trying to get him as a child barely teenager old to drink a similar colored drink calling it orange juice. Telling him he’ll be rewarded if he drank it all up which he obeyed to his Father’s order. He grimaced inwardly once done drinking the drink to recall that his reward for drinking the orange juice was to meet a male introduced to him as Alexei Zesky in some bedroom setting while the male was seated in an armchair. Alexei he recalled was acting very happy to see him that gave him affection. Eric frowned putting down the cup to recall that the subject Alexei brought up involved his Mother. Alexei he recalled fully wanted to know what his feelings were towards his Mother and seemed insisting on getting an answer. 
He remembering while leaning back had said in answer to Alexei’s probing question about how he felt towards his Mother saying “She’s mean.” 
Eric continued to frown letting himself think of the memory as Alexei had asked him to describe what he meant of his Mother being mean to him. 
He recalled saying “She hates me. She doesn’t care for me.” 
He frowned letting himself loose in his memories to recall Alexei’s reaction to form some look on his face that he learned later was disappointment before taking his arm and hauling him out of the room where Kossman was in the hallway. 
Alexei speaking he overheard “He knows what she did to him.” 
Eric kept himself leaning back in the chair remembering Kossman’s reaction was to form a look on his face he later identified as disgust before taking his arm and hauling him to his room and speaking “Stay there and don’t come out.”
He recalled staying in his room leaving the door open while seated on his bed for a lengthy period of time till Kossman came back and spoke “Lights out, its bedtime, Eric.”
He obeyed going to lie on the bed adjusting the blankets to cover him up to his chest as Kossman he saw turned off the lights with a light switch and then shut the door. He discovered his ability to see in the dark by instead of darkness by everything turned yellow and saw everything clearly. Eric frowned remembering that he looked around the room then feeling sleepy shut his eyes and fell asleep. 

Chapter ten
His reverie was broken by a male voice sounding in his mind speaking “Excuse me for breaking your thoughts but the doctor wants to test you on the effectiveness of water proofing the clothes your wearing and see if your safe wearing them.” 
He blinked his eyes of the memory to stare at Jiang standing next to Trevor sensing his mind scanned which he mentally spoke “You’ll have to teach me how to turn on the water in the shower tub combination in my bedroom’s bathroom. Due to my water poisoning I never pursued such things like that.” 
He got up as Jiang verbalized his words which he was handed his familiar mask by the Highlander and he put it on covering his head to notice the guard and Trevor scrutinizing him up and down again. 
Eric exhaled a breath through his mouth to hear from Trevor “I don’t see the breathing device in view. How did you managed to hide that? It was assumed it’ll be hooked outside of your clothes.” 
He stared at Jiang sensing the familiar headache and spoke words verbalized by the Highlander saying His Majesty says “I hooked it to my underwear shorts I wear to cover my sensitive parts. I don’t feel right not wearing underwear covering me anyway.” 
He frowned to fold his arms while shifting to stare at Trevor who appeared to frown before the doctor spoke “Your Majesty, your lucky that you got it the idea of wearing undergarments which is not easily gotten among people of various species even Humans as well despite repeatedly telling them to wear them over and over. This has been balked repeatedly. People have been complaining that the undergarments were a nuisance when it involves getting out of clothes for mating issues. Its excuse talks for people not wanting to wear undergarments anyway.” 
Eric shrugged and eyed Jiang to sense the familiar feeling and he mentally spoke “This bit about the shower? Can we get it over with now? I’m anxious to see if the clothes are good enough to keep me safe from being water poisoned.” 
He shifted to look at Trevor who waved his arm scanner in his direction after hearing Jiang repeat his words before speaking “Yah lets do it now. Jiang, you assist to be ready to help me get His Majesty out if water poisoning is sensed. I’ll need guards to standby ready to help the both of us get the clothes off his form and him onto his bed along with one ready to inject him with the medicine.” 
He heard from Jiang verbalizing words “It’ll be done as you requested doctor so let’s get this over with.”
Eric walked to his bedroom leading the way to again find his bed made which he didn’t focus on instead went into the bathroom to the shower tub combination finding a sliding door in place which he opening the door and stepped inside turning around to face Trevor who cleared his throat. 
He frowned as Trevor spoke “Actually Your Majesty, simply turn a bit in that direction.”
He obeyed at Trevor’s finger gesture then frowned staring at the wall seeing it had an overhead sink like large faucet and at his waist level were two knobs jutting from the wall and spotted another sink like faucet below them. He saw the knobs included the colors of red on one and blue on the other one with indentions buttons in the middle of them. 
He looked at Trevor who spoke “Just press the button on the one with sky color on it with a finger and the water will turn on.” 
He obeyed and exhaled a breath as he wearing the new Sun Lord outfit and mask covering his head stood in the shower with the water running over him from the overhead faucet. He frowned at the sensation of the water falling over him and looked at Trevor standing nearby holding an arm sized scanner which he was waving. Eric closed his eyes letting the water fall over his clothes and the mask he was wearing covering his head. He let his senses take control as he sensed no familiar feeling of water poisoning. 
Frowning he opened his eyes and continued to look at Trevor who spoke “Everything’s fine just press the button again with a finger and it’ll shut off the water.”
Eric obeyed finding the water shut off and he stepped out of the shower to face Trevor who was still waving the arm sized scanner over him. 
Trevor spoke “Appears the clothes work for according to the scanner you’re perfectly fine.” 
Eric exhaled a breath and left the bathroom followed by Trevor to see Jiang watching him from the doorway of the bedroom. He reached the doorway of the bedroom stopped and turned his head towards Jiang and felt the headache as the Highlander scanned him. 
He mentally spoke “Has the seventh day imposed by the shield passed?”
He heard Jiang speak voice in his head “Yes.” 
Eric mentally spoke again “I want to see Brianna now.” 
He heard Jiang mentally speak “Follow me.” 
He followed Jiang out of the apartment towards the elevator where three Highlanders two females and a male stood inside as they both entered it. The elevator he felt went down with a humming sound. He frowned as the elevator stopped opening its doors revealing the hallway where the two devices sat in front of the door with the shield field between them. He walked out of the elevator sensing himself followed by Jiang and a Highlander guard towards the shield field. He pulled at the glove and attached sleeve yanking off part of his jacket baring his clawed hand and stuck it in the shield while holding his breath feeling the familiar itchiness along with buzzing sounds heard. The shield he saw went off to his relief with a loud beep sound. He put his hand back into the sleeve and attached glove of the jacket as the door opened itself. He walked inside the vast room yanking off his mask and handed it to the guard a female Highlander as he went to Brianna’s coffin walking up the steps where it lay on a platform. Eric stood next to the glass coffin staring at Brianna who lay dead to the world inside it. He raised his hands to stare at them covered by gloves and lowered his hands with a frown. He heard ahem noise and looked at two guards, Jiang and female standing below the platform watching him. He eyed the barrel shaped head cover mask held in the female Highlander’s gloved hands. With an exhale of breath Eric resumed looking at Brianna’s form in the coffin then placed his hands on his chest. He felt the clothes and boots he was wearing made out of unfamiliar material. That had water dripping from them felt that protected him from standing in the shower’s water while testing the outfit. He recalled something about Brianna when he laid her in there placed a hand on his neck abruptly covered by a black collar and felt the familiar budge of the chain he wore with relief hitting him. 
Frowning he heard ahem again and felt the headache followed by a female voice speaking in his mind “Your Majesty, time grows short. The people are eagerly awaiting their ruler, the Sun Lord to make an appearance as oath.” 
Eric exhaled a breath as he left the coffin walking down the steps as the headache left him. He sniffed his nose feeling the tubes inside his nostrils of the breathing device with tubes going behind his ears leading to a thin hand sized box attached to his underwear shorts on his waist underneath his clothes as he sucked air. Frowning he went to the female and took the barrel shaped head cover mask which he placed on covering his head and face’s features showing no outlines or details then followed the two guards out of the room. Eric followed the guards to the elevator with two others in it that went up with the familiar humming sound. The elevator he felt stopped and opened revealing a large hallway with three open doorways in a row leading to an open ended balcony at the end of it. Frowning he walked out of the elevator following Jiang as the other Highlanders followed. Reaching the doorways Jiang stepped aside and gestured with a hand. Eric stepped through one and reached the end of the balcony at the series of metal railings to see below was a vast crowd of people of different manoid species gathered outside standing surrounding a large square pool of water with scattered trees as far as his eyes could see. The crowd he saw waved their hands some clapping as he heard loud cheering like noises coming from them seemingly lengthy till a loud noise he heard sounded getting the crowd to scatter around. Jiang he heard abruptly ordered him to go inside by mental talk sounding firm which he obeyed to go to his quarters to sit on the couch mask off on the table eyeing TVs.

Chapter eleven
Eric sat on the couch in front of the TV monitors stuck in the wall. He grabbed the remote from the coffee table and flicked the TVs on flicking through the scenes of camera views on the TV monitors flicking the screens watching scenes with a frown on his face. He stiffened when he saw an overhead shot view of a female’s side walking alone in a hallway with hair styled similar to Brianna. Frowning he clicked the remote and the view changed showing the female’s front which he exhaled air when he saw her face was exactly like Brianna’s. 
He thought to himself “I found you.”
He turned his head towards Jiang and got his mind scanned as he mentally spoke "Give me every information you got on this female I'm seeing via TV monitor on the large screen as soon as possible now." 
He glared at Jiang who gave him a head bob before glancing at the TV monitor still displaying Brianna's twin he saw. Then saw the Highlander looking away towards another guard standing in front of the door who gave a head bob and left the quarters out of sight. Eric continued to eye the TV seemingly lengthy watching the female recalling memories of his life with Brianna spilling in his mind. He sighed feeling himself impatient for information on Brianna's twin as he watched her appear to attend multiple classes in different classrooms all over the place in high school from the looks of it lengthy. He saw her disappeared through a doorway shutting the door behind her that didn't seem to have a camera access no matter how he manipulated the TVs to give him a camera view to his frustration. 
He kept the camera view aimed at the female's door as Jiang was heard loudly "Its nighttime, time for you to go to bed now." 
He gave Jiang a glare who scanned his mind as he mentally spoke "Why is it taking so long to get the information on this female?"
He heard from Jiang mentally "Sorry the information on her requires permission from her family raisers due to her age of appearing to be not fully grown who are being contacted at the moment. I can't say when they'll answer or give a response to your request which will normally take the next sun before they give out a firm answer. This is something that has happened to your predecessors asking for information on people they request information on even through TV recordings or in person if their not the proper age for such information to be shared. So sorry but you'll have to go to bed and wait." 
He shut off the TVs in response and thumped down the remote onto the table seeing a thin line form from his slamming as he without another word towards Jiang got up and stomped into his bedroom slamming the door. He felt himself impatient to know who Brianna's twin was as he paced in his bedroom only to feel compelled to get out of the Sun Lord uniform and boots. He proceeded to do striping himself of his clothes entirely then put on the pajamas and gloves along with hooking up the breathing device to the pants' waist. He felt himself annoyed with being impatient stomped towards the lamps turning them off plunging night vision in his eyesight and went to the wall next to the window to lean against feeling himself too tensed up to sleep. He leaned with arms folded seemingly lengthy till he felt himself sleepy exhaled a breath and went to the bed yanking blankets to get inside and thrust the blankets up to his chest and shut his eyes. 
He mentally thought "Jiang better be right on the information period. I'm impatient to know who she is despite she looking like Brianna by the looks of her. Perhaps I could have her as mine too." 
He passed out unconscious.

Eric woke up by Jiang's blaring in his mind again which he ignored the chatter to sit up in bed and gave the Highlander a glare who shut the door to the bedroom in response. He got up and exchanged clothes then put on his boots he figured he'll call the shoes from now on. He stomped out of the bedroom to the eating table while noticing nourishment for him to take in along with his mask piled near them. He went to sit and gobbled up the nourishment using utensils along with gulping down the drink that appeared to be orange colored as usual. 
He eyed Jiang who scanned his mind as he mentally spoke "The information on this female has it come in yet?"
Eric glared at Jiang who appeared to gulp before mentally speaking to him "Sorry the time period for response hasn't arrived yet which is whenever the sun is at the highest point in the sky as traditionally done with your predecessors." 
He felt disgust take hold got up without a word and stomped to the couch sitting down ignoring his mask left on the table which he turned on the TVs clicking to find Brianna's twin come out of a no camera accessed room shutting the door behind her and went to a table appearing to sit and take in nourishment. He eyed the twin seemingly lengthy going through various classes till an ahem broke his watching sounding of Jiang's voice. Eric shut off the TV monitors due to figuring out that Jiang had the information. 
He eyed the Highlander who spoke verbalizing words "Her name is Brianna as dubbed by her family raisers and teachers she is currently attending Atlanta High School as a student. She was recently diagnosed with some mysterious breathing problem that involves her having trouble breathing the natural air of Terrania which the school building's air has proven to give her the air she needs to breathe fine with hence she currently taking residence there in a room set aside for her."
Eric frowned hearing that figured that he'll see her in person eyed Jiang waiting for further information only to get his mind scanned which he spoke "I want to see this Brianna at her place of residence in person right away so make that happen now."
He gave Jiang a glare who mentally spoke "It shall be done as you ordered." 
He watched as Jiang went to stare at a Highlander guard who left the room as he resumed viewing Brianna he assumed he'll call her via TV monitors having classes at the high school till his personal guard blared in his mind "Transportation is ready for you now." 
He got up to hear an ahem from Jiang who gave him a narrowed eyed glared while jabbing a finger in a direction he sighed indicated the mask left on the eating table. He went to the mask after shutting off the TVs. He put on and without another comment wordlessly followed Jiang out of the quarters to the elevator which went down to the familiar garage room. He was led to a vehicle he seeing it had a guard in the front seat appearing to be the driver while noticing various equipment next to the Highlander male that didn't indicate passenger seating. He frowned as Jiang got him inside the vehicle to sit alone in the middle of rows of three seats with Jiang sitting in front of him in the first seat with another Highlander guard along with two other guards taking the rear seats. He peered out of the window as the vehicle rolled out of the garage room. He found the vehicle didn't indicate on flying to him instead joined traffic of various vehicles in the streets with people walking on sidewalks nearby the road. He frowned finding that those people looking in his direction didn't seem to appear to see him as he easily saw them looking. Eric continued to watch the scenery as the vehicle drove throughout the city till a large vast in size white dome appeared in sight and saw that parts of it was attached to a building appearing to be sticking out of it as the vehicle stopped in a parking lot near a canopied entrance. He got told by Jiang that it was the high school. He got out following Jiang sensing his guards in the vehicle following him inside the building to a hallway. He stiffened seeing a couple a male and female in some lip lock movement at the end of it and appeared to not notice their arrival. Eric continued to stiffen as the couple continued their lips meeting as he and Jiang continued down the hallway towards them. He recognized the female as Brianna from the looks of her hair and clothes indicating her. He eyed the male with a frown finding that he had gloved hands on her back and had long black hair and was wearing some jumpsuit on his form identical color to Brianna's dress. 
Eric felt annoyance take hold as Jiang broke up the couple's lip meeting by speaking "Ahem." 
He eyed the male with distaste running through him to see them both break apart showing the male had his face and golden eyes but had longer hair. Brianna he saw kept a hand hold onto the male despite them breaking apart their lips' meeting and looking like she favored him by her behavior towards the male. 
He felt himself getting annoyed seeing that behavior as Jiang spoke "Excuse me you both care to introduce yourself to His Majesty the Sun Lord paying a visit to this school?"
He glared at the male who spoke sounding of Ionela to him "The name's Rick Kossman and this is my mate friend Brianna." 
Eric figured to himself that Rick was Trevor's younger brother as said to him. He spied a locket around Rick's neck appearing to look identical to the one Ionela habitually worn. 
He shifted to glare at Jiang sensing his mind scanned and heard the Highlander repeating his words saying His Majesty says "Where did you acquire that jewelry you're wearing around your neck Rick?"
He eyed Rick after shifting away from Jiang to hear from Brianna unexpectedly sounding not like his Brianna but oddly accented "It was mine. I got it from my adoptive Mother who couldn't have children that raised me who gave it to me. I gave the necklace to Rick to show my feelings of seeing him as a mate friend towards him like he's seeing towards me." 
Eric stiffened from Brianna's words to figure out that mate friend was another word for couples pairing up. Rick he glared at released his hold on Brianna to open the locket showing the pictures inside he glimpsed was a picture of himself having a nasty facial expression and his own Brianna having a far away look on her face. Eric felt sadness hitting him unexpectedly as his eyes watered. He forced himself to walk away, away from the couple and down the hallway and out of the school guided by Jiang towards the vehicle parked in the lot of scattered vehicles in it. He got inside and yanked at the mask making an attempt to take it off only to get guards telling him to keep it on in firm tones which he obeyed letting the tears flow seemingly not lengthy till his eyes stopped watering. 
He felt relieved as the vehicle arrived at the headquarters which he got out and darted into the elevator to hear from Jiang mentally "Brianna?"
He mentally spoke "Home now." 
Eric felt the elevator go up seemingly not lengthy as he felt his mood become bad not of sadness but of anger hitting him. 
He mentally thought to himself "The Brianna I want has someone else as her mate."
He mentally repeated the words over and over till the elevator was felt stopping. He walked out and guided by Jiang went into his quarters going into his bedroom to find himself mouth breathing hard while noticing Trevor in the vicinity speaking words he not registering and ignoring him. Eric stood breathing hard through his mouth with the head cover mask on. His arms were folded with hands fisted as Trevor stared at him with a questioningly look on his face. 
He heard his guard Jiang standing in the room speak “Doctor, His Majesty is a little angry and needs to calm down so please leave for a bit.” 
Trevor he saw as anger arrived taking control obeyed darting out of the room closing the door behind him. Eric yanked off the head cover mask throwing it on to the floor. 
He sensed a headache from Jiang reading his mind as he thought “I found Brianna and I can’t have her.” 
Eric breathed hard through his mouth panting as he repeated the thought “I found Brianna and I can’t have her.” 
He opened his mouth to roar and no sound came out as he felt his legs give away to a kneeling position as anger arrived billowing through him. He placed his gloved hands on his forehead breathing harder through his mouth as his eyes sight clouded up in whiteness while feeling the rages arrive. Eric yanked his hands from his forehead as a gloved hand touched his chin closing his mouth with force while feeling a cloth covering it. He struggled against the hand trying to breathe while waving his arms. 
Eric heard a voice speaking in his mind words repeating “Breathe through your nose, breathe.” 
He obeyed closing his eyes while sucking in air through the tubes in his nostrils as he felt himself calming down. Eric opened his eyes with clear eyes sight to stare at Jiang whose hat was off his head covering his mouth as he breathed through the tubes sucking in the air. Jiang he felt had a gloved hand on his chin keeping his mouth forcibly shut. He felt the headache as Jiang scanned his mind then removed the hat from his mouth to place it on his head. Eric stared at Jiang who gripped his arm pulling him up in a standing position.
He heard Jiang speak as he let go of his arm “Your Majesty, you’ll be alright, don’t worry there’s a female out there that is yours.” 
Eric narrowed his eyes and brought his fist up punching Jiang in the stomach that bent down groaning loudly. He yanked off Jiang’s hat with a hand and grabbed the Highlander’s long black hair yanking his head up facing him with another hand. 
Eric felt the headache as Jiang scanned him as he mentally spoke “There’ll be no one but Brianna. She is my mate and will always be. I don’t care if you parade females in front of me for they won’t replace Brianna. None of them will.” 
He heard Jiang speak in his mind “I get it your words, Your Majesty.”
He placed the hat back on Jiang’s head and let go of the Highlander’s hair as he felt the headache leave him. Eric gave Jiang a glare as he went to pick up the head cover mask and folded his arms glaring at the Highlander. 
He saw Jiang went to the door opening it and heard him speak “It’s ok to come in now.” 
Trevor he saw walked in the room and waved a scanner device over him. 
He frowned as Trevor stared at the device with his eyes for a bit then the doctor spoke “According to my scanners you seem fine.” 
Eric nodded his head and walked out of the bedroom to the couch where he sat and grabbed the remote after throwing the mask onto the table there. He sat on the couch remote in hand flicking the TV screens with a scowl on his face. His expression softened with a far away look when the monitors showed an overhead shot of Brianna sitting with other people of different races all eyes on a female Akylah who were appearing to be talking while writing on a large white board on the wall with a marked pen device in her hand. He pressed a button on the remote and the large monitor focused on Brianna which showed a close up view of her face. He exhaled air as he stared at the screen. He heard the door to the quarters open and close but continued to watch Brianna on the monitor. He felt a vibration on the couch as someone sat next to him. 
He felt a headache and heard Jiang’s voice speaking mentally in his head “The female sitting next to you on the couch is named Niya who has the mind walking detection and receiving abilities like you do. She will be your escort holding the title The Mistress. Accept her for it is overheard among people that they want the Sun Lord to have a female.” 
He felt the headache leave him as he felt a hand touch his right arm and looked to his right to see a female with long brown hair partly pulled back and brown eyes that eerie reminded him of Brianna’s that met his golden ones with a pleasant expression in them. Eric frowned as he stared at her then at the screen of Brianna and then clicked off the TV monitors with a press of a button on the remote. He set the remote down on the table as the light of the sun outside shining through the windows faded becoming night. 
Eric heard Jiang’s voice speaking from behind him “Niya wants to touch your cheek with her hand and I insist you allow her to do this.”
He nodded his head and stiffened as he watched her right hand slowly went to his cheek, her palm touching him. Eric jerked as he felt a jolt of pleasure from Niya’s hand touching his cheek. He shut his eyes and without thinking pressed his face into Niya’s hand who gently rubbed his cheek. Eric exhaled air breathing deeply through the tubes in his nose as Niya’s hand gently massaged his cheek. An image of Brianna in her youngness came to his mind’s eye and he jerked his eyes opened as anger arrived. He with a hand yanked Niya’s hand off his cheek and got up from the couch walking towards his bedroom. He gave Jiang a glare as he paused from walking and felt the Highlander scan him. 
He mentally spoke “I accept Niya as the Mistress but I insist on sleeping in separate bedrooms starting now.” 
He saw Jiang nod his head then turn it to stare at Niya who he saw abruptly frowned. Eric gave Niya a glare and then walked into his bedroom slamming the door behind him. He stormed to the dresser holding his pajamas next to the bed with the window on the wall near it. He yanked off his clothes folding and putting them away into the dresser as he placed the breathing device on the dresser. He stood naked to open the drawer holding his black pajamas which he put on his form. He grabbed his gloves he wore on the ship and yanked them onto his clawed hands. He grabbed the device and turned off the lamps plunging the room in darkness as night vision arrived to his eyes. He went to the bed yanking the blankets back and got in putting the device between the two pillows and laid down pulling the blankets up to his chest on his form. He closed his eyes as an image of Niya’s face flashed in his mind which he opened his eyes and frowned as he stared at the smooth ceiling above him. He frowned some more as a feeling of curiosity arrived along with an urge to be with Niya was felt. With an exhale of a breath through his mouth he sat up yanking off the blankets and grabbed the breathing device which he clipped to the waist of his pajama pants. Frowning he stood up from the bed and paced in the darkness his eyes showing night vision his feet bare on the floor that felt smooth to the touch. With another exhale of a breath he left his bedroom to see his two guards both Highlanders standing in front of the closed door to the quarters who looked at him with blank expressions on their faces. Frowning he walked to the quarters’ other bedroom and knocked on the door that had window squares in it showing light shining dimly due to the shade covering it from inside the bedroom. 
He heard a female voice speak “Come in.” 
Eric opened the door and walked inside to see Niya wearing a long lacy white nightgown like dress stand up from the lower bunk of the bunk bed when she saw him. The lamp on the dresser next to the bed was on he saw. He stared at her as he closed the door behind him. 
He frowned as she spoke using her voice while moving her hands in hand language he recognized while speaking her words “Eric, I’m aware that you can’t talk because of the breathing device. I’m fluent in hand language taught at a school I went to for cycles so you can communicate to me that way. I’m willing to teach you the language if you like.” 
Eric stiffened recognizing Arielia’s hand language and he raised his gloved hands to sign “Unnecessary, I’m fluent in hand language.” 
He stared at Niya who walked towards him till she was several inches away and she spoke “I’m curious on what your hands look like without the gloves. May I see them?”
He exhaled air and slowly took off his gloves off each hand while putting the gloves on the dresser next to him then he held up his hands. Eric stiffened as he felt a feeling of wanting to touch Niya’s hands arrive as Niya looked at him in the eyes while holding up her hands. He kept his eyes staring at hers as his hands palms up without thinking met her hands touching her by the palms. He jerked as he felt something like an electrical charge of pleasure hit him as his hands touched Niya’s. He and Niya threaded fingers gripping each other. His eyes sight clouded up in whiteness then abruptly went clear as his and Niya’s hands let go of gripping each other. He gripped Niya in a hug as she embraced him head on his shoulder and then they let go of each other. He stared at Niya who took his gloves off the dresser and wordlessly handed them to him which he put on. He breathed through the tubes in his nose as she took his gloved hand and led him to the bottom bunk of the bunk bed and pushed him on it in a lying position. Eric held up his arms as she turned off the lamp on the dresser then lay on her side on top of him which he wrapped around her form. He closed his eyes as he heard Niya’s breathing become deeper and fell asleep.

Eric jerked his eyes open as light shined from a window in the room. He looked around with confusion seeing himself on a lower bunk bed and frown when he sensed his arms wrapped around a female form. He looked down at the female form with shock to see she was Niya who woke up to look at him as he stiffened staring at her. He kept on stiffening while releasing his hold around her as she got up with him darting up from the bed behind her to stare at her with a glaring expression of accusation. 
He stared at her with his expression the same which she spoke as if noticing his face's look “Eric, it’s alright. Don’t worry.” 
He frowned at her words and then left the room walking towards his bedroom which he entered. He went to the dresser placing the breathing device box on top and took off his pajama pants which he folded and placed in a drawer along with his gloves. Exhaling and inhaling air through the tubes in his nose he pulled out his underwear shorts which he put on clipping the device to it then pulled out the Sun Lord uniform which he placed on his form and bent to put on his boots. He rubbed a gloved hand through his hair and left the bedroom to see Jiang standing there watching him. He frowned as the Highlander handed him the Sun Lord mask which he put on. He saw Niya leave the other bedroom dressed in all brown outfit consisted of boots, pants, and a long sleeve top with furriness over the upper body area over it. He watched as she walked towards him then frowned as a pained look arrived on her face followed by her bending down groaning loudly hands on her form focused onto an area.
He heard Jiang speak in a hurried tone “Your Majesty, pick her up and follow me. We’re taking her to the hospital now.” 
Eric darted towards Niya and placed his arms on her lifting her up to carry her in his grip which he followed Jiang rushing out of the quarters followed by two Highlanders. He jogged after Jiang reaching an open elevator while hearing Niya groan held in his arms as he went inside. He tightened his hold on Niya as the elevator went down with a humming sound making him impatient while hearing her still groaning away. The elevator he felt stopped with a jerk to his relief showing the garage room where vehicles were sitting parked. He followed Jiang pass vehicles towards one that had a Highlander standing in front of it. The Highlander he saw opened the door to the vehicle entering it followed by himself carrying Niya with Jiang and two Highlanders. 
Once inside the vehicle he heard Jiang speak “Driver, call the hospital and tell them that we have a female suffering from apparent symptoms of Marisaki’s Syndrome.”
He sat as the vehicle rolled out of the building and lifted up in the air flying over the buildings of the city and reached a large helicopter landing pad of a large sized building and settled down on it. He saw males of the species Monarch with antennas on their heads and beady eyes with long blonde hair and pale skin wearing medical scrubs arrived wheeling a stretcher arrived from doors in the building. Eric got out holding Niya and darted towards them who reached him. He gently placed Niya down on the stretcher and watched as the medics ran away wheeling the bed entering the building in a hurry. Eric stood staring at the doors to the building with a frown on his face hidden by the mask he wore. He heard a loud wailing like siren noise that seemed familiar that made him grimace from the loudness seemingly hurting his ears and looked at Jiang staring at him as he felt the headache. 
The Highlander mentally spoke he heard in his head as the noise quit abruptly “That sound is the Guardian a towering building that gives of noises and lights dubbed the name Guardian for always alerting the city of a cold storm about to arrive. It’s best to stay indoors when the storm hits. So come with me inside.” 
He felt the headache leave him as he followed Jiang followed by Highlander guards into the hospital building to see a hallway with curtains on his right side. He saw a curtain swish aside showing a female Monarch wearing medical scrubs that seeing him swished the curtain behind her as she walked out to meet him and his guards. The female stared at him with a look on her face he figured was questioningly him on something. 
Eric heard Jiang speak using his voice speaking in foreign language while hearing a guard translate mentally “Says His Majesty is here because of his female needing medical attention. He expects doctor patient confidentially.” 
The nurse spoke in the same language while hearing a guard translate “Says I get it. Please excuse me, Your Majesty, while I find someone to bring you to a room to stay and wait for your female once the doctors are finished with their work on her.”
He watched as she went to a console on the wall on his left and picked up a device which he heard her speak in foreign language words undecipherable which she paused then spoke words again. Then he saw her pressed a button and heard her voice speak overhead from speakers in a loud tone still in the foreign language he hearing the words Trevor Kossman included. Eric looked at Jiang staring at him and felt the headache as the Highlander scanned him after she quit the broadcast. 
Eric mentally spoke “The nurse speaking in foreign language, what’s she’s saying before she broadcasted for my personal doctor using his name?”
He heard Jiang’s voice in his head speak “She’s alerting the hospital’s head doctor of your presence and the reason for the visit. The overhead broadcast is for Doctor Trevor Kossman, your personal doctor who is here in the hospital to come to this location. The hospital is aware of Doctor Kossman being your personal doctor but has kept that fact out of the public's knowledge keeping doctor patient confidentially oaths when it comes to medical issues.” 
Eric folded his arms as the headache left him as he saw the nurse lower the device onto the console then turned to face him while speaking in foreign language he hearing her words translated “Says please wait here till Doctor Kossman arrives.” 
He frowned lowering his arms as she left them walking towards a curtain swishing it aside and closed it behind her. Eric stood and waited seemingly lengthy as he saw double swinging doors at the end of the long hallway open revealing Trevor who walked towards them with a frown on his face. 
Trevor he saw reaching them spoke in Basic “Come with me.” 
He and the guards followed Trevor down the hallway to the swinging doors which the doctor held open revealing another hallway which ended with two hallways going in opposite directions. Eric and group walked down the hallway and went to the hallway to his left to see doors in the wall which they passed till they reached the end of the hallway showing three elevator doors in a row. Eric exhaled air as he saw Trevor pressed a button in the wall which got an elevator door open with a ding sound. He and the guards followed Trevor inside the large elevator and watched as the doctor pressed one of the buttons on the wall with foreign lettering symbols on them he unable to read. The elevator he felt went down with a loud humming sound then stopped to open showing a rugged hallway with doors on the sides that curved to the right. He followed Trevor out of the elevator into the hallway walking around the curve till they reached swinging doors that revealed a large room with open doors in the sides and saw people wearing medical scrubs walking in and out of the rooms. Eric frowned as one of the medical personal a female Monarch seeing them walked up to them. He heard Trevor speaking in a foreign language words not understood and not translated by the guards mentally and saw the Monarch nod her head. He frowned some more as Trevor followed the Monarch to an open doorway which lights turned on automatically illuminating the room which he saw had a one person sized bed with a door on the opposite wall near a corner with two cafeteria room like chairs besides it and facing the door to the room was a square window with a shade covering it with two armchairs in front of it. He entered the room seeing a flat screened TV monitor on the wall opposite from the bed he eyed as he was followed by his guards. He heard Trevor standing in the doorway continue to speak in a foreign language to the Monarch he ignored finding their words not translated for him. Eric went to the window as he heard the door gently close behind him. 
He heard Trevor speak in Basic from behind him “Your Majesty, please stay here while I find out about getting your female here.”
He turned around and watched as Trevor opened the door and left the room closing the door behind him. Eric turned towards the window and with a hand on it raised the shade looking out to see snow falling from the sky which abruptly stopped as the sun came out from hiding behind clouds. He looked at the view that showed buildings scattered in his eyes sight as he continued looking out the window. Eric rubbed a hand on his head through the mask material while feeling tiredness with his other hand. 
He lowered the shade and his hand then turned his head to stare at Jiang who scanned him as he mentally spoke “I’m tired I need to lie down, wake me if there’s any news.” 
He heard Jiang’s voice mentally speaking in his head “I will do that Your Majesty.” 
Eric went to the bed and lay down on it while fluffing the pillow with his gloved hands. He exhaled a breath through his mouth and wearily closed his eyes letting sleep over come him as he breathed through the tubes in his nose deeply. 

Chapter twelve
Eric woke up to feel pressure on his right arm along with his mind scanned. He opened his eyes to stare at Jiang whose hand was on his arm with a concerned look on his face. 
He stared at Jiang who mentally spoke “Your Majesty, your doctor reports that the Mistress is out of surgery from suffering from Marisaki’s Syndrome. She is currently sleeping off the drugs she was given to put her in an unconscious state. She will be brought here soon to recover from the operation. I thought I’ll let you know of this.” 
Eric felt Jiang remove his hand as he mentally spoke with the Highlander scanning his mind “I like the doctor to give me a report on what’s Marisaki’s Syndrome, I’ve been hearing, is.”
He heard Jiang mentally speak “I’ll let the doctor know about that, anything else Your Majesty?”
Eric mentally spoke “No.” 
He felt the headache leave him as he sat up from the bed while hearing a knocking sound and watched as one of the guards went to the door opening it. The guard Eric saw stepped aside opening the door some more admitting a bed with devices at the foot. He saw on the partly bent up bed in a leaning sitting up position as it entered the room pushed by a female Monarch was a female form, Niya he assumed. He saw her wearing a white barrel shaped Sun Lord mask covering her head and wearing a long sleeve hospital gown with a blanket up to her stomach. The female Monarch he saw twisted the bed sideways next to the bed he was sitting on then took a large arm sized scanner from the devices at the foot of the bed and waved it over Niya. He watched as the nurse he assumed was the Monarch's titled position fiddled with the device with a hand then placed it back on the devices at the foot of the bed and left the room followed by a Highlander guard who closed the door behind her. Eric got up and went to one of the cafeteria room like chairs, grabbing it and he went to place it next to Niya’s bed which he sat down. He frowned as he reached a gloved hand to grip Niya’s bare hand gently holding it as he watched her chest going up and down as she breathed. He frowned staring at Niya as he heard the door open and looked up to see Trevor walk into the room closing the door. 
Trevor spoke “Niya had an operation for Marisaki’s Syndrome officially named after Marisaki Jiang who actually died from it despite it not public knowledge. Unofficially she's the first female diagnosed with that medical condition. It's a female only medical condition of the body inside rejecting the organ called Life Giver that the female uses to carry offspring. Life Giver inside the female once rejected dies and the decay of the dead organ can spread to other organs which sometimes depending on how far along the decay is, results in death. There’s one option on saving the female’s life and preventing other organs from getting affected is an operation. It is the removal of Life Giver that saves her life but ties her and prevents her from baring any more offspring.”
Eric frowned as Trevor paused then continued speaking “Your female was operated on and her Life Giver organ appeared to be rejected from the looks of it and was removed so she’s tied and can’t bare any offsprings.” 
He heard a knocking sound on the door and saw Trevor open the door wide as a Monarch came in pushing a large open at the top crib on wheels which she set next to the bed Niya was lying on and then left the room. 
He stared at the crib as Trevor spoke “Take a look Your Majesty.” 
Eric let go of Niya’s hand and got up walking towards the crib. He peered inside to see two babies cocooned in separate colored blankets appearing to be asleep. 
He turned his head towards Trevor who spoke “My younger brother Rick who I believe you met fathered the twins, a male and a female with a female named Brianna who I know you also met.”
Eric frowned at the words feeling himself disgusted as Trevor kept speaking “As you know Rick and Brianna have some sort of sickness that causes them to not take in the planet’s air hence them contained at the local high school which has air they can breathe in. I would like you and Niya to raise the twins as your own offsprings.”
Eric looked away feeling disgust take hold firmly as he heard from Jiang in response "Actually I have someone in mind for raising the twins instead of having His Majesty do the job."
He heard from Trevor in response "Who do you have in mind anyway?"
Eric heard nothing from Jiang figured that the Highlander was mentally telling Trevor the candidates on who to raise the twins. He frowned as Trevor came into view and hauled the crib out of the room he hearing foreign language spoken from him words not translated. He frowned as Trevor came back into the room shutting the door.
Eric stared at Trevor again who spoke “Word got out that you're at the hospital by people seeing your vehicle flying at a fast speed and landing on the building. I heard all sorts of talk while doing my rounds and the head doctor has scheduled a press conference and assigned me to take it.”
He turned his head towards Trevor who continued talking “I will say this official story is that you found a female on Shadan, a survivor with no family of a storm that hit the isles as explanation to your abrupt departure after touring Shadan and viewing its damages. Your flying vehicle was seen some time ago in a fast speed going to the hospital after your official plane landed in Atlanta. It was around the time your predecessor detected poisoned by a Shadonian based poison found in his system after he collapsed from leaving the car. He nearly died from the poisoning with the help of the antidote but managed to survive with some side effect sickness that was terminal that actually killed him. I will use the excuse that your female wound up in a carrying status and birthed twins a male and a female I've shown you who were born around that time of that hospital stay.” 
Eric turned his head towards Jiang staring at him and felt the headache as he mentally spoke with the Highlander voicing his words “The Shadonia will not be fooled for I’m aware that they have publicity announced that they can detect lies.” 
Trevor spoke “Not to worry your majesty, I’m meeting the Shadonia’s leader High Lord Badian Hydeo and will discuss the situation with him on this lying bit which I know what will get him to agree to this talk actually.”
He stared at Trevor who added “Excuse me while I leave for I have duties to attend to.”
He watched as Trevor left the room gently closing the door behind him. 
Eric heard a moaning like sound from behind him and heard Jiang mentally speak “The Mistress is waking up from the drugs and will take a bit for her to focus.”
He went back to the chair next to Niya’s bed sitting down and gripped her hand as he saw her head shake shaking back and forth. He stared at Niya who raised a free hand towards her face touching the mask then watched as she lowered her hand and he felt his hand squeezed by her hand. 
He stared at her as he heard Jiang speak using his voice “Mistress you had an operation which Marisaki’s Syndrome was discovered affecting you and you are now tied.” 
Eric frowned as Jiang continued speaking “It’s alright."
He frowned as Jiang became silent he saw appearing to be staring at Niya before giving a head bob and then added while speaking loudly “Your Majesty’s personal doctor has told us that the hospital’s head doctor has scheduled a press conference to explain you and Your Majesty’s presence here after his vehicle was seen flying towards the hospital at a fast speed and landing here. The official story is that Your Majesty has found a female with no family on Shadan after it was hit by a storm to explain his abrupt departure from the isles. There was a previous visit to the hospital with his predecessor after he arrived from Shadan. The official excuse to be said publicity is that his female wound up in a carrying status and birthed twins actually descendants of the current Your Majesty himself via another family member's line. The unofficial reason is one of Your Majesty's titled predecessor actually was attacked by the High Lord’s guards and was assisted by the Valera the High Lord’s female in getting him out of Shadan after he retaliated against the High Lord himself by cutting the male's face with a knife. The High Lord had somehow poisoned him via needle syringe later found on his person. He later was found to be affected by the poison which his vehicle was seen flying towards the hospital that the antidote was giving to him. The side effects of the cured status by poisoning caused him some kind of deadly sickness that later killed him which the current Your Majesty wound up taking the title in his place. The official story is that he had you sent to the hospital for the birth of twins and you suffering from Marisaki’s Syndrome will be used as an excuse for Your Majesty’s multiple hospital visits due to that people have gotten suspicious and have spread all sorts of rumors involving his health actually.” 
Eric turned his head towards Niya to stare at her as he saw out of the corners’ of his eyes Jiang nodding his head repeatedly then he heard a knock on the door which a guard opened. 
He saw a female Monarch step into the room who spoke he hearing words translated by a guard “Says I thought I’ll let you know that the press conference is being aired on TV which will happen a few from now.” 
Eric turned his head towards the TV monitor on the wall as the Monarch left the room and saw a guard touch the screen with a hand which flicked to life showing a podium stand with a large set of microphones attached to it with a blue symbol on the white curtained background. He continued to watch as Trevor and the Shadonia's ruler the High Lord he assumed was the Shadonian stepped into view with light of lightening flashes onto them. 
The High Lord he saw walked up to the microphones and spoke in Basic “When detecting a lie, don’t confront without proof. I expect this from my people from now on.” 
He saw the High Lord stepped aside as Trevor walked up to the microphones and spoke in the twin language “Your Majesty, the Sun Lord has given me permission to tell you what I’m about to speak about. Your Majesty has found a female, the Mistress, with no family on Shadan, a survivor after the isles was hit by a storm during one of his tours. His abrupt departure from Shadan and his vehicle seen flying to the hospital was for her in a carrying status which she birthed twins."
Eric felt Niya again squeezed his hand as Trevor paused then continued speaking “As for Your Majesty’s vehicle seen recently again flying towards the hospital, well I regret to inform you but it was for the Mistress who was operated on for Marisaki’s Syndrome. It is a female medical condition of the body inside rejecting the organ called Life Giver that the female uses to carry offspring. Life Giver inside the female once rejected dies and the decay of the dead organ can spread to other organs which sometimes depending on how far along the decay is, results in death. There’s one option on saving the female’s life and preventing other organs from getting affected is an operation which is the removal of Life Giver that saves her life but ties her and prevents other offsprings from forming after its removal. There are symptoms for it which is terrible pain in the area where Life Giver is in the female indicating the rejection status which the pain levels hit at various rejection status states. Marisaki’s Syndrome can affect females only affecting them when they are full grown also hits those who haven’t born offspring and after boring offspring. It varies on when Marisaki’s Syndrome hits the female after she has born offspring.” 
Eric felt Niya’s other hand touch his hand gently rubbing and he turned his head towards her as Trevor on the monitor added speaking in foreign language seemingly lengthy he finding no one translating followed by the doctor speaking in Basic “Thank you for your time, no questions.” 
He heard the TV monitor click itself off as he continued to stare at Niya who raised her free hand towards his masked face touching the cheek area which he flinched jerking his head out of her hand. He narrowed his eyes with a glare and let go of Niya’s hand as he stood up from the chair to walk to the window which he yanked the shade up and stared out at the scenery while folding an arm. 
He heard the door open and heard a female voice spoke from behind him “High Lord Hydeo is requesting an audience with Your Majesty and he is very insistence. I’m here to take you to the room where you’ll meet him if you like.” 
Eric lowered his arms and walked towards the door ignoring Niya on the bed and walked out of the room following the female Monarch and Jiang sensed behind him. The group walked towards the double doors to the curved hallway to the elevator which went down and opened to show a blue walled wide hallway with brown doors at both sides. He followed the Monarch and Jiang getting in front of him to a door which the female knocked and then opened the door and stepped aside. Eric followed Jiang into the room while hearing the door close behind him to see a Shadonian from the TV monitor dressed in a dressy like robes and dress like clothing he assumed was the High Lord standing next to a desk with two twin Shadonians holding guns in their hands towering over the male. He assumed that they were the guards behind the High Lord with a window at his left side. 
He folded his arms with a glare on his face as the High Lord placed his seeing glasses on his face where a white line was seen on his cheek before speaking in Basic “I’m not happy having to lie for you after what you did to my face with my own knife cutting me there after quitting an attempt to knock me asleep. I’m disgusted and upset about this.” 
Eric turned his head towards Jiang looking at him and heard the Highlander speaking instead of mind scanning him for words “Says I arrived at Atlanta feeling sick and required a hospital visit where a broken syringe needle was found sticking in my wrist and was diagnosed as poisoned. I was given the antidote and have fully recovered from the poisoning.” 
He turned his head towards the High Lord who spoke “Hmph, payback appears I already got it.” 
Eric again turned his head towards Jiang and who spoke “Says yes you did.” 
He looked at the High Lord who spoke “I have a reason for the attack which I’ll explain is that cycles ago the Sun Lord visited Shadan. During the visit, the Sun Lord, I and Highlander speaker were walking in a forest weaving path while talking which I’m unsure of recalling what the discussion was about. Anyway while on the path we didn’t pay attention to where we were going while talking as a result tripped on a hidden tree root falling into a large prickly spine plant with thorns in it. The Sun Lord I noticed wound up with a visible limp while walking that stayed with him till he left to Americania.”
Eric frowned as the High Lord paused then continued “I saw you at your recent trip to Shadan walking without a limp and figured that there was something wrong for I had the plant’s thorns tested. It causes a medical condition that affects the body when stung can make them crippled where they are hit and there is no cure for it. I had my guards attack your guards in an attempt to knock you out just to get you examined by our doctors to find out about you walking normally.”
Eric looked at Jiang and who spoke “Says I do not want this getting out but I oath you to secrecy.” 
He heard the High Lord speak “You have it.”
Eric frowned while staring at Jiang who spoke “Says the limping Sun Lord you’re talking about has disappeared and I am his replacement. I apologize for the confusion you felt towards me.” 
He turned his head towards the High Lord who spoke “I get it your words but I admit I did get injured during the storm when an uprooted by wind flying tree branch smashed into the windows of my quarters where I was knocking me to the floor spraining my arm. I apologize for what I did to you along with the fact that you have my respects.” 
Eric nodded his head as the High Lord bowed a small bow then watched as the Shadonia left the room. He exhaled a breath through his mouth and then closed his mouth to breath through his nose. 
He looked at Jiang staring at him and mentally spoke after a lengthy stare while getting no explanation from the Highlander on his words who indicated on wanting an order from his silence “I want to go back to Niya.” 
He heard Jiang’s voice speaking in his mind “Follow me, I know where to go.” 
Eric followed Jiang out of the room walking down the hallway to the elevator which he saw the Highlander press one of the buttons in the wall and felt the elevator go up. The elevator he felt stopped and opened its doors at the familiar hallway which he walked out following Jiang towards the room where there was a Highlander in front of it. He saw the Highlander guard knock on the door in a code of three knocks he counted which opened and then he walked inside to see a curtain around Niya’s bed, the side facing the door. He walked around the bed to the other side to see the curtain was in a semi circle around it and saw Niya with mask off eating food and drinking from dishware on a tray on her lap. His stomach rumbled from the scene and he sat down on the chair next to Niya’s bed while taking off the mask which he placed next to Niya on the bed. He felt a tap on his shoulder and looked to see a guard who placed a tray filled with dishware of food and drink onto his lap. Exhaling air Eric grabbed the utensils and ate the food and drank taking his time. Once finished he lifted the tray off his lap and allowed a guard to take it as he saw another guard take Niya’s tray from her lap. Eric stared at Niya who smiled a small smile at him and he averted his eyes to stare at her hands folded on her lap. He frowned watching as one of her hands reached forwards which he gripped with his gloved hand and felt her squeeze it gently. He rubbed his forehead with his other hand and shook his head while feeling tiredness arrived within him. He moved his eyes to stare at Niya whose eyes were closed with her head back and appeared to be asleep. He gently released his hand from her grip and picked up the mask which he placed over his head as he got up from the chair. 
He looked at Jiang and mentally spoke as he felt the headache “Wake me if there’s news. I’m tired and I need to sleep.” 
Eric saw Jiang nod his head as he went to the bed and laid his form on it closing his eyes falling asleep. 

Chapter thirteen
Eric woke up to feel pressure on his arm and opened his eyes to stare at Trevor standing next to his bed hand on his arm. 
He raised a hand and touched Trevor’s hand touching his arm as the doctor spoke “Your Majesty, the Mistress is well enough to be sent home where I’m recommending she get bed rest to help her recovery efforts.” 
He sat up to stare at Jiang next to Trevor and mentally spoke “I get it your words, doctor.” 
He heard a door open sound and looked at his right to see a female form wearing a white Sun Lord mask while dressed in a black dress with a long white jacket over it having black gloves on her hands and black shoes on her feet and black tight like pants seen come walking stiffly out of the doorway. Eric got up from the bed as he stared at Niya wearing the Mistress uniform he assumed it was her from the mask on walk stiffly up to him. 
He heard Trevor from behind him speak “Your Majesty, if you can carry her places it’ll help her avoid walking in pain.” 
Eric exhaled a breath through his mouth and with his arms lifted her up. He felt Niya’s arms around his neck as he held her and he carried her towards Jiang who nodded his head as he followed the Highlander out of the room with guards following. He frowned as they took the same route to the vehicle sitting outside on the helicopter pad which he entered to sit still holding Niya who placed her head on the side of his face. Eric stiffened but continued to hold Niya as the vehicle lifted up in the air flying over buildings then landed next to a building where it rolled into a large opening. He saw out the window multiple sized vehicles scattered in the garage room and felt the vehicle come to a stop which he got out following Jiang. The group went to an elevator that went up and stopped with doors opening revealing a hallway with doors in the wall. He followed Jiang to a door where two Highlanders were standing in front of it, one opened seeing him. He walked inside the quarters and placed Niya on the couch before straightening up to walk to the windows to lean his form sideways on them staring out at the sun that was high in the sky.
He heard Jiang’s voice speak “Your Majesty, I request that the Mistress recover in your bed which I insist on.”
He frowned at the words then turned to face Jiang who was staring at Niya standing facing him. He frowned some more as Jiang nodded his head and saw Niya stiffly walk towards his bedroom walking inside gently closing the door behind her.
Eric stared at Jiang who turned his head towards him speaking “I insist that you sleep with the Mistress for she is your mate and shouldn’t be separated from her.”
He narrowed his eyes fisting his hands in his folded arm position as Jiang continued speaking “It is vital that you sleep with the Mistress and accept her as your mate whom I insist you do.”
He unfolded his arms and waved a fist as he felt Jiang scan his mind as he mentally spoke with an angry tone “Brianna is my mate and will always be for no one will take her place and Niya won’t do as her replacement.”
He felt Jiang leave his mind as he yanked off the mask and threw it on the table and stormed to the couch where he sat grabbing the remote from the table in front of him. With a touch of a button he turned on the TV monitors that came to life and flicked the images till he saw an overhead shot of Brianna sitting at a table alone eating food and drink from a tray in front of her.
His angry expression went away as he stared at her with a smile on his face and mentally thought to himself “You’ll do as Brianna’s replacement.”
He frowned as he saw students walking by Brianna bang their trays onto her head which she reacted looking at them with a glare. He narrowed his eyes of annoyance as he saw adults, teachers he assumed watching the situation but standing with arms folded and talking among themselves not doing anything towards Brianna having her head repeatedly banged by students' trays aimed at her from behind over and over. Eric glared at the scene as he saw Brianna shake her head getting up from the table carrying her tray to a wall where she placed it in a hole in the wall. He clicked the TV monitors following her leaving the cafeteria to the hallway which he followed her progress and bared his teeth as he saw her meet Rick alone in the hallway appearing to get together in a private lip lock meeting before breaking off to talk seemingly lengthy he not hearing anything from the TV monitors.
Eric thought to himself “I don’t care what you see in him for I want you for myself.”
He glared at the screen as he saw Brianna appeared to be talking to Rick as he saw a Highlander come from behind them. He stiffened as Rick jerked his head up hands on his head while seeing Brianna hug him. Eric jerked of shock as he saw the Highlander hit Brianna on the head hard repeatedly with a fisted hand. He felt anger as he saw Brianna slid off of Rick falling to the floor appearing to be knocked unconscious. He fisted a hand as he saw the Highlander punch Rick in the stomach several times unstopped before running away out of view as he kept the camera view onto the punched male still acting sick. He gripped the remote in his hand tighter as he saw Kenibians wearing uniforms and guns in holsters arrive with the Highlander who pointed at Rick with a glare on his face. Eric felt anger arrive as he saw Rick cuffed looking out of it and hauled away as he saw a Kenibian lift up Brianna carrying her still unconscious which he tracked to a familiar doorway and discovered no camera view to show the room she was carried in despite manipulation done. He saw the Kenibian walked out alone and walked out of camera view.
He angrily turned his head towards Jiang staring at him and felt the headache as he mentally spoke “Is the TV monitors recording the scenes I’m seeing?”
He heard Jiang speak in his head “Yes the TV monitors are set to record whatever scene you are viewing.”
Eric mentally spoke “I want the recordings of Brianna a victim of the attack by that Highlander and of the students mistreating her which teachers aren’t stopping be sent to the high school's leader I dub by the title of Principal to see that she is treated better and the students disciplined for their terrible behavior towards her right now.”
He saw Jiang nod his head and watched as the Highlander turn around to face a guard standing in front of the doorway to stare that nodded his head then left the room. Eric with the remote turned off the TV monitors and got up from the couch to stare at the windows. He watched as the sky became night and he shook his head grimacing.
He heard Jiang speak using voice behind him “Its night time, go to bed Your Majesty. I insist that you sleep with the Mistress whether you accept her as your mate or not.”
Eric grimaced and went to the bedroom opening the door which he walked inside closing the door behind him. He stared at an unmasked Niya lying in bed appearing to be wearing her nightgown with her bare arms out and saw her eyes open to look at him with a joyful expression in her eyes. Eric averted his eyes as he went to the dresser on his side of the bed and began yanking off his clothes while seeing out of the corners of his eyes her watching him. He heard her gasp a sound as he bared himself taking off his underwear shorts which he put away in a drawer with his Sun Lord uniform. He frowned as he yanked open a drawer taking out his gloves which he placed on his hands and yanked out his pajama pants which he put on his form then he turned towards the bed to face her. He could see a hint of a smile on her face as he turned off the lamp putting the room in darkness. He saw her turn to her side to face him as he got in the bed. Eric felt Niya’s hands on his arm which he with a jerk stiffened at the touch. He grabbed her hands and yanked them off his arm then twisted till his back was facing Niya and stiffened jerking as he again felt her hands on his back in some rubbing movement. 
He heard her speak “You’ll accept me, Eric.”
He thought to himself “I don’t think so.”
Eric closed his eyes and fell asleep falling unconscious.

Eric woke up sensing sunlight shining into the room onto him by the open window shade. He jerked himself awake with shock to discover he was spoon fashioning Niya with his arms around her as she lay on her side. He with a fast motion jerked his arms off of Niya and sprang from the bed to stand as she sat up to twist staring at him with a frown on her face. He ignored her and went to the window to spot a Human eyeball like plant peering from outside on the window ledge which he gave a glare and yanked the window shade shut only to find the thing opening itself and kept on doing the opening despite manipulated shut. 
He felt annoyance take hold as he heard "I would quit doing that if I were you. That plant seen is dubbed Waker by the natives of Atlanta for habitually getting sunlight shining onto sleeping people even if it involves manipulating window coverings to open for that to happen."
Eric grimaced hearing Niya's voice spoken behind him ignored the window shade to go to the dresser. He yanked the device off his pajama pants and placed it onto the dresser as he took off his pajama pants. He could see out of the corners of his eyes Niya get up from the bed to stand in front of a dresser yanking off her nightgown baring her body. He averted his eyes away to stare at the dresser as he put away his pajama pants and yanked out his clothes which he put on while clipping the device on. He stood staring at the dresser and inhaling and exhaling air through his nose. He felt a hand on his shoulder and stiffened as he turned his head to stare at Niya whose hair was covered by a black hood. Her hands he saw were covered in black gloves. He stared at Niya as she let go of his shoulder as she walked to stand in front of him and he backed up when her hands touched his chest.
Niya spoke “Eric please we may not get to mate but show kindness towards me as I will do the same.”
Eric’s eyes narrowed as she stared at him with pleading in her eyes. He backed up again when her hands again touched his chest.
Niya added “Eric, please.”
He heard the begging tone in her voice and he signed with his gloved hands “No other but Brianna will touch me.”
He gave Niya a glare and left the room slamming the door with anger on his face. He stormed towards the table where food was set on two trays sitting next to each other and grabbed a tray. He moved the tray and sat at the head of the table eating and drinking. He looked up to see Niya looking upset he didn't care about it to walk to the table to sit at the other end in front of her tray of food. Eric finished with his food went to the TV grabbing the remote. He sat down and flicked the screens with the remote clicking through views. He exhaled air when he saw Brianna sitting in a room with other student races sitting at desks. He flicked the large TV monitor on and with a click of the remote flicked Brianna onto the screen. He stared at the monitor and clicked the remote as the camera view went closer showing a close up of her face. Eric sensed the couch pads move and saw out of the corners of his eyes Niya sitting next to him.
He jerked his arm as he felt her place a hand on there and looked at Niya with a glare as he signed “Don’t touch me.”
He gave her a glare as she removed her hand and turned his attention back to the TV monitors. Eric sensed Niya get up from the couch and walk away as he got up to walk to the large TV monitor. He stood in front of it and brought a gloved hand to touch the screen showing a close up of Brianna’s moving face.
His hand stroked the screen as he stared at Brianna’s face while thinking “Brianna, I miss you. I want to be with you again. I don’t care I’ll find a way to join you.”
He felt a headache and closed his eyes letting his mind become blank as he heard Jiang’s voice in his mind speak “The world knows Niya by the title as The Mistress, your mate. Your required to show affection to her whenever your out there for keeping your image as Sun Lord.”
Eric mentally spoke “Fine.”
He opened his eyes as Jiang spoke via his mind “You’re required to show yourself as Sun Lord along with The Mistress and the twins to the people who would like to see this as publicity oath we would do. We’re doing that today at this time right now.”
He stared at the TV monitor then with a click of a button on the remote the screen went blank along with the other TV's monitors. Exhaling air he turned around to face a frowning Niya standing next to Jiang with a glare on his face. Eric went to the couch's table and placed the remote down as Jiang he saw handed Niya her white colored barrel shaped Sun Lord like head cover mask which she put on. He walked to Jiang who gave him his mask which he put on. Eric frowned as he felt Niya’s hand gripped his hand as he and her followed Jiang out of the apartment to an elevator that went down and opened to a large hallway with open doorways at the end that led to a balcony. He breathed through the tubes in his nostrils breathing deeply as he and Niya entered the doorway following Jiang out who backed aside and gestured for him to stand on the balcony. He heard a crowd cheer as he saw spread out down below was a vast group of people of different races still surrounding a large square pool with trees scattered around them who were clapping and cheering their cries. Eric stared at the crowd as he brought Niya's hand to his chest on Jiang's mental order and held it there seemingly lengthy. He sensed a female Highlander standing next to him holding a baby a male he assumed due to wrapped in blue blankets. He took him from the Highlander’s arms and held him up as the crowd cheered some more then settled the baby on his left arm. He glanced at Niya besides him take a wrapped in pink blankets baby a female he assumed on the gender from another female Highlander’s arms and held her up. The crowd he heard cheered loudly as he saw Niya lower the female offspring and settled the baby on her right arm.
Eric felt the headache and heard Jiang’s familiar voice speaking in his mind “Take her hand and raise it up.”
He felt the headache leave him as he took her left hand with his right hand and raised it up which got the crowd to cheer even louder. He lowered their hands and felt Niya’s grip on his hand tightened its hold as they stood lengthy hearing the crowd cheering loudly.

Chapter fourteen
Eric stood in his bedroom in his pajama pants as Niya he saw keeping his eyes cornered to watch her came out of the bathroom holding her folded clothes. He fingered the necklace with his gloved hand as she went to the dresser putting away the clothes inside it and saw her pick something up from inside a drawer. He averted his gaze to stare at the floor as she was sensed went to stand in front of him and placed her hand on his chest right over his beating heart on the left side. Eric stiffened feeling currents of pleasure running through out him from her hand touching his chest. He felt her arm appearing to be muscular like in feminine tones he glanced went around him as one of her hands went to his shoulder as she leaned forward hugging him. He stiffened some more when her hand on his shoulder moved touching him on the neck where the necklace was. He jerked grabbing Niya and yanked her from himself backing up with anger on his face.
Niya spoke “Eric, stop clinging to her, move on.”
He angrily signed “I’ll move on when I’m ready but not now.”
He stiffened as her hands grabbed his gloved hand and felt a square box placed in it.
She spoke “When you’re ready, place the necklace in the box for safe keeping.”
He stared at the small white box in his hand as she went to the bed turning off the lamp and got in pulling the blankets over herself. With a glare he went to the dresser next to the door entrance to the bedroom and slammed the box on top of it then stormed to the bed yanking the blankets ignoring yanking them off Niya who stared at him with pleading. He got into the bed still ignoring Niya and yanked the blankets up to his chest and turned off the lamp plunging the room in darkness. He closed his eyes after seeing the room with night vision and eyeing Niya warily who made no move to touch him while lying on her side facing him with the blankets adjusted for her height she shorter than him. He found himself passing out unconscious.

Eric opened his eyes to stare at the ceiling with night vision with a dream running in his head. He sucked the air through the tubes of the device in his nostrils, attached to his pajama pants. Niya lay on her side facing him with her eyes closed sleeping with blankets up to her shoulder. He removed the blankets off of his bare chest and form ignoring them manipulated off Niya who kept on slumbering then got up to pace barefoot with arms folded hands still in their familiar gloves. With a frown he stared at a sleeping Niya he assumed was passed out and remembered his dream. In the dream he was walking on the land deck with Brianna next to him. He reached a hand towards her who stopped walking to turn facing him with a frown on her face.
She spoke “Eric, you can move on.”
He spoke “Move on? Not when I have you.”
Brianna he saw reached a hand and touched his cheek then she spoke “I want to see you happy with a mate to be with and not alone in unhappiness.”
Eric stared at her as she turned her head towards the edge of the land deck and continued speaking “I’m not alone the others are there with me.”
He turned his head towards the direction she was looking to see his family that lived on the ship with him floating in a row watching him with serious looks on their faces. He stiffened when he saw his Father, Kossman floating among them watching him.
Eric felt his face turned to face Brianna’s by her hand as she spoke “I sent her to you to be with you as long as you live.”
He stared at her with shock as he felt a hand touch his hand and looked at his left to see Niya with a pleasant look on her face staring at him.
He turned his head to look at Brianna who added “I will be with you in spirit and not physically but watching you always as the others will. Move on with Niya, Eric, she’ll be with you at your side as yours forever.”
Eric felt Niya put a hand on his arm pulling him as Brianna backed up walking towards the edge of the land deck. He kept his eyes on Brianna who turned and walked off the land deck to float among the others who held up one of their hands waving. Then they were surrounded by a ball of light and disappeared from his eyes sight.

Eric shook his head of remembering the dream and continued to stare at Niya lying on the bed. He brought his hand towards his neck where Brianna’s necklace was felt. With an exhale of breath he reached another hand and adjusted the necklace till he felt for the clasp and unclasped it. Eric walked towards the dresser on the opposite wall from the bed next to the bedroom door where a small box was seen sitting on top. He opened the box taking off the cover with a hand and placed the necklace inside and recovered the box. With a frown he lowered his hands staring at the box and then turned walking towards the bed which he got in pulling the blankets over him including adjusting them to cover Niya. He turned to his side as Niya abruptly adjusted herself to lie on her back with her eyes closed still asleep he figuring out that she was awake with eyes shut just to get rest. He stared at Niya then took off a glove baring his left hand. He put the glove in his other hand as he gently touched Niya’s cheek with his bare knuckle rubbing. Eric felt currents of pleasure run through out him as Niya’s face pushed into his rubbing knuckle as he leaned over moving his face closer towards hers. He put his bare hand on her other cheek palm touching it and lowered his face mouth touching hers in a kiss. He felt the jolt of pleasure currents running through out him get more intense and closed his eyes as he sensed her kissing him back followed by her hands touching his face rubbing his cheeks. Eric broke off the kiss opening his eyes to stare at Niya’s confused open eyes unseeing him in the darkness.
Niya spoke with confusion in her voice he heard “Eric?”
He turned onto his side putting on his glove as she released his hold on his face. With an exhale of breath he pulled Niya towards him with her facing him as he wrapped his arms around her and settled his chin on her forehead. He felt her hands touch his chest and sensed one of them travel upwards touching his neck feeling for the necklace he ignored her touching him.
He heard Niya speak “Eric, are you alright?”
Eric took one of her hands with his hands and finger spelled words with her hand “I’m alright, Niya.”
He heard nothing else commented from Niya shut his eyes falling asleep passing out unconscious. 

Chapter fifteen
Eric wearing the mask and Sun Lord uniform sat in the vehicle lost in thought staring out the window as it flew towards the city’s high school. The sun was shining its rays from being low on the horizon slowly going down. He recalled Jiang telling him that a Nurse Marina from the high school had called to say that Rick and Brianna are very sick and might die and wanted to talk to him in private. He stared at the scenery with a frown as the vehicle landed on the parking lot in front of the school entrance. Eric got out with his guards and walked inside meeting a Kenibian wearing a uniform with a gun weapon included who had a grim look on his face. The group went to the high school’s infirmary to meet Nurse Marina he assumed was her a Monarch coming out of a doorway with a frown on her face.
Eric stood watching her as she spoke stepping away from the doorway jabbing a finger towards a door “Their in here.”
He went to the door as indicated sensing himself followed by Jiang and went inside the small room with a window on his left with the Highlander behind him closing the door. He wearing the mask frowned seeing Rick lying on the bed with Brianna lying on top of him on her side. He saw them both turn their heads to look at him with sad looks on their faces and their lips were a pale white color.
Rick spoke in a weak voice “Your Majesty, show us your face.”
Eric went to kneel next to the bed and took off his mask showing his face.
Rick held up a gloved hand which Eric gripped as he continued “Trevor, my older brother told us that our children are being raised by you who'll teach them about us. He also mentioned who you are and your loss of a female who looks like Brianna herself.”
He stiffened at the words as Brianna laid a hand on his holding Rick’s hand and she spoke in a weak voice “I’m sorry I could not be a mate to you despite looking like your Brianna.”
Rick spoke “I thank you for caring about Brianna to watch her and protect her for me.”
Eric stared at Rick who let go of his hand and placed a locket in the palm and closed his hand in a fist over it with his other hand.
Rick coughed as Brianna coughed then he added “Eric, I know your hurt by the loss of your Brianna but please move on with Niya who will be there for you. Give our daughter the locket when she’s old enough and tell our children about us when their grown. Go now and be with your female who’ll stay with you always.”
Eric stood up and placed the mask back on his head and left the room followed by Jiang. He saw Trevor and an identical to the doctor’s height male with Surrai Kurpanov’s facial features with brown eyes and short spiky blonde hair wearing medical scrubs he assumed was Creve, Trevor's twin brother standing in the infirmary besides Nurse Marina all three with sad looks on their faces. He walked to Trevor and reached a hand to touch the male on the shoulder gripping it who bowed his head as he saw tears spilling from his eyes then let go to walk out of the room. Eric left the school to the vehicle which flew in the air flying towards his home. He sat staring at the locket held in his gloved hand and opened it to stare at two pictures inside it. One was a head shot of himself with a nasty look on his face and teeth were bared and the other was a head shot of Brianna with a far away look on her face with lips in a small smile. Frowning he closed the locket to look at Jiang sitting next to him staring at him and he felt the headache as the Highlander scanned his mind.
Eric mentally spoke “See that Niya meets us at the headquarters. I want to take her to Brianna.”
He saw Jiang nod his head and heard the Highlander speak using his voice “Driver, call headquarters to tell the Mistress to meet us there.”
He turned his head to stare out the window and placed the locket in a zippered pocket inside his jacket zipping it shut. The vehicle went and reached headquarters rolling inside the building to park. Eric got out and walked to the elevator where Niya stood in front wearing her white head cover mask and Mistress uniform on her form. He went to the elevator and got inside followed by Niya and four Highlander guards, Jiang and a male along with two females. He frowned feeling the elevator went down and then stopped to open showing the hallway where the metal door stood with the shield devices on both ends. Eric walked out followed by Niya and two guards, Jiang and a female. Reaching the shield he yanked his glove and pulled it off along with the attached sleeve taking off part of his jacket baring his clawed hand and stuck it in the shield which turned off as the door slid open. He placed his hand back in the sleeve and glove as he and Niya walked inside the vast room he hearing no sounds from Niya to seeing the area. Eric yanked off his head cover mask and handed it to Jiang while walking towards the coffin where Brianna lay on a platform with a shiny staff next to it. He saw out of the corners of his eyes Niya taking off her mask which she handed to the female Highlander as she walked besides him. He reached Brianna’s coffin and stood next to it staring at her lying inside it with Niya standing sensed watching besides him.
Eric signed with his hands as he looked at Niya looking at him “This is my sweet Brianna who I love with my life.”
He lowered his hands and bowed his head as tears came to his eyes. He felt his knees becoming weak and kneeled shaking visibly. In front of him Niya kneeled and gently pulled his form towards her with her gloved hands as he wrapped his arms around her. He put his face on her shoulder while shaking some more as tears flowed. Eric felt Niya’s hands rubbing his upper back and his head. 
He heard her speaking words understood “It’s alright Eric, let go of the pain. I’m here to help you heal. I’m not going anywhere.”
He cried and cried until the tears stopped as Niya kept her hands on him gently holding him. He pushed himself from Niya and wiped his eyes with his gloved hands then stood up as she stood up. Exhaling air he turned his head to stare at Brianna lying in the coffin as Niya stood next to him touching his arm with her hand. Eric exhaled again and then he walked away from the coffin with Niya besides him. He reached Jiang who handed him his mask which he put on as Niya out of the corners of his eyes was handed her mask which she put on. Eric walked out of the room followed by Niya and the Highlanders to the hallway to the open elevator that went up to the desired floor where the group got out. He walked down the hallway and reached his quarters where a female Highlander standing in front of it opened the door admitting him inside with Niya. Inside he could see the darkness of night outside through the windows and went to the spare bedroom as if drawn. He slowly opened the door to peer in the room with night vision to see a large crib in the corner next to the bunk bed with two bundled forms peeking through the open slits he figuring held Rick and Brianna's twins he finding himself not complaining on saddled to raise them. Eric slowly closed the door and went to his bedroom shared with Niya. Inside he changed out of the clothes and underwear as he saw Niya go to the dresser next to the bed and take out her nightgown. He watched her walk into the bathroom closing the door behind her. He while holding the breathing device on his arm took out the locket from the jacket placing it on the dresser next to the bedroom door. He picked up his clothes from the floor went to the dresser besides the bed and put away his clothes folding them in a drawer as he placed the device on top of the dresser. Frowning he stared at the bathroom door then turned his head to stare at the second drawer of the dresser which he pulled opened. His pajama pants and bathrobe sat folded inside along with his gloves. Eric took out the gloves putting them on his hands then he laid a hand on his pajama pants.
He felt a headache followed by Merra’s feminine voice speaking “Eric, let go and release Brianna who I sense is undecided on whether to go with the others or stay in between. She tells me she won’t move on unless you’re happy with Niya. Your happiness is all that matters to her.”
He removed his hand from the pajama pants and closed the drawer as the headache stopped as Merra left his mind. He took the device went to the bed and got in pulling the blankets and sat up in a sitting position. He leaned to turn off the lamp on the dresser on his side of the bed as he placed the device in the space between the bed’s two pillows. He in a leaning sitting position against the pillow leaning on the headboard waited as Niya with long brown hair sprayed down her back, clad in her nightgown left the bathroom carrying her folded clothes in her arms. Eric felt the familiar urge to mate come as he watched as she went to the dresser with a lighted lamp on it next to her side of the bed and put away her clothes.
He exhaled air through his mouth as she looked at him with a frown and he signed “Take off your nightgown. I desire to mate with you.”
Niya spoke using her voice “You sure about this?”
He signed repeating his words and stared at her in the eyes with determination on his face. Eric kept his eyes on Niya as she took of the nightgown revealing her naked form with a bit of feminine muscles on her form focused on her arms, on her front below her breasts and upper legs as he felt himself get more interested to mate. He lay down as Niya turned off the lamp and he with night vision watched as she got in the bed pulling the blankets over her. With an exhale of a breath through his mouth Eric moved himself on top of Niya whose hands touched his shoulders gently rubbing as her legs parted went to settle besides his sides. His hands went to her sides thumbs rubbing her as he felt the urge to mate get stronger running through out him. He felt no barriers blocking the way as he entered her with his sensitive part thrusting in rhythm with her meeting his thrusts as he felt charges of pleasure hitting him each time he entered her. He felt himself shaking feeling an intense charge of pleasure arrived while hearing her gasp out a moan as he spilled himself inside her. Eric rubbed his chin on Niya’s forehead as he breathed through the tubes in his nostrils deeply. He kept himself on top of Niya imbedded inside her while feeling her hands rubbing through his hair as her legs moved to the back of his legs pressing on them while holding him in place.
He heard Niya speak “My sweet Eric.”
Eric stiffened at the words as Niya continued speaking “I was a child learning to speak when my parents Yevgeny and Valeria Visser were old worn down in life told me of their life living at the water ship, your home, and of you. I became fascinated trying to learn everything I could about you as I slowly grew up outliving many members of my family and their descendants who grew old and passed. I lived in a Human colony nearby the city of Atlanta called Hartford and attended school there. One sun suns ago I heard of a Human female teacher named Anna Kossman with unusual hair color of the sunset that was teaching at the Human school. It was rumored that she was a descendant of you so I went to see her when school was out for the day. I asked her if she knew anything about you. She told me to go to Atlanta to seek the Sun Lord and ask him about you for it’s said he knows many things. She even hinted that the Sun Lord would answer my questions period.”
Eric frowned as Niya paused then added “I went to Atlanta to the Sun Lord’s headquarters where I detected the Highlander guards scanning my mind and I heard them ask me in my mind what my purpose was. I told them of you and my interest of learning more information on acquiring you as my mate. They brought me to your quarters where I saw you wearing the Sun Lord uniform without the mask on sitting on the couch staring at the TV monitors watching a female. I was told the female was a high school student named Brianna who looked like your Brianna you lost. I could tell that you wanted Brianna and wasn’t over your loss of her but was resigned to the fact that you couldn’t have her. I did my best to be patient waiting for you to let go and accept me and it appears you have.”
Eric stared at Niya as her mouth kiss his mouth as he sensed her hands went to his upper back gently rubbing as her legs released their hold around his legs. He pulled out of Niya and lay on his right side as she turned to her left side putting her hands on his muscular chest gently rubbing. He placed his muscular arms around her as his chin rubbed her forehead and heard her breathing get deeper as he sensed her fallen asleep. Eric breathed deeply through the tubes in his nostrils as a small smile came to his lips and he closed his eyes.

Eric dreamed he was standing on the land deck with Brianna a foot away standing in front of him staring with a frown on her face. He could see his family from the ship standing in a row floating behind her off the edge of the land deck. He felt a hand touch his shoulder and looked to see Niya standing next to him as he looked back at Brianna. 
He spoke “Goodbye, Brianna.”
Brianna, he saw, nodded her head and turned around walking towards the others floating off the land deck. He saw smiles appear on their faces as Brianna walked off the land deck to float among them as they disappeared fading away.

Eric opened his eyes in the darkness of the room seeing the contents with night vision. He twisted to lie on his back and pulled a sleeping Niya on top of him on her side while holding her with his arms.
He stared at the ceiling then a smile came to his lips as he thought “At least I made Brianna happy with accepting Niya for her to move on. I still want Brianna but I'll will accept Niya as her replacement.”
Eric closed his eyes passing out unconscious.

Chapter sixteen
Eric breathe through the tubes in his nose while wearing the head cover mask on, sat in a semi large room behind a glass see through piece of furniture slab he figured was a desk with tall as the walls windows on his left and behind him with curtains while watching the door to the room. He exhaled a breath through his mouth recalling being told in the morning that Rick and Brianna passed away from their sicknesses that made him feel sad hearing it. He frowned recalling Jiang telling him of a new species dubbed Rakcar that came from the sky in some plant shaped sky ship that was seen landing into the forest a few distance from the city near the dome area. The Rakcar according to Jiang he recalling have contacted the city's inhabitants through a Drainer escort translating their talk have requested to meet the planet's ruler. Eric recalling had found himself compelled to agree which he went to his office wearing his head cover mask alone with Jiang waiting with Niya in their quarters watching via TV monitors. He eyed the doors which opened as a guard walked into the room followed by a figure he recognized as a Drainer. The two were followed by a figure dressed in metal grey clothing with pale green scaly skin with a round domed head with no ears with a Human like face that had large yellow eyes that seemed pale. 
The three walked up to the desk and stood as the guard spoke in Basic “This is Gedok of the species Rakcar who came from the sky and his translator Jimo of the species called Drinker.”
He saw the Drainer turn sideways as the Rakcar looked at him speaking foreign language. 
The Highlander continued speaking “I told them your way of communicating which they get it.” 
Eric looked at Jiang standing sideways at the desk that nodded his head and then looked at the Rakcar who turned his head to stare at him with blinking yellow non human eyes. 
Gedok spoke words said by Jimo “Says I’m told by your Highlander companion you’re the ruler of this planet called Terrania.” 
Eric looked again at Jiang as he felt the headache and mentally spoke as the Highlander voiced the words while hearing Jimo speaking foreign language “I am like the Highlander said the ruler of this planet Terrania and my title is Sun Lord. What is your purpose of your visit?”
Eric turned his head facing Gedok as the Rakcar spoke words translated by Jimo “Says to annex your planet as Rakcaran territory. Don’t even think of resisting for my people are vast in number and our technology is far advanced than yours.” 
He heard a voice sounding familiar speaking in his mind “The Rakcar has enemies who are talking to you in your mind which the Highlander can’t hear me speak to you. Raise your hand, elbow on the desk slowly and fist your hand fast.” 
Eric obeyed as if compelled raising his gloved hand, elbow on the desk as Gedok paused to laugh some sound then he quickly fisted his hand as the Rakcar’s mouth turned into a frown with eyes staring.
He heard the voice speak again sounding of his Father's to him “Repeat what I say to the Highlander.”
He turned his head towards Jiang feeling the headache and mentally repeated the words as Jiang spoke them, translated in the Rakcar’s language by the Drainer to Gedok “Let me warn you, Rakcar, that there species out there some hidden watching, angry at what you and your kind has done. They are working in secret preparing for the day when they will be revealed. They consider your kind, Rakcar, their enemy and will let nothing get in their way to stopping you from doing destruction to planetary worlds.”
Eric turned his head away from Jiang to stare at Gedok who folded his arms speaking words said by Jimo “Says you’re just saying that to get me and my kind to leave.” 
He again turned his head towards Jiang and mentally spoke “You’re right on that.”
He saw out of the corners of his eyes as he paused, Gedok looking at the Drainer slowly lower his arms and blinking his eyes.
Eric continued “Tell me Gedok, what do you want?”
He again saw out of the corners of his eyes Gedok who turned his scaly round domed head towards him with blinking eyes and the Rakcar spoke words which Jimo translated “Says why are you asking me this question?”
Eric mentally spoke “If war is what you want then I’ll have to tell you to leave but if you’re here for peace you may stay.”
He paused noticing Gedok who was staring at the Drainer bring a black gloved hand to his arm rubbing it where a shiny oval object was seen attached to the sleeve.
He added “Gedok, what does the Rakcar really want the most in their goal to achieve despite your kind annexing worlds and causing planetary destruction?”
He heard the Rakcar speak foreign words and faded from sight as Jimo spoke “Says that’s none of your business.”
Eric looked at Jimo who spoke again as the door to the room opened and closed with a slam “I, the Drinker, request to go back to the Rakcar’s ship.”
He stiffened as a figure with a Sun Lord like mask on the head in black scaly like clothing appearing to mold to the body’s form appeared from an apparent hidden state with a long sword in Human like left hand thrust it at Jimo’s neck who groaned loudly speaking “Mesan’s Curse lives.”
He stared at the figure who spoke in a male guttural voice understanding his words “Your right, Mesan’s Curse lives and so do our allies. Will Your Majesty the Sun Lord care to show his face?”
Eric stiffened with shock recognizing the voice as his Father speaking from the figure as he reached with both hands to take off his head cover mask baring his face.
Jimo he heard exclaimed “Asp, no!”
Eric watched as the figure pulled out a small shiny crystal like object from the sleeve of his left wrist putting it in Jimo’s hand and speak “You will give this to the Rakcar and make sure that they watch the contents if you want to live to see another day.”
Jimo he saw nodded his head as the figure moved in a blurring fast speed towards the door opening it as the Drainer turned and walked towards the door walking out of the room. Eric stared at the figure that closed the door and slowly walked towards him till standing in front of the desk.
The figure spoke “Mesan’s Curse is a Rakcaran name for the walking dead describing our species but our name is Zeskaya.”
The Zeskaya he saw with a flick of his left hand the sword slid back into his sleeve. 
He stared at the Zeskaya who continued “My people thank you, Eric, for sacrificing your home, the water ship, the Zeskaya which gave us a name to call us all, sinking it under water hitting the cliff wall where we were trapped in a cave fighting each other, forming a hole for us to leave.”
He frowned as the figure reached with hands and pulled off the head cover like mask revealing his face. Eric widened his golden eyes of shock seeing short red orange hair surrounding his Father’s face bare of a mustache and a beard with identical golden eyes that stared back at him with kindness.
He shook his head blinking his eyes staring at the Zeskaya who added “I know you as Eric and you know me as your Father, Andrew Kossman. I’ll tell you this. The water ship called the Zeskaya as it sank like I said hit the cliff wall where we were trapped in a cave behind it causing a hole and settled on the ocean floor nearby. My people after they got out into the water saw the ship and went inside it at the insisting of Merra. Merra guided us to your Father lying in a tube, dead, had a part of him taken, with her help, created me with clear memories of life on the Zeskaya as himself. With my memories we accessed the files and learned things about you and the others involved in your life. We asked Merra about you who told us that you live as the Sun Lord, ruler of this world called Terrania.”
He lowered his head to stare at the mask sitting on his lap held by his gloved hands as the Zeskaya spoke “Your Father I sense would be proud of you.”
Eric raised his head to look at the Zeskaya in the eyes who smiled a smile and held out one of his hands towards him. Exhaling air through his mouth he reached over the desk and clasped the Zeskaya’s hand with his gloved hand and inhaled air through the tubes in his nostrils as his eyes clouded up showing a scene. The scene he saw was numerous Zeskayas wearing identical clothing as the Zeskaya in male and female forms with Sun Lord like masks on, in a large cave attacking the dirt walls with their swords not causing much damage. Some of them he saw were fighting each other with swords and fists. The cave shook shaking violently as Zeskayas stumbled falling towards the ground as water burst like a dam through a crack in a wall that became a large hole as a large white object appeared bursting through the hole. The object Eric assumed was part of the water ship which reverted sliding backwards leaving water pouring into the cave as it left the opening. The view changed to show peering through the hole was a large massive object he assumed was the water ship sliding down towards the ocean's floor which its sliding halted by spilling up clouds of dirt that floated in the water as it hit the ground. Then the scene continued showing a Zeskaya’s eye point of view with his eyes sight while swimming with other Zeskayas out of the hole down towards the ship to one of the outer decks entering a doorway with air still in it, walking a maze of hallways and stairs till reaching a stairwell and going down to see a door in the wall. Eric recognized the door as the one leading to a cryogenic tube room for where his Father's body was kept. Eric watched as the view showed the Zeskaya with two others entering the room and one of them pressing a hand on a lighted monitor revealing a tube with his Father lying inside it. Then showed a second Zeskaya walked further into the room touching a monitor revealing a shattered tube with an axe inside it. The Zeskaya picked up the axe and walked to his Father’s tube bringing down on the glass which shattered forming a large hole. The view showed a sword appearing from the point of view’s Zeskaya which reached in the large hole and grabbed a handful of his Father’s hair on top of his head cutting it off with the sword. Eric blinked his eyes as the scene changed to show a large room with empty vertical tubes jutting from the floor with wires attached to them in the ceiling. He could see a number of Zeskayas were standing around a tube where a figure was floating inside it he recognized as the Zeskaya with his Father’s face, eyes closed wearing Zeskaya clothing and a sword in his left hand. The view changed show an overhead view of a camera recorder watching two Zeskayas in an area he recognized as his sleeping quarters on the ship riffling through the dressers besides the bed. One of them reached the last drawer yanking it open to pause from movement and yanked out a folder he assumed was a file running out of the room followed by a Zeskaya. The view shifted towards a Zeskaya’s point of view of running into the cafeteria where the Zeskaya with his Father’s face sat sitting in a chair facing the windows showing darkness behind them while surrounded by Zeskayas.
The file was tossed onto the table in front of the Zeskaya with his Father’s face who slowly opened it and held up the picture head shot Eric saw was of himself while speaking words he understood “Its Eric the son I was talking about that I have in my mind.”

Eric felt a headache as the scene went away and he closed his eyes shaking his head.
He sensed a hand on his shoulder and heard Jiang speaking “Your Majesty, are you alright?”
He felt the pain in his head go away and opened his eyes to stare at the Zeskaya who was still gripping his hand with a serious look on his face.
Eric heard Jiang speak again with concern in his voice as his hand left his shoulder “Your Majesty?”
He turned his head towards Jiang and felt the headache of his mind scanned as he mentally spoke “I’m alright. The Zeskaya was showing me what happened to them and his creation.”
He looked away from Jiang to settle his eyes on the Zeskaya who let go of his hand. 
The Zeskaya spoke “We don’t normally go by names but are called by words of action. Since my creation, I’ve been calling myself Kossman which the others have respected. I should tell you, we have the ability to travel to other worlds from entering doorways where there are others of my kind living in secret waiting for the day to walk out openly.”
Eric lowered his hand as Kossman pulled on his Sun Lord like mask covering his head.
He heard Jiang speak “Your Majesty please put on your mask.”
He obeyed pulling on the head cover mask covering his head. The door to the room opened and Eric saw the High Lord came in followed by his two guards who stood with arms folded and stared at Kossman standing in front of the desk. 
The High Lord he saw shook his head then turned to stare at him and spoke with an angry tone “I met a new species called Rakcar, one named Gedok with a species called Drinker which I know is a Drainer giving off the name of Jimo translating his words. They reportedly came from the sky crashing into the ground in his large sized plane from the looks of it instead of landing like they claimed. He annoyed me by giving me words about his people being vast in number and having technology far advanced than we are and annexing Terrania as Rakcaran territory. The words I detected were partially a lie and partially the truth and the Drainer Jimo I saw was baring his teeth in some Drainer threatening gesture aimed at Gedok whenever the Rakcar wasn’t looking at him.”
Eric fisted his gloved hands on top of the desk as Kossman spoke “The Rakcar have been annexing planetary worlds as their territory. They've been doing great damage to species’ home worlds as in destroying the natural order of the planet for their own purposes. Their actions have caused other species, some hidden, aware of their doings to declare the Rakcar their enemy and are working on stopping them from continuing their destruction.”
The High Lord spoke looking at the Zeskaya “And who are you?”
Kossman spoke “We’re one of the species who are hidden that have declared the Rakcar as an enemy and is working with others in preventing them from doing more of their damaging destruction.”
Eric looked at Jiang as the High Lord spoke “Does your species have a name?”
Eric felt Jiang scan him as he mentally spoke with the Highlander speaking his words “His species called Zeskaya have been named Mesan’s Curse by the Rakcar which is the Rakcaran name for the walking dead.”
The High Lord spoke “Oh dear.”
He didn't comment a response as Kossman faded from view showing an invisible state which he saw an outline in his place and disappear from view while hearing a door slamming sound. 
He frowned as the High Lord spoke "That Gedok gives me the creeps as Humans call it whenever their nervous of something."
Eric didn't comment a response as the High Lord left the room escorted by his twin guards which he heard from Jiang mentally blaring "I believe you should be back in your quarters now that the meeting is over with." 
Eric didn't comment a response got up and took his familiar route to his quarters finding Niya inside who was seated at the couch that looked at him without her mask on. He took off his mask and went to sit next to her on the couch putting an arm around her shoulders as if compelled despite being annoyed with doing it. He felt Niya leaning against him seemingly lengthy due to not feeling like doing much except cuddling with her as if compelled by doing it she doing the same to him he feeling himself annoyed with the feeling hitting him. 
He kept up the cuddling as if compelled till Jiang's voice was heard behind him "Its nighttime you should both be in bed now."
He didn't comment a protest let go of Niya to his relief and went into the bedroom hearing her shut the door behind them. He went to the dresser and exchanged his clothes for pajamas and gloves which he got into bed and eyed the bathroom door seemingly lengthy to see Niya come out carrying her clothes and shoes she put away in the dresser while clad in her nightgown. He eyed her as she got into bed shutting off the lamp which he did the same to his lamp and then adjusted Niya's form she not protesting to spoon fashion her due to feeling compelled to do it towards her and shut his eyes falling asleep falling unconscious. He wound up wakened up by Jiang blaring his familiar words in his mind. Eric got up sensing Niya doing the same which he started his day exchanging clothes then walked out going to the dining table to sit and eat his food. Eric sat eating his food and drinking as Niya did the same next to him at the table. He finished with his food leaned back as Niya finished her food. Two Highlanders standing besides them bent down to take the trays away and went to the wall holding jutting out boxes from it which he glimpsed them putting the dishware into a familiar machine. Jiang he saw got into view who placed in front of him a thick black book like object that had a zipper around it. 
Eric stared at the object then looked at Jiang who spoke “A Zeskaya stopped by with it. Said it’s from an Alexei Zesky and refused to explain who this person is despite asked along with a message from this person which says ‘I’m sorry you weren’t told’.”
He froze at the name and reached with his shaking gloved hands and unzipped the material which was covering a thick book. He opened to the first page that was yellow of age.
His eyes stared at the writing in a familiar language which he read “Diary of Alexei Zesky.”
Exhaling air he turned the page and began to read.

Chapter seventeen
The sun disappeared down the horizon as night time arrived. Eric finished reading the whole contents of the diary turned the book closed and set it in front of him on the table. He stared at the diary with shock running through him that told a story of his creation of himself from a small egg form taken out from a female named Katherine Zeskaya mate of Alexei Zesky she not knowing of this but Alexei did. He recalled reading that the egg was manipulated with various medical technologies to include animal aka gonoid traits of a snake like gonoid into it with the Human traits. Then the egg once finished from being manipulated was later implanted into a woman named Anya Lake he recalled was his Mother who was used to incubate the egg growing into a baby humanoid version of him from her baby carrier. He sighed recalling the diary added that it was Alexei Zesky who actually fathered him by medical technology of a piece of him taken and implanted into the egg for fertilizing purposes to create offspring from it along with put inside his Mother Anya herself to grow him into a baby Humanoid version and not Andrew Kossman as his Father as he was led to believe. 
He heard Niya from behind him speaking “Eric, its nighttime, you need your rest, come to bed.”
He exhaled air as he felt Niya’s hand touch his shoulder rubbing then let go as he got up from the table and followed her into the bedroom closing the door behind him he feeling himself still shocked by the diary's contents. Frowning he watched Niya go to the dresser next to the bed and take out her nightgown which she carried inside the bathroom. He rubbed a gloved hand on his forehead walking towards the dresser on his side of the bed and pulled open the drawer. Eric removed his hand and began taking off his boots and uniform numbly while feeling himself numb which he folded in the dresser as he placed his breathing device on top of it.
He opened the second drawer and took out his gloves which he put on and felt a headache as he heard Merra’s voice speaking “According to the Zeskaya who traveled and returned here, your Father Alexei is still alive, living on Planet Shadan, the Shadonia’s original home world where my two plant sisters Erra and Terra live.”
Eric stiffened at Merra’s words as she continued speaking “I’m sorry that you’re upset about not being told about your parentage and you had to learn it from your Father’s diary. You’ll feel better if you mate with Niya.”
He exhaled air as Merra left his mind and felt the headache leave him as the urge to mate billowed inside him. He picked up his breathing device and stood staring at the bathroom door as a naked Niya came out carrying her folded clothes in her arms with nightgown slung over her shoulder. Eric hungrily stared at Niya who went to the dresser putting away the clothes then stood staring at him. He leaned down and gave the blankets a yank yanking them to the foot of the bed then straightened up as Niya lay on the bed. Without thinking he lay on the bed putting the device between the pillows and moved himself till he was on top of Niya with his hands on her sides. He felt Niya place her hands on his shoulders as her legs parted as he entered her with his sensitive part thrusting as she met his thrusts. He kept his eyes looking at Niya in her brown eyes as he felt a dam burst inside him he no longer feeling numbness as they moved in rhythm. Eric shook shuddering as Niya gave out a moan with a gasp as he spilled himself inside her. He sensed Niya tightened her legs around him as he flinched feeling a headache arrived to his head. He felt Niya’s hands went to his eyes keeping them open with her fingers while staring at her.
Her eyes, he saw changed from brown to a golden color as she spoke in a voice not her own “Ay Kabaiya, we will live forever, live forever.”
He felt her hands leave his eyes as her legs let go of being around him as he shut his eyes himself as the headache persisted as he pulled out of Niya and lay next to her and he went unconscious.

Eric dreamed of a smooth tan wide road with humanoid people wearing covered up multicolored clothing with male and female forms and Sun Lord like black masks covering their heads standing at both sides with buildings alien to him behind them. He looked to see where they were watching to see a horse with a humanoid being dressed in black Sun Lord like clothes standing besides it pulling the animal, a gonoid as dubbed by the Terrania natives related to any kind of animals, by the halter.
He heard voices chanting words repeated over and over in unison “Ay Kabaiya.”
The horse passed by his view and he saw a platform attached to the gonoid by ropes. On the platform was a small cauldron with a black triangle stand that was burning fire. Behind the horse pulling the cauldron was a procession of a large number of people wearing blue uniform like clothing with caps on their heads while wearing Sun Lord like masks. The procession stopped when they reached a small pool at the side of the road where people were standing surrounding it. Then four people in blue with male forms stepped forward carrying sticks which they injected in the bottom of the cauldron’s triangle stand and lifted it up. They carried the cauldron to the middle of the pool setting it down in the ankle length water then backed away bowing. A figure in a male form in black Sun Lord like clothing wearing a Sun Lord mask stepped forward to stand in the pool staring at the cauldron which the fire went out as it bent leaning forwards. Once the bowl of the cauldron was inches away the figure put gloved hands on the bowl and pulled it from the stand then turned around walking away as the crowd of people bowed with gloved hands clasped in front of them. The figure brought the bowl to the gonoid pulled platform setting it down as a figure in white with female form wearing a golden crown with designs of the sun on her covered head arrived. The female took the crown off her head and placed it on the black figure’s covered head as people around them kneeled on one knee. Then blackness arrived and was cleared up to show people acting like they were coughing falling to the ground as the figure in Sun Lord like clothing while wearing the crown kneeled in the pool of water facing the lighted cauldron with gloved hands on the chest. He looked to see figures he recognized as Rakcar, male forms wearing their familiar grey metallic uniforms arrive walking among the dropping figures. One of the Rakcar went to the crowned figure standing in front of him and held up a long sword which he placed in the hands of the crowned figure. The Rakcar proceeded to guide the crowned figure’s hands plunging the sword into the stomach area. The crowned figure yanked his hands away from the sword handle as the Rakcar took the crown off his head and walked away. Blackness again arrived which cleared up to show Zeskayas standing surrounding a large rectangular table with chairs in a large, lighted by torches on the walls, room waving swords in one of their hands.
He heard chanting words in unison repeating over and over “Ay Kabaiya, We will live forever, live forever.”
The view changed to focus on a large wall opening like two double doors showing a large round circle of metal which flashed as a giant ball of lightening, water and fire came out and reverted. The ball revealed three male figures all with crowns of the sun on their heads. One was wearing a red robe holding a lighted square lantern as a second was wearing an identical outfit in blue holding a staff with the language letter of the Z at the end and the third in an identical outfit in white had hands bare, all with long black hair and Human faces with all white Shadonian eyes. Kneeling in front of them on one knee was figure with a gonoid head and no humanoid head despite having a muscular male form humanoid body wearing a white skirt holding an identical staff to the figure in blue. The three with crowns on their heads nodded their heads as a ball appeared surrounding them and they went into the circle of metal which flashed as the double doors closed. 
The gonoid head figure stood up and was surrounded by appearing Zeskayas as a male voice spoke “State your purpose Anubis.” 
Anubis he assumed was the gonoid head male spoke moving his snout mouth with a male voice “You shall be known among the Rakcar as Mesan’s Curse the Rakcaran name for the walking dead.” 
The Zeskayas kneeled on one knee as a figure in a black Sun Lord like outfit with a white cloth sticking to the stomach area walked in view to stand next to Anubis who towered over him. 
Eric heard a male voice speak “So be it, the war has begun.”
The figure in black pumped his gloved fist in the air as the Zeskayas stood up pumping their held in their hands swords in the air as voices chanted words repeating over and over in unison “Ay Kabaiya, we will live forever, live forever.”
The dream went black.

Eric came to from the depths of unconscious to find himself in bed while feeling with his eyes closed a gloved hand stroking his cheek and there were blankets on his form. He opened his eyes with a jerk exhaling air from his mouth to stare at Niya standing next to the bed wearing her Mistress uniform without the mask on while leaning over him as the light of the sun shined through the open window with shade up he glimpsing a familiar plant on the ledge outside.
He looked at her with confusion as she spoke “You must be very tired for you didn’t wake up when I got out of bed early this morning. I let you sleep some more.”
He sat up as Niya removed her stoking hand and continued speaking “Its late morning, Eric.”
Eric grabbed his device with a hand holding it on his arm and pulled the blankets off of him with another hand while getting out of bed as she stood aside watching him. He went to the dresser next to the bed as he took out his underwear and put them on to clip the device to his underwear shorts and he opened a drawer and took off his gloves which he placed in the drawer with his pajama pants. Then he opened another drawer and began to take out clothes which he put on along with his black boots. Once fully dressed he exhaled air from his mouth and looked at Niya watching him who went to stand in front of him putting her gloved hands on his chest. Eric placed his gloved hands on her back rubbing as if compelled still making him annoyed as usual as she leaned her head on his shoulder. He put his hands on Niya’s shoulders and pushed her away as she looked at him with a frown he finding himself relieved to do it.
He signed an excuse towards his pushing “I had a dream, Niya-“
Niya interrupted speaking “That’s normal for people when they sleep.”
He frowned staring at Niya who grabbed his gloved hands before he could sign another excuse as she added “You’ll always have dreams when you sleep, so get used to it. Come to the living room and eat.”
Eric stared at Niya as she released his hands and he followed her out of the bedroom to the main room’s eating table where there was two trays with dishware filled with food and drink on top. He eyed the food as his stomach rumbled and went to the eating table to sit eating and drinking. Once finished with the food and drink he leaned back in the chair to stare at Alexei’s diary sitting on the table as a Highlander took the tray away. He looked at the spare bedroom's open doorway as two masked Zeskayas walked out with flashes of light while hearing the door to that room slam behind them.
He stood up staring at them as one of the Zeskaya spoke in a male voice “Your Father Alexei requests that we bring you to him.”
He heard Niya speak “Eric, go and see your Father. Don’t let this opportunity be missed.”
He frowned inwardly hearing Niya's voice tone of hearing an edge in her voice as he got up from the chair and walked towards the Zeskayas. Jiang handed him his head cover mask which he put on. He walked till he was standing in front of the door to the spare bedroom to see one of the Zeskayas open the door and then felt both Zeskayas place their hands on his shoulders and walked through it pushing him. He blinked his eyes to find himself not in the spare bedroom but in a familiar grey rectangular room with a row of windows on his left and standing in front of them, facing them was his Father, Alexei Zesky with an appearance of a Human with hands behind his back. His Father he saw from memory of previous meetings still had all white short hair and was still wearing his familiar black clothing with a white collar. There was a desk in front of a wall of drawers facing him as he stared at Alexei who turned unclasping his hands. He frowned as Alexei stared at him with a blank look. He slowly reached with both hands and took off the head cover mask off his head as his emotions arrived running throughout him. Eric kept his eyes on Alexei who slowly walked forward towards him as he walked forward towards his Father with his hands holding the head cover mask. Reaching him, his Father placed a hand on his left shoulder and slowly placed a hand on his forehead.
He heard his Father speak as he jerked his head up closing his eyes as he felt a headache “Ay Kabaiya, we will live forever, live forever.”
Eric stiffened as memories involving what Alexei detailed in his diary spilled in his mind and sensed his Father lower his hand from touching his forehead to place it on his right shoulder as the headache went away as he lowered his head.
Eric opened his eyes with his face forming a glare eyeing his Father who spoke “It’s good to see you again, Eric, remember your people’s mission.”
Eric nodded his head as Alexei lowered his hands from touching his shoulders.
Alexei continued speaking “See that he is returned to his world now.”
Eric placed the head cover mask back on his head and then turned around towards the door. One of the Zeskayas opened it as he walked to stand in front of the doorway. He felt the Zeskaya placed hands on his shoulders as he walked through the doorway pushed through and found himself back in the living room of his quarters alone without the Zeskayas there with him. Niya, he saw got up from the couch to walk towards him as he stood watching her as she reached him and placed her arms around him in a hug he feeling himself still annoyed with being touched by her but refrained from stiffening. He exhaled air through his mouth as she let go of him to place a gloved hand on his mask pressing the material to stroke his cheek. The door to the apartment opened as a guard he saw walked in and stared at Jiang he saw was standing behind the couch. He saw Jiang turn to stare at the guard then nodded his head as the Highlander turned around and left the apartment.
Jiang spoke turning his head to look at him “The Rakcar, I’m told have returned and are requesting an audience with you.”
Eric felt Jiang scanning him as he mentally spoke “Have the High Lord of Shadonia be present at the meeting and make sure he knows that he’s to tell me if the Rakcar lies.”
Jiang he saw nodded his head before turning to stare at a guard across the room standing in front of the door. The guard, Eric noticed, nodded his head and left the apartment.

Chapter eighteen
Eric sat in his office with the desk in front of him his gloved hands resting on it. Jiang he saw with his eyes was standing at his right facing the desk eyes staring at him. He saw out of the corners of his eyes seeing two outlines of people invisible with Zeskaya forms standing on both sides of him as he stared at the door to the room. He recalled Merra telling him that she figured out that he could see hidden people via outline shape which didn't matter if it involved the Zeskaya species or any other species with that ability. He frowned to recall himself not surprised by her wording to figure out after she left his mind that his own hidden invisibly ability must have played a part in him seeing people in hidden states. The High Lord of Shadonia he saw was standing with his two twins and males, guards behind him facing the desk, at his left, his eyes aimed at the door judging by his head position. He frowned as the door opened and two outlines with Rakcar forms walked in followed by a visible Rakcar and Jimo. Eric stood up pointing with a finger at one of the walking Rakcar outlines following his movements. He heard a whining squeal sound as the outline turned solid revealing a Rakcar, with a hand on his left arm who faded with a whooshing sound heading towards him in a fast motion. Eric’s right hand shot out at his side as if compelled to find himself grabbing the rushing Rakcar by the neck lifting him up and with force threw the male to the wall who hit with a bang sound. The luckless Rakcar’s form he saw turned into dark black liquid as the Rakcar slid towards the floor. He watched as the Rakcar’s head crumbled up in pieces turning into liquid as it pooled on the floor turn to dirt. Then he turned his attention to the other outline of a Rakcar form pointing with a finger following the outline moving towards the desk. He heard the visible Rakcar speak in a foreign language. The outline Eric saw became solid with a whining squeal sound revealing a Rakcar who folded his arms with eyes narrowed staring at him. 
Eric folded his arms as the Rakcar who spoke continued speaking with Jimo translating “Says impossible, no species can detect us in our hidden forms or stop us when we move fast.”
He raised one arm slowly till it was pointing up and fisted his hand in a fast motion as he saw out of the corners of his eyes the two invisible Zeskayas appeared revealing them standing on both sides of him with arms folded.
Both Rakcar he saw opened their mouths in an O and looked at each other before one of them spoke words said by Jimo “Says impossible, you as their Sun Lord was wounded enough to die."
Eric lowered his arm folding his arms looking at Jiang and felt the headache as he mentally spoke his words spoken by Jiang translated in foreign language by Jimo to the Rakcar “That Sun Lord was my Father who passed down the position to me."
The Rakcar spoke words said by Jimo “Says excuse us, we have to discuss something in private."
He stared at the two Rakcar who conversed in foreign language as he heard Jimo loudly speak with an angry tone “Quit staring at me you pointy eared Shadonian.”
He turned his head to the High Lord whose head was looking directly at Jimo.
Jimo continued speaking still with an angry tone “If you don’t stop staring I knock your guards out stabbing you and also will kidnap your mate, and bring you to her in a place where you’re lost in your head screaming from the horrors witnessed.”
Eric saw the High Lord turn his head towards the Rakcar who were still conversing away in their foreign language.
Then the Rakcar looked at him and one of them spoke words and they both faded with a whooshing sound as Jimo spoke “Says you’ll see us again.”
Jimo he saw turned and walked out of the room slamming the door.
Eric heard the High Lord speak “That went well.”
He frowned but didn't comment a response instead got up and left the room only to find the elevator stopping at the balcony floor with Niya in view wearing her mask accompanied by two female guards. 
He heard from Jiang "Crowd gathered down below." 
He didn't comment a response went further into the hallway to hear a whining squeal sound along with whooshing sounds followed by hearing loud groans as Niya and his guards hit the floor along with his knees hit from behind to kneel. Eric kneeled in the hallway leading to the balcony and elevator while seeing Niya and his Highlander escorts lying on the floor unconscious as he saw three Rakcar forms appear standing in front of him. He saw one holding a sword in his hand as the three Rakcar walked forwards towards him. He reached up and yanked his head cover mask off his head and narrowed his golden eyes baring his fanged teeth at the Rakcar. All three lips of the Rakcar formed an O gesture then they looked at each other. He threw the head cover mask away from him and fisted his hands, eyes boring at the Rakcar who turned their heads back to him. He saw the Rakcar holding the sword turn and pointed it at his companions while speaking in a foreign language. The two Rakcar shot their heads towards the sword holding Rakcar who threw the sword that hit the wall on his left as he continued speaking in foreign language. Eric saw him point a finger at one of the two Rakcar and walked away towards the elevator waving his hands in fists. He kept his eyes on the two remaining Rakcar and saw them both faded with whooshing sounds. The Rakcar walking towards the elevator he saw fell towards the floor black liquid spurting from a hole in his back as his companions appeared standing besides him. One was holding the sword stained with black liquid while the other squatted touching the Rakcar’s arm and yanked a shiny object from it that looked familiar then stood up pocketing it. He heard the Rakcar again speak in foreign language as they turned to face him with narrowed eyed looks. Eric kept his eyes on the two Rakcar who walked towards him speaking in conversation with each other. Reaching him the Rakcar without sword grabbed his fisted hands placing them together as the Rakcar with sword leaned and placed the handle underneath his fisted hands. He kept his eyes on the Rakcar who both made some sound that sounded like laughter to him as they guided the sword’s point end towards his stomach. Eric jerked from the pain as he felt the sword blade plunge into him until the handle end touched his body. He stared at the two Rakcar who let go of the sword and his hands then with a whooshing sound faded from eyes sight and he saw the elevator doors open and close. He unclenched his hands placing them on the sword handle and slowly pulled the sword blade out of him. Panting for breath while breathing through his mouth he tossed the sword away from him and stood up wobbling as the rages arrived clouding up his eyes sight with whiteness. He slid his feet feeling as it hit something soft. He squat feeling the form with his gloved hands and felt the form was female belonging to Niya. He kneel breathing through his tubes in his nostrils as he felt his eyes sight cleared up and he saw he was staring at Niya’s unconscious form as dizziness arrived. Shaking his head of disgust through the pain he laid himself next to Niya cuddling her towards him in his arms due to feeling compelled to do it as blackness appeared in his eyes sight. He closed his eyes surrendering to the blackness falling unconscious.

Eric woke up hearing voices talking. He frowned discovering himself wearing a hospital gown on his form identical to the one Niya wore and discovered himself in a sitting position while wearing his mask on his head and he felt smooth material covering on his hands that were loose around the area but tight on his wrists. He opened his eyes to see Niya sitting next to the bed wearing the Mistress outfit and mask on which she stood up putting a gloved hand on his chest. 
He felt himself too weak to move as he heard Trevor speak loudly sounding odd to him and not sounding of Basic he finding himself getting the doctor's words “I don’t have an excuse to explain His Majesty’s hospital stay.”
He stared at Jiang who was looking at Trevor with a frown on his face both standing away from the bed in front of him. 
Trevor continued speaking still sounding odd “The only thing I could think of was telling the truth about the Rakcar attacking His Majesty.”
He heard Jiang harrumph some sound that turned his attention towards him and felt the Highlander scan his mind which he mentally spoke "Jiang, I'm awake and feeling too weak to move." 
Jiang spoke as if hearing him after he paused sounding odd to him “Doctor, His Majesty is awake and feeling too weak to move.”
He saw Trevor walk towards him grabbing an arm sized scanner from the device at the foot and wave it over him. 
Trevor spoke eyes aimed at the scanner “His Majesty is awake but the weakness should leave him soon once he sleeps it off.” 
Eric felt sleepiness arrive and he closed his eyes falling unconscious. 

He woke up to feel himself lying on the hospital bed while wearing the familiar Sun Lord uniform and there was pressure on his right arm which he raised his head to look at Niya wearing the mask had the arm cradled to her with her head on it. He reached a free hand towards Niya’s head gently putting pressure on the mask while itching to get her off his arm and sensed her move which was followed by her jerking herself straight while in a sitting position. 
He saw Jiang walk in his line of sight speaking loudly “Your Majesty, its good to see you awake.” 
He felt his mind scanned as he mentally spoke “What happened to me?”
Jiang spoke using his voice still using the odd tone “The doctor says your healed fine from the sword wound. The doctor had tests done on you and discovered that the Rakcar’s blood on the sword entering you acted like a sickness which your poison produced in your body system fought it off and resulted in your body and its functional systems healing itself perfectly.”
Eric mentally spoke “Oh.” 
Jiang continued speaking “The doctor has scheduled a press conference to announce the Rakcar’s presence and the attack including that you’re recovering from it with your presence being there via chair wheel due to that the doctor wants you to take it easy for awhile. He also says he has evidence of the Rakcaran species to prove the attack done onto you which he hasn't fully explained it to me yet so sleep and rest." 
He obeyed shutting his eyes passing out unconscious to come to hearing Jiang's voice speaking mentally in his mind "Your Majesty please wake up. Its time for the press conference which we have a chair for you and your personal doctor has been ordered to give out the announcement." 
Eric got up from the bed still clad in his Sun Lord uniform he feeling it with a hand feeling the hole where the sword entered him gone from there as he went to sit in a wheelchair he recognizing the seat. 
He saw Trevor in the room noticing his hand gesture spoke "My brother managed to make several copies of your clothes and shoes due to suspecting that a knife like weapon would easily make holes in it. That's in answer to your question involving your clothes actually." 
He wordlessly sat down in the wheelchair and felt Trevor push him out of the room taking a route through the hospital he paying attention till they reached a large room where there were various species having various devices in their hands some flashing lights aimed at him and Trevor as he noticed a covered up figure lying on a table nearby the area. He felt Trevor stop pushing the wheelchair to eye the doctor who yanked off the blanket revealing the Rakcar to the gasps of the crowd sounding loudly along with giving out a statement in an odd tone talking about the Rakcar's body found with the Sun Lord a victim of an attack. He wound up understanding Trevor's talk was of where the Rakcaran species came from the sky via their vehicle including pointing them responsible for an attack done on himself which he heard the press people grumble angry voice tones in various language insults he stiffened hearing after Trevor paused. He felt himself tired found Trevor repeating his words in another language he realized with shock was Basic and stiffened realizing that he was fluent in the foreign language people spoke towards him in his presence judging by their odd voice tones. He found Trevor kept the conference short by going towards him to wheeling him out taking a different route this time instead of his room went to the helicopter pad where his car was parked along with ordered to go which he obeyed finding Niya inside that gripped his hand in a gentle grip. He kept himself awake as the car flew in the air to his headquarters and landed then rolled inside the garage room which he got out and took his familiar route to his quarters. Eric found himself tired went to the bedroom exchanging clothes for gloves and pajamas underneath Niya's watchful eye he ignored her staring which he entered the bed and shut his eyes passing out unconscious.

Chapter nineteen
Eric sat in his office wearing his uniform and mask on his head waiting for the High Lord to arrive. He recalled Jiang telling him of the High Lord demanding an audience with him immediately which the ruler was hinting of figuring out who he was identity wise despite the mask on making him annoyed soon after sleeping in bed for two days straight.
Eric didn't have long to wait as the High Lord arrived speaking while holding up a necklace with a pendant attached "I insisted you wear this or I'll blab your identity which I know who you are actually so wear it." 
He felt annoyed but obeyed and found the High Lord leaving the room with his twin guards following in a fast move which he found the familiar Rakcar and Drainer coming into their place. Eric took off his mask thrusting it onto the desk to hear Asps sounds from the two Rakcar and Drainer. 
He glared at Jiang to mentally speak "It'll take a lot more than that sword weapon you used onto me to kill me." 
He glared at the Rakcar in response as one held up a tubal device showing a picture of Niya without her mask on sitting in a chair underneath a spotlight shocking him as he heard from the Drainer "Says we have your female which we insists that you come with us to our ship now or else harm will be done onto your female." 
Eric glared at Jiang and mentally spoke despite the guard heard mentally blaring objections "I'll go and do what you said since I don't want harm to fall to my female. Jiang you obey me and my orders and tell them that." 
He shifted to look at the Rakcar hearing Jiang repeat his words omitting the ordering and objections blaring of speaking his acceptance to go with them which he didn't comment a response as he wordlessly followed the Rakcar to the elevator with the Drainer taking up the rear and found the elevator took them to the balcony floor. He followed them out to see Jimo form a globe once reaching the balcony which he walked inside following the Rakcar. He eyed the scenery as Jimo flew the globe over the city towards the domed area and skirted the outline of it till greenery of a forest arrived into view which the Drainer landed the globe reverting it back into him. Eric frowned as Jimo grabbed his arms and hauled him through the forest till he spotted something shiny in the area that looked like a giant shiny plant to him and found the Drainer leading him to the shiny greenery which revealed a set of steps in shiny silver color and a black doorway opening as he was hauled through then released from the Drainer's hand grips. Eric jerked from dizziness feeling the Rakcar’s hands on his arms as they pulled him through the ship with dizzying speeds which he glimpsed a wall that split apart sliding open like a door to pause from the pulling to show a small room with ten figures wearing different colored clothing with male and female forms sitting in chairs with wires attached wearing helmet like head wear on their heads covering their faces. Five were sitting in a row on his right and there were four with an empty chair on his left as the tenth figure was sitting facing him wearing Rakcar clothing in a male form. He paused from walking yanking himself from the Rakcar's hand grips to see one of the figures was Niya by her clothes. He was pushed towards the empty chair next to her where he was forced to sit in a fast move. He gave the Rakcar a glare as they clamped his arms to the chair rest and yanked his tubes out of his nose. He breathed through his nose breathing hard as the Rakcar placed a helmet device on his head yanking part of it over his face as the rages arrived. He stiffened as he sensed light shining in his eyes blinding him. 

Chapter twenty
Eric found himself naked with his hands bare lying on dirt cracked field and stood up looking around with confusion. 
He heard his Father’s voice speak he recognizing as Alexei's voice “Ay Kabaiya, we will live forever, live forever.”
He turned around to see a Rakcar standing away wearing a grey robe surrounded by naked figures he saw eight were Highlanders four males and four females with long black and blonde colored hair and the ninth was Niya all with all white Shadonian like eyes. 
Eric snarled some sound growling as the Rakcar spoke “Bring him to me.” 
The Highlanders walked forward towards him as he walked forward towards them. Reaching them the Highlanders surrounded him and proceeded to grab him with their hands lifting him up above their heads as he struggled growling loudly. They brought him to the Rakcar with Niya standing next to him and forced him into a kneeling position their hands still holding him. The Rakcar, he saw had all white Shadonian eyes, pulled out his hands from the sleeves of the robe and touched his head. 
Eric jerked as he heard his Father’s voice again speaking “Ay Kabaiya, we live forever, live forever.” 
His eyes sight clouded up showing whiteness and a blue figure movement in front of him as he yanked his head from the Rakcar’s hands forcing himself with great strength to a standing position while moving his arms and hands grabbing the hands on him throwing off the Highlanders. He freed from the hands roared and charged at the blue movement as he felt several sets of hands grabbing him all around his body. Eric roared as he with great strength threw off the hands while swiping his clawed hands as he heard groaning sounds of pain and he again charged at the blue figure movement which in a twisting motion started running away. He heard screaming sounds as he with great speed over took the blue figure movement knocking it onto the ground with a fist hitting the figure’s back. He kneeled on one knee and proceeded to bring his hands to the figure’s head and gave a twist hearing cracking sounds of electricity along with swiping his claws on the figure’s face. Eric fisted his left hand and brought it into the figure’s body punching repeatedly not caring where the fist landed as the sensation went away leaving nothingness. His eyes sight cleared up abruptly to show an eyes sight TV monitor like view with symbols on one corner that blinked as he felt his body sliding with speed in a brown metal like hallway with pipes in the ceiling highlighting round light bulbs while nearing another hallway entrance on his left side. 
Eric heard words in his mind speak sounding oddly feminine “Ship’s internal defense weapons.” 
A Rakcar, Eric saw walked in view from the entrance and froze from walking as he spoke “Destroy.”
The Rakcar screamed turning around running around the corner into the entrance as Eric repeated the word “Destroy.”
The view went faster charging around the corner to see a Rakcar running down the hallway. He saw in the view a thick red laser beam shot out hitting the Rakcar in the head which shattered blowing apart into pieces as black liquid spilled out and the Rakcar hit the floor lying still. 
Eric spoke “Destroy.” 
The view split apart into seven boxes showing Rakcar standing in front of consoles and hallways walls in each box hit in the heads that were blown apart by laser beams. Then the eye sight view changed to show an over head shot of a Rakcar standing over a console with other consoles at his sides furiously moving his fingers on the buttons. 
The Rakcar was speaking loudly words understood “Ship’s internal defense weapons have gone haywire shooting each of us. I can’t access the computer to stop this, I’m locked out. Send help if you can.” 
Eric spoke “Destroy.” 
The console burst into a shower of sparks which threw the Rakcar backwards hitting the floor onto his seat. 
Eric watched as the Rakcar got up and looked at the console and spoke “Asp, the message hasn’t been sent.”
The view changed to show a wall with console on it. A laser beam shot out hitting the console which the wall split apart sliding like a door showing a small square room with consoles around the walls. 
A Rakcar he saw was standing typing over a console while speaking “Ship’s internal defense weapons have gone haywire shooting each of us.” 
The Rakcar cut himself off and spun around to face the view as Eric spoke “Destroy.”
Laser beams shot out as the Rakcar screamed hitting him in the face which his head shattered blowing apart. The view changed to show another wall with a console on it which a laser beam shot out hitting the console. The wall split apart sliding like a door showing a small room with five figures on both sides with a figure in front of him wearing Rakcar clothing while sitting in chairs with wires attached wearing helmet like head wear on their heads covering their faces. 
Eric spoke “Destroy.” 
A laser beam arrived hitting the Rakcar clothed figure in the chest which a large hole appeared in the area while sitting in the chair in front of him before form became flatter and flatter as the helmet fell off.
Eric continued speaking “Free them.” 
Laser beams shot out hitting the helmets as the head wear shattered in two falling off of each person’s head as clamps on their arms opened. 
Eric again spoke “Shut down.” 
The view turned red as the room’s contents faded from eyes sight as the redness became dominant followed by a clicking sound then the view went black. 

Eric jerked his eyes open with confusion and shook his head putting a gloved hand on his face exhaling air through his mouth. He lowered his hand and reached with both hands to the tubes hanging off his collar and injected them into his nostrils along with putting part of it on the back of his ears as he felt the rages arrive. The rages cleared up as he breathed through the tubes in his nose and looked around the room while hearing multiple groaning sounds. He looked to see sitting in a chair next to him was Niya with her eyes closed who like the others, appearing to be Highlanders, had pained looks on their faces. He shook his head as he got up from the chair and wobbled stumbling towards Niya. Reaching her, he brought his hands to Niya’s head pulling her forwards to lean against his form as he moved his hands to her back gently rubbing. He heard Niya moan some sound as her head moved followed by feeling her hands touching his sides. 
He heard Niya speak “Eric.”
He rubbed her back as her head moved from leaning against him to look up at him with a pained look in her face as tears fell from her open brown eyes. He pulled her up from the chair into a standing position wrapping his left arm around her body he feeling sorry for her suffering. His right hand touched Niya’s head gently rubbing as she burst into tears while leaning her head on his shoulder crying away. 
Eric stiffened as he felt a headache of his mind being scanned and mentally spoke “Ay Kabaiya, we will live forever, live forever.” 
He saw in his mind’s eye an image of an endless body of blue moving water and saw a large black closed flower plant he assumed as Merra rise from the water spreading apart petals. 
He heard Merra’s voice speaking “I am called Merra of this planetary world named Terrania. This is the Sun Lord ruler of Terrania, leader of Mesan’s Curse, enemy of the Rakcar and his female, The Mistress. See in his mind the Rakcar hooking him up to the machine and him killing the Rakcar mind then getting control of the Rakcar’s ship internal defense weapons killing all of the Rakcar including the Rakcar mind’s body and freeing you from the machine.”
Merra’s voice paused as images in his mind appeared showing his point of view eyes sight Rakcar standing in front locking his arms by clamps and pulling an object over his eyes blocking his sight followed by light shining in the eyes. This was followed by the dirt cracked field appearing with a clear eyes sight of his fisted hand hitting a running Rakcar wearing a robe, on the back. The Rakcar he saw fell to the ground twisting on his back as the eyesight scene lowered with hands appearing grabbing the Rakcar’s head twisting and clawing his face then punching with a fist into the Rakcar’s body. The scene changed to show a TV monitor eyes sight view with laser beams shooting out hitting a running away Rakcar in a hallway in the head which shattered blowing apart. He saw the scene repeated nine times he counted to himself showing Rakcar hit in the heads by laser beams while standing in front of different backgrounds. Then the scene showed the room with eleven figures sitting in chairs wearing helmet head wears covering their faces, five on both sides with a figure in Rakcar clothing in front. He saw a scene showed a laser beam hitting the Rakcar in the chair in the chest forming a large hole making the body become flat followed by laser beams hitting the helmet head wear of each person that split apart falling off their heads as clamps around their arms opened. 
The images stopped as Merra’s voice continued speaking “Your people, the Highlanders serve the Sun Lord as his voice speaking his words while guarding him with their lives. They serve him well along with Mesan’s Curse given the name Zeskaya.” 
He felt the headache leave him as he heard running footsteps coming nearer from a hallway outside the open entrance of the room on his right side. He looked to see two Highlanders both males appear from around the corner into the room holding long guns in their hands who paused from their running when they saw him. He again felt the headache as they looked at him which the headache abruptly left him as they shot their heads towards the Highlanders behind him. 
Eric saw one of them pull a thin boxy device from a belt on the waist and held it up to his lips while speaking “The Sun Lord and Mistress has been found and their alive looking alright.” 
Eric released his hold on Niya who stopped her crying to grip his hand with her hand as they both turned to face the two Highlanders. 
The Highlander he saw holding the communications device lowered it and spoke “Your Majesty, would you come with me?”
He nodded his head and followed the Highlander with Niya holding his hand out of the room into a hallway walking by a large black square box high as his waist with a long tube sticking out the top he assumed was the ship's internal defense weapon. The group walked a maze of hallways till they reached a hallway to see Jiang walking towards them while holding two head cover masks in his hands. Reaching him and Niya, Jiang handed them both the masks which he and Niya both put on covering their heads entirely. Jiang he saw turned and walked the direction he came followed by him and Niya with a Highlander behind them. They stopped in the middle of the hallway with a console on his right sticking in the wall. He saw Jiang walk to the console and touched it with fingers tapping which the wall next to it split apart in two like a door sliding open showing sun light shining over greenery with stairs leading down. The group walked down the stairs as he saw Humans besides Highlanders standing scattered in the greenery with guns in their hands with glaring looks on their faces that changed to relief looks when they saw him. He and Niya followed Jiang through the greenery passing by bushes and trees till they reached a clearing where a machine he recognized as some kind of helicopter stood with blades still. 
Once in the helicopter Eric stared at Jiang who scanned him as he mentally spoke “How did you find us?”
Jiang replied speaking with his voice “The Shadonia told me to go to this location and they were very insistent on that.” 
Eric frowned as he felt Niya place her head on his shoulder and he wrapped his right arm around her while putting his left hand on her head gently rubbing he still feeling annoyed to doing it. He exhaled air as she placed her left hand on his chest rubbing while moving her head to have her forehead he felt touch his neck. He angled his head touching her head gently settling on it while keeping his arm around her as his left arm went to settle around her he feeling she needed to be comforted. 

Chapter twenty one
Eric stood in his office with arms folded waiting as the door opened showing the High Lord with his two guards walking into the room. 
He looked at Jiang who scanned him as he mentally spoke with the Highlander speaking his words “I’m told by my guards that you told them to go to a location and was very insistent about it which resulted in finding the Rakcar ship with Niya and me inside it.” 
The High Lord he saw walked up to him and stood in front of him while speaking “The necklace I gave you, can I have my tracking device back?”
He lowered his arms with confusion as the High Lord continued speaking “The Drainer complaining about my staring? I figured out too late that he was telling us what the Rakcar was conversing about. I wasn’t able to warn you because of the Rakcar’s impending arrival so I gave you my necklace which has a tracking device in the pendant. I should add I was lying when I told you about knowing your identity along with blabbing it to the public. I’m sorry you went through all this trouble.”
Eric reached with gloved hands to the collar of his neck yanking it down to pull up the silver chain with a small pendant attached to it. He unclasped the necklace and handed it to the High Lord who took it with his hand and clasped it on his neck.
He mentally spoke through Jiang "Thanks for your assistance."
He got from the High Lord "Your welcome excuse me I have business elsewhere." 
He watched the High Lord with guards leave and sighed figuring out that he'll go see Brianna only to find Jiang manipulating the elevator to stop at the garage room to his annoyance. 
He glared at Jiang who mentally spoke "Something the hospital wants to show you period." 
He didn't comment a response hearing the firmness of Jiang's voice tone got into the car which took the familiar flying route to the hospital to find a male Monarch there on the landing pad waiting who spoke "We found a living Rakcar hidden in the forest near their sky ship with this Drainer Jimo nearby. Living Rakcar according to tests turned out to be a female that birth triplets twin male Humans indicating them as blood drinkers along with a female Highlander with nothing to indicate the Rakcar species within all three of them. Excuse me while I take you to them."
He wordlessly followed the medic he assumed he'll call him into the hospital taking a lengthy route till they arrived at a room having three beds each holding a baby in them he saw what the Monarch was talking about the males having golden Human eyes that reminded him of a Humanoid Drainer warrior named Hades and saw that they had a Humanoid appearance while the female was a Highlander to him. He frowned as there was a siren blaring loudly along with an amplified voice speaking wording indicating of an eater sighted he confused to what the voice was referring to. He saw the medic darted towards the window yanking open the shade and exclaiming wording that seemed to confused him while sounding of shock which he went to see himself followed by Jiang. Eric saw the dome's top nearby was covered with fire that went down the dome as if consuming it till nothing but greenery was in its place with the fire out. Eric frowned to see a large sized energy ball of lightening and water come into view appearing to be from the dome's area and came heading towards the window he backing up as the window and area around it shattered in pieces admitting the ball that went inside landing near him that reverted showing three figures wearing colors of white for one of them, red for another and blue for the third as the red figured male held up a lantern opening it which he saw an fireball come out hitting each baby on the bed that grew to adult size forming figures he saw. He saw one male turn into King Winter with a crown on his head and white clothing on his form along with a torch cauldron staff in his right hand while appearing to remain asleep. Eric saw the other male turn into the familiar warrior Hades showing the male wearing Surrai like pants a vest breast plate top in black with manacles on his wrist in black and long black hair while having face covered by blackness which he figured that once the male was awake golden orbs would be seen. He eyed the female to see she had turned into a Highlander female wearing black skin tight clothing of pants a t-shirt like top with boots on her feet along with noticing handguns in holsters on her sides belted by a shiny black belt. He felt himself confused seeing her to recall as if knowing the information fully in his mind that she was Kerra the Highlander a female warrior who kept Hades and King Winter both enemies of each other in peace whenever Teorjer wasn't around to do that job. 
He eyed those three warily to eye the three one colored males to see them turn around which he heard in his mind the words “We're the Elementals, King Sea of water, Lord Teorjer of air and Ellison Donovan of fire.” 
He stared at the elementals he assumed were they that have Human ears and a Shadonian like appearance on their faces and eyes as the one in white looking like Teorjer to him he met before, threw lightening bolts to the floor. People around him he saw fell to the floor as a Zeskaya in a hidden form appear collapsing on the floor. 
He heard Merra say in his mind "The Elementals want to take you and Jiang some places." 
He obeyed to get himself taken by them.

Chapter twenty two
Eric recalling while sleeping in bed didn't resist to the Elementals taking him somewhere but became blind as a ball of lightening and water and fire surround all five of them while noticing Jiang still lying asleep which he had shifted his feet feeling the movements. The ball reverted showing him facing a hill at the end above him was a humanoid reptile sitting on a throne wearing the Zeskaya's Sun Lord crown with Rakcar and Drainer besides him in a stadium arena with people of different races in seats he glimpsed. 
Anubis he recognized from a dream while recalling was standing at his side spoke words in Basic in a loud stadium sized voice "I hear the Elementals talking and will voice their words. Their saying that the Sun Lord living has kept the Rakcar's Pharaoh Leader alive. We Elementals have talked Mesan's Curse out of killing the Rakcar's Pharaoh and successors by oaths that they will have a leader who they are showing to the Pharaoh. Mesan’s Curse told us Elementals that if Sun Lord is killed they will not hesitate to kill the Pharaoh and his successors."
Pharaoh he heard sang something musical which he heard the Drainer translating "Says that the Sun Lord will live for I accept this." 
Elementals he frowned didn't responded to the Pharaoh's remark instead surrounded him with their familiar ball again and took him elsewhere which reverted to show a room from his dream involving a Sun Lord wearing a bandage on his front. He saw outlines of various hidden Zeskayas behind the table that appear with swords out from hidden states. 
He heard from one Zeskaya sounding familiar "You will reveal your face now Sun Lord." 
He obeyed to find one of the Zeskayas charging at him with a sword only to get blocked by a bald male human robed in grey with Shadonian white eyes holding onto the Zeskaya's arm in an ironclad grip and speaking loudly in a firm voice "The prophecy of the Sun Lord fathering a son is as prophesized for he is the son period."
Eric felt a hand on his shoulder to look finding Jiang standing there looking at him with a frown on his face as he again heard from the robed male appearing to address him "Please explain everything about yourself as the son of the Sun Lord." 
Eric obeyed to explain his racial conditions through Jiang telling them what he is as the robed humanoid his mind says he's called Seer. He wound up recalling on Seer asking him about his parentage. 
He remembered telling them through Jiang about his Father having him raised to think of another as his Father and of his Mother using the words “Died when I was a child."
He recalling heard nothing more from the Seer instead the Elementals' loud voice blaring on wanting to take him home. He finding himself onto a hospital on a large familiar helicopter pad similar to one he entered when Niya was admitted to hospital. Eric recalling had entered the hospital to see Human female medic with his sister Ionela’s appearance but had brown eyes that talked too much in the hallway acting like he was expecting to get her talk using wordings that confused him and made him think it was medical related. He got full of anger and fed up with her talk grabbed her by the neck lifting her up putting her back to the wall shutting her up. Eric grimaced in his sleep recalling Trevor arriving who begged him with pleading to let go of the female who he admitted was his sister which he obeyed. He recalled that Jiang made his presence known and with various mental talk on calming him down from his anger got escorted to back outside on the landing pad where a vehicle arrived which took him to the Sun Lord's residence. He recalled being fine with reuniting with Niya who acted happy to see him despite he still hesitance on accepting her. Outside a cold storm arrived forcing them to go to bed due to that the sky wasn't shining brightly indicating nighttime. Eric stopped grimacing from his memories woke up not disturbing Niya asleep got up pacing and kneels as tears come to eyes breaking down crying about Ionela while mouth breathing. He continued to cry as the rages hit which he shut his eyes and heard a lamp turn on then felt Niya’s hands on him pulling him towards her. Eric felt himself calming down held by Niya as she kissed him on the lips while having a hand on his cheek he not resisting to the kissing. 
He broke off the kiss to sign "My lips give off poison making people sick which the cure for that is that the person has to be touching my skin anywhere which doesn't matter where as long as the sicknesses stop." 
Niya he heard "I get it your words Eric due to hearing from the medical doctor about that." 
Eric signed feeling like needing to give an explanation to his breakdown by the glare on Niya's face "I had two younger sisters named Ionela and Arielia. I met a female medic at the hospital that reminded me of Ionela. My reaction towards her was bad actually choked her but Trevor got me off her."
Niya spoke "I'm sorry about this but we should be in bed anyway." 
He didn't protest to her words sounding firm instead got up and went to bed getting himself underneath the blankets and felt Niya cuddle towards him after hearing her shut the lamp. He felt himself needing to sleep but felt himself getting too warm for the blankets. He yanked the blankets off his form as he felt Niya doing the same stopping her cuddling towards him. He opened his eyes and turned towards Niya who lay on her side facing him while groaning softly. He removed the glove from his left hand and placed his bare hand on Niya’s forehead. Eric stiffened feeling Niya hot to the touch. He placed the glove back on his bare hand as tiredness arrived. He wearily eased himself out of bed stumbling towards the bedroom door. He fell towards kneeling as his hand touched the doorknob. He yanked opened the door as his eyes sight clouded up with darkness and he slid himself towards the bare smooth floor and closed his eyes.

Eric came to sense himself back in bed lying on his back without the blankets on him. He felt himself still hot and too weak to open his eyes. He heard a male voice speaking and recognized the speaker as Trevor. 
Trevor he heard spoke “Their suffering from the heat sickness which can be cured by water. I can’t recommend giving water to Eric for it’ll kill him. He’ll have to fight it out by himself. Niya can take the water which I recommend she drink as much as she can.”
Eric felt a painful headache arrive to his head and felt himself falling unconscious which he surrendered to. He came to seeing an overhead view of himself lying in bed clad in his pajamas and gloves like he was floating above. He saw Niya clad in her Mistress uniform next to him holding his hand appeared to be sobbing to him from the way she rocked her form while still keeping her grip on his left hand. He heard a sound of a door slam to hear Niya gasp to look towards the bathroom entrance which he saw a Zeskaya come into view taking off his mask revealing his Father Alexei's face but had longer white hair pulled back into a tail. 
He eyed Alexei's twin he assumed was the male who spoke "I know of a way that'll heal him of his sickness. Excuse me while I do it."
Eric watched as Niya got up from the bed to find Alexei's twin going towards him on the bed to place a hand on his forehead he hearing gibberish spoken in foreign language in a compelling voice tone in seemingly chanting the words over and over. He saw the scene went black to felt himself back into his body followed by passing out unconscious again. 

Eric found himself standing on a land deck facing the edge away in the shining sun with the ocean far ahead of him vast on the horizon. He heard chains rattling sounds and felt something attach to his cloth covered upper arms in a tight ironclad grip keeping him from taking a step forwards while he remained rooted in his spot. He saw a male Zeskaya with his Father’s face and long white hair appeared to be standing in front of him while placing a hand on his shoulder. 
The Zeskaya spoke “I’m your Father’s twin brother called Leader.” 
Eric stared at Leader he assumed he'll call him who tightened his grip on his shoulder with a frown look on his face. He sensed a hand grip his right hand and looked to see Niya with concern on her face standing besides him. Her hand he felt tightened its grip on his gloved hand. Eric exhaled air and sensed blackness arrive which clouded up his eyes sight. 

Chapter twenty three
Eric recalled on waking up lying in bed feeling his left wrist gripped by bare hands and looked at his left to see a Zeskaya wearing a Sun Lord mask sitting in an eating table's chair next to the bed. The Zeskaya’s head he saw from memory was bent down appearing to be asleep by the still form. He had sensed a head lying on his bare chest and looked down to see Niya lying on her side head on his chest asleep. He felt his right arm around Niya’s form he sensed was wearing the Mistress uniform. He raised his gloved hand towards her face and gently gave her cheek a scratching rubbing motion gently as he saw out of the corners of his eyes the Zeskaya’s head rise up along with movement. He recalled Niya and the Zeskaya both waking up with the Zeskaya introducing himself as Leader and showing his face acting happy to see him. Niya he recalled got him to continue lying in bed instead of getting up due to her thinking that he would need the rest. He had obeyed and slept on and off with visits from Niya checking on him during the day while recalling the memory of his wake up from being healed from the heat sickness he assumed he was fully healed from it. Eric continued to sleep feeling Niya asleep cuddling next to him while she was wearing her nightgown. He exhaled a breath keeping his arms off from around her and stiffened as he felt a familiar needle dart of pain in his neck making him pass out unconscious. 

He woke up without his breathing device on and just clad in his pajama pants while lying on a bed that seemed narrow to him while feeling a ropey object wrap around his neck choking him as he heard hissing sounds and saw the hisser was some gonoid from its head coming up in view looking at him which he felt his hands free of the gloves clawed the gonoid's body he assumed was wrapped around his neck scratching its skin repeatedly. He felt the gonoid surrender to his poisonous venom by head dropping and felt its form loose around his neck as if appearing to be dead from it which he yanked it off and threw it onto the floor while feeling rumbles of hunger. He got up to see another gonoid twin to it on the floor of the boxy grey walled room giving of a noise while having its tail shaking and fanged teeth baring aimed at him. Eric found the rages hitting him abruptly and saw blue movement on the floor shaped of the ropey gonoid which he with a quick move grabbed gonoid by neck area gagging it to death. He continued to feel rumbles of hunger as the rages went away eyed the gonoid and bought it to lips biting into it and tearing its skin with his fanged teeth he eating the gonoid from neck area to area that meets noisy part till its nothing but bones with head intact. He tossed the gonoid's body onto the floor and saw a drawer in the wall slid open showing his gloves and breathing device which he put on. The door in the wall on his left opened showing a Drainer who growled sounding in foreign language he staring confused and not moving while feeling his voice ability was still gone from him. He continued to eye the Drainer who appeared to give him a glare and jabbed a finger aimed at him and jabbed a thumb indicating him to leave the room. He followed the Drainer into hallway to an apparent elevator to large throne room. Eric saw seated in a chair was an odd Drainer having an odd left hand that appeared to not look humanoid to him despite his right hand all white colored looking Human to him as he saw Aiden he recognized along with Jimo the Rakcar's translator Drainer in sight. 
He felt annoyance at the Drainers as a Drainer who led him to the room he heard spoke in Basic abruptly "I'm named Torrin and I'll tell you what happened to us. Cycles ago Hades and his advisor Teorjer came into the throne room both acting sick and fell down not moving onto the ground floor of this throne room. The three Elementals arrive shooting some light show aimed at them as two sun colored globes come out of them that join into one globe becoming bigger and bigger in a very fast move hitting each of us in the way of getting bigger knocking each of us unconscious. We managed to wake up to find ourselves each alone with our bodies lying on the ground not moving and appearing to be dead and castle still intact. We reported each going outside of the castle to see the globe had appeared to surround the castle and plant lands in a great distance judging by the sky looking like it indicated the globe status. This status lasts for too much time till the globe's top burst into an eater from the top that ate away the entire globe judging by the looks of it and we finding ourselves back into our bodies waking up."
Eric folded his arms eyeing the spoken Drainer Torrin who kept talking "We with a help of a foreign Drainer and Highlanders willing to work with us got you and your mate to be sent here to be interrogated why you as Sun Lord didn't send people to check on us which we're not happy about that no checking status."
He heard Aiden speaking gibberish loudly hearing Drainers giving off growling sounds behind him as he eyed the Drainer to hear Torrin speaking in Basic "Says I recognize this Humanoid as the sibling of the female who taught Kingship hand language after I returned her to her place of residence meeting him there who was rude in his treatment towards me despite his female sibling telling him off." 
He glared at Aiden in response as he heard Torrin speaking gibberish and saw movement belonging to the Drainer seated in the throne chair he looking to catch the male signing words he reading "Have this humanoid be sent to the brig to be whipped for his rudeness towards you Aiden. Behavior like that isn't tolerated towards us." 
He heard Torrin speaking gibberish as the Drainer King he assumed was the signing Drainer jabbed a finger aimed at him which he felt rage stormed towards the ruler who's mouth form a thin line seeing him charging towards him as he felt a hard thin object connect with the back of his legs making him kneel along with another hard thin object hitting the back of his head making him slide to the floor on his stomach which he shook his head and rolled onto his back to see Torrin come into view holding something shiny curved in his hand and brought it slamming it down onto his forehead repeatedly till he felt himself passing out unconscious.

Eric woke up with rages on padded floor with out wearing his breathing device saw distorted blue figure and attacked while feeling headache of mind scanned. The rages temporarily went away he saw he was in a low lighted ceiling padded room attacking a male Highlander wearing pants and nothing on. Rages as he breathed through his mouth kept on coming onto him as his mind he felt continued to be scanned by the Highlander who kept up the mind scanning while avoiding his attacks of fists aimed at him. Smoke he saw arrived knocking him out which he woke up chained while held up feet on the ground while feeling a whip hitting his back having breathing device back on and rages not in control. 
He saw Torrin standing behind gated bars who spoke "The whipping machine is programmed to hit you at each movement so stay still if I were you."
Eric saw Torrin walking away out of sight seemingly gone lengthy till he felt annoyed breathed through mouth feeling the rages freed himself from chains despite repeated whipping and went to front of the cell. He felt sick abruptly while seeing water on the floor pooling around his feet which was arriving from a hidden source. He felt himself the familiar sleepiness in response to hear Torrin’s voice yelling words he didn't get it his talk. He felt hands lifting him up as he fell unconscious. 

Eric came to waking up in a grey room on a bed with Niya besides him. The Drainer King he saw was sitting in a chair in front of a table with a Drainer looking feminine while lowering a cup who put it on the table noticing him awake. Eric felt himself angry got up from the bed as the Drainer King got up and met him in the middle of the room. He raised his fist and punched the taller than him Drainer King who didn't react in pain from the punching then he felt himself feeling upset as tears come from his eyes. 
Drainer King he eyed while crying signed "I'm sorry for hurting your sibling in such a terrible way hence you rude towards one of us in response."
Eric without a word leaned his form onto Drainer King while crying away. Drainer King he felt placed a human like hand on his back then led him back to the bed which he cuddled with a sleeping Niya holding her in his arms as he fell asleep falling unconscious. 

Eric came to find himself back in his body while feeling better and not suffering from the poisonous effects of water hitting him while lying on a bed chained with his right hand held by a sleeping Drainer King sitting in a chair. Eric felt himself shocked but felt his anger toward the Drainer King was gone. He felt a needle in his left arm he saw attached to a tube leading to a bag almost empty with white liquid dripping into the tube which he recognized as the medicine helping him heal from the poisonous effects of water on his skin.
Drainer King he looked at woke up letting go of his hand as he finger spelled noticing the ruler eyeing his hand "I apologize for my rudeness towards Aiden. My feelings of caring towards my sibling I heard being hurt by you and your people according to Aiden telling me after he returned my sibling got me furious enough to not want to do anything towards you and your people in peaceful terms."
Drainer King he eyed picked up round shiny metal object from a chain around his neck and put his mouth on one end appearing to blow it he hearing a familiar sound indicating a whistle getting a female Drainer into view wearing some coat indicated medic status. 
Drainer King he eyed spit out the whistle he assumed it was still attached by chain and signed towards the medic "Give the Sun Lord his female and make it snappy on that. I don't care if she's still asleep or not for I insisted on this happening period."
The Medic he eyed heard gibberish spoken from her in some feminine guttural tone before walking out of sight which he shifted to eye the Drainer King who folded his arms odd hand arm underneath his human like hand's arm and saw the ruler was looking in the direction where the female left seemingly appearing to look impatient to him. Eric frowned as the Medic came back with Torrin holding an unconscious Niya still wearing her nightgown who he placed her side on top of him he feeling himself happy from her on him which he rubbed his chin on her forehead and he fell asleep passing out unconscious.

Eric woke up finding himself back in his bed in his Sun Lord quarters while spoon fashioning Niya who was asleep. He discovered it was morning by the glaring open window shade and felt his breathing device and gloves still on him. He rolled Niya over on her back and took one of her hands onto his cheek held by his hand and kissed her on the mouth that woke to kiss him back. She he felt placed a hand on his other cheek while kissing him. He felt himself happy being back in his home as Sun Lord as he continued to kiss Niya despite still annoyed with having to do that behavior towards her. 
He heard blaring "Your Majesty there's a pressing matter that required your attention immediately."
Eric with relief broke off the kiss and got up finding Jiang shutting the door to the bedroom in response. He frowned wondering what Jiang had in mind for him as he got dressed and left the bedroom seeing Jiang staring at Niya in the doorway before she shut the door hiding her from view. Eric stood to see two Highlanders with cuffs on standing in the room with four Highlanders holding hand guns in their hands pointed at the cuffed Highlanders. 
Jiang he eyed spoke verbalizing his words "The two Highlanders cuffed and two others not yet found were seen on a recorder monitor of security showing them knocking out the guards in your quarters, going into your bedroom, injecting you and the Mistress with drugs and carrying the both of you out. You were tracked to the balcony where two Drainers, one identified as Jimo that formally spoke for the Rakcar and one with a triangle shaped hat arrived and took you both away by globe travel. This happened before a cold snow storm hit the city for a certain period of time hence we not being able to go out searching for you both." 
Eric felt himself angry at the talk which he walked to stand in front of the two cuffed Highlanders who he saw weren't meeting his eyes. He used his hands fisted to punch them both in the stomach area and Highlanders bend down groaning in pain. 
Eric turned and looked at Jiang who scanned his mind as he mentally spoke "Take these two away and see about getting them punished harshly for this stunt they pulled. I expect the other two to be found immediately and suffer twin punishment as well."
Eric walked away as the cuffed highlanders at Jiang’s head cock he saw were taken out of the quarters. Eric went to the table to eat his food. He noticed Jiang order Niya out of the bedroom by going to the bedroom door and telling her to come out for its safe which she obeyed to find her coming out to sit next to him eating. 

Chapter twenty four
Eric woke up lying on his back feeling Niya lying on her stomach on top of him with his arms around her while sensing the sun shining through the open shade window which was showing a familiar Waker plant again. He stared at the ceiling and recalled fully the previous day on meeting eight new Highlander guards in the guards' eating room who he recognized came from the Rakcaran warship. He continued to recall fully on hearing a crash sound to see two Highlanders in the room in his line of sight in a corner hit the floor unconscious making him confused to that. Eric recalled looking at Jiang who shot his head towards the new guards before nodding his head in some Human yes gesture. 
Eric wound up getting from Jiang "The other guards pointed out responsible for the kidnapping incident have been found. Do what His Majesty orders on seeing them punished harshly for this."
He exhaled a breath through his mouth recalling the two guards taken out of the room unconscious before he was escorted back to his quarters and ordered to bed by Jiang insisting on it using the excuse of the doctor ordered it. He inhaled through the tubes in his nose and with a gloved hand gently scratched Niya’s cheek who stirred with a moaning sound. He felt her push her cheek in his rubbing fingers as she lifted her head to stare at him with affection in her eyes. Eric smiled a small smile in response as he rubbed her back and she lowered her head to touch his lips with her lips in a kiss which he kissed her in response. He broke off the kiss as Niya reached with a hand and rubbed his cheek then he released his hold around her as she got up from the bed and went to the dresser next to it. He picked up the breathing device and got up from the bed placing the device on the dresser as he pulled open a drawer and yanked off his gloves then closed the drawer to pull open another one where his underwear shorts and Sun Lord clothes were seen. He pulled out his clothes and put them on while clipping the device on and bent to put on his boots. He turned to stare at Niya dressed in the Mistress outfit that finished tying her braided hair with a string. He continued to watch her as she pulled the hood up covering her hair and stared as she walked to him putting her gloved hands on his chest which he accepted but refrained from stiffening. Eric exhaled air as Niya took her hands from his chest which she turned and gestured towards the bedroom door. He left the room first with her following him. He went to the eating table walking pass a watchful Jiang having relief in the male's eyes that hid the expression on his face as he went and sat down as Niya sat down next to him in front of trays of food and drink. He ate and drank the food as Niya did the same then once finished he leaned back as Highlanders took the trays away going to the kitchen unit. He didn't protest as Niya gripped his gloved hand in a gentle move showing regret on her face making him confused but refused to answer to his sign language questions he asking her what was going on. Eric found himself ignored by Niya repeatedly all day she refusing to answer his sign language questions aimed at her on why she seemed upset and appeared to be crying to him. He found himself annoyed and once at night put on his pajamas and gloves before laying his form onto the bed back to Niya's side of the bed. He shut his eyes as Niya got into bed with him who he felt a compulsion to roll over and grip her in his arms which he proceeded to do. Eric exhaled air as he slept on the bed with Niya wrapped in his arms. He sensed Niya’s hands on his cheeks followed by her lips touching his. He kissed her back as a heaviness feeling arrived which he rolled on his back as she stopped kissing him. He felt her get up from the bed and heard a click of the lamp turned on. Eric struggled against the heaviness as he heard the drawers to the dresser open and close followed by silence. Then he felt a gloved hand on his cheek which the hand left him. He heard the door to the room open and closed as he felt himself falling unconscious. 

Chapter twenty five
Eric woke up with a jerk to sense it was daylight outside by the glowing shade covering the window. He shook his head grabbing the breathing device and got up to stare at Niya’s empty side of the bed as he went to the bathroom door yanking it open. He stared at the bathroom’s contents which was empty of occupants. He went to her dresser and yanked open the drawers. Niya’s Mistress uniform he saw wasn’t in it the dresser. Frowning he saw her nightgown in a drawer folded along with brown clothing and shoes in one drawer. Exhaling air he went to his dresser on the side of the bed which placing the device on top of it while feeling a range of emotions to not having Niya with him. He yanked open drawers and began changing his clothes to the Sun Lord uniform while bending down to put on his boots. He stared at Niya’s side of the bed as if drawn then left the bedroom to the living room where Jiang stood averting his eyes not looking at him. Eric frowned as he saw an outline of a Zeskaya standing with arms folded nearby and he went to the table to sit eating his food which he saw there was just one tray full of dishware of food and drink set on it. Once finished with the nourishment he leaned back as a Highlander guard took the tray and he again stared at Jiang who refused to meet his eyes. He got up and went to the other end of the table to grab his mask which he put on covering his head and face. He went to the spare bedroom walking inside to see one of Rick and Brianna's twins a male named Rick looking older but still babyish standing in his crib with an upset look on his face. Brianna looking older but still babyish he saw was in another crib asleep as he recalled fully that Trevor must have balked Jiang's recommendation on who'll raise the twins by keeping them in his care to his disgust. Eric walked to the crib Rick was in and with his gloved hands lifted the child out to hold him in a hug. He went to Brianna’s crib and placed Rick inside next to Brianna who woke up to look at her brother. He stood watching as Rick lay down next to his sister who placed her head on his chest while closing her eyes. Eric looked to see Rick’s face turn from upset look to a peaceful look as he closed his eyes while placing his hands on his sister’s head. Eric exhaled air from the memory of Ionela as a child doing Brianna's sleeping behavior towards him as a child and slowly left the room gently closing the door. He went to Jiang who turned his head away from him and tapped the Highlander on the shoulder. Jiang to his annoyance kept his head away from facing him as Eric narrowed his eyes in a glare boring at the Highlander. He turned his head towards the other Highlander guards who averted their eyes some bowing their heads to look down to the floor. 
Eric went inside his bedroom slamming the door while mentally yelling “Merra what's going on by the guards avoiding looking at me, when I want to get some orders done mentally?!”
He heard the feminine voice of Merra speaking “Two Builders a Humanoid species known for manipulating people to do orders via compelling voice tones during the night while you were asleep arrived to take Niya. They claim she is a part of their species as in indicating on being partially Builder as reason for taking her with them. I have managed to scan Niya's mind and found nothing to indicate this Builder status but a status of being partially Zeskaya to explain why she's outliving people in her life. This is shared with you being partially Zeskaya in question. The Builders were overheard programming your guards to not to tell you or scan you till a certain period has passed.”
He mentally spoke with sarcasm “Great just great on my guards but at least I'm rid of Niya anyway.” 
He felt the headache left him as Merra left his mind. Eric stormed to the dresser next to the bedroom door while yanking off the mask. He tossed the mask on top of the dresser and spied the box holding Brianna’s necklace. Exhaling air he grabbed the box and yanked the cover open and halted staring at the necklace nestled inside it as an image of a smiling Niya wearing nothing on her came to his mind giving him a feeling of pleasure hitting him. 
Eric mentally spoke as his eyes widen with shock “It’s Niya who I want and not Brianna.”
He placed the cover back on the box and placed the box back on top of the dresser as he grabbed his mask and yanked it back over his head. He walked out of the bedroom walking through the living room to the quarters’ door which one of the guards standing in front of it opened it. He walked out walking through the hallway sensing Jiang following him towards the elevator which he got in where three Highlanders stood inside. 
He felt the headache of his mind scanned and mentally spoke “I want to see Brianna.” 
He felt the headache left him as the elevator went down with a humming sound and stop revealing the hallway with the familiar shield devices in front of the familiar door. He walked towards the shield yanking off part of his jacket with the attached glove baring his clawed hand and stuck it in the shield which disappeared as the door opened. He put the jacket and attached glove back on as he walked into the room. He yanked off his mask and thrust it at Jiang who gripped it with his gloved hands then continued walking towards the platform where Brianna lay enclosed in glass. He reached the coffin to stand next to it and he placed a gloved hand on the top of the glass part as he stared at Brianna. 
He mentally spoke “I loved you, Brianna but lost you to death. I found another, Niya, who I realize I now love.”
He paused to stare at Brianna’s form as he raised his gloved hand fisting it. 
He shifted his eyes towards the gloved hand in a fist he mentally continued “I oath to you I will not lose Niya to anything even death. I’ll see to it.”
He shifted his eyes towards Brianna and waved his fist as he mentally added “I declare Niya as my love and my mate who I value with my life.” 
He paused to lower his fisted hand to his side as he stared at Brianna then turned and walked towards Jiang who he saw wouldn’t meet his eyes while handing him the mask which he put on. He walked out of the room towards the elevator and went inside followed by Jiang which went up with a humming sound. The elevator stopped at a floor which he walked out walking pass doorways towards the open door of his quarters. He walked inside while hearing the door close behind him as he went to his bedroom slamming the door. He yanked off the mask tossing it on top of the dresser next to the door and walked towards the dresser next to his side of the bed. He bent down and yanked open the bottom drawer of the four drawer dresser. Eric straightened up to stare at his clothes and shoes he wore when he lived in the water ship lay folded inside. He placed his gloved hands on the dresser while standing in bent position eyes staring at the clothes. 
He mentally spoke “Perhaps I should give up the position I’m nothing without Niya standing at my side with me.” 
He heard the door to the room open as he continued staring at the clothes sitting in the drawer while still repeating his words. Eric stiffened as he felt pressure of a hand gripping his right shoulder and turned his head to stare at Kossman without the mask on staring at him with a look of awareness on his face he stiffened figuring out that the Zeskaya had some kind of mental mind communication ability. 
He stared at Kossman who spoke mentally sounding in his mind “Eric, the Zeskaya need you to lead us.” 
Eric straightened up as his face formed a glare and with a hand yanked Kossman’s hand from his shoulder to turn facing the Zeskaya while pointing a finger towards the open door and mentally speaking "Get out!" 
Kossman continued with pleading tones still using the mental talk “You are valued as a leader of the Zeskaya. Don’t abandon us because Niya left you.”
Eric folded his arms eyes narrowing at Kossman who he saw had a pleading look in his eyes as the Zeskaya added “Please don’t give up the leadership, we need you to lead us. Without a Sun Lord leading us, we’re nothing.”
Eric angrily brought his fist throwing it in Kossman’s stomach who groaned some sound as he sensed a light flashing from the doorway along with a door slamming sound. He looked to see a Zeskaya with a mask on walk into the room. He gave Kossman a glare and went to the dresser holding his mask and yanked it on. He sensed hands grabbed his arm which he struggled as the masked Zeskaya grabbed his other arm and found himself forcefully moved towards the open bathroom doorway as he stepped through it. Eric blinked his eyes to find himself in the Zeskayas' familiar room with the Zeskayas still holding onto him. He struggled against their grip as they forced him towards a chair with clamps on the armrests and he was forced to sit. The clamps on the chair’s armrests clamped around his lower arms locking him in position. He narrowed his eyes of anger as Zeskayas appeared standing in the room.
Kossman he heard spoke “He’s angry for his female being claimed to be part Builder left him to join the Builders.”
Eric saw Kossman yank out a rolled cloth from his waist and unrolled it before putting it on covering his head revealing a barrel shaped mask. He jerked against the clamps holding him in the chair as he saw a Zeskaya walk forward towards Kossman head leaning next to his head and heard whispering words spoken in foreign language he assumed was the gibberish. He glared at Kossman who spoke in foreign language then turned and walked towards a wall that split open showing double doors revealing a travel gate arch which the Zeskaya walked through it which flashed. 
The doors he saw closed covering the gated arch as he heard a new voice speaking “You will receive an expected visitor. Stay hidden till I tell you other wise.” 
He recognized the voice as the Seer’s and saw the double doors open as Zeskayas around him faded turning invisible as the travel gate arch flashed as a figure walked out. Eric bared his teeth seeing the figure was male Human with facial hair of a mustache and a beard while wearing black shiny clothing of a long sleeve shirt and pants. He narrowed his eyes as the Human’s eyes flared golden colored which he recognized to be a Builder as if knowing who or what species he was as the Seer appeared standing next to the figure. 
He watched as the Seer spoke “This is the Zeskayas' leader, Sun Lord, ruler of a planetary world called Terrania. He is angry about his female who is said to be part Builder, leaving him to join your kind.” 
Eric fisted his hands in anger while jerking his arms against the clamps holding him. 
He gnashed his fanged teeth as he kept his eyes on the Builder whose eyes turned brown and spoke “Seer your ear.”
Eric saw the Seer nod his head as the Builder leaned his head towards the Seer’s ear mouth moving words unheard. The Seer he saw nodded his head as the Builder straightened up to stare at him. 
The Seer spoke “Leader, show yourself.” 
Eric watched as a Zeskaya appeared standing besides the Builder as the Seer continued speaking “You heard what was said. He will accept this from you and the Builder will do what he must.” 
Eric kept his eyes on Leader who in a swift motion was suddenly in front of him yanking off his mask which his narrowed eyes glared boring at the Zeskaya who placed the mask on the table. Eric kept his eyes narrowed as Leader placed his Human bare hands on his forehead and he jerked his eyes shut and his head up as a headache arrived to his head. He kept his eyes shut as he felt Leader’s hands left his forehead followed by another pair of hands touching him there. He heard a foreign language said words not understood spoken over and over as he saw in his mind a hallway with open doorways on both sides and stiffened as his eyes turned to look at his right staring at two open doorways. The doorways he saw moved sideways apart as a closed door appeared between them. He stared at the door and with a hand reached for the doorknob and slid the door open as smoke came billowing out of it. 
The image disappeared as Eric heard a voice speaking in a compelling voice tone chanting words over and over “You are immune to Builder voice orders on a permanent basis period.”
He felt the hands left his forehead as the voice stopped talking and he lowered his head to open his eyes to stare at the Builder while unclenching his fisted hands. 
He heard the Seer speak “Zeskayas appear now.” 
Eric watched as Zeskayas appeared from their hidden forms filling up the room as the Seer continued speaking “See that the Sun Lord is returned to his world.” 
He heard Leader’s voice speak “Do what the Seer says.” 
Eric felt the clamps split open as he stood up from the chair and was handed his mask which he put on covering his head. He walked towards a wall as if compelled to find it split showing two stone double doors opened showing a travel gate and felt hands on his shoulders as he walked through it. He blinked his eyes to find himself back in his bedroom alone eyes staring at his dresser with its drawers closed. He yanked off the mask and placed it on the dresser next to the door as he yanked open the bottom drawer. Instead of his water ship clothes and shoes he saw black clothing resembling his Sun Lord uniform along with boots in the drawer. Eric slammed the drawer shut and he placed his gloved hands on top of the dresser as he scowled eyes staring at the wall. 
He felt a headache of his mind scanned and heard Jiang’s voice speaking in his head “I have to close the door to protect your identity. The children need to come out to be fed food, sorry Your Majesty.” 
He heard the door gently closed shut. He narrowed his eyes boring at the wall and with a gnash of teeth yanked his mask off the dresser to put it over his head. He walked out of the bedroom to stand with arms folded staring at two female Highlanders sitting in chairs each holding a child on their laps while spooning food in their mouths from bowls on the table. He stared at Rick and Brianna who each opened their mouths admitting spoons with food on them. Rick he saw jerked his head away from the spoon as the female Highlander placed the utensil back in the bowl and thrust a bottle with an end shaped like a nipple into Rick’s mouth that sucked on it seeing the bottle's contents get sucked down. He saw Brianna do the same and received a twin bottle with a nipple like end put into her mouth and watched her suck on it he figuring was drinking the bottle's contents. Eric kept his eyes onto the children who both spit out the nipples once done sucking despite some liquid left as Rick seeing he threw his arms towards him. 
He heard Jiang speak mentally in his head “Rick wants you to hold him.” 
Eric walked forward as the female Highlander holding Rick got up from the seat walking towards him. He took Rick from the female’s arms and held the child who laid his short black haired head on his form. He rubbed Rick’s back with a hand as he sensed the child stopped moving and looked to see Rick had fallen asleep. He looked to see Brianna held in the arms of a female Highlander had fallen asleep. 
He turned his head to stare at Jiang as he felt the Highlander scan him he mentally spoke “Put Rick and Brianna in one crib to sleep together till they indicate when they want to be separated.” 
He saw Jiang turn his head towards the female Highlander holding Brianna who stared back and nodded her head. He adjusted his hold holding a sleeping Rick and walked to the children’s bedroom walking inside to place the child in a crib as the female Highlander did the same placing a sleeping Brianna next to Rick. Eric straightened up to stand staring at the children sleeping in the crib together and he bent down to place the blanket up to their chests over them then he left the room walking out. 
He saw Jiang staring at him and heard the Highlander mentally speak “Merra talking to me is insisting you go to the balcony and make an appearance to the crowd. She senses their mood is low and needs to be reassured by your presence.”
Eric mentally spoke “Fine.” 
He felt Jiang left his mind and he walked towards the door to the quarters while followed by his personal guard which was opened by a guard and he walked out to the hallway walking towards the elevator which opened showing three Highlanders. He walked inside the elevator and felt it move towards the desired floor which the doors opened showing the hallway with the doorway arches at the end where the balcony rails were seen. He walked out of the elevator and walked underneath the arches to the balcony rails to look down staring at the crowd who cheered some sounds while clapping their hands when they saw him. He stood there watching the crowd as the sun touched the horizon and he turned and left the balcony towards the elevator which went to the floor where his quarters was. Eric walked out of the elevator walking in the hallway followed by Jiang to his quarters which the door was opened by a Highlander and he walked inside to his bedroom closing the door behind him. He yanked off the mask and placed it on the dresser next to the door as he stared at Niya’s side of the bed with a longing feeling running throughout him. Exhaling air he went to the dresser next to his side of the bed yanking open a drawer and began taking off his clothes and boots. He put the breathing device on top of the dresser as he folded the clothes putting them in the drawer along with his boots. He pulled open the drawer holding his pajama pants and gloves which he went to bed after putting them on. He yanked the blankets on his form to his chest as he closed his eyes letting sleep overcome him while gripping Niya's pillow close towards him as he felt regret hitting him.
 
He woke up sensing sunlight shining through the window which glowed and he got up from the bed grabbing the device and went to the dresser next to it. Exhaling air he placed the device on top and pulled open a drawer yanking out his underwear shorts which he put on after exchanging his sleep wear for them while clipping the device to the waist band. He frowned as he placed on the Sun Lord uniform on his form along with bending down to put on his boots. He went to the dresser next to the door and grabbed the mask as he walked out of the bedroom to see Jiang looking at him with his eyes meeting his. Eric frowned as he went to the table where a tray with food in dishes was seen lying on it. He placed the mask on the table as he sat down and picked up the utensil and began eating the food while drinking from a cup. He exhaled air through his nose and once finished with the food and drink leaned back in the chair to place his hands on his lap as a Highlander bent to take the tray off the table in front of him. Eric stared at the wall in front of him letting his mind become blank and he closed his eyes seemingly lengthy to feel a tap on his shoulder along with hearing an ahem noise from Jiang. He exhaled air opening his eyes and stood up grabbing the mask to place over his head. 
He stared at Jiang who he felt scanned him as he mentally spoke “I want to see Brianna.”
Eric saw Jiang nod his head then he left the quarters with the Highlander following him to the elevator that went reaching the desired floor. He walked towards the shield yanking off the glove and part of the jacket off his left side and stuck his bare hand in the shield which disappeared as the door in front of him opened. He walked inside putting on the jacket and glove. He took off the mask and handed it to Jiang as he walked towards where Brianna lay. Eric reaching her coffin stood at its side and laid a gloved hand on the top his eyes staring at Brianna appearing to be asleep inside it. 
Eric mentally spoke “Brianna, if you could see me now. I am Sun Lord, ruler of Terrania.” 
He paused to raise a hand fisting it which his eyes shifted to stare at his hand. 
He mentally added “I rule as protector of this planet, her guardian and I will not let anyone destroy this world as long as I have Niya with me. I rule holding the position as Sun Lord guarding Terrania from harm with Niya with me. That is one oath I aim to keep forever. I will see Terrania destroyed if Niya isn't returned to me period.”
Eric shifted his eyes towards Brianna as he lowered his hand unclenching the fist. 
He mentally continued shutting his eyes “You have my word, Brianna that I will protect Terrania with Niya at my side from those who want to cause harm to the planet and her people. I’ll see to Terrania's protection no matter what with the price tag of having Niya as mine period.”
He opened his eyes to stare at Brianna and mentally spoke “Brianna, Terrania will be protected from harm I oath to you this.”
He rubbed a hand on the coffin’s top and then turned and walked to Jiang who handed him his mask which he put over his head and walked out of the room followed by the Highlander towards the hallway leading to the elevator. He entered the elevator which moved with a humming sound and stopped doors opening revealing the hallway leading to the balcony. 
He looked questioningly at Jiang looking at him and heard the Highlander mentally speak in his mind “Ask Merra, she insisted on this saying that it’s important that you make an appearance now. She wouldn’t give me a reason when I asked her but she kept insisting on this.” 
Eric exhaled air through his mouth and walked out of the elevator towards the balcony rails to stand with hands resting on them as he looked down at the crowd people he saw were in kneeling positions with hands clasped in front of him. He sensed a light flash behind him and turned around to see Niya he assumed was her wearing her Mistress uniform and mask on in front of a doorway arch walking towards him. He stared at her with a range of emotions running through out him as she reaching him hugged him as he wrapped his arms around her. He heard the crowd down below cheer along with clapping noises. 
Eric heard Jiang’s voice in his mind speaking “Appears the people were worried about the Mistress when she didn’t show up with you the previous day.”
He stood holding Niya as the sun touched the horizon and he let go of her as she let go of him. He gripped one of her gloved hands as he and she walked towards the elevator hand and hand which they entered. Eric kept his hand hold on Niya’s hand as the elevator moved with a humming sound and stopped at the desired floor which he walked out with Niya besides him to their quarters. Inside he let go of Niya’s hand to yank off his mask which he placed on the table as she did the same with a blank expression on her face. He placed hands on her shoulders and lowered his head forehead touching hers then straightened up to place one of his hands on her neck gently gripping the area. He formed a glare on his face as he saw a frown appear on Niya’s face as he waved a finger with his other hand in front of her face then he let go of her neck. 
Eric signed “You as my mate never leave me for anything even death. I won’t tolerate this, Niya for I’ll be angry get it?”
He saw Niya nod her head frown still on her face as he pulled her towards him wrapping his arms around her as she did the same. He breathed deeply through the tubes in his nose as he rubbed his chin on Niya’s head. The sunlight he saw peering through the covered porch faded as night time arrived. He let go of Niya as she did the same and walked towards the bedroom with her following him. Inside he stood watching her go the dresser as he closed the door. Eric waved his hands getting Niya’s attention as she looked at him. 
Eric looked at her with determination in his eyes as he signed “There’s a price for leaving me and I expect you to pay.” 
He lowered his hands and turned his head towards the bed then shifted his eyes toward Niya who sighed loudly then she went into the bathroom gently closing the door behind her. Eric went to the dresser on his side of the bed and stripped his form of clothes while putting the device on top of it. He put away his clothes and boots then pulled on his gloves and grabbed the device which he went to the bed yanking the blankets to the foot of it. He lay down on the bed putting the device in between the pillows while staring at the white ceiling. He waited patiently listening for Niya and was rewarded when she came out naked with her folded clothes with shoes in her hands. He shifted to his side to watch her pull open a drawer with a hand and saw her place the clothes and shoes inside it then closed the drawer reaching for the lamp. 
Eric waved his hands and signed as she looked at him “Leave the lamp on. We do this my way.”
He kept his eyes on Niya who laid her form on the bed as he leaned over taking her left hand and putting it in a grip on his right arm. He adjusted his position till he was leaning over her and lowered his head to her neck kissing the area. He heard Niya sigh as he trialed kisses from her neck to her collar bone then went lower to her breast’s nipple as his left hand went to the other breast’s nipple to play with it. He sucked on the nipple while hearing her gasped loudly as he felt her arch pushing into his mouth and stroking hand. He switched sides and used his right hand to stroke the area as his mouth sucked. He stopped sucking to raise his head to stare at Niya whose face with her eyes open displayed a pleasant look while gasping as his left hand went to a breast. He stroked and kneaded her breasts with his gloved hands while staring at Niya’s face then he removed his hands to make a finger walking motion with one hand between her breasts. He moved himself on top of Niya while feeling her move her legs to his sides with her hands touching his chest with his hands on her chest below the breasts thumbs rubbing her. He entered her thrusting in rhythm with her meeting his movements. He kept his eyes staring at her eyes as she stared back as they moved in sexual rhythms. He shook as he spilled himself inside her while hearing her gasp out a moan then became still eyes staring at hers as she stared back at him. Eric sensed the fingers of Niya’s hands rub him with palms on his chest as they both stared at each other. He lowered his head closing his eyes to kiss her on the mouth and felt her kissing him back followed by her hands placed on his cheeks as his hands went underneath her back holding her to him. Eric felt her legs at his sides move locking him in position. Eric heard Niya moan some sound during the kiss which he broke off raising his head to stare at her in the eyes which he saw had hope in them as she stared back at him. 
Niya spoke “Eric, I missed you terribly. I was worried that you wouldn’t accept me for me leaving you.”
Eric smiled at her then lowered his head to again kiss Niya on the lips while closing his eyes as he sensed her kissing him back. Eric tightened his hold on her while feeling her legs tightened around him during the kiss. He exhaled a breath to pull out of Niya as she released her hold around him and then cuddled her. Eric lay in bed on his back with Niya’s head on his chest. He stiffened as he felt her raise her head followed by her lips kissing him on the mouth as a heaviness feeling arrived. Eric struggled against the heaviness as he sensed Niya get up from the bed and heard the sound of a lamp clicking on followed by a drawer opening and closing. 
Eric mentally screamed in his mind “No, Niya, don’t leave me!” 
He felt a gloved hand rubbing his cheek which stopped as the hand left his cheek and heard the door to the room open and close as he fell unconscious. 

Chapter twenty six
Eric frowned to find himself wearing Sun Lord uniform without the mask on while standing on an icy cliff with the moving ocean vast ahead of him. 
He felt anger rising in him and growled out loud voicing his words “I’m angry that the Builders returned Niya and they take her away again Argh.”
He stared at the ocean view which clouded up as blackness arrived and woke up to find himself lying in bed alone with the window glowing light. Eric sat up as anger billowed in him. He grabbed the breathing device and got out of bed yanking the blankets off his form. He slammed the device on top of the dresser as he yanked open the drawer holding his pajamas which he took off his gloves throwing them into the drawer. Baring his teeth he yanked open the drawer holding his underwear shorts, Sun Lord uniform and boots which he took out putting on his form as he clipped the device on him. Once finished dressed Eric stomped towards the closed bedroom door to slam it open and stormed into the living room pausing to stare at Jiang who averted his eyes. He looked at the other Highlanders in the room who all averted their eyes and heads when he stared at them. He narrowed his eyes as hunger rumbled through out him which he went to the table where a single tray full of dishware holding food was seen. He ate and drank once finished pushed the tray away from him then stood up grabbing his mask from the table which he jammed on covering his head. He walked out of the apartment to the elevator and went inside followed by Jiang. 
He heard Jiang speak using his voice “You’re going to the balcony for I insist on this with no protests.” 
Eric looked at Jiang who averted his eyes looking away from him as the elevator stopped at the balcony floor doors opening showing the hallway leading to the balcony. Eric felt hands on his arms from Highlanders pushing him to the arches which they let go as he went to stand in front of the railing. He saw the crowd down below cheering and clapping their cries as he sensed a light flash behind him. He turned around to see a female form wearing the Mistress outfit and mask walking towards him. 
He exhaled air as he thought “Niya.”
He stared at Niya who went to stand in front of him and hugged him which he stiffened in shock as a feeling of dread came to him along with an image of a blonde haired female with blue eyes that glowed golden came to his mind’s eye. 
Eric mentally spoke “What?! She’s not Niya but some other female wearing her clothes!” 
He fisted his hands stiffening further as the female hugged him. 
He mentally added “If it wasn’t for the crowd I would have yanked myself from her and taken her mask off. I can’t believe those Builders told Jiang and the Highlanders to ignore me. I would have questions about Niya leaving me answered.” 
He turned his head to look at the crowd down below as the sun touched the horizon and the female stopped hugging him to grip his gloved hand with one of her hands. He walked into the hallway and yanked his hand out of her grip and stared at Jiang who refused to meet his stare. Eric stormed into the elevator with Jiang and others following him. He fisted his hands as he felt the female grip him by the wrist as the elevator moved reaching the floor to his quarters. He walked out in a fast motion reaching his quarters he went inside and yanked his mask off his face as he tossed it to Jiang who caught it with his gloved hands. Eric folded his arms to glare at the female who took of the mask to show her face was the same as the image he got in his mind’s eye.
The female spoke “My name is Reena.”
He saw Reena’s blue eyes flash golden as he glaring at her went to sit on the couch. Reena to his annoyance sat next to him on the couch and touched his arm which he yanked out of her grip. 
He signed with his hands “Don’t touch me.” 
He glared at Reena who stared at him with a pleasant expression on her face and he again jerked his arm out of her grip. 
He saw a frown come to her face and heard her speak using a voice tone in some compelling voice tone “Stand up.” 
Eric felt himself compelled to obey and stood up as she stood. 
He glared at Reena who again spoke using the compelling voice tone “Hug me.” 
He growled inwardly as his arms went around Reena while feeling her arms go around him with her head on his shoulder. Eric glared at Jiang who turned his head away as he hugged Reena with her arms around him. He gritted his teeth as night time arrived and was relieved when Reena let go of him which he yanked his arms from her. He went to his bedroom with anger boiling in him and felt annoyance as Reena followed him into the bedroom closing the door behind her. 
He folded his arms in a glaring stare at Reena who spoke still using the voice “Take off your clothes.”
Eric felt himself obeying as he took off his clothes putting them away in the dresser while taking out his gloves to put on his hands including putting on his pajama pants as he saw her out of the corners of his eyes take off the Mistress outfit leaving it piled on the floor baring her form. 
He heard Reena speak with the compelling voice “Lay your back on the bed and remove the pants.” 
He obeyed to do it along with yanking the blankets to the foot of the bed and lied down his back on it as she climbed on top of him hands grabbing his sensitive part. Eric felt disgust running throughout him and stiffened as her hands explored him then he watched as she guided him inside her he feeling nothing to indicate of warmth to him but a coldness feeling including an image of Niya flashing in his mind with an angry look on her face. Eric put his hands on her hips as ordered by her as she rocked him with her hands touching his abs he feeling disgusted from the mating and from the coldness that remained hitting him. He bared his teeth as he saw an amused expression on Reena’s face as he spilled himself in her. Eric felt anger rising as Reena laid her form on top of him with his sensitive part still inside her and felt her breathing become deeper. He moved his hands to her hips and felt pain in his left ear from her fingernails digging into it. Her fingernails he felt continued to dig as he tightened his hold on her hips.
He heard Reena speak using the voice “Go to sleep.”
Eric fisted his hands as he felt his eyes close and he fell asleep.

He stood on the icy cliff with anger running throughout him as a light flashed showing a familiar Builder male with black clothing and facial hair with brown hair stood next to him. Eric growled loudly seeing the man’s brown eyes flash golden identifying him as a Builder as if confirming the status. 
Eric spoke as if compelled as the male looked at him “I’m Eric, Sun Lord ruler of a planetary world called Terrania. I’m aware of your kind the Builders who I’m angry about for they have taken my mate Niya away from me.” 
He paused as the Builder moved his mouth and heard no sound come out along with a shocked expression on his face. Eric growled as he brought a fist into the Builder’s stomach that bent down hand grabbing his middle. He angrily brought a foot to the Builder’s knees pushing him to kneel. 
He spoke with anger in his voice as he kicked the Builder in the stomach repeatedly “You Builders took Niya from me. I want her returned to me now.” 
He snarled as anger took control of him and he grabbed the Builder by the clothing on his shoulder and threw him over the cliff. He heard screaming sounds followed by a light flashing below. 
Eric growled out loud with anger running through out him “Reena using me with her voice is not tolerable. She is dead to me for I’ll find a way to kill her anyway I can.” 
He saw a flash of light besides him and looked to see the Builder had returned with a frown on his face. Eric grabbed him with a hand on his throat and began punching the male in the stomach with his other hand. 
He angrily spoke as he punched “I had to put up Niya returned to me and gone. Now I have to put up with a Builder female named Reena or whatever she’s called controlling me with her compelling voice. I’m disgusted that she forced me to mate with her using her voice. I'm also disgusted that a Builder claimed to me that I'm immune to their compelling voice orders when I'm not actually.”
Eric paused from punching as the Builder gave out a scream which he cut off gagging him hard with a hand on his throat. 
He added speaking “I’ll kill Reena the first chance I’ll get to get rid of her.” 
He groaned letting go of the Builder as a foot connected with his sensitive part and he bent down in pain. He roared as he saw the Builder throw himself off the cliff as a light was seen flashing below. 
Eric snarled out loud “I want Reena dead and I will do what it takes to get rid of her. I won’t tolerate other females mating with me for I’ll only accept Niya.”
He cut himself off as a hand grabbed his neck from behind and heard a loud demanding male voice speak in his mind “You will leave Reena alive or you won't have Niya returned to you. Accept this or else."
Eric growled loudly as blackness arrived in his eyes sight. 

Eric jerked his eyes open to find himself back in bed spoon fashioning Reena with his sensitive part still inside her. He felt disgust run throughout him as the room illuminated in light from the glowing window open with shade up again. He felt Reena move as he placed his gloved hands on her hips and got no resistance as he pulled himself out of her rolling to lie on his back. Eric grabbed the breathing device and got up from the bed to place the device on top of the dresser as he yanked open the drawer holding his pajama pants which he yanked off his gloves. He yanked open the drawer holding his Sun Lord uniform. He saw Reena out of the corners of his eyes get up picking up the Mistress uniform which she put on her form as he put his clothes on while clipping the device to him. He formed a blank look on his face as he left the room followed by Reena to the living room table where he sat eating and drinking his food with her sitting next to him. Once finished he stood up and went to stand facing the windows and kept his form loose as he felt her touch his arm. Eric kept his eyes staring out the window as he felt Reena hugged him with her arms around him and her head on his shoulder. 
Eric stiffened as he heard Kossman's voice speaking abruptly “I’m here to take Reena back to her people and I insist on doing this now.” 
He heard Reena speak “I don’t want to go. I’m staying.” 
He heard Kossman speak “Your Builder Leader gave me orders I’m carrying out which I must do.” 
Eric frowned inwardly as he heard Reena speak using the voice “Say that Reena stays.” 
He discovered his mouth stayed shut as Reena spoke again with pleading in her voice “Please let me stay, please say the words.” 
He saw Kossman walk in his line of sight and kept his arms to his sides as the Zeskaya grabbed Reena and yanked her repeating her words out of his line of sight. He exhaled air as he heard a door slam from behind him and went to lean on one of the windows. 
He bared his teeth as he heard Jiang’s voice speaking behind him “Your Majesty would you go see Brianna?” 
Eric closed his mouth and leaned his head on the window and heard Jiang’s voice again speaking “Your Majesty, go see Brianna for it’ll be good for you.” 
He mentally spoke as he continued to lean on the window “No not today.” 
He stared out the window tuning out Jiang’s voice speaking behind him as he watched the sun go down the horizon followed by night time arriving. Exhaling air Eric went to his bedroom to stare at the bed. 
He mentally spoke “Niya, I miss you and I want you back to me.” 
He saw a flash of light out of the corners of his eyes to see a black haired female with blue eyes flashing golden wearing the Mistress uniform who appeared into view. He fisted his hands as anger arrived throughout him and went to the dresser which he pulled open a drawer with force. He yanked off his clothes and boots leaving his underwear shorts on as he saw out of the corners of his eyes the female taking off the Mistress uniform showing a short brown dress on her form. He narrowed his eyes as the female put away the Mistress uniform in the dresser on her side of the bed as he went to lie on it. He angrily yanked the blankets onto his form as he felt the female get into the bed and rolled on his side back facing her as he closed his eyes. 

Eric stood on the icy cliff wearing the Sun Lord uniform with gloved hands fisted. He felt a tap on his shoulder and turned around to face a taller male with a Human face in a glare wearing white animal skin clothing. He saw held in the male’s right hand was a torch cauldron staff and he saw a silver crown on the man’s long black haired head. Eric stared at the male with confusion as if not recognizing him despite he looking familiar towards him and stiffened as the crowned male grabbed his neck with his bare left hand. 
He heard a loud demanding male voice speak in his mind “I am called King Winter, Ruler of the Snow and the Cold who is annoyed with you. You will cease using your fists onto the Builder Leader dubbed William and apologize to him or else."
Eric coughed as he was freed and pushed to face the ocean as a light flashed besides him. He turned to look at the familiar Builder he assumed was their leader dubbed William standing next to him with a glare on his face. 
Eric spoke “I’m sorry. I’m just angry about losing Niya.” 
He looked away as tears fell crying as his knees became weak and he fell to his knees arms hugging his form. He saw blackness arrive and found himself back in bed lying on his back as he sensed light shining in his bedroom. He rolled to face Niya’s side of the bed to see it was empty and felt a feeling of numbness overtake him. 
He laid in the bed unknowingly of the time ignoring Jiang's repeated mental voice order ordering him up which he would mentally say repeatedly "I don't have a life without Niya so leave me alone to sleep."
Eric kept it up only to pass out unconscious once night fell to dream of the cliff again to get gagged by King Winter blaring in his mind "You will cease stopping your life for anything and resume it. I oath to you that Niya will be returned to you so keep on living your life as Sun Lord now or I won't keep my oath."
He felt his eyes forced shut to pass out unconscious to come to hearing Jiang's familiar voice blaring in his mind to get up. Exhaling air he got up from the bed and went to the dresser yanking open a drawer and began putting on his clothes. He left the bedroom to stare at Jiang who averted his eyes seeing him. Shaking his head he went to the table and began eating and drinking his food. 
Once finished with the food Eric pushed the tray away and heard Jiang’s voice speaking “Your Majesty, you should go visit Brianna.” 
He picked up the mask and covered his head with it as he stood up as Jiang spoke in a firmer voice tone insisting on him to see Brianna making him annoyed. Eric walked out of the quarters followed by Jiang to the elevator which went down and opened showing the hallway leading to the shielded door. Eric felt annoyance take hold as he was pushed out of the elevator towards the shield and compelled to yank his sleeve and glove off of him baring his hand. He stuck his hand into the shield as if compelled then put the clothing back on as the shield turned off with the metal door opening. He yanked off his mask and thrust it to Jiang once inside the room as he walked to Brianna’s coffin. Once reaching it he felt tears come to his eyes along with his knees becoming weak. He fell to his knees then slid to lie on the floor on his side with hands on his head as he silently wept. He closed his eyes and found himself standing on the icy cliff with King Winter standing next to him with a glaring face. 
Eric spoke “My mate Niya was claimed to be partially Builder by the Builders species themselves and was taken from me by them. I made an oath to protect Terrania where I’m ruler, the Sun Lord, from any kind of planetary destruction which the price must be Niya has to be my mate and retuned to me period for that protection to happen.” 
He paused then added “Niya was taken for the second time which has me upset. They gave me two females who I don’t want for I only want Niya. I’m not happy with this.”
He felt King Winter’s hand touch his forehead and felt the hand lower to his eyes closing them as he found himself back lying on the floor while feeling a hand shaking his arm. 
He looked to see Jiang squatting next to him who spoke using his voice “Your Majesty if you want to sleep, I suggest you do it in the bedroom of your quarters and not here.” 
He exhaled air and got up from the floor as Jiang straightened his form handing him the Sun Lord mask which he put on. He walked out of the room to the elevator which went up and stopped. Eric walked out to his quarters which he walked inside and walked into his bedroom closing the door behind him. He yanked off the mask and placed it on the dresser next to the bedroom door as tears flowed. He went to the bed laying his form on it on his side facing Niya’s side of the bed. 
He mentally spoke “Niya.” 
Eric grabbed her pillow and cradled it in his arms as he stared at the wall unknowingly of the time. The lamps to the room abruptly turned off as night vision came to his eyes sight and he closed his eyes as if compelled allowing him to sleep mindlessly. 

Eric found himself back on the icy cliff. He felt a hand on his arm and looked to see Niya with a frown on her face. He reached for Niya who abruptly backed away and walked away from him. 
He felt confusion as she jumped off the cliff as he screamed “Niya!”
The view went black as he found himself back in bed and he opened his eyes to stare at the wall. 
He felt a headache followed by Merra’s voice speaking in his mind “I’ve been in contact with the Builders living on Terrania. They tell me that Niya will stay with them on a permanent basis along with having you mate with their females to create offsprings. I told those fools that you can’t live without Niya repeatedly but the Builders aren’t listening to me. They told me that if you refuse to mate with their females they won't protect the planet from the Rakcar's planetary destruction due to being aware of that species from arriving via their own space ship.”
He felt anger arriving as Merra paused then continued “I tried to manipulate the Builders in returning Niya with my manipulation power but I discovered that their immune to it along with an ability to ignore me yelling in their minds with a very loud voice. I’ll be back.” 
Eric closed his eyes as Merra left his mind. He dreamed of himself wearing the Sun Lord mask standing on the balcony at night time with Jiang and Highlanders lying on the floor appearing to be unconscious. He in the dream stood holding a limp black haired female whose blue eyes were open flashing golden as he tossed her over the balcony railing then he walked away. The dream changed to show him in his quarters without mask on looking out the windows as he saw the rising sun outside and buildings bursting apart as balls of fire hit them. 
He stood watching as fire balls fell from the sky as tears fell from his eyes as he mentally spoke “Niya.” 
Then darkness arrived within his mind.

Eric heard Merra’s voice yell in his head blaring him awake abruptly “Wake up!” 
He woke up as he felt Merra still scanning his mind to hear door to bedroom open. He got up from the bed as a familiar black haired female flaring eyes of a Builder before leaving them Human blue while wearing the Mistress uniform with no mask came into his room.
Eric felt Merra still scanning his mind mentally spoke ignoring her "I have to kill this Builder female just to get those Builders the lesson that I want Niya only and no other female period. I'm not mating with other females. Just Niya will do period. I want to die if I can't have Niya in my life period and yes I will let Terrania be destroyed too."
He ignored the female to get dressed in his clothes and ignored his mask to go to the Builder female who put hands on his shoulders angling her face for a kiss he figuring out what she had in mind. 
Eric placed hands onto her head thinking "I'll kill her by snapping her neck."
He found the female disappearing in a flash of light which he howled mentally "Merra! Stupid Builders, I have to kill one of their females just to get what I want!” 
He heard Merra yell “How many times must I tell you to get you to listen?!” 
He frowned as Merra paused then heard her add yelling “It’s your loss! Don’t blame me when she dies!” 
Eric frowned further as he heard Merra speaking with a calm tone “Those Builders are stupid, not caring about anything but themselves. They won’t listen to me. Anyway have fun killing that Builder female. Hopefully they’ll listen to me this time. Harrumph.” He heard the door to bedroom open and stood staring as the same Builder female wearing the Mistress uniform entered the room walking to stand in front of him staring at him. He exhaled air through the tubes in his nose as she placed gloved hands on his chest and he placed his gloved hands on her head. He saw her eyes close head rising up as he lowered his face and with a glare tightened his hold on her head and frowned as she disappeared in a flash of light. 
He mentally spoke Merra's name with a questioning tone as he heard her speak “Some Builder female I heard apparently listening to me screamed for her return which I returned her. I’m scanning those Builders to see who screamed and see if their really listening to me. I’ll let you know what’s going on later just sit tight.” 
He frowned as Merra left his mind and went to the bed to sit staring at the window which stopped glowing. Eric lay on the bed and closed his eyes to find himself back on the icy cliff facing William who had an angry look on his face. 
Eric frowned as William spoke “What are you doing trying to destroy a planet all for a female you want back?”
Eric stared at William who snarled “I’m not returning Niya not without a very high price tag which you’ll pay dearly for this.” 
Eric stiffened as he saw King Winter appear behind William with eyes boring at the Builder Leader with torch cauldron part of staff near the Builder Leader’s head. 
William continued speaking “The price tag is you being replaced as Sun Lord with one of our kind.” 
Eric folded his arms and formed a smirk look on his face as William cut himself off to stare at him. 
Eric spoke “I don’t think you know what life is like being Sun Lord.” 
William replied “Of course I know what the Sun Lord does, rules Terrania with people doing his bidding.” 
Eric felt disgust spoke “Where’s did you get this idea, William? The position is nothing for raising people's moods and moral.” 
William spoke “You’re lying. How did you know my name for I never told you?”
Eric frowned as he replied “I got the name from King Winter ruler of the snow and the cold.”
William he saw narrowed his eyes while flaring golden colored spoke “There’s no such person who rules the snow and the cold called King Winter.” 
Eric saw King Winter standing behind William bare his teeth revealing fangs as the Cold Lord grabbed the male on the neck area with a hand while glaring at the Builder Leader who widened his eyes looking at him. Eric watched as he saw a range of emotions on William’s face and assumed that King Winter was talking to the Builder Leader. 
He watched as William’s face turned to pain and heard the Builder Leader groan out “All right King Winter is real, ah, ah, ah.” 
Eric frowned as William repeated the word ah several times as King Winter’s glaring eyes narrow boring at the Builder Leader who was still showing a painful look on his face while staring at the Cold Lord. 
He continued to frown as William added in a loud tone “Don’t take my female! I can’t live without her!” 
He heard William cut himself off to say ah followed by groaning loudly and continued speaking “I get it your words, King Winter how Eric feels without Niya in his life which I know I would feel the same way without my Liana in my life.” 
Eric folded his arms frown on his face as William paused then added “Oh ah no wonder that castle was there in the ice where we took it as our home after landing our ship onto the area. We destroyed a Rakcaran homing beacon orbiting the planet that would signal other Rakcar's ships of the planet's location. The homing beacon would make other Rakcaran ships to arrive and cause their destruction of taking over the planet underneath their control to use up the planet's resources their way before leaving to do the same destruction to another planet over and over towards planetary worlds. Why didn’t you reveal yourself to us when we first started living in your castle?”
Eric stared at William who paused and then continued speaking “Oh Merra a sentient mind walking plant living on the ocean told you not to reveal yourself because of our closed minds to not believing things your claiming she scanned our minds and figure out that theory. All right I believe you, now stop choking me.”
Eric narrowed his eyes forming a glare on his face as William groaned out ah word followed by speaking “King Winter, please, I’ll do what you say by giving back Niya to Eric if you don’t kick us out of your home. We have no place to live where we can be isolated from the world so let us stay.” 
Eric glared at William who spoke ah repeatedly and then added “We like being isolated from other races for it keeps us from the races’ complaints about their problems as said in our faces over and over at whatever planetary world we visit. We got fed up with this complaint use and went to find a planet full of life where we could live isolated which is where this planet was found with your castle alone with no life signs sensed. This isolation and avoiding other races' using us for complaints really helps keeps us sane for we have very nasty angry tempers easily blown which makes us go insane enough to cause terrible destruction causing deadly harm towards people which doesn't matter if we use our fists or voices. This is something we wish to avoid doing towards the planet's natives of Terrania hence we isolated at the moment.” 
Eric fisted his hands as William again groaned out ah repeatedly followed by speaking “King Winter, please, stop choking me.” 
Eric watched as King Winter released William who coughed groaning loudly hand on his neck. He saw King Winter place a hand on William’s forehead lowering it to his eyes and the Builder Leader disappeared in a flash of light. 
Eric stood staring at King Winter who walked up to him placing a hand on his neck and he heard the Cold Lord’s voice speak “William and his people current live in my castle as their sanctuary kept isolated from the natives of Terrania who aren't aware of my home or its location. I have threatened to kick the Builders out if William doesn't keep his word and returns Niya to you which will happen by Merra transporting her. She is aware of me and will do what I ask her. Get some sleep Eric, Niya will return once Merra is aware of me asking her and the Builders agreeing to this."
Eric exhaled air as King Winter placed a hand on his forehead and lowered it closing his eyes. Eric jerked as he found himself lying in his bed in his quarters with his eyes closed. He mouthed the word Niya as a small smile formed on his lips and he adjusted his position to lie on his back hands still clutching Niya’s pillow as he let himself stay sleeping dreams of Niya. 

Chapter twenty seven
Eric heard Merra’s voice in his head yell “Wake up!” 
He woke up with confusion as Merra continued speaking “Eric I can’t transport Niya to you because of where she is in the castle and that my transportation orders have been repeatedly blocked. I’ll have to transport you to the castle which King Winter has agreed to this. Get up and take off your jacket. You might need your hands bare if you wound up in a fight.” 
Eric obeyed getting up from the bed yanking off his jacket which he put away in the dresser and stood staring at the wall as he blinked his eyes and found himself standing in a small snowy field with stone walls surrounding him to see Builders mostly males wearing twin black clothing standing surrounding him with golden eyed glares on their faces.
Eric heard Merra speak “This is Eric, Sun Lord ruler of Terrania, mate of Niya.”
He heard a male voice speak “Merra is telling the truth.”
He turned to look at William standing at his side with arms folded.
William spoke “Bring Eric to Niya now.”
He saw William gesture to a Builder who turned and walked away which he followed reaching a doorway that was spilling water which he backed away and balked following.
He felt hands on his arms pulling him to the doorway which he struggled fighting as he heard Merra’s voice speaking “Water can kill Eric like poison.”
He heard a Builder male voice with sarcasm “Bring Eric to the dining hall and have Niya meet him there.”
Eric didn’t resist as the Builders pulled him away down the snowy field to a set of double doors which one of them opened showing a large room with three long dining tables and benches besides them. He saw Builders both males and females in the room look his way from drinking cups in their hands. Eric found himself pushed to an empty spot on the bench at an end and pushed in a sitting position which he sat with a frown on his face. He didn’t have long to wait as the doors opened showing a blonde haired Builder male wearing grey clothing had a hand on a female’s shoulder he saw was Niya wearing brown clothing which was a dress and boots on her feet. Eric stood up letting his face become blank as the male escorted a head down Niya towards him. He walked towards them and frowned inwardly as the male and Niya halted a bit from him which he stopped walking to stare. 
The male he saw had a sneering look on his face as the Builder he assumed was his species despite having longer hair than any of the other Builders who spoke “Niya, Eric is here, look up and tell him what you want-”
The male was interrupted by William’s loud voice speaking loudly “Lix, I’m challenging you for the leadership.”
He saw the male turn around hands switching to stay on Niya’s shoulder.
He saw William standing at the doorway with King Winter besides him as the Builder Leader continued “I meant it what I say. I get the feeling that people are seeing you, Lix as the leader while I’m nothing but a figurehead, hence my challenge.”
Eric turned his attention to Niya as the room became silent, who slowly lifted her head showing fear in her eyes. He raised one of his clawed hands towards her as he let affection show in his eyes as the fear look in Niya’s eyes changed to hope. He stood staring at her watching as she fisted one of her hands and brought it down hard against the Builder male's sensitive area who groaned loudly releasing his hold on her while bending down hands onto the area. Eric walked forward as Niya ran to him which he brought his arms around her holding her in a hug as she placed her hands on his cheeks rubbing. He lowered his face as she raised hers and their lips met in a kiss, eyes still open. Eric broke off the kiss to smile a small smile at her as she wrapped her hands on the back of his neck while leaning her head on the side of his chin.
Eric heard Merra speaking “I suggest you and Niya leave the room before the Builders lose their temper. The Builders won’t stop you leaving so go now.”
Eric released his hold on Niya as she went to stand on his side gripping his left arm. He and Niya together walked to the doorway and left the room followed by King Winter who closed the doors behind them with a slam. Outside it was snowing softly as Eric turned to hug Niya with her arms around him. He blinked his eyes to find themselves back in their quarters with Jiang standing nearby staring at him with his eyes as night time shined from the windows. He exhaled air letting go of Niya who he escorted into the bedroom. He closed the door behind them as Niya went to the bed picking up her folded Mistress uniform found on the bed which she put away in the dresser. Eric went to his dresser and began taking off his Sun Lord uniform baring himself as he put on his gloves. He saw Niya out of the corners of his eyes take off the dress and boots revealing her naked form. He picked up the device and stood staring at her as she met his eyes. He with a hand grabbed the blankets and yanked them to the foot of the bed then stared at her as she lay on the bed. He lay down on the bed putting the device between the pillows and moved himself on top of Niya who parted her legs accommodating him. He felt her hands running in his hair as he entered her with his sensitive part with his hands at her sides with his thumbs rubbing her. Eric stared at her in the eyes which showed affection in them as he smiled at her as he and Niya moved in a gentle slow rhythm. He felt her hands went to his cheeks rubbing them as he stared at her in the eyes. Eric shook from pleasure as he spilled himself inside her while hearing her gasp out a long moaning sound. He felt her legs lock around him as moved his hands underneath her back and he lowered his face as she raised hers lips meeting.
He heard Niya moan some sound and broke off the kiss to stare at her in the eyes as she spoke “My sweet Eric.”
He felt Niya’s hands rub his cheeks as he felt her legs tightened around him as he tightened his hold on her. Eric eyed Niya who shut her eyes he saw was struggling to fall asleep which he closed his eyes. He found himself on the icy cliff to see King Winter with hand on William’s throat both not noticing him.
William spoke “Lix had it coming with the hit to his sensitive part due to what he was doing towards Niya.”
He saw William’s eyes fell on him who spoke “Greetings Sun Lord, Lix was controlling the Builders through Niya as some conduit.”
Eric frowned to give a head bob in response.
William continued speaking “Lix was caught by the others beating up a female Reena I believe is her name as part of the Builder species after he lost Niya. He appeared to be taking out his anger of being fisted in the part where males don't want to be hit onto Reena in question. We Builders have forbidden males to hurt Builder females for we treasure them to carry our children, the next generation to life.”
He frowned as William paused then added “King Winter, I think with you there with me I can get all the help in controlling the Builders as their leader and keeping Lix alive enough to be one of your feeding victims. What do you think?”
Eric kept his eyes on William who continued speaking “Will do.”
Then he watched as King Winter released William to place hand over the Builder’s eyes and saw him disappear in a flash of light.
King Winter, Eric saw turned and walked towards him to place hand on his neck which is followed by the Cold Lord’s voice blaring "Do not retaliate against the Builders for William and myself will handle the punishment period."
Eric gave a head bob to feel his eyes shut in response to pass out unconscious.

Chapter twenty eight
Eric sat at the dining table finished eating while watched by Niya who finished slowly sipping a cup of thick white liquid he recalling being told by the doctor in private in his bedroom that her body system was rejecting food due to Lix using her as a conduit.
Eric looked at Jiang and mentally spoke "I want to walk among the crowd with Niya with me."
Jiang spoke "He says he wants to walk among the crowd. I don't agree to this order so I suggest you think of something else. I was thinking of safety issues as reason why I'm balking on doing that order."
Eric stared at Jiang to mentally speak "We'll go to the balcony. If the crowd reaction is the same as always, no walk. If they react differently we'll walk."
He saw Jiang staring at Niya without verbalizing his words to hear from her "Alright I'll walk but I hope it's a short one. I'm not sure if I can walk lengthy judging by how I'm feeling at the moment."
He didn't say a word as a guard handed him his familiar mask including doing the same to Niya and went to take a route to the balcony. He heard groaning sounds from Jiang after seeing the crowd down below weren't doing their familiar cheering sounds instead were standing around walking among each other some looking up but not giving any talk on noticing them there.
He found that they ignored him and group there which he eyed Jiang who spoke "Alright a walk it is. I know of where to go to meet the crowd actually that won't be lengthy so follow me."
He found Jiang leading them to the elevator which went down then to a hallway with a door at the end. Door he saw at opening led to stairwell which he walked down while holding Niya's hand as they reached a large metal door at the end of the stairwell. Highlander guards open door showing for him to see a small ramp leading to the crowd at the end who are silent some staring with blank looks on their faces. He walked to the crowd who part showing a male with golden eyes identifying him as a Builder wearing Sun Lord clothing head bare of a mask and a fear look on his face with his hands behind his back. 
Eric heard from Jiang "The crowd expects you to punch this Builder posing as you in your titled position. They weren't fooled due to his tall size indicated him taller than your guards when he walked among them without any mask to cover his identity trying to get them to believe he was the Sun Lord. He wound up knocked out in question by some drug syringe hitting his neck that destroyed his voice ability hence he not talking at the moment."
Eric walked down the ramp as Niya stood partway down watching him. Eric reached the Builder who appeared to have fear in his eyes despite them golden. He punched the Builder hard in the stomach that bent down and started throwing up. Eric looked to face Niya and saw her bend down with a hand on her stomach area and a hand in front of her face near the area. Eric darted up the ramp towards her which he picked up holding Niya and ran inside the building followed by Jiang. He as he held Niya felt her pass out in his arms while running up the stairs to the elevator that took them to the hallway leading to the Medical Bay. Trevor, Eric saw was there looking concerned as he laid Niya on a bed and watched as the doctor ran test scans over her with his medical devices. 
Trevor spoke "The Mistress wound up exhausted and fainted. She's still recovering from her food rejection sickness. I recommended no more lengthy walks till her body starts accepting food period. I also insists that the Mistress be on bed rest starting now. Oh I order that whenever Your Majesty and the Mistress are on the balcony you should leave on your own terms and not by the sun's position period."
Eric found himself voicing his agreement through Jiang.
Trevor included "The Mistress should wake up soon. It's best that she wakes up in her bedroom and not in Medical Bay. So you're free to take her and leave. Nothing else I can do for her anyway."
Eric picked up an unconscious Niya and took her to the elevator which went to his quarters’ floor. He left the elevator to his quarters and entered bedroom where he laid her on the bed. Eric took Niya’s mask off her head as he did the same to his mask which he placed on the dresser next to the bedroom door.
Merra he heard "Niya has been passing out after Lix stops touching her while alone with him in his sleeping room. Niya usually wakes up from whenever she senses Lix touching her usually holding her hand or holding her in his arms. Sorry can't say if that includes lying asleep with her or not."
Eric sat on the bed as Merra left his mind. He watched Niya’s face that shown range of emotions. He saw her opened her eyes to show fear and saw her sit up in a fast motion screaming a nonsense sound. Eric waved a hand in her face which she looked at him first with fear then relief.
Eric signed “Are you alright?”
He watched Niya as she bursts into tears then he wrapped his arms around her as she buried her head on his shoulder crying away. He sensed her calm down and then saw her raise her head. Eric let go of Niya to sign Trevor's orders towards her including the orders related to the balcony. Eric saw Niya nod her head in agreement then he picked her up and carried her out of the room to the living room where he placed her on the couch in a sitting position.
Eric saw Trevor there who spoke "I need a sample of the Mistress's essence which is speak for liquid that flows through people's body systems that Drainers feed off of."
He saw Niya obey taking off her glove and the attached sleeve of her white jacket and then rolled the sleeve of her dress baring her arm which Trevor injected a needle attached to a cylinder into her arm taking a sample of her blood. Eric saw the blood's color was dark red colored and not sky blue like his blue color he finding himself not shocked to see. He sat on the couch next to Niya who put clothing back on after the doctor rubbed the area with a cloth as Trevor finished the sampling which he put an arm around her.
He heard from Trevor "The Mistress from the looks of her needs nourishment immediately."
Eric felt himself agreeing with Trevor's talk kept an arm hold around Niya as he saw her handed a cup of white liquid and eyed her drinking it so slow.
He frowned finding her drinking the liquid slow to hear from Trevor "My orders regarding the Mistress drinking nourishment is to drink it slowly period. I'm pretty sure if she drank it fast her body will reject it. Anyway drinking nourishment slowly is appearing to be something that her body is accepting at the moment. Can't say when she'll take in solid foods. It depends on how the Mistress's body system recovers."
Eric didn't feel like commenting instead got up and went into the bedroom to stomp around waving his hands in fists. He felt his mood become bad unexpectedly mouth breathed hard to get the rages clouding up his eyesight again. He felt a feminine body hug him making him further annoyed as he placed hands onto her head to feel painful jolts of electricity hitting him each time he gripped her head.
He heard blaring in his mind "Breathe through your nose now Your Majesty. It's the Mistress who's hugging you and not some female Builder as your assuming by your behavior."
He willed himself to calm to recall himself receiving similar pains from whenever he threatened Brianna badly while having the rages in control to breathe deeply through his nose through the tubes in his nostrils breathing deeply as he could. He shut his eyes closed, relaxed himself while breathing through nose as he felt himself calming down.
He found Trevor there once the rages went away that spoke "Excuse me the Mistress should be in bed now period."
Eric frowned as he released Niya who went into the bathroom after pulling out her nightgown. He eyed the bathroom door seemingly with impatience running through him to see it open followed by Niya coming out clad in her nightgown with her uniform and shoes in her hands. He watched as she placed the clothing and shoe wear into a dresser drawer and got into bed. He heard a throat clearing noise sounding of Trevor left the room to go to the couch to sit while hearing the door to bedroom gently shut closed. He picked up the remote to the TV's monitors and figured he'll amuse himself watching scenes on the screens.

Chapter twenty nine
Eric in the bedroom once it's nighttime saw Niya look at him while he was naked between clothing changes.
He heard her say “I’m not in the mood.”
Eric saw her roll over to her side back to him as he put on his pajama pants. He got into bed spoon fashioning Niya while struggling to sleep despite some feeling of tension hitting him making him keep his eyes open. He shut his eyes only to feel during Niya move to turn on the lamp and dart out of the bed towards the bathroom which she slammed the door. Eric sat up on Niya’s side of the bed feet on the floor watching as Niya came out with swollen red eyes.
He got up to place hands on her arms which she spoke “I’m not in the mood.”
Eric signed while seeing her looking at him “Niya, what’s going on? Talk to me.”
He repeated his words when she kept looking at him with some blank expression on her face making her appear to zone one. He stared at Niya who turn toward the bathroom which he grabbed her from behind holding her in a tight grip with her back touching his front as she struggled. He tightened his hold as Niya cried sobbing loudly very hard. Eric released her as she leaned her head back on him. He rubbed her arms the sides with his gloved hands and sensed her stop crying. He escorted her to the bathroom to take a towel from a rack which he handed her and saw her bury her face into it while rubbing her eyes. Eric massaged her back as he sensed her relax and heard her sigh loudly. He watched as Niya put away the towel then followed her out turning off the bathroom's light. He followed her to the bed and got in with her, him on his side with an arm around her as she laid on her back he feeling her not sleeping but staying awake. He laid awake staring at Niya staring at the ceiling seemingly lengthy while keeping his form still as she turned around to press her back into his front. He spoon fashioned Niya with an arm around her and kept his eyes open till he felt like needing to shut his eyes only to sense her getting up he kept his eyes open he eyed seeing her going into the bathroom while again slamming the door. Eric exhaled a breath through his mouth to sit on the bed on Niya's side with the lamp still on waiting for her to come out. Niya he saw came out of the bathroom which he stood and took Niya’s nightgown off her form with no protests from her as he slung the thing onto her dresser. He yanked off his pajama pants and got Niya into the bed pushing her form to lie on it. He laid his form on top of Niya not protesting and entered her thrusting in and out of her while having his hands gloved on her hips holding her in place she not protesting to his movements. He found Niya's face formed a far away look on her face while hearing her give off soft moaning sounds. Eric jerked as he spilled himself inside Niya while seeing her face's expression was of peace to see her shut her eyes falling asleep. He pulled out and thrust the blankets up to cover Niya up to the neck and laid on his side wrapping arms around her while feeling himself tired enough to sleep. He shut his eyes passing out unconscious to come to hearing Jiang's familiar voice blaring in his mind ordering him up. Eric obeyed finding Niya remained asleep in bed with a peaceful look on her face. He once done dressing kissed her on the lips with one of her hands held to his cheek finding her still sleeping which he broke off the kiss and left the bedroom. He left the room to eat at the table, which after eating he stood and saw Lix come out of the spare bedroom in a flash of light.
Kossman he saw appeared with blurring speed movements to quick to restrain Lix he hearing "Eric is too mad to listen to you Lix."
Eric heard Kossman emphasize the word mad as he stormed towards Lix to place hands on Lix’s neck gagging him on the throat. Eric felt a headache get worse as he remembered meeting Kurpanov for the first time when he was called to be Claws.
The memory focused on one of the Surrai who had Lix’s face which he heard the word “Liam.” 
Eric released Lix’s neck while jerking his head up closing his eyes. He remembered another memory of himself as Claws at night time seeing the Surrai lying on the ground in the Surrai sleeping quarters and the image focused on one Surrai with Lix’s face and again hears the familiar word he figuring out its a name of the Surrai. Eric lowered his head opening his eyes to glare at Lix as his headache left him. He saw Lix had the Surrai dubbed Liam’s face as he looks at him up and down. He saw Lix’s grey pants are Surrai like and saw Lix was wearing a grey animal skin top that is long sleeved. He saw Lix shift his eyes to look behind him and saw a frown appear on Lix’s face. Eric turned around to see Niya standing in the doorway wearing her night gown with a frown on her face. Eric faced towards Lix and brought his fist back and punched the male in the stomach who bend down groaning loudly. He walked to Niya to hug her as she hugged him back to Lix her head on his shoulder. He sense her relax held by him as he relaxed holding her. Eric sensed Lix still in the room gently got Niya back to bed to leave the room shutting the door. He glared at Lix who sitting in an eating chair with Kossman standing next to him. 
Lix he eavesdropped talking towards Kossman "My Father is a Surrai called Liam and my Mother is a Builder called Lixa. I grew up on the island where the Surrai lived."
Eric looked at Jiang as he mentally spoke Kurpanov's name in a questioning tone which the Highlander voiced in the twin tone. 
Lix he heard "Too many suns ago Trevor, Kurpanov's brother died. Merra returned his body to the Surrai. Kurpanov had his children bury Trevor's body into the ground. He also ordered the Surrai and children to enter the travel gates to find mates if they need to do this."
He glared at Lix in response who looked down appearing to be staring at his hands while adding "I grew up among the Humans on the island with Kurpanov a regular visitor to the camp area. The last time I saw Kurpanov was him seeing me go through a travel gate where I wound up in King Winter's kingdom. He practically ordered me to leave and find someone as a mate as an excuse to get me to leave. He was rather rude on this order due to suspecting on me challenging his leadership over the island's natives. Merra I know who she is has always been evasive whenever I ask her about Kurpanov and what's he's doing lately. She has refused to talk more on him to me despite me pestering her with questions."
Eric glared at Lix to find Kossman getting him up and found them both going to the spare bedroom's doorway which he watched as they disappeared in a flash of light followed by the door slamming shut with a bang sound.
He heard groaning noises from Jiang heard muttering "The twins will wake up from the noises and be upset again. I really should insist on the doctor to follow my recommendation on who raises them period."
He saw Jiang glare at a guard who went inside the spare bedroom which he went to his bedroom finding Niya still asleep looking like she was passed out to him. He went to the dresser where his mask was lying on top of it and picked it up and walked towards the doorway. He heard a familiar roaring sound as he walked through it. He found himself in forest clearing at night time coming out of a gated travel gate arch. He saw a humanoid being he recognized as a part of the Annukai species drop down to land in front of him that had a big jeweled forehead with eight jewels surrounding it and a Human like mouth with no Human like eyes seen and had a Human like nose. Eric motioned with his hands gesturing while pointing to his throat and shaking his head in a Human no gesture trying to make it clear that he can’t talk.
The Annukai spoke in Basic "I get it that you can't talk. I request that you come with me now."
Eric obeyed to follow the Annukai to the Surrai sleeping spot where a young Human male with long black hair, Kurpanov’s face seen while wearing animal skin clothing was sitting on one of the logs surrounding the fire. 
Eric sat on a log as Annukai was overheard speaking towards the Human who looked at him with a confused expression "He has indicated that he can't talk and was found coming through the travel gate area."
The Annukai he saw walked away as the Human stared at him then looked away. 
Eric heard a booming male voice in his head blare “There's a stranger here! Hello Eric!"
Human male he saw widened his eyes and stared at him as he felt a hand on his shoulder and looked up to see Kurpanov alive with hair down around his face and not in a messy ponytail staring at him with a range of emotions running through his face. Eric stood up to face his brother who lets go of his shoulder. 
Kurpanov spoke "I have been asking Merra for information on you including what's going on with your life. Brianna according to her has been doing the same thing when it comes to her children including others raising them that came from the water ship while she was alive living there just prior to passing away."
Eric stiffened hearing Kurpanov’s words as the Surrai added "According to Merra, Brianna would cry tears after hearing news from her along with hearing that she hid this status from you including hiding her asking her too."
Eric frowned as he recalled a memory of himself seeing a crying Brianna leave their quarters with him following her invisible to the gang plank. He recalling ran and blocked her way appearing from his hidden state while telling her not to leave him which he takes her arm and pulls her away with no fight from her while hearing her cry some more.
Eric heard from Kurpanov "Come with me."
Eric followed through the forest to a wooden bridge over a river which he crossed and reached the other side still following. He followed Kurpanov to a small clearing where in it are sticks forming three X symbols with strings tightly wrapped around them sticking out of the grassy ground. He saw on one of the X sticks have a string tied in a bow and is in the middle of the sticks. 
Kurpanov spoke after breaking the silence of not speaking for awhile "Your Mother Anya is our Mother too but we have a different Father actually. Anya our Mother carried myself and Trevor at the same time but I was born first. Trevor got sick rescuing his son he had with a Drainer female named Tia who's still living despite kept contained in Terrania among the Drainers in their home. She has claimed by Trevor to birth his son in another world actually which that world wound up making him sick and the sickness killed him."
Kurpanov added "I had my Human children with the Surrai female I dub by the name of Mal burry Trevor here. Soon after that I ordered the Surrai and Human children to go through the travel gates to find mates which all them did that. The Humans were the ones who mostly came back with other Humans wearing twin clothes as them." 
Eric frowned hearing Kurpanov’s talk as the Surrai paused then continued speaking
"A Surrai named Liam was the only Surrai who came back with a Human like female named Lixa. She bore him a male child named Lix. Lixa wound up later sick when Lix was barely my waist high so Liam took her through a travel gate and hasn't returned. Merra has been claiming that Liam and Lixa are no long on Terrania whenever questioned on those two in answer to Lix's questions to why his parents aren't around to raise him further."
Kurpanov continued "I talked to Merra about Kazak and the other Surrai and why they hadn't returned. She told me that most of the Surrai's mates were part of this species dubbed Monarch a species known for being medics. She has claimed that their medical advances helped the Surrai survive living with their mates whenever they are."
Kurpanov, Eric saw pointed to a stick next to the one with a string bow on it and added "Many suns later Kazak came stumbling through a travel gate and died held in my arms which I had to bury him there. The Human male you saw at the eater is my son named Anyan is the last one I fathered with Mal three suns before she passed away. Mal before death was found sleeping on the surface above me sleeping in the ground which I came out to find her dead. I wound up ordering Mal herself buried here and marked the stick of where she's buried with my hair string as a reminder of her there."
Eric gently put on his mask and placed a hand onto Kurpanov's shoulder who paused from talk to give off a groaning noise before continuing on talking "I haven't been sleeping underground since Mal’s death and has been sleeping in one of the Humans’ huts in their camp because of the area reminds me of her death. I wanted to forget the pain of her passing hurting me."
Eric heard a rumble of thunder like noise as Kurpanov paused then again spoke "My Human children and their descendants are giving me a purpose to live despite being deathless like you yourself. Merra told me that you're deathless. She suspects that I'm the same due to outliving all of the Surrai and all the original Annukai and all of my Human children many suns before my last child Anyan was born. Anyan is aware of his parentage and has been told by the Humans and the Annukai stories about his Mother and the Surrai including what they know of my origins of arriving to the island. Anyan once he was old enough has been observed habitually each night for a period of time would sit next to the eater in the Surrai’s former sleeping spot appearing to be lost in thought before walking back to camp to sleep in a hut with the others."
Kurpanov he heard added mentioned "There's bad weather coming from the noises I'm hearing so you should return to your home now. I said enough anyway."
Eric and Kurpanov went on the bridge and got to the travel gated area where he went through to enter the living room.
He spotted Jiang not around to get told by a guard mentally "Jiang is out attending family business aka the birth of his offspring hence he not around so sorry about that Your Majesty."
Eric mentally spoke eyeing the guard in response "I want to go to the balcony to see the crowds' reaction is and then walk among them if they don't do their familiar behavior."
He wound up hearing groaning from the guard to fold his arms who obeyed to his order to find the crowd down below not cheering as usual making him annoyed. Eric exhaled a breath and without a word followed the guard to the familiar back entrance to see a crowd there which he stood on the ramp as if compelled.
He heard loudly spoken in Basic "What happened to this person named Eric who was seen leaving a water ship carrying his mate in his arms and hasn't been seen since?"
He eyed his guard who he heard mentally "I'll answer that for you."
Eric stared at his guard who spoke verbalizing words "Says Brianna is her name as Eric's mate passed away. The Sun Lord is respecting Eric going through the grief of her death hence he not wishing to be seen publicity."
He heard loudly "There's a medical condition called Han's Syndrome which is a sickness a victim goes through after losing a mate. The sickness is the victim suffers unbearable body pain and that there's no medical help for that. One of the signs of the sickness is the victim doesn't want to have anything to do with other people and wants to be left alone. They isolate themselves in places which could be any where and stay there till the pain goes away. The pain varies from person to person from anywhere from a sun to a lunar cycle."
Eric heard an enough of that talk in response while hearing multiple gasping sounds ignored the noises walked inside the building taking a route to the elevator and mentally spoke feeling his mind scanned "I want to see Niya."
He heard in response "You should visit the balcony first instead to see what the crowd's reaction would be then Niya herself."
He heard an edge in the guard's voice tone frowned but dismissed it to obey going to the balcony to find the crowd down below cheering their cries to his shock. He waved a hand and left to the elevator to feel rage hitting him unexpectedly to grab one of the guards by the neck to punch the male in the stomach. He felt a prick of pain in his neck indicating of a drug and felt himself falling unconscious while still having guards' hands on him as he passed out.

Chapter thirty 
Eric came to finding himself standing in front of the bed staring at a sleeping Niya lying in it. He went to the dresser and yanked off his clothes putting them away and put on his pajama pants and gloves. He turned off the lamp plunging the room in the darkness and stared at her with night vision in his eyes sight. Exhaling a breath through his mouth he went to the bed and got in pulling the blankets up to his chest. He turned on his side and spoon fashioned Niya. He reached a gloved hand and with a finger gently stroked Niya’s cheek who didn’t stir then he took a hand full of her hair and brought it to his cheek which he rubbed. He smiled a small smile as he let go of her hair and brought an arm around Niya as he tighten himself close to her. He gently rubbed his chin on her head as he closed his eyes and fell asleep.

Eric found himself standing on the grass wearing his pajama pants and gloves and no breathing device on which he saw facing him was a vast ocean below the cliff and in front of him was Niya who had her back to him while wearing her nightgown. He walked up to her and gently placed hands on her arms as she stepped forward and jumped off the cliff. He with speed motion grabbed her hand as she went over the cliff. He jerked from the heaviness feeling as his hand held her hand and felt her hand slipping from his hand.
He screamed out with panic in his voice “Niya!”
Eric threw himself off the cliff arms grabbing Niya which only met air and he discovered her gone. He blinked his eyes to discover himself standing on a wooden platform in the water as the cliff wall on his left became small and smaller as the currents took the platform away in the sea. Frowning he felt a hand touch his arm and turned to face Niya who slapped him on the cheek. He stared at her with a frown as she turned and ran towards the edge of the platform which he darted after her grabbing her arm as they both went off the platform.
He screamed out again “Niya!”
He blinked his eyes and found himself again standing on the platform and heard a throat clearing noise which he looked to his left to see a figure wearing a brown robe with a bald head a Human like face and all white eyes which he recognized was Seer.
Seer he stared at spoke in a male voice “Why are you following her?”
Eric spoke “I lost a female to death and I refused to lose another for anything.”
Seer spoke “The female’s death has you hurt.”
He spoke “Yes.”
He sighed as Seer spoke “What is that female to you?”
He spoke sounding firm “My equal, my mate.”
Seer he saw shook his head in some Human no gesture and then spoke “I think it’s more than that.”
He frowned as Seer paused and then continued speaking “I think she was someone who cared about you when others have not.”
Eric nodded his head as Seer added “I suspect your hurting is deeper than that female’s death isn’t it?”
He exhaled a breath as a memory came to his mind’s eye. In it he was younger aged ten years old and was walking in a fast motion through a forest with the sun shining overhead. He saw in the memory that he was wearing mittens on his hands and his wrist was held by a woman he recognized as his mother Anya who had a tight grip on it while walking in a fast motion through bushes which she swatted aside with her left hand. He was crying tears and while feeling pain from her tight ironclad grip on his wrist as they walked into the forest. Anya in the memory abruptly stopped letting go of his hand grabbing his head and he felt a prick of pain in his neck followed by sleepiness feeling as she stepped back with a syringe in her hand. 
He stared at her with confusion as she spoke “There that’ll get rid of you and I won’t have to be burdened by your care.”
He blinked his eyes as she backed away from him as the sleepiness persisted and he saw the ground rising up to meet him and he shut his eyes falling asleep. 

Eric jerked widening his eyes as another memory arrived to his mind’s eye showing himself waking up as it was night time in the sky.
He remembered waking up with confusion looking around staring at the forest with night vision while speaking “Mommy.”
He looked around to discover himself alone and he felt a coldness feeling which made him shiver despite wearing a thin T shirt and shorts with his feet bare while feeling the warmth of the air.
Frowning he spoke again “Mommy.”
He looked around not seeing Anya around and began to panic as the coldness feeling over took him and he felt pain in his chest on his left side which he rubbed with a mitten hand. He walked to a tree and leaned his back on it sliding down to a sitting position pulling his legs up wrapping his arms around them. He felt tears sliding down his cheeks from his eyes as the pain in his chest became stronger which he groaned loudly shaking his form. His eyes sight abruptly clouded up in whiteness as an angry feeling arrived which he stood up and roared some nonsense sound. Growling he clenched his mitten hands into fists then unclenched them as the whiteness left his eyes and he felt the angry feeling left him. Eric frowned with confusion as he listened to the forest’s sounds. He heard twig snapping sounds becoming louder and louder heading towards him which he turned to face the sound and saw Anya with an angry look on her face walk into view from behind a tree followed by Alexei with a furious look on his face.
He stood as Anya turned aside and pointed a finger at him while speaking “There he is. I will do anything to avoid caring for that thing.”
He stared at Alexei who with a hand slapped Anya on the face who flinched from the blow lowering her pointing hand.
Alexei he heard spoke with fury in his voice “That thing is your son who came from you who you carried makes you his Mother. You will take care of him for I will see to it.”
Anya he saw harrumph some sound then walked away which her arm was grabbed by Alexei who spoke again fury still in his voice “I will not tolerate this attitude towards Eric who is my son from you as his Mother. You will take care of him as I see fit.”
He frowned as Alexei let go of Anya’s arm that walked into the forest disappearing around a tree and he turned his attention towards the man who made a grimace look on his face then the look changed to a frown as his eyes shifted towards him.
Alexei he saw kneeled on one knee and spoke “Eric, come here.”
Eric obeyed till he was inches away from Alexei who added “Don’t worry your Mother won’t hurt you again I’ll see to it.”
He felt Alexei’s hand touch him on the chest on his left side and then the hand patted him which Alexei stood up taking his mitten hand and slowly walked into the forest pulling him.

Eric jerked blinking his eyes from the memory as another memory of himself same age as himself in the forested memory sitting on a bed with needles injected in his body all over flashed in his mind. He frowned of the memory of himself scratching Anya on the face with his claws came to his mind in response to her negative behavior when he tried to get comfort from her. He stiffened as he recalled why he scratched her with his poisonous claws was that she his Mother had rejected him and wasn't giving him what he wanted was a Mother's love. He heard a throat clearing noise breaking his reverie and looked at Seer standing at his left side staring at him with his all white eyes.
Seer spoke “Appears your hurting started when your Mother abandoned you in the forest which you hadn’t yet quite figured out that she wasn’t caring to you. You managed to figure that out didn't you hmm?”
Eric widened his eyes as he stared at Seer who continued speaking “Your Mother didn’t offer any bit of caring Mother's love towards you when you were suffering pain. This is when you figured out that she wouldn’t give you what you wanted hence you getting angry and lashing out at her by clawing her with your venomous claws.”
He exhaled air at Seer’s comments as Seer added “The clawing your Mother was the only way you at your young age could get her to understand that you were no longer accepting her uncaring attitude towards you. You wanted affection from her which she wouldn’t give hence you lashing out in anger which triggered your rage episodes as a result. Her rejection caused you to have those rages in the first place.”
Eric frowned as he looked down at the Seer’s bare Human like feet seen as he felt a coldness feeling arrive within him he finding the male was serious with his words. He groaned loudly as the coldness feeling became stronger followed by pain in his chest on the left side which he placed a hand over the area while grimacing. He felt his knees become weak which he kneeled as the pain in his chest became stronger along with the coldness feeling over taking his form which he shivered from it. He groaned loudly as he shut his eyes and screamed out a roaring cry roaring repeatedly as he felt himself losing conscious and surrendered to the darkness overtaking him.

Eric opened his eyes jerking himself into a sitting position from lying in the bed. He panted gasping for air through his mouth while looking around the room and its contents with his eyes showing night vision. He twisted his form to look at Niya who was lying on her side facing him while still asleep. He with a hand felt for the breathing device which he discovered clipped to his pajama pants’ waist band. He panted as he got up from the bed and stood staring at the wall facing him with the window with a shade covering it in his eyes sight. He went to the wall putting hands on it as his eyes sight clouded up with whiteness while feeling the rages arrive within him which he shut his eyes and leaned his side on the wall arms folded hands in fists. He forced his mouth shut and breathed through the tubes in his nostrils as he felt the rages leave him and he opened his eyes showing clear eyes sight. Frowning he felt tears come from his eyes spilling down his cheeks with a weak feeling in his knees which he kneeled his hands grabbing his head as the tears flowed.
Eric slowly rocked his form back and forth as he moved his mouth mouthing words repeatedly “Mommy, I hurt.”
He lowered his form till he was lying on his side on the smooth floor facing the wall while still crying away.
He felt the tears stop flowing as he mouthed “Mommy.”
Eric shut his eyes as a coldness feeling arrived followed by pain in his chest on the left side as he moved his arms to wrap them around his chest. He grimaced as the coldness feeling became strong along with the pain in his chest became stronger as he willed himself to sleep falling unconscious.

Eric came from the depths of unconsciousness to feel himself lying in bed with a blanket covering his form up to his chest. He felt a hand gently rubbing his forehead and shivered as the hand left him. The coldness feeling and pain in his chest he felt was still there stinging him. He breathed deeply through the tubes in his nostrils as he felt a hand touch his cheek followed by lips touching his lips which he felt was Niya and kissed her back. Niya he felt broke off the kiss as he opened his eyes to stare at her leaning over him from her position on the bed next to him. He stared at her as she brought her hand to his forehead and gently rubbed the area before lowering it to force his eyes closed which he felt himself going unconscious and surrendering to the feeling over taking him.

Eric found himself back on the grassy cliff with the vast ocean down below with Niya in front of him back facing him several meters away. He walked towards her till she was inches away and raised his gloved hands which he froze then lowered them. He stared at Niya’s back who walked forward jumping off the cliff. He breathed the air deeply through his nose as he stared at the ocean below him. Eric sigh, his eyes still staring at the ocean as he felt a hand touch his arm and looked to see his Mother Anya from the memory of abandoning him in the forest staring at him with a worried expression in her eyes. He felt anger arrive and with a hand yanked off Anya’s hand off his arm and folded his arms glaring at her.
He saw Anya’s expression change to a frown as he spoke with anger in his voice “You never cared for me.”
He lowered his arms and turned around walking away from Anya who spoke from behind him “I shouldn’t have done what I did to you, Eric.”
Eric paused from walking to stare at the ground as a coldness feeling arrived followed by pain in his chest on the left side. He placed a hand on his chest grimacing as he again felt a hand on his arm and looked to his right to see Anya standing next to him with a frown on her face. He grimaced as the coldness feeling became strong along with the pain in his chest became stronger.
He saw a pained look arrive on Anya’s face as she spoke “Eric, I’m sorry my rejecting you caused you pain to hurt.”
He narrowed his eyes boring at Anya as he growled some angry sound while fisting his gloved hands. Anya he saw walked with his eyes and head following her till she was standing in front of him. He stiffened from her hand touching his hand on his chest in a grip as he growled loudly letting anger arrive as the coldness feeling and pain in his chest left him. He snarled loudly as he yanked his hand out of Anya’s grip to fist his hands at his side eyes still boring at her. He could see the pained look was still on Anya’s face as anger within him became stronger which he roared grabbing her head with his hands and gave it a snapping twist. He felt Anya become slack which he with his hands still on her head swung her body off the cliff falling into the ocean down below. Eric panted for breath lowering his fisted hands as anger left him.
He spoke out loud “Mother who I dub Anya is dead to me, dead. I will see that she is destroyed for rejecting me. No Mother should reject their own child like she did with me.”
He raised a fist and a waved it as he spoke again “I oath that I will destroy Mother who I call Anya for causing me pain to hurt me for I’ll see to it.”
He lowered his fisted hand as a memory came to his mind’s eye. He was in a large room with vertical tubes standing in front of a tube staring at the contents which he saw had a tan bumpy object with wires attached to it his mind told him was a brain. He raised a gloved hand touching the glass surrounding the brain as the scene went black then showed him staring at the tube with confusion on his face.
He spoke “Brianna.”

Eric blinked his eyes as he found himself back on the grassy cliff and he frowned as a memory of himself getting upset when Brianna pulled him towards the gang plank along with him crying hard in his quarters. He frowned as he recalled Brianna telling him words about him and the water ship connected mentally hence his scared reaction. He stiffened with shock as it dawned to him that the brain in the tube was Anya what's left of her after his poison destroyed her body.
He felt anger arrive as he spoke out loud “The tube with the brain is holding what’s left of Anya that trapped me to the ship by linking herself and me.”
He paused as anger took control followed by another memory of him in a padded room in the ship waking up to feel shaking vibrations and seeing smoke billowing into the room that put him unconscious.
Eric snarled out loud shouting “That’s how Anya linked herself to me!”
He cut himself off to growl some sound then spoke “If I wasn’t trapped to that ship I would have agreed to leave leaving with my family and see how they lived their lives and their descendants too.”
He stiffened as he felt a hand on his arm and angrily looked to see standing on his right was Niya who had a frown on her face. He stared at Niya who walked around him with his eyes and head following her till she was in front of him. He kept his eyes staring at her in the eyes as he struggled with his anger running through him. Niya he saw placed arms around him and he felt himself hugged which he placed his hands on her back gently rubbing. He sighed as rubbed his chin on her head and growled as he saw Anya standing nearby away in front of him. He could see a frown on Anya’s face as he growling loudly yanked Niya from him and stormed towards Anya.
He heard Niya speak from behind him “Eric, please don’t.”
He halted from his walking charge to glare at Anya who was still frowning as Niya walked into his line of sight to stand in front of him. He felt Niya’s hands on his chest rubbing in a familiar rhythm which he stiffened turning his eyes away from Anya to stare at Niya.
Niya spoke “She visited me in a dream as I was asleep in my bed in another city. She told me about you and your Brianna dying along with that her death will cause you to suffer great pain which would keep you trapped on the water ship which she said would go sink below the ocean. She added that she didn’t want you to suffer the pain of the loss of Brianna and was willing to do anything to help you avoid this-”
Eric interrupted as a memory came to his mind “Hence me mating with you creating our son while Brianna was still alive.”
Niya spoke “She was willing to do anything to avoid having you suffer from having already caused you pain which you are hurting from.”
Eric growled loudly as Niya continued to rub his chest. He gave Anya a glare as blackness arrived clouding up his eyes sight and he found himself going unconscious.

Chapter thirty one
Eric found himself lying in bed while feeling a hand touching his forehead gently rubbing. He opened his eyes with a jerk to stare leaning over him was Niya who had a frown on her face. He could see that it was daylight by the glowing shade covering the window. He sat up with confusion which turned to anger as he remembered the contents of his dreams which flashed in his mind. He yanked the blankets off his form and got up from the bed to stand in front of his dresser with a glare on his face as he yanked open drawers. Eric angrily yanked his clothes off his form and placed the Sun Lord uniform on while slamming drawers. He stormed from the bedroom grabbing his mask which he slammed the door and stood in the living room. Jiang he saw met his eyes with a questioning look on his face. Eric stormed to the table and threw his mask down on it. He sat and began shoveling in food with his fork and liquid from a cup. Once done he leaned back in the chair and folded his arms eyes narrowed. He saw an outline walk in his sight that became solid revealing a Zeskaya who gently placed a tape recorder on the table in front of him. Eric looked at the Zeskaya with a questioning look on his face. 
The Zeskaya spoke in Kossman’s voice “Just something I found that you need to hear.”
Eric reached with a hand and picked up the recorder while pressing a button.
He heard a woman’s voice speaking “Tape entry December 25, 1978, Anya Lake Kossman speaking.”
Eric clicked the button shutting off the recorder as he felt anger took control within him.
He heard Kossman’s voice speaking “I insist you listen to the tape for I already heard it myself. I think you should hear the contents for it answers questions you might have.”
He turned his head to glare at Kossman and gently placed the recorder onto the table then folded his arms.
Kossman spoke again “Eric, please I’m not speaking as a Zeskaya but as Kossman.”
Eric stood up and turned his head towards Jiang and mentally spoke with the Highlander voicing his words “I don’t care to hear what Anya says. She is not my Mother and is dead to me, dead for rejecting me as a child. I will see that she is destroyed even by my own hands. Any conversation about Anya is forbidden for I will not talk about her. Take this recorder away or I will throw it in the garbage chute.”
He turned his head towards Kossman who he saw picked up the recorder and watched him walk towards the spare bedroom’s open doorway disappearing in a flash of light. Eric walked to the couch and sat down arms still folded eyes narrowed. He placed a hand on his forehead rubbing it as he exhaled a breath through his mouth. He shut his mouth eyes staring at the blank TV monitors on the wall.
Eric stiffened as he heard Anya’s voice speaking behind him saying “Today is Christmas, a holiday.”
With a glare Eric stormed up darting towards Kossman standing behind the couch. He angrily threw a fist into Kossman’s stomach who groaned loudly before yanking the recorder out of his hands and shut off the thing. He gave Kossman a glare before storming into the bedroom slamming the door.
He heard Niya speak as he walked towards the bathroom “Eric, you mind if I listen to the tape and tell you the subject?”
Eric paused from his walking to look at Niya who was frowning as he signed “No.” 
He continued walking and went into the bathroom to the garbage chute and blinked his eyes when the view shifted to show a tube with an object having wires jutting from it he recognized as a brain facing him. Frowning he looked around to discover himself in a large room with vertical tubes surrounding him.
Eric felt anger arriving as he heard Merra speak via his mind “Your trapped in that room till you listen to the tape’s contents.”
Eric felt his anger took control as Merra left his mind. He threw a fist on the glass part of the Anya’s tube he assumed was holding her brain in it and felt displeasure to see the tube remained intact. He looked around the room and spotted a console next to the tube and felt himself calming down. He gave the brain a glare and walked to the console putting the recorder on it while yanking at his glove.
He stiffened as he heard Merra’s voice speaking with annoyance in her tone “Why are you showing care towards people who have hurt you when they get hurt themselves?”
Eric paused from pulling on his glove as memories arrive to his mind. The memory was of Tikcanni gagged by a Humanian called Jon and coughing violently after Jon released him. He frowned as the memory showed himself putting Brianna’s hands on Tikcanni who she escorted out of a dark hallway. He frowned as another memory arrived showing a Hybrid humanoid he remembered named John attacking Ionela with his fists who he attacked in retaliation for hurting his sister. He recalled the memory of John apologizing to him sitting on a bench which he placed a hand on John’s shoulder accepting the apology. Eric shook his head of the memories as his eyes fell on the recorder and with a hand picked it up and pressed a button. He heard Anya’s voice speaking with a tone he recognized as anger.
He listened as she spoke “On another Christmas a few days after giving birth to that thing called Eric, I met my other children twin boys Kurpanov and Trevor as their dubbed for the first time as they were a year old. I must complain that the twins when I held them separately for the first time seemed to dislike me and myself not feeling any Motherly love towards them. The twins when they were held kept trying to scratch me with their claws and they were growling some angry sound. I saw their reaction towards their Father, Kossman himself which is they appeared to accept him when he held them for the first time by acting content in his arm's holds.”
Anya he heard paused then continued speaking “I was implanted with Eric and was sick all the time carrying him for nine months the gestation time period for Humans to carry babies. I suffered terrible pains that happened every twenty first dated day of each month while carrying him which the doctors discovered it was caused by Eric growing inside me. To make matters worse carrying him was torture for I suffered terrible pains every time he moved inside me. I decided at my seventh month of carrying him that I would have nothing to do with Eric and will not care for him or accept him. He caused me terrible pains with me carrying him which I have refused to accept.”
Eric frowned as he heard Anya’s words and continued listening as she added after a pause “Eric’s father Alexei has been annoying me by forcing me to care for Eric by using the excuse of me carrying him making myself his Mother. I’m willing to do anything to get out of caring for Eric even willing to kill him like I tried suffocating him with a pillow which Alexei caught me doing. I don’t know how but I thought I was alone in the room when I suffocated Eric which Alexei appeared from some hidden state gagging me on the throat. He forced me to hold the thing he calls my son for a lengthy time period after he released his hold on my neck.”
Eric gave the brain an accusing look as he continued listening to Anya speaking from the recorder “I discovered that Eric has a weakness which is water getting on his skin and acts like poison sickening him. I aim to drown him in a tub full of water once I get the chance just to get rid of him. No one makes me suffer pain and gets away with it. I will have nothing to do with people causing me pain to my body or my mind which I oath to not give mercy to them for that.”
The tape Eric heard squealed a sound which he shut the recorder off with press of a button.
He turned his head and gave the brain a glare before mentally speaking “Merra, transport me back, I have heard the tape.”
He heard Merra speak with annoyance in her tone “I’m busy and you’ll have to wait.”
Eric felt anger and stiffened as the view shift to show himself in a bedroom he recognized as Kossman’s.
He heard Merra’s voice add “I’m busy right now so amuse yourself with the tapes.”
Eric placed the recorder on the dresser next to the bed and saw a light show out of the corners of his eyes. He turned his head to see a Zeskaya walking into the room from the doorway as the door slammed shut. 
The Zeskaya spoke in Kossman’s voice “I’m surprised to find you here and I’m wondering what I can help you with something.”
Eric heard Merra’s voice speak “Kossman don’t transport Eric yet for I’m in the process of fixing a problem. I need Eric to stay where he is till the problem is fixed.”
He felt annoyance arrive within him as Merra left him.
Kossman spoke “There’s tapes in the third drawer of the dresser with one on top I think you should see. It shows some of what Anya was talking about on the tape.”
Eric exhaled a breath through his mouth then opened the dresser drawer which he saw rows of tapes sitting on their sides and saw a DVD recording tape sitting on top with his name labeled on it. He pulled up the tape and went to the DVD player putting it in and stared at the TV watching the screen which flickered on showing a scene. Eric stared at the image of a woman with black hair he recognized as his Mother Anya looking young to him who lay naked screaming while in a bed with a familiar area swollen with baby inside he figuring out. He saw his Father Alexei appearing to look the same as ever come onto the screen to grip Anya by her left arm that stopped her screaming to pant.
Alexei spoke “Anya, it’ll be over soon. The doctor says the birth is imminent.”
Anya he saw on the TV grabbed Alexei by the collar and yelled “I’m not carrying another child by you!”
Eric stared at Alexei who replied “You won’t have to, I’ll see to it.”
Anya he saw bent forward letting go of Alexei and grabbed her legs while giving off grunting noises.
Eric watched as a male figure in medical scrubs came into the screen and put gloved hands between her legs as Alexei spoke repeating words “Push Anya.”
He stared at the screen as he heard a baby’s wailing like noise and saw the male figure held up a baby with clawed hands and golden eyes towards the camera view.
The male figure spoke “The baby is a boy.”
Alexei spoke “Call him Eric.”
Anya he saw laid herself on the bed as the male figure placed the baby on her stomach.
He watched as an angry look came to her face as she lifted the baby and pushed him to Alexei who gripped him while speaking with an angry tone “Take this thing away from me, I don’t want anything to do with it.”
Eric frowned as Alexei protested “The baby is yours to take care of Anya-“
She interrupted still with an angry tone “No its not. I refused to have anything to do with its care.”
He watched as she turned to her side turning her back to Alexei holding the baby with his arm walk out of the camera view. The screen flickered blue then showed a child looking older but still a bit babyish with his features lying asleep in a bed with Anya standing next to it.
Anya he heard spoke “I have orders from Alexei who requests that I have a private moment alone with Eric.”
He heard a male voice speak “You heard her, leave the room.”
Anya spoke “Is the camera off?”
He heard the male voice speak “Yes.”
He watched as Anya stared at something off camera view then pulled a pillow from underneath the child's head and proceeded to place it over the child’s face pressing it hard. He heard Anya gasp looking at her left at the same view and he stiffened to see Alexei appear from a hidden invisibly state with hand gripping her neck while seeing a look of fury on his face.
Alexei he heard spoke in an angry voice “Remove the pillow now.”
Anya he watched obeyed taking the pillow off the child's face dropping it who appeared to be unaffected from that.
Alexei spoke still with anger in his voice “Pick up Eric and hold him now.”
Anya obeyed picking up the child and cradling him in her arms as Alexei let go of her neck to fold his arms.
Alexei continued speaking “You will do what I say when it comes to Eric’s care or I will use the tape of you trying to suffocate him as an excuse to order you put down. You understand me?”
Eric frowned as he saw a shocked expression on Anya’s face who nodded her head. The screen flickered blue then a scene was seen showing a naked boy child Eric saw with recognition as himself lying on a bed wearing mittens on his hands crying away as two figures wearing medical scrubs nurses he assumed injected needles with tubes attached, into his skin. Then one of them turned Eric to his side and held up his left arm baring his armpit as another nurse holding a long object metal like rod object with wires at one end and a symbol at another end. The symbol Eric recognized was shaped in the letter Z. The nurse pressed the letter rod on the skin of Eric’s left armpit that gave out a wailing like noise then removed it as a red outline of a Z mark was seen. The mark turned the color of white skin leaving a letter Z shaped white scar. Then the nurse holding Eric’s arm turned him to his other side and held up his right arm as the nurse again pressed the letter rod on the skin of Eric’s right armpit. Eric on the screen at the moment screamed which the adult Eric watching the scene grimace hearing the noise and saw again a red outline of a Z mark which turned to the color of white skin leaving a letter Z white scar. The nurse holding Eric turned him to lie on his back as he continued to wail crying away as the other nurse holding the letter rod walked out of the camera view. The screen flickered blue then flicked to show Anya sitting in a metal chair with a glare on her face and a spotlight over her. He saw Alexei standing next to her with arms folded glare on his face.
Alexei spoke “I met Kossman in the hallway carrying Lana who when questioned doesn’t have Eric or know his whereabouts. Now I will ask again, Anya, where is Eric and what have you done with him?”
Anya he saw gave Alexei a glare but kept her mouth shut. Eric frowned as the memory of Anya abandoning him in the forest flashed in his mind as Alexei on the tape unfolded his arms and placed a hand on Anya’s neck in a grip looking like choking her despite she not displaying anything on her face but a glare.
He watched as Alexei spoke in a calm voice “Perhaps I should order Lana taken away. I will make sure that you’ll have no say in Lana’s life or her care. I will have Lana taught that her Mother abandoned her because she didn’t want her in her life.”
He heard Anya gasp as Alexei continued speaking “Now tell me about Eric.”
Anya spoke “I brought him to the Asylum’s forest grounds and injected him with a sleep drug before leaving him there.”
Alexei spoke “You will take me to his location now.”
He saw Alexei release a hand off Anya’s throat who got up from the chair walking out of camera view followed by him. The screen again flickered blue then showed a scene a camera view moving as someone was holding it walking down a stairwell. The camera holder stopped at the end of the stairwell to a door with a console in the wall where a hand with black sleeve touched the console. The door slid open as the camera holder walked into a room Eric watching recognized as the cryogenic tube room. The view stopped at a beeping monitor in the wall and the hand came in view to press a button on the console next to the monitor. The monitor jutted forwards revealing a large tube and the camera pointed down showing a figure lying inside. Eric stiffened seeing on screen, himself wearing white pants, a grey tank top and grey chainmail gloves on his fisted hands lying inside the tube with eyes closed. The camera view changed moving forward doing a close up of his face which showed an angry look with eyes shut.
He frowned as the camera view turned around and Alexei’s face with a sad look appeared in view speaking words “Today’s December 21, 2002. Eric, my son, turns twenty five years old today. I’m sad that I can’t share that occasion with him. He has uncontrollable rages of anger which makes him lash out acting animalistic hurting people in his path. I tried everything to help him control his rages and nothing has worked. As a last resort to keep people and himself safe I had him knocked out and placed in a cryogenic tube where he will lie till the day comes when there’s a way for him to control his rages or perhaps cure him of them is found. Poor Brianna, she was very upset about this and was begging me not to put him in while he was carried asleep to the cryogenic tube room. I’m even sadder knowing that Eric may never know me as his Father or even acknowledge me of this.”
The screen went black as the tape stopped its taped contents. Eric frowned staring at the blank screen which he felt a hand on his shoulder and looked at Kossman.
Kossman spoke “Come with me, there’s something I wish to show you.”
Eric felt Kossman’s hand on his arm and allowed himself pulled out of the room to the hallway where he was led to his children’s room which they both went inside. He stared at Kossman who went to Cassie’s pillow lifting part of it up and yanked out piece of paper which he could see was a head shot picture of himself.
Kossman spoke as he held up the photo towards him “Check the back, I remember Kossman writing it before he gave the picture to Cassie who was upset about you gone from her life and not around to Father her. It was during the time you became Claws actually.”
Eric took the picture and looked at the back to see words written in a familiar language which he read “Eric, forgive her, like I have forgiven you, Kossman.”
He stared at the words with confusion as Kossman spoke “I have a memory of Kossman being aware of the link between you and your Mother the moment he heard you make your growling sounds. He recognized Anya’s voice coming from you and he figured out the link after being told things by Brianna after you were found gone from the water ship. Brianna admitted to him that she took you out of the cryogenic tube and left you in the padded room and she also told him of what you told her happened in the padded room to yourself.”
Eric stared at Kossman with widen eyes as the Zeskaya continued “Kossman I recall wrote those words while feeling his anger towards you for hurting Anya gone. He was thinking 'Eric, forgive Anya' as he was killed by you using the Claws form.”
Eric lowered his head dropping the picture onto the floor as a coldness feeling arrived followed by pain in his chest on the left side. He grimaced as he felt a hand on his shoulder and blinked his eyes as the view shifted to show him in front of the tube holding Anya’s brain. He felt tears falling from his eyes as he darted towards the tube and place his arms partly around the glass partition as he leaned against it. 
He thought “Mother.”
The coldness feeling and pain in his chest left him as he felt warmth arrive within him and he lowered his arms straightening up his form to close his eyes.
He heard a voice he recognized as Jiang speaking in his mind “Your Majesty, are you alright?”
He opened his eyes to find himself back in his quarters facing the window with Jiang standing at his left side. Kossman he could see was standing at his right side. Eric exhaled a breath through his mouth as he saw out the windows was night time. He ignored Jiang and went to his bedroom gently closing the door behind him to stare at Niya lying in bed asleep. Exhaling a breath he went to the dresser on his side of the bed and began putting away his clothes as he put on his pajama pants and gloves. He shut off the lamp plunging the room in darkness as night vision came to his eyes sight. He clipped the breathing device to his waist band of his pants and got into bed pulling the blankets up to his chest. He felt a hand touch his chest and looked to see an awaken Niya with a smile on her face blindly placed her head on his chest along with her hand as he wrapped his arms around her and he closed his eyes falling asleep feeling satisfied having his arms around her.

Eric felt himself back on the grassy cliff staring at the ocean view as he felt a hand touch his right arm. He looked to see Anya with a pained look on her face walk till she was in front of him. He sighed as he felt her hug him and he placed his hands on his Mother’s back gently rubbing while feeling her chin on his shoulder.
He heard crying sounds coming from Anya and he tightened his hold on her while hearing her speak in a broken voice “My Eric, I regret hurting you and I hoped for the day will come when you’ll heal from the pain I caused you.”
Eric spoke “Mother.”
He heard her gasp and felt her hugging grip on him tighten while still hearing her crying he not protesting to her reactions to his word as he saw darkness arrived in response.

Chapter thirty two 
Eric woke up in bed cuddling Niya underneath the glare of the sunlight shining from the window with shade up showing the familiar Waker plant on the ledge outside. He exhaled a breath as Niya lifted her head from lying on her stomach on top of him. He stared at her as she lowered her head and gently kissed him on the lips with a hand on his cheek. He felt Niya break off the kiss and shivered as she got up from the bed. He got up from the bed and went to the dresser opening drawers while changing his clothes. Once in the uniform he went out of the bedroom followed by Niya wearing her bathrobe and together they went to the table where two trays with dishware full of food were seen. He ate his food and drank his drink as Niya did the same seeing this time she was eating liquid foods in a slow maneuver and appearing to look healthier to him then once done with his nourishment pushed the tray away. He leaned back in the chair staring at the walls lost in thought to notice Niya go into the bedroom. Eric sat in the chair seemingly lengthy lost in thought till he heard a female voice screaming nonsense sounds and he jerked his head towards the bedroom doorway. He darted towards it in time to see Niya sitting up in bed shaking her head while fisting her hands on her forehead. He heard the sound coming from Niya which he sat on the bed putting arms around her pulling her towards him. He felt Niya quiet down and relax in his arms as he rubbed her head with his chin. He exhaled a breath and released his hold from Niya gently rubbing her back before getting up from the bed. Niya he saw got up from the bed darting towards the bathroom doorway which she ran in with light flashing around the entrance. Eric froze walked to the bathroom doorway which he could see the light was off. He felt annoyance arrive within him and went to the dresser next to the bedroom door grabbing his mask. He stormed out of the bedroom slamming the door which Jiang looked at him with a questioning look. He felt the Highlander scanning him as he went to the table throwing his mask on it and sat and leaned back with arms folded as anger rose within him.
He heard Jiang mentally speaking “Judging by Merra's talk she has an ability to transport people via light shows to place to place. See if she'll transport you to where the Mistress currently is."
Eric yanked on his mask and stood up as if compelled and discovered himself not in his bedroom but in a room that reminded him of the one Ricky stayed in. He went to the open doorway turning invisible to peer through to see Niya sitting on the couch looking angry and facing her were two male figures wearing Kaddar uniforms, one an Aquarian and one a Highlander.
He heard Niya speak with anger in her voice in Basic “I don’t find it amusing being manipulated to come to here by a Highlander calling me.”
He looked at the Highlander Kaddar who smiled then heard Niya speak again “I’m the Mistress, the Sun Lord’s female-”
She he saw was interrupted by the Aquarian who reached forwards sticking a syringe in her arm who groaned loudly before leaning back in the couch falling asleep.
The Aquarian spoke in Oceanan he finding himself getting the language fine “Is she telling the truth with what she says about being the Mistress?”
He heard the Highlander speak in Oceanan “She is but the Sun Lord won’t miss her for we’ll spread a rumor about the Mistress catching an illness and has disappeared from it.”
He heard the Aquarian speaking “Is the Eraser here yet? Her memories must be erased for her to do this mission for us.”
He felt anger and darted forwards through the doorway and felt himself falling unconscious appearing from his hidden state hitting the rugged floor.

Eric woke up to discover himself sitting on the couch and he felt paralysis when he tried to move his arms.
He saw in front of him facing him was a black haired Highlander with a familiar face that reminded him of Tikcanni's who spoke “I can program the Sun Lord to go to the balcony then react in pain falling to the floor. His guards there should lift him up and carry him away as proof that the Mistress has disappeared and he is suffering from Han’s Syndrome.”
Eric narrowed his eyes as he felt anger rising within him. He discovered he could move his mouth which he bared his teeth as the Highlander continued “Please turn your backs to keep the Sun Lord’s identity a secret.”
He saw the two Kaddar turn their backs as the Highlander bent down yanking off his mask. He kept his teeth bared as he saw a frown appear on the Highlander’s face that reached with a hand and touched him on the cheek which he felt his mind scanned. He gave the Highlander a glare as an image of Tikcanni flashed in his mind’s eye with his gloved hands up in fists in a fighting stance. The image changed to show the Highlander walking down a hallway with open doors at both sides smoke pouring from both of them. He saw Claws appear with hand on the Highlander’s neck from a hidden status and haul the Highlander backwards pulling him down the hallway as he felt the Highlander’s hand off his cheek. 
He glared at the Highlander who mentally spoke voice in his mind in some compelling voice tone “I’m ordering you to go to the balcony and react in pain falling to the floor.”
He felt the Highlander leave his mind as he felt the compulsion order within his mind stop by getting a headache as a familiar image of Tikcanni flashed in his mind. 
He wound up getting his mask placed back on his head and heard the Highlander verbally say “It’s done, you can turn around.”
The two Kaddar he saw turned around as the Highlander went to Niya putting hands on her forehead. He saw Niya’s eyes jerk open which showed pain then closed followed by a peaceful look on her face. He felt anger arrive within him felt feeling in his hands which he fisted along with sleepiness that persisted and he fell asleep.

Eric woke up to discover himself lying in bed with paralysis still running from him. He looked around the room and spotted Niya sitting in a chair wearing an all brown outfit similar to the one she wore before taken to the hospital. He felt anger rising as he saw her look at him with no recognition in her eyes and there was confusion in them.
He heard an Oceanan accent voice in male tones speaking in Basic saying “Niya, its time for you to go so come out of the room.”
His anger took control as Niya got up walking out of the room without giving him a backwards glance.
He sneered when the familiar Highlander walked in view who he recognized to be the Eraser as dubbed and felt his mind scanned.
He snarled out mentally “You’re dead for what you did to my mate, Niya which I find intolerable. I’ll do what it takes to have you dead.”
He felt his paralysis gone which he sat up swinging legs off the bed to find himself on the couch in his quarters which he got up with anger raging throughout him as he yanked the mask off his head. He saw Jiang eyeing him but didn’t feel his mind scanned as he went to the table throwing his mask down and went to the windows which he angrily fisted repeatedly. The windows to his annoyance remained intact to his punching and he leaned his form against them on his side.
He felt his mind scanned and heard Jiang’s mentally speaking “I have to do a mind scan and I need to touch you which I insist you allow me to do it.”
Eric snarled mentally as he gave Jiang a glare “Do it before I change my mind.”
He looked away to lean his head against the window and folded his arms. He felt a hand with coldness in it touch his cheek and once again the image of Tikcanni with fists up appeared in his mind then went away. He stared out the window as the sun went lower then the sun disappeared as the light above turned to night time and felt Jiang stopped scanning him as the Highlander’s hand left his cheek.
He heard from Jiang mentally "Appears a Highlander a powerful one programmed your mind to resists to being erased or suffering from mental compulsion orders Highlanders give towards people when they want them to do something. Also this Highlander in question gave you the ability to block out Highlanders scanning your mind deeply for any information and that's from touching you with their bare skin. It's the same if they try scanning you without touch for all they'll get is your thoughts broadcasting period which is what I keep getting from you whenever I scan your mind."
He didn't think of a comment in response only to hear from Jiang again "It's nighttime so you should be in bed resting period."
He in response went to the table grabbing his mask and stormed to his bedroom slamming the door behind him. He went to his dresser yanking off his uniform and put on his pajama pants and gloves while feeling anger running through out him. He got in bed and leaned over Niya’s side of the bed towards the lamp which he shut off. He lied down and felt a headache as tears spilled from his eyes as the headache went away. He grabbed Niya’s pillow and brought it to his face as the tears flowed while crying hard.
He thought to himself “I lost Brianna to death and now I lost Niya.”
He released the pillow on his lap and yanked off his breathing device setting it besides his pillow and again brought Niya’s pillow to his face held in place by his gloved hands. His nose breathed Niya’s scent which eerie reminded him of Brianna's as the rages arrived running through out him. He felt his tears stop as the angry feeling ran through him. He felt an urge to put on his breathing device arrive within him which became compelling. He didn’t resist as he put the tubes back in his nose and around his ears while again breathing through them as his eyes sight cleared up but the anger remained.
He narrowed his eyes of anger as he snarled mentally to himself “One way or the other I’ll get Niya back and will kill anyone who gets in my way.”
He felt a powerful feeling of sleepiness arrive which he drooped his eyes while shaking his head and then surrendered to the feeling falling unconscious.

Chapter thirty three
Eric woke up with anger running through him as his window glowed from the sun light outside.
He growled mentally “I don’t care, for I’ll do what it takes to get Niya back with or without people’s help.”
He added sneering “Merra! You hear me? I want Niya back with her mind restored! I’ll kill anyone who gets in my way for I’ll do what it takes to have Niya back!”
He paused as silence answered him and continued to snarl “Niya is mine, forever mine.”
He tossed aside Niya’s pillow from his hand and with his other hand grabbed the breathing device as he got up from the bed going to his dresser which he put away his gloves and pajama pants and yanked out his underwear shorts and uniform. He stormed out of the bedroom while grabbing his mask slamming the door behind him. He saw Jiang eye him but didn’t feel his mind scanned.
He went to the table to eat and once done sat back as he heard Jiang speak with voice “There’s a rumor going around that the Mistress has caught an illness and has disappeared another term for passing away from it.”
Eric felt his angry mood turn fouler as Jiang continued “I have one of the guards, a Highlander female to pose as the Mistress to be seen at the balcony to make that rumor false to people.”
Eric gave Jiang a glare and got up from the chair yanking on his mask as he walked to the doorway entrance to his quarters and walked into the hallway to see a female form wearing the Mistress uniform complete with the mask while standing besides a guard. He grabbed her arm and went to the elevator followed by Jiang which went to the balcony level floor. He walked out of the elevator to the balcony still pulling the female where he saw the crowd and heard them give out gasping sounds. He fisted a hand and waved it aimed at the crowd as he took the Mistress’ gloved hand placing it on his chest. He heard the crowd’s reaction was shock as he continued to wave a fisted hand at them then he stormed from the balcony tugging the female not resisting with him. Once in the elevator he let go of the female's hand as an urge to breathe through his mouth arrived. He angrily breathed hard through his mouth as the rages arrived clouding up his eyes sight. He angrily charged with fists hitting the elevator wall and felt the elevator stop as he felt hands on his arms yanking him out. He felt himself forced in a sitting position with back to the wall and his mask yanked off his head as he continued to breathe through his mouth. He felt a foot on his chest pressing him down every time he tried to get up. Eric shut his eyes clamping his mouth shut as he forced himself to breathe through the tubes in his nose. He felt the urge to mouth breathe leave him as he breathe through his nose deeply. He felt himself calmer but still angry as he opened his eyes to stare at Jiang squatting next to him.
He stared at the Highlander who spoke “There’s a TV broadcast recorded you need to see.”
He got up from the floor as Jiang straightened his form and was handed his mask which he gripped in his hand as he followed the Highlander down the hallway to a door with two Highlanders in front of it. He followed Jiang inside which he saw was his quarters and went to stand behind the couch eyes staring at the large TV monitor as Jiang picked up the remote from the couch's table. He frowned staring at the TV monitor which clicked on showing a female Felidae from the waist up wearing a frilly top speaking in a language he could understand which Eric assumed was Americanian. 
He heard "Word on the street from talking with sources is that there’s a rumor about the Mistress catching an illness and disappearing from it which has been proven false.”
The monitor flashed showing a down below a view aimed up towards himself wearing the Sun Lord uniform on a balcony with the female Highlander posing as the Mistress besides him. He saw his hand was in a fist waving towards the crowd while holding up the female poser's hand to his chest.
The scene changed back to the Felidae who spoke "The recorded scene is of the Sun Lord appearing to be angry and the Mistress alive. His Majesty’s guard at the entrance of the building gave us a statement said to be from the Sun Lord himself.” 
The scene cut to a Highlander wearing Jiang’s uniform standing in front of a glass door with another Felidae in view holding a microphone speaking "The Sun Lord’s female the Mistress is fine and is not disappeared like what’s been said. His Majesty has ordered me to say quoting ‘I am angry that people are speaking lies about me and the Mistress which I find intolerable.’”
The view changed to a female Human with the flag of Americania hung behind her while sitting behind a brown colored like desk with a microphone in front of her speaking "I have heard the rumor of the Mistress’ disappearance which have been proven false and heard what His Majesty has said about it. I as President of Americania and leader, find the rumor not acceptable for I recall there being a twin rumor when I was in the hospital having my son which I am still furious about.”
TV monitor clicked showing a black screen as if turned off which Eric folded his arms as he felt angry rage running through him. He stormed to the windows punching them which remained intact to his fists. He leaned his form against the window with anger running through him. He continued to lean on the windows till the sun light became dim outside.
He felt a headache of his mind scanned and heard Merra’s annoyed voice yelling “Lix, you stupid fool! Niya is tied like I told you repeatedly! Lix, you fool, should be listening to me a mind walking sentient plant when I’m trying to advise you on things instead of manipulating me to do things with your awful voice!”
Eric stiffened as Merra added with a calmer tone “Lix is an idiot who doesn’t care about anything but himself and what he wants with Niya harrumph.”
He felt Merra leave his mind as it dawned on him, Merra’s words.
He mentally thought to himself “Lix manipulated Merra to give him Niya who’ll go to him willingly.”
He roared out mentally “Merra! Lix is dead for I’ll kill him when I get the chance!”
He mentally added “Wait till I get my hands on that Lix and kill him. I’m dying to use my claws and I think Lix will do for me to use my clawed hands onto.”
He straightened his form grabbing his mask and stormed into his bedroom slamming the door.
He tossed his mask onto the dresser and yanked off his jacket tossing it on the bed as he roared out mentally “Merra! Transport me to Lix now!”
He blinked his eyes to find himself standing with wooden double doors facing him. He bared his teeth and grabbed the handles throwing the doors open that hit the stone walls with a bang sound and stood. He saw Builders sitting on benches some with cups in their hands pause from their motions when they heard the noise and looked in his direction. He spotted King Winter standing in a corner with a glaring stare at the Builders. He walked into the room with his eyes narrowed looking at each of the Builders till he spotted Lix with a frown on his face sitting on a bench with Niya with confusion in her eyes next to him. He walked further into the room till he was near the table Lix sat then pointed a finger at him and with another finger on his other hand ran it front of his throat.
He heard Merra speaking voice in his head “Lix you idiot, you forgot to use your voice onto my offsprings who eavesdropped my talks with you and told him what was going on. It was they who transported Eric here who wants to kill you according to his finger gestures.”
He gave Lix a glare and continued to bare his teeth as the male got up from the bench walking towards him speaking “Niya.”
He felt himself passing out going unconscious and he roared mentally “Niya!”
Eric came to find himself kissing lips with his lips and eyes closed which his bare hands felt a female form from them on her chest and he felt her hands on both of his cheeks. He jerked his head away while opening his eyes to stare at the lips' owner was Niya herself who he saw in her eyes had recognition and affection in them. He continued to stare at Niya who turned her head to his left looking down and he looked to see Lix lying on the floor eyes closed with head at a crooked angle. He saw King Winter standing next to Lix with his glaring eyes aimed at William standing with Builders surrounding him in a semi circle his eyes aimed at the Cold Lord. Eric turned his head towards Niya who looked at him.
He stared at her with confusion as she spoke “Lix said my name and got in a fist fight with you who he appeared to have no defenses from you. After you knocked him out heading towards me, I saw King Winter grab Lix’s head and with a hand twisting it at the neck which I heard a snapping sound which is when you reached me.”
Eric frowned as Niya paused then continued “Once Lix was defeated I felt my memories in my mind restored by Merra along with the horror images I’ve been getting changed to show them as Lix’s memories which she told me, Lix was unknowingly passing to me when I was used as his conduit which she permanently removed from within my mind.”
He felt annoyance hearing that as he heard William’s voice speaking loudly “Merra, I request you transport Eric and his female back to their home now.”
He blinked his eyes to find himself with Niya back in their quarters.
He heard Jiang’s voice speaking from besides him “Welcome back Mistress.”
He heard Kossman’s voice speaking from behind him “It’s good to see you, Sun Lord and Mistress.”
Eric wrapped his arms around Niya who continued to rub his cheeks with her hands.
He exhaled a breath as he thought “Finally Lix is dead. King Winter did me a favor by killing him.”
Eric exhaled a breath again after inhaling and let go of Niya as she let go of touching him. He took Niya’s hand and pulled her into the bedroom with her closing the door behind them. He again hugged Niya as he felt her hands touch his chest rubbing with her head on his shoulder. He shut his eyes as a smile came to his face then he frowned as Niya took her head off his shoulder which he let go of her. He went to his dresser as he saw Niya go to her dresser opening a drawer and saw her yank out clothing that was white and folded before going into the bathroom. He rubbed a hand on his forehead then yanked off his uniform putting it away to put on his pajama pants and put on his gloves then got in bed lying down staring at the bathroom door with impatience. He was rewarded when Niya came out dressed in her nightgown looking familiar to him and different from her regular nightgown he confused on that.
He stared at Niya who spoke “Eric, you mind holding me in a certain position in bed with my back touching your chest? I feel the need to be held that way.”
He exhaled a breath and signed “The position is called spoon fashion.”
Niya spoke “You mind spoon fashion me?”
He nodded his head and held up his arms towards Niya who turned off the lamp and watched her get in bed which he placed his arms around her spoon fashioning her. He stiffened as he felt the nightgown which felt similar to Brianna’s as confusion ran through out him. He felt a powerful feeling of sleepiness closed his eyes falling asleep.

Chapter thirty four
Eric found himself floating above his body lying in bed on his back as he saw Niya get up turning on the lamp. He frowned as he saw tears falling from Niya’s eyes that walked towards the bathroom doorway. He felt anger when he saw Lix appear from a hidden state standing in front of Niya who halted from her walk appearing to not see him.
He heard Lix speak ““Look at Eric, look at him, don’t abandon him."
Eric felt confusion as he saw Niya turn around staring at himself lying in bed with the blanket up to the waist of his pants baring him from below his navel to above showing his muscular body and his hands he saw were on his chest with arms bent to show muscles on them. He saw Lix disappear fading from his eyes sight as Niya took a step towards him followed by walking to the bed. He continued to watch Niya who used the hem of her nightgown to dry her tears then saw her sit on the bed before leaning over to place a hand on his stomach abs with ridged muscles bunching on it. Eric found himself back in his body and opened his eyes to stare at Niya whose eyes he saw was staring at her hand. He felt her hand gently rub the muscles of his stomach then removed her hand to twist with back to him towards the lamp. He watched her turn off the lamp then saw her blindly touch him grabbing his hands gently yanking them off his chest which he allowed before putting her head down on his chest along with her hand on his stomach. He felt her hand rub the area gently and felt her form become still which he assumed was asleep. Eric closed his eyes letting sleep overtake him.

Eric woke up feeling lips kissing his with a hand on his chest. He felt the lips belonged to Niya which he kissed back. He shivered as she broke off the kiss and he opened his eyes to stare at Niya who stared at him with a hint of a smile in her face. 
He grabbed her arms and rolled them over as Niya shrieked “Eric!”
He silenced her shriek by kissing her on the lips while feeling her hand touching his chest.
He stiffened as he heard Jiang’s voice mentally speaking in his head “Your Majesty? Its late morning, are you going to be in bed all day?”
Eric with regret broke off the kiss and turned around to see Jiang peering through the ajar door at him which he mentally spoke while feeling the Highlander scanning him “No.”
Jiang in response closed the door. Eric sat up from the bed and got up as he saw Niya out of the corners of his eyes do the same. He got dressed into the Sun Lord uniform as Niya changed into the Mistress uniform. 
He frowned as she faced him and he signed “The nightgown? Where did you get it?”
Niya spoke “I’m not sure where it came from but it was in the drawer and no sign of my regular nightgown I've been using seen in there.”
He went out to the living room to the table where he sat and began eating and drinking his food and drink as Niya did the same.
He once finished leaned back with a frown on his face as he heard Kossman at his side speak “I took the liberty of getting some things from the water ship which I put in dresser drawers in your bedroom while you were out retrieving Niya.”
Eric felt annoyance arrive which he thought to himself “The nightgown Niya is wearing, belongs to Brianna.”
He got up and went to the bedroom followed by Niya towards Niya’s dresser which he yanked open drawers. He saw the first drawer held Brianna’s nightgown and Niya's familiar robe. He looked in the second drawer and saw it was empty which he assumed held Niya’s Mistress uniform. Then he looked in the third and last drawer of the dresser which he saw held another Mistress uniform with booted shoes. He closed the drawers and walked to his dresser walking by Niya watching him which he looked to see the first drawer had his pajamas, gloves and robe he had yet to wear. He looked in the second drawer which empty was for he guessed held his Sun Lord Uniform. He pulled open the third drawer and saw an extra Sun Lord Uniform complete with boots folded in it. He exhaled a breath and went to the dresser next to the bedroom door that had four drawers which he pulled open the top drawer. He saw three folders filled to the brim in it which he saw one had his name on it. He peered in the other two folders to see one had pictures of the Hybrids his children Ricky and Cassie attached to papers and saw the third folder had papers and pictures of his sisters, Ionela, Lana and Arielia attached to them. He closed the drawer and opened the second drawer which he saw held his water ship pajamas folded with a picture of himself lying on top of it he recognizing it came from Kossman handing it to him from Cassie's bed. Exhaling a breath he closed the drawer and looked in the third drawer which he saw four folders filled to the brim with each having names on them.
He read “Andrew Kossman, Alexei Zesky, Anya Lake, Kurpanov and Trevor.” 
Frowning he closed the drawer and opened the fourth drawer which held another Sun Lord uniform with shoes including another Mistress uniform with shoes in it. He closed the drawer and stood up shutting his eyes as an urge to mouth breathe arrive which he felt arms holding him in a hug while feeling a head touching his chin which he recognized belonged to Niya. He shut his mouth and breathed through the tubes in his nose as he felt the urge leave him. He placed hands on Niya’s back to rub and felt her head move from touching his chin which he opened his eyes to stare at her brown eyes filled with concern.
He stepped back as Niya’s hands released him and he signed “I’m alright just had an urge to mouth breathe. Come let’s go to the balcony. I might as well see how the crowd is doing.”
He walked out with Niya following him and grabbed his mask off the dining table as she did the same. He put on the mask as she followed his example with her mask.
He felt his mind scanned and aimed his face towards Jiang as he mentally spoke “I like to see how the crowd is going to react to seeing us.”
He saw Jiang nod his head. He took Niya’s gloved hand and together they walked out of the quarters to the elevator followed by Jiang. The elevator stopped at the balcony floor which he walked out to the railing and peered down. Eric frowned seeing the crowd who was silent seeing he had heads aimed at his direction but weren't giving off any reactions.
He exhaled a breath and pulled Niya into the hallway which he signed “Looks like we’ll have to walk among them.”
He heard Niya verbally speak his words while hearing Jiang speaking “I was afraid of this.”
He and group entered the elevator which went down and took the same route as before to outside which he stood watching the crowd before walking down the ramp towards them. He let go of Niya’s hand to point down with a finger and walked further down the ramp with Jiang trailing him. He reached the outskirts of the crowd who parted going aside forming an aisle to show a Highlander wearing a Kaddar uniform with arms behind his back with two armed with gun weapons male Shadonians one having a hand on the Highlander’s shoulder.
Eric folded his arms as one of the Shadonians spoke in Basic “This is the fool who spoke the lie about the Mistress’ disappearance spreading it among the people.”
Eric walked forward unfolding his arms till he was standing in front of the Highlander which he saw appeared to make a gulping motion with his throat. He turned sideways and with a quick move brought his fist into the Highlander’s stomach hard. The Highlander he saw groaned loudly before bending down retching out liquid from his mouth. He heard a loud siren like noise and saw the crowd scatter darting in many directions while seeing the Shadonia haul the still retching Highlander with them. He turned around and walked up to Niya grabbing her hand and pulled her inside with Jiang following him. Once inside after the door closed he pulled Niya towards him and wrapped his arms around her, his head leaning on her head. He felt Niya’s arms around him in a hug as he exhaled a breath through his mouth and with regret let go of hugging Niya who let go of hugging him. He took her hand and together the two walked up the stairs to the hallway leading to the elevator. The elevator took them to the desired floor which he walked out and went to his quarters which he yanked off his mask putting it on the table. He leaned against the windows as he heard the door to the bedroom open and closed behind him.
He frowned as Merra’s yelling words echoed in his mind “Niya is tied!”
He narrowed his eyes barring his teeth as he mentally spoke to himself “That Lix mated with Niya hence Merra’s words, Argh.”
He mentally added “I don’t care whether Niya agrees or not I’m mating with her tonight and I’ll do what it takes to get her to submit to my demand.”
He peered out the window to see nothing but falling whiteness which he straightened up and grabbed his mask off the table to walk into the bedroom slamming the door. He placed his mask on the dresser next to the door next to Niya’s mask as he went to his dresser yanking off the Sun Lord uniform. He placed the clothes into the drawer and opened another drawer yanking out his gloves which he placed on his hands. He grabbed his breathing device with his right hand and stood with arms folded facing the bathroom door naked with eyes narrowed and his teeth bare on his face. He stood waiting as Niya wearing Brianna’s nightgown walked out holding her Mistress uniform folded in her hands with eyes aimed at the floor. He stood watching Niya as she put away the uniform in the dresser then saw her stiffened by her movements followed by her looking at him with a shocked expression on her face. 
Eric signed “I want to mate and I insist you submit.”
He saw Niya frown and heard her speak “I refuse-“
Eric interrupted signing “That nightgown you’re wearing belonged to Brianna, I don’t mind you’re wearing. Don’t tempt me to rip it off your form if you don’t submit for I insist on mating and I’ll do it whether you agree or not.”
He lowered his hands fisting one of them as he held the breathing device in his other hand while forming a sneer on his face. He gave Niya a sneering glare who frowned then with hesitance in her movements took off the nightgown baring her body and watched her folding it in the drawer before shutting off the lamp. He kept the glare on his face as Niya got on the bed laying on it which he got in bed putting the device between the pillows and moved his form on top of her as her legs parted to accommodate him. He felt jolts of pleasure from her skin touching his skin as he entered her thrusting in movement while feeling her meeting his movements. His hands grabbed her sides as his thumbs rubbing while hearing her gasp out moaning sounds as he saw a pleasant expression on her face. He felt more feelings of pleasure arrive spilling in him as he moved and shook hard from a powerful charged feeling of intense pleasure as he spilled himself inside her while hearing her give out a loud long moaning sound. He felt his shaking stop as the pleasures feeling lowered its ebb as he placed his hands underneath her back and brought his lips to her lips ravaging her mouth with his. He felt Niya kiss him back by her moving mouth and felt her hands running through his hair as he tightened his hold on her. He broke off the kiss to kiss Niya on the cheeks then raised his head to stare at her in the face with night vision whose eyes stared back unseeing him in the darkness of the room. He felt Niya’s hands touch his cheeks gently rubbing while seeing a look of a smile in her facial expression.
He lowered his head to put it next to hers cheek touching her cheek and exhaled a breath through his mouth as he thought “Mine, mine, forever mine.”
He felt Niya’s hands stroke his hair before settling them on his back and heard her breathing become deeper while sensing her asleep. He shut his eyes as a smile came to his lips and he allowed himself to sleep.

Chapter Thirty five
Eric woke up finding it was daylight and found Niya not inclined to get up which he exhaled a breath to let her sleep. He got up and got dressed into his uniform and grabbed his mask going to the bedroom door yanking it open only to feel hands of a Zeskaya touching his back to find instead of the living room but a dirt hallway with written symbols on the walls which he thrust on his mask in a fast move while hearing water sounds. He wandered around the hallway to a light source to find a gated fence humming of electricity at the doorway entrance making him confused to what the gate was for. He went to the fence to peer seeing a forest in sight and frowned as he felt electrical jolts hitting him in the stomach making him hit the dirt ground lying onto his back and feeling himself passing out unconscious as he heard a bang sound seeing the gate was gone from its place.

Eric woke up discovering to himself that he couldn’t move which his eyes focused on something white colored with black outlines like a box he seemed to be lying in. He felt himself still wearing his Sun Lord uniform with breathing tubes still in him. He looked around with his eyes to find an oxygen mask covering his mouth and nose area along with noticing another oxygen mask covering his breathing device attached to the wall of the coffin he assumed he was in by the looks of things. Eric saw that he couldn't move any of his body except his eyes. He felt a coldness feeling in the middle of his chest and sensed something pressing on it with a prick of pain attached to it. His eyes saw the top of a grey tube with two tubal wires leading to part of the black outline. Eric's eyes travel around the box he saw with his eyes looking further up attached to the box was his breathing device with tubes going down to his nose with a clear oxygen mask part on top of the device that was attached to the box cover by two straps of cloth attached to it. He sensed movement to look ahead of him some sort of whiteness held up like a blanket cloth by a green scaly hand with black cloth attached to it. He saw a green colored scaly Human like face with Rakcaran eye color that was leaning over the box staring at him while the face was surrounded by a black colored hood and clothing in the same color attached to the hood. He saw the manoid was jerking back and forth a little bit while staring at him with narrowed Rakcaran like colored eyes. He saw another like the manoid that doing similar jerking while leaning over staring at him while seeing them move. He saw one of them move his mouth he assumed that they were males and saw the first manoid’s mouth was moving as if their both in conversation which continued as both are appearing to be talking to each other. He saw them both lift their heads looking at one direction which one holding the blanket placed it over the coffin's window blocking his eyes sight. He felt a range of emotions running through him while focusing on confusion and sleepiness which made him closed his eyes. He dreamed of himself floating in something moving all around him while feeling himself still breathing and his eyes sight saw nothing but darkness which bothered him. He continued to float then the scene changed to show a dry arid field like the one he visited when hooked up to the Rakcar’s warship. He was standing in the field with the sun shining high overhead and looked around to see far in the distance is a mountain chain surrounding the field. He saw something shiny far in front of him walked towards it which the shiny thing got to be a bit closer in a fast motion. He saw was a lighthouse with lightening shooting from the top of it into the sky and lightening hitting it back from the sky. He stared at the lighthouse and found himself inches away.
He reached a hand and heard a voice speaking “Its impossible for you to be that asleep for the life delayer keeps you awake.”
He turned to his right to see a manoid like the manoid that peered at him lying in the box standing away while visibly jerking back and forth slowly.
He frowned staring at the manoid who continued speaking “Oh never mind, they won’t be able to talk to you anyway.”
He heard a male voice sounding familiar tone speak “Guess again Samol.”
He saw a Humanian with Humanian Jon’s appearance appear besides the manoid with a hand on the throat gagging the male.
He stood staring at the manoid who gagged out “Impossible for him to be asleep in the life delayer. We made sure of that.”
He heard Jon he assumed was the Humanian's name speak in a sneering voice tone “Don’t be sure of that, Samol. You don’t know him and his mind abilities hence him asleep and here.”
He watched as the manoid he assumed is named Samol closed his eyes fading from view as Jon gives off a loud harrumph sound then turns his attention towards him which he frowned staring.
He stared at Jon who folded his arms staring at him with his golden eyes and spoke “Your mind is more powerful than we thought hence you being asleep and able to be here, isn’t it Divine One?”
He frowned as a figure walked from hidden state to stand next to Jon who he saw to his shock was himself with green scaly skin and Rakcaran like eyes while wearing the Sun Lord uniform that had his eyes narrowed appearing to be aimed at him.
He stepped from the lighthouse to turn facing the two as himself with the Rakcaran looks spoke in a Rakcaran toned voice “Yes his mind appears to be more powerful but I doubt being hooked up to the Rakcaran warship had anything to do with it. I suspect his mind was already powerful before the hook up.”
He opened his mouth to gape as Jon spoke “Anyway that’s not important.”
He shut his mouth as Jon faded then appeared standing in front of him inches away and jerked feeling a clawed hand placed over his forehead. He sensed belongs to the Humanian while feeling zapping electrical currents hit the top of his head and abruptly run through him. He rolled his eyes from the charges of electricity running through him then felt Jon place a hand over his eyes forcing them closed. He found himself back in the coffin opening his eyes to stare at the manoids who are peering through the glass window eyes aimed at each other while having their mouths moving as one is holding the blanket cloth in their hand. He frowned inwardly what Jon was doing to him as he sensed his right hand unclenched curl into a fist as his other hand does the same and suddenly can feel his body but still can’t move it. He heard voices sounding in a female toned Rakcaran voice mentally ordering him to mouth breathes once the Samol cover the box with the blanket. He assumed the manoids are called Samol who let go of the blanket and his view is blocked which he discovered he can mouth breathe. He breathed through his mouth and got the rage episode which caused him to feel his body’s ability to move again. He moved his hands to feel for the tube sticking in his chest blindly to slowly yank out the attached needle out of him putting besides him. He used his hands to feel for the breathing mask covering his lower face which the Rakcaran tone voices told him to leave it on. He felt his body systems start working from being halted which he begins to breathe through his nose and his rages go away. He again felt sleepiness and once again the floating then found himself on the arid field with the lighthouse in front of him where Jon is standing facing a figure he sees is himself looking more human looking with himself’s left towards him. He stood staring with a confused expression on his face. Eric saw himself turn to his left to look in his direction and saw himself jerk with shock on his face with golden Human like eyes while staring at him watching himself. He saw Jon look his way put a hand over himself’s eyes forcing them closed which himself faded from view as he walked up to the Humanian with a confused expression on his face. 
He saw Jon fold his arms with a frown on his face to speak “You don’t know what the Rakcar did don’t you?”
He opened his mouth to speak and found that he can’t speak despite moving his mouth to say something.
He closed his mouth to stare at Jon who continued speaking “Anyway you’ll know soon enough.”
He jerked from feeling an electrical charge hit him from the top of the head that runs through him. He found his eyes forced closed finds himself floating then back in the coffin jerking his eyes open as images come to his mind. He saw himself with eyes closed floating in a cylinder tube surrounded by darkness which lights turn on spotlighting the room showing the cylinder isn’t alone but accompanied by five tubes with figures all wearing the Sun Lord uniform in them. He saw that they all have his face with two looking like their females with two looking like their males all four looking Human looking while the fifth has Rakcaran looks by green scaly skin seen all floating in the cylinder tubes all with their eyes closed. He continued to watch as the tubes all six of them go down becoming horizontal and he saw himself thrust out first still unconscious and suited up figures with humanoid forms grab him and place him in a wheelchair locking him in it wheeling him away. He saw from memory of himself brought to a dark room to sit underneath a spotlight which he woke up to find himself restrained to the chair while looking around with confusion. He heard steps behind him which his wheelchair was pushed out of the spotlight into the darkness lighted up by lights from the figure pushing through a cave passageway then reaches a small room. Eric recalled seeing two outlines of hidden female forms that gave him a strange feeling like he knew them walk in his line of sight. He stared at them with confusion on his face as he heard doors slide closed and heard a familiar elevator like humming sound that takes a long time while feeling himself going up like an elevator. Lights on above turn on and he felt the elevator stop which he wound up pulled out by someone and then out of the elevator into an all white hallway followed by the two female forms. Once at the end of the hallway the wheelchair was forced to a spin around which he saw a large room with numerous cylinder tubes holding people mostly Humans in them. He saw a rectangular box next to a set of numerous tubes surrounding a large cylinder tube which figures appear from hidden states which he remembering saw them as Samol. He heard a voice with a Rakcaran accent in a male voice speaking foreign language then the Samol speak foreign language which he heard female voices speaking foreign language. The Samol he saw jerked forwards in fast blurring speed moves to surround him one seen holding a syringe which they injected into his neck. He felt himself falling unconscious and recalled waking up in the coffin. Eric opened his eyes to stare at the coffin ceiling’s whiteness with a frown as he recalled himself in his quarters on Terrania pushed through his bedroom doorway to find himself in a dirt hallway like place then knocked unconscious. He found himself feeling very confused as for what the people with his face were and remembered himself lying on something hard unable to move with paralysis running through him with his eyes shut. He recalling heard voices speaking in foreign language and suddenly understands their words which their talking about creating five Rakcaran versions of the Sun Lord. He recalled the voices chattering on that they'll send the versions through the travel gate to find Mesan’s Curse’s hidden place and then let them know of it which they’ll send people to that area and take them out. Eric recalled listening felt confusion as the voices continued talking speaking that Mesan’s Curse will be fooled by the Rakcaran versions that’ll have the Sun Lord’s appearance and will act as him but will have programming to serve the Rakcar themselves. He heard laughing sounds then the hard bed he’s lying on moves shaking side by side till he can’t hear anything and felt liquid pooling around him that overcome him and he felt himself passing out. Eric remembering narrowed his eyes as he stared at the whiteness while fisting his hands. He felt uncontrollable raging anger arrives billowing through him that wasn’t his rages. He as the anger ran through him wound up with memories of his time with the Rakcar on Terrania he assumed he's no longer on that planetary world. Eric allowed the anger to get control as he realized that the female twins to him hidden he saw were the Rakcaran copies of himself. He angrily brought his fist up towards the box’s window smashing his fist through it while punching at the cloth. He saw the cloth removed as he removed his fist to see two Samol with shocked expressions on their faces. He bared his teeth at them and uses his other hand fisted to smash another hole through the window which appeared to be breakable glass that the entire window shattered on impact. He saw the Samol throw the cloth over which he used his hands to yank off the oxygen mask off his face and finds his breathing device attached to the metal part of the box with an oxygen mask on it which he tears off yanking his breathing device off it to hook it to his jacket. He threw his hands toward the metal part of the box to force it open. Eric forced open the lid yanking it up with the cloth coming up with his instincts screaming for him to turn invisible which he obeyed as the anger goes down within him. He sat up and swung his legs off to stand and see a Samol appear from a hidden outline form and hear an angry roar noise sounding like him with electronic computer tones to see a thin ray bolt hit the Samol who was charging at him hidden that hit the floor body form shriveling up to liquid and then dirt. He saw where the bolt come from a set of tubes surrounding a large cylinder tube where he saw himself in it with Rakcaran like skin color with all black eyes and an angry expression on the face which gets him a little annoyed. He looked around the room while hidden to see outlines of hidden Samol and two female form outlines picking at a wheelchair’s arm rest where a Zeskaya outline is sitting in it. He heard a Rakcaran voice speaking sounding in foreign language with electronic tones in reminding him of his voice then heard Rakcaran voice tones sounding like the Samol answering in foreign language. He spotted the female forms are still picking on the wheelchair’s arm rests restraints and appear to be struggling with them.
He heard a voice speaking in Basic “Get me out of this chair now.”
Eric realized that the hidden Zeskaya is Leader from the voice he recognized which he hidden weaved his way around Samol appearing to not see him or each other judging by Samol outlines bumping into other Samol outlines and hearing foreign language speaking in angry tones coming from them. He managed to avoid the Samol reached Leader and to snap off the restraints holding him to the wheelchair.
He saw the females grip Leader’s right arm and pull him out of the wheelchair who spoke in Basic talking to him "Put your hand on my arm so I can get you both out of here now."
He obeyed to put a hand on Leader’s left arm gripping it that slowly turns around walking further away from the tube. He halted Leader’s progress whenever hidden Samol unknowingly get in the way with hand jerking on the Zeskaya’s arm. The group reaches a wide doorway which Eric felt himself transported Zeskaya travel way as they go through it. He found that Leader had transported them to the Zeskayas’ meeting room where he sees numerous outlines of Zeskayas which become solid after Leader reveals himself to the group.
He formed himself solid to see a male version of himself appear standing near the table who points a finger at him speaking in Basic in a male voice of Rakcaran accent voice tones “That’s him.”
He heard two feminine voices speak the words at the same time the male spoke them. He looked at his left to see two females appearing to look like female versions of himself standing next to Leader who are both pointing at him. Eric found his eyes traveling among the Zeskaya as Leader speaks in foreign language with him not understanding the words. His eyes settle on a Zeskaya as if drawn to him and he turned invisible while hearing Leader cut off his talk to speak his name in a questioning tone.
He heard a new voice speak recognizing it as the Seer who spoke in a language he finding himself understanding in an annoyed tone "You Zeskayas better stop viewing the Sun Lord as Dictator despite his appearance is twin to him. It's not tolerable to me in question."
Eric ignored Leader's response to grab the Zeskaya who attracted his eye with a hand on the throat gagging him and appeared from his hidden state to bring his left hand fisted repeatedly into the Zeskaya’s stomach who gagged out groaning sounds.
He heard Leader groan out in Basic “Rule Breaker.”
He heard the sad tone of Leader's voice ignored him to continue punching as the male Zeskaya he was gagging and punching managed to gag out loudly in Basic 'I surprised the Sun Lord at his home on Terrania by transporting him to a location on Rakcara without his permission or your orders Leader."
Eric felt his anger took control punched the Zeskaya harder while cutting off the Zeskaya’s talk by gagging him tighter. He heard Leader speaking in foreign language and resisted hands grabbing his arms struggling against their grip that was tight as they peeled his hand off of the Zeskaya’s throat who coughed bending down gasping for air loudly. He angrily mouth breathed and heard Leader’s voice again speaking in foreign language as a hand clamped over his mouth forcing him to breathe through the tubes in his nose. He felt a hand cover his eyes struggled against the angry feeling running through him while restrained by the hands holding his arms as he was forced to walk. He found himself forced into a chair with his arms restrained by chair restraints which the hands covering his mouth and eyes are removed. He bared his teeth to gnash them while narrowing his eyes aimed at the Zeskayas scattered around him. He angrily again mouth breathed and gets the rages that cloud up his eyes sight. He struggled against the metal restraints on his arms with the rage episode running through him. He heard a voice sounding of Leader's to him speaking words he didn't get it in a compelling voice tone which compelled him to stop his mouth breathing to lean back in the chair shutting his eyes breathing through the tube. He found this got the rages to leave him and he found his anger losing its ebb as he wound up becoming calmer. He heard Leader's voice speaking again and found himself compelled to sleep which he relaxed his fisted hand to unclench them allowing himself to sleep. He dreamed of grass cliff with the ocean moving vast below. He saw Niya wearing the Mistress uniform appear in front of him with affection in her face while holding in her arms a young boy child that has some resemblance to himself by the facial area. He saw the child in her arms with shock as he got a memory of himself mating with Niya in presence of Brianna on the water ship. He continued to recall pulling out of Niya. She getting into a fast carrying status that produced his son as a baby he gave towards Brianna who took him while going through the open bathroom doorway in a flash of light. He stiffened as he recalled after the mating with Niya going back to his bed in his bedroom to sleep only to remember Brianna arriving into the room manipulating the alarm clock. He continued to stiffen further with shock fully within him that Brianna really didn't want him to suffer Han's Syndrome from her passing away status had him mate with Niya to prevent that but caused her death as a result. He felt himself hurt from that shocking feeling hitting him.
Eric eyed the child in Niya's arms who squirmed in her arms with his arms aimed towards him while speaking “Daddy.”
He found himself drawn walked forward towards Niya till he’s inches away to pull the child out of her arms to hold while assuming the offspring is a male while feeling offspring's arms go around his neck in a gentle hold. He felt the child put his head on his shoulder and sensed his son had fallen asleep. He stared at Niya which he offered one of his arms who go towards him with his arm around her as he leans his chin against her head feeling himself back at home. He got an urge to shut his eyes which he obeyed. Eric found himself back in the Zeskayas’ room waking up while still restrained in the chair with a Zeskaya sitting next to him in another chair wearing the barrel shaped mask on. He found himself really calm hears Leader’s voice speaking in foreign language coming from the Zeskaya sitting in the chair as two Zeskayas come forward who free himself from the chair. He didn't get up but stare accusingly at Leader. 
He heard Seer’s voice speaking he understood the language saying “Leader, you have a confession to make about his heritage.”
He heard a groaning tone from Leader who spoke "Dictator as he's dubbed when he ruled as Sun Lord over us Zeskayas in some nasty way hence he named by the word Dictator when referring to him. He had secretly mated with a Humanian female named Karina who gave birth to two sons she carried at the same time both Zeskayas named Jon and Alexei as he dubbed them."
He stared at Leader with his expression the same as Leader kept talking "Jon and Alexei once full grown knocked out Dictator and transported him unconscious to another world appearing primitive. Merra when questioned on Terrania confirmed that Dictator woke up from his sleeping status as detected on Terrania. She sensed him hanging around some natives of Terrania's city of Atlanta fighting some war battle against an enemy where he seemed to redeem himself by saving a female offspring belonging to the Atlanta city's army's leader but died from his injuries of doing that life saving as a result."
He narrowed his eyes as Leader continued after giving off a groan sound "Jon is my actual name and I'm one of the twin sons of the Dictator along with my brother Alexei, your Father being the other twin. I have slightly a Builder ability to manipulate people via compelling voice orders. My twin brother Alexei in question is more human via appearance than Zeskaya who doesn't have the traditional weapon as Zeskayas have. He does have the longevity of Zeskayas of living forever like we can. As for Dictator before he was put unconscious swore that he’ll return which a Seer after Alexei became Sun Lord prophesied that vow coming true but it appears he returned as you actually by the appearance looking twin to him."
Eric keeps his expression the same as Leader kept talking "Dictator’s mate Karina died soon after she birthed my brother and I. He took a Zeskaya female as his second mate who is Rule Breaker’s sister. He treated her nasty including forcing her into mating and making her carry the offspring inside her to term. The offspring the female carried was a blood drinker drank from within her. She had the baby surgically removed due to trouble birthing it naturally-" 
He wound up interrupted by a Zeskaya male voice speaking "I took the baby to another world which was later indentified as Terrania by Merra talking to me there. I was confronted by two beings Merra told me on another visit there were Drainers who saw the baby I had in my arms as one of their own species which she confirmed that. The Drainers were acting nasty towards me acting like they were thinking I stole one of their babies from one of their easily accessed hatcheries as explained to me by Merra after I escaped them leaving the offspring with them on another visit to Terrania."
The Zeskaya added hearing nothing from Leader in response "It was Merra who told me while on Terrania that the baby grew up to be a Drainer by the titled name of Aiden. He has outlived normal Drainer life spans with no apparent sickness of old age hitting him. He will be informed of his connection towards the Sun Lord once Merra gets him to remember his parentage as oath by her she'll do it." 
He heard Leader comment "There are probably additional family members out there waiting to be acknowledged."
Eric at the moment stood up having an enough of the talk to stand staring at the wall where the travel gate was behind it then looked at Leader with a glare who groaned loudly speaking “Alright, I’ll do it. I need to discuss something with Kossman.”
He looked at Leader who took his arm and escorted him to the wall showing double stone like doors opening revealing a travel gate behind them which they walk through entering a forest through a gate showing night which Eric assumes is Kurpanov's island while feeling Leader's hand off his arm. He heard a click sound blinked his eyes to find himself standing in a room lighted by a lamp which he recognized as the twins' bedroom to see Niya with tear stained cheeks lying on the bottom bunk of the bed asleep with a blanket over her form up to her neck. He heard a loud wailing noise came from behind him.
He spun around as if compelled to spot a crib next to the wall and standing in it is the child from his dream who stopped his crying to throw his hands up in mittens while speaking “Daddy.” 
Eric widened his eyes of shock seeing the child as his son walked toward the crib to place his hands on his offspring lifting him up from it to hold him in a hug with the kid putting his arms around his neck in a gentle grip and leaning forehead on his cheek. He felt a hand touch his arm while feeling charges of pleasure from the touch which made him look at his right to see Niya standing next to him with her eyes swollen from crying that removed her hand to touch him on the cheek. He pushed his face into while feeling pleasure from her hand on him. He offered an arm which Niya went to hug him. He wrapped his arm around her leaning his chin on the side of her head while shutting his eyes from charges of pleasure running through him from her touching him. He heard a knock on a door sound and looked at the door opening his eyes which opened and a Highlander peered in with eyes becoming wide when the eyes fell on him despite looking familiar to him. 
He frowned to felt his mind scanned while hearing Jiang’s familiar voice speaking in his mind “Welcome back, Your Majesty. There's lots to tell you while you've been gone from Terrania which was a lengthy time period."
He turned his attention towards Niya standing holding his son who had managed to take him from his hand holds which he signed “What’s our son’s name anyway?"
He stared at Niya who formed a frown on her face as she spoke “Our son was given the name of Eric by one of the Builder people who raised him hidden from the others on admittance when confronted by Jiang. He was returned by one of them with no explanation given for the returning. Merra has balked giving an explanation and has told me to drop the subject with an edge in her voice tone indicating that she made some kind of deal for his return. I don't care anyway as long as I have you and our son back with me."
Eric signed "What did I miss while I was gone?"
Eric wound up told by Jiang "There was a copy twin of you later dubbed Dick that was posing as you. He fooled too many people including myself into thinking he was you. Your identity as Sun Lord wound up found out by the racial and island nations' leaders which a city wide rumor is pointing at a guard for blabbing that to an Akylah who spread the fact all over Atlanta. As for the racial and island nations' leaders they in Americania's President's office confronted the twin posing as you with the identity as Eric in his face. He wound up revealing his face towards them confirming their talk despite my attempts to talk him out of doing it due to having an excuse ready for it. He ignored me and my talk and got the Mistress to reveal her identity in the process." 
Eric felt a range of emotions of disgust and annoyance hearing that. 
Jiang he heard insisted in a firm tone "Your Majesty, I insisted that you go to Medical Bay to be tested by your personal doctor. We didn't do that when Dick came who we thought was you at first for awhile. It was your son who pointed out the deception due to indicating on having some kind of connection towards you. The connection in question was pointed out on him seemingly knowing on whenever you were hurt he kept on complaining of you hurt via various communication ways despite the twin not suffering from medical distress. Merra and I with others were slow to get your son's message of the deception as pointed out till your son grew a bit to verbalize his words he complaining on wanting his Father."
Eric frowned hearing that as Jiang kept talking "Merra and I in question figured out the deception when Dick as he's officially dubbed used his voice unexpectedly sounding like the Rakcar and not like you before your voice went away as caught on recorders, just to calm your son. I had Dick tested which is when the Rakcaran species he's a part of was discovered inside his internal body system by your doctor testing him. Your doctor had to give him a shot of a lethal dose of poison just to kill him he later admitted that Merra insisted on his death period. Merra claims that the Rakcar have some kind of technology ability of detecting other Rakcar via orbiting planets via some vehicle she dubs by the words space ship."
He frowned forming it on his face as Jiang added "Merra thinks that the Rakcar detecting other Rakcar on planets would land their space ships and take control causing havoc within the planetary world enough to cause destruction of using up the natural resources before moving onto another planetary world to do that over and over. She has claimed that the Rakcar ignore worlds that don't have Rakcar on them if their not detected as she says from reading the mind of Dick having knowledge of the Rakcaran species fully just prior to death. She also has said from mind scans of Dick as she dubbed him that the Rakcar's home world is currently facing some kind of destruction involving with returning the natural order of the planet at the moment due to the Zeskaya managed to cause the damage to restore the planet Rakcara originally their home world before the Rakcar arrived via space ships. The Rakcar according to Dick's mind by Merra are seeking a twin world to be a replacement for their world hence they sending Rakcar through travel gates to planetary worlds for the Rakcar in space ships to detect while orbiting the planet to take control. Merra also claims that the Rakcar only target planetary worlds that have Rakcar detected in them via scans of their space ships orbiting the planet and have ignored potential worlds that don't have any Rakcar detected onto them."
Eric signed as Jiang paused "I insists on going to the Medical Bay to get tested. I don't trust the Rakcar to have done something to my body's system or cause me to be sick with something lethal."
He found Niya repeating his words using the words "Eric says."
He eyed Jiang who spoke "Follow me now."
Eric obeyed to follow Jiang a route to Medical Bay while sensing Niya taking up the rear still holding onto his son Eric Junior he figured he'll dub him.
Eric once in Medical Bay got ordered by Trevor "Strip your clothes to the waist and lie on the bed now."
He obeyed to lie on the bed despite hearing Trevor's voice tone sounding of firmness with a hint of anger to him. Eric frowned as Trevor stick into his body a big needle attached to a large tube that gave off a light while digging the needle further into him making him grimace fully from the pain felt.
He heard from Trevor "Now lie still while the scanner scans you thoroughly. Don't mind the thing being injected into you. That's how the scanner is supposed to scan you anyway."
Eric felt himself uncomfortable from the sensation of the cylinder on him with the needle still inside him. He felt the tube giving him pain whenever it pressed down on him from going up and down in some thumping like movement.
He felt himself get annoyed about that started thinking “Get that thing out of me.
He repeated his comment while forcing himself to remain still and eyed Jiang who was looking at Trevor then eyed Niya who was staring at the doctor while seeing Eric Junior held in her arms staring at him. 
He felt a headache of his mind scanned and assumed that it’s Merra doing it by getting it confirmed he heard "Excuse me Eric while I scan your mind for anything the Rakcar might have done to you, you might not remember what it is."
Trevor he shifted attention to stare during the test and Merra's lengthy scanning found this seemingly lengthy to his annoyance. He felt his mind stopped scanned by the headache to his relief. He eyed Trevor who yanked out the tube to his relief and found the needle hole healing up in a fast speed move leaving no trace in place. He kept his attention onto Trevor as he put on his uniform covering him from the waist up.
Trevor he eyed spoke "Your Majesty is Your Majesty himself and that he’s fine medically with nothing to indicate on anything seriously lethal within his system. Your Majesty is free to leave Medical Bay." 
He heard the angry voice tone in Trevor's voice obeyed to get halted while out in the hallway by Jiang speaking "Hold on a minute Your Majesty."
He frowned while eyeing Jiang who spoke "Your personal doctor is currently angry at himself that he didn’t think of testing Your Majesty when Dick returned as him. This was before Dick abruptly used his voice to calm your son revealing the deception as a result the doctor is furious with himself."
Eric didn't comment a response as he heard blaring "You should visit the balcony for there's an overheard persisting rumor of you being sick with an illness. People were sensing something wrong with Dick from odd feelings hitting them whenever they eyed him and couldn't identify the feeling. Their assuming the feeling is related to detecting you sick with a medical illness actually."
Eric frowned hearing Merra's voice who stopped talking to feel her stopped scanning him as he eyed Jiang who spoke "I caught what she told you actually so balcony it is."
Eric went to the balcony by elevator followed by Jiang and Niya still holding Eric Junior to go to the balcony floor. He halted the group by waving his arms as nervousness hit him hard.
He wound up thrust Eric Junior by Niya and found himself holding his son helped him stop being scared while halted by Jiang speaking "Just wait a bit while the guard checks out the area."
He watched as a guard went on the balcony looking up at the sky and then looked at Jiang who spoke "It’s safe to go on the balcony nothing to indicate of rain by the sky. Oh the secret of you being poisoned easily by water wound up found out actually. The news of this is all over the place among the restless natives of Terrania. That's due to a one of the national leaders did that poisoning onto Dick by accident who still got your water sickness ability by giving him a cup of water to drink while not realizing that would make him sick actually is when this came out. This ruler in question the current Emperor of Oceana made no secret of the water poisoning towards other rulers in Terrania using some rude tone when he blabbed. I think Oceanans is still smarting as you Humans say from you killing an Emperor of their nation."
He frowned to look at Jiang who added "The Oceanans have appeared to accept you as Sun Lord without any complaints by making it clear that the Mistress's position is to keep you in line from being power mad as they said despite your title controls other rulers in question too."
He formed a frown on his face to feel Eric Junior rubbing his forehead on his cheek he exhaled a breath from the feel while hearing "Daddy."
Eric inhaled again and got ordered "So let's go to the balcony before any bad weather hits now."
Eric obeyed to go on the balcony to look down at the crowd who cheer their cries sounding happy to him and acting happy to see him. He felt Eric Junior squirm in his arms and sensed that his son liked the attention. He exhaled a breath through his nose to feel himself better from the nervousness he had.
Eric stayed on the balcony till clouds he glimpsed cover the sun and heard mentally blaring from Jiang "Its time to go. The clouds don't look right to me which are indicating some bad weather."
Eric obeyed to bob his head towards the crowd while waving a hand and left to the hallway. His nervousness hit him hard which he realized that he’s in shock and overwhelmed from what has been happening to him including new life in Terrania with identity shown while keeping the Sun Lord title. He thrust Eric Junior to Niya in a fast move who took him without protest to squat putting hands on his head while shaking violently as his mind is being scanned. Eric kneeled to put hands over his eyes while shaking as tears spill from his eyes. He felt a hand touch the top of his head which he sensed belongs to Niya's giving him charges of pleasure. 
He stopped his jerking and he struggled to relax from the overwhelming feeling in him while hearing Niya speaking "Let it go and release the pain now." 
He cried tears fisting his hands his eyes shut while raising his face up towards the ceiling as his shaking stops. 
He heard a child’s voice speaking “Daddy.”
He lowered his head as his tears stop and the overwhelmed feeling stops bothering him. He felt Niya’s hand off his head followed by her arm wrapping around him pulling him towards her kneeling form he not resisting. He felt to his shock charges of pleasure from her touch which over came his overwhelmed feeling with Eric Junior sandwiched between them. He wrapped an arm around Niya while putting a hand onto Eric Junior's body to bury his face onto Niya's shoulder relaxing from her touching him and himself touching her. He calmed down as he felt Eric Junior’s hands touching him giving him a feeling of peace arrive within him that relaxed him further. He felt himself relaxed releases his hold on Niya to pluck Eric Junior from her not resisting from that to find his son clingy towards him. He stood up with Niya's hand felt onto his right arm which he breathes deeply through the tubes in his nose while feeling his son falling asleep in his hands' grip by hearing the offspring giving of yawn sounds loudly several times. Eric and others went to his quarters where he went into the spare bedroom to place Eric Junior in the crib that didn't stir from being transferred but kept on sleeping. He left the room to living area to see Niya sitting at the table eating food and drink in a fast motion. He spotted a set of food and drink set for him which he went to. He found himself terribly hungry ate and drank ravenously in a fast motion leaving nothing left. He once done leaned back in the chair to sit staring at his hands as he saw Niya’s hand came into his view to grip his hand while he felt charges of pleasure from her hand touching him. He gripped her hand back in a tight squeeze but keeps a gentle grip onto it. 
He heard from Jiang mentally "The Mistress has been suffering unexplained pains that your doctor is baffled to explain. According to your doctor when testing the Mistress the pains seem to match the symptoms of Han’s Syndrome which he can’t explain why she has it. Your doctor thinks she started having the condition after Dick returned as you Your Majesty."
He frowned as he continued to hear Jiang add "Your doctor prescribed Niya some medicine to take for her pains which Dick as you disapproved of. He was sensed thinking she was having an addiction. He wouldn’t allow her to take any medicine despite he wasn’t told of the real reason why she was taking the medicine. The Mistress has been too embarrassed to talk about it towards him in question."
Eric frowned further inwardly as Jiang continued "The Mistress has been complaining towards me privately reading her mind of feeling disgusted from her mating with Dick giving her that feeling. She has complained of repeatedly getting that feeling every time including an image of you flashing in her mind acting in a threatening way with hands fisted and punching. She also complained that the mating with Dick didn't feel right. Instead he felt cold and hard and was like jamming inside her including causing her some distress of feeling her pains worse off every time that mating happened. She wound up as a result using whatever excuse to avoid mating with Dick period. Dick sometimes fell for her excuses but there were other times he used his maleness status to force her into mating rituals by using force to get her to submit to it. Excuse me for telling you this but I'm just repeating what the Mistress complained to me about she too embarrassed to talk to Dick about his nastiness her wording actually. It was her who came up with the name of Dick to refer your twin due to complaints of his odd behavior before it came out that he was a twin of yours actually."
Eric looked at Jiang to mentally speak from an urge of wanting to see Brianna within him “I want to see Brianna.”
He saw Jiang nod his head before pointing his eyes at Niya who he saw out the corners of his eyes appear to be staring at the table before hearing her speak "I'm staying in case little Eric wakes up crying so a parent can comfort him."
He gently released his hand from Niya and gently rubbed a hand on her cheek who pushed it in response and with regret walked away out of the quarters taking the hallway to the elevator which went down to the coffin room. Jiang accompanied him inside to go to Brianna’s coffin to stare at her which he felt sadness hitting him. He wound up with a memory in his mind of himself in a somewhat small square room with stone walls all around him with a metal floor and a metal ceiling too high above him while hearing water sounds all around him with night vision in his eyes sight.
He in the memory was kneeling while rocking his form back and forth tears spilling down his eyes as he recalled mentally chanting “Brianna, Niya.”
He recalled himself chanting those names over and over to himself in his mind. He remembered feeling sleepy lowered his form to curl into a ball with arms over his head shutting his eyes. He continued to recall some light source shined overhead jarring him awake as his eyes sight flashed from day to night back and forth. Eric remembering of this looked up in the cell to see a ball of light come down towards him. He recalled seeing the ball get bigger and bigger till it forms a female form and he sees the female to his shock is Brianna wearing a white dress, while surrounded by light as she is floating towards him with concern on her face. She, he saw from memory lands in front of him bare feet touching the floor which he raised his form up to kneel and wrapped his arms around her feeling her as real. He recalled burying his face onto Brianna's form as he felt her hands stroke his head in a gentle rhythm that sooths him. He remembered crying tears which puts him to sleep and felt himself gently lowered to the metal floor back in his curled in a ball position with arms over his head and he goes unconscious.

Eric blinked his eyes of the memory while he thought to himself "Brianna comforted me when I was upset and in distress in that room as a prisoner of the Rakcar."
He gently put a hand on Brianna’s coffin to stroke the cover a small rub then he thought "She is always with me in spirit for she hasn't left me truly. She is around to watch over me live my life with Niya and my son. I feel safe knowing that she'll be there for me during my times of pain."
He heard nothing in response to his thoughts left the room followed by Jiang and took the elevator to his quarters’ floor and went inside. He went into Eric Junior's room to spot Niya lying on the lower bunk bed sleeping with tears staining her cheeks.
He heard Jiang mentally "The Mistress according to guards watching her was appearing to feel overwhelmed by the knowledge of Dick pretending to be you who fooled her. She’s upset about being fooled despite not realizing that there were warning signs indicating that deception played. That along with suffering Han’s Syndrome like pains which went away after she touched the Your Majesty yourself."
Eric left the room in response and went to the couch to sit leaning back against it shutting his eyes and passed out. He dreamed of another memory of himself sitting leaning back to the wall in the stone room while hearing water sounds all around him. He continued to dream that the water sounds keep him awake by freaking him out scaring him enough to stand pacing back and forth. The dream showed that the sounds of water started to bother him which he kneeled clutching himself with his arms to rock his form back and forth then lowers his arms to fist his hands while staring at the walls. This was followed by mentally chanting the names of Brianna and Niya to himself to over and over in some panicky voice tone. He recalled the memory of Brianna visiting him and putting him to sleep on the metal floor which he passed out and woke up to feel the floor moving up. He grimaced fully dreaming of seeing the cell room's metallic ceiling breaking apart in two showing light becoming bigger and bigger. He felt confusion at the time from memory as his head nearly reaches the ceiling level only to feel a needle dart stinging him in the neck which brought sleepiness and he slid to the metallic floor unconscious. He continued to dream of coming to, to find himself in a lying position while moving with his form restrained by chains. His eyes sees round lights above the hallway that is like a rocky cave passageway and then stops as he feels a gloved hand touch his neck followed by prick of pain in it with sleepiness hits him again.

Eric woke up with a start as the memory of him going inside a cylinder tube flashes in his mind along with the creations of his twin copies.
He felt his mind scanned to hear Jiang’s voice mentally speaking "Its time for bed and that the Mistress has gone to the bedroom. You should be in there sleeping instead of on the couch which is not proper."
Eric obeyed getting up from the couch to the bedroom shutting the door. He eyed the bathroom door that was closed with a sliver of light peeking out of it from the bottom. He went to his dresser to yank off his clothes and boots while feeling himself better from them off of him as he puts them away. He picked up the gloves and put them on. He picked up the pajama pants and hesitated holding them to stare at them. He recalled being told of Dick mating with Niya and her complaints of how that mating ritual was felt running through his mind.
He felt disgust and annoyance to mentally speak to himself "No one but me can mate with Niya period."
He stared at the pajama pants put them back into the drawer to close it and got into bed naked with blankets off of him pushed to the foot of the bed with eyes staring at the ceiling gloved hands clasped onto his stomach. He heard the bathroom door open and didn't bother to acknowledge the noises Niya made with the dresser and her shutting off the lamp plunging the room into darkness with night vision blaring. 
He felt an urge to mate arrive within him unexpectedly exhaled a breath through his mouth and mentally spoke "I'll do this mating if Niya agrees to it. I refused to be like Dick and force her into a mating ritual. Ugh."
He twisted his form to look at Niya who he saw to his shock was bare of her nightgown revealing her naked form with her eyes staring unseeing at the ceiling with blankets off her. He moved his form on top of Niya who didn't resisted to him doing it as he felt charges of pleasure hitting him from her skin touching his skin. He felt the charges hitting him and found Niya seemed to agree to the mating request he's indicating by her parting her legs to surround him. He entered Niya thrusting in rhythm taking his time while feeling the deadness feeling he had since the stone room went away. He felt himself more alive as charges of pleasure hit him each time he entered her. He rolled his eyes allowing the pleasure feeling to overtake him. He spilled himself inside Niya while shaking from the charge hitting him powerfully while feeling Niya give off twin shaking movement and hearing her give off a loud moan sound. He stayed inside Niya fully up to the hilt to put his hands underneath her back while feeling her hands rubbing all over his face in soothing movements. He stared at Niya in the eyes seeing them unseeing him show affection and joy in them and sensed that she was happy from the mating and feel of him touching her. He kissed Niya on the lips who moved her lips to meet his movements as he again kept feeling the mating urge still hitting him but felt like doing something else. He pulled out and got one of Niya's hands gripping his arm she not resisting as he kissed his way from the side of her neck to one of her breasts' nipples to suck while having another hand fondling the other breast's nipple. Eric heard Niya give off a loud gasp sound of pleasure followed by her arching herself into his mouth's and hand's touch onto her. He broke off the fondling to switch sides still getting her arching in response. Eric once done with fondling Niya rolled them over to his back with her on top. He took her free hand to his sensitive part and exhaled a breath feeling her hand gripping the area without resistance. He continued to breathe through his nose while exhaling air through his mouth as Niya felt his sensitive part all over with her hands giving him pleasure from her touch. He shivered once her hands released him followed by kissing him onto the neck area and going down mirroring his movements he did towards her breasts to do onto him with his own nipples. Eric felt himself not protesting to Niya's echoing touch as he felt the urge to be inside her hit like a compulsion rolled them both over till she was on her back she not protesting to the movements. He entered Niya again thrusting his sensitive part in rhythm feeling her meeting his movements as always while feeling the familiar charges of pleasure hitting him each time he was inside her. He saw Niya roll her eyes and thrust her head up baring her neck as he thrust in and out of her while hearing her giving off moaning sounds of pleasure making him smirk from the noises.
He mentally thought to himself during the mating movements "This feels good. I miss her terribly. She appears to have missed me too. I'll do what it takes to not to leave her again an oath I aim to keep."
He spilled himself inside Niya while fully up to hilt inside her and shook from an intense charge of pleasure hitting him as he sensed her shaking in response while giving off a loud moaning sound. Eric eyed Niya who stopped the neck baring and saw her eyes shut with her breathing deeper he sensed that she had fallen asleep with a peaceful look on her face. Eric pulled out to spoon fashion Niya who didn't stir from sleeping as he pulled the blankets to cover them up to her shoulder despite it below his shoulder's height. He stared at a sleeping Niya lengthy only to feel an intense feeling of sadness recalling the reason for his son's creation actually killed Brianna hence she passing away so soon after he mated with Niya herself. He felt himself too upset got up from the bed as Niya didn’t stir with a hand grabbing the breathing device to put the blankets on her form. He bare of clothes but still wearing his gloves went to the window's wall to lean against it eyes staring at the floor feeling tears spilling from his eyes as he kneeled to rock his form back and forth from the pain of losing Brianna hitting him again. He found his tears stop which he left the bedroom to Eric Junior’s bedroom ignoring the twin Highlander guards staring at him with blank expressions on their faces from standing in front of the quarters' closed door. He went into Eric Junior’s room to spot a Zeskaya he assumed was Kossman sleeping on the lower bunk of the bunk bed by judging by his still form and hearing a soft snoring sound coming from him. He went to the crib to peer at Eric Junior that was asleep with a peaceful look on his son’s face.
He mentally thought while eyeing Eric Junior "At least out of the pain of losing Brianna has resulted in the birth of my son Eric Junior. I will have a part of his life raising him. I didn't have a part of raising my children with Brianna or a part of their lives as they grew up to adulthood while living in the city. I should realize when death ends a life a new life gets formed as a replacement a cycle that continues on repeating over and over within Terrania."
He smiled a bit and frowned as he left the room to his bedroom which he gently closed the bedroom door shut. He got himself in bed and stared at a sleeping Niya who was lying on her back having a peaceful look on her face. He twisted Niya's form to her side back to him. He spoon fashioned her to put his face on the back of her head to cry tears while having an arm around her. 
He cried as he mentally spoke "Thank you Brianna for giving me Niya and an opportunity to have a chance of raising an offspring in my life. I will cherish Niya and my son as long as I or they live for they are a gift to me from you helping me find a purpose to live. I now have a purpose to live and I know what it is you're trying to tell me. I get your message now."
He stopped crying as he felt soft hand touch onto his cheek along with sensing the hand's owner was Brianna herself which he rubbed the area with a gloved hand in response to feel her touch went away from the feeling.
Eric felt himself in peace within him to gently wrap his arms around Niya still spoon fashioning her and mentally spoke "I finally have a purpose in my life."

The End
