Also by Bernard Wilkerson

The Worlds of the Dead series
 Beaches of Brazil
 Communion
 Discovery

The Creation series
 In the Beginning

The Hrwang Incursion
Earth: Book One
Episode 1:  Defeat
Episode 2:  Flight
Episode 3:  Maneuvers
Episode 4: Insertion
Episode 5:  Envelopment
Episode 6:  Ambush
Episode 7: Feint
Episode 8: Counterattack
Episode 9: Withdrawal

OR

Get the Omnibus edition (episodes 1 thru 9)

Hrwang: Book Two
Episode 1:  Confined







The Hrwang Incursion




Book Two



Hrwang










Copyright © 2016 by Bernard Wilkerson

All rights reserved. No part of this publication may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means, electronic, mechanical, including photocopy, recording, or any information storage and retrieval system, with the exception of short quotes used in reviews, without permission from the author.

Requests for permission should be submitted to contact@bernardwilkerson.com.

For information about the author, go to
www.bernardwilkerson.com



This book is a work of fiction. The names, characters, places, and incidents are products of the writer’s imagination or have been used fictitiously and are not to be construed as real. Any resemblance to persons, living or dead, actual events, locales or organizations is entirely coincidental.

Cover photo courtesy of NASA.







Episode 2




ESCAPE




7





  Faces swam in Eva’s vision and she saw more light than she’d ever remembered seeing before.
  She shut her eyes.
  At least nothing hurt.
  She opened her eyes again and saw that one of the faces staring down at her wore white.
  Eva decided she was dead.
  But she didn’t remember going through a tunnel.  Wasn’t there supposed to be a tunnel?
  The images in front of her confused her and she closed her eyes again.
  “It’s going to start hurting very badly, very quickly, so we have to talk fast,” a familiar voice urged.  It sounded like Visitor.
  With his words, the pain began.  Perhaps it was just in her mind, perhaps it was just due to his suggestion, but Eva felt sharp pains growing in her chest and stomach.  Her head began aching.  Intense nausea swept over her and she squeezed her mouth shut to keep from vomiting.
  She wanted to cry out.
  “I have to say I’m impressed,” Visitor continued, apparently oblivious to her distress.  “You killed the guard in your cell.  It took three more to subdue you.  You injured one so severely, he’s in a coma.  You broke a second’s arm.  But the third guard was too much.  He beat you with a nightstick.  Quite badly, I’m afraid.  He didn’t stop after you were unconscious.”
  Visitor said the last almost apologetically.
  Eva tried to look at him, but her vision blurred.
  “Where am I?” she wanted to ask, but the words came out thickly.  Her tongue filled her entire mouth.
  “You never could have escaped, please understand.  But luckily for you, you were injured severely enough to be brought to the hospital wing.  It was probably the only way you were ever going to leave your cell.  Quite ingenious.”
  “Uhh,” was all Eva could manage.  The pain grew worse.
  “It’s clear to me now, to us, that you aren’t who we thought you were.  The person who I thought you were wouldn’t have been capable of doing what you did to those men.  The person who I thought you were would never even have conceived of attempting such a thing.”
  He paused.  Eva sensed his face move close to hers.
  “Who are you?” he whispered harshly.
  Never confess.  Never give in.  Never give up.
  This was simply a ruse to get her to admit what she’d done.  The pain probably wasn’t from being beaten by a guard.  She was probably hallucinating, under the influence of some drug slipped into her food.  She was probably back in her cell.
  But it hurt too much to be merely a hallucination.  She couldn’t breathe.  Every time she inhaled, knives stabbed her in the chest.  Her right arm was about to fall off.
  And her right eye felt like someone had removed it and replaced it with hot lead.
  “The doctor I paid to back off on your medication says you’ve probably suffered brain damage.  He won’t know for sure until he scans you; you know how doctors are.  They never commit to anything.  But if you do have brain damage, you probably don’t understand a word I’m saying, do you?  I should just have you returned to your cell.”
  Panic gripped Eva and forced the pain back momentarily.  Her tongue felt a little smaller.
  “I understand,” she croaked in Est.  She couldn’t go back.  She couldn’t suffer any longer.  She had to tell him whatever it took to make him rescue her.
  Or kill her.
  “Then understand this.”  His voice was close to her ear, his words hard as iron.  “I want to know exactly who you are and what you are and if you are not completely open and honest with me, you’ll be returned to your cell and allowed to die without the benefit of anesthetic.  I’m told that what you’re feeling now will be like snuggling with a puppy compared to how it will feel in a few moments.”
  Eva had lost.
  She was going to die on Hrwang and there was nothing she could do about it.  She gasped as knives continued to tear her insides apart and there was nothing she could do about it.  More hot lead poured into her eye and there was nothing she could do about it.
  There was nothing she could do about anything.
  She didn’t want to give up, but what was the point?  What did she have to gain by keeping her mouth shut?  Maybe if she simply confessed, Visitor would have her executed quickly and her suffering would end.
  Maybe Visitor would even throw who she was and what she had done into the Lord Admiral’s face.
  She desperately wanted to hurt the Lord Admiral now.  To make him pay for his crimes.  To make him pay for her suffering.  If a moral victory was all she could achieve, then that’s what she would try.  It wasn’t much, but it was something.  All she had.  It was a mouse flipping a bird at an onrushing hawk.  Eva would commit her last act of defiance.  She’d humiliate the Lord Admiral.  She’d confess who she was with her dying breath.
  And she could finally tell the truth.
  It made her feel better despite the hot lead pouring into her right eye.
  “I’m a...” and she didn’t know the word in Est.  “I’m a spy,” she said in English and the pain overcame her and she couldn’t speak again.  She couldn’t fight it.  Darkness flooded her mental vision and perhaps, finally, this was the tunnel.  The pain receded and she felt warm.  As the darkness closed around her, she heard Visitor’s voice again.
  “I knew it,” he exulted.  “I knew it.  I told you so.  I knew she was more than just his girlfriend.  And what she did proves it, doesn’t it?”
  She heard more words without comprehending them as she gave in and entered the dark tunnel in front of her.


8





  Heaven was a beautiful place.  A soft bed.  A white, feather comforter.  Warm air moving lazily around an open window.  A distant, rhythmic sound.
  No pain.
  Eva stirred in the bed and soft cotton caressed bare skin.  She felt warm and dry and clean.
  There really was an Afterlife.
  She looked up at the ceiling.  Lightly colored, oaken rafters crisscrossed in the distance.  Two unmoving fans hung from them.
  They looked wrong.
  They looked flat.
  Eva felt momentarily that she merely stared at a photograph of a cabin ceiling, but it looked too real for that.  It simply looked flat.
  Did everything in heaven look flat?
  She also needed to go to the bathroom.  Badly.  Did people have to go to the bathroom in heaven?
  She reluctantly got up out of bed and her body felt whole, but weak.  A long, white cotton nightdress flowed down around her legs as she stood.  She rubbed her hand along its smoothness.
  The air smelled a little salty and she thought she recognized the scent, but couldn’t place it.  The distant sound rose, then ebbed.
  She looked around for a bathroom.
  A door with a handle about chest high stood slightly ajar, and Eva moved to it.  She was barefoot, and the hardwood floor under her feet felt good.  The floor, the ceiling rafters, the furniture, all of it was made from the same light-colored oak.  A couple of nondescript wall hangings afforded the only contrasting color.
  She found a bathroom behind the open door and entered it.  The toilet looked like a normal toilet.  A roll of paper hung from the wall across from it.  Maybe she was back on Earth.  The only Hrwang toilet she’d used before had been the one on the spacecraft, but it was designed for use in zero gravity.  It wasn’t normal.  The toilet in her cell had been a hole in the ground.  She had no idea how a ‘normal’ Hrwang toilet looked.
  A quick inspection revealed that she wore no underwear, so she hitched her nightdress up around her waist and sat.  The toilet paper looked flat against the wall.  Eva reached out and touched the roll and it hung away from the wall as expected, but it still looked like a part of the wall.  Her hand blended with the wall as she felt the paper.  Her senses conflicted.  Her eyes told her one thing; her touch another.
  Heaven was strange.
  Finishing quickly, she washed her hands and looked in a small mirror over the sink.
  She cried out in shock.
  She closed her eyes and reached up and touched the mirror to confirm that it was, indeed, a  mirror.
  It felt like one.
  She opened her eyes again slowly, prepared this time for what she might see, and the image hadn’t changed.
  Eva was bald.
  Not only was she bald, she had a deep, rectangular scar on her head and face.  It started just below her right eye, extended past her cheekbone, went up her temple almost all the way to the crown of her head, came back across the top of her skull, and then back down along the side of her nose to her eye.
  She traced her finger along the scar, and although nothing hurt, it was deep and must have taken a while to heal.
  As her finger felt her scar, she also felt tiny hairs growing on her head.  It hurt a little to touch them.
  She breathed deeply, suddenly remembering the stabbing pains she’d felt lying on a hospital bed in the infirmary.  But this time, there was no pain.  She could inhale and exhale completely.
  In the infirmary, she’d been with Visitor.
  She remembered that she’d confessed to him that she was a spy.
  She felt guilt.  She no longer believed she had died and gone to heaven.  She believed that she was either on Earth or on Hrwang and that someone, Visitor perhaps, for some reason, had saved her.  She couldn’t possibly guess why, so she decided not to try.
  She was hungry suddenly, but her reflection in the mirror bothered her.  It distracted her from worrying about finding something to eat.  As she looked in the mirror, her right eye, the one surrounded by the nasty scar, looked out of place.  It looked like it didn’t belong.  She closed her eyes and reopened them, but her right eye still looked the same.
  She put her face next to the mirror, trying to see closely inside her right eye to see what was wrong with it, but her perspective didn’t make sense.  It was as if the closer she moved her eye to the mirror, the worse she could see it.  She pulled back away.
  Eva closed just her left eye and everything went dark.  She tried it again a few times, even holding the eyelids on her right eye open, and still everything went dark when she closed her left eye.
  She was either blind in her right eye or it was artificial.  She’d never seen an artificial eye before, so she couldn’t judge.  She touched it with her finger.
  It felt hard.
  It was definitely artificial.  She’d lost her right eye in the fight with the guards.  She remembered that desperate fight now.
  Images of choking a guard with his own belt came unbidden.  She’d squeezed the life out of the man, even using her knee for more leverage.  She could feel her knee in his fleshy back as he struggled in vain to free himself from the leather noose.  
  She knew she wasn’t in heaven now.
  She touched her right eye again and all the feeling was in her finger.  The eye felt nothing.  That confirmed she wasn’t in heaven.  She’d learned as a child that a person’s body was supposed to be restored to its perfect form after death.  She didn’t think God gave out artificial eyes.
  Her new awareness made her feel unsafe.  She’d been beaten badly, almost to the point of death, but had been saved.  Someone had operated on her and had placed an artificial eye in her head and had saved her life.
  But why?

  She explored the cabin cautiously.  It consisted of nothing more than the bathroom and the bedroom where she’d woken up.  A wooden privacy fence blocked any view from the windows.
  The front door was unlocked.
  Eva opened it a crack and peeked out.
  A path decorated with inlaid, colored stones led from the front door of the cabin to the side door of a large house.  Short, turf-like grass grew on either side, and the privacy fence extended on either side between both structures.  It was lined by pots filled with thick stemmed, leafless plants, similar to plants she’d often seen in California.
  The fence on the right side had a hinged section, like a gate, but it was padlocked.  The fence was only about eight feet high, and Eva considered climbing it until she smelled something from the large house.
  She was hungry.
  Going into the house felt stupid, but her stomach growled.  She opened the door wider, looked around, and the horror of the dungeon cell returned.  She retreated into her cabin and closed the door.
  Breathe, Eva.
  Visitor had saved her.  He’d said he’d put her in her cell, had had her whipped, but he had rescued her.  She was safe, at least for the moment.
  Besides, if there was a kitchen, it would have a knife.
  Eva opened the cabin door again, looked out of it in both directions at the tiny court, and stepped carefully onto the path.
  She walked slowly, listening, watching, and ignoring the tenderness of her bare feet on the stone path.  She reached the door to the large house and looked through the inset window.
  Curtains blocked her view.
  She looked behind her and around her, but nothing was threatening.  The distant, rhythmic throbbing grew louder and a blast of salt smell struck her.  A gull flew overhead.
  Blocking out her surroundings, she put her ear to the door and listened.
  Nothing.
  Except for the pounding of blood in her head.  Her breathing became shallow and her hand shook as she put it on the door handle.
  Breathe, Eva.
  She pushed the handle down slowly, then swung the door open sharply.
  No one waited behind it.
  The door opened to a main room decorated with pinks and tans.  Throw rugs on a stone tiled floor, leather couches and wicker chairs, sea shells glued to lampshades, and light, airy curtains filled the room.  The whole place gave off the aura of a beachside vacation home.
  She entered, following the scent of baking bread.
  She quickly found a kitchen large enough to service a small restaurant.  She glanced in, staying behind the side of an oversized refrigerator.  She saw no one.
  The sight of fresh apples on one counter made her mouth water and she ignored further safety concerns.  She attacked the apples, grabbing two and moving back to the cover of the fridge.  She ate the first and her hunger abated enough to let her think.
  She tried to piece together the fragments she remembered, but mostly she remembered pain.    She’d confessed to being a spy to Visitor in the hospital.  He must have decided to save her for that reason, but she couldn’t fathom why.
  Finishing the second apple, the smell of the baking bread driving her crazy, she wanted meat to go with it.  To eat a real sandwich.
  She rooted through the fridge looking for meat, sniffing everything until she found something that looked like turkey and didn’t smell like spicy manure.  She debated pulling the hot bread from whatever oven it baked in, but the bread would take time to cool.  The meat looked too good to wait that long.
  She ate it quickly.
  She found a cup and poured cold water from the refrigerator into it and washed down her food.  She couldn’t keep from looking around the whole time she ate, constantly expecting someone to come in on her, but the house remained empty except for her.
  A small, round container held something that looked like hummus and didn’t smell.  She dipped her finger in it and tasted it, immediately spitting the substance back into her hand.  Too much garlic and too much of the stuff that tasted like horse manure.  She put the container back and washed her hand in the sink.
  She wasn’t on Earth.  No human being would eat things doused in Hrwang spices.  She didn’t know how the aliens could eat them either.  It all tasted disgusting.
  She found some bread in a cupboard.  It didn’t smell bad.  She retrieved more of the plain meat, heaped it on the bread, and began exploring her surroundings while she ate her sandwich.
  She stopped when she found the porch that led to the beach.

  Lying naked on her nightdress, which she had spread out on the sand, Eva heard someone walking toward her.  She didn’t care.  Part of her reminded herself that she should have grabbed a knife out of the kitchen.  The other part told her it didn’t matter.  She really didn’t care.
  She didn’t even look up.  She simply continued to lie on her stomach in the soft sun, her eyes closed, enjoying the warmth on her skin and the sound of the ocean waves in the background.
  “Only criminals walk around naked,” Visitor said reprovingly when he reached her.
  “Then it’s good that I’m a criminal.”  The words in Est came easily to Eva.  She couldn’t say everything, but as soon as she heard something, like the word criminal, she knew what it meant and how to use it properly in a sentence.  The Hrwang sleep conditioning was powerful.
  “I’ve brought you a swimsuit.  And some sunscreen.”  He paused nervously.  “You should moderate your first time back in the sun.  You’ve been out of it...a long time.”
  Eva turned her head to face him.  He was a handsome, young man, younger than she was, but with worry lines already etched into his face.  His hair was sandy brown, his skin tanned, and his eyes smoky dark.  Eva half smiled, then looked at the swimsuit he held up.  It had long legs and long arms like those in pictures she’d seen from the 1800s.  The bodice was dark blue and the arms and legs a soft, almost see-through, lighter shade of the same color.
  She wanted to ask him if he was joking, but she didn’t know the word in Est.  She settled for shaking her head.
  “This is very fashionable.  It’s my sister’s and she wears nothing but the latest, and most expensive, styles.”
  Eva laughed derisively and turned away from him, putting her head back down on her arms.  She was never going to wear a swimsuit that looked like that.
  “You’re naked!” he protested.
  “You took my clothes,” Eva replied harshly.
  He was quiet for a moment.
  “At least allow me to put sunscreen on you,” he finally said.  “You’ll burn badly.  Particularly your...”
  “You touch me and I’ll kill you,” Eva said calmly.
  “I...”  He sighed.  “I believe you.  But it’s a spray.  I won’t touch anything.  And you’ve been in the sun long enough.  This will keep you from burning more.”
  “Okay,” Eva agreed.  He was probably right.  She didn’t need a bad sunburn.
  She shivered when he began spraying her.
  The spray felt so cool on her skin that it probably meant she’d burned a little already.  She didn’t mind that.  She’d tan quickly.  But tanning wasn’t her primary concern.  She just wanted to lie in the sun.  When she lay in the sun, nothing in the past had happened; only the present existed.
  When he finished spraying her, he stammered a little.  Eva saved him the embarrassment.
  “Just leave the sunscreen and a towel.  I’m about to roll over,” she said.  “Unless you want to watch.”
  “I, uh, I...”
  “Just leave,” she said, still not looking at him and not wanting to toy with him any longer.
  “I have bodyguards.  They watch this beach.  I’m sure they’re watching you.”
  “Then they’re getting quite the show, aren’t they?  Just like your men in the prison.”
  “I don’t understand,” he said.
  “Your men in the prison seemed to enjoy watching me.  Even more.”  She didn’t know if she could talk about being raped.  Just thinking about it turned her stomach.  She wanted to get up and run away.
  “The guard you killed?” he guessed.
  “Yes.”
  “Is that how you lured him into your cell?”
  “He came of his own free will,” she said, leaning up a little on her elbows and turning to face him.  “I didn’t lure him in.  He got what he deserved.”
  Visitor looked away from her and at the ground.
  “I’d feared you had been raped.  You were...”  He struggled for the words, looking out over the ocean.  “You were...well, technically not.  A week doesn’t actually count, according to the doctors, but you would have been...”
  “I’m pregnant?” Eva cried, sitting up a little more, forgetting that she was still naked.
  Visitor pointedly continued looking away as he shook his head.
  “I’m sorry.  Not anymore.”
  Emotions overwhelmed Eva.  Revulsion that the pig who had raped her had made her pregnant.  Disgust at the way he’d made her feel, at the way he’d stripped her of her humanity and self-worth.  Abhorrence at how she’d cooperated with him, even though she knew she’d done it to save her life.  Anger that she’d been forced to kill him, to take another human life.  And yet wonder that cells within her had changed and become something that could have developed into a baby.  She couldn’t remember the strange name given to a fertilized egg, but one of them had been inside of her, and even though the source of it repulsed her, it had been in her and it could have become a life.
  At that thought, she felt loss.  Loss that her unborn child, her tiny, fertilized egg, had died because of the beating she’d taken.  One more life lost because of her quixotic mission.  She hadn’t known the child, hadn’t even known she was pregnant, but the loss still hurt.
  She’d never thought much about having children, other than not wanting to get pregnant by an alien.  She’d been careful about taking birth control while she was with the Lord Admiral, but had not had anything available to her in prison.  Before that, while training, she’d also been careful to not become pregnant.  Having children would have deep sixed any opportunity at becoming a field agent.  Children just hadn’t been in her plans.
  “It’s worse,” Visitor continued.  “The doctors say your injuries were so severe that you’ll never, um, you were hurt so much that they couldn’t, uh, they just...”  He huffed.  “I apologize.”
  “I’ll never be able to have children?”
  “I apologize.”
  “Go away.”
  Eva buried her head back into her arms, but didn’t begin crying until she heard him leave.

  The sun dipped low in the sky, a cool breeze picked up and chilled Eva’s sunburned skin, but it was hunger that drove her to return to the house with the refrigerator.  She reluctantly pulled her nightdress back on, leaving the old-fashioned swimsuit lying on the sand, and headed inside.
  A short woman bustled around the kitchen as she entered.  The woman finished putting together a platter.
  It held some of the plain meat, a thick slice of fresh bread, some of the stuff that looked like hummus, and a sliced apple.  They knew exactly what she’d eaten or at least had tried to eat.
  The tall glass of water on the platter appealed to Eva the most.
  The short woman didn’t speak, but pointed to a table where Eva could sit.  Eva pointed to the table outside on the deck and shook her head.  The short woman nodded and gestured to the sliding door.  Eva opened it and the woman set her up at the outside table.
  Eva drank the water and asked for more.
  She ate hungrily, stopping only to thank the short woman when she brought out a refill.
  A different woman, much younger than the maid, joined Eva after she finished her meal.
  “You don’t like the schmolj?” the new woman asked.
  The hummus-like food still sat on Eva’s plate.  She’d finished the water and eaten everything else.
  Eva shrugged in reply.
  The woman looked at her critically and Eva tried to ignore her.  But she noticed the woman’s lipstick was too dark, the embroidery on the long sleeved white shirt she wore looked ridiculous, almost childish, and the white skirt she wore wasn’t actually a skirt, but wide leg pants, the kind that Eva hated.  The woman also wore dark eyeshadow on her lower lids.
  “I brought you clothes,” the woman finally offered.
  “Who are you?” Eva asked, staring out over the beach at the ocean beyond.  The woman sat back and crossed her legs.
  “I am the Lor...”  She caught herself.  Eva pretended not to notice.  “You designate him Visitor, correct?”
  Eva nodded.  She only knew one person besides the Lord Admiral on this planet, so the woman had to mean Visitor.  She guessed from the woman’s slip that Visitor was a Lord of some sort.
  “I am Visitor’s First Sister.”
  Eva looked at the woman openly now.  She would be pretty if she backed off on the makeup and wore some decent clothes.  The symbol of an oval with jagged edges embroidered into the artwork on the woman’s shirt caught Eva’s attention.  It appeared so incongruous with the rest of the embroidery.
  “And does he have a First Under Sister or a Second Over Sister?” Eva asked.
  “You must understand a thing before you can criticize it properly.  How we designate ourselves is an integral part of our culture and you must learn to understand it if you are to survive.”
  So she knew Eva was an alien.
  Eva felt guilty for being childish and insulting the woman’s title, but she refused to apologize.  She continued staring out over the dark ocean, lit only now by a slender crescent of a moon.
  Visitor’s First Sister stood and made to leave.
  “I can help you put together an outfit, unless you are above my help.”
  She turned away but Eva reached out and put her hand on the woman’s arm.  She remembered the woman with the baby outside of Griffith Observatory.  Eva had needed something from that woman’s group, but she had also wanted to help, and the woman’s lack of trust had driven Eva to jamming her gun into the woman’s face to emphasize that it didn’t matter whether or not she trusted Eva.  If Eva wasn’t to be trusted, there was nothing the woman could have done about it.
  Likewise, now that Eva was on Hrwang, she was just as helpless as the woman with the baby had been.  She didn’t know why Visitor had rescued her from the prison or why he had made sure she’d received medical treatment, but he had, and now she depended on his charity.  She needed to trust him.
  At least for now.
  And that meant his sister also.
  “I apologize,” she said quietly and removed her hand.  In the corner of her vision, her one-eyed flat vision, Eva noticed Visitor’s First Sister smile a little.  But her face turned quickly formal again.
  “That’s a start.  Follow me.”
  Eva stood slowly and followed the alien woman back into the house.  She led Eva into a bedroom.  Clothes were laid out on a king sized bed with a black bedspread.  Oversized, black pillows sat on the bed, leaning against the wall.  There was no headboard.
  The woman frowned.
  “My brother has no taste,” she commented.
  Look who’s talking, Eva thought.
  The woman picked up underwear off the bed.  She showed it to Eva.
  “You do wear this on your world, don’t you?  I brought several sizes for you.  My brother was hopeless in estimating what size would fit you.”
  Everything looked matronly, like something her grandmother would wear.  Eva pointed and the Hrwang woman handed her the selection.
  Eva started to dress under her nightdress, but had to pull it off to get the bra on.  Visitor’s First Sister gasped a little.
  “You’re sunburned,” she said.  “I have something for that.”  She fled the room, Eva not knowing whether it was to retrieve something for sunburn or simply so she didn’t have to look at Eva’s nakedness.  Eva realized she knew so little about Hrwang culture.
  Eva quickly put the bra on and pulled her nightdress back over her head.
  “Here you go,” the Hrwang woman said, returning with a clear, glass jar with green ointment in it.  “It helps with the burn.”
  “It looks like aloe,” Eva replied, using the English term.  “Thank you.”
  “I can put some on your back if you want me to,” the woman suggested tentatively.
  “I’ll be okay,” Eva replied.
  “That’s good,” the woman said, relieved.  She turned away from Eva.  “Here is one of my favorite outfits.”
  She held up an orange, long sleeved blouse and a pair of black, wide leg pants, the same style as the white ones she wore.
  “I don’t know,” Eva said.
  “It goes great with those shoes.”  She pointed to a pair of basket weave clogs.
  “I can’t wear that.”
  “Just try it.  You’ll be surprised how good it looks on you.”
  Eva didn’t feel up to explaining Halloween.  But not even on an alien planet would she be caught wearing orange and black like that.  She didn’t like any of the other clothes sitting on the bed either.
  “Why are you called First Sister?” she asked, partly to change the subject away from the awful clothing selection.
  The woman seemed taken aback, and she set the clothes back down on the bed, sitting down next to them.
  “I’m my brother’s oldest sister.”
  “Why not First Daughter?”
  She sighed.  “When my father died, my brother became the head of our family.  Before that, I was First Daughter.”
  “So, if you were the daughter of First Over General Third Assault, you would be First Over General Third Assault’s First Daughter?”
  “I would go by General’s First Daughter unless I was with other military children, then it would be Over General’s First Daughter.  Wait.  Do you know a general from Third Assault?”
  Eva shook her head.  “I only saw the Over General in a staff meeting.”  But I saw his handiwork, she didn’t add, recalling the burned out tanks on the Pacific Coast Highway.  She suddenly longed to be back in California, even with its tsunami-ravaged coastline.  Anywhere but where she was right now.  “Why?”
  “Nothing,” Visitor’s First Sister replied wistfully.
  “I take it you know a general in that unit?” Eva guessed.
  Visitor’s First Sister shook her head.
  “It’s nothing.  Now.  We need to pick some clothes out for you.”
  “When your father died, what if you’d had no brothers?”
  “Then I would have had to marry quickly.  Unwed, unbrothered daughters have until their father’s estate is legally settled to find a new designation.”
  Unbrothered?  Oh dear, Eva thought.
  “What if they don’t?” she asked.
  First Sister groaned.
  “It is not pleasant.  If a woman is pretty or has money, it’s easy.  But if not...”
  She grimaced.
  “And children?” Eva asked.  “Daughters too young to marry?”
  “A relative adopts them.”
  Eva wanted to complain about how unfair this seemed, but she remembered the woman’s admonition from earlier.  It’s better to understand something first.
  So she held her tongue.
  “Not all of our cultures follow the exact same set of rules, and some are less strict than others,” Visitor’s First Sister admitted.  “But most are similar.”
  “So it’s better to be a man?” Eva asked.  
  The alien woman bristled.
  “I think not.  There’s still a lot you need to understand.”
  “No.  I apologize,” Eva said.  “I meant, it would be better for me to be a man.”
  Visitor’s First Sister snorted.  “That type of surgery went out of fashion centuries ago, and I think it’s illegal in Est anyway.  Why would you want to be a man?”
  “No, that isn’t what I mean.”
  I don’t know what I mean, Eva thought.  I don’t know what I’m doing here.  It’s all a waste of time.  I’ve wasted my life.  I should have disobeyed the Director and stayed on Earth.  At least there, I could fight the aliens.
  And I could still have children.
  Eva tried to push her hopeless thoughts away.  She didn’t know what she was doing or what was going to happen, but self-pity never solved anything.
  However, she wasn’t going to wear those pants with the orange shirt.
  “What do you mean?” First Sister asked defensively.  Eva realized she had raised her voice in response to the Hrwang woman.
  She softened her voice.
  “I apologize.  Could you bring me some different clothes?”
  “You will look beautiful in this outfit.”
  “I’m bald,” Eva protested.  I have a huge scar.  I’ll never look beautiful again.
  Visitor’s First Sister stared at Eva, and Eva finally noticed a hint of jealousy in her eyes.
  Eva looked down at the ground.
  “I just need some different clothes,” she pleaded.
  “I will see.  I will come back later.  For now, you put these clothes on.  You should eat more.  You look too thin.  The schmolj is really good.  You should try it on crackers.”
  Eva smiled in agreement but knew she would never go near the stuff again.  It reminded her too much of her prison food.
  She looked in a mirror.  She did look too thin.  She hadn’t noticed it before, focusing on her bald head and the huge scar that decorated it.  No wonder she’d been so hungry all the time.
  “Oh, and...” Visitor’s First Sister paused before she left.  “If you go back on the beach, you really must wear a swimsuit.”  She held up the swimsuit Visitor had brought to her.
  When in Rome...
  Eva sighed and nodded.
  Visitor’s First Sister smiled weakly and nodded in reply.  She stood to leave, then paused, visibly torn.  Eva waited, unsure if she should say something.
  First Sister inhaled sharply, then asked, “Did your people really kill God?”
  “I don’t think God can be killed,” Eva replied.
  “The Messiah.  He taught our people that he came unto his own and his own rejected him.  He showed our ancestors the wounds on his hands and feet where you nailed him to a tree.  He showed them the wound in his side where he was stabbed with a spear.”
  “I don’t know what to say,” Eva answered.  “It was thousands of years ago.”
  Visitor’s First Sister shook her head, then shrugged.  She said goodbye, adding that she would return in two or three days, and left.
  Eva stared after her for a moment, pondering her question.  It bothered her.  She decided to worry about it later.
  She turned and looked at the clothes lying on the bed.  None of them appealed to her.  She had enjoyed the feeling of the loose, soft nightdress on her bare skin, and she thought about wearing just that.  It was dark out.  She wouldn’t be going anywhere but back to bed eventually, so she removed the alien underwear, put her nightdress back on, scooped up all of the clothes into a pile, and set them on a chair.  At least Visitor could sleep in his bed tonight.
  Her world had killed God.
  Well, not God himself, but his son when he was mortal.
  The thought wouldn’t go away as she moved the clothes.  What did it really mean?  Did all Hrwang think of her and her people that way?
  It wasn’t her fault.  It had happened over two thousand years before she was born.  She wasn’t going to accept responsibility for the actions of others.
  She dismissed her thoughts again and focused on what she needed right now, which was something more to eat.
  She returned to the kitchen where the short woman was working.  The woman tut-tutted when Eva started hunting through cabinets, but Eva ignored her.  She looked for something, anything, that might appeal to her.
  A plastic jar of brown cream looked promising, and Eva twisted the lid off.  Some things were so similar between Hrwang and Earth, it almost made Eva feel comfortable.  It looked just like a chocolate spread she remembered.  It smelled differently than most Hrwang dishes, and Eva put her finger in tentatively, a drop of the cream coming off on her fingertip.  She heard a discouraging grunt from behind her.
  She licked her finger.
  Hazelnut spread.  Lots of sugar.  A chocolaty flavor.  No Hrwang spices.  She almost fainted in relief.
  She turned to the short woman, who pantomimed spreading something on bread.  Eva nodded, pointing to the sliced loaf of freshly baked, plain bread.  The short woman shook her head and found a different loaf, pulling it out of a paper wrapper and exaggerated smelling it.  She smiled.  Eva took the bread, smelled it, and made a frown.  She handed the bread back.  It smelled like Hrwang.  Spicy manure was the best description Eva could give to the scent.
  The short woman shrugged her shoulders as if to say, “Suit yourself,” and handed Eva the plain bread and a spoon.  Eva took her newfound treat out to the deck.
  She ate with gusto, enjoying the cool, night sea breeze while she did.  She forced herself to stop after three slices lathered with the spread.
  The maid, the short woman had to be a maid of some sort, brought out a tall glass of cold water and Eva thanked her profusely.
  After emptying the glass, Eva closed her eyes and enjoyed the peace.

  “You’ll be much more comfortable in a bed,” a soft voice said near Eva’s ear.  She jumped, startled, and was surprised that she had gone to sleep.  Visitor squatted on the deck next to her.
  Eva nodded sleepily.  She wanted to go to bed.  She was exhausted.  Nothing mattered at that moment.  Not her scar.  Not her artificial eye.  Not that she’d never have children.  Not that she was trapped on an alien world with no hope of returning home, never mind the ridiculous thought of trying to save her own world.  Not even the ridiculous selection of clothes she didn’t want to wear sitting in Visitor’s bedroom mattered.  
  Nothing but going to bed mattered.
  She pointed to the mess she’d left and Visitor told her not to worry.  “First Over Kitchen Servant will clean it up in the morning.”
  Eva nodded but internally pictured shaking her head.  Even the maids had ridiculous sounding titles on this planet.
  She let herself be led along the edge of the beach back to the separate dwelling where she’d woken up.  The hinged section of fence she’d seen earlier now stood open, like a gate.  They didn’t have to go back through the house.
  She crawled into bed, exhausted beyond belief, but worried for a moment that she should brush her teeth.  The chocolaty cream would coat them and the sugar would eat the enamel all night.  But even that image wasn’t sufficient motivation, and she settled for licking her teeth with her tongue for a second before succumbing to weariness.  She never heard her companion leave.


9





  As Eva sliced plain bread and meat in the dark hours of the morning, she tried to dispel the image she’d seen in the mirror when she woke up.
  She was still bald.
  The scar looked worse.  It hadn’t changed, but it looked worse.  Depressed, her mouth tasting terrible, she had sneaked into the kitchen in the main house and found the only food she could stomach that wasn’t sweet.
  The knife she used to cut meat for a sandwich was sharper than the pathetic little steak knife she’d kept hidden under her mattress at Hearst Castle.  That had been a joke.  There would have been nothing she could have achieved with that knife that wouldn’t have led to instant death.  It wasn’t a weapon.
  The kitchen knife she held now was better.  The long smooth blade had been honed to a crisp sharpness.  The wooden handle firm, the knife balanced, the steel heavy.  She liked this knife.
  She could use this knife.
  She dragged the blade through the meat and it sliced cleanly, evenly.
  “I apologize that I disturbed you,” she said without turning around when she heard footsteps shuffling from Visitor’s room.
  “It’s okay,” he said, then he rushed to her.  “You’ve cut yourself!”
  Eva looked down.  A long, thin line of red extended from the base of her palm almost all the way to her elbow.  The hand that held the knife didn’t look like hers.  She couldn’t understand what had happened.
  She dropped the knife.
  “I apologize,” she cried.  “It must have slipped.”
  Visitor snatched a towel from the counter and put it on Eva’s arm.
  “Hold this.”
  She did while he wet another towel in warm water.  The cut didn’t hurt until he put the wet towel on it, then it stung a little.
  “You will need to have it glued,” he said.
  “No, it’s okay.  It’s not deep.”
  “It’ll leave a scar if it’s not glued.”
  Others arrived soon, they fussed over her, and a doctor glued her skin, saying she wouldn’t need a bandage if she kept it clean.  Visitor repeated several times that it had been an accident.  She listened to their conversation carefully, but none of them called Visitor by his designation.  The doctor called him ‘sir’ once or twice.  Eva was disappointed that they hadn’t revealed his true designation.
  She began telling herself that she’d cut herself on purpose just to get others to come over so she could learn who Visitor, her benefactor, really was.
  Eva spent most of the rest of the day sleeping.  Hrwang medicine was powerful, and whatever the doctor had given her knocked her out.  She got up a couple of times when she was hungry.  Her every foray into the kitchen was closely supervised by the short maid.  All of her food was prepared for her, she wasn’t allowed anywhere near a knife, and she ate nothing but plain meat and plain bread, apples, and some of the chocolaty spread.
  The fuss wasn’t necessary, Eva told herself.  She hadn’t cut herself on purpose.  The knife had been an accident.  But the medicine left her mind foggy and it was easier to allow someone else to serve her.
  The maid offered her a colored juice once, but it smelled spicy and Eva passed on it.  She stuck to cold water.
  In between visits to the kitchen, she slept all afternoon and evening, and as soon as night fell, she awoke and felt alert.

  Eva turned on every light in her bedroom and paced to avoid thinking about everything that had happened to her.  Her arm still stung a little.  She eventually found her way to the window and stared out at the darkness, listening to the ocean sounds and desiring to lay on the beach.  But not in the dark.  She’d have to wait until morning.
  She became aware of another presence.
  An elderly soldier stood outside her window.
  “Good evening, Lady,” he said courteously when she looked in his direction.  She pulled away from the window and went back to her bed.  Was she a prisoner again?  She couldn’t tolerate being a prisoner.  She couldn’t go through what she’d gone through before.  She couldn’t sit in the dark, waiting, wondering if it would be Visitor who come to her or if it would be the other guard.  The heavy set one who looked like a football player and came into her cell.
  What if he waited for her now?
  She needed a knife.
  She opened the door and no one stopped her, so she made her way to the main house and went to the kitchen.
  Another servant worked there.  Not the short woman from earlier, but her kinswoman.  The two looked similar.
  “I’m hungry,” Eva said to provide a reason for her coming to the kitchen at such an odd hour.
  The servant shrugged, not understanding Est, so Eva mimed eating.  The servant nodded and pointed Eva toward the dining table.  When Eva didn’t move, the servant put her hand on Eva’s arm and tugged her gently.  She nodded and smiled, pulling Eva to the table.  Eva gave in and went with her.
  She wasn’t really hungry, but when the food was placed before her, she ate all of it.
  After finishing, Eva decided she’d been hungry after all.  She debated what to do next.  Part of her wanted to go out onto the deck and listen to the ocean, but the dark oppressed and frightened her.  She wished it were light already.
  Another part of her wanted to smuggle a knife out of the kitchen, kill the guard outside her bedroom, and escape into the night.  But then she’d have to go outside in the dark.
  She shook her head in frustration.
  She should just focus on getting a knife.
  She stared at the crumbs on her empty plate and thought about knives.  Kitchen knives were good, but combat knives were better.
  She’d been trained to use a standard military knife, the Marine Ka-Bar fighting knife, but the Agency had also trained her to use other, more wicked, blades.  Curved weapons designed for close quarters combat, blades serrated on one side designed for inflicting maximum damage, small throwing knives, although she’d never been good with them, and tiny folding knives that could be hidden almost anywhere.
  She wanted one of those.
  “Are you okay?” a friendly voice asked.  Visitor’s hand rested gently on her shoulder, which she now realized had been shaking.  She’d been crying.
  She looked up at him and the pain in his eyes at seeing her overcame her.  His arms went around her and she went into them, sobbing uncontrollably.

  She awoke lying awkwardly in Visitor’s arms on one of the couches in the main room.  She moved away from him immediately, he was the enemy, but as soon as she did, she missed his comfort.
  Get a grip Gilliam, she warned herself.  You’re losing it.
  Visitor woke up also and immediately reached out to her, but she shook her head.
  “I’m okay.”
  I have to be okay, she thought.  I have a mission.  Turning into a puddle of goo again wasn’t going to do her any good.  What was wrong with her, anyway?
  Her thoughts accused her and blamed her and as soon as Visitor’s arms went back around her, she started crying again.
  “In the morning, when it’s light, we’ll go somewhere,” he whispered to her when she finally calmed a little.  “I think you’ll enjoy it.  It’ll be a good distraction.  For both of us.  You’ll have to wear my sister’s swimsuit, though.”
  Okay, she nodded but didn’t say anything.  She’d burst into tears again if she had to talk.
  “Your nightdress is starting to smell a little, though.  You should change it.”
  She jumped off the couch, embarrassed.  She did smell.  She’d been wearing the same thing for two days now.  She hadn’t showered since she’d woken up in Visitor’s guest cabin.
  “I apologize,” he quickly said.  “I didn’t mean to offend you.”
  “It’s okay.  I should shower.”
  She made a quick departure, running back to her cabin without noticing the body of the elderly soldier slumped in the corner against the privacy fence.

  The warm water cascading over Eva’s body refreshed her.  It washed away her tears, her sweat, the sunscreen and aloe-like gel she’d put on, and all of the terrible memories.  She found a razor and lathered soap on her legs and gently shaved them.  Everything still looked flat, and she worried she’d cut herself again.  She suddenly thought with surprise that they should have taken the razor away from her.  That is, if they were worried she was going to cut herself again.
  Had she done that on purpose?
  She didn’t know.
  The fuzz on her head prickled when she ran her hand over it, so she lathered it up also and began shaving blindly.  She ran one finger along the side of the blade, making sure she didn’t cut into the scar on her scalp.
  The skin on her head burned a little by the time she finished.
  Feeling clean again, she rotated slowly in the shower, allowing the water to pound on her head, her face, her neck, her back, and her chest.
  She told herself that when she was locked up, one of the things she’d missed the most was standing under a shower and now she was going to enjoy this for as long as there was warm water.
  A muffled noise from the bedroom interrupted her.
  She turned the water off and listened.
  She heard nothing.
  Visitor?
  Had he come to check on her?
  She resisted calling out to him.
  She stepped out and grabbed her towel, drying off quietly while she continued to listen.  She still heard nothing.
  She felt safe behind the closed bathroom door.  She was terrified to open it, as if she suspected someone were lurking in her bedroom, waiting for her.  Ridiculous.  She had just come over from the main house and hadn’t seen anyone.  How would someone know to find her in her bedroom in the middle of the night and just at this moment?
  The paranoid part of her mind wished she’d managed to smuggle a knife out of the kitchen.
  She was tired.  The cut on her arm ached.  She looked at the long, thin, angry line, and she hoped it wouldn’t scar.  How had she done something so stupid?
  She put her hand up to the chest-high door handle.
  Her hand shook.
  Breathe, Eva.  Bogeymen aren’t lurking behind every corner.
  She opened the door.
  The darkened bedroom on the other side warned her and she crouched immediately, dropping low and grabbing her towel with both hands, turning the soft, white cloth into a weapon.
  A long dagger slashed at where her face had just been, and Eva brought the towel up on the blade, shielding herself from it and attempting to disarm her opponent.
  The cloaked and hooded figure wielding the blade pulled back, but Eva twisted her towel over the dagger, turning her arm over her assailant’s arm to bind the weapon.  She lashed a kick into her attacker’s stomach, keeping the dagger trapped in her towel.
  Her attacker let go.
  Eva let the dagger and her towel fall to the ground.  She kicked out again into the darkness, connecting with flesh.  She heard a grunt and a rush of feet.  The door to her cabin slammed open.
  She ran after her assailant.  The figure fled through the open gate in the privacy fence and Eva followed onto the beach.  A boxy, black Hrwang combat craft sat on the sand, near the edge of the water, with its entry hatch cycled open.  Eva’s attacker dove through the hatch before she could catch up.
  The vehicle vanished.
  Eva stumbled into the spot that had been occupied by the craft, falling on the sand that still bore the impression of the weight that had just rested on it.  She looked around herself helplessly, looked up at the sky, scanning it for any signs, but the craft was gone.
  She screamed at the empty night.

  Soldiers in black uniforms escorted Eva off the beach and back toward Visitor’s compound.  At the gated section of the fence, another soldier handed her a large blanket.  She’d forgotten that she’d been in the shower and now walked naked in the midst of several men.  She wrapped the blanket around herself, conscious now of how the men had not stared at her, but had glanced as much as discreetly possible.
  She pulled the blanket tighter.
  “Are you hurt?” Visitor cried, rushing to her side when she stepped inside the fence.  A soldier held a bright light while two more knelt in the corner between the fence and her cabin, just under her window where the elderly soldier had stood guard earlier in the evening.  She watched them, suspecting who they worked on, and regretted the thoughts she’d had earlier about killing the man and escaping.  He hadn’t been there to keep her in.  He’d been there to watch over her, and her attacker must have dispatched him first before entering her cabin.
  One of the kneeling soldiers stood and looked at Visitor, shaking his head.
  Visitor put his arm around Eva and escorted her into the main house.
  “Are you hurt?” he asked again.
  “No, I’m fine.  I apologize for your guard.”
  Visitor bit his lower lip.
  “I am so sorry,” he said.  It was the first time Eva had heard an informal apology from a Hrwang, and it sounded much more sincere than “I apologize”.
  “I am sorry also,” she told him.
  His lip quivered.
  Several soldiers remained at a respectful distance, but Eva knew the men would be distraught at having allowed an attack to occur on their watch.  And at losing a comrade in arms.  They weren’t about to allow another, although Eva wasn’t concerned that another attack would occur.  Her assailant had fled and wouldn’t be back soon.
  Visitor steered her to a bedroom door.
  “My sister is away on urgent business.  You can put on some of her clothes.”
  “I can fetch my nightdress from my room,” Eva replied.
  He shook his head.
  “Investigators will be examining and analyzing every fleck of your room for hours.”
  “Okay,” she said and reached through the doorway to turn the light on.  Visitor noticed her hesitation.
  “My soldiers have swept the entire house.  It’s safe.  Extra guards are posted everywhere.”
  Eva nodded and went into the room.
  She needed to get dressed.  She hitched the blanket up around herself again.
  She looked through dresser drawers until she found one containing underwear.  It was all granny underwear, but Eva put it on anyway.  She found something that looked like pajamas, a white shirt and pants made from a soft, fleece-like material and covered with the print of tiny creatures that resembled rabbits.
  She couldn’t stay in the bedroom.  Being alone felt like being trapped.
  She came out of the bedroom and looked at a soldier.  She wanted to ask him where Visitor was, but he pointed her toward the kitchen.  She acknowledged him with a nod and he nodded back.
  She found Visitor sitting at the dining room table, untouched food in front of him, with his head in his hands.  He looked up at her when she entered and chuckled a little.
  “Fuzzy bunnies.  Those were my sister’s favorite when she was little.”
  Eva sat.
  “Well, not that specific pajama,” he continued.  “One that fit her, of course.  But I found that adult-sized pair in a market one day and bought them for her.  I wonder if she ever wore them.”
  “They’re comfortable,” Eva said.
  He smiled, but his eyes remained sad.
  “He was a dear, old man.  The guard who was murdered.  I’ve known him since I was a child.”  Visitor stared down at the table as he spoke.  “He was retired and lived in a cottage farther down the beach.  He volunteered for the occasional guard shift.  He told me it was for a change of pace in his life, plus he wanted to teach the younger guards their duty better.  As soon as he learned there was an alien in the household, he volunteered to watch over you.  He’d never seen an alien before.”
  Visitor broke down a little, his eyes moist.
  “I can’t believe he’s gone,” he said.
  Eva reached out and put her hand on his arm.  He buried his face in his hands a moment, wiped his eyes, and looked up at a soldier who walked in slowly, carrying a dagger in Eva’s towel.
  Visitor nodded at him.
  “Lady, is this the dagger that was used to attack you?” the soldier asked.
  “I’m not sure.  It was dark.  But if you found it in my room wrapped in my towel, it must be.”
  He held it up for her inspection.  On the blade, near the hilt, a small emblem had been engraven.  It was an oval with jagged edges, a belt of lightning encircling the middle.
  “I’ve seen that symbol before,” Eva said.  “What does it mean?”
  Visitor looked at her solemnly.
  “It’s my family’s crest,” he said.

  Eva lay in First Sister’s bed until dawn, reliving the attack over and over again, unable to sleep.
  She noted several things as she reviewed everything.  First, her attacker had been small.  Just a little shorter than her.  He hadn’t been particularly skilled.  The initial thrust had been direct, almost blind.  The mask he wore to protect his face had also hindered his vision, and he had struck out without realizing Eva had already ducked.  He relied more on surprise than skill to achieve his end.  As soon as Eva had fought back, he’d fled, as if he wasn’t trained in fighting, and as if discovery of his identity would have been worse than not succeeding in his mission.
  She got out of bed when she felt hungry.  She hoped she could find something palatable for breakfast.
  Visitor sat at the dining room table in the same spot he’d occupied when he’d persuaded her to go to bed.
  “You couldn’t sleep either?” she asked.
  He looked up, his hair disheveled and his eyes a little bloodshot.
  “I apologize.  Would you like something to eat?” he asked in reply.
  “Maybe.  Something bland.”
  He nodded, stood, and went into the kitchen.
  The long dagger lay in a plastic wrap on the table.  A tablet lay next to it.  It looked like Visitor had either been taking notes or reading someone else’s.  He returned with a platter of the bland meat and plain bread.  It wasn’t the breakfast Eva desired at that moment, but she didn’t feel like experimenting with any other Hrwang food.
  She thanked him.
  He watched her eat for a little while, but he clearly had something on his mind.
  “It’s okay,” she said.  “I can talk and eat at the same time.  I expected an investigator to question me about what happened.”
  He looked at her puzzled.
  “I don’t understand.”
  “Your soldiers.  They will want me to answer questions.”
  “Investigators still interview witnesses on your world?”
  It was Eva’s turn to look puzzled.
  “Yours don’t?”
  “Our courts decided over a century ago that the testimony of witnesses was too unreliable.  Forensic evidence is sufficient in every case.  Is it not the same on your world?”
  “I suppose our science is not as advanced as yours,” Eva replied.  “We still question witnesses.”
  He nodded.
  “When you use long sentences, you mix up your word order sometimes,” he said.  “It’s a little confusing at times.”
  “I apologize,” Eva said quickly.
  “No.  It’s okay.  You are learning Est admirably well.  I’ve never used a sleep conditioner, but they appear to be effective.”
  Eva nodded, a little afraid to speak now.  She hated doing things wrong.
  “How did you disarm your opponent so easily?” he asked, referring to the tablet.  “The report says that your attacker only stepped once toward where you crouched in the bathroom doorway.  It concludes that you disarmed him after one thrust.”
  “I’m trained,” Eva replied simply.
  “There is one odd thing they noted.  Your attacker had small feet.  Did you get a good look at him?”
  “No,” she replied, trying to determine the correct way to phrase her next response.  Keep it simple.  No compound sentences.  “His face and head were covered.  He was also short.”
  Visitor nodded and pushed the tablet aside.  He picked up the wrapped dagger.
  “This was stolen from our family museum.  It was the only weapon there.  Someone gained access after it was closed and took this from a locked cabinet.  They knew where the key was.”
  “One of your soldiers?” Eva asked.  The conclusions Visitor made suggested an inside job.
  “I apologize, but if that had been their intent, one of them would have just shot you.”
  Eva nodded.  He was right.
  But something didn’t make sense.  Why use a museum piece?
  Unless her attacker had access to no other weapon.
  She decided to keep that to herself.  That would make the attack on her a crime of passion.  Not well thought out.
  Who would do that?
  
  “Thank you for wearing the swimsuit.”
  Eva thought it looked ridiculous, but she’d put it on nonetheless.
  It was more comfortable than she would have expected, the sleeves and legs made of a diaphanous fabric that allowed her skin to breathe, and she thought she might look good in it once she’d regained ten or fifteen pounds of muscle.
  Visitor wore a similar swimsuit and Eva almost laughed.  It looked more manly on him, but it reminded her of pictures of swimmers from the 1800s.  Fashions come and go and return decades later, but she couldn’t imagine anyone from Earth wearing swimsuits like these ever again.
  He offered her canvas deck shoes and the original servant Eva had met gave them a picnic basket and a large flask.
  “Beer?” Eva asked, surprised a little that the Est word came to her when she thought of it, but Visitor shook his head.
  “Just water.”
  She nodded, a little disappointed.  Getting drunk right now might help her cope.
  As soon as they got onto the sand, Eva took her shoes off.  She never asked him where they were going.
  “My men are opposed to this,” Visitor said when they were a couple of hundred yards away from their house.
  Eva nodded agreement.  The tall condos in the distance could hold hundreds of snipers.
  “There are dozens of guards tracking us, watching everything,”  Visitor added.  “It is one of the detriments to my position.”
  She glanced up at the condos.
  “They couldn’t stop men with guns from shooting from the windows.”  She didn’t know the Est word for sniper.
  Visitor laughed.
  “We’re safer here than anywhere else.  Those homes are filled with the wives and families of my soldiers.  I think they watch out for me better than anyone else.”  He couldn’t stop chuckling.  “Please don’t have any concerns.  What happened last night cannot be repeated.”
  “How can you stop enemy vessels from just appearing, like that one that contained the person that killed your guard?”
  “Any such craft would be attacked immediately.  The one that was on the beach last night had authorization to be on the island.  I apologize.”
  Eva rounded on him.
  “You know who did it?”
  He shook his head, no.
  “I apologize.  Please.  Don’t worry about it.  Soldiers are investigating.  There is nothing we can do.  Please just enjoy this day.”
  Why not? Eva thought.  It beat sitting in a cell.
  “Okay.  I won’t talk about it again.”
  “Today.  You can bring it up tomorrow if you would like.”
  Eva laughed.
  They continued down the beach.
  Her thoughts lost themselves in the sounds of the ocean, the steady waves crashing on the shore, the slight breeze coming off the water, and the sounds of seagulls circling overhead.
  Seagulls!  She looked up and watched them for a while and they looked the same, at least from a distance, as the seagulls in California.  Hrwang had seagulls.  Amazed, Eva wondered what other animals were similar.  And what were different.
  If God had created people, humans, on both planets, and they were all the same, all the same on all the planets where people lived, were animals the same?  Did nature, or evolution, dictate what sorts of animals lived on a planet?
  She had questions about something other than her own predicament.  It felt good to have those questions.  It meant she cared about things beyond herself.  It meant she wanted to know and wanted to learn.  Being outside, by the ocean, made her feel almost human, almost whole, again.
  She focused on tiny sensations: the cool sand under her toes as she walked, the smell of the salty breeze, and the occasional spray of water.  She moved closer to the water, walking where the waves came up and splashed on her feet and receded, leaving firm, damp sand behind.  She felt fifteen.  Just moved to California, disappointed at her mother, fighting depression, but always happy to be at the beach, walking on the sand with her father.
  She’d hated her parents for divorcing but appreciated the places her father had taken her, especially the beach.  She recognized now how much he’d tried.  Now he was probably dead and she couldn’t even tell him sorry.
  Her eyes teared a little and she tried not to think about him.  She watched the water, watched surprisingly Earth-like clumps of seaweed pushed around by the waves and watched the water foam white as those waves broke and fell away.  If a big pier with a ferris wheel were nearby, she could have been on Santa Monica Beach.
  It felt the same.
  Visitor looked at her occasionally, but he walked quietly on, leaving her to her thoughts.  She appreciated that.  She didn’t know what he was doing, she wanted to know who he was, but those revelations could wait.  He would tell her.  Maybe.  But she knew he was a good man.  She could trust him.
  Enjoy the beach, enjoy the water, enjoy whatever place he’s taking you to, she told herself.  And stop thinking about the past.  That holds no happiness, no answers.
  Eva wiped tears from her face.  She smiled at Visitor when he looked over at her, and he smiled back, almost in relief.
  They still walked quietly together.  She giggled when a large wave splashed around her, soaking her up to her knees and striking his feet, catching him off guard.  He yelped.
  She almost put her hand out to take his; she thought if he’d been her mark, she would have done just that.  If she’d been trying to seduce him the way she had the Lord Admiral, that’s exactly what she would have done.  So she kept her hand firmly by her side.
  They eventually reached a tiny marina, just eight berths and only four of those occupied.
  “We’re here,” he announced.
    Eva raised a foot, wiped the sand off, and slipped a deck shoe on.  She did the same with the other foot, then joined Visitor up on the wooden planking.  It swayed with the waves.
  “Have you ever sailed?” he asked.
  “Just once,” she replied.
  “That makes you an old salt,” he said, then grinned.
  He led her to the largest boat at the tiny dock.  It had only one mast and looked just big enough for four or five people.  He stepped onto it and beckoned for her to follow.  She tried to figure out how to say, “Permission to come aboard,” but the Est words weren’t in her vocabulary.  He probably wouldn’t get the joke anyway.
  She stepped onto the vessel.
  He indicated where she could sit.  He began the busy work of unmooring from the dock and firing the outboard motor.  It was built into the hull, out of sight, and he operated controls from the back of boat.  He left the sails furled.
  Eva watched him, and as the boat pulled away from the marina, bobbing up and down with waves that lapped at its sides, the feeling of something being wrong, being alien, hit her and wouldn’t go away.
  She had only been sailing once; it was a wealthy man’s sport.  She’d never gone in California.  It was nothing her father ever could have afforded and she’d only been invited once.  The invitation had come from a rich, creepy sleezeball and she’d turned him down.
  In college, a group of guys invited her and two of her roommates to go sailing on a three day weekend.  It had been an all evening drive after classes on Friday, two cars caravanning to Norfolk, Virginia.  They slept in their cars at the marina.
  Early morning out to the dock and on to a large, two-masted, sleek yacht.  Eva had wanted to help, but the guys weren’t in the mood to teach.  She quickly realized the girls were along to wear bikinis and drink beer.  One of the guys had even brought extra bikinis in case the girls hadn’t.
  With such a large boat, once the sails were set there was little to do and the guys brought out all the food and beer and tried to flirt.  Disgusted, Eva moved out to the front of the boat and watched the hull slicing through the water.  What had she expected?  That someone would teach her on a one day sail?  It was an expensive boat and taking the girls along was a way for the boys to show off.
  It had been a little fun.  Although sleeping on the boat that night with a bunch of drunk college kids had been awkward.
  She remembered a phrase: “Coming about.”
  On the front of the boat there’d been a large sail, she couldn’t remember what it was called, with a long pole to hold it out.  The main mast was designed the same way, and when the sails were shifted, someone yelled, “Coming about,” and everyone on deck had to duck.
  A boom.  They’d called it a boom.
  Visitor’s ship didn’t have a boom.
  She studied his sails now.
  Two small poles came off the main mast, making a vee, and holding sails out on either side.  He cranked a winch and the mast rotated, and both sails filled with wind.  Since the vee poles were angled, no one had to duck.  It didn’t seem as efficient, though.  On her college trip, when both sails had been completely extended and there was a stiff breeze coming up the bay, they’d all been ordered to move to one side, even sitting up on the rail and hanging off it a little to balance the boat and get the most speed.  It had been a rush for Eva.  The tipped boat cruising in the wind, everyone cheering, water spraying them, the fear in her roommates’ eyes as they held on for dear life, and that had been the one moment she’d enjoyed the most.
  Then the wind had died.
  Visitor’s boat would never tip like that with its sail design.  It appeared more suited for ease of use than for maximum speed.
  At least it was nice to be out on the water.
  They sailed along the coast, about a quarter of a mile from shore, and Visitor pointed out a few villas belonging to relatives.
  “Your family must own half this island,” she said after he pointed out where his grandmother lived.
  “All of it,” he said.
  “All of it?” Eva exclaimed.
  He nodded.
  “We own the entire island.  Our family vacations here, retires here, and our servants live, vacation, and retire here.  They don’t own the homes where they live, but they don’t have to pay rent.”
  “What?”
  “It’s our island.  We take care of our people.  And they take care of us.”
  Eva didn’t know what to say.  She’d never heard of such a thing.  The cost must have been staggering.  But what a way to engender loyalty.  You get to retire to a tropical paradise if you serve faithfully.
  “So people work for you their entire lives?”
  “Families work for us for generations.”
  “Who are you?” Eva asked.
  Visitor ignored the question.  He moved forward to make an adjustment to the sails.  When he returned, he sat right next to Eva.
  “When we return to Capitol Island, I want you to be my adjutant.  I’ve been thinking about it.“
  “Why?” 
  “It’s the simplest way to provide you freedom of movement.”
  “How?  What does an adjutant do?”
  “It’s a fairly loose designation.  That’s what makes it great.  My adjutants do whatever I need them to.”
  “A ‘go for’.”  Eva smiled.
  “A what?”
  “We call them ‘go fors’.  In English it sounds like the name of a small rodent, so it’s a joke.  But you tell them to ‘go for this’ and ‘go for that’.  An adjutant sounds like a ‘go for’.”
  Visitor shook his head.
  “Aliens,” he said.  “I don’t think I could ever get used to living among you.”
  His words put up an instant wall between them and she understood a little how the Lord Admiral felt when she’d compared him to a human.  She was a human, not an alien, although she recognized she was alien to this planet.  But the Hrwang were the aliens, the strange people who never revealed their names, the evil people who attacked other worlds for no reason, the disgusting people who ruined their food with awful spices, and the friendly people who housed and protected and healed her after her ordeal in the prison.
  Although the friendly one with her had also claimed credit for having placed her in prison in the first place.
  She stood up and climbed to the upper deck.  She held the rigging as she made her way forward, not even having to duck under the sails, and went to the front.  There wasn’t a second sail there.  She thought all sailboats on Earth, all ‘human’ sailboats, had an extra sail up there, but this alien boat didn’t.
  She took her shoes off and placed them carefully on the deck in a recess so they wouldn’t slide off.  She sat on the deck at the edge, moved her legs under a railing, and hung them over the side.  She resisted the urge to look back at Visitor to see how he responded.
  He left her alone for a while.
  The spray cooled her legs and chilled her a little.  She ignored it and watched the water without thinking.
  Thinking hurt.
  She’d lost too much.
  She finally heard him join her.
  “I apologize,” he said.
  “Who’s driving the boat?” she asked, not looking at him.
  “I turned us to out to sea.  It won’t need to be steered for a long time.”
  “What about running into other boats?”
  “That would be unlikely.”
  She turned to look at him now.
  “Why?”
  Visitor waved his arm along the empty horizon in front of them.  He was right.  There were no other boats around.  Other than the three docked at the marina, Eva hadn’t seen anything out on the water.
  Chesapeake Bay had been choked with boats in places and more than once, the college sailors had been required to switch to their motor because they couldn’t turn and adjust the sails fast enough to avoid collisions.  At the time, she’d simply thought they were idiots.  But sailing in that much traffic must have been challenging.  Sailing on open water, like they did now, was child’s play.  Visitor didn’t even need to steer.
  “It’s okay,” he said.  “We won’t go out far.”
  “Why not?” Eva asked.
  He looked at her, puzzled.
  “We can’t leave sight of land,” he explained, sounding like he was talking to a child.  “The ocean is vast and it’s easy to get lost.  We must be able to see the island at all times.”
  “Why?” Eva asked, surprised.
  “There’s no AI on board.  How would we know where to go?”
  Est for the words ‘navigational equipment’ wouldn’t come to mind, so she talked around it.
  “There are things that let you look at the sky, at the sun and the stars, that let you talk to things that fly in space, and they tell you where you are.”
  He laughed.
  “Ancient technology,” he said.  “All navigation is performed by AIs.”  He laughed again.  “Being out on the ocean, out of sight of land and without an AI, would be like a horror movie.  It would terrify people.  Wait.  Your people would make movies like that, wouldn’t they?”
  As he said new words, like ‘technology’ and ‘navigation’, she understood them.  She hadn’t realized until that moment how much she’d helped the Hrwang learn English just by being in their presence and speaking to them.  Almost as if she’d been aiding and abetting the enemy.
  She’d been on, and was still on, a fool’s errand.
  “Or would they?” Visitor asked.
  “I apologize,” she said.  “What was the question?”
  “Nothing.  Just that your people would make a horror movie just to scare others, wouldn’t they?”
  “Yes.  They have always been popular with ‘my people’.”  She’d almost said humans.  “We tell scary stories to children to teach them there are bad things in the world and as we get older, we realize it’s fun to get a little scared when it’s safe.  So we watch scary movies.”
  He shook his head, but he didn’t say anything about her being alien.
  “I have some friends who make movies.  Maybe I’ll tell them about this idea and they can make a scary movie.  I wonder if it would make any money.”
  Eva shrugged and turned to look back out at the ocean.  She didn’t care.  Money meant nothing to her right now.
  Visitor babbled for a while and she gathered that he was quite wealthy.  Of course, his family owned a huge island, so that should have been a clue.  But he never revealed anything concrete about them or about himself.  He intentionally guarded his identity and Eva knew she’d never tease it out of him, so she didn’t try.
  “I’m hungry,” she said, interrupting him, and he looked behind them, the spell of conversation finally broken.
  “Oh!  We need to turn around,” he cried.
  She crawled out from under the railing and picked her shoes up.  The deck was mostly dry, so she negotiated her way back barefoot.  The island was just a tiny dot in the distance.
  Frustrated with trying to turn them around and get the sail engaged properly to tack, Visitor turned the motor on.  Eva suppressed a smirk.
  “I apologize,” he said.  He truly was terrified.  He looked frantically past the sails, guiding the boat toward the tiny speck that was his family’s tropical paradise.
  “You should have your friends make that movie,” she said after they were close enough to the island that Visitor had relaxed a little.  The tiny dot on the horizon had grown large enough that it was clearly the island.
  Only it didn’t look any closer to Eva.  Everything looked flat on the horizon.  She ignored the sensation.
  “Where is the food you brought?” she asked.
  Visitor went below the deck and brought up the picnic basket.
  “First Over Kitchen Servant is the greatest cook,” he said, grinning.
  Eva hoped there would be something unspiced for her in the basket and there was.  Grateful, she ate the sandwich and the small salad that accompanied it.
  “The water flask?” she asked after she’d finished eating.
  Visitor pointed back below the deck.  He was on his second sandwich, holding it in one hand with a glass of water in the other.  She went down the steps and started to look inside when she heard a cry from behind her.  Visitor dropped his glass and it clattered on the deck.
  She looked up at him and he was pointing skyward.  She looked up, following his arm and hand, and saw that a second sun had appeared in the heavens.  She quickly looked around her.
  She saw a thick, yellow vest.
  She grabbed it without thinking why.


10





  The second bright light in the sky grew rapidly, eclipsing the sun.  Eva shielded her eyes.  She heard Visitor cry out, and she thought desperately of how she could get a life preserver to him.  Several lay next to the one she’d retrieved.  She clung to it.
  Then the bright light exploded.
  Eva felt herself and the boat being picked up in the air, and she was aware of being lifted high above the sails.  She squeezed her eyes shut as light blasted her and heat seared her skin, and she was helpless.
  But not entirely.
  She realized she was going to hit water, and she got her legs stretched out under her and held her breath.  The water slapped her as she entered, but its coolness relieved the heat from the blast.  Underwater, everything sounded muted, but she thought she heard a blast.
  Still clinging to the yellow life vest, she bobbed to the surface and heard a second explosion.  She ducked back under to avoid the second shockwave and thought about ditching the life vest so she could go further under.  Fear of not being able to find it again kept her from letting go.
  Waves pushed her around, and as she surfaced another wave smacked her in the face and she swallowed seawater.  She gasped, coughed, and turned so her back faced the direction the wave came from.  She tried to clear her one good eye with her hand without losing the vest.  She couldn’t.  She had to put the vest on.
  Her eye stinging from saltwater, waves lifting her up and dropping her, she struggled with the alien buckles on the yellow life vest.  She couldn’t figure out how to open them.  She finally took a breath, put the life vest over her head, allowed herself to sink into the water, and put her arms up through the opening, wrenching her left shoulder as she tried to worm into the vest.  As it came down over her and she was able to push her head through the top, it reminded her of when she had squirmed out of the nightdress the Lord Admiral had held during a drunken stupor.  Escaping from him, she’d thought she was saving her life at the time.
  Squirming into this vest might be saving her life right now.
  Her hands free from clinging to the preserver, she cleared her eye and used her arms and legs to turn about in the water.
  The boat wasn’t far, no more than twenty feet from her.  She must not have been thrown as far as it felt, or else the boat had been thrown with her.  If the boat had been thrown as far as she had, at least it hadn’t landed on her.
  It lay on its side, the mast still attached and pointing toward Eva.  The sails lay on the water surface.
  She swam, awkwardly with the life vest on, to the mast and grabbed it.
  The boat looked less damaged than she’d expected.  There was no sign of Visitor on it.
  As she put her weight on the mast, it sank, and water rushed over the top of the sails.
  “No, no, no, no,” she cried as the delicate equilibrium that had kept the boat on its side disappeared and it rolled slowly over.  She swam away desperately, feeling water pull her toward the capsizing vessel until it pushed her away instead, and the boat completed its turn with a large splash.
  She shook her head at the now upside down vessel, its large keel fin sticking straight up in the air making the boat look like a bloated, beached shark.
  Visitor was going to kill her for capsizing his boat.
  Visitor!
  Where was he?
  He hadn’t had a life jacket like her.  He must have clung to the deck.  Was he underwater now?  Had he been inside the cabin when the sailboat went over?
  She quickly recreated the effects of the initial explosion and decided he would have been thrown clear like she was.  He couldn’t be in the cabin below deck because she’d been in the way.  He had been more exposed on the deck than she’d been and he could have been thrown farther away.
  “Visitor!” she cried, turning away from the boat in the direction she’d been thrown.  “Visitor!”
  She felt stupid calling him Visitor.  She remembered an acquaintance with a name that didn’t match its spelling.  People who didn’t know him could never pronounce it.  Whenever he ordered food in a crowded bar, he always gave the name ‘Joe’, but he didn’t always remember that he was supposed to be Joe when the waitress yelled his name with his order.
  She could yell ‘Visitor’ all day, but the man she’d been sailing with might not remember that that’s what he was supposed to answer to.  If the stupid Hrwang would just start using names, life would be so much easier.
  “Visitor!”
  She swam tentatively.  The life vest made it challenging, but this far out in the ocean, she didn’t want to be without it.  It kept her from having to work to keep her head above water.
  Visitor hadn’t had one.
  “Visitor!”
  She almost switched to yelling, “Moron!”  She’d yelled that at him when she’d been locked up and she felt like yelling that at him now.  But even if he didn’t understand the English word, it didn’t seem right.  He wasn’t a moron.  He’d eventually helped her, and now if he died, she’d be responsible.  She hadn’t given him a life vest.
  She had to find him.
  “Visitor!”
  She didn’t hear any more explosions behind her, but waves continued pushing her up and down, making it difficult to see a floating body anywhere.  If the water were still, she’d be able to see him.
  “Visitor!” she cried as loud as she could.  He couldn’t be that far.  If he hadn’t heard this time, he was never going to hear her.  She needed to focus on where he was and get to him as quickly as possible.
  She turned to estimate how far she’d swum and she couldn’t tell.  She decided the boat looked about the same size, or a little smaller, than it had when she began swimming toward it, so she must be about the same distance away as she’d been thrown.  But it should have been easier to figure out the distance.  Everything looked flat and the same distance away.
  Focus Eva, she told herself.
  She began swimming in an arc around the boat, hoping she’d picked the correct direction.  Waves continued to toss her about, making every stroke a challenge.  Sometimes she felt she wasn’t even moving.  If she hadn’t been wearing the life vest, the ocean would have exhausted her strength.
  Visitor was probably dying, if not already dead.  She had to get to him.
  “Visitor!” she cried again, uselessly.
  The ocean had been calm as they’d sailed.  The blast must have stirred up the water.  It must have been huge.
  A meteor.
  She decided as she swam that what she’d seen had been a meteor.  Just like the Hrwang had struck the Earth with meteors, someone had struck Hrwang with a meteor.  Had Earth counterattacked?
  Not possible, she thought.  Not this quickly.  There was no way they could have learned to harness the alien technology in time.  Even though she’d traveled two and a half years, any counterattacking force would also be required to travel two and a half years to get here.  That meant they would have had to develop the ability during the same period of time as she’d been here.
  She had no idea how long that had been.
  “Visitor!” she yelled.  It was useless.  She was never going to find him.  Choppy waves picked her up and slapped her face, blinding her one good eye, pushing her around and keeping her from making progress.  She couldn’t tell if she swam in a proper arc.  He couldn’t be far, but she couldn’t search quickly enough.
  “Visitor!” she screamed.
  She’d gotten too far from the boat.  It looked too small now, so she began swimming back.
  “Stupid idiot,” she grumbled to herself in English.  It felt good to speak aloud in her native language.  “Stupid idiot should have been wearing a life vest.  Everyone’s supposed to wear a vest on a boat, right?”
  Her arms tired.  She kicked with her legs.
  Her once strong arms, muscular and trained, were now thin twigs.  She’d lost much of her muscle mass in prison and she hated it.  She wanted to go on a training regime and get back into shape.  She was useless and weak now, and she despised feeling that way.
  She struggled through the water.
  Another wave picked her up and pushed her sideways and she collided with the body before she saw it.
  “No!” she cried, and she grabbed the figure, turning him over.  He flopped onto his back.
  “No!”
  In a panic, she tried to recall everything she’d been taught about rescue breathing.  She kicked herself up in the water and put her face over his, but remembered she had to clear his airway first.  If he had something blocking it, like water, she’d just force it down into his lungs.
  She tried to get under him and push with her legs, forcing him upright.  She held him from behind and her arms squeezed him as she fought the water to move him.
  He threw up.
  Then he groaned.
  Eva cried out in relief.
  “You’re breathing, right?  If you can make a noise, you’re breathing.  Right?”
  He threw up again.
  Feeling lighter, feeling some hope, she towed him away from the mess he’d made.  A wave pushed them back into it.
  “You’re alive, right?”
  She wiped his face with her hand and tried to feel his breath.  He was heavy in the water, and even with the life vest on, he pushed her down and she had to kick to keep her mouth above the surface.
  Grateful that he wore the ridiculous, 1800’s style swimsuit, she could hold on to the fabric easier than she could have held on to his slick body.  He moaned and mumbled something in Est.
  He was alive.
  She focused now on getting him to the boat.  She couldn’t stay out here in the water forever, holding on to him and trying to keep them both from sinking.
  The boat seemed forever away, but she had to get there.
  Towing was difficult.  When she kicked her legs to swim, she kicked his useless legs hanging in the water, and she got nowhere.
  She maneuvered to get beside him, her left arm over his chest, cradling him close to her vest to keep his head out of the water, and she began to swim a side stroke.
  Each stroke gained little headway, but after a few minutes she seemed little closer to the capsized sailboat.  She stopped to rest, panting in Visitor’s face.
  “Still with me, buddy?” she asked in English.  Speaking a foreign language was too much at the moment.
  She comforted him in English as she towed, stopping to rest and check on him often.  He still breathed but was unconscious.  She thought she heard a rattle in his breath, but the turbulent ocean still pushed and pulled and slapped her, making it difficult for her to listen properly.
  As they drew nearer to the boat, the ocean calmed, and Eva made better progress.  She lay on her back, her hand balled up in the collar of Visitor’s swimsuit, towing him on his back also.  When she stopped to rest, she looked around to make sure she still swam in the right direction.  She didn’t want to overshoot the boat.  She didn’t have the strength to waste a single minute swimming the wrong way.
  They reached the boat.
  The hull of the capsized sailboat was too steep to crawl up.  There wasn’t anything to hold on to.  She made her way around to the stern.  With relief, she grabbed a rail that extended down from the deck.
  “We made it,” she said, her voice choked.  “We made it.”  She knew he probably didn’t understand her English, but she didn’t care.  She needed to talk to him.
  “Okay.  Now we wait to be rescued.  You guys have a Coast Guard, right?”  What if they didn’t?  What if the Hrwang didn’t have a Coast Guard?  There’d only been four boats in the marina.  Were four boats worth a Coast Guard?
  A wave rocked them.  The boat rocked with it and Eva’s hand cramped as she struggled to keep a hold on Visitor.  He still floated on his back.  She couldn’t hold him forever that way.  She needed to get a life vest on him.
  “There’s a, uh, life vest, in the cabin on the ship.  If I swam under to go get it, you wouldn’t go anywhere, would you?”
  She pictured how she could tie him to the rail, but nothing worked.  Nothing guaranteed his head would stay above the water when the boat rocked.  She had to put a life vest on him now.
  She only had one.  Hers.
  She looked up at the sky.
  “Why is this stuff never easy?” she complained.  Her arms had no strength, her hands hurt, one from holding his collar and the other from holding the railing, and she couldn’t catch her breath.  She was exhausted.
  Just this morning, she’d lain in a soft bed with a comfortable blanket and a servant had prepared breakfast for her.  A breakfast of the only edible food in the house, food she quickly grew tired of, but food nonetheless.
  Or was that yesterday?
  She’d had cold water, too.
  She didn’t have any now.
  She needed water.
  She pulled Visitor close to the rail.  Pulling his stretched out collar up to the railing, she pulled it through and hung on to the end of it with one hand.  It kept his head out of the water, acted like a little pulley to make it easier to hang on to him, and also kept her holding on.
  And it freed one hand.
  She studied the buckles on the Hrwang life vest.  The same buckles that had defeated her when she’d been away from the boat and desperate to put the yellow preserver on.
  Assess.  Plan.  Act.
  She breathed deeply a few times, made sure Visitor was okay, switched hands so she held his collar through the railing with her left, and inspected the alien buckles.
  There was nothing to squeeze on them.  Nothing on the side.  Nothing on the top.  She could see where one side inserted to the other, but nothing she tugged or pushed moved.
  Think.
  Three buckles held the vest closed, and the one in the middle was the easiest for her to pull away from the vest and examine.  She stared at it, stared at the harness that went into each side of it and around the vest, and she knew it had to open.
  How would an alien think?
  It had to open quickly, but not too easily.  That was the purpose behind a squeeze release.  It could latch easily into place, but you had to squeeze it from both sides for it to open.  But when you did, it just popped.
  Wouldn’t this be just as simple?
  She punched the water.
  “Morons!” she screamed at the inhabitants of the alien world.  “Stupid idiot morons!”  Why couldn’t they just design a stupid buckle like a human?  Why did they have to be so stupidly alien?  Why couldn’t they just do things normally?
  Breathe.
  She calmed down and pulled the buckle up again where she could see it.  If she had a knife, she might be able to stick it into the mechanism and trigger the clasp to release.  Or break it.
  Surely even the stupid Hrwang were smart enough not to require that.
  One thing looked like it should be pushed on, and Eva pushed on it in vain.  It had to be the release for the latch.  But it didn’t push.
  She tried pushing it in, she tried sideways, she tried back, and she tried pushing it forward.
  It moved.
  It didn’t push, but it turned, and she realized she needed to roll it.
  The latch opened.
  Stupid aliens.
  With the latch open, it was simple to loosen the buckle so it would fit around Visitor.
  Assess.  Plan.  Act.
  She could loosen the buckles, get one of his arms through one side, attach the bottom harness around him in case she dropped him, and run the top harness through the railing.  That way he wouldn’t float away.
  “You with me, buddy?”
  He didn’t respond, but he still breathed.
  “This is how it’s going to go down.”  She explained everything aloud, and her plan made sense.  His head would smack into the side of the boat when it was rocked by waves, but at least he wouldn’t float away while she looked for another life vest.
  She reviewed the plan again and hoped it was worth it.  She hoped she could find a second life vest for herself.  And she had to find water.  Hopefully the flask he brought was still inside.  Food was too much to ask for.  They probably lost what was left of their lunch when the boat capsized.  She’d find what she could.
  And a flare!
  If there was a flare gun on board, she could fire it and get someone’s attention.  Someone from the island, there were enough people who lived there, would have to see it.
  She looked toward the island, Visitor’s home.  The boat had rotated and now she could see it.
  And Eva knew help wouldn’t be coming from there.
  The entire island burned.


11





  Eva hoped the overturned boat would have trapped air in the cabin, but it hadn’t.  It must have turned over too slowly, allowing water to fill the cabin space before it capsized.  She thought air might be trapped deeper inside, but it was dark and she had no light.  She swam quickly back to the surface.
  She checked on Visitor.
  “Nothing.  Sorry,” she told him, speaking English.  He still hung unconscious from the railing where she’d attached him.  “You stay with me, okay?  I’ll find something.”  But she knew she wouldn’t.  Or couldn’t.
  Being under the capsized boat, being in a small, dark, confined space, felt too similar to other small, dark spaces where Eva had been confined.  She couldn’t go back.
  “You’re a useless agent, Eva Gilliam,” she said and leaned her head against the hull of the boat and looked at Visitor.
  His hair wasn’t as dark as his sister’s; it was more a dirty brown.  His eyes were dark when opened.  They often looked at her with a mature intensity that made him seem older than he looked.  Which was about twenty-four or twenty-five.  That made Eva three or four years older than he was, unless she counted the two and a half years she spent traveling.
  Eva had turned thirty and hadn’t even been awake for it!
  Or maybe she’d turned thirty while she was in prison.  That would have been a wonderful birthday.  Had she had her birthday?
  She suddenly felt lost in time.  She had no idea what time it was on Earth.  And did time dilation come into effect?  Astronauts were milliseconds younger than if they’d stayed on Earth.  She’d traveled all the way to Hrwang, wherever it was.  It was a lot farther than Mars.  Had she aged a little less?
  She allowed her mind to wander.  She didn’t want to go back under the boat.
  “You have to, Eva,” she finally told herself after staring at the burning island for a while, no longer worrying about how old she was, relative or absolute, no longer thinking about anything, or caring about anything.  “You can’t hang on this upside down boat forever.”
  She couldn’t.
  She’d get tired.  She needed water.  She’d need sleep.
  They couldn’t climb up on the hull because it was too steep.  Visitor couldn’t climb on anything, anyway.  He was still unconscious.
  She put her ear close to his mouth.  He breathed, but it felt shallow and sounded raspy.  He needed treatment.
  Had there been a radio on board?
  She couldn’t remember one.  She wouldn’t be able to use it anyway, even if there had been one.  And there might not have been.  It was such a small boat and the Hrwang’s maritime capabilities seemed to lag Earth’s significantly.  The boat didn’t have a lot of the safety features, like simple GPS navigation, that she’d recalled on the boat she’d gone sailing on in college.
  Even the drunken idiots who’d owned that boat had been more prepared for a problem than Visitor was.
  When was it going to get dark?
  She had to go under again.
  Just do it, she told herself.
  She closed her eyes, breathed consciously for a moment, opened her eyes and put her hand gently on Visitor’s face.
  He rescued her and she wanted to return the favor.
  She took a deep breath and ducked under the water.
  
  She had to do everything by feel.  There may have been lights in the cabin, but she hadn’t entered it when the boat had been right side up.  She had no idea what it looked like or what to expect.  She wasn’t sure she’d know what a light switch looked like even if she saw one.  The aliens did everything differently.
  Eva began feeling dizzy.  She swam back down, then up, and hit her head on the deck.
  She was trapped.
  She almost gasped in fear.  How close she was to death terrified her.  Which direction did she swim?  Everything was dark.  If she swam the wrong way, she’d have to go the length of the boat before she could surface for air.
  She kept swimming in the direction she thought she’d been swimming.  She put her hands out in front of her and went up again, feeling the boat, then feeling it end.  She surfaced, panting for air.
  She’d never realized before how dangerous it was to swim under a capsized boat.

  It took Eva a while to gather the courage to try again.  She moved down the hull to about the point the cabin entryway was, then ducked under again.  She felt her way quickly to the entryway and went in.  She decided that if no air had been trapped in the cabin, she’d never find anything, so she’d focus on determining that.
  She felt her way along the ceiling; the floor actually, she reminded herself.  She also focused on keeping herself oriented.  She had to know the way back out or she’d trap herself again.  She’d avoided death in a dark, confined space twice, the Agency safe house and the Hrwang prison, and she wasn’t going to die in one now.
  Her hands suddenly felt different.
  She moved a little deeper into the cabin and it definitely felt like they were free of the water.  She cautiously poked her head up.  She had to angle her face, she felt like she was kissing the deck, but she could breathe.  The boat had trapped a little air.
  They had a chance now.
  She searched the cabin methodically in the dark, constantly worried about how much air she had.  Would she breathe all of it, replacing oxygen with carbon dioxide, and asphyxiate?  What would the symptoms be?
  She tried to remember from scuba training.
  Irritability.
  Check.
  Panic.
  Check.
  Confusion.
  Check.
  It was hopeless.  She’d never know if she was asphyxiating.
  She continued searching in the dark, feeling her way through the cabin between breaths.  She opened cupboards, rooted through compartments, and tried to guess what she was touching.  She found another life vest and several plastic bottles that she hoped held water.  She found a bag.
  She didn’t find flares.
  Having had enough of the dark confinement, Eva took a deep breath and made her way carefully toward the cabin entryway, towing the bag with the bottles and her life vest in it.
  She panicked a little when she stumbled at the entryway.  She already felt light-headed.  She dove down to get out from under the boat.  When she thought she’d swum far enough, she kicked strong, panic gripping her again.  She surfaced and gasped.
  She was on the other side of the boat from Visitor.  She’d swim to him, get her life vest on, get a drink from one of the bottles and try to help him drink, then figure out a way to get them somewhere useful.  Even though from her viewpoint, the entire island looked ablaze, it couldn’t be that bad.  Something had to be left.  Someone had to have survived.
  With both of them having life vests, she could tow Visitor to the island.  It would take hours, but they couldn’t just hang out in the ocean.  They had to get to land.
  All her calculations changed when she saw the Hrwang combat craft hovering in the air above them.

  Eva swam quickly toward Visitor as a hatch cycled on the side of the craft and someone’s arm stuck out.
  She stubbornly towed her bag with her even though it slowed her down.
  She wondered briefly if the craft was friend or foe.  She decided it didn’t matter.  If they were on the side of whoever dropped the meteor on Visitor’s island and were at the boat to finish the job of killing them, there was nothing she could do about it.  If they were here to rescue them, then Visitor could get to a hospital and they were saved.
  A man jumped into the water.
  She raced now, her heart pounding, and reached Visitor’s side before the man.  She wanted to move between Visitor and the man from the combat craft, but she knew she was in no condition for a fight in open water.  She clung to the hull, tensing.
  “Hello,” he called out in Est when he was about ten feet from them.  He wore a light gray vest and goggles.  Eva couldn’t see rank anywhere, but he still looked military.
  “Thank you for saving us,” she gushed.  As soon as she said the words, she felt anger at herself.  She couldn’t help it.  She always tried to manipulate men.  It had become a bad habit.  She resolved to turn off whatever charm she had left as a bald woman with a square scar on her head and face.
  It didn’t look like he was ever any closer as he swam until he was right next to them.
  She shook her head.  She was tired.
  “Are you okay?” he asked.
  She nodded.
  “And him?”
  “Still breathing.”
  Talking in Est again felt strange, a little awkward, after she’d spent so much time speaking in English.  It was as if she had to mentally shift gears in her head from first to reverse.
  The man got next to Visitor, pushed his head up to get a look at his face, and swore.
  At least Eva thought he was swearing.  She didn’t understand any of the words he said.
  He began frantically waving at the craft, and a basket stretcher appeared at the hatch and began lowering down.
  “Stay right here,” he said and swam to where the basket would land in the water.
  He grabbed it and the vehicle moved, allowing him to tow the stretcher back to Visitor.
  “Help me unhook him.”
  Eva nodded.  She began undoing the top buckle, the one that held the harness strap that she’d looped through the railing.
  “Hold him,” the man instructed when Visitor was free.  He pushed the basket stretcher underwater and maneuvered it under Visitor.  “Try to stretch him out.”
  Eva did the best she could.  Water rescues looked a lot easier on film.
  They finally managed to lay him on the stretcher with his head above water, and the rescuer strapped him in.  He pushed off from the hull.  Eva watched as he signaled again, and the cable attached to the stretcher began winding in.  When the cable was taut, the man climbed up on the side of the stretcher and signaled again.
  The cable rose.
  Eva put on her life vest while she watched the slow motion rescue, the basket stretcher turning as it was raised to the Hrwang combat craft.
  In the movies, the water at a rescue was always choppy as helicopter blades beat the air.  The Hrwang combat craft didn’t put out nearly as much turbulence.
  She pulled a bottle out of her bag.  Water.  Relieved, she drank until it was half empty.
  The stretcher reached the craft.
  The rescuer climbed through the open hatch, then hands reached out to grasp the stretcher.  Rescue helicopters had their winch above the doorway, making it easier to bring stretchers and people inside.  The Hrwang craft had its winch inside, meaning the stretcher would become trapped under the vehicle.
  A pole came out of the hatch and pushed against the stretcher.  It came away from the vehicle and level with the hatch.
  They pulled it inside.
  The hatch closed.
  “Umm,” Eva complained.  Were they going to leave her?
  She thought about waving to make sure the pilot remembered her, when the hatch cycled open again and the cable was dropped in the water once more.  Something, not the stretcher, was attached to the end.  Eva began swimming as quickly as she could, still stubbornly towing her bag behind.
  She thought about dropping it, but couldn’t.  She didn’t own a thing on this world, and the bag was all she possessed.
  It took too long to get to the end of the cable, and she almost let go of the bag, but talked herself out of it.  They could wait.
  She hoped.
  Finally reaching it, she recognized a simple sling harness.  She put her arms through it, held her bag on the other side, and gave a thumbs up.  The harness tightened around her and she felt it tugging uncomfortably.  It pulled her up.
  Eva was not afraid of heights and had rappelled from helicopters before.  But she didn’t like the sensation of being hoisted up by the flimsy harness to the Hrwang vehicle.  Higher and higher, the capsized boat hull growing smaller, and Eva could finally hear the whine of the engines.
  Hands grabbed her and pulled her inside the hatch unceremoniously.
  “Thank you,” she said, crawling inside on hands and knees.
  Visitor lay in a corner of the craft, still on the stretcher, something over his face.  Two men worked on him.  The hatch closed behind her and another man led her to a jump seat.
  “Did anyone else get off the island with you?” he asked when she was settled.
  Eva shook her head, no.  She pulled the bag up on her lap, hugging it.  It was a simple, tan-colored, woven, oversized beach bag, but it was her only possession in the world now.
  “How did you get off so quickly?  You wouldn’t have had much warning.”
  Eva shook her head again.
  “We were already off the island.”  What did she call him?  Her designation of Visitor would mean nothing to them.  “He took me sailing.”
  “We looked for survivors,” the man said.  Eva saw genuine pain in his eyes.  He looked away from her.  “Every building was flattened by the blast.  It must have been an airburst.”
  “It was a meteor,” Eva said.  She bit her tongue before adding, “like the ones you dropped on my planet.”
  He nodded.
  “I’m told sometimes they don’t impact the ground, but explode in the air instead,” he explained.
  “Oh,” Eva replied.
  “I don’t think anyone lived.  After we drop you off at the hospital, we’ll keep searching.”
  “Thank you,” Eva said again.
  He nodded back, then looked over at Visitor.
  “Was he drowning?” he asked.
  Eva nodded.
  “We thought so.  He has water in his lungs.  But you saved him.”
  Eva smiled a little.  She had saved him.  And they had saved her.
  He stood and retrieved a blanket.  He handed it to her.
  “It is winter in this hemisphere.  You’ll be cold.”
  Eva took it and wrapped it over her shoulders.
  “Will he be okay?” she asked.
  “We think so.”  He teared up a little.  “Thank you.”
  “Lady,” he added.
  Eva nodded again.


12





  “How do I designate you?”
  The woman’s voice sounded formal, almost austere.
  Eva shook the fog from her head.
  She took in her surroundings.  She didn’t know what she expected, something alien perhaps, but the hospital room she lay in didn’t look any different than Mark’s hospital room had back in Palmdale.  Remembering that made her think about Mark and she hoped he was doing okay.  Getting used to life with one arm must be challenging.
  “What’s this?” she asked, holding her arm up.  Tubes were attached to it.  They led to an IV drip.
  “You were malnourished and dehydrated.  How do I designate you?”
  How do I designate you, Eva wanted to mouth back at the severe woman.  She could think of a few choice appellations.
  The woman was black haired, tall and thin, and wore a white pantsuit.  She held her tablet like a clipboard.
  She wasn’t going to go away, so Eva decided to answer.
  “Most people call me ‘Lady’.”
  “You can’t be a Lady without a Lord.  Do you have a Lord?”
  Eva wasn’t sure how much she should be confessing to this stranger.  She certainly didn’t want to say anything about the Lord Admiral.  She didn’t know whom she could trust.
  Saying her name would give her away completely.  She spoke Est with an accent, so the woman must know she wasn’t a local.  But she didn’t necessarily know Eva was an alien.
  It felt strange to think of herself as an alien.  She thought of everyone around her as the aliens, when she thought about it all, but she was the alien here.  The stranger from another world.  The ultimate foreigner.
  A foreigner, an alien, with a mission.
  She wasn’t getting very far very fast.
  She debated telling the severe woman that Visitor had called her ‘Three’, but she was pretty sure numbers like that were reserved for criminals.
  Then she remembered their plan before they’d gone sailing.
  “The man I was with.”  She couldn’t call him Visitor here, either.  “He planned on designating me his Adjutant.”
  The severe woman’s eyes narrowed.
  “As if he didn’t have enough adjutants,” a familiar voice said from the doorway.  Visitor’s First Sister stood there, holding clothes.  She smiled, but the mocking tone in her voice disturbed Eva.  Eva smiled back anyway.
  First Sister came closer to the bed, moving around the severe woman, and gave Eva a hug.
  “You survived,” she said, sounding a little surprised.  “And you rescued my brother.  Thank you.”
  Something about her tone still bothered Eva.  Almost as if the woman were acting.
  Eva shook it off.  Probably the Hrwang meds.
  “You’re welcome,” she said, not sure about which formal reply to make.  Est had more phrase and tone inflections than English and not even sleep conditioning could teach her all of them.
  But First Sister smiled in response.
  “It will be difficult for you to masquerade as an adjutant,” the severe woman stated.  “You aren’t in any databases.  Biometrics will detect you instantly.”  She shook her head.  “It won’t work.”
  “That’s what I told him,” First Sister exclaimed.  “But he wouldn’t listen.”
  The severe woman nodded agreement.
  “But it’s better than no designation.”  She looked down, almost jealously, at Eva.  “Even bald and scarred, you are very pretty,” she said.  Eva estimated the woman to be in her early thirties, but her bearing was that of someone much older than her years.  The woman consulted her tablet.  “I will have you designated as his Twenty-seventh Adjutant, Special Attachment.  The last phrase is important.  It means that you won’t need confirmation by the Lord’s Chamber and there won’t be a full background check.  We wouldn’t be able to cover up that you are from a different world.  Also, you must avoid all biometric checks.  You can never unlock a door or enter a government building before those you are with.  The first person is always scanned.  The same with public transportation.”
  The woman already knew she was an alien.
  “Who are you?” Eva asked.
  “I am...”  She hesitated, looking at Visitor’s First Sister.  His sister shook her head.  The severe woman looked back down at Eva.  She stood straighter.  “I am the Lord Protector’s Second Adjutant.”
  Visitor’s First Sister frowned.
  “That sounds important,” Eva commented.  The Lord Protector’s Second Adjutant’s eyes narrowed again and she pulled her tablet closer to her, holding it in front of her almost defensively.
  “And who’s Adjutant am I?” Eva asked.  It was time to find out who Visitor really was.
  The Second Adjutant looked at her quizzically, then turned to Visitor’s First Sister.
  “Aliens don’t comprehend much, do they?” the Second Adjutant asked.  “She’s like a Rostarium.”
  Eva resisted the urge to lash out.  She lay in a hospital bed, probably wearing nothing more than a hospital gown, and she was attached to an IV.  She was helpless and defenseless.  Again.  Still.  Had been the entire time she’d been on Hrwang.
  She closed her eyes and breathed.  She couldn’t retaliate.  This woman was important.  She had to be nice to her.  She also didn’t want to offend Visitor’s First Sister.
  And the woman seemed to want to help her.
  But Hrwang could be insufferable.
  “I apologize,” Eva said, using the most formal apology she knew.  “Please explain, Lord Protector’s Second Adjutant.”
  The woman softened a little at the use of her designation.  Her arms relaxed and the tablet came away from her chest.  Eva detected a hint of a smile on her face.
  “Perhaps I should allow the Lord Protector himself to explain,” she replied.
  “I must go, Second Adjutant,” Visitor’s First Sister said, interrupting.  “These are here for you.  Let me know if you need anything else.”  She pointed at the clothes she’d brought for Eva.  Eva recognized the orange blouse and black trousers.  Great.  “Please let me know if anything changes in my brother’s status,” First Sister requested.
  Second Adjutant nodded and First Sister waved goodbye at Eva.  Eva couldn’t help the feeling that the woman was putting on a show.  Everything she did seemed and sounded sincere, but...
  How was Visitor doing?  She’d forgotten to ask.
  “How is her brother doing?”  Eva still didn’t know what to call him in front of this woman.
  “He’ll be fine.  He’ll have pneumonia-like symptoms for a few weeks, but he will recover.  He is grateful to you.  We all are.”  She smiled now.  “You’ll probably be able to go see him tomorrow.”
  “Where is he?”
  “Tomorrow.”
  The Lord Protector’s Second Adjutant laid her hand on Eva’s arm gently and smiled again.
  “You’ve had a harrowing experience.  You should rest and let the medical staff help you recover.”  She patted Eva’s arm.  “You really are pretty.  It’s a shame about that scar.  But your hair will cover most of it when it grows back.  Do you wear it long?”
  “I...” Eva started.  When she wasn’t looking in a mirror, it was easy to forget that she had no hair and a huge, square-shaped scar covering her head and part of her face.  She wanted to cry.  Her back was probably also scarred from the lashing.  Ruined by torture.  Her face was ruined as well.  Her womb was ruined.  Her brain was ruined.
  She was ruined.
  “Shoulder length, I suppose,” she replied, struggling to maintain a semblance of composure.
  “I guess all the men are quite taken with you.  Is that how you ended up with the former Lord Admiral?”
  Eva didn’t know if there was danger in the question.  Some of the most devilish, clever people come off innocent.
  “I’m tired,” she said, avoiding the question.  “I need that rest you suggested.”
  Maybe that would help the Second Adjutant not feel offended if her question had indeed been innocent.
  “Okay.  We’ll talk more tomorrow.”
  She patted Eva’s arm again and left, closing the door behind her.
  Eva looked at the orange and black outfit and thought about getting dressed.
  But she hadn’t been lying.  She was tired.
  She closed her eyes and laid her head back on her pillow.  As she fell asleep, she wondered how a woman in what was clearly a man’s world became a Second Adjutant to the Lord Protector of whatever it was he protected.

  A loud boom woke her up.
  The room shook.
  It was dark, the only visible light coming from the equipment monitoring Eva.  Sitting up nauseated her.  She lay back down.
  There was a second explosion.
  Knowing now that the first explosion hadn’t been her imagination, hadn’t been just the remnants of a nightmare about the meteor strike on Visitor’s island, made Eva instantly alert.
  She sat up again.  She had to get out of here.  She had to do something.
  Tubes tugged on her hand as she stood, and she reached down to inspect them.  She didn’t want to rip them out in case Hrwang IVs were inserted differently than human ones.  She pulled the tape up carefully and slowly extracted the needle from the back of her hand.
  She had to go to the bathroom.
  She shook her head in frustration.  Probably all of the liquid they’d been rehydrating her with.
  Free of the IV, she moved to the wall, out of the way of the door, and listened.  She heard nothing at first, but then she heard running.  Booted feet.
  She crouched against the wall.
  The boots passed.
  Hrwang hospital gowns were more humane that human ones.  They covered all of her, with velcro running down both sides so that doctors or nurses could open them up and have access to whatever part of her they needed.
  But they were modest.
  Still, she needed to change.  She might get away with running around the hospital in a gown, but if she had to flee the building, she would stand out.
  If she had to flee the building, where would she go?  She’d seen nothing but the top of the hospital when they’d led her out of the rescue vehicle.  And the tops of a lot of other tall buildings around her.
  She didn’t know how to find food, how to pay for it, where to hide, whom to trust.  She knew nothing.
  Some special agent.
  She felt the orange and black outfit on a bench by the wall.  She decided to leave them.  She wouldn’t be caught dead in those clothes.
  Which was probably how this was all going to turn out.
  “Quit being so fatalistic, Gilliam,” Mark told her.
  “You can do it, Eva.  You can do anything,” Juan added.
  Okay, imaginary friends.  Go away now.
  But she felt a little better.  She was alone, again, and in the dark, again, but she’d survived that a couple of times and she could survive this.
  She heard shooting, but muffled, like it was on a different floor.
  She suddenly wondered if they were coming for her.
  Who would be coming for her?  How would they know where she was?  She didn’t even know where she was.
  She wasn’t going to stick around to find out.  She crept to the door, wished it had a peep window, opened it a crack, and looked out.
  The hallway was empty.
  “Left or right, Gilliam?” she whispered to herself.
  She’d been too out of it to remember which way they’d brought her in, so she chose left.
  Being in the wide hospital hallway made her feel exposed, more exposed than a human hospital gown would have, and she moved quickly.
  Running on the tile in her bare feet reminded her of how much running she’d done barefooted lately, and she wasn’t happy.  She needed running shoes, a good MP23, and some real food.  A steak.  Then all would be well.
  She looked at the signs on the doors as she ran.  She couldn’t read them.
  She’d been studying the Hrwang alphabet on Earth, but although she could speak the language much more fluently now, thanks to the sleep conditioning, she still couldn’t read it any better.
  She didn’t want to take the time to sound out the words, either.
  She kept running.
  The explosions had been below her, but if she went up, she had no way to get off the building.
  Down was the only way out.
  She had to find stairs.
  Eva reached a corner and held up, creeping to the edge.  She peered around.  It was as empty as the corridor she was in, as if everyone had already evacuated.  Or were cowering in rooms.
  She saw a supply rack against the wall halfway down.  Hoping it had scrubs on it, or the Hrwang equivalent, she decided to head for it.
  It held something that looked like clothes; she couldn’t take the time to inspect too closely.  The corridor remained brightly lit.  No one had cut the power, and the light made Eva feel more vulnerable.  She had to get out of the open, but she also had to find a way down.
  She grabbed several sets, hoping she got something close to a size that would fit her.  She also saw what looked like surgical caps TV doctors wore.  She grabbed one of those.
  Muffled gunfire continued in the distance.
  Eva entered the next room on the right.  She sorted through the clothing and found pants.  She pulled them on under her gown and cinched them around her waist with the drawstring.  She rolled the cuffs up.  They’d do for now.
  She pulled the gown off her head and found the smallest shirt.  She put it on.
  “Are you a nurse?”
  Eva wheeled around, startled to see an old man hiding behind the hospital bed.
  “There’s people shooting out there,” he said.  “Are you here to rescue me?  How come you changed your clothes?  Not that I mind a young lady undressing, I mean, I shouldn’t say that.  My daughter would yell at me.”  He looked down at the floor, then back up at Eva.  He looked to be in his seventies.  “Are you here to rescue me?  I’m afraid.”  His eyes plead with Eva.
  “How do I turn the lights off?” she asked.
  He looked startled now.  He frowned at Eva.
  “Are you Rostarium?” he asked.  “You don’t sound Drobnin and you clearly aren’t Malakshian.  You’re not some lost islander, are you?”
  “Do you want to live?  How do I turn the lights off?”
  “You must be Rostarium.  I hear your things work differently than ours.  That’s why they only let a few of you come to our world.  No one wants you to learn how we do things.”
  Eva could no longer hear gunfire.  She tried to listen, but the old man wouldn’t shut up.
  “We send lots of our people to your world.  We learn all your things and buy your natural resources.  That’s why we’re so rich.  We don’t give you ours.  I probably shouldn’t tell you that, but you’re a smart girl.  You already know.  You’re not a nurse, are you?  You’re a patient like me.  Why did you change your clothes?”
  “I thought you were afraid,” Eva said.  “Tell me how to turn the lights off.  Then stay behind your bed.”
  “I’ll do it,” he replied.  He stood up and shuffled toward Eva.  She looked around the room.
  “You would be prettier if you let your hair grow.  Are all Rostarium women bald?  I’ve never seen a Rostarium before.  Are you here to marry the new Lord Protector of your world?  I always thought they took the prettiest ones.  You should eat more.  Your back is bony.  Men don’t find that attractive.”
  “Just turn the lights off and hide and keep quiet.”
  Nothing seemed helpful in the room, so she went into the bathroom and closed the door.  She inspected the handle for a few seconds, then pushed a button.  Hopefully it was the lock.
  “Don’t be in there long.  I’ll need it soon,” he yelled.
  Eva wanted to duct tape his mouth.
  She looked in the mirror.  She looked awful.
  The shirt hung too low on her.  If she hadn’t been malnourished, it would have been worse.  She put the surgical cap on and realized that it made her look too much like herself.  The baldness was as good as a disguise.
  She took the cap off.
  Looking up at the ceiling, she realized it looked false.  Most public buildings on Earth had false ceilings to hide ductwork.  Maybe she could hide up there.
  Of course, she couldn’t hide anywhere near the old man.  He’d give her away in a second.
  She stood up on the toilet seat and put her hands up to the ceiling.  She pushed.  The panel moved.  She rotated and tilted it, and pulled it out, setting it on the back of the toilet.
  The false ceiling supports wouldn’t be strong enough to carry her weight, but if she could see something that would allow her to pull herself up, she could climb.  She wished she had a flashlight.
  The muffled noises grew louder.  If she had to guess, someone was doing a room by room search.
  “Time to find a new hidey-hole, Miss Gilliam,” she whispered.
  She tugged on the panel frame and it felt stronger than she expected.  On Earth, they would never hold her, but the Hrwang were aliens.  They did things differently.
  She pulled harder, picking her feet up off the seat while she hung from the frame.  Surprised at its strength, she pulled herself up until she could get her elbows into the opening.
  “Someone’s in my bathroom.  Leave her alone.  I’m sure she’ll be out in a minute.  She’s alien, you know.  Rostarium.”
  The old man’s voice carried throughout the room and probably down the street and up a few blocks.
  Idiot.
  She squirmed up into the false ceiling and a panel gave way when she put her hand on it.  As long as she kept her weight on the frame, she’d be okay.
  Everything was dark.
  Which way to go?
  Someone pounded on the bathroom door.
  She moved spider-like in a direction perpendicular to the corridor she’d entered the old man’s room from.  If there were rooms on the other side of his, she could drop down into them and be in a completely different corridor than the one where people searched for her.  They’d have to run all the way around to get to her, and if she could find stairs first and get a decent head start, she might have a chance.
  The pounding grew more insistent.
  It hurt to crawl along the frame, the metal digging into her bare hands and feet.  She winced when she sliced her toe on a protruding screw.
  A loud gunshot encouraged her to move more quickly.
  The door burst open, men yelled, and Eva moved to the other side of a piece of equipment.  She held still.
  A light shone around the area between the false ceiling and the actual one, and a man cursed in Est.
  “Yes.  Of course she went into the bathroom,” the old man yelled.
  “I don’t see her,” a man shouted back, the sound of his voice stifled like he called down to someone else.
  Eva held her breath.  Would they believe the old man and keep pursuing her?
  The panel she’d had to leave on the toilet was a giveaway.  She had to assume the worst.
  She estimated the size of the old man’s room, looked at the panels in the light of the now unmoving flashlight, and decided she had to move at least three rows of panels before she could drop through to a different room.
  She couldn’t stay there long; they’d find her right away if she tried to hide in that room.
  She just had to make it to the stairs, and then down.  She said the Est word for ‘stairs’ in her head and pictured the letters.  Forming that image of the word, she tried to memorize it.  All she could do was run along the corridor and hope she saw it on a sign above a door.
  It was her only chance to escape.
  “Yes, sir,” the man’s voice yelled and Eva knew her hiding was over.  She moved slowly now along the frames, hoping to avoid making any noises that would give away the direction she was in.
  She heard the person searching for her cursing again.
  He wouldn’t be able to move much faster than she could once he figured out in which direction to follow her.
  But a bullet wouldn’t care.  He could shoot her from almost anywhere.
  Her heart pounding now, the futility of her presence on Hrwang stronger in her thoughts than ever before, she reached the target row of panels.
  She put her ear down to one to listen.
  The piece of equipment she’d hidden behind still blocked her from the searcher’s flashlight, and any potential bullets, so she continued to move quietly.
  She pushed her fingers into the side of the panel next to the frame, and tried to lift it.  It had been easier to push it up from the bottom.
  Fingers finally gained a purchase, and she picked the panel up and looked down.  The room below was the mirror image of the old man’s room.  She’d reached the other side of his wall.
  The man following her moved clumsily along the framework, cursing as he did so.  He’d soon reach the equipment that blocked his view of her.  Eva had to move quickly.
  She set the panel carefully to the side, hoping she could reach back up and pull it over in time.  She was over the bed.
  Grabbing both sides of the frame, she lowered herself down on the bed.
  “Hey!” a young voice cried out.  Eva looked down to see a girl lying on the bed.  She moved her feet to the side, letting go of the metal framework and dropping a few inches to the mattress.  She lost her balance and leaned to land on the bed and not the floor, trying not to land on the girl.
  “Hey!” the girl cried again.
  “Shush,” Eva said, realizing it was an English word, and not an Est one.  She hoped the girl got the idea.
  She reached up to put the panel back in place, but she’d fallen just far enough that it was out of reach.  It wouldn’t take her pursuer long to catch up.  Time to leave.
  She felt a tiny hand slap her leg.
  “Get off my bed!”
  She looked down at the child.
  “I apologize,” she said, then hopped down off the bed and sprinted for the door.  She never heard the girl’s reply.

  Eva could hear shouting in the distance from the new corridor she occupied.  She ran away from the sound, watching the signs over the doors she passed, hoping she’d mentally constructed the word for ‘stairs’ correctly.
  Halfway down the corridor, she saw a sign that started with the first two letters of the word for stairs, and she decided that was close enough.  She heard boots and yelling behind her, so she didn’t stop to look first.
  She crashed into the door and hoped for the best.
  She was stunned to see Visitor in front of her, heading down the stairs, just three stairs below the landing.  His arms were pinned behind his back and three battered-looking soldiers escorted him, two to his side and one in front of him.
  Eva rushed the two soldiers, catching them off guard and shoving them down the stairs.  Visitor followed her lead, pushing against the soldier in front.  The soldier caught the railing and Eva lashed out with a devastating kick to his jaw.  He fell backwards.
  “Go!” Eva screamed and grabbed Visitor’s arm, pulling him back up the stairs.  He yelled against tape on his mouth.
  “What?” she cried.  She didn’t have much time before one of the soldiers at the bottom of the stairs recovered and began shooting.  Visitor began running up the stairs.
  Eva followed.
  Up a flight of stairs, temporarily out of weapon’s range, he stopped.  Eva ripped the tape off his mouth.
  “We have to go all the way to the top,” he cried and started running again, moving awkwardly up the stairs with his arms still cuffed behind him.
  “What’s happening?” she cried after him.
  “They’re trying to kidnap me.”  He panted as he ran, stumbling on a stair.  Eva caught him, linking one arm through his and steadying him.
  “Thank you,” he huffed.
  “Why are soldiers trying to kidnap you?” Eva asked at the next landing.
  “It’s complicated,” he replied and continued upward.
  Eva needed to focus on running with him.  Answers could come later.
  Going up the stairs was more difficult than she would have thought.  She was out of shape.  Too much abuse.  Too much mistreatment.  Not enough exercise.
  The stairs continued endlessly, but she couldn’t hear a pursuit.  If only they could get a long enough lead.
  Visitor stumbled and Eva caught him.
  “Is there any way to get these cuffs off?” she asked.
  “A sonic knife.  Or convincing the soldier with the key to unlock me.”  He spoke hoarsely, out of breath.  “Or an industrial cutter.  Someone will be able to get them off me once we are safe.”
  “How much higher?” Eva asked, looking up.  There was no gap between the stairs that let her see how many more flights they might have to climb.  Good thing, she thought.  Their pursuers wouldn’t know where they were either.
  “I don’t know,” he replied.
  They heard a door slam open.
  Respite over.
  Eva grabbed his arm and they began back up the stairs as quickly as they could, Visitor with his arms cuffed behind him, Eva in bare feet.  They’d never stay ahead.
  She thought bitterly that her pursuers could just take an elevator up and get in front of them.  Maybe she and Visitor could find an empty floor and move to a different set of stairs to throw them off.  Maybe she could find an elevator; Visitor would know how to use it.  Unless the elevators were out.
  It was hard to assess a strategy while trying to keep him moving.  She lost focus for an instant and kicked the bottom stair of a new flight.
  Hard.
  She fell to the stair.
  “Are you okay?”
  “Keep moving.  I’ll catch up.”
  They looked at each other a moment.
  “Go!” she ordered.  She looked away from him down the stairs.  She didn’t know how far below pursuers were, but it couldn’t be too far.
  She heard Visitor continue up the stairs.
  She stood and put weight on her foot and had to bite back a cry of pain.  She’d broken her toe.
  She was never going to run barefoot again.  She’d just have to wear shoes everywhere from now on.
  Eva moved around the corner of the stairs, on the lower steps, just out of sight of anyone coming up from below.  If she was going to die on this planet, it might as well be now.  She could surprise the following men and give Visitor a little more time to escape.
  She didn’t know why she wanted to sacrifice herself for him, but it somehow felt like the right thing to do.  Since he’d freed her from prison, he and his family and servants had helped her.  Others had been appreciative that she’d saved his life; he was important to them.
  She waited, hoping Visitor had kept going, not stopping to wait for her.  She couldn’t hear him. She tensed when she heard boots on the steps below.  Everything was happening too quickly.  She didn’t have time to think.
  Just react.
  The lead soldier came around the landing and never expected her.  She exploded into him, shoving him backwards into the soldiers behind him, and several fell backwards.  She ducked back into cover and a hail of bullets burst into the wall at the top of the landing.  Grenades would be next, and it would be all over.
  See you later, Juan, she thought.  I coulda used you today.
  “Halt!” an authoritative voice shouted and the gunfire stopped.  “She’s bald!”
  Hrwang don’t shoot bald women?
  Eva almost laughed.
  “Come out!  You won’t be harmed.”
  Eva looked back up the stairs.  If she could buy a little more time for Visitor...
  “How do I know that?” she yelled back.
  The voice yelled in English now.
  “Are you woman hails from California from New Israel world planet?”
  Eva grinned as she parsed his bad English.  She thought that meant her.  How many Hrwang knew anything about California.  Had she even said anything about it to Visitor?  Of course, he’d said his world knew a lot about her, even caricaturing her in their press.  Perhaps they’d tortured the Lord Admiral for the information.
  That thought made her feel a little better.
  “That’s me,” she yelled back in English.
  “Do you understand my language?” the voice called out in Est.  He was clearly uncomfortable with his English.
  “Moron!  Wasn’t I yelling at you in Est earlier?” She shouted in English.  Then she yelled simply, “Yes,” in Est.  Hopefully he didn’t know what ‘moron’ meant.
  “Come out!  You won’t be harmed.”
  Eva stood, favoring her foot with the broken toe, and lifted her hands above her head.  She hobbled slowly out from her cover to see a group of soldiers at the bottom of the stairs holding weapons on her.  One’s face was covered in blood from a broken nose.  Their commander stood just behind the first row of crouching men.
  “You are New Israeli?”
  Visitor had told her that the Lord Admiral had renamed her world ‘New Israel’.  Not every world could be called Earth, he’d said, and Hrwang was simply the word for ‘Earth’ in Est.  The victors of every conflict named their new possessions, if they so chose.  Why should the Hrwang be different?
  “Yes,” she finally answered.
  He breathed a sigh of relief.  She wondered why he thought she wasn’t lying.
  “Weapons down.  Lady, we are to escort you, if you will come with us.  You are not a prisoner.”
  A few soldiers looked at her murderously and she wondered about the commander’s assertion, but she decided going with them was her best option for now.  It would give Visitor more time to escape.  Plus, she wasn’t going to get far on a broken toe.  She might as well request treatment from them.  And proper clothes.
  And shoes.
  Eva wanted shoes.
  She couldn’t remember wearing shoes for more than a few minutes since she’d landed on this forsaken world.  If she found a good pair of running shoes, she’d never take them off again.
  “Okay.  I’ll go with you.”  She nodded to the commander.  He returned her nod.


13





  A soldier injected Eva with a painkiller, and she hobbled with the men up several flights of stairs.  The commander assisted her.
  She thought the men had been chasing Visitor.  Maybe they had, but somehow they knew her and decided she was a more important target.  It was clear to her that the situation was confused.  She’d need time to figure things out.
  Visitor had told her once that there were Hrwang who wanted to tear her limb from limb.  The harsh jeering at her flogging made her agree.  She hoped the men she was with didn’t belong to that faction.
  The soldier on point raised his arm.  Everyone stopped.
  He took out a tiny device that he snaked through the door frame.  Another soldier looked at his tablet and nodded.
  The point man opened the door.
  Eva was jealous.  She wanted one of those.
  They moved quickly down the corridor.  With the pain meds, Eva was able to put weight on her foot, but she still didn’t move as fast as she should.  The commander stayed by her side, holding her arm with his left hand and his weapon with his right.  He still looked concerned.  Whatever fighting had been going on below them wasn’t finished yet, although Eva hadn’t heard shooting for a few minutes.
  They reached the end of the corridor and stopped again at the intersection.  The scope came out, the man with the tablet froze, and the commander released Eva.  He moved slowly to the soldier with the tablet.
  No one else made a sound.
  He waved what Eva took to be a warning, then she heard a clattering metal sound.
  Eva dove.
  Others dove for cover also, but there was no cover in the open corridor other than each other, and the soldiers closest to the grenade took the brunt of the blast.
  Eva was flung backwards, another soldier smashed against her.
  Most of him lay on top of her when they stopped moving.
  Her ears rang.
  Blood dripped on the floor by her face, but she couldn’t feel any injuries.  The soldier who’d been between her and the blast had fared significantly worse.  He’d looked at the grenade as it exploded and the shrapnel had pulped his face.  More shrapnel had shredded his uniform and his body.  Eva had been directly behind him.
  Three more explosions followed and she put her head down behind her dead protector.  She felt the floor rock, but didn’t feel a blast.
  She looked up and saw two young soldiers from the squad with her throwing grenades down both sides of the intersection.  They ducked for cover and there were two more explosions.  They leaned back out into the corridor and opened fire with the small, handheld Hrwang pistols, but the return fire was more than they had anticipated.  They both ducked back into cover.
  Eva grabbed the weapon from the dead soldier who had shielded her.  She ran to the wall to her left and crept up to the soldier who’d thrown the grenades.  He looked at her and Eva knew he was terrified.  Most of his squad was dead or severely injured and he had no idea how many enemy they faced.
  And he looked young.  Probably just a private.
  Eva tried to give him a reassuring look.
  “That won’t work for you,” he said.
  She shook her head.
  “We just have to think...” she started, but he interrupted.
  “No.  The gun.  You’re not in our squad.  It won’t work for you.  The grenades won’t either.  Wait.  Can you throw a grenade?”
  Eva wished Juan were with her.
  “Yes,” she said.
  “I don’t care why.  I’ll activate, you throw them.  You’ll have...” and he used a measurement of time Eva didn’t understand.  Probably not long, she assumed.  She looked across the hallway and the second soldier engaging the enemy had pulled back from the intersection.  If anybody came up that side, she’d be a sitting duck.
  The young soldier got behind her and held out a grenade.
  “I activate it like this.”  His thumb went into a depression.  “You take it and throw it quickly, or put your thumb in the same spot and you have a few more...” and Eva didn’t know what that meant either.  She assumed seconds.
  She looked around at the remnants of the squad and she did not want one of the devices blowing up in her face.
  She nodded.
  He handed her the first grenade and she threw it down the corridor.  There were cries of anguish and another loud explosion.  Their enemy had attempted to close.
  She threw two more in rapid succession, then threw the next one he handed her down the other direction.
  “Good idea!”
  Her ears still rang, but he shouted and she could understand him.  She still didn’t feel any pain, but she saw a lot of blood on the scrubs she wore.  Maybe it belonged to the soldier who’d been flung against her and had taken the blast for her.
  The young soldier scavenged grenades from the dead and dying and Eva kept up a steady rain of them down both directions of the hallway.  The second soldier who’d initially thrown grenades down the hallway copied the first, and Eva wondered why she was the one doing the actual fighting.
  A thick haze filled the corridor and intersection, and she could hear fires burning in both directions.  She’d thrown at least ten grenades down the corridor on her side and three down the other.  There must not have been as many attackers in that direction.
  The two soldiers each readied grenades and she pointed down the far hallway, only taking one of the weapons.  The other soldier understood.  He lobbed his down the opposite side and Eva moved into the open just enough to get a good follow through on her throw.  They both ducked back into cover.
  After the twin explosions, no one returned fire.
  “There either back in cover, or they’re all dead,” she screamed.  She felt like she could barely hear her own voice.  One of the soldiers nodded understanding.  The other didn’t.  “Where were we going?” she cried.
  The first young soldier pointed in the direction that they’d thrown fewer grenades.
  “To a platform at the end,” he yelled back.
  Eva wished she knew the layout of the hospital.  If they simply made a run for it, they’d be exposed the entire length until they got to the platform, which she had to assume was at the end of the corridor.  She wondered what waited on the platform.
  They could try to go up over the false ceiling, like she had done earlier, but that would be too slow.  She needed a better plan.
  Their attackers must have been relying on surprise.  They’d only thrown one grenade.  They must not have had any more.
  Why would they only have one grenade?  The Hrwang soldiers Eva was with were loaded.
  Irregulars.
  The soldiers they were fighting were irregulars.  Not sufficiently armed for this sort of combat.  Which meant they were probably far down the hallway rather than dead.  They were less likely to take risks than professionals.
  But she still didn’t have time to sit around and plan.
  The soldiers with her seemed to agree.  They watched her eagerly for instructions but also grew agitated while she tried to figure things out.
  “Listen,” she shouted.  “Two hands, two guns.  Capiche?”  She knew they wouldn’t understand the last word, but they got the idea when she mimed firing two guns, one in each hand.  They both nodded.  “Two grenades.  This way.”  She pointed in the direction the main attack had come from.  “Two guns backward.  Two guns forward.  We run.  Fast, fast, fast.”
  They nodded again, clearly terrified.
  But sticking around wasn’t going to save their lives.  They wanted to get to whatever was on that platform and other than stripping their comrades for weapons, they didn’t seem too concerned about leaving them behind.
  The three got ready, then Eva saw the commander stand.  He was missing part of an arm, but his uniform had sealed over the wound.  Cool trick.
  But now she’d have to drag him along like she’d dragged Visitor up the stairs.
  She wished again that she had shoes.  She even debated taking a pair of boots off a dead soldier, but that was outside the realm of what she was willing to do at the moment.
  Besides, she reminded herself, they didn’t have much time before the enemy they fought regrouped and tried again.
  The soldiers each activated a grenade, and Eva took one in each hand, holding her thumbs on the parts that kept them from detonating.
  She couldn’t throw with her left hand to save her life, which is what she needed to do at the moment.  If she had thrown a grenade with her left hand in front of Mark, he would have accused her of throwing like a girl.  She would have countered with the names of several girls who could throw a softball eighty-five to ninety miles per hour.
  Unfortunately, she wasn’t one of them.
  Instead of trying to throw it overhand, she was just going to lob the grenade in her left hand as far as she could, hoping to keep anyone’s head down who wasn’t already dead, dying, or hiding in a room.
  She hoped there weren’t any patients still on this floor or the one above.
  She wondered how much damage to the building infrastructure had already occurred.  The grenades were small, designed for close quarters combat, but the hospital wasn’t a bunker.  There had probably been quite a bit of damage already done to the building on their floor.
  Eva counted on it.
  She looked at both men, giving them a signal.  The thought crossed her mind that they didn’t seem to have too much trouble taking orders from a woman.  She remembered the Lord Protector’s Second Adjutant and she realized that women weren’t as subservient on Hrwang as the Lord Admiral had led her to believe.
  She dismissed the thought quickly, put her game face on, and screamed as she ran out into the intersection, lobbing the grenade in her left hand as far as she could.  She ducked into cover on the other side and the small bomb exploded.  She darted back into the intersection and threw the grenade in her right hand, but instead of trying to get it to go as far as she could, she threw it up into the damaged false ceiling she’d seen on her first pass.
  “Now!” she cried and ran straight for the commander.
  One of the soldiers followed her, running half backwards, guns blazing behind him.  He probably hit the wall more than anything else, but his shooting only needed to keep people’s heads down so they wouldn’t shoot back.  Eva reached the commander, grabbed his good arm, and started pulling the dazed man along with her.  The second soldier passed them and fired blindly ahead.
  Twenty feet down the corridor, Eva’s second grenade blew and she stumbled forward, but kept going.  The building shook with the blast, then shook again.
  That part of the hospital had finally sustained enough abuse.
  Load bearing beams gave way and Eva heard rending metal over the gunfire of her companions.  If that didn’t keep her attackers off her back...
  The soldier firing behind them swore and stopped firing.
  “Run!” he yelled.
  The building shuddered, the floor buckled a little, and Eva went down when the commander stepped on her broken toe.  Not even Hrwang medicine was enough to keep her from crying out in agony.
  A soldier gathered her under her arms and dragged her until she was able to run on her own.  The other soldier helped his commander, still firing ahead with one gun.
  When the pain subsided enough that Eva could see, she watched every room to make sure no one lay in wait in any of them.  They’d already passed a handful of bodies.  None had been in uniform, but they’d had weapons.
  The building stopped shaking.  Whatever part of the upper floor Eva had brought down on their floor was finished collapsing.  Hopefully it bought them enough time.
  The corridor stretched on forever and then they were at the end of it.  The soldier helping Eva broke away from her and crashed through the emergency exit door.  Eva saw a Hrwang combat craft floating in the air at the end of a large, metal grate.  She ran across the metal toward into the open hatch without worrying about who was in the craft.
  She stumbled and fell.
  The grating wasn’t designed for bare feet, and the toe she’d injured twisted painfully in an opening.  She fell to her hands and knees and saw below her.
  The ground looked miles away.
  The hospital skyscraper she stood on the outside of was so massive she couldn’t believe the entire building was all hospital.  There had to be more.  A hospital couldn’t be that huge.
  She looked around and saw many similar skyscrapers.
  Shots slammed into the now closed emergency exit door behind them and the soldier dragging his commander along kicked Eva.  It hurt, but it worked.  She crawled the rest of the way to the waiting combat craft and hands reached her and dragged her inside.  She decided she should probably just stay in one of these things.  Nowhere else felt safe on Hrwang.
  There were no medics on this craft, though.
  “Is this all?” a soldier cried.
  “Go!” the commander yelled, slumping to the decking next to Eva.  He looked at her and nodded briefly before passing out.

  Traveling with the Hrwang still disconcerted Eva.  Outside the hospital had been cold, but as she was helped out of the combat craft only minutes later, the weather had changed to warm and mildly humid.  Trees she could see in the distance looked sparse, like palm trees, and reminded her of parts of Southern California.
  Someone dressed in white brought her a wheelchair and she sat in it with relief.  It also gave her a chance to look around as he pushed her away from the craft.
  During training, she and the other recruits had made several flights on military aircraft.  What she saw now reminded her of those times.
  Flight line operations.
  Men in a variety of uniforms, pilots, soldiers, and technicians, with medics among them, scurried around a large concrete runway.  Combat aircraft landed and were serviced, soldiers loading and unloading them.  Takeoffs for the Hrwang were simpler than for human aircraft.  Everyone not going with the craft scattered, the engines cycled up, and the craft disappeared.
  Eva counted twelve to fifteen combat craft being serviced at that moment, but as soon as one left, another arrived.  It seemed to her like too much activity for normal peacetime operations, but then, she told herself, it could simply be a hub.  Certain bases on Earth were extremely busy during peacetime.
  Had been.
  Before the Hrwang arrived.
  She noted anti-aircraft installations surrounding the flight line, the weapons similar to the ones she saw around Griffith Observatory and Hearst Castle.  Not many, not obtrusive, but there.
  “Where am I?” she asked, trying to sound innocent and sweet.
  “On your way to receive treatment for your injuries,” the medic wheeling her replied.
  That wasn’t helpful, she thought.  She folded her arms and watched the concrete go by under her wheelchair.  Nothing made sense to her.  Her rescue from the prison, the meteor strike on Visitor’s island, the attack on the hospital and her rescue from it by soldiers she had thought were attacking it.
  Nothing added up.
  She wanted answers.
  Arriving in a treatment station, Eva was helped up onto a hospital bed.  An IV was inserted and she started to feel better immediately.  A portable device was wheeled over and used to examine her.  Everything was performed quickly and impersonally.  Examine.  Diagnose.  Write on a tablet.  Adjust her IV.
  Eva couldn’t have even been sure how many people treated her.  They were a blur of white coats and uniforms.
  Deciding to relax, Eva thought she may have fallen asleep.  She became aware of a calm around her.  The medical staff must have finished their administrations and moved on.  She kept her eyes closed.  Sleep might be best.  It aided recovery.
  Sounds around her became more distant.
  A hand suddenly rested on her arm, bringing her back to a more wakeful state.  She opened her eyes and who she saw brought her to a high state of alertness.
  The intense stare.  The patronizing look.  The emaciated face, not as thin as hers, but narrow and wan from the treatment they had both endured.
  His smile.
  Part smirk.  Part genuine.
  His hand squeezed her arm as she looked up at him and his smile grew.  His eyes watered a little.
  “You look terrible, my dear.  But it’s still so good to see you,” the Lord Admiral said.
