Evaluations of the Tribe
by Raphyel M. Jordan

* * * * *

Copyright © 2013 by Raphyel M. Jordan

Smashwords Edition, License Notes
Thank you for downloading this free ebook. You are welcome to share it with your friends. This book may be reproduced, copied and distributed for non-commercial purposes, provided the book remains in its complete original form. If you enjoyed this book, please return to Smashwords.com to discover other works by this author. Thank you for your support.

All rights reserved. No part of this book may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means, electronic or mechanical, including photocopying, recording, or by any information storage or retrieval system, without permission in writing from the copyright owner.

This is a work of fiction. Names , characters, places and incidents either are the product of the author’s imagination or are used fictitiously, and any resemblance to any actual persons, living or dead, or locales is entirely coincidental.

This book was created in the United States of America.

* * * * *

READ THE NEXT STORY FOR FREE
Subscribe to Raphyel M. Jordan’s Newsletter to find out what happens immediately after “Evaluations of the Tribe” by getting a free download of “Prossia : Book 1.”

Don’t Miss Out On Jordan’s Current & Future Novels
Prossia - the follow up to Evaluations of the Tribe
Prossia Revolution - You definitely don’t want to miss out on that one!

Subscribe To the Newsletter
Stay Up To Date On Raphyel M. Jordan’s latest news and get exclusive content and goodies at RaphyelMJordan.com

Follow Jordan on the web
     

* * * * *

“The test of courage comes when we are in the minority. The test of tolerance comes when we are in the majority.” Ralph W. Sockman





Chapter 1
“I would kill a thousand Cyogen, if they were still alive,” five-year-old Catty proclaimed, after leaving the storyteller’s campfire.
“Truly, you must think you are invincible, now that you can control your being,” Aly said.
Catty held out her green palms, examining her hands. She flexed her six fingers – three on each hand, along with a thumb – and stretched them out as far as she could. Atoms between her palms reacted to the energy the Goolian creature created. Protons and electrons spun faster until the simplest of elements, hydrogen, absorbed more fuel. When the reaction reached its peak, a tiny yellow ball of energy formed between Catty’s palms.
The sphere’s glow reflected in Aly’s bright gray eyes; which were dangerously piercing ; the only things that could possibly outshine the yellow ball’s brilliance. Planet Gooliun’s moon couldn’t do any better, even when it was full, like it was that night around the campfire. Aly studied the ball of energy – what Goolians called “inner being” – with excitement and anticipation.
“I cannot wait until I can do such things,” she confessed, shying away from the spectacle with a step back. “Truly, you make it seem so easy. How does it feel?”
She put her hands out the way Catty did and pushed. Nothing happened, so she shrugged and put her arms back down.
Catty examined her ball of energy. “It be a hard thing to explain. It is as if I could have done it forever, yet I am only now able to do so. I suppose it is like walking or talking, yes?”
Aly shook her head. “Nay, I mean how does it feel? The feeling of channeling?”
“Oh, that!” Catty lifted her hands and the being sphere ascended. “There be a tingle of sorts on the tips of your fingers. My entire arm goes numb, and then I feel as if every part of me is flowing toward my palms. And when I feel I have channeled enough, I simply push, like this.”
“Uh oh.” Aly twirled a finger around one of the ten tentacles – what Goolians called “tents” for short – protruding from her head. She looked around. Everyone else outside the temple grounds was too occupied with dancing and laughing to notice what Catty was doing. “You shall get into trouble if you fire.”
“I know, yet I feel as if I already put too much energy into the charge,” Catty said through her teeth as the ball got bigger. “Thus I do not know how to be rid of it. Fret not. I shall make it quick.”
“Catty, I beg, do not––”
The yellow ball crackled loudly as it flew away into the air. Since the beam was weak, it only flew a few meters before it disintegrated. Aly backed away from Catty, noting that everyone’s chatter had stopped. She didn’t even bother looking around to see if people were looking at the two of them. Why wouldn’t they be?
“I told you,” she said.
“Cattalice the Younger,” a voice called out.
Even though that wasn’t her full name, Aly winced as much as Catty did. They both turned around and saw Catty’s father looking over people so he could glare at his Little One.
“Apologies, Pappai,” Catty said as the chatter gradually went back to normal.
“And how many times were your mammai and I to tell you this prior to our arrival at the festival?” Catty’s pappai asked as he approached her. “No shooting. The other Little Ones are out in the fields playing mahu. Perhaps you and Aly should do the same, yes? Aly, I beg, try and keep your friend out of trouble, very good?”
Aly bowed her head. “Very good, Lord Quongun.”
Catty slapped her on the arm and took off. Aly’s jaw dropped.
“Mahu,” Catty said as she ran. “You be it!”
“No fair!” Aly ran after her,  switching to all fours so she could catch up.

Quongun chuckled as he headed back to the other two Goolians he had been talking to.
“Apologies. Little Ones still think inner being is a toy at that age, apparently.”
“Such an embarrassment,” a young and lovely female in her late sixties said as she rubbed her head. Like Quongun, her green skin was as fair as a Little One’s, whereas other Goolians were a darker green, thanks to the numerous days of toiling in the fields beneath the suns. “Why can that one not do as she be told?”
“She only be five years old, Cattalice,” Quongun insisted.
“And what of it?” Cattalice asked, brushing one of her orange tents off her shoulder. “Other Little Ones seem better behaved. Why can she not mirror Aly’s image? Surely, she does not cause you too much stress, Teacher.”
The third Goolian tilted his head when Cattalice the Elder used that title. He looked slightly older than the other two. His tents were blue and he even had some on his chin; a prominent feature for males. Regardless, he was as well built as the other Goolians, due to their lifestyle. He cleared his throat and waited.
“Oh, apologies.” Cattalice laughed. “I mean, Master Shanvi.”
“No worries,” Shanvi said. “I only retired from being the sparring priest a mere week ago. Thus, I am sure you shall not be the last to call me by the title. Be that as it may, I am sure every child has a pro and con, just as any other living creature.”
“True, yet I am already looking forward to the Evaluations,” Cattalice said. “Truly, I could use a break from that silly one.”
Shanvi laughed. “I beg! Do not long for such times so quickly, Mastra. They be only five, yet you speak of events that are years from now. Are we not simply honoring this generation with a festival for the new school year? Truly, I am in no hurry to honor them with a festival for the Evaluations. Much more shall be at stake by then. One day at a time.”
“You speak well, Master,” Quongun said. “And you still offer insight, even when you are not at the sparring grounds.”
“Indeed,” Cattalice said. “Truly, I hope the new Teacher is just as cherished as you.”
Shanvi rubbed the back of his head. “You speak too highly of me, dear Mistress.”
“And speaking of cherished,” Quongun said. “I take it the building process of the bakery is coming along, yes?”
“It is. The carpentry priests shall be presenting the layout at my hut in the morrow. These are exciting times, indeed. Truth’s Grace has favored the tribe greatly.”
“Indeed, it has. Regardless, if there be any concerns on your end, do not hesitate to let one of us know, very good?”
“Truly,” Cattalice said, agreeing. “We can extend some extra hands from the fields if need be.”
Shanvi placed a hand on his chest. “And thus, Truth’s Grace has also favored the tribe with an honorable lord along with his mate. Be that as it may, I am sure such a request shall not be necessary. Yet, you have my thanks for the offer. And beyond this, my eyes are not keen in regards to architecture. Why, I still find it hard to believe that my tiny hut that houses Aly and I shall sit thirty or more people within several weeks.”
Quongun paused and rubbed his tentacle-free chin, still being too young to have any facial ones. “Indeed. I shall love to see that phenomenon as well. Until then, let us speak with the rest of the community. And I think I saw the drummers setting up not long ago.”

Aly, Catty, and many of the other Little Ones came back from the fields when they heard Goolian drums booming in the night breeze moments later. They both danced with their pappais, which mainly consisted of Quongun and Shanvi swinging the giggling mastras around until a dance line was formed.
“Watch where you step, Aly,” an older child told the Little One when she tried to get into the line. “You be too tiny for this. Move along.”
“Oh. Apologies.” Aly stepped back as the bigger Goolians enjoyed themselves. She looked around to see if any of the other Little Ones were nearby and felt out of place when she realized that even Catty had left to get her face wiped by her mother.
The Little One went over to one of the vacant wooden benches nearby and sat. People passed her by without a second thought. Some of the other Little Ones dashed away, squealing and laughing while playing mahu. She hoped one of them would stop and ask if she wanted to join them, but the opportunity came and went too many times to her liking. And Aly couldn’t possibly ask them out of her own will. Sure, with her Kutenbriun Tribe only consisting of three thousand people, she knew everyone, but that still didn’t mean she couldn’t be shy.
Shanvi approached the Little One moments later. “Dearest, why the frowning grimace? Do you not want to play mahu with the others?”
“Truly, yet I was not invited.”
“Do not be silly, Alytchai.” Shanvi sat down beside her. “How are they to know that you want to play if this one does not say so?”
Aly shrugged and sat quietly. She scooted over to Shanvi and yawned as she leaned on him.
“Tired?” her pappai asked.
She shook her head and wiped her eyes.
“Perhaps we best set for home, yes?” Shanvi said. “The morrow shall be a grand day for you indeed, since it shall be your first day of schooling.”
“If it be your wish, Pappai.” Aly got up and stretched. 
“Goodness. Truly, you best not grow up too quickly on me, very good? Now, off we go.”
Aly was carried down the street by her pappai after he said his goodbyes on their behalf. She told him he didn’t need to carry her anymore since she was a “big mastra now” three blocks ago, but her body apparently thought otherwise.
The Little One heard him laugh when she jerked away and looked around the neighborhood, baffled that she had the audacity to fall asleep.
“Hello again,” Shanvi said, still walking. “And this one decides to grace us again. You be tired. You may go back to sleep if you like.”
“Nay.” The Little One tried to cut off another yawn. “I am awake. If I may, could I look at the stars from the roof upon our arrival back home?”
“You may not. You are to take your bath and head straight to bed. Fret not. The stars are not to go anywhere. At least, not in our lifetimes.”
“What does this one mean by this?”
 “Stars can live for hundreds of millions of... Oh. On the second thought, perhaps it be best to keep such an explanation for a better time. Beyond this, you shall learn of such things in school soon enough. Speaking of which, you are excited for the morrow, yes?”
“Indeed, I am. I shall learn how to use my being.”
“Nay, silly,” Shanvi said, chuckling. “Such a thing shall come naturally soon enough. What of learning how to farm? Or perhaps becoming a merchant? Or maybe this one shall serve as a holy priestess at Truth’s Grace temple?”
Aly thought her options over and giggled at her own genius. “I shall learn to be the tribe’s field lord, like Lord Quongun, and be rich enough to buy whatever I wish.”
Shanvi laughed as he set Aly down. He walked her down the street, hand in hand, shaking his head.
“I fear that occupation is not for you. Such a calling is reserved to that family’s lineage. Thus Catty shall be field lord when she is old enough.”
“Yet what if I can do a better job?”
“Aly, what did we say in regards to selfishness?”
The Little One covered her mouth, embarrassed. “The good of the tribe comes prior to one’s self. There be nothing beyond the tribe.”
“Exactly. Truth’s Grace has a place for us all, and while some may know their places sooner than others, it is our responsibility to find our own worth for the sake of contributing to the greater good.”
Aly didn’t really understand the logic, but she nodded all the same. She gasped when she got another idea, and squeezed Shanvi’s hand to get his attention.
“I shall become a priest of bakery, like you, Pappai.”
“Very well,” Shanvi said, blinking his eyes as they watered up. “Then again, perhaps you may be the tribe’s next sparring priest as I was prior, yes? I suppose we can make any occupation our own lineage, if we like.”
Aly frowned and kicked a rock that was in the way.
“If I may, I do not have much interest in being a sparring priestess, Pappai. I know the martial arts are of importance, yet I do not have a great deal of passion for them.”
“Oh, all right.” Shanvi rubbed the mastra’s head. “This one can be whatever she wishes... Well, beyond being the overseer or lord, of course. You shall be a baker, then. Truly, that be a noble lifestyle, as well. To feed the tribe with desserts and other goods is honorable, indeed.”
“What? Nay. I merely want to be a bakery priestess so I can eat all the sweets I desire.”
Shanvi rubbed his face with a hand, reminding himself that he was talking to a five-year-old. So much for “the greater good.” She’d have to learn that in her own time, and that learning started tomorrow.

* * *

The first day of school came and went, and Aly was already walking under Gooliun’s evening suns. She was in her workout attire, a brown top and shorts, ready to better her chances with some of the items she learned hours ago. That morning, she and Catty had skipped and laughed on the way to the tribe’s sparring grounds. And now that the regular hours had come and gone, every step was passive, required, embarrassing.
Rays of sunlight poked through the tall oak trees in the form of yellow streams of light. A furry six-legged mammal scuttled by the Little One’s feet as she pressed through the thick brushes. The sparring grounds had a path that led straight to it, but Aly didn’t want anybody to see her come back, even though the tribe’s new sparring priest encouraged anyone that wanted extra help during the afterhours to return later.
She came upon an open area, one of several designated for sparring grounds. Aly pushed the last set of branches out of her way and her feet landed on grass that was shorter than the grass she just walked through. She looked up, examining old trees surrounding the area and noting the carved marks in their trunks that designated how high people her age were allowed to climb.
A young Goolian male, roughly in his eighties, was packing brown bags with sparring equipment when Aly showed up. His ear twitched, but he didn’t bother looking at her since he heard her coming twenty seconds ago, as Goolians had heightened hearing. He had tied his turquoise tentacles back with the side tents protruding in front of his ears. His chin was growing tents as well, but they weren’t anywhere as long as Shanvi’s, since he wasn’t as old. Regardless, the master’s physique was lean and athletic, like Shanvi’s and every other Goolian.
“Ah, there you be, Little One.” The Goolian kept packing.
Aly didn’t say a word, but laid her blue robe and the pouch holding her school belongings against a tree. 
“Truly, I was in hopes of your return, dearest,” the Goolian said. “And a high mark, indeed! For you have first arrived!”
Aly rubbed her green, sweaty palms into the old blue fabric of her shorts, still not saying anything. She stared at the sparring priest’s wrapped legs and feet as he squatted down to her eye level. 
“You did enjoy the rest of your first day of school, yes?” he asked. “Truly, attending the learning boards with Master Slew was a great deal of fun, following today’s sparring sessions, yes?” 
Aly nodded as she twirled one of her side tents around her finger. She wasn’t as good at talking to other people, especially grown-ups, unless they were as close to her as Catty was. On top of that, her embarrassment over having to come back to practice took away the thrill of school hours. Not performing as well as expected during the class’ exercises had a way of doing that. The priest took the mastra by the hand and led her to a large circle made of brownish red dirt.
“Then let us not tarry with wasted time. We shall perform what you and the rest of the class did this morning, very good?”
“Very good, Teacher.”
Before Teacher could get Aly ready, they both paused upon hearing people coming from behind. Aly glanced up at Teacher, and could tell he had switched to infrared vision to confirm the estimate. Four other little Goolians came running down the path seconds later. They panted as they stopped to catch their breaths once they made it in front of Teacher.
“Apologies for the delay, Teacher,” Joquin said, bent over as he wiped his forehead.
“Now, masters and mastras, let us not make such habits with tardiness, yes?” Teacher said, not too harshly since he was talking to four- to- six-year-olds. “Truly, such delays shall fault your advances. Now, off with you silly lot. Alytchai has already gained a head start due to her early arrival.”
Aly raised a brow, noting that she hadn’t even started anything yet. Teacher winked at her before helping the others find a place to put their clothes and school bags. Joquin and the others wore attire similar to Aly’s. Their robes looked hand woven, thick and heavy with the smell of leaves from the old trees surrounding Kutenbrya. The clothing was supposed to be blue, but some of the brilliance in the hue was lost because their parents couldn’t afford to buy the higher quality dye. When they took the robes off, they straightened their workout attire.
“Oh, greetings, Mastra,” Joquin said to Aly after he finished changing and stood beside her.
“Greetings, Master.” Aly tried to hide her smile, but she was too happy to see other people come back to the sparring grounds after school. Still, she hoped someone in particular was also going to show up, but Aly should’ve known better. Her hopeful companion didn’t need extra training, from the looks of how well she had done during sparring sessions that morning.
“Hello!” Another voice suddenly rung in everyone’s ears.
The Goolians spun around and saw Catty skipping through the bushes. Her robe was more saturated in blue and lighter-looking in wear, compared to the clothing the rest wore. The material wasn’t thick or wooly like the others either, but was smooth and reflective, as if the fabric could shimmer in the evening sunsets.
Catty hopped to Aly’s other side and stretched. Teacher scratched between his tents, but Aly smiled from ear to ear.
“Truly, I was not to expect you, Mistress Cattalice the Younger,” Teacher said. “Why did you not––”
When the Little One stopped smiling, the older Goolian covered his mouth.
“Ah, apologies. You still prefer ‘Catty,’ yes?”
The mastra nodded happily.
“It is better this way, yes?” Teacher said. “Beyond this, I fear I’d grow tired of calling you by your full name.”
“I would say so, indeed,” Catty said. “Why, would you not––”
“Now, Little Mastra. Surely your parents have taught you better than this.”
Aly elbowed Catty in the side and the Little One rolled her almond-shaped yellow eyes as she bowed.
“Apologies for speaking prior to your approval.”
“Accepted.” Teacher pointed behind her. “Now, be quick and change, very good?”
Catty pulled her robe over her head, since her workout attire was underneath it. She kicked off her sandals and was about to toss her clothing away before Teacher rushed over and made her hand it to him since he didn’t want to get any gripes from Cattalice the Elder. 
“I was hoping you would come,” Aly said to Catty while Teacher put the robe away with the rest. “Yet there be no need for you to be here. Truly, you did great at sparring sessions today.”
“Indeed,” Joquin chimed in. “Why, I am to think you performed the best in class, Catty.”
Catty shrugged. “Perhaps. Yet were we not told to return if we sought extra training in our being?”
“Truly, yet I think Teacher meant the such for those who did not perform as well, yes?” Aly asked.
“Then perhaps I shall earn extra credit. Ooh! Or perhaps I can help you, Aly! This shall be fun, yes?”
“Well, I must say that practice shall be better now that you are here.”
“What?” Joquin acted hurt. “Yet I thought we were to be friends as well, Mastra.”
“Um, you are a lad, Master,” Aly said, as if that was all the explaining she needed to do. It apparently was, since Joquin nodded his head in a “fair enough” manner.
After everyone was in their workout attire, Teacher lined the Little Ones up single file.
“Now, before we begin, I think we best go over what we discussed this morning, yes? So, who shall tell me why we Goolians train in the art of combat?”
Every hand except Aly’s went up.
“Alytchai,” Teacher said. “Surely you must know this as well, yes?”
Aly made a mental note to raise her hand from now on even if she didn’t know the answer. People are apparently singled out if they don’t.
“Um, I...uh, is it not for the sake of defending our tribe?”
“Very good! Let us consider a greater depth of things while you lot are here, yes? And who is to give an example of why another tribe may attack us?”
Every hand shot up again, Aly’s included.
“Joquin?” Teacher said.
“Famine, Teacher?”
“Ah! A very good answer! Truly, a tribe may suffer bad fate from ill crops...or from ill greed altogether. Thus, planetary law declares that we train our Little Ones just in case such a setting arises. Beyond tending to our fields or serving in some form of priesthood, this shall be the greatest quality to have. As Goolians, we are to do these three: to fight, to learn, and to work. Beyond these, there is no greater form of servitude. There be nothing beyond the tribe.”
“There be nothing beyond the tribe,” the six Little Ones chanted.
Teacher smiled and nodded. “Very good. The lot of you already remember to recite the Tribal Tenet after I do. And thus, this shall serve as a segue to my next point. Little Masters and Mastras, training and learning to control your inner being are not for mere fun. Due to your age, your being is very weak and small, yet as you grow older, it shall become a very dangerous thing that may cause harm to others. So, we shall act as if our being is already a dangerous weapon used to honor and defend the tribe, very good?”
“Very good, Teacher.”
“Now, inner being is our ability to make pure energy in the form of plasma. We shall not get into the science of this now, since Master Slew shall explain such things during your learning sessions. What we shall discuss, however, is how it is to be an expression of one’s self, such is why we refer to these capabilities as ‘being.’ Not only is it a natural form of defense and an example of one’s inner self, yet it may also be seen as an extension of you, as well.”
“If I may, Teacher, what does extension mean?” Catty asked, raising a hand.
“Ah, a good question. Hmm, why not think of it as another part of what already is?  For being, though not a visual ligament such as a leg or arm, shows one’s own will of inner-control. For if one cannot control the inner soul, the inner soul shall not access the inner being.”
Some of the Little Ones scratched their heads at that last part. Aly didn’t follow the explanation that well either, but acted like she knew what Teacher meant since she didn’t want to look dumb. Besides, the Little Ones could care less about his lecture. They just wanted to learn how to shoot awesome fireballs out of their hands like the grown-ups.
Teacher made the Little Ones get into a basic forming stance: legs spaced out, fists chambered back a little above the hips, backs straight, feet pointing forward. Since he didn’t have to worry about the full-size class of thirty-two children, he took a little more time making sure everyone was in good form.
To their dismay, Teacher made the Little Ones spend more time on some breathing exercises he had taught them that morning. Half of them faked their breathing due to boredom, but Teacher thumped the fakers on the tips of their ears. When seven minutes passed, he finally gave the go-ahead for everyone to take ease and lined them back up in the basic emission stance, with arms extended and palms facing out.
“Let us see how we do, yes? Now, deep breaths. Good. Mind your forms. Very good.”
As the Little Ones breathed, bright markings on all of their faces and arms protruded out of their skin, like veins. The colors to the markings matched their eyes, having a subtle glow about them. The marks didn’t hurt. If anything, it made the Goolians feel lighter than air, natural – even invincible. And as their skin glowed, some of them felt their palms grow cold to the touch and the tips of their fingers tingle. They were ready.
“Now, push!”
The six did as told and the last thing Teacher wanted to see happened. A shockwave left Catty’s palms and dust sprayed as it trailed off five meters. She smiled, but felt awkward when the other five glared at her because they didn’t have the same outcome. Teacher laughed.
“Do not give her such nasty looks, Little Ones. Did I not say that some may be able to use their inner being prior to others this morning? Beyond this, you all did very well, indeed! For all forms are truly precise. Yet, mind your footings as you release, yes? Now, push!”
The Little Ones pushed and there was still no reaction beyond Catty’s second shockwave. Aly felt like this was a complete waste of time and wanted to go home more than ever. Still, another part of her enjoyed the more exclusive learning process, and she already figured she might as well come back tomorrow. Being a baker was definitely the better path for her, but there was something to this silly combat routine Teacher was showing. She couldn’t describe it, but it was definitely something positive.
The six only stayed for another hour and Teacher sent them home when the first sun started to set behind the mountains in the distance.
“Was that not a thrill?” Catty asked as she skipped down the red dirt road leading back to Kutenbrya’s residential area. “Did you learn anything new?”
“I think I did.” Aly examined her hands. “Teacher seemed quite pleased, yes?”
“Yet of course he did! Why, I would bet that you and I are to be the best combatants during the Evaluations once we are of the proper age. Would that not be grand?”
Aly looked up at the evening sky. She breathed in and the clean air rushed down her nostrils like cold water. She smiled, already noting the change of the seasons.
“I suppose that would be nice,” she said. “Even so, I am more excited about what we are to learn at the learning boards with Master Slew. Why, everyone shall manage combat with little issue, and what good shall it be even when we come of age? It is not as if we have to defend ourselves. Knowing the martial arts is nothing more than tradition. Thus I desire to learn something useful.”
Catty shrugged. It wasn’t like the grown-ups had much use for sparring beyond the exercises they did before going off to work. Sure, they were in great shape because of it, but what Goolian wasn’t?
“Be that as it may, I suppose we should still perform well at the sparring grounds, since it shall better our chances of performing well during the Evaluations, yes?” Catty said. “I have heard they are quite a dangerous event.”
“Why not worry about making good marks on our report card for the moment being?” Aly insisted. “I have greater issues at the moment. Why should I worry over the Evaluations, which are years ahead of us, when I cannot control my being? Truly, I hope I am not the last to learn how to perform the deed. Returning back to the sparring grounds this evening was already a crush to my pride.”
“Did this one not just say that being-control was of no concern?”
“I did. Even so, that does not mean that I desire to stand out for too long.”
Catty waved a hand passively. “No worries. I am sure you shall be able to control your being soon enough, and when you do, we shall be called the best combatants in the tribe. Then again, perhaps I shall keep the title and glory to myself. After all, nobles are to be better.”
“Oh, really?” Aly slapped Catty in the back of the head and took off down the road so she could avoid the repercussions.
The Little Ones laughed as the chase turned into a race. The wind blew the mastras’ ears back and made their eyes water the harder they ran.
“You best speed up, Mastra,” Catty said. “I am gaining.”
Aly looked over her shoulder and saw Catty on her heels. She then dashed ahead on all fours, leaving a trail of dust in Catty’s face.
“No fair, Aly!” Catty switched her form as well. “You never said we were to go on quads!”
“And you never said we were playing mahu last night!”
The two reached their village before the second sun set behind the mountains. Both were out of breath and Catty fell over on Aly, knocking her down.
“Get off, you crazed thing!” Aly laughed and shoved.
Catty rolled off and held her belly as she chuckled. She sat up, but Aly stopped laughing as she stayed on her back.
“Does something trouble you?” Catty asked.
“Nay. I merely admire the moon. Yet the stars are not as bright because of it, I fear.”
Catty stood and pulled Aly up on her feet.
“Thus there be no reason to waste your time on looking. They are not to go anywhere, nay? If they are not in sight in the morrow, then they shall be so next week and the week beyond.” 
“True. My pappai said the same thing the prior night.  I shall see you in the morrow then?”
“In the morrow.”
Aly headed home on her own. With a population of only three thousand, neighbors were as close as family. So it came as no surprise that some of the older Goolians made sure Aly made it home safely as she walked by their huts.
The mastra pushed against the door to her tiny home, sighing out loud so her arrival could be made public. She didn’t expect to see the island counter and the shelves when she walked in. The place that was her tiny kitchen that morning was starting to look like an extended dining area.
Shanvi was in the middle of discussing floor plans with five of the village’s architects and designers when he paused.
“Mind your rudeness, Alytchai,” he said, turning around.
“Apologies. If I may, Pappai, I was not expecting company.”
“Do not pay any mind to them. Truly, this one has her own concerns with me. Why are you late? What is more, why did you not travel with Little Cattalice as I instructed?”
Aly’s ears shot up a little, indicating she felt like she was in trouble. “I-I did return with her, indeed. Yet we both remained beyond the learning sessions and returned to the sparring grounds in order to learn more––”
“Ah.” Shanvi turned back around, returning to the floor plans. “It was my error in forgetting there were such things after school hours, especially since I just retired from being the sparring priest, myself. Silly me. Be that as it may, I still did not hear any other Little Ones approaching with you.”
Aly always forgot about Mature Aged Goolians’ spectacular hearing until Shanvi said things like that.
“Truly, I am pleased in your desire for bettering your skills beyond the basic hours that the class provides. Yet, I beg, do not have your pappai concern himself with his child walking alone, very good?”
“Very good, Pappai. My truest apologies.”
Shanvi turned and knelt down, giving Aly a kiss on the cheek. 
“No harm caused, dearest.” He patted her on the rear, slightly nudging her out of the taller people’s way. “Off to the resting board with you. Beyond this, was the day well?”
Aly didn’t want to whine about her problems to her pappai, so she acted as if she hadn’t heard him as she kicked off her shoes and plumped into her bed.
 “You heard me, Little One, yes?” she heard her pappai call out. “Was the day well?”
“Well enough, I suppose,” she said, hoping that’d be enough to please him. Aly heard the grown-ups in the kitchen stop what they were doing. Stupid. She should’ve just lied and said the day was fine.
“My pardons,” she heard Shanvi tell the masters and mastras in the kitchen. “Pappai is apparently on duty.” 
Aly heard Shanvi shove away the curtain separating her room from the kitchen, but still didn’t turn around. She rested her head in her palms as she stretched  and stared at an old painting of her late mother.
When Shanvi tickled the soles of one of her feet, she tried not to laugh since she was supposed to be in a pouty mood. She lightly nudged Shanvi’s hand away. Her pappai grabbed her ankle and tickled her even more, making the Little One yelp and laugh as she frantically kicked. 
“Now, that be a better look for my Aly,” Shanvi said as he kept tickling her.
“Enough!” Aly shouted through her laughter. “I beg! This one wins!”
Shanvi stopped tickling and gave Aly her leg back. She sat up, knowing Shanvi was about to have a talk with her.
“A trying first day of schooling, nay?” he asked as he sat on the edge of her bed.
“I thought I was to learn how to control my being.”
“I see. Even so, I am sure there were many who have yet to perform as well, yes?”
“Truly, such things refrain me from feeling better.”
Shanvi straightened up and cleared his throat. “Refrain? Since when did this one know how to say such a word?”
“Master Slew used it in a sentence while we were at the learning board, thus I supposed I knew the meaning. Oh. I used it wrongly, yes?”
Shanvi laughed and gave Aly a hug. “You learn a grave deal of things sooner than you think, and thus you shall with your being. And why the concern? I thought this one did not see much importance in being-control or combat.”
“Nay, I still do not, if truth be told. Yet not being able to do something as soon as others is odd.”
“Fret not, dearest. You shall learn to control your being when the time is meant to do so.” He chuckled. “By Truth’s Grace, it be only natural, unless you are...a sickened one.”
“Nay! I am sick?”
“Does this one feel a fever?”
Aly placed a hand on her forehead, mimicking what Shanvi always did when she was under the weather. “Nay. I feel well.”
“Then rejoice. You are not a sickened one.” Shanvi kissed Aly on the forehead and she leaned against him. “Truly, dearest. It shall happen in due time.”

* * *


Chapter 2
“Teacher! Aly! Over here!” Cattalice the Elder waved at Aly and Shanvi the following morning.
Little Catty saw a blue bug scurrying across the ground as she held her mother’s hand. She tried picking it up, but Cattalice kept her out of the insect’s reach by lifting her into her arms and walking over to Aly and Shanvi.
“And still calling me ‘Teacher,’ I see,” Shanvi said as he bowed.
The mastra slapped herself on the head. “Indeed, I did. Apologies, Master Shanvi. Be that as it may, understand that old habits die hard.”
“Of course. So, I take it you two are enjoying this fair morning, yes?”
“Truly. This be a good week for our mastras to begin school, yes?” Cattalice squatted down to Aly’s height. “And how do you fare, Little Alytchai?”
“Good morning, Mistress,” was all Aly said.
Cattalice frowned and kissed Aly on the forehead before getting back up. “Aw, and does the Little One once again suffer from nerves as she did the prior morning?”
Shanvi rubbed his Little One’s shoulders. “Indeed she does. I fear she did not fancy her first day of schooling, having grown some concerns over her current lack of being-control.”
Cattalice glared down at her daughter. “Now, Catty, what did Pappai and I speak of in regards to bragging? Surely you have not been doing this to Aly, nay?”
Catty rolled her eyes. “Of course not, Mammai.”
 “Mind that look, Cattalice the Younger.”
The Little One eyed the ground. “Yes, ma’am.”
“Better. And what rumors do we have this morning, Teacher?” The mastra started to walk, with Shanvi and Aly following after her and Catty.
“And again, you just called me... Never the mind. The prior day’s late evening gave to typical silly talk. There were some loose tongues discussing some military conflict somewhere about in the Western Regions of the galaxy. It was with the Wethans, if I recall.”
“Ah, silly boredom talk then, yes?”
“Afraid so. Truly, it be such a, impractical rumor, given the Wethans are pacifists.”
“Indeed. Why must folk go about building up such nonsense? Truly, we all know that wars ended centuries ago in that last galactic conflict with the Cyogen menace. Such troubles were prior to any of us even being born.”
“Perhaps it is a means to draw in mere excitement around the tribe, yes?”
“Perhaps. Yet why compose rumors of the other nations that are homed astromilos beyond us? They suffer no concern over us, so why should we?”
Shanvi nodded, and left the discussion at that since people started greeting Cattalice and Catty while others said hello to him. The four headed out of Kutenbrya’s housing district and onto the red dirt road that Catty and Aly had raced down the other evening. The trail led into several acres of fields on both sides before they were overrun with forest terrain. Their first stop was going to be the sparring grounds, since the teenage and pre-adult Goolians – Young Ones – were already in the village’s one and only school house. 
When the lot reached the sparring grounds, Little Ones were already unpacking their bags and acting like they were top-class fighters. Some mimicked shooting projectiles out of their hands while others climbed and chased each other in the giant green oak wood trees surrounding them. Catty was bouncing up and down even though Cattalice held her back.
“Truly, what did you feed this one prior to our departure?” Shanvi asked, laughing at Catty.
“A mere bowl of water and some fresh fruit from one of our trees.” Cattalice tugged Catty’s wrist so she’d settle down. “I feel I am to keep saying this: why can she not be as well mannered as Aly?”
Shanvi and Cattalice helped the girls find where they were supposed to drop their belongings before going off to the sparring priest.
“We shall be right back,” Cattalice told the mastras as she left with Shanvi. “We need to speak with Teacher for a moment.”
“Very good, Mammai,” Catty said.

“A fair morning to you, Mistress,” Teacher said as Cattalice approached him. “And to you as well Teach– Apologies. Master Shanvi.”
“Ah, and even the new Teacher cannot break the habit, yes?” Shanvi patted the master on the back. “And I must say, it be a well-deserved title for you.”
“My thanks. Truly, it is an odd thing having to give up one’s name while others with higher callings are allowed to keep their own. Yet, such is the way of things, yes?”
“Nonsense, Master. This one has a highly regarded obligation in teaching the tribe’s future in how to defend itself. Why have field lords, bakery priests, or any other job when there are no means to protect them? You do us a great honor.”
Teacher rubbed the back of his head. “I fear I am beyond words. Um, I pray your little mastras are fair this morning, yes?”
Cattalice turned around, and covered her mouth. Aly and Catty were playing mahu in the trees with the rest of the class.
“Truth’s Grace!” She took a step forward but halted, forcing her body not to intervene. “Were we allowed to climb so high at that age?”
 Shanvi turned and shrugged when he looked up. “Actually, my generation was permitted to go higher than both yours and theirs.”
“Oh, come now, Master,” Teacher said. “You speak as if you have the tongue of an elder Goolian.”
“I very well feel like an elder Goolian. By Truth’s Grace, I still find it hard to believe that I am over a...a…”
“A hundred?” Cattalice said, wanting to ease the word. “A hundred be not a bad age. Truly, you have the luxury of looking back and noting all of the accomplishments you have made at the halfway point of your life.”
“Be damned with my triple digits,” Shanvi said, obviously disregarding the mastra’s compliment. “Perhaps I shall have to use a walking stick in another sixty years.”
The three spun around when they heard a Little One charge up his being.
Cattalice apparently had enough and headed over to the Little Ones. “I shall make sure they do not burn down the forest. Goodness, I pray this lot does not make your tents go too gray, Teacher.”
When Cattalice left, Shanvi motioned Teacher off to the side.
“I must say, Aly did quite well in class the other day, Master,” Teacher said. “She be a little nervous and shy around others, with Catty being the exception, yet that is to be expected with some.”
“Indeed.” Shanvi glanced over at his Little One. Cattalice was wiping her hands. “Such is why I need to speak with you.”
“Trouble?”
“Not really. Alytchai was just a little down about not being able to control her being yesterday. Thus I fear she may feel the need to be a little more mute than usual this morning.”
Both masters laughed.
“These Little Ones expect much out of themselves so soon,” Teacher said. “Nay, I insist that some of their current setbacks are merely that – a setback. Yet, when they have a mind of their own, what shall we do?”
“Truly, yet I pray she does not prolong her social skills too gravely by her bashfulness.”
The two looked over at Aly again, who was giggling at a joke Catty made while Cattalice scolded her child for making it.
“I suppose matters do not help a great deal with her height as well, yes?” Teacher asked.
“Truly. She be a tall one for her age, indeed. As tall as some of the lads, so it seems. I try to assure her that she has a mere head start on things, yet she knows better. That one be smart. Perhaps too smart for a single parent.”
“I am sure the late Alytchai the Elder – Truth’s Grace guard her heightening – is not one who can be replaced. Be that as it may, you have done a marvelous performance in raising your Little One. Even so, it takes a village to raise a child, yes?”
“Indeed, it does, lad.”
“Then be assured that we shall treat Aly as one of our own, and the other Little Ones shall do the same by my accord.”
Shanvi patted Teacher on the back again. “Then I shall be at peace with that final notion. Now, do not let me delay the morning’s session any longer. Beyond this, I must report back to my hut to see how the construction goes.”
“Ah, yes.” Teacher rubbed his belly. “The bakery shall open soon. These are productive times for the tribe. I look forward to seeing what goods you may produce in the following weeks.”
“Well, I must confess that I fail in comparison in being as great a cook as Aly’s mammai was, yet we both shared a great deal of creativity when it came to some bakery items. So, until then, I pray that your second day of training is a productive one for both you and those young minds.”
“Very good. Be well then, Master Shanvi.”
Shanvi nodded and jogged back over to the mastras. Cattalice was giving both Catty and Aly goodbye hugs and kisses when he showed up.
“You two be well behaved, very good?” she said. “Mind your manners and listen accordingly, as you did the prior day. Especially you, Little Mastra.” Cattalice thumped Catty on the nose and gave a stern look.
“No worries, Mammai. I shall give no reason to bring shame to our shared name.”
“Actions are better than words, yes?” Cattalice held out her pinky and Catty locked it around her own.
“For actions are what truly make character,” Catty answered, as if reciting something for the hundredth time.
Aly wrapped her arms around Shanvi’s leg, squeezing it tightly. Shanvi picked her up, gave her a quick peck on the lips, and set her back down.
“Enjoy your day, dearest,” he said, following behind Cattalice into the line of other parents heading back to the village. “And remember, you and Catty stay together on your way back home.”
Aly nodded once and waved Shanvi off with a heavy hand.

“Fall in, young masters and mastras!” Teacher cried out. “In the same places as you were the prior day.”
The Little Ones were in their spots in seconds, making four rows of eight. Aly and Joquin were in the last row since they were some of the taller children in the class, while Catty was in the second one.
“Fair morning, Aly,” Joquin said. “We shall use our being today, yes?”
“Truly, I hope so.”
A mastra on Aly’s left poked her on the shoulder.
“Did you go to practice sessions last evening?” she asked.
“Um, I did.”
“Can you use your being now?”
Aly looked at Joquin, who turned his head away, probably so he wouldn’t get found out. The mastra tried to think up an excuse for why she still couldn’t use her being.
“Nay, Requai.” Her face blushed blue. “Yet Teacher did say it would take some of us a while to learn.”
“I think he only says such things so you won’t feel bad,” Requai said. “You best learn soon, Aly. If not, you shall be the lowest ranked in class.”
“I know.” Aly tried laughing the warning off as she looked up front. 
Teacher checked the roster to make sure everyone was accounted for before getting started. When he finished, he made the Little Ones spread out, just like yesterday, so they wouldn’t hit each other with their energy. He also bored the class with breathing exercises again, this time making them sit down cross-legged. Aly, however, tried to take the exercise a little more serious than she did the other day. Maybe she couldn’t use her inner being because she wasn’t concentrating as hard as the others.
“Face the front, Catty,” she heard the priest say.
Aly peeped and saw her friend shoot her head back around. She then noticed him jot something down on the chart with the student’s names, and figured he probably wrote something like “Impatient and short attention span” beside Catty’s.
“Very good, eyes open and on your feet,” Teacher said moments later. “We shall continue where we left off the prior day. Basic stances, now.”
The class followed the command, spreading their legs and chambering their fists to their sides.
“Good. Now, breathe, and push!”
The class did as told and spurts of energy left twenty-eight of the thirty-two’s hands.
“I did it!” Joquin shouted as a sudden burst of energy flew in front of him.
“Good for you, lad,” Teacher said, raising a fist of congrats. “Now, back to your stance.”
Joquin kept smiling as he followed the order. Requai shrugged. She didn’t seem that impressed with the tiny shockwave the lad’s being produced. Aly, on the other hand, looked thrilled. If he could do it, then she definitely could. Joquin’s form wasn’t as good as hers, after all.
“Even he beat you to the deed, Aly,” Requai said. “Are you well?”
“I am fine.” Aly nearly growled as she checked her stance.
Requai shook her head and pushed another force of being when Teacher said to. Aly, more determined than ever, stretched her four-digit hands out as far as possible. 
Stupid Requai. I shall show her. Aly took in a deep breath and demanded her fingers to feel the tingle Catty described before she discharged her being. However, the sensation never came. Not even a slight numbness. Aly shook away her temporary dismay. She just knew she’d get it right this time. She had to.
“One more time,” Teacher said. “And push!”
Aly closed her eyes and did as told.
“What is this one doing?” she heard Requai ask. “You may open your eyes, Aly. For you still produced nothing.”
Aly stomped the ground with both feet. Her entire row laughed at her before Teacher told them to quiet down.
“Pay attention, Little Ones,” he said. “Very well. That be enough. To the sparring ring. And no running!”
Catty skipped over to Aly, who took her time heading to the ring.
“Still no being?” she asked.
“Still no being.”
“What of it? Perhaps in the morrow. Come. Let us catch up with the other mastras. I do not want to be crowded with all the masters.”
The two hurried over to the group of other girls, fourteen altogether. But even then, segregation was already forming. It was only natural for the Little Ones to stay with the children they were babysat with. Aly and Catty grew up playing with five other mastras. Requai and another one named Glani were born the same year as they were, and the other three were a year older.
“Aly still cannot perform,” Requai said the instant she saw her and Catty approach them.
“Why the delay, Alytchai?” Glani asked. “Most of us were able to use our being months ago.”
“Just leave her be,” Catty said as she placed her hands on Aly’s shoulders. “She shall surely join our ranks sooner than later.”
“It best be sooner,” Requai said. “Or do you not wish to take part in the Evaluations, Aly? Perhaps you only desire to be part Goolian.”
“What? Yet of course I do! I simply – well – I do not know why I delay.”
“Perhaps you are sick,” Glani said.
“Nay. My pappai said I am not.”
“Then perhaps he lies.”
Aly shoved Glani to the ground. “Take that back!”
The other mastras gasped as Catty pulled her away.
“Stop that, Alytchai. She only plays with you.”
Requai helped Glani up, while the other three in the group backed away. Glani dusted herself off.
“That be mean, Mastra,” she said. “I only joke.”
Aly was actually more startled by her reaction than anyone else. She had no idea where that burst of anger came from. It was like blinking her eyes. At one moment, she simply felt hurt by what Glani said, and before she knew it, she just wanted to hit back. “Apologies,” was all she could say.
Glani and Requai turned around and went over to the rest of the group. The two, even though they knew Aly could hear them, told the other mastras to stay away from her for the day, since she had been so mean to Glani.
“Why do that, Aly?” Catty said. “You know Glani only poked fun at you.”
Before Aly could explain herself, Teacher called the class over for archery lessons. The bows were pre-made, the arrows had safety tips on them, and practice was a complete waste of time, as far as the class was concerned. Still, Teacher insisted that archery would help the class in the future when aiming would get graded.
It wasn’t long after that the sessions were over. Aly and Catty headed home with the other five mastras after class, since Aly remembered she had to follow her friend home.
“You did quite well at archery today, Mastra,” Catty said.
Aly just smiled and kept walking, not sure if Glani was still mad at her.
“Would you lot like to come over to my house and play war?” Catty asked. “Or perhaps dolls?”
“Not if Aly is allowed to come,” Requai said.
“Agreed,” Glani chimed in.
Aly and Catty both stopped walking, but the other five kept going.
“Hey!” Catty ran after them. “I beg, do not be so mean. Truly, Aly is unhappy with what she did. Are you not, Aly?”
“Truly, I am.”
“See? Thus she has apologized. Now we can be friends again, yes?”
Requai stopped and the others did the same. Catty and Aly were both too afraid to say anything else, feeling their fates hung on a thread as the other mastra grinned.
“I say nay. What say the rest?”
“Let this be a lesson to you, Aly,” Glani said.
The other three added their shared concurrence.
“Yet you may still come, Catty,” Requai said. “Let Aly walk herself home.”
“You lot are being unfair,” Catty whined. The mastra looked at Aly and then the other five. “Fine.”
The Little One took Aly by the hand and walked through the group.
“Come along, Alytchai. They shall not be able to play in my parent’s fields then.”
“Uh, very well,” Aly said as Catty tugged. “Even so, I still did not mean to push you, Glani.”
Glani and the others were too surprised to say anything as they watched the duo race each other back to the village.

* * *

The mastras talked up a storm once they made it to the village. They only stopped chatting when they heard commotion coming from Shanvi’s hut. The two decided to cancel their evening games and make a detour to Aly’s home to see what was going on.
“I mean...wow!” Catty said as she looked at the front of Shanvi’s hut.
Aly couldn’t say anything. Seeing the evening lights on inside the hut-made-store was breathtaking. The yellow lanterns made the porch glow while the inside looked as bright as day. 
Catty grabbed Aly by the wrist and pulled her to the door. “Let us see how the inside appears.”
When the two busted through the doors, five grown-ups were sitting and laughing with one another at a table in the corner. Shanvi was wiping his hands with a cloth near the back until Aly’s mesmerized gaze locked eyes with his.
“Now, there she be.” He turned around and extended his hands. Aly ran and leapt into her pappai’s arms, and Shanvi laughed as he swung her around. “You have forgotten something.”
“Oh. Right!” She grabbed Shanvi’s much larger face by the cheeks and kissed him on the right temple. 
“So, how do you perceive the store?” Shanvi asked, still holding Aly in his arms.
“Truly, it is beyond grand, Pappai. It is done, yes?”
“Nay, not quite.” Shanvi set the mastra down on the newly-made counter. He spun around and grabbed two bowls out of a cabinet. “The workers must smooth out a few more of the corners and I have yet to include stools and booths. In the meantime, your seat can reside here. Now, did I not see Catty?”
“Over here!” Catty called out in the midst of the other Goolians. She stood on top of the table they were standing around. “Hello!”
“The little mistress was in the midst of telling us how her being-control was coming, Teacher,” one of the male Goolians said.
Shanvi rubbed his head. “It is simply ‘Shanvi’ now, lad.”
“Perhaps. Perhaps not. Even so, we have heard great dealings about you while you spar at the grounds, Little Mastra.”
Catty posed on top of the table with her hands on her hips. Shanvi chuckled and went to the lively mastra, as his Little One’s ears flopped.
“Truly, it be no trouble, once one has learned it.” Catty held out her palms. “Why, all that one needs to do is––”
“Why not offer us a display of your wondrous antics outside this board?” Shanvi said as he tucked Catty underneath one of his arms. “Truly, it would be a shame if the new store was to burn down prior to it even making an official opening.”
The grown-ups laughed as Catty shrugged. Shanvi set her down beside Aly and placed a bowl in each of their laps. Since they were both so tiny, the mastras could’ve worn the bowls like hats. Catty was about to try that logic, but Shanvi gently set her accessory back down as Aly giggled.
“Now, I suppose I shall grant your gracing us with your presence so late in the evening this once, Little Mistress,” Shanvi said as he placed a finger on Catty’s nose. He had his other hand behind his back. “Truly, I am sure your pappai shall not fancy you making it a habit of coming over to a store filled with sweets on a regular basis, very good?”
“Very good, Master Shanvi.” Catty eyed the floor, as if she was getting scolded.
Shanvi smiled and lifted the Little One’s chin up. “Even so, I would consider this a special occasion.” He pulled his other arm from behind his back and dropped leaves and nuts into Catty’s bowl.
The Little One’s eyes grew as Shanvi poured a sweet syrup over the dish. “This one deserves some reward for performing so well at the sparring grounds.”
“My thanks!” Catty stuffed her mouth with some of the leaves. 
Aly watched the mastra chow down without missing a beat. She wondered if she’d ever get such recognition from the other grown-ups the way Catty did. Even her pappai was distracted by her. Shanvi then filled Aly’s bowl with the same mixture as Catty’s, but poured a little more syrup into hers.
“If I may, what good deed did I do to deserve this, Pappai?”
“Why, you were born as mine, of course.” Shanvi kissed Aly on the forehead and went back to attending the new customers.
Aly picked up a leaf and swept it along the edges of the bowl so she could get more syrup. She placed the leaf into the corner of her jaw, knowing the leaf was designed to absorb all of the extra flavors. Absolutely fantastic.
“Why the delay?” Catty said, still chewing with her mouthful.
“I prefer to get all the flavors. Nothing more.”
The two were too entranced by their food to talk to each other as they ate. When she finished, Aly watched Catty make laps around her bowl with her long purple tongue. Aly sighed and rested her head in a palm. The dessert must’ve tasted better when the reward was actually earned. Getting a pity dish didn’t bring out the flavors, even with an extra serving of syrup. Catty nudged her in the side.
“Is the dessert bad?” she asked. “Why does this one have the sad face?”
“Nay, it be of no reason. Perhaps I ate too slowly. Would this one like to finish mine?”
“Ooh! Very well.” Catty picked up Aly’s bowl and finished it off with one final swoop of the tongue.
Shanvi placed his hands on both their backs. “Very good now, Mastras. Enough time has passed. Come. We shall walk Catty home.”
“Aw, Pappai...”
“No fuss, Alytchai. The morrow brings forth another school day. As I said, this day marked a special occasion, very good?”
The Little One nodded as she and Catty hopped off the counter. Catty leaned over to her ear and placed her hand up so Shanvi couldn’t hear.
“Perhaps if I continue to come enough without saying a thing, your pappai shall not mind,” Catty whispered.
Shanvi slid the portal door open. “I heard that, Cattalice. And you best note that such a stunt may not likely work in your favor.”
Catty barely took a break from talking to Shanvi on the way back to her home. The Mature Aged gave suggestions and pointers to the Little One as Aly kept quiet, not knowing what to say. It wasn’t like she understood what the two were talking about anyways.
Truly, who would have ever thought that not being able to control my being would be so grand a deal? Aly was just another Little One a few days ago. She had no idea being just that – another Little One – was one of the best qualities about her until she lost the title. Now she was, “That child; the one that has yet to control her inner being.” She hated standing out in the world.
As the three walked across the fields leading up to Catty’s two-story house – the largest in the tribe – Aly contemplated her future. She still wanted to be a baker, especially after having such a fancy-looking treat, but maybe having a little decency in combat wouldn’t be that bad after all. Maybe she was being over confident and Truth’s Grace was giving her a lesson in humility. Shanvi said the Great Philosophy had a way of doing that to people. She’d have to ask Shanvi if they could make a quick stop at the temple on the way back so she could apologize for being so selfish.
The Little One examined her hands and realized what Teacher meant when he said inner being was an extension of the inner self. Her priorities were messed up. Yes, they had to be.
There be nothing beyond the tribe, she reminded herself. She could worry about learning how to bake later. Right now, she needed to learn how to control her being and ensure her worth to the people around her. No, she wasn’t going to be part Goolian, like Requai implied. She would learn. She would work, and yes, she would even fight if she had to. The Evaluations were years from now, but in that instant, Aly was going to work as if they were happening tomorrow.
“Why do you smile, Aly?” Catty asked, glancing over at her quiet friend.
“No reason. I simply look forward to the rest of the school week. That be all.”

* * *


Chapter 3
“Come now, Aly,” Teacher said. “No more thoughts. Merely perform, yes? Class, let us cheer her on.”
“You can do it, Aly!” Catty shouted from the sideline.
The rest of the class, also watching, followed in. Aly was a nervous wreck. So much pressure, so many eyes looking at her. She couldn’t do it. Two full months had gone by and she still couldn’t do it. Everyone else in the class could control their being now, but something was wrong with her. She was realizing it, but still too afraid to accept it. Maybe the joke her pappai made a while back wasn’t a joke at all. Maybe she was actually sick and this was the symptom.
“Why does this one wait?” Teacher insisted. “Perform, yes?”
Aly felt as stiff as the green oak wood trees in the forest. If she tried and failed again, that would only push her deeper into isolation from everyone else. Glani and Requai already made fun of her. What if the entire class did the same? She thought about acting like she had a tummy ache, so she could get excused. Nay, that would not fool Teacher.
Joquin and Catty stood beside each other, both of them holding their hands together like they were praying for a miracle. The two eventually stopped cheering and watched silently, making Aly even more nervous. What if she let down the only ones in class who still believed in her?
“We shall count down,” Teacher instructed. “Three.”
Aly’s ears shot up. Nay! More pressure! Not enough time! Why were they pushing her? Shanvi said it’d have to happen eventually, so why was so much pressure starting to be put on her? Maybe there was an actual time limit of expectancy that no one ever bothered telling her about, and she was past due.
“Two,” Teacher and the class said in unison.
Stupid hands. Stupid, stupid hands! What is wrong with me? Aly felt a lump in her throat. Indeed, what was wrong with her? This wasn’t fair. She did everything right. She practiced harder than anyone else in class and even stayed longer during the after class sessions. Sometimes Teacher had to walk Aly home because she didn’t want to let up when the first stars came out. Then there were times when Shanvi actually had to leave the hut, come to the sparring ground, and drag her home. Aly tried. She tried so hard.
She was always exhausted by the time she got back to the hut. Her children’s garden teacher, Master Slew, actually stopped by two weeks ago when he noticed that Aly’s performance in school was dropping. She came into the learning board more tired than usual, as well. That made the mastra wonder if she got her pappai into trouble, so she tried even harder. Still, there was no hope. Every stance, every breath, and every push proved to be another waste of effort.
“One.”
Aly’s frantic breathing suddenly got out of sync, and Teacher’s telling her to control her pacing only made her more anxious. What would happen when she didn’t perform? Not if, but when? Aly lowered her arms a little at the very thought of it. She knew this wasn’t going anywhere. She’d probably be better off going home with the rest of the Little Ones when regular sessions let out.
Nay, I will not! Aly smacked the weak thoughts out of her head. No more. She wouldn’t let this being-control manage her when she was supposed to manage it. Teacher wasn’t yelling at her because he was frustrated with her. He was yelling because he believed in her. Why, everybody did! Everyone was chanting her name, after all. How couldn’t they believe her? Maybe they knew something she didn’t.
“Push!”
That’s right. Aly would push, and the inner being within her would reveal itself. She’d make the biggest sphere of energy that anyone would ever see. She wished her pappai could be here for this grand moment, the day she’d become a true member of the tribe. This would be her first steps to being a true Goolian. She’d be like everyone else again. Yes, today was the day.
“I said push, Alytchai!”
Aly’s eyes lit up when she thought she felt the sensation of her hands grow numb and cold. There it was! She finally had it. Aly smiled from ear to ear. The sensation was still there, and growing. There was only one thing left to do, and that was to express her inner being, that tiny visual form of raw energy that every Goolian could control in order to share his or herself with the tribe. The sharing of servitude, the sharing of the better good, the sharing of pride. Aly stretched out her fingers, chambered her arms back, and fired.
Catty’s mouth gaped open. Joquin’s eyes were wide. Teacher uncrossed his arms and everyone in the class got quiet. Aly fell down on her hands and knees, on the verge of tears. She had it. She knew she did. Or maybe she just told herself that, for the sake of having one final speck of hope.
“Our thanks for the buildup, Aly,” someone from the crowd shouted.
Aly looked over to her friends. Catty was nudging Joquin in the shoulder as he covered his smile. So much for friends.
“Settle down, the lot of you,” Teacher demanded. “There be no humor in this.”
As the Little Ones tried to keep their faces straight, Aly kept facing the dirt. She felt Teacher’s hand rub her shoulder, indicating he knew this humiliation was going to haunt her for the rest of her life; something far worse than the crushing blow he just gave the class’ social development.
“Everyone, meet up at the danker trees,” he said. “A new lesson awaits.”
The Little Ones darted off a little deeper into the forest. Aly didn’t budge, not even when Catty walked over to her.
“Mastra, we best be on, yes?” Aly didn’t say anything, so the other Little One poked her on the shoulder. “Come, Aly. Truly, the others––”
“Touch me not!” Aly swatted the mastra’s hand away. Catty leapt back and clutched her fingers to her side.
“Aly, Catty,” Teacher called out as he returned to check on them. “Trail not behind, yes? Move along.”
Catty didn’t say a word as she passed Teacher. Aly sat up on her knees and sighed. 
“That notion includes this one too, Little Mastra,” Teacher added. “Off with you now.”
The Little One did as told and sauntered on with defeat still harassing her. Teacher’s face was straight and confident, as usual. Because of this, Aly couldn’t tell how concerned her sparring priest actually was.

Something was actually wrong with her. Everyone in the class had their physical months before they started school, so everybody was cleared for inner being lessons, with the weakest Little One knowingly having a one-month delay. Goolians – especially the ones from Kutenbrya – had being-control down to a science. They never made a miscalculation when timing one’s control. Aly, on the other hand, should’ve been performing at most two weeks after the courses began. 
Teacher pulled a chart out of his back pocket and made sure none of the Little Ones were in sight. He read it, and then read it again, just like he had for the past two months. Aly was taking too long – plain and simple. Still, there were very rare cases of a Little One facing prolonged delays. The longest one that he recalled was from a tribe in the northern hemisphere, where it took a Little One five months. Then again, he always wondered if that story was just another one of the silly local rumors. Teacher shook his head, rebuking all of the negative thoughts, and hurried over to the rest of the class. He figured he’d have to scold them for poking fun at the Little One who still couldn’t control her being.
Aly was still dragging herself over to the rest of the Little Ones by the time he reached her. Teacher picked her up so they wouldn’t waste any more time. Aly’s body went limp like a doll and nearly slipped out of his grip. She didn’t make any fuss over it, though.
“Pull your nerves, Little One,” Teacher grumbled as he tried to keep his hold on her. “Truly, the end of the world has yet to come.” He knew, as far as she was concerned, the end was already upon Aly, but Teacher still had a job to do.
The elder tossed the Little One a few meters ahead, and Aly naturally landed on both feet. He watched the Little One stroll over to Catty since she more than likely thought that was the only friendly face around.
“As skilled as one may be with being, you must hold ground, even within close range,” Teacher explained. “Thus, we commence with close-quarter combat, or at the most, we shall test our reflexes. Now, gather round and take heed. While one would think inner being is an advantage for range, there be no such thing when one’s opponent can perform the same deed.”
“Unless you are to be Alytchai,” Requai, who stood close to Aly, called out.
Teacher gave the girl a look, but everyone still laughed.
Catty moved in front of Aly and sized up the other mastra. “Just leave her be.”
“Enough,” Teacher countered. “There shall be no such quarrels amongst you, very good? Or perhaps I shall take this to your parents?”
“Apologies, Teacher,” Catty said.
Requai didn’t say anything else. Teacher figured the issue was settled and turned back around. 

Requai then leaned over to Catty’s ear.
“Aw, how proper,” she whispered. “Truly, an expected act. The favored wealthy one to stand up for the odd one, just as her mammai and pappai told her to.”
Catty was about to object, but paused when she heard her other female friends giggle.
“Requai, you do not listen well,” Teacher said. “Thus I shall remind you that a Mature Aged can hear much better than you.”
Requai folded her lips together and quickly nodded. No one was smiling anymore, and Aly felt bad for all of the pity and attention she was getting. Teacher was making her look pathetic since she couldn’t stand up for herself, and the teasing from the other children was only going to get worse because of it.
Requai tugged one of her tentacles when Teacher turned around to dig into a bag leaning against a nearby green oak wood tree. Aly was about to turn and yell, but she bit her lip and kept facing the front.
“I beg, leave my tents be,” she whispered.
“Or what?”
“Quit it!” Catty shouted. “Why do you be so mean?!”
Teacher slammed the bag. “That be it. Catty, Requai, remove yourselves from the rest and face the scolding tree.”
“Yet Teacher––”
“And I did not give you permission to speak, Cattalice. Now, do as told.”
Catty bit her lower lip. Aly looked away when her friend glanced at her, probably hoping she would intervene the way she had done for her. The shy mastra thought she could sense Catty’s surprise and note of betrayal. She watched her friend follow Requai over to an old oak tree; Catty didn’t make a peep and faced its trunk.
Just then, Glani tugged another one of Aly’s tents, more than likely noting she wouldn’t make a fuss over anyone harassing her. And Aly did just what she was expected to do – absolutely nothing. Glani yanked and swatted to her heart’s content until Joquin gave her a look. Aly wiped her eyes and kept facing the front.
Teacher came back with his hands behind his back. The Little Ones were getting excited now. A surprise! And what a surprise it was. The sparring priest pulled a smooth, ocean-blue sphere about the size of a Little One’s head from behind his back. Its translucent interior sparkled with tiny organisms swimming around inside, and it made a flopping sound when he bounced it once.
“A dankerball!” The Little Ones hopped up and down with excitement.
Teacher chuckled. “Truly. Now settle down, you wild ones. You lot are ready to test this out, yes?”
“Truly, Teacher.”
“My ears fail me, I fear. What did you lot say?”
“TRULY, TEACHER!”
Teacher laughed and walked over to another patch of dirt where an excess of walking had killed the grass. The Little Ones were entranced by the ball as they followed him. Before they started, Teacher made sure everyone remembered the rules about the dankerball: no stunts or tricks, no fighting over it, and most of all, no trying to eat it. 
The dankerball was made of a natural gel that the sparkling creatures inside – called dankos – secreted when they were trying to interest hopeful mates. If the gel was taken out of its natural habitat – which was usually the dense and darker parts of the forest – and into the suns, it would harden. The chemical reaction would result in the gel becoming bouncier than a Little One that just ate a bowl of sugar. A single dankerball could last a good while, since dankos had a lifespan close to a Goolian’s, that being two-hundred Universal years. The dankerball Teacher had was probably the same one that he grew up with, and Shanvi might have even tested it out when he was a child.
When it looked like the class was calming down, Teacher tossed the blue sphere into a nearby tree and let its natural function take its course. The ball bounced off the trunk instantly and into another, only for it to bounce into another, all the while gaining velocity with every rebound. The Little Ones were ecstatic. They squealed and hollered the faster and louder the flops got until they couldn’t follow the movements anymore. Some whispered how they were going to beat so-and-so at the test while the ball kept bouncing.
“Catty, you are free to return to the rest of the class,” Teacher said.
Catty stuck her tongue out at Requai before strolling back to her spot. Aly moved closer to Joquin, as if the mastra was going to get even with her. The mastra didn’t seem to give her a second thought, however, and that was probably worse.
The Little One went back to staring at the ball, trying to catch its movements. Its speed was phenomenal! She looked around to see if anyone else could follow it; they could, as far as she could tell.
Aly shrugged and stared again, a little harder, and surprised herself when she did. She could follow it too! Finally, something she could also do. It wasn’t all that hard, actually, once she caught the pace of the ball. The mastra was quite proud of herself, but froze when someone poked her on the shoulder.
“What?” Aly asked Catty as she tensed up.
“This one seems distracted. Enough of the weird glazed look.”
“I was not to be distracted, Mastra. I was – Teacher!”
Everyone got quiet, and just as they did, the dankerball ricocheted off the edge of one of the trees and zoned in for Teacher’s belly. The Little Ones ducked and held up their hands, expecting the ball – which was moving at the speed of sound as far as they were concerned – to take out their instructor and finish them all off with him. Instead, Teacher held up a hand and caught the ball like it was nothing.
“Fret not, class. Truly, this ball only moves at twenty milos per hour, at best.”
“Wowwww.”
Teacher giggled.
Catty and Aly still had their hands over their mouths. When Teacher smiled at them, they had no idea he was noting how impressed he was by Aly’s warning, since a Little One’s reaction time at that age wasn’t anywhere near as fast as his. At least, it wasn’t supposed to be.
“We shall commence by current rankings in the class,” Teacher said.
Aly stomped the ground as other Little Ones whined over the proposal. Catty, on the other hand, looked prouder than ever.
“Since this be our case, Cattalice, if you please.”
“Catty,” the Little One corrected Teacher as she hopped over to him.
Aly shook her head. That was probably Catty’s way of punishing the priest for punishing her. Her friend smirked when he didn’t counter the correction, and took the ball out of his hand.
“Ew! It feels disgusting!” 
“Enough of the faces.” Teacher straightened her in front of the trees. “Now, this shall be simple, yes? Toss the ball into a tree, and embrace it once it is to approach you.”
Catty nodded and was about to launch the ball with all her might before Teacher placed a hand on it.
“And this one shall be gentle with the release, I beg. And fret not if you do not achieve. Truly, no one does so on their first attempt.”
“If I may, can I not be the first, then?” Catty asked with the most innocent face. 
Teacher chuckled and patted the mastra on the head. “And why can this one not be, indeed! Truly, be our first then.”
Teacher made everyone move back and gave Catty the go-ahead to toss the ball. She didn’t throw it nearly as hard as she was going to upon Teacher’s warning, but the ball still hopped off of the tree the instant its weight formed around the base.
Catty lost sight of it by the third bounce and was wondering if she threw it too hard by the sixth. That was when the ball smacked her in her pair of sternums and laid her out, flat on her back.
The class roared with laughter. Fortunately for Catty, Goolians were made to take a beating, as their skeletons were a perfect mixture of some bone and special cartilage. Teacher smothered his chuckle behind a smile and helped the Little One up. Catty quickly slapped his hands away and held out her arms for the ball again.
“You shall perform well this round,” Teacher said as Catty snatched the ball. “Truly, there be no need for frustration, Little One. Practice makes perfect, yes? Now, relax.”
Catty tossed the ball, this time a little harder than the last just so Teacher would shut up. She waited and waited for the chance to grab. She got her hands up fast enough for the ball to miss her face, but the strike still knocked her on her rear. She growled and pounded the ground wildly. 
The class was beyond hysterical, even as Teacher tried to calm everyone down. Catty stood up, brushed herself off, and headed to the end of the line with a dignified head held high.
“Apologies, dearest,” Teacher said. “Truly, you did well.”
She ignored his words and gave Aly a look, since she was smirking as well.
“Let us see how well you fair, throwback,” Catty said with her hands on her hips.

Aly stopped smiling and turned back around. She wasn’t too insulted. She knew she’d show her, eventually. Of course, her wait was going to be a while, given the rest of the class had to take their turns. 
Fortunately for her, their attempts went just as fast as Catty’s – quick and humiliating. Requai even got called back over to have a try, and she failed like the rest. Before Aly knew it, Joquin was going up to take his turn, and she’d be next.
“You can do better than these lot, yes?” Teacher said assuredly.
No one in the class laughed when the Little One approached; the giggling quieted with every turn.
As with all the others, Aly studied the way Joquin tossed the ball, and waited. He held both of his arms out, obviously figuring he’d try a different approach from the others. It looked like his strategy was based around feeling the wind of the ball hit the tip of his fingers. All he’d have to do after that was grab. That simple. The Little One crossed her arms and shook her head while the lad smiled. If only he knew.
Aly watched silently, wondering why no one else could make such a simple catch. Truly, it cannot be that hard, nay? Perhaps it looks easier than it actually be.
Joquin tossed the ball.
Ah, here he goes. He shall miss. And as the thought crossed Aly’s mind, the dankerball struck Joquin’s forehead. He flipped into the air once and landed face-first in the dirt. Teacher hurried over, knelt down beside him, and rolled him on his back. Joquin’s expression was blank and his eyes were rolled into the back of his head.
The Little Ones didn’t say a word as Teacher hollered the master’s name and shook him. Aly was getting nervous. She didn’t think the ball was lethal.
Teacher slapped the lad in the face, and Joquin’s pupils came back. They were larger than normal, however. “Am I dead, Teacher?”
The priest held up three fingers. “How many do you see, Joquin?”
The lad squinted for a moment, then looked away. “Truly, I have an answer, Master. Yet I think my saying it shall make you worry even more.”
Teacher chuckled and helped the Little One up. “At least you know you are of damaged goods. Settle over there on that tree, very good?”
Teacher helped sit Joquin down against a nearby trunk so he could check up on him later. When he came back, Aly was looking up at him with her bright gray eyes shimmering. He gave her an odd stare, as if he was trying to hide his pity. She wondered if he was going to sit her out of the assignment, given she wasn’t capable of anything.
Aly quickly picked up the ball herself, rolling the odd substance around her palms. Catty was right. The danko gel felt like bumpy jelly with slime on it. Every time it moved, some of the substance squished between her fingers.
She examined it a moment longer to see if there was some sort of secret trick she and everyone else had missed. She sniffed it once and thought she was going to puke. It smelt like melted rotten cheese poured over feces left out in the afternoon suns. After her nausea left, she checked for any other faults it had. When she didn’t see any more, she just shrugged and hopped over to the spot where everyone else had stood.
“Just do your best, yes?” Teacher said.
Aly looked up at him again. She thought Teacher was going to pick her up and carry her away from all of the embarrassment. She wished he could, but the nod the two gave one another meant that they both knew better. 
“I would suppose that this may end her if it was to knock Joquin out, yes?” Requai whispered, a few spots behind Aly. The class giggled at the joke. 
Aly turned and caught Catty locking eyes with the mastra that just cracked the insult. Requai didn’t seem intimidated, however, and Catty backed off. Her friend faked a cough, acting like she actually found the joke funny. Requai went back to talking to some others. Then Catty gripped her hands together, assuring Aly that she was praying for her well-being, that and more than likely asking that she could do something, anything; at least catch a stupid ball, as ridiculous as it sounded.
Aly tossed the ball underhand, letting the blue globe slide off the tips of her little fingers. It soared for what felt like a broken essence in time, stretching and breaking the fabrics of the biosphere and engaging in contact with a wall that the creatures on this particular speck in the known galaxy designated to be a “tree.”
Aly watched. The ball rolled over itself, forming ripples into its form as its mass pushed into the hard, worn, brownish green wood. When the force couldn’t go any farther, the ripples went in reverse and pushed the sphere off into the soft red dirt on the ground. The sound it made was no longer a flop, but a boom. Aly felt the vibrations from the tiny wave send information into her feet, up her spine, and all the way into the proper sensory channels that were housed in the uniquely designed brain that fired sparks of information beyond the speed of light.
Aly didn’t blink, she didn’t move, she didn’t breathe. Follow, bounce. Follow, bounce. Follow, bounce. The rhythm was constant, slowly increasing in pace, but still constant. Left, down, right, up, down, right, left, down, up. Aly’s eyes moved along with the currents of the ball perfectly. She didn’t wonder why no one else was able to catch it, since they could do the same thing. She didn’t wonder what would happen when it would switch its pattern and bounce back. She didn’t even wonder if her hands would be quick enough to make the catch in time. None of it mattered. If nature was always going to take its course, it didn’t matter.
The ball just made the spin, and Aly couldn’t see Teacher lifting a hand up to his face so he couldn’t warn her. The ball would come back with another bounce. She’d never know how hard it was for him not to yell “Now!” so she could duck, and avoid more humiliation.
The ball bounced, and the delay in time was gone. It wasn’t pressing against the fabrics anymore, but gnashing at the thin strands trying to keep it away from the tiny Goolian standing as stiff as green oak wood. The ball was ferocious! It was going to rip the poor creature in half before she even knew she was struck. Such speed, such anger, such rage.
She thought she heard Teacher say part of her name, perhaps to help her, unaware of the fact that he was ignoring original precautions and letting civilized compassion take over. Still, he waited too long. The moment for warning had passed, and the sphere that was once a beautiful blue globe of sparkles was now the bringer of the very essences of agony and torture. 
Aly gasped, her eyes widening when she realized the ball’s hidden purpose. To her, it was screaming wildly, with its anger still cutting against the gravity. No, she was too late. The Little One squinted her eyes and held up her hands in the hope that the one desperate attempt would ease some of the inevitable rage. It didn’t.
Catty shrieked and covered her mouth. Teacher started to rush over, but it was too late. The deed was done. None of the Little Ones laughed that time. The humor in the sick game was gone. Besides, they were too shocked to do anything.
“Truth’s Grace, Aly.” Teacher’s steps seemed cautious as he approached her and squatted down. “Are you... Nay. I may be required to search the records, yet I think this is to be the first time one has ever... Goodness be. Well done. Truly, well done, indeed.”
Everyone in the class clapped quietly as Aly rolled the caught dankerball in her hand.
“Yay, Alytchai!” Catty cheered.
Aly looked down at the ball resting in her palms and shrugged. It wasn’t that big of a deal, after all.
“Well, truly, all are to have two tries, thus you must redo.” Teacher pointed at the trees. “And be sure to be thorough with your release, yes?”
Aly nodded and tossed the ball a little harder. Her eyes stuck to the ball’s movements like glue until she saw it make its move. Too fast. The ball shot straight at her, moving ten milos faster. She dropped onto her back and Teacher leapt behind her since it looked like she wasn’t going to be able to stop it. The Little One, however, kicked the ball up in the air just in the nick of time.
Aly flipped back onto her feet and let the dankerball drop into one of her hands when it descended. The class’ cheers made her ears ring, but that didn’t stop them from chanting her name. The gray-eyed Goolian covered her face when she felt her blue blood rushing to it, but she couldn’t hide her smile. She looked up at the instructor and offered the ball back to him, but Teacher was still too puzzled to grab it.
“Apologies, Master,” Aly said as her ears drooped. “Perhaps the ball has worn out its use due to the prior bounces.”
“Nay, Little One.” Teacher counted the dankos swimming inside. “Truly, this ball has several more healthy decades in its life. You simply aced today’s reflex test.”
The class cheered again. Requai and Glani crossed their arms and glared at Aly after they clapped twice. Teacher hurried over to his bag and pulled out two shinier dankerballs with deeper pigments. The Little Ones ogled over the twinkling globes as Teacher handed one to Aly.
“If this one would like, perhaps you would prefer a greater challenge. It be best if I could check your reflexes with some slightly better recordings.”
Aly examined the ball in her hand and counted the dankos inside. It had eighteen, three times as many as the one from before. She looked up at Teacher and raised a brow. The elder Goolian grabbed her hand and walked her a little ways off so the Little Ones couldn’t hear.
“Yet, only if you wish to do so, dearest,” Teacher added. “Truly, you have proven yourself beyond expectations already, thus your pappai shall be gravely filled with pride due to such reports. Be that as it may, perhaps knowing your limits may help in other matters, yes?”
Aly eyed the class; most of them were still chatting about how awesome Aly’s stunt was. Joquin and Catty tried to lean in to see what she and Teacher were talking about, but their ears were still too young to hear that far. Aly shrugged and bounced the ball once.
“If you would have it, Teacher, then let it be.”
“Very good then!” Teacher went back to the bag. He pulled out a large steel helmet and placed it over Aly’s head. The Little One almost toppled over, but Teacher straightened her back up. He knelt down to see how she looked in it. He could barely see her eyes.
“You can see well, yes?”
Aly tried readjusting the headgear. “I think I shall manage... I think.”
“Truth’s Grace, I beg I do not regret this,” Teacher grumbled underneath his breath.
“Pardon?”
“Nothing. Hold, Aly.” Teacher put up a safety net around the surrounding trees and the mastra. “Mere precautions.”
Everyone gasped when Teacher pulled two more balls out of a nearby bag. The Little Ones placed bets on how long the little mastra would last, giggling and pointing out the future embarrassment she would have. Aly tried to look up at the Adult again, but her helmet slumped over her eyes the second she lifted her head. Teacher squatted down and tipped the headgear up with one finger so Aly could have a better look at him.
“Shall this one try two or three?”
“Uh, if I may, can I try three?”
“Of course, dearest. Whatever you wish.” Teacher patted her on the head as he got behind her. “I shall not stand too far off, just in case, very good?”
“Very good, Teacher.”
The Little One got into her readying stance and waited. The class got quiet again as Teacher lowered one arm and tossed the first ball underhand. The dankerball was slow at first, but the more it bounced, the faster it got. Aly didn’t even blink once as her pupils followed the movements. And then, the switch. She ducked with milliseconds to spare. The rest of the Little Ones shrieked and laughed as the net caught the dankerball and sent it back out into the trees.
Teacher threw the remaining balls out. Aly didn’t know he prayed he wouldn’t have to explain why the former sparring priest’s daughter got beat up by three balls meant for older children. She eased his worrying, however, with every dip, swoop, and flip she performed. 
Aly’s movements were phenomenal. She hopped and caught one ball between her shins. Still midair, she tossed it up, making it hit one of the other two. She heard Teacher yelp as he ducked his head, the first ball zipping right over him.
His outburst was what made Aly lose her concentration. The second she turned around to see if she did something wrong, the third dankerball struck her in the temple. She squealed as the blow knocked her flat on her back. The Little Ones went hysterical, but Catty and Joquin didn’t laugh.
Teacher hurried over to help the Little One up. She was okay. Embarrassed, but okay. He caught the final two balls seconds later and set them back over by the bag. Aly kicked a stick as she waited to hear her evaluation.
“A round of applause for Aly,” Teacher said. “Well performed, indeed.”
To her surprise, the Little Ones were more than willing to cheer and clap for the mastra. She looked at the ground, trying to hide her smile again. Catty tried to blow a whistle, but she didn’t know how to do that yet. 
When the class settled down, Teacher turned Aly to him.
“How was this one able to avoid the balls for so long?”
“Well, I merely tried to keep my eyes on whichever seemed a threat at the time.”
Teacher tilted his head and Aly wasn’t sure if she had said something odd. She fiddled with one of her side tents as she awaited his response.
“Truly, you were able to follow the balls’ movements with your eyes?” he eventually asked.
“That is thus. Why? Can you not?”
Teacher bit his lip again as he straightened up. “Break time, class. Off with you, Little Ones. And, I beg, be sure to use the restroom.” 
The class ran off. Aly was about to follow them, but Teacher called her over.
“You have done beyond well this day, Little One. Even so, it be a grand deal that you practice your being some more, yes? You can only receive a blue star on your report card like everyone else if you manage to control it, very good?”
The Little One nodded as she strolled away with the others.

Teacher went over to the bags so he could place the balls back in them, but paused. He looked at the net, then the trees, and shrugged as he grabbed the blue spheres and stood where Aly had placed herself. He tossed one and dodged it without effort. Too easy for someone his age. He figured he’d be able to take all three on with no problem, just like Aly did, and flung them out.
It didn’t seem so bad at first, but the more the balls bounced, the more Teacher struggled. He avoided getting hit for a while, but his movements weren’t anywhere near as graceful as the Little One’s. Nine seconds in, all three stuck him in the chest or belly. He grunted as he bent over, watching the spheres roll away into the forest.
Teacher counted the seconds in his head. Aly beat him by twenty, and the only reason she stopped was because he distracted her. Impressive. No, more than impressive. It was close to miraculous. Still, the Mature Aged Goolian chuckled as he thought the facts over. Sure, Aly could dodge three dankerballs, but Goolian worth was proven by how well she could utilize one’s inner being. Since that was the case, she had a lot of work to do.
Aly must’ve known that was the case as well, since she came back to the sparring grounds after school. Shanvi used to let the students train over whatever suited them best when he was in charge of the sparring grounds, so Teacher did the same. He still groaned when Aly grabbed a dankerball while everyone else went to practicing their being, though.
The mastra bounced the one ball twice and let it loose. Her movements were just too smooth, even by Goolian standards. Teacher could tell she was bored when she sighed after ducking the tenth time.
“Not challenging enough, nay?” he said as he approached the Little One. 
Aly caught the ball in her hand before turning around and shaking her head. Teacher went over to his bag again and pulled out a navy-blue dankerball. Aly lost her look of boredom when he approached her with it and handed it to her.
The ball was denser and heavier. However, it shot up like a rocket the second she bounced it. She fell back on her rear as Teacher waited for the ball to come back down. It did, seven seconds later.
“Careful,” he said as he handed the ball back to Aly. “This is the sort that the Young Ones around the age of twenty and thirty practice with.”
The mastra nodded happily as she ran back to her spot. She was about to fling it but Teacher leapt and landed in front of her.
“Careful, I say,” he said more sternly. “Truly, these do not need such a grand amount of strength on your end.”
The Little One didn’t say anything again, only studying the inside of the ball before turning around. Teacher was going to tell her that she didn’t have to be so reclusive around him as well, but he figured pressuring her into opening up would only make her quieter. Social development had a processing speed that varied to each child, anyways.

Teacher went back to check on the others, and that notion alone struck the little Goolian hard. Her ears flopped down because he didn’t want to watch her anymore. Maybe he would’ve stayed if she had said something to keep his attention. But then, what was she supposed to say? She wasn’t good with talking to people, especially grown-ups. Not fair.
Frustrated with her own incompetence, Aly threw the dankerball as hard as she could. The sphere slammed against a tree and shot back faster than the blink of an eye. That didn’t bother the Goolian, though. She tilted her head to the left and felt the breeze from the ball blow her tents back. The ball went out again and came back with a vengeance. Still, no effort needed on her end.

Teacher was helping Joquin and some others readjust their stance when he heard the limb from a tree snap. Without even looking, he spun around, ready to intervene for Aly’s sake. However, when he did look, the little mastra was bouting against the dankerball for all its worth. A hand stand, a tumble, a duck, a dodge – the child was just too good to be true.
He trotted back to the net and watched quietly. Aly was in a world of her own and it only included a few trees and that single ball. The sphere got faster with every bounce, but Aly found its rhythm. Tumble, duck, and dodge. Tumble, duck, dodge. And when tumbling became too risky, she narrowed her movements down to duck and dodge.
The mastra didn’t blink, and as far as Teacher could tell, she didn’t even breathe. And as he watched the tiny Goolian, he studied the fierceness in her eyes. Those brilliant, bright, gray eyes. How marvelous they were. How alert. How in-tuned... No. How troubling.
The more Teacher studied Aly’s concentration, the more he came to the realization; Aly’s eyes weren’t that bright anymore. No. Something was wrong. Something was horribly wrong. The more he watched, the wider her pupils became. And her eyes got darker, and darker, and darker, and––
“Enough, Aly,” he said. 
The mastra came out of her trance and caught the ball without missing a beat. When she turned around, she looked at Teacher with the most innocent-looking, bright gray eyes. The elder scratched the back of his right ear as he looked away.
“Perhaps this one should practice her being for the remainder of the day, yes?”
“Very good, Teacher.” Aly’s groan was surprisingly loud and Teacher could’ve sworn she even rolled her eyes as she took the ball back to its bag.
He heard rustling from above, so Aly stopped walking just in time for Catty to plummet out of the trees in front of her. Teacher didn’t think her landing was that great, but Catty still laughed at how Aly jolted back.
“Aly,” Catty said with a huge smile, “I was aiding others with their being for a moment, yet they have all retired for home. Still, here you be! Why not come with me and I can display how it works?”
“If you insist, I suppose. Yet I fear this one shall waste her time with me.”
“What silly talk!” Catty tugged Aly along. “Why, at least you and I shall have a moment to play, yes?”
Teacher couldn’t believe it. Aly was actually smiling as she walked with Catty. Now, that was a miracle, if he’d ever seen one. And what a beautiful smile the Little One had. He hoped she’d find more reasons to let it out more often. He climbed a tree, leaned back on one of the limbs, and evaluated the two’s interaction.
Aly hurried back to the bag so she could drop the dankerball off. She paused for a quick moment before pulling out another ball instead. It was one of the younger children’s versions. She frowned as she dribbled it a little.
“A moment, yes?” She tossed the ball at a tree. It bounced and zipped by Catty, who ducked. Aly laughed and Teacher smirked as the ball lost its momentum and bounced away. 
“Truly, why not catch the ball as Teacher would have us do?” Catty asked.
“Easy. We cannot catch a ball of inner being, yes? It be too hot. Would we not be better off avoiding getting hit altogether then?”
“Hmm. A good point.”
Teacher shook his head as he smiled. A bright warrior’s mind already.
“Still, why can you not control your being, Aly? You be a weird one.”
“Am not.”
“Truly, you are.”
Aly spun around and threw the dankerball at Catty. Teacher was about to hop out of the tree, but the sphere struck the Little One in the side of the head and knocked her over before he could jump.
“Ow!”
Aly laughed as Catty sat up and rubbed her cheek. To Teacher’s surprise, Catty started laughing as well. His heart sank back into his chest as he scooted back on the branch he was resting on.
Aly was about to pick up the ball, but Catty grabbed her wrist and dragged her over to the being-control grounds. Once there, the other mastra mimicked Teacher by folding her hands behind her back.
“I shall help you with your being,” Catty said. She spaced Aly’s legs out a little farther than she already had them. “Now, like this.”
Teacher nodded. The lively one was pretty observant. Then he watched Catty direct Aly with her breathing exercises, and the “pupil” followed the directions perfectly. Teacher rubbed his head, now seeing how perfect Aly’s form was from a distance.
Aly then stretched out her palms and waited for the order. Catty stood behind the mastra, just as Teacher would, and placed her tiny hands on her own hips.
“You feel something now, yes?”
Aly turned around, baffled.
“Um, is this when I am supposed to?”
Teacher slapped his forehead. He already knew what was going to happen next. Disappointment.
“Well, I usually do by this point,” Catty said, scratching her head. “No worries. Perhaps you should still try, yes? Just push.”
“Push?”
“Truly,” Catty said, now standing beside Aly and showing her the final needed motion. “Just push. Like this.” She stretched her fingers out and a wave of heat left her palms.
Aly shrugged and mimicked the movement like she was Catty’s mirror, as far as Teacher could tell. She frowned when she was denied the hint of energy emitting from her hands. She got out of her form and shrugged again.
“See? I am no good at such things. I best stay with the dankerball. If anything, I am at least fair with that and the bow.”
“Oh, no you do not!” Catty shoved Aly back into the basic stance again.
Teacher crossed his arms and leaned forward. Truly, what a good friend she be. I pray such a friendship lasts beyond these early years.
“Now, out with it, Aly!” Catty said. “Try again, very good?”
And Aly did try. She tried once. She tried another time, and when she got to attempt number ten, the Little One hopped up and down in frustration. Catty laughed as she made her friend settle down.
“Very well, enough then! Perhaps in the morrow, yes? Now, why not try something different?”
“Well, if I can say freely, you could use a hand with your reflexes,” Aly said as she pondered. “Perhaps I can aid you with the dankerball?”
Teacher sat straight up.
“I can teach you how I manage in dodging three, if you like,” Aly finished.
“Very well, Little Mastras.” Teacher dropped out of his tree. “I fear the suns indicate the lateness. I shall not have your parents fretting over their darlings, yes?”
Catty and Aly looked at each other, shrugged, and raced each other back to their school bags. Teacher blew out some air as he rubbed his forehead with his forearm. Now, that would have been catastrophic. 

* * *


Chapter 4
“Be quick now, Mastras,” Catty shouted as she ran down the dirt road to class. “I shall get to the board beyond any of you!”
She found herself being the leader of the seven mastras during the past month. At first, every female wanted to befriend her since she was so good at using her being – that and she was the wealthiest child in the entire tribe. However, Requai and Glani took the responsibility of making sure no one intruded into their ranks beyond the original seven.
Aly wouldn’t have made the “cut” if it wasn’t for Catty, though. The other mastras didn’t like the thought, initially, until they realized Aly could carry their books and scrolls. So, the mastra could never race after the rest of her “friends” to school, given she was too preoccupied with holding everything.
“Delay me not!” Catty shouted as she kept running. “And that includes you as well, Aly. Come now!”
“Truly, Aly,” Requai said as she turned around. “What delays you?”
The other girls heard her yelp. They turned around and shrieked when they saw what all the fuss was about.
“What has this one done?!” one of the girls cried. “Alytchai, you dolt! Why not be more careful?”
“Apologies!” Aly ran off the dirt road to catch the papyrus flying away. “I tripped over a rock and stumbled.”
The mastras rushed back to grab their belongings for themselves.
“This one cannot even carry others’ items, let alone control her being,” another Little One joked. “Silly Aly.”
Catty playfully laughed off the insult as she went over to help her friend pick everything up.
“Hold,” Requai said as she held her back. “Why trouble over this? Truly, are you not the field lord’s offspring? This one has no need to toil over this. Was this not Aly’s error?”
The others around her chimed in and agreed. Aly, who was still trying to grab everything, stopped and looked at her. The helpless stare struck a nerve in Catty, who remembered how Aly never intervened on her behalf whenever Requai made fun of her. On top of that, she wasn’t too sure if she could deal with such a needy person always begging for pity. Still, none of this seemed right.
Catty stepped forward and the mastras gasped. She paused as she studied everyone’s face and realized they were going to be disappointed if she didn’t meet their expectations. And why would she want to disappoint them? They were her friends.
“A...good point,” Catty eventually said, avoiding eye contact with Aly. “Surely, you can handle this yourself, yes?”
“Well, truly,” Aly answered.
The Little Ones’ ears twitched when they heard a ringing sound in the distance.
Catty shrieked. “Nay! We are to be late!”

The rest of the mastras ran off to start a new school day. Aly took her time picking up the rest of the scrolls since there wasn’t a point in rushing anymore. She’d be late, regardless. That wasn’t on her mind, however. Her grades were coming back around. They weren’t great, but manageable. The sparring grounds, however, were still another story.
While everyone else had the extravagance of talking about being a blacksmith, or a merchant, or even a maid in Catty’s house when they grew up, Aly just wanted to control her being. She still wanted to be a bakery priest, of course, but she had plenty of time to learn how to do that. She was good at everything else, so she needed to keep her priorities down to the basics. In the meantime, she’d better make sure she didn’t leave any of her own books and scrolls behind.
When she finished picking everything up, the Little One strolled down the road, still struggling to keep a grip on everyone’s belongings. She came across a winged creature called a sila perched on a branch. It had to be a male, due to how red the chest was. The majority of his body was scaled while all four wings were feathered. The antennae protruding from the creature’s head twitched from left to right as Aly headed to the tree. The sila was chirping a happy tune, so Aly set the scrolls down to listen. She might as well use the extra time for all its worth.
The sila sensed he had gained an audience and looked down at the little Goolian with his blue compound eyes. Knowing that the child wouldn’t harm a bug, he went right back to singing.
“Truly, that be a happy song,” Aly said. 
The sila added an extra note to his song and sped up the tempo, like he was telling her “thank you.” Aly tapped her left foot with the beat, letting the rhythm make a pattern, honing in on the notes, absorbing the essence that the creature emitted with every pitch. She closed her eyes, cleared her throat, and the sila stopped.
“This one would not mind if I try, nay?” she asked as she opened her eyes.  
The sila tilted his head from side to side, not making another peep. Aly took in a deep breath and gave a note. Her voice was frail and weak, but wasn’t bad for a Little One trying to sing on her own.
When she sounded a little flat, Aly stopped and let the sila cut back in again. She giggled as she clapped to the tune.
“You are so grand at this,” she said as she hopped once. “Very well. Hmm, I see. May I not try again?”
The sila kept singing, as if telling Aly that she could, but he wasn’t expecting much. Aly flapped her wrists a little, straightened her neck, and tried again. She got the note on cue, but it still wasn’t as strong as the sila’s. Even so, the creature didn’t stop singing that time, so Aly felt more self-assured.
With every pitch the creature gave, Aly answered back with more confidence in hers. The sila tried overpowering the Goolian’s voice, but it became too strong. Aly realized she was getting too bold when her singing partner stopped and backed off a little.
“Apologies. I beg, continue.”
The sila accepted the Little One’s apology and chimed in again. Aly followed the melody an octave lower and the sila rocked back and forth, content with his masterpiece.
However, Aly wasn’t satisfied at all. There was something missing. She stopped when she tried to figure out what it was, and the sila frowned when he didn’t hear his singing partner anymore. 
“Nay!” Aly said, holding up her hands in defense. “I beg, I merely wanted to try something different. This one would not mind, nay?”
The sila’s head went completely upside down, not an odd thing for it to do. Aly waited for his answer, and it came in the form of him simplifying the tune. Perfect.
The breeze got colder as Aly’s eyes grew brighter. The other creatures around the forest went silent, as if an unknown sensation enveloped everything. The mastra’s lungs suddenly felt more powerful than ever. She just wanted to scream out as loud as she could, but no. That wouldn’t be right. That wouldn’t be fair.
Instead, two measures into the sila’s song, Aly slid into the melody with a harmony that bounced off it like morning dew dripping off the leaves. It was foreign, but wondrously natural at the same time. The Goolian smiled as she closed her eyes and let the soul of the song direct her tune.
A ray of sunlight poked through the shade of one of the trees as the two sang. The sila led on as long as he could, but an unspoken force insisted that he wasn’t fit to lead anymore. Without missing a beat, Aly’s voice rolled ahead into the lead as the sila became the support.
Sailing. Soaring. Higher and lower. That was what the aura to the song did. It was powerful, but gentle. Precise, but smooth. Direct, but natural as the song carried on into the air. Before he knew it, the sila was cast underneath a spell from Aly’s song. And while the angelic voice from the Little One kept soaring, the sila stopped, overwhelmed by the secret the song whispered. He couldn’t comprehend with such a young creature singing on a level that the forces of nature never realized. So, the sila listened, and listened some more, succumbing to his role of no longer being a partner, but a privileged audience and receiver of a wonderful gift.
Aly heard the school bell chime again and stopped. She opened her eyes and looked at the sila, not noticing the glazed look he had in his.
“A fun tune that was, indeed,” the Little One said as she bowed and picked up the scrolls. “Truly, I shall hum it all the way to class, very good? Be well, little friend.”
Aly turned around and skipped down the road, humming the song, just as she promised. Because of that, she didn’t notice the bugs not buzzing or other silas not chirping. The aura of her essence was still sailing in the air.

* * *

“Truly, what a shock this be,” Master Slew said as he crossed his arms. “I never was to think you would be a late one for class, Aly.”
No one in the classroom made a peep as the mastra looked around to see if anyone was going to explain why she was late. Nobody spoke up. Not even Catty.
“Well, let us not delay, dearest,” Slew said as he brushed his white tents back. “I am pleased to see that you arrived. What is more, I suppose I may grant your tardiness due to your generosity, yes? Your friends told me that you offered to carry their scrolls for them.”
Aly forced a nod.
“Uh huh, I see.” Slew tried to keep himself from looking at her “friends.” He made a mental note to keep a better eye on that group of mastras from now on. “Go on to your seat, Little One.”
Aly noticed that Catty had kept a desk free beside her. She took the seat, but intently avoided eye contact with her. Catty tapped Aly’s desk with a finger, and Aly ignored her by pulling out her writing tools.
The children were disappointed when they headed to the sparring grounds later on. No dankerballs, no nets, not even padding beneath the trees. They didn’t rush into their lines as quickly as they usually did when Teacher told them to fall in.
“I know this is indeed an odd thing,” Teacher said as he stood in front of the Little Ones with his hands behind his back. “You lot usually begin school days here, yet I fear I am to present some adjustments. It was my plan to continue your reflex training, yet there has been an apparent change in your schedule. I have two items to show you.”
The master pulled a scroll from behind his back so the class could get a look, though he didn’t hold it up for long since he knew they wouldn’t be able to read the lettering. Goolians had a more formal form of their hieroglyphs – like cursive – but that form of writing wasn’t taught to younger people. Some Young Ones didn’t even know how to read it yet. Besides, most of the Little Ones were still learning the basic forms even now. 
“Exciting news, Little Ones.” Teacher patted the scroll in his hand. “Overseer Greagen himself has commanded all classes to speed up the current curriculum by another two months.”
“Truly, the overseer of the entire planet wrote to our tribe?” Catty whispered to Aly. “Is that not grand?”
“It is,” Aly answered, figuring it was okay to talk to her again. “I wonder what he is to look like. Why, I wish I could meet him!”
“What be a cur-i-cu-lum?” Joquin asked Teacher as he raised a hand.
“It be what we have already planned to teach you. Now, we know not why he has made such a request, yet this means you lot get to do one-on-one combat now.”
“Yay!” the Little Ones squealed.
“I knew you would approve.” Teacher placed the scroll into his back pocket. “Yet that was not the only order given from His Honor. We were expecting your class to take part in the Evaluations in another twelve years, yet that has been altered as well. You shall have your course in the tests in nine years, instead.”
Aly and Catty both gasped. A letter from the overseer and being evaluated sooner than expected had to be a joke. Then again, they didn’t even care why they were getting a head start on things. The Evaluations were more important than ever before, especially to Aly. Her time frame for learning how to control her being was just cut down drastically.
The Evaluations were a rite of passage of sorts to Goolians, with it being the only chance one could prove his/her worth of serving as a true Goolian in all three areas: fighting, learning, and finally, working. By the time they took part in them, Goolians were in their late teens, already being well-versed with a basic education and working the fields. In that sense, the two quotas of working and learning were covered.
The main part of the Evaluations, however, covered fighting and defending one’s tribe. Small teams would travel the unknown wilderness for days and see how long they could endure the wild without the aid of Adult supervision, while trying to eliminate other teams by bettering them in combat. The fighting was never lethal, but the assessments had thorough reasons for alarm, even to a five-year-old.
Aly gulped. The sparring grounds were supposed to prepare Goolians for the test, and now she had three less years to do so. Even so, while time was speeding up too fast for her, nine years still felt like a lifetime to others. And how couldn’t it? The Little Ones’ tentacles didn’t even have a hint of color to them yet.
“Now, we are ready for some true fun, yes?” Teacher asked, dismissing the children’s sudden silence.
“Truly!” the class shouted.
“Very good, then! Now, prior to my sending you lot with partners, we shall have an example of how this shall go, very good? Thus, who shall I pick?”
Every arm shot into the air. Some jumped and shoved so Teacher could see them better.
“Are you well, Aly?” Catty said as she waved her hand. “You look troubled.”
“Truly, I would be troubled as well if I was just told that I had three less years to learn how to control my being,” Requai said. “You best hurry up, Aly. Otherwise you shall be of no use to anyone when we form groups.”
No use to anyone. Aly never thought she’d find herself in such a predicament. If she didn’t contribute to the tribe on all three methods, she would bring shame to the Alytchai name. What would her pappai say? What was her late mammai thinking while she watched the failure she was turning out to be? No, Aly couldn’t fall behind anymore. She just had to show her worth. With that in mind, she stretched her raised hand even higher.
“Mastra Cattalice the Younger,” Teacher said as he pointed at Catty. “You shall truly offer a good example, I am sure, yes? Approach, I beg.”
The class cheered as the star student marched up to the front. Catty’s smile was as big as her wave to her friends. The other six, with the exception of Aly, waved back.
“And who shall be this one’s opponent?” Teacher asked.
The Little Ones were even louder, knowing this was their final chance. Teacher laughed as he told everyone to calm down.
“Very well. Then I shall call upon...” The master lowered his finger. “Nay. Better yet, Alytchai, approach, I beg.”
The Little Ones whined as they glared at Aly. She was just as shocked as they were, since she didn’t even raise her hand that time. Then again, she had been called out before for not doing so. Grown-ups were a confusing bunch. Requai shoved the mastra when she took too long analyzing Mature Aged Goolians.
“Enough of that, Requai,” Teacher ordered. “Come, Aly. Let us not delay.”
Aly hurried up to the front and stood beside Catty, who was still smiling. Teacher then had the mastras stand across from each other, only a meter separating them.
“Now then, place your arms here, as such.” Teacher raised the mastras’ hands, placing Aly’s outside of Catty’s. “This shall serve as an extension of reflex training. Truly, I fear this is perhaps a little early, yet we shall make due, yes? The rules are of ease. Whoever strikes the other in the cheek first wins. Very good? Yet, I beg, play nice and show proper respect.”
The two nodded as they spaced their legs apart. Teacher stepped back and gave them the go-ahead, and thus the stare down commenced. The class got quiet as they watched, not knowing who was going to flinch first.

Catty examined her opponent’s confidence. Aly looked nervous, and that gave her assurance. So, she went in for the kill, and yelped when Aly slapped her cheek with the back of her palm. 
The class laughed, but Teacher didn’t look surprised at all when the mastra looked over to him.
“Very good, Alytchai,” he said. “Again.”
Catty was already in her stance the second she heard the order. Aly took her time placing her forearm against hers. She stiffened her muscles, not realizing Aly could feel the flexing.
“Ow! Aly!” Another slap. Catty stomped the ground as the class laughed again.
Teacher rubbed his face so the Little Ones wouldn’t see him smile. Catty saw her opponent’s confidence rise by the look in her eyes and knew she needed to turn the tides the next round. The two of them went back into their stances again. Catty flinched and Aly slapped her again, this time on both cheeks.
“Aly,” was all Teacher needed to say.
“Apologies,” the mastra said with a smile. She got into her stance again. 
Catty hopped back into position, only to have the other mastra pop her in the temple for what felt like the hundredth time. The mastra hissed as she broke form and lunged for Aly. Teacher would have interjected, but Catty was flipped over the mastra’s shoulder.
The crowd went insane. Aly’s eyes lit up with delight as her audience cheered her name.
Teacher went and helped Catty up. “You managed that technique extremely well, Mastra. I cannot deny my being impressed for such thorough movements for the first time, when I have yet to show you the such.”
“My thanks, yet if I may, Teacher, my pappai has taught me a few things over the weekends.”
“Then you are to cheat?” Catty asked.
“Catty, you know very well that there be little wrong in doing work beyond the learning board and sparring grounds.” Teacher placed a finger on her forehead and nudged it back. “No whining, very good? I shall not tolerate such traits in this class, especially from one of your nobility.”
“Apologies, Teacher.”
“Good. Class, the rest of you lot shall partner up and practice as well, yes? Hurry along with it, now. Be of haste. Aly, Catty, you shall remain paired, very good?”
“Very good, Teacher,” the two said as the rest of the class broke off.

Aly waited on Catty as she checked her form and breathing. By the look of her composure, her opponent had settled down. Time to get serious again.
The glares lasted for five seconds before Aly ducked underneath Catty’s swing. She countered by swatting back, but only caught wind as Catty leaned away. That round was a draw, but as far as Aly was concerned, it was a win for Catty. The next three sets were more draws, but Catty grew closer to a victory with each session. This one adapts quickly.
The other Little Ones laughed and joked whenever they slapped the other, but not these two. Aly knew Catty wouldn’t leave this conflict without a win and the thought actually scared her. She had never seen her friend look so upset before. She hated it.
The thought of losing on purpose crossed the Little One’s mind for a fraction of a second after the two got into position for the eighth time. Even so, when Catty swatted her hand at Aly’s face, she slapped it away. She wasn’t expecting Catty to trip her with one leg, however. Aly fell flat on her rear and got up just as quick. 
“You are a cheat,” Aly hissed as she pointed.
“I only countered as you did,” Catty snapped back.
“Nay, you only grow mad since you cannot beat me.”
“Can too!”
The two didn’t argue often, so they didn’t know how to close growing conflicts that well. They didn’t say anything else as they returned to their fighting stances.
“Do not trip me again,” Aly said.
“Or what? Shall you cry as a baby?”
Aly whacked Catty with the back of her hand, then slapped her other cheek. She then shoved the Little One to the ground and the rest of the class grew quiet when they saw the crime.
“What nonsense goes on over there?” Teacher barked as he marched over to the mastras.
Catty’s face went blue with rage. She screamed and charged. Aly was too surprised to do anything beyond stand, even though her nervous system hollered for her to take heed of her opponent’s left hand. It was that hand that burst into a yellow ball of energy as Catty ran.
“Cattalice!” Teacher turned his walk into a sprint. “Nay! Stand down! Stop!”
Had he run sooner, Teacher could’ve stopped her. Instead, Catty had just enough time to plow her fist, charged with being, into Aly’s chin before Teacher tackled her. Aly’s scream made the silas fly out of their nests. The Mature Aged grabbed Catty by the arm and made her sit up.
“Are you crazed?!”
Catty was too terrified to say anything, so her voice cracked when something vocal was supposed to come out. Teacher let the Little One go and crawled over to Aly. She was rolling around in the dirt, holding her chin and crying. 
“Hold still.” Teacher forced the Little One’s hand away from the wound so he could examine it. 
The right side of her chin was pink and swelling. Teacher pressed a hand over her burn and tried to calm her down. Aly kept crying and calling for her pappai when the pain didn’t go away.
“Nay, you are well,” Teacher said. “The burn is only minor.”
The Little One shut her eyes so she wouldn’t cry in front of everyone anymore. That was more important than the pain in her face. It was already bad enough that she called out to Shanvi in front of the other kids.
Inner being was pure energy at its fullest, and the best of Goolians could utilize it by what seemed to be countless means. It could be used to exhort a ball of plasma or even circulate enzymes that needed an extra push. Like Shanvi, Teacher was a person that could do this, which was one of the reasons why he was given the occupation.
Teacher took a breath and shut his eyes. The palm covering Aly’s chin glowed with a blue aura so bright that the mastra’s veins and jawbone were visible. Since the burn was only a first degree, the master didn’t have to exert too much being into it. He then helped Aly sit up and checked her face when a few seconds passed.
“Better, yes?” he asked.
Aly rubbed the wounded area. The skin was smoother than before, but at least the pain was gone. She couldn’t tell the healing had gone beyond that, however. The chin was as good as new. Teacher picked the Little One up and set her back on her feet. When Aly kept rubbing her face, he forced her hand down.
“Nay, the area still may get infected.” He looked at Catty, who was still sitting on the ground. “You, come here.”
The class didn’t make a peep as Catty stood up and walked over to Teacher. She folded her hands and bowed.
“I know not what to say to you at this instant due to my anger,” Teacher said. “Be that as it may, your parents shall be told of your dealings this afternoon, very good?”
“Very good, Teacher.”
“Go and help her clean her face, now.”
Aly looked like she was in as much trouble as Catty by the way she headed to the nearby creek. Both of them heard the whispering from the rest of the class. Some were poking fun at Aly for being such a baby, while others said Catty was probably just giving her opponent a lesson.
Regardless, the two didn’t say a word once they made it to the stream that was still within eye distance from Teacher. Aly cleaned her face from the dirt and tears without looking at Catty.
The other mastra dipped her hands into the crystal clear water and held it up to Aly’s cheek. Aly, however, swatted her hand away, and the water splashed into the other mastra’s lap. Catty’s ears flopped down as her lips quivered. She scooted away, and left the ticking time bomb to herself.

* * *

Aly struck the portal door to Shanvi’s hut out of the way with the side of her fist after sessions were over, not even wanting to stay for practice. The regulars in the store stopped chatting as the Little One stormed off to the back. Shanvi stopped wiping the counter.
“Um, are you well, Alytchai?” a mastra asked. “The errand messenger informed us as to what happened.”
“My thanks, yet I am well,” Aly said as she ran into the back room, now knowing the incident was probably the talk of the town that entire afternoon.
The customers looked at Shanvi and some got out of their seats, since they figured the master needed some time with his Little One.
“Nay, I beg, stay.” Shanvi set his cleaning towel down. “I shall return shortly.”
When he pushed the curtain to his child’s room away, Aly was stretched out across her bed, head buried in a pillow. Shanvi sat on the edge. 
“So, no staying after practice today, nay?”
Aly growled into her pillow. Bad joke. Shanvi made the Little One face him so he could check her chin, but she didn’t even look at him. She was too angry to look at anyone.
“It looks not as severe,” Shanvi said with a smile.
“If I may, Pappai?”
“You may.”
“Truly, you were not the one to be struck, yes?”
Shanvi laughed as he hugged his daughter. He kissed Aly on the cheek and rubbed her head.
“My, I fear how others shall perceive this one once her sharp tongue becomes public! Be of ease, dearest. Perhaps you are right to be upset. Be that as it may, a gentle spirit triumphs an aggressive act.”
Aly tilted her head and raised a brow. “What?”
“Truly, you are too fresh in youth to understand such proverbs as they be, yet fear not. They shall make better sense in your grander...” Shanvi’s left ear twitched as he turned around. “Oh dear. Here we go.”
Aly’s hearing wasn’t as good as her pappai’s, so she didn’t hear the two grown-up Goolians marching down the street the way he did. Shanvi patted Aly on the face twice before he got up and waited.
“If I may, is there trouble, Pappai?”
“Be still, Aly. All is well.”
Shanvi heard the front door burst open and a Mature Aged Goolian demand his whereabouts. His Little One crossed her legs and scooted back against the wall. He forced a smile when Cattalice the Elder was the first to poke her head through the curtain. When she saw Aly, the mastra almost cried and covered her mouth.
“Oh, you poor dearest little thing.” Cattalice looked at Shanvi, as if wondering if the two of them were still friends, and when the master shrugged, she fell to her knees and bowed.
Shanvi glanced at Aly, whose ears perked up, probably never thinking she’d see the day that the field lord’s mate would make such a gesture to a commoner like her pappai. Quongun came through the curtain seconds later and locked eyes with him. He too, dropped to the ground.
“Our most deepest apologies, Teacher. We come to you with heavy shame.”
“We beg that this one shall find it in his heart to forgive us,” Cattalice said, still trying not to cry.
Shanvi made the couple get up. “Will you two not calm yourselves? Truly, such commotion from people of your stature shall scare my customers from returning. I was in the midst of even telling Aly that friends may fight from time to time. No harm has been done.”
Quongun crossed his arms. “Nay, I fear this is where we are to disagree, Master.”
Cattalice sat and scooted over to Aly, cupping her face. She felt the smooth area that was burned and that was probably what made her ears shoot straight out. That was a clear sign of anger. Aly looked at Shanvi, more likely contemplating on whether she needed to call for help or not.
“Dearest, I beg, let us not make a scene,” Quongun insisted.
“Hold your tongue!” Cattalice pulled Aly close to her, as if she was her own child. “Our own flesh and blood has the nerve to fight the dearest Little One in our village, let alone her dearest friend!”
Shanvi rubbed his cheeks. “I am sure Catty feels remorse already.”
“Truly,” Quongun said. “Yet fret not. She has been properly disciplined. I assure you, such actions shall never befall Aly again.”
Aly, who was still being smothered by Cattalice, looked up at her pappai. Truly. Is all this grand attention necessary? Shanvi moved his hands to his temples when he heard Teacher approach the door.
“Back here.”
The front door creaked open again. Then Teacher poked his head through the curtain, scratching his head.
“Teach– I mean, Master Shanvi, I thought the store hours were opened.”
“They are. Why does this one speak as this?”
“The dining room is vacant. That be all.”
“Truth’s Grace.” Shanvi groaned and rubbed his face. Then he turned the other two masters around and shoved. “That be it. All of you, out. This is my Little One’s bedroom and we shall not discuss delicate matters in her company, very good? Mistress Cattalice, I fear this includes you as well.”
The mastra sighed as she let Aly go. She grabbed the Little One’s hands as she faced her, down on one knee.
“Truly, we regret Catty’s actions today, Aly. Yet, I beg, let this not spoil your dealings at school in the morrow, yes?”
“Very good, Mistress.”
The elder female kissed the Little One’s hands, smiled, and walked out the room. Shanvi nodded at the mastra in gratitude and shook a finger at Aly.
“Be sure to complete your afterschool workings, very good? Practice your counting up to one and a hundred. In the meantime, I fear I must discuss some boring talks, so remain here until then.”
“No worries, Pappai,” Aly said, already grabbing a scroll and writing utensil. “If I may, you elders have confused me greatly today.”
Shanvi chuckled as he went back to the front. Teacher, Quongun, and Cattalice were already sitting at one of the tables in the far corner so Alytchai couldn’t hear them. Before joining them, he went over to the abandoned chairs, placed the currency the customers left on the tables into a pocket, and picked up the bowls.
“Again, I say there be little need for concern,” Teacher said to the couple. “Catty is well behaved and liked by the others in school.”
“Perhaps this is where the issue resides,” Quongun insisted as Shanvi cleaned the bowls. “You did say that Aly bested Catty with reflex trainings, yes? For one of their age, losing to one that – with all due respect, Teacher Shanvi – has yet to catch up with other dealings, may be a blow to the inner pride.”
“With this, I agree,” Cattalice said. “I am still appalled at Catty’s actions. Those two have been friends since they were born, and Catty is only grander in age by two months! My greatest fear is that a friendship might be squandered due to foolish enmity. With the highest regards, Teacher, should you not be more observant of things?”
Quongun looked like he was about to interject on the sparring priests behalf, but he probably realized there wasn’t a point in stopping his mate once she had a point to make. Shanvi placed three bowls of water in front of the Goolians, along with a plate of leaves and bread. He cleared his throat and sat down beside Teacher.
“In Teacher’s defense, I must say that training a lot of children and monitoring their lively states of mind is no easy task,” he said. “We cannot expect him to take full responsibility with developing personalities at their age. Nay, child rearing at home is still of grave importance.”
He glanced at Cattalice, who eyed the table. He placed a hand on hers and patted it. “Thus, such is why it takes a great multitude to nurture a single child, yes?” Shanvi squeezed the mastra’s hand. She squeezed back.
Teacher ran a finger around his bowl’s rim. “As much as I appreciate and agree wholeheartedly with all sentiments, I also understand both parties face unique situations. “One Little One is offspring to the field lord of the entire village. Eyes are thus already on her. She may feel inclined to exceed the expectations of not only her peer class, yet the entire tribe as well.
“And then there be the other Little One, offspring to the beloved former sparring priest. With that alone, expectations are thus placed at a higher standard than normal. Yet she struggles to meet the basic needs and requirements of our culture. A lot of pressure has thus been placed on them, and the fact that their curriculum has sped up shall not help matters out, I fear.”
Cattalice quickly sipped some water from her bowl and held up a finger. “And speaking of which  by Truth’s Grace  we have not suffered any quarrels with the neighboring tribes. Thus why would Overseer Greagen see the need to direct tribal dealings when he is to have greater concerns on a planetary level? Does he not think we know how to manage our local affairs?”
“Who knows what is to go on in the administration’s mind?” Quongun said.
Shanvi crossed his arms and shook his head. “Well, I for one, applaud him. Do you not recall the conversation about the Little Ones climbing trees a while ago, Cattalice? The tribe has grown quite soft as of late, and too accustomed to peaceful times. While I rejoice in the fact that we do not know the horrors of war, I fear our present generations have grown weaker due to it.”
“How does living in peace make one weak, Master?” Cattalice demanded.
“With the simplest of ease. Centuries ago, the sparring grounds and Evaluations were used to calculate who could truly defend the tribes the best. And now, they are simply a manner for us to keep in physical shape, that and a cultural tradition we use to remember darker times. Why, such values are becoming as relevant as the old Cyogen stories we tell the Little Ones around the campfire. Call me brutal if you must, yet I am proud that my Aly is to take part in the Evaluations earlier than usual. Such acts may be good for us as a whole people, yes?”
Cattalice leaned back in her seat, rubbing her arms. “Be that as it may, such grander ideals do not settle our more trivial concerns. I beg, we must settle the implied rivalry between Aly and Catty prior to it becoming something more severe.”
“Mistress Cattalice,” Teacher said, “you speak of the fear of a rivalry being formed, yet I fear a rivalry is thus inevitable.”
Quongun and Cattalice looked at Shanvi, who didn’t seem as troubled as they did by the notion.
Teacher took a sip of water as he checked the suns. “Be that as it may, we may still nurture this into a positive form.”
“You say nurture, yet I merely hear a fancy form of corrupt,” Cattalice said. “And these lot are but five years in age. You dare to speak of such things?”
“Truly, we cannot direct who these Little Ones declare friend or foe,” Teacher explained. “As sparring priest, I am only permitted to supervise the Little One’s social development and intervene when need be. Thus, at this age, my main concern is the monitoring of respect, not friendships. For we all know, very well, that friendships and animosities may rise and set with the suns, yet the manner in which one perceives others is an eternal treasure.”
Shanvi sat up as he stroked the tents on his chin. “What you speak is true. Yet, pardon my bluntness, I believe we speak of matters due to our current passions of the moment. Perhaps we should settle our nerves for an evening and converse this when calmer heads are in our company. Truly, shall we let a mere squabble at the sparring grounds draw so much concern?”
Teacher paused and grabbed one of the leaves on the plate. He studied its greenery before popping it into his mouth, chewing slowly. The other three waited for an answer after he finished eating, but it never came. Shanvi and Quongun looked at each other before leaning in closer. Cattalice crossed her arms and cleared her throat, but Teacher still didn’t say anything.
“Does this one have something that would lead me to think otherwise?” Shanvi asked.
Teacher still didn’t answer. He grabbed a large piece of bread and was about to put a chunk into his mouth before Shanvi forced his hand down.
“Do not delay us, lad. What be the trouble?”
Teacher wiped his forehead and Shanvi allowed him to take a drink of water. He finished the entire bowl and licked his lips, still longing for more.
“Perhaps your calling the incident a mere squabble was more than that, Master,” Teacher said. “Rest assured, I was not hoping for such an act, yet I also needed to assess a thought I had in regards to Aly. I saw it best to put her against Catty, since she would provide the best, um, supporting unconditioned subject.”
“Subject for what?” Quongun asked.
“As I say, Aly has struggled constantly with her being, yet she performs quite well in the other areas.” He chuckled and shook his head. “Be damned, and I do not even give her due credit! The child is beyond quite well. Her reflexes are the sort I have yet to ever see. Her reaction time is precise; perhaps just as great, if not greater than your own, Master Shanvi.”
Quongun and Cattalice smiled at their old teacher, as if congratulating him for his Little One being good at something. Shanvi, on the other hand, look more concerned than anything else.
“Go on,” he said to Teacher. “I fear there may be more.”
“Indeed there be. I thought very little of it when I first took notice. For Aly’s frustrations justified it all. Yet the more perturbed I have seen her come to be, the more aggressive she has turned, as well.”
“Nay, she has become more aggressive because the girls pick on her at school,” Shanvi corrected.
“And I had such similar thoughts as well. Truly, I did. Yet there be more to it than that. I saw it the day she was practicing with the dankerballs.”
Shanvi leaned back in his seat. “Yes, I recall you relaying to me that she was using the types that Young Ones are to use.”
“What I intently failed to mention was the fierceness in her eyes as she practiced,” Teacher said. “Master Shanvi, perhaps my gaze was too intent and played tricks on me, yet––”
When Cattalice chuckled, the masters could tell it was one of denial. She shook her head as she drank some more water.
“I see where this one goes,” she said. “And I am to say that perhaps we shall find another Teacher to educate our lot on the sparring grounds. You are naïve.”
“Cattalice, I beg,” Quongun said, patting her thigh.
“Nay!” She slapped Quongun’s palm away. “How dare you! To come into our old teacher’s home and make such allegations against such an innocent child.”
Shanvi shushed everyone, and the Adults paused. He looked over to Aly’s room, switching to infrared vision so he could see if the little mastra was nosing in on the conversation. Aly had looked up for a quick second, more than likely upon hearing the mistress’ outburst, but went back to reading and counting when the commotion settled.
Cattalice cleared her throat, that probably being her current extent to an apology. Shanvi lowered his palm on the table, reminding everyone to keep it down, and then nodded to Teacher so he could continue.
“I merely report what I see,” Teacher whispered. “And from what I have perceived, Alytchai may be a greater issue than we could have imagined. I shall be true. What I have seen might only be mere setbacks, yet all point to, well, symptoms.”
Cattalice got out of her seat and started pacing around the entire board, not knowing where to go. Quongun placed an arm around Shanvi’s shoulder and rubbed it. Shanvi didn’t say anything, only stared; his expression growing blank the more his mind struggled over what Teacher was implying.
“Tell me, what did you see in her eyes?” Shanvi said.
“Master, I––”
“Be blunt with me if you must, then. I care not how you say it.”
Teacher’s lips went dry. His rubbed his sweaty palms, and the murmur of a word that no Goolian ever wanted to hear hissed into his ear.
“Tell me, what did you see in her eyes?” Shanvi asked again.
“I saw severe pupil dilation, Master,” Teacher said. “By Truth’s Grace, her eyes would have gone as black as death had I not shaken her out of her state.”
A tear ran down Shanvi’s cheek. He tried laughing it off, but the chuckles were mixed with sniffs. Cattalice sat back down in the farthest corner of the room and rocked. Quongun helped Shanvi out of his seat and walked him to another door that led to the pond and fields in the back.
“Perhaps we should get a breath of fresh air, Teacher?” Quongun said to Shanvi. “What is more, I fear we should discuss such things beyond this room.”
Shanvi didn’t say a word as both masters helped him outside.

Cattalice covered her face as she got up and took a deep breath. She closed her eyes, counted to ten, and jumped out of her skin when she opened them again. Aly was looking up at her.
“Oh, Alytchai,” the mastra said, holding her chest. “You – you scared me, dearest.”
“Apologies, Mistress, yet I heard a little... a little––”
“Commotion?”
“I believe that be the proper term.”
Cattalice’s laugh was fake.
Aly stepped out from the doorway a little more and walked up to her. “If I may, my pappai is still here, yes––”
“Mastra––” Cattalice almost fell over a chair as she stepped away. “Truly, I thought I was to hear your pappai instruct you with your evening assignments. Now, trouble him not, yes? No worries. He and the other masters are merely chatting outside, admiring the lovely pond and marshes you have in the back.”
Aly’s ears drooped as she turned around and dragged herself back into her room. Cattalice reached out to the Little One, wanting to apologize for being so harsh, but she was still too scared of her to say anything. Anyone would have done the same thing, now knowing what she knew. Still, the mastra’s shame made her cover her mouth as she wailed behind her palms.

* * *

Catty was still in her room when her parents came back from Shanvi’s that evening. One of the two maids in her household left dinner outside her door, since part of her punishment included staying in her room. Quongun also took whatever toys she had and placed them downstairs before he and Cattalice the Elder left for Shanvi’s hut.
When her parents knocked and walked into her room, Catty turned as stiff as green oak wood. By their initial reaction to hearing what she had done that morning, the Little One hoped she wouldn’t have to see her folks for the rest of the day. Now, as far as she could tell, they were ready to lay out some more limitations on her.
However, Cattalice and Quongun didn’t look anywhere near as enraged as before. So, the Little One didn’t feel as nervous when her mammai sat on her bed and her pappai pulled up a seat. Then again, the silence between the two wasn’t too reassuring, either. Her parents looked at each other, as if they were both cueing the other one to say something first, but neither of them wanted to initiate. 
“Cattalice,” her mother eventually said. “You bring great shame to our family name. Why has this one done such a thing, let alone to one whom you call a friend? Surely your pappai and I have taught you better than this, yes?”
“Truly, you have. Yet, if I may?”
“You may.”
“Aly saw to embarrassing me in front of the entire class and my friends. Should she not know better than to do this?”
“Ah, so I see it, then,” Quongun said, leaning back in his seat. “I suppose you were to remind her who the one in charge is.”
Catty was going to protest that choice of words, but she kept quiet when she couldn’t think of anything to counter that allegation.
“This one should not suffer hubris, Little One,” her pappai added.
“What be a ‘hubris’?”
“In simple terms, it is too much blind pride for one’s own good. That is not the way of our people, dearest. You are hailed in high regards due to the hopes of what you may provide the village when you are of age. Thus, being considered the highest ranked in the tribe is not a mere sign given for you to boast about. We understand the new rules with your class now. That be a great honor, yet there are great expectations of you lot as well. Perhaps more so than what was placed on us when we were your age.”
“What is more,” Cattalice cut in. “This one may have high standards today, yet anyone may boot you off your stump in the morrow. Why, Aly may even be the one to do so.”
Catty tried not to laugh. “If I may, I surely doubt such a thing.”
Her parents looked even more uncomfortable as they fidgeted. Catty stopped smiling and scooted closer to her mother, who didn’t even look her in the face. The Little One tugged on her mammai’s fabric as her ears twitched.
“I merely joke,” Catty said. “Truly, I regret what I did. I shall not do so again.”
“Nay, that is well and all, dearest.” Cattalice moved Catty’s hand away. “Yet I fear your pappai and I need to tell...”
The mastra paused and bit a finger.
“Tell me what?” Catty asked.
Her mammai looked at her pappai. Quongun shook his head, and Cattalice nodded, as if agreeing on some secret code that only mated couples could understand. The older mastra smiled, and patted Catty’s thigh.
“Nay. We shall explain when you are of a more proper age, very good?”
Catty groaned; she hated secrets. “I – very good, Mammai.”
Cattalice shook the Little One’s leg before extending her pinky. Catty sighed aloud through her nose, but still grabbed her mother’s finger with her own and shook. Cattalice winked and walked out the room. Quongun got up, stretched, and followed after her.
“If I may, how long shall I bear this punishment, Pappai?”
“As long as I feel the need. Now, off to bed, Mastra.”
Catty puffed out her bottom lip and crossed her arms when her pappai turned back around.

Cattalice waited for Quongun from the other end of the hallway and walked with him down the stairs to their own room.
“What are we to do if Teacher’s hypothesis of Aly is valid?” she asked.
“I shall worry over those matters if they are to arrive.”
“You may not have to wait long. Perhaps it be best to tell Catty of such possibilities now.”
Quongun stopped when he made it to the bottom floor. He rubbed his smooth chin, pondering. One of the maids came into the walkway, but Cattalice held up a finger, signaling the mastra to wait a moment. When the maid bowed and left, Quongun shook his head and kept moving.
“Truly, she is not ready to hear of such things,” Quongun said. “Why, we were but nine when we were told of those capabilities.”
“That was to be the case for us, yet these Little Ones may very well be going to school with one of them,” Cattalice insisted as she followed. “The circumstances are truly different, and dare I say, truly more dire if this be so. Quongun, Catty and her classmates are to take part in the Evaluations, and one of them being sent into the wilderness alongside them may very well be a––”
“Catty is too young, love. What if she is to tell the news to others? For Truth’s Grace, the Little One is but five. Beyond this, do we wish to stir commotion about the entire village over a thing that is not yet definite?”
The mistress sighed as she rubbed her mate’s back. “Very well, then, if that be your wish. And even so, it may be as you say. Perhaps we are merely overreacting in all of this anyways, yes? Truly, perhaps Aly merely delays in her inner being.”
“I pray it be.” Quongun folded his hands behind his back. “By Truth’s Grace, I pray it be.”

* * * * *




Chapter 5
“Aly the Lame,” “Weird Aly,” “Aly the Dolt –” those were only a few of the things eight-year-old Alytchai heard people call her. She couldn’t hide the pain the words caused anymore. Her steps to school were insecure, her head always aimed down, hoping that if she hid her face, maybe she’d go unnoticed. Master Slew and Teacher tried making her classmates stop, and the children did listen, only when necessary. The grown-ups couldn’t guard Aly’s every single step. So, every day she woke up was a day of dread, knowing she’d have to expose herself to the bullying.
Aly also lost a few of her “friends” because Master Slew said she couldn’t carry their things anymore. They had accused her of tattle telling to him and asked Catty why she was allowed to stay in their company. Catty said her parents gave her little choice in the matter, but that didn’t keep them from bad-mouthing either of them.
Catty tried keeping herself out of the assaults as much as possible by calling out Aly’s faults whenever the opportunity was available. She didn’t like it, but the children at school weren’t giving her much of a choice. If anything, she was still nice to Aly when no one else was looking, and that was what really mattered. As long as Aly knew she actually thought of her as a friend, where was the issue? In that sense, she could have her “sweets and greens” too.
It wasn’t like the Evaluations lingering in the back of their heads was bad enough. Aly couldn’t believe it. She could’ve sworn she was told about losing three years of preparation a couple of months ago, but then she woke up one day, and the worst thing happened; she was eight years old. Six years taken in total, and six years left. Had it been anyone else, worrying about a test that was so far away would’ve been silly, but not for Aly; not for someone who wasn’t physically prepared for it by a long shot. Not for someone who wasn’t sure if she could prove her worth to the tribe.
With all that was going on, the weekends became an escape for both Aly and Catty. The two could practice using the dankerball at the sparring grounds for as long as they wanted, since they were older, or until the older children kicked them away. And when that usually happened, Catty would head over to Shanvi’s store on her own, and Aly would stay behind on a tree branch and read the pictograph scrolls Master Slew had given that week.
That was what Aly was doing one morning after a brief sparring session with Catty before class started. She thought she got a little lucky. Since the older children showed up later than usual, she could finally read about the aliens that Slew mentioned in class the other day.
All of the Little Ones found the thought of other creatures on different worlds fascinating, but not for the same reasons Aly did. As the Little One looked over the brightly colored scrolls filled with images of what other people in the galactic world could look like, she wished there was a way for her to escape to their various planets, as well.
She wondered if the other aliens didn’t use inner being the way Goolians could. Maybe she’d be normal, just like the rest of them, because of it. So, with every picture studied, another sad sigh left the Little One’s lips.
Aly lost her attention by the time she got to her fifth image that covered a race of people called the Ufrians. It wasn’t because the creatures didn’t seem as interesting as the other aliens were, but there was too much commotion approaching. She hoped Catty’s entourage wouldn’t notice her, so she kept acting like she was studying.
“Hey, Aly the Lame.” Requai’s words stung the Little One’s ears as she heard them, but she still forced a smile upon looking down at the group.
“Truly, I did not hear you arrive, Requai,” Aly said. “And hello, other mastras.”
“What nonsense is this one doing?” Glani said. “Truly, what makes this one think she can read a scroll if she cannot even control her being?”
The mastras laughed and Aly folded her scroll away, embarrassed.
“Oh, leave the poor thing alone,” Catty insisted. “If she is to think that she can read, then why trouble it?
Aly, surprised, smiled and nodded at Catty. The fun they had at the sparring grounds that morning must’ve carried over, for a change. The other mastras got quiet as they stared at their leader, confused. Catty shrugged and kicked a pebble by her foot. When no one else said anything, Aly figured it was safe enough to go back to looking at her pictures. A pebble bopped her on the head the instant she turned away. Aly glared at Catty, knowing she was the one who threw it. The others laughed and pointed.
“Truly, what good shall your reflexes be if you can only use them at sparring?” Catty said.
“Why not have the nerve to say such things directly to my face?” Aly snapped back. Even she didn’t know where that outburst came from. She quickly turned back around and hid her head behind the scroll.
The other girls didn’t say anything, but waited for Catty’s comeback. Requai elbowed the mastra in the side, urging her not to let the insult slide. Glani saw a much larger rock nearby and picked it up.
“Nay,” Requai said. “You shall get in trouble with Teacher if she cries to him. Never mind, yes? We best leave her be.”
The bell chimed and the girls dashed off to class. Aly let the scroll she was reading fall down to the grass as she stretched and yawned. She tempted herself for a second with the thought of running away, but someone interrupted her fantasy when she cleared her throat.
“Class begins soon,” Aly heard Catty say from below. When she looked down, the mastra was looking up at her with her hands on her hips.
“I grow tired of you playing nice to me in one instant and picking on me the next when it is of convenience to you,” Aly said. “You have done this for years! You be a bad friend, Catty.”
Catty looked ahead to see how far away the other girls were and held her hands out in surrender. “What am I to do? You should have stood up for yourself when we first began our schooling, Alytchai. Now surely they shall pick on me as well if they see me act sympathetic to you.”
“Truly, I have no need of your sympathy.”
“Hear me out, Mastra, I beg. I shall still play with you at the sparring grounds, very good? That be fair enough, yes?”
“Nay, Catty. It is not. Now, make haste. Your friends are leaving you.”
Catty stood there, not knowing what else to do. The final bell went off seconds later and she still couldn’t tear herself away from the tree Aly sat in. She was too scared of losing something more important than perfect timing to class if she did. Aly didn’t budge however.
“I shall see you in class,” Catty said, ears whimpering.
Aly let the mastra walk off far enough so she didn’t have to hurry to class beside her. When she jumped out of the tree and picked up her pictographs, the Little One stuck her long, purple tongue out before she ran off to the schoolhouse by a slightly different route.
Later that day, the Little Ones met up at the sparring grounds with Teacher. They could tell he was getting frustrated with the curriculum changes. Ever since he made that announcement years ago, he had to come back and tell them they were jumping ahead even more on a bi-monthly basis.
Glani shot another arrow at one of the four moving dummies. “Truly, I wish we could have spent a little more time on our acrobatics last week. And my body aches terribly. My mammai had me sit in water with salt last night, as she and my pappai do after tending the fields. These cursed Evaluations best be worth the pain.”
Requai aimed and fired an arrow at the moving dummy beside the one that Glani struck. “And I am to complain about sore muscles on a similar level with my folks as well. Yet why am I to complain? If we are to keep at such a pace, then we shall be learning as much as the Young Ones! Perhaps we shall bout against them during the assessment as well, yes? Would that not be grand, if not terrifying!”
“Truly, this one dreams big. Perhaps someone in our class shall make it to the final numbers of contestants. I know Catty is to think she is already good enough, and for all purposes that I have seen, I am inclined to believe her! Yet, by Truth’s Grace, do you think the overseer shall put a call for us to tend the fields at a younger age, as well?”
“Now, that would be grand!” Requai set her bow down. She raised her arms in the same form as holding it, and shot a beam of being into another dummy. It was weak, but at least it was visible. “My pappai says field work is not as grand as it seems, yet I, for one, am quite excited about doing what the grander children can do. Especially since they are allowed to use the chouloos.”
“Indeed. I have always wanted to play with them, yet my pappai says our cattle are not for fun and I am far too young to be around them. Truly, I cannot wait to be big.”

As the rest of the class practiced their aiming, Teacher took Aly to another part of the sparring ground. He handed her a stick that had three leaves half her size on one end. The Little One stared at the broom oddly, then looked up at the other Goolian.
“Um, if I may, what am I to do with this?” she asked.
Teacher squatted down and patted the Little One on the head. “Alytchai, the field lord, along with your pappai and I, had another discussion this prior weekend. Apologies, yet we must follow the rules, as always. You are lowest ranked in the class, thus you must perform the chores until you outrank another.”
Aly swallowed the lump in her throat. She then glanced at the other Little Ones. They were all watching her. “Look at what Aly is doing since she is not as skilled as the rest of us,” she imagined them whispering to each other. She saw Catty looking as repulsed as the rest of them. It was just another reminder of how different she was from everyone else, and how much she hated herself for it.
She handed Teacher the broom, but he didn’t take it back.
“I beg, I can perform better.”
Teacher rubbed her shoulders. “Nay, dearest. Truly, this should not be seen as punishment, very good? It is to help motivate you for improving. Now, fret not over what the others may say, yes? We only ask this one to be as patient as we. Truly, I am sure another shall have to do this assigned task eventually. Be that as it may, why not trouble yourselves over other matters beyond sparring for the moment being? Perhaps the martial arts are not meant for you.”
The Little One froze.
“What did you say?” She had no idea why Teacher looked so nervous all of a sudden. And more importantly, she had no idea why she was so cross with him all of a sudden.
“I beg, mind your tone, Little One.”
“Apologies, Master,” Aly forced herself to say. She lowered the broom and began to sweep, not saying another word.
“My thanks. Now, enough worries. Truly, there are other manners in which this one can contribute her worth to the tribe, yes? Did you not always say that you wanted to be in the bakery business as your pappai?”
Teacher patted the Little One on the cheek before he went back to the rest of the class. Aly swept fiercely as the Adult’s words sunk in. She wasn’t good enough. That was basically what he said, and while hearing it from her peers was agonizing, being told such a thing from a grown-up, who she thought was always supposed to say pointless things like “you can be whatever you desire,” was beyond a mock of who she was. It was a direct insult to the Alytchai name.
The Little One watched Teacher and the other Little Ones practice their being without even giving it a thought. Of all the nerve. They had so much power, so much of a blessing, and they didn’t even realize it. They were probably already planning to omit her from the Evaluations, but they were going to be sorely mistaken once she was old enough to take part in them. No, making it through the Evaluations wasn’t just an expected task anymore for Aly. It was an obligation, and no one was ever going to look down on her again once she finished them.
Then again, maybe everyone in the tribe was right, and she just couldn’t handle the fact of being useless.
“Stupid hands,” she said to herself as she started sweeping again.
Aly got bored with broom work by the third minute and stopped to see how everyone else was doing. By the looks of it, at least the entire class had orange or red balls of being leaving their palms. Not the strongest, per se, but at least they had something.
Aly held out a palm and pushed. As expected – nothing.
“Stupid,” she said again as she punched the broom’s handle. “Ow.” Green oak wood was the densest wood on the planet, so she might as well have been punching a handle made of stone. The mastra shook the sting off her knuckles and went back to watching her classmates.
Teacher was showing everyone different movements meant to enhance their inner being’s circulation throughout the body. As usual, Catty took to the instructions naturally. When Teacher called her to the front to follow his steps, their in-tuned moves looked like they were dancing. 
Left hand swoops to the front. Right hand swoops to the front. Palms face forward, and push. A strike. Rotate palms once, and push. Another strike.
“Very well performed, Catty,” Teacher said as the class clapped.
She bowed and took her place back with her peers.
“Wow,” Aly said, now leaning against the broom.
“And thus, we shall all perform this together, very good?” Teacher turned around and went into a basic stance.

“Such a showoff,” Requai said as Catty went by.
Catty acted like her words meant nothing, but she was already telling herself not to channel as much being as she got back to her spot. No one liked a teacher’s pet. It was bad enough some of the class, masters and mastras alike, were calling her out for being fancy and spoiled because she always had something nice to wear, unlike the rest of them.
Catty acted like she messed up her form the second time, just so she wouldn’t hear others whisper about being such a “goody good.” She looked around to see if anyone saw her mishap, but everyone else was too concerned with bettering their form to care. She felt heavy-hearted, realizing that she would lose, one way or another.

Aly picked up her broom and started sweeping again. Since she was frustrated, the Little One put more force into her sweeps than before. The giant leaves at the broom’s base nudged the pile of twigs and rocks that she piled up. The mastra’s left brow went up as she watched the debris roll away. Funny. It reminded her of a being shockwave.
She looked at the broom, and then back at the class. She shrugged as she got into the same fighting stance as everyone else, figuring she might as well have some fun while doing work.
“On my mark,” Teacher said. “And one.”
While the class moved their left arm on “one,” Aly swung the broom to the right like a racket.
“And two.”
Aly tossed the broom into her right hand and swung in the opposite direction. 
“And push.”
The Little One paused, not knowing how to mimic everyone else’s attack with a broom in hand. She was contemplating going back to sweeping, but went into her fighting stance along with everyone else. However, instead of holding the broom in one hand, she held it in both. The mastra nodded at her own genius and awaited the order.
“One.” Left sweep.
“Two.” Right sweep.
“And push.” This time, Aly chambered her arms back to her chest and pushed her hands out, just as if she was shooting a ball of being. Of course, no ball came, but she was willing to settle for a reasonable replacement for the time being.
“One.” Another left sweep.
“Two.” A right sweep, but this time, the Little One lowered the broom to the right before she swung, making a swoosh from an upward angle.
“And push.” Aly swung the broom down with an overhead strike. The Little One got out of her stance and stood straight up, amazed.
“How fun!” She ran over to a bag resting against a tree and grabbed a dankerball, skipping deeper into the forest.

By the time sparring sessions ended, the Little Ones had worked up a sweat. Not even Catty wanted to think about staying afterward for practice, so they hurried over to their pile of belongings instead.
“Truly, I wish I were as good as you, Catty,” Glani said as she picked up her bag and scrolls. “How are you so skilled?”
“I am not so skilled,” Catty quickly said. “I simply work hard.”
“Ah, and we do not?” Requai said.
“Nay! You know I did not mean such a thing.”
Glani giggled. “Indeed. It is as my folks say.” She straightened her back and put her hands on her hips. “Truly, we are to do well for the mere greater good, Little One.”
The mastra’s laughed at the mockery as they headed home. Catty, however, paused when her ears twitched. She heard something getting walloped with a stick and bouncing off trees.
“Hold,” she said. “Do you lot not hear that? Come.”
Requai and Glani called over the other half of their group so they wouldn’t be left out. They followed the sound until they came upon Aly, who was striking a mid-grade dankerball back and forth. The Little Ones didn’t say anything as they watched, mesmerized by Aly’s phenomenal moves with the broom in hand. A swing to the right, a strike from overhead, and then a swoosh to the left, just to keep the ball’s momentum.
The mastra looked like she was hypnotized as she struck the ball. She only smiled when she was able to add in a new attack, and by the time a minute went by, Aly had a different style to her moves. A spin strike here, an uppercut there, and then the girls jolted when the mastra put a roundhouse kick into the mix.
“I mean... Wow.” Catty nudged Requai. “Truly, she is good at this, yes?”
“What of it? What use is it, when a single shot from one of us could lay her out flat? You try to be passive about it, yet you still speak up for that odd one.”
“Truly, I do not!” Catty twiddled her thumbs. “I simply mean she does well for one who lacks the skills as us. She might as well be around for good fun, yes?”
Requai didn’t look convinced, so Catty marched over to Aly.

Aly caught the ball and turned around when she heard Catty’s foot snap a twig. When she saw the others, she could tell she needed to put on her excessively nice face.
“Yes, Mistress?” she said.
“Catty, you dolt,” the other mastra whispered. “Just Catty.”
She turned around to see if her friends were behind her, but the others stayed back, probably so they could evaluate the mastra’s performance.
Aly shook her head and held the dankerball even tighter. “I beg, just walk away.”
Catty thought about the way she left Aly in the tree that morning. She was wrong. There was no other way to put it. Still, she might as well have been on a firing squad with each person just begging for her to give the wrong answer.
“What?” Catty said. “You want to know if I would like to play?”
“Pardon? I never said such a––”
“Why am I to waste time with a dumb broom when I am good enough without one?”
“Ooh,” the girls in the back said. 
The only hint of Aly’s irritation was when her pupils widened. She closed her eyes and counted to ten, just as Shanvi suggested she do whenever one of the mastras picked on her. She made it to seven when she opened her eyes, sighed, and smiled. 
Without warning, Aly tossed the dankerball into the air, struck it with her broom, and sent it soaring against a tree. The ball bounced against three other trees before it flew back at her. She ducked and smirked when she heard the ball go bung as it smacked Catty in the face.
“Agh!”
The other five mastras went hysterical as Aly caught the ball when it came back to her. She bounced it once as she towered over her fallen foe, still grinning.
Catty sat up and rubbed her face. Everyone was caught off guard when she started to cry. The Little Ones stopped laughing, knowing that Teacher would hear her wails.
“What trouble is there?” they heard the older Goolian say, not even five seconds later.
Teacher shoved through the five and knelt down beside Catty. He picked her up and wiped her eyes with a cloth. She had a flushed spot on her cheek matching the shape of a dankerball. Aly gulped and tried to roll her ball behind her back.
“Aly did it,” the other mastras said in unison.
Teacher turned and glared at the gray-eyed mastra, who went stiff as green oak wood.
“Surely this cannot be true, Alytchai, yes?” When the Little One didn’t say anything to defend herself, he stood back up and shook his head. “Truly, I am deeply disappointed.”
The five avoided eye contact with Aly as she got her scolding. However, Teacher placed his hands behind his back and pointed at Catty.
“This is truly out of her character,” he said. “Thus I take it you were to give reason for her act, Cattalice.”
Catty stopped sniffing as she glanced at the rest of her friends. They didn’t say a word.
Teacher nodded. “Uh huh. And thus I see the guilt in this one’s eyes as well. It has been a long time since you caused trouble, Catty. Am I to fear a return to misbehaving?”
“Nay, Master,” the Little One quickly said. “My gravest apologies.”
“Spare no such words to me. For I am not the one you wronged.”
Catty nodded and turned around to face Aly. Without looking at her, she bowed. “Apologies, Mastra Alytchai.”
The sparring priest crossed his arms. “And what shall we say, Aly?”
The mastra bit her lip and thought of some words she heard the grown-ups say when they thought the Little Ones weren’t close enough to hear them.
“My thanks,” she said instead. “And you have my apology as well.”
“No more trouble, very good?” Teacher said. “And I shall not hear any more of this. Off you go, the lot of you.”
Teacher took Aly’s ball and left. She watched Catty turn around to leave, probably hoping that was the end of things. Instead, she lashed her tongue out and smacked the Little One’s ear with it, just to let her know otherwise. The gesture was the highest insult a Goolian could give another.
Catty turned around and clutched her fists, yellow fumes rising from them as she glared. Requai and Glani grabbed her by the elbows and pulled her away.
“You shall get into even more trouble,” Glani insisted.
“Truly, just leave her be for now,” Requai added. “We always have the morrow, yes?”

* * *

Aly kept some distance between her and the rest of the mastras on the way back to Kutenbrya that evening. Besides her irritation with them, she was too busy studying while she walked. She was especially fond of the scrolls that dwelt with astronomy.
The Little One looked up at the darker part of the sky, where the suns no longer were, so she could verify a giant group of stars that almost looked like clouds. She had seen the stars for as long as she could remember, but it was neat knowing what they were called now.
“So, that is what it be,” she said to herself.
The other six stopped talking and turned around.
“What nonsense does this one blabber about now?” Requai demanded.
“Oh. Apologies.” Aly turned and pointed at an area of the sky that showed the cloud of stars. “That is to be the galactic plane. Neat, yes?”
Catty looked where Aly was pointing and shrugged, since she only saw what had always been part of their sky. Nothing special. She went back to the more interesting conversation the six were having before.
When the mastras split up and went their separate ways, Aly still had her nose in the scrolls, too preoccupied to worry about her surroundings unless she was looking up at the sky to verify a particular star or planet. Her ears twitched when she heard Catty running after her, so she sped up.
“Perhaps you should go home today, Mistress.”
“Nay,” Catty said, catching up. “I just remembered that my pappai needed me to retrieve your pappai’s sales report for the quarter. I shall not be long.”
Aly paused and shrugged. “Indeed. Yet I fear my pappai shall insist that you stay and do homework there when he is to see you.”
Aly’s hunch was right. Shanvi immediately asked Catty to stay, not even a minute after they entered the hut. What an annoyance. She didn’t know her pappai could tell the two were having one of their typical quarrels, and this was his way of making them sit and settle things. He even offered the two their favorite treats at the counter so they’d have no choice but to interact.
“And what is the product of six and seven?” Shanvi asked thirty minutes into the mastras’ homework as he tallied the sale numbers again.
“Forty and two,” Catty answered after a momentary pause. She dipped her finger into the blue bowl of paint she and Aly were supposed to be sharing.
“Very good.” Shanvi turned around to see if he needed to refill the paints. “Oh. I thought you two were to use the same bowl, since you are using similar colors.”
“Nay,” Aly said, rather coldly. “She can use her own... I mean, she may use her own if she likes.”
Shanvi whistled nervously and went back to work, knowing that directly lecturing the two about their current relationship wasn’t going to help matters.
Aly examined Catty’s painting, noting her sky interpretation. She wasn’t impressed. The real sky was a lot more elaborate, especially the sunsets. There were never any clouds, but they were still as magnificent. Watching the stars come out and form a blanket of crystals overhead was fascinating to the Little One, especially now that she knew what the stars actually were.
Aly looked at one of the white dots outside her window, recalling that it was many astromilos away. She knew what a milo was, but she just learned about astromilos a few days ago. Since she was too young, her current books didn’t explain the difference between the two forms of measurement in much detail, but she knew “astro” meant bigger. Much bigger. With that, she wondered how far something could possibly be to look so small. Stars were other suns, after all. And to think that other people lived around so many of them was absolutely amazing.
Catty tugged a bead in Aly’s tents when she didn’t give an answer.
“Pay attention.” Catty groaned. “Your pappai was to ask you what four multiplied by nine was.”
“Thirty and six,” Aly said, annoyed. “I knew the answer. I was simply wondering.”
Shanvi unrolled a scroll. “Now, Aly. Catty speaks well. Truly, there be nothing of importance outside, very good? Thus, continue with your painting, dearest.”
“Apologies, Pappai. Yet, if I may?”
“Hmm?”
“Remember how I was to tell you about our discussion about aliens in class the other day? Truly, do you not ever wonder what they do?”
Catty grabbed her head. “Great. This again.”
Shanvi laughed as he double-checked his report. “Well, of course. I was to have such thoughts when I was your age, yet as I grew older, I became wiser. I realized how little importance the other people’s dealings are. They mean no harm to us, thus there be no need for concern.”
“Yet what of those Cyogen rumors we heard of months ago?”
“In case this one has yet to notice, such things are merely a common item from time to time, Aly,” Catty insisted, now wanting in on the conversation, apparently.
“And you speak truly, Little One,” Shanvi placed his papers down on the counter. “Do not let the old ghost stories told around the campfires trouble you. Truly, that is all they be, mere stories of a history from eons past. And, since they be nothing more, we best concern ourselves with what we know as fact, and not mere speculation.”
“Master Shanvi,” Catty cut in, “my pappai was to tell me of a similar rumor about a war prior to my and Aly’s birth.”
“Ah, truly.” Shanvi stroked his beard as he thought about the many rumors he had heard over the years. “Indeed. That one. Goodness me, that rumor lasted for three long years. It spoke of Ufre fighting the Wethan and Sauthian nations, and we only learned it was a fib... What was it? Ah! I believe it was a solar cycle prior to your births. And – if I do recall – I believe there was even one when I was yet a lad, myself. Do you see, Aly? I beg, do not let such silly talk distract you from reality.”
Aly shrugged and went back to painting.
“Hey,” Catty said, turning around. “How is this for a thought? Perhaps the war spoken of prior to our birth is the same war the village was to fuss about a few months ago, yes?”
“If that be the case, then such notions show why we should not concern ourselves over the acts of the more ‘civilized people.’ Our kind’s last dealing with the other nations revealed their advanced technologies and whatnot, and how they waste such intellect by destroying one another.”
Catty stopped painting and frowned. “How sad.”
“Truly. Now, back to––” Shanvi froze, then hopped over the counter, startling both Aly and Catty.
“Pappai, does something trouble you?”
“Stay here.” Shanvi went and looked out of one of the windows. “By Truth’s Grace.”
The two watched the master bolt out the door, not saying another word. Catty looked at Aly and the Little One just shrugged, not having a clue what was going on. Seconds later, the Little One’s blood went cold as they heard what had made Shanvi run so quickly.
The screaming got louder the closer it neared the house, and just as Aly switched her eyes to infrared to see what the commotion outside was, Shanvi, Teacher, and eight others busted through the door. The other Goolians were Young Ones, three females and five males, their ages ranging between seventeen and nineteen. As far as Aly and Catty could tell, they might as well have been coming off some brutal battlefield. 
The Young Ones’ faces were scratched and covered in dirt and mud. Their hands, feet, and ligaments were wrapped in bandages. Their sparring attire, mere loincloth,  with a top added for the females  had light leather and steel armor placed over them. It didn’t take a genius to know that these Young Ones just came back from an ordeal in the Evaluations.
Two of the lads were carrying another one of the males, who had his entire upper torso wrapped in a blanket. His agonizing screams made the Little Ones shiver. 
“Pappai?” Aly asked nervously.
“Just stay there!” Shanvi ordered as he pointed at her.
Aly jolted at the harshness in his voice and Catty held her tightly, comforting both of them.
“I already spent a near minute in easing the pain, Shanvi, “Teacher said as he followed the group. “Yet I knew I was in need of an extra hand once I grew lightheaded.”
“Understood.” Shanvi shoved some bowls off a table. “Be quick and set him across here, lads.”
As the two Young Ones carrying the wounded Goolian set him down across the table, one of the other lads who walked in with them couldn’t stop shaking as he grabbed his head.
“Apologies,” he said, eyes just as stricken with terror as the screaming Young One’s were with despair. “By Truth’s Grace, my most sincere apologies!”
Teacher rushed over to the other side of the table. “Fret not. Such accidents may happen.”
A Goolian couple swung the hut’s door out of the way as they rushed in. Aly and Catty leaned back against the counter, not knowing what to make of the sudden bustle. The older female that rushed in cried out the name of the lad on the table. She and her mate could’ve heard their child’s scream from the other end of the village had they been there.
“Truth’s Grace.” The mother covered her mouth when she leaned in to get a better look. “I beg, help him!”
“Indeed we shall, Mastra,” Teacher insisted as he shoved the couple back. “Yet, we beg, we need room. Shanvi?”
“Truly.” Shanvi helped push the rest of the Goolians out. “If you wish to be of aid, then offer thoughts and prayers at the temple, yes?”
As the crowd was directed away, Aly and Catty had a clear view of the wounded Goolian lying on the table. Teacher was too busy to pay the Little Ones any mind, so he undid the bandage around the lad’s body without a second thought. When the dressing was tossed away, Aly couldn’t blink and Catty held her breath. The lad’s entire right side had third-degree burns and blisters from a being sphere’s direct hit.
“Pappai,” Aly yelped helplessly, too scared to move.
Teacher paused and looked up at the source of the frail and weak voice. Aly and Catty were both pale.
“Pache.” He quickly moved around the table to block the Little One’s view. “Master Shanvi, I fear my intrusion has caused fresh eyes to see what does not need to be seen.”
Shanvi ran back into the hut just as fast as he left. He rushed over to Aly and cupped her face. She was freezing.
“Apologies, Master,” Teacher said. “I should have brought him to his own home.”
“What you did was sound and commended, and I am happy to assist you by any means necessary,” Shanvi insisted as he held Aly and rocked her back and forth. “All is well, Alytchai.”
He picked both silent Little Ones up in his arms and went out the back door. Once outside, he set them down in front of the pond in the back and washed their faces.
Aly jerked away from her pappai’s hand when he tried to make sure she wasn’t going into shock moments later.
“You are well, yes?” Shanvi asked the two.
“I – he shall be fine, yes?” Aly asked.
Shanvi lowered his head. He kissed her and Catty on their foreheads and stood up.
“I am impressed by my Little One’s unnerving spirit. Truly, rest assured, he shall be well, soon enough. Be that as it may, Teacher is in need of my aid, thus I must stand with him for the moment being. Remain here until I say otherwise, very good?”
“Very good, Master,” the mastras said.  

* * *

“Would this one like to discuss what she just saw?” Shanvi asked Aly on the way back from walking Catty home that evening.
Aly shook her head.
“Again, he shall be fine, dearest. The lad’s wounds were severe, yet manageable. You are fortunate that Teacher is your sparring priest. He did quite well.”
Aly still didn’t say anything, and Shanvi was worried he’d have to monitor the Little One for trauma. Still, she looked okay. Beyond the initial shock, she and Catty both took the unexpected event remarkably well. So, he figured Aly was just in one of her more typical moods.
“Regardless, I hope you do not become fearful of such things like the Evaluations,” Shanvi said. “And what is more, that be a clear example of why being-control is not an issue to take lightly.”
“Very good, Pappai. Thus is why I am not worried.”
“Oh? How so?”
“If I may, have I not been training myself to avoid getting hit by a beam for years?”
Shanvi laughed and hugged the Little One. She was going to be fine, after all. Silence came between the two of them again, however, moments later.
“Then perhaps we best discuss something with a lighter note, yes?” the master said. “Why not school?”
“If I may, I would rather not.”
Shanvi swore in his head, frustrated that his sly attempt to make her open up about what was really bothering her failed. He always tried to get her to talk about her school problems, but she simply said she had other pressing things on the mind. And that was what worried him the most. What on Gooliun could possibly be so pressing for an eight-year-old that even the sight of a severely wounded boy wasn’t as important?
“Have the girls given this one any trouble again?”
“Nay, there be no trouble from them.”
Aly was a terrible liar, but Shanvi didn’t want to press the issue. He knew she was getting tired of it, probably more than he was.
“Good. Be that as it may, if I need to talk to Teacher or Master Slew, truly, just let me know.”
“Indeed I shall.” Aly’s tone still said otherwise. “And even if it were not, having you defend my case would only make matters worse.”
“Truly? I cannot see how.”
Of course you cannot, his Little One thought. Shanvi wondered if he was talking in circles, and it tore him apart. Why Aly couldn’t be straight with him, he had no clue. He thought the adolescent years were supposed to be the trying years.
“Beyond astronomy, did you learn anything else of interest?” he asked, seeing there wasn’t a point in forcing the mastra to talk about the bullying.
“We learned how to use past-tense verb usage in the Universal dialect a little more near the end of learning sessions. Beyond that, nay. I fear there was not much else.”
“I see. Then, what of sparring? Was that well?”
Shanvi watched Aly’s lips tighten. Her nostrils flared and he knew her palms were getting sweaty. She looked like she suddenly had the urge to hit something, anything. As long as it had a face, she’d more than likely break it.
“Actually,” Aly eventually said, steadily, “nay, I was slightly unsettled in that regard, to be honest.”
“Ah.” Finally. She could open up on something! Pappai to the rescue. “Very well, then. What be the matter?”
Aly messed with one of her tents. “I fear my being the lowest ranked in physical health has finally cost me dearly. For I was not permitted to take part in some of the workout routines with the class this afternoon.”
“Oh. I see. Yet I am sure Teacher explained to you why, yes? He spoke with Lord Quongun and I and described what he had to do. Apologies, dearest, yet that be the way of things.”
“And I shall abide by them without quarrel, as I am expected to do so.”
“Goodness. ‘Abide’ and ‘quarrel,’ you say. Your vocabulary is becoming quite articulate. Very well, then. You shall honor the rules, which I must applaud, yet I understand you must still feel some sense of disappointment, yes?”
Aly slowed down and nodded. “Be that as it may, I am more troubled by what Teacher told me. He was to say that perhaps I am not good or skilled enough to be a combatant.”
Shanvi placed a hand on Aly’s shoulder and pulled her in close. “Ah, thus I see what your issue be. You wonder why Teacher could say such a thing.”
“Precisely, Pappai.”
Shanvi felt trapped in a corner that didn’t provide an escape route. At such a fragile age as this, he knew his Little One didn’t necessarily need the reality of her possible limitations. It was a child’s obligation to dream.
Then again, he wasn’t sure what could be worse. Did he have to break Aly’s heart by opening her eyes to the truth of life – that people, in all actuality, were finite in their potential? Or should he lie to his very own daughter and let her think that she had control over all her desires, only so he could watch her slowly crumble under her own demise because he was too much of a coward to tell her otherwise? When was a parent supposed to lie in order to protect the child he loved, and tell the truth to give her unpleasant wisdom?
“Thus, why trouble yourself over one silly matter like sparring?” he said. “Truly, did this one not want to be a bakery priestess anyway? You shall be the best at that, instead, if you wish.”
Shanvi quickly looked away because Aly’s glare was too much to handle. The look spoke for itself. It told him how disappointed she was to think that he, her own pappai, didn’t even believe in her. It said he should’ve known how much harder she worked at being the best she could be not only for herself, but for the tribe, just as any honorable Goolian was supposed to. And in that instant, Shanvi knew he was the worst parent in the world.
“Very good, Pappai,” Aly said, crossing her arms since an unknown voice whispered that Shanvi was probably the one she needed to hit. “I shall just be a bakery priestess then.”
Aly was a terrible liar, but Shanvi knew that better than anyone else. Again, he didn’t press the issue. With all that had happened in those few hours, he wasn’t sure if he understood his child’s concerns anyway. Worse, maybe he didn’t know her at all.
And as Shanvi lost his confidence, he knew Aly’s was more assured. How dare he. How dare he and the rest of them say that no matter how hard she tried, it wouldn’t be enough. If that was how they felt, Aly would do everything possible, just to be the last one standing in the Evaluations, even if it killed her. She’ll show them. She’ll show them all.

* * *


Chapter 6
Catty kept lifting the single left tent in front of her ear as she headed to another sparring area two months later. The other five mastras in her entourage were already tiring out, due to the many courses they had to undergo, but they knew they were far from done. Eight-year-olds had to work out longer than the younger children, and the curriculum had changed to more time being spent at the grounds. 
“The orange in your tents shall surely be as vivid as your mammai’s, Catty,” Requai said, whose own tentacle tips were turning maroon. “Are you to let them grow, or shall you burn and trim them when they are old enough to do so?”
“I know not. Yet you make a good case, now that you mention it. Perhaps trimming them a little above the shoulders shall be a suiting look.”
“Why, I would think it be a perfect look,” Glani added as she fiddled with her yellow-tipped tents. “It shall suit your lively demeanor.” She looked over her shoulder and raised a palm to her mouth so her whisper wouldn’t get overheard. “Yet, I wonder what Aly shall do with hers.”
“What of it?” Catty said. “She is beyond hope as it is. By Truth’s Grace, she gets odder by the minute. She grew quite tall over the summer months, did she not?”
“Truly.” Glani turned around again to make sure Teacher wasn’t nearby. “Why, she grew even taller than some of the lads in the grade ahead of us. Poor Aly the Weird.”
“Poor indeed,” Catty scoffed. “Did you not hear her blabbering the other day about the importance of the other worlds? If the Galactic Order has no need to bother with us, then why should we concern ourselves with them? Truly, that mastra best learn to make herself of use.”
“Perhaps she shall have a verified worth when the lot of us are old enough to work the fields,” another mastra said. “What say you, Catty?”
Catty blushed as she looked away.
“Well, truly, I am not too sure. I still hear the grown-ups grumble a grave deal while I work on my logistics inside my house and––”
“Oh!” Requai cut in. “So, this one already knows that she shall have no worries in manual labor as the rest of us, yes? Typical.”
Catty froze. “Nay! Perhaps I might. Be that as it may, documenting the performance of so many people is a grave task, indeed. I beg, do not look down on me due to my social stature. Truly, I may be more fortunate in wealth, yet I see no difference in your value and––”
Requai laughed as she wrapped an arm around Catty and pulled her in.
“A spoiled brat be a spoiled brat, no matter how one perceives it,” she said. “That be why Teacher favors you so highly.”
“Or perhaps it is because I try to push myself beyond the limits?” Catty said. “After all this time, why can you lot not give me an ounce of creditability? I practice my being-control beyond the suns’ set. By Truth’s Grace, I wake up an hour beyond my parents’ knowledge since they still be asleep, so I may study and practice my being even more.”
“Ah, apologies. So you be an overachiever, then.”
The mastras’ laughs stung, and their venom was starting to last longer than it used to.
Catty eyed the ground. “I only wish to prove my worth.”
“That be the problem, Mastra,” Glani said. “You cannot fool us. We understand that you shall always have things easier simply because of your name and nothing more. There is no point in you wasting your time.”
If spending so much time trying to be the best in class was a waste of time, then Catty was in a great deal of trouble.
“Then, I beg,” she said, “what must I do to meet your approval?”
“Why, perhaps you shall be the final combatant standing when we are to take part in the Evaluations,” Requai said, laughing. “Yet Truth’s Grace be in your favor in that, indeed! Silly Aly seems to have a mindset to outdo all of us as well, even when she lacks the ability to control her being. The foolish thing has made practicing at the sparring grounds an obsession of hers ever since Teacher took her away from the majority of our assignments. I wonder what is to fuel her needless fire.”
“Perhaps someone was to finally tell her that being a combatant was a lost cause for her, and thus she wastes her days trying to prove herself otherwise,” Glani said. “If that be the case, she should have listened to the sound advice, yes? She only embarrasses herself.”
The group got quiet when they heard humming up ahead. Glani and two others closed their eyes and smiled as they listened to the tune. The voice humming was calm and steady, flowing through the notes like the current from the nearby stream.
Aly was sweeping one of the sparring rings the younger children used. The tips of her tentacles were vibrant ocean-blue, clearly taking the color after her pappai’s. And her gray eyes were still piercing. Horrendously piercing, but sad at the same time.
“Poor Aly the Weird,” Glani said again. “Odd enough, she does have a pleasant voice when singing, yes?”
“If she sings so well, then why not hum a happier tune?” Requai griped.
“Truly,” Catty said, placing her hands on her hips, and relieved that the conversation was taken off of her. She slapped Glani’s arm. “And again with this ‘poor Aly’ nonsense.”
Requai stopped walking, but none of the other girls did the same until Catty paused, herself. When she turned around, Requai had her arms crossed.
“Why the odd gaze?” Catty demanded. “Be quick now.”
Requai strolled up to Catty and thumped her on the head and pressed a finger on her nose. “I see it clearly. You are jealous of her, yes? How pathetic! To envy Aly the Dolt!”
Catty swatted the mastra’s finger off and laughed loud enough to overpower Aly’s humming.

Aly stopped and looked up, annoyed. She was making up a song that would help her remember the Universal language the class had discussed during learning sessions that morning. Now she’d have to start all over again, since she had lost her concentration.
“What a silly thing for this one to say,” Catty said, fanning herself. “What reason do I have to suffer such a thought from that one?”
Aly heard Catty clearly, since her hearing was getting stronger. Regardless, now they didn’t even have the decency to whisper about her behind her back anymore. And there was no escaping it.
The other mastras were too popular and liked – if not feared – by the other children. They’d be better off laughing at Aly with the rest of them rather than get pointed out as being a sympathizer. After all, they all saw what happened to Catty when she tried to stand up to them when they were younger. Even she was smart enough to know that she had to join them since she couldn’t beat them, and if she couldn’t even overpower them, who could? Child society is a brutal world.
As she wiped her eyes with one hand, Aly put down the broom and grabbed a dankerball so she could act like she couldn’t hear the mastras. Each time she kicked the ball, however, she imagined it was the head of one of the six girls talking about her.
Catty pointed. “Look at her. Her only credit is in mere reflexes. Yet who needs such things when one can fire at her from here?”
Aly’s ball flew off into the net behind her when a beam struck it, and Catty and the mastras laughed as they pointed at the startled mastra.
“You are a vile one, Catty.” Glani giggled. “Why not leave her be for the day? There always be the morrow.”
Catty looked over at Requai, who seemed too confident for her liking. She could see the other one’s scheme clearly – challenging her authority in front of her friends, of all the nerve. Catty pushed Requai out of the way as she flung her tents to the side.
“I see one of us thinks I fear the odd one in our village.” Catty headed over to Aly. “Why not watch this?”
Requai didn’t say anything as the rest of the group followed the mastra.
Aly stopped looking for the ball when she heard the others approach her. She tried slouching a little so she could match their height as she spun around, but that didn’t help. If anything, she only looked more vulnerable and fragile.
Catty was still nice to her when no one else was looking, but she could be the worst of the harassers when her clique was with her. She couldn’t even tell when Catty was acting or being real anymore. Her performance had gotten a lot better over the past few months. Then again, Aly didn’t realize Catty found herself being one of the weak ones in class without warning, like her; found out with ease and butchered without remorse. Aly had no idea, even when Catty looked her in the eyes so helplessly, that both of them were disgusted with themselves.
“Hello.” Aly rubbed her arm, barely having enough courage to look Catty in the face. “How are you lot?”
“Aly, should you not be whacking the ball with your broom and sticks today?” Catty said.
As the girls giggled, Aly stepped back and shook her head, eyeing the ground.
“Um... nay,” she said. “I-I fear not. It be a s-s-silly thing to do... yes? I shall prepare for the Evaluations s-s-some other time.”
Catty popped herself in the forehead and laughed loudly. “You speak as if you shall take part in them. And by Truth’s Grace, Mastra. This one should best stick to the native tongue prior to attempting Universal. You have grown a st-st-stuttering habit, yes?”
“Apologies.”
Aly glanced out of the corner of her eye to see if Teacher was nearby. He wasn’t anywhere in sight.
“Be that as it may, I have conjured a grand idea,” Requai said as she approached Aly with the others. “Why not spar with us right now, Mastra? You have wasted your time being lazy and doing chores, so you best be careful. How are you to take part in the Evaluations when you barely take part in sparring sessions now? Perhaps you shall gain a belly as your pappai has, since he is less active.”
As the others chuckled, Aly glanced at Catty. She didn’t look amused, probably because her pappai was like a second father to her. She did giggle, eventually, but it was forced.
“I beg...d-do not speak ill of my pappai,” Aly said, twirling a tent with a finger.
“What was that?” Requai hopped forward and pushed her. “Speak up, will you not?”
Aly’s ears shot up and her face was flushed blue.
“Is this one to make me watch my tongue?” Requai shoved Aly again. “Come now, Aly the Weird. I beg, make me!”
“Requai,” Catty said, pulling the mastra back by the forearm. “Perhaps this one has made her point.”
“I am not done with her.” Requai jerked her arm from Catty’s grip.
The rest of the girls surrounded Aly and took turns shoving her. Catty stepped away, baffled. Her friends had never become so riled up like this before.
Pain
Aly staggered back and held her hands out, but Requai slapped them away as she hissed. One of the other mastras shivered when a cold breeze slid over the tip of her ears, and Catty wondered why she couldn’t hear the bugs or other animals anymore. Not only was the silence unusual, it was eerie.
Pain
One of the girls kicked the mastra into the net, but Aly still didn’t retaliate as she fell to the ground. Other Little Ones heard the commotion and came to the area so they could see what was going on. And even though she couldn’t see them, Aly knew every eye was on her. How humiliating. How embarrassing. How degrading.
“Catty, why do you just stand there?” Requai asked as she ran over and dragged the mastra over. 
Catty didn’t say a word as she looked at Aly, too confused at the sudden turn of things to react. When she saw Glani make a quick glance at her to see if she was going to join in, she thought she was going to be sick. And then, she knew she’d never forgive herself as she stepped on Aly’s foot. 
Aly felt her hands tingle. Everywhere she looked, eyes stared at her with pity. She just wanted to hide so no one could look at her. It was the entire world, staring at her and seeing her for the flaw that she was. It wasn’t fair. 
Pain
Requai grabbed her by her top, pulled her in close, and spat right in her face. Aly didn’t know where the other one came from, but someone else spat in her tents. They kicked, they scratched, they threw dirt on her. The longer it went, the more barbaric it became.
Aly tried covering her face so no one else would spit in it, but Glani grabbed one of her arms, holding it steady. Hated them. She hated them all, and Aly hated herself even more for being so weak. The more she thought about it, the more she knew she deserved what she was getting. She was useless. She might as well have been one of the dummies made out of trash. That was all she was – just a waste of space. She wished she had never been born. She wished she was dead.
And when she just screamed as loud as she could, she heard Teacher holler, “Stop!” The six mastras got as stiff as green oak wood as Aly curled into a tinier ball and cried.
Pain
She heard “suspended” being screamed as several of the girls’ eyes went wide with shock and fear. Teacher grabbed Catty by the arm and dragged her away, with the other girls following. Aly caught her breath and watched the mastras walk off. Then she noticed all the on-lookers again, staring at her, whispering how pathetic she was, pointing at her as if someone had just placed undergarments over her head without her knowing it. 
Pain
She detested every single one of them, and not only them, but the very essence that made them. As Aly got up on her hands and knees, the tips of her tentacles flared out as her senses went into overload. She heard a sila flapping its wings meters away and smelt the saliva running down her tents. The bitterness of the gravel kicked in her mouth was on the tip of her tongue. And then, she looked ahead, and her eyes zeroed in on the source to her agony. Her mind went numb as her ears shot back, her heartbeat speeding up, her stomped-on hands turning into fists. 
Her body temperature was so hot she felt cold, and that whisper she kept hearing directed her agony to several particular targets. As she locked on, darkness exploded over the brilliance in her bright gray irises. No more sorrow, no more shame, there was only pain. And the only fixation her body begged her to give was the satisfaction in unleashing...

“Leave Requai out of this,” Teacher said to Catty as he kept walking the mastras off. “All of you are in for a horrid lesson.”
A green blur slammed Catty to the ground before her alarm mechanisms could go off. The blow knocked the wind out of her and the side of her pelvis felt like it just got hit by one of the blacksmith’s hammers. Out of instinct, she flipped whatever hit her off and rolled away as she held her side. As she coughed, her yellow eyes went wide with shock, looking up and seeing Aly as the one who tackled her. Requai, Glani, and the rest of the class froze.
“Alytchai!” Teacher marched up to the mastra. “Do not think for an instant that I shall not have a need to include you in––”
Before he could finish, Aly lunged at Glani, picked her up just enough so her feet weren’t touching the ground, and lowered the back of her head into the dirt. Glani screamed and cried as Aly punched her in the face from left to right.
Requai tried to pull the fuming mastra off, but she got butted in the nose by the back of Aly’s head, causing her to stagger back. The very last thing she saw was Aly’s spinning heel flying toward her face before the connected blow knocked her out.
Aly looked down at Glani, and the mastra scrambled away on her hands and feet; the terror in her eyes was beautiful.
“Aly- I beg––” Glani quickly said. “Apologies, I––”
Teacher grabbed Aly before she could finish. “Settle down! I know you be upset, yet you have better character than they.”
Character was apparently overrated to Aly as Catty watched. Aly dug her heel into Teacher’s big toe, making him yelp. As he let her go, the mastra locked eyes on her for a second time. She dove for Catty again, but the mastra hopped right over her, causing Aly to eat more dirt as she slid into it. Catty stepped back.
“Aly? I beg, let us not do this!”
“Indeed, you shall not.” Teacher hobbled over to the enraged mastra and put a hand on her shoulder. “Calm yourself, Alytchai.”
Aly flipped over Teacher and pushed him into the ground with her feet. She dove for a broom, tore off the leaves, and twirled the staff before running back at Catty. Back on his feet, Teacher got up and got between the two, ready to threaten the new one currently throwing the punches if she even thought of... And then Aly hopped over Teacher again and shoved his face back into the dirt.
Catty backflipped when Aly swung the stick from her right and ducked underneath a swing to the left. Her side was still sore from the first blow, but the adrenaline rushing through her body made the ache manageable.
“Alytchai, I beg, stop!” Aly shut Catty up with a head-butt in the nose. She then got side-kicked into the chest, making her fall on her back.
Catty gasped for air, wondering if Aly just broke her sternums. That was an actual possibility, given Goolian legs were dangerously powerful, even at that age. When she got up on a knee, Catty rolled over when her lungs didn’t get the air they needed. She looked up, and Aly was grinning as her pupils grew. The mastra raised her staff over her head, ready to swing.
Catty quickly positioned her arms like she was holding a bow and shot a beam of being. Aly only had enough time to roll away, but not before the shot swiped her left arm. With the momentary pause, Catty jumped into a tree, leaning against the trunk as she grabbed her side. Her hands trembled when she saw Aly get ready to jump after her, but got a sense of relief when Teacher tackled her predator before she could make the leap.
“Alytchai, I beg,” Teacher said, feeling the mastra squirming underneath his weight. “End this foolish ruckus. Truly, you only worsen matters for yourself.”
Aly managed to crawl up front with just enough room to knock the master in the chin with the back of her head. When he rolled over, the Little One hopped up and chased after Catty. 

Teacher didn’t bother getting up again. Instead, he decided to admire the sunlight coming through the leaves for a moment so he could catch his breath. The rest of the class huddled around him to see if he was okay.
He got up slowly. The hit to the nose was still jarring, but he shook off the sting and sniffed.
“Class, report to Master Slew this instant. If he ask what the trouble may be, tell him that Aly may have finally revealed herself.”
“Truly, what do you mean by this, Teacher?” one of the students asked.
“Question me not! Off with you, now!” With that, the master took off after the two Little Ones.

Catty turned around and saw Aly gaining on her with every leap she made on a tree limb. She landed on a larger branch and it launched her back toward Aly. Alarmed, the other mastra dropped to her knees and skidded across an extension of the tree, gritting her teeth as the old wood ripped against her shins and knees.
Catty flipped her body around as she soared over Aly, and then rolled down the side of the tree like a ball. The other mastra took three steps back and ran up the trunk. She had enough momentum for three solid strides against the bark before she kicked Catty’s rolled up form right off it.
Catty fell through twigs and leaves before she caught herself on a different branch, saving herself from hitting the ground almost five stories below. The Little One didn’t have much time to think things over. Her alarm mechanisms shot warnings down her spine. When she looked up, her pursuer was free-falling toward her at full speed. Catty rolled off the branch, only to have Aly’s left leg crash the wood into toothpicks when she swung her foot down with all her might.
Catty landed on both legs and hands when she hit the ground. What was left of the branch crashed beside her along with Aly. When she got back up, Aly grabbed a stick that broke off the branch.
“By Truth’s Grace, what does this one intend to do with that?” Catty asked, backing away.
Aly tossed the stick in the air and Catty watched it soar. She looked back at the mastra, figuring she was using it as some sort of distraction. However, Aly didn’t take the opening. The mastras stood still for a moment before Aly jumped. When she tucked her arms into her chest, she started spinning, and just when she was about to land, she saw the stick descend right in front of her. She swung her left leg out as hard as she could and sent the stick flying at Catty like a rocket.
Even though her nervous system gave the warning, Catty still didn’t have enough time to evade. She shrieked when the stick jabbed itself into her forearm. Since the tip was blunt, the stick didn’t even make it in an inch, so it fell out on its own.
“Aly!” Catty’s eyes filled with tears. “Why?”
To her surprise, Aly didn’t look the least bit sorry. She was smiling. Catty looked down at her wound.
“Your point is made.” She winced when a bolt of pain went up her nerves. “Truly, I shall harass you no more. I beg, just calm yourself.”
Aly dove and tackled the startled Catty again, and they both ended up rolling downhill before Catty was able to shove the other Goolian off with her legs. Aly recovered by flipping and landing on her hands and feet, charging after Catty instantly.
“I beg, end this!” Catty hollered as she fled back into the trees. She looked over her shoulder and somersaulted over Aly’s dive, before ascending to the canopy and seeing Kutenbrya about a quarter of a milo away. It’d only take her two minutes to get there if she ran hard enough, so she slid down the side of the tree and took off.
“You best end this prior to me calling my Pappai.” Catty didn’t bother turning around again to see if Aly was listening to logic. Besides, she heard her breaking twigs as she ran after her.

* * *
 
Most of the grown-ups were in the fields, tending to the crops, as usual. Shanvi, on the other hand, was getting ready for the brunch rush hour. When he got the tables in order, he sat down to take a breather. Since he spent most of his time indoors now, he had put on a little weight and his body wasn’t used to the extra load.
He patted his belly and felt softness where his well-defined abs used to be. Disgusting. He went outside so he could jog before the crowds showed up. A few of the people who had the day off greeted him as he trotted along. The master smiled as he felt the suns’ gentle heat warm his face, already knowing that today was going to be a good one.
Shanvi made it to the end of the village two minutes later. He was surprised at how out of breath he was. It was embarrassing. Since no one was in sight, the master sat against a tree, given that the end of the village led to the plains and forest. He pulled a cloth out of his robe’s pocket and patted his forehead. 
He listened to the outside noise and noted how livelier than usual the animals in the forest were. He smiled at the tune the silas chirped and closed his eyes so he could focus on that particular sound. And just as he got comfortable, the silas’ singing turned into squawking. The master sat up and tuned his ears in to see if there was some sort of beast in the area.
Shanvi swore when he heard two Little Ones fighting and getting closer. He got up, stretched, and leapt two stories into the air, bouncing off one branch and launching himself even farther.
“Enough!” he hollered, switching his eyes to infrared and seeing Catty and Aly’s forms in the distance as they approached.
“Master Shanvi, help!” Catty cried as she fled.
Before he could react, the two Little Ones zipped right by him. Shanvi swore again as he spun around and chased after them, trying to match every leap and dive. The mastras’ speed was astonishing. Shanvi felt like he was trying to catch up to Young Ones, or maybe even Mature Ages. If he was on the sparring ground, he would’ve watched the two perform their acrobatics in the trees with admiration, but the master’s paternal instincts were going into overload at the given moment instead.
“Aly! Do my words not beckon? I shall not repeat myself.”
Aly kept on Catty’s track in spite of her father’s hollers. She reached out and caught one of Catty’s tents, making the mastra yelp and shift over to the right.
“Oh, nay,” Shanvi said, knowing what was going to happen next.

Catty had a clear view of the village and the nearest hut. Without thinking, she jumped out of the trees and aimed for one of the many roofs made of clay and hay. She crashed through the top like a boulder, breaking a table and knocking over bowls as she fell and tumbled onto the floor. Aly landed right on top of her, booted Catty right off the wooden surface, and spun-kicked her out of the hut’s back door. 
“Alytchai!” Shanvi landed inside.
Aly ran after the downed Catty. The mastra coughed and grabbed her side again, running into the streets. She tried to jump onto another roof, but the pain in her ribs held her down. She climbed up instead, with Aly trying to pull her back down upon grabbing her ankles.
Shanvi yanked the mastra’s arms, and before he knew it, Aly used his own weight against him, flipping him over her own body. He hit the back of his head on the hard gravel and groaned. His Little One finally stopped as she covered her mouth.
“Pappai?” Aly knelt beside him.
Shanvi was still holding his head as he rolled from side to side.
“This be all your fault!” Aly shouted at Catty as she leapt after her.
The mastra got a ball of energy to the chest the second her foot touched the top of a hut. The shot from Catty wasn’t lethal, but it still knocked the Little One on her back. Not caring about the pain in her sternums and blinded by anger, Aly sat back up and charged. Catty swept-kicked her right off the roof. 
People came out of their homes to see what the commotion was, and some of them hurried over to intervene when they saw Aly and Shanvi on the ground. However the Little One got up as fast as she could and hobbled after Catty.
“Stay away from me!” Catty cried as she hopped off the hut and landed on the ground. She took two strong strides before going to all fours and taking off.
“Aly,” a grown-up said as he grabbed her. “What nonsense is this? Why are you two not at school?”
The Little One wiggled out of the master’s grip before dashing off on all fours as well. She and Catty crashed into laundry, pots, and anything in sight as they ran through the village. And just when Catty thought she had enough time to turn and apologize for breaking another woven basket, she shot back around and ran even harder since Aly was catching up.
“Mammai, Pappai!” Catty cried as she got closer to her parents’ fields.

When two nearby workers looked up to see what was going on, they saw Catty hop out of the high grass for a glimpse before Aly took her down like a wild predator. The grown-ups were too startled to even intervene. The sounds of Goolian hisses and fists and feet striking flesh broke the calmness in the area. When everything got quiet, the elder Goolians crept in to see if the two were still alive. They took a single step, and then their spines told them to duck.
A yellow ball of energy shot Aly out of the grass and sent her four meters into the sky before she plummeted back down.
“Get the lord, quickly!” one of the workers told the other.
Aly’s body was smoking as she coughed and sat up. The onlooker rushed over and set his bag down beside her.
“You are well, yes?” was the only logical thing he could think of asking.
Aly didn’t answer as she eyed the sack of wheat placed at her side. It had a long wooden handle tied around the top.
Catty’s heartbeat raced like a Goolian drummer’s hands beating to a lively song. Still, she felt safe now that Aly was down and a grown-up looked like he actually had a hand on the situation. She walked up to the master, figuring she’d have to practice her explanation to someone before giving it to her parents, but she paused when her spine tingled again.

Cattalice the Elder dropped some bowls she was helping some servants clean when she heard her child scream. Not even caring why she wasn’t at school, the mastra leapt over the banister of her top floor, and ran outside.
“Quongun...” she managed to say as her mate bumped into her from the other direction.
Quongun didn’t say anything. He just ran.

“Aly!” The only other worker in the area grabbed her by the shoulder. “Truth’s Grace, dear one! What have you––”
Pain
Aly spun around and swung the same handle she dislocated Catty’s knee with against the Adult’s head. It broke against his skull and the master dropped to the ground, not budging. Catty scrambled to her feet and tried to run again. She fell the second she put weight onto the leg Aly hit, and cried even more when bolts of pain shot all the way up her leg.
Aly picked up half of the handle she had broken as Catty scuttled back on her hands. She waited for the other mastra to get up a second time, and raised the stick over her head.
“Aly – I beg, wait...”
She blocked the blow with her forearm and grunted. Not even knowing if Aly just broke a bone or not, her entire body shivered. Aly, with eyes getting darker, strolled up to her and grinned.
“You enjoy this?” Catty got up and hobbled on one leg. “Truly, what be your––”
Aly jabbed the blunt end of the stick into the mastra’s injured side. Catty gasped, feeling as if someone just threw a boulder at her ribs. She leaned over onto Aly’s shoulder, only for the other mastra to push her off.

Pain
Aly picked up the other half of the handle and went to beating Catty’s body like a drum. The jaw, the chin, the arm, the leg – any part that was vulnerable was struck as her target curled into a tiny ball. Ten seconds later, both sticks broke again and Catty was as still as the unconscious worker lying behind her. Aly tossed the remaining parts of the handles away and picked the tiny Goolian up by her top. 
Catty coughed blue out of the corner of her mouth. Both eyes were swollen. Her breathing was more like wheezing, and she couldn’t think of a part of her body that didn’t scream in anguish. She forced one eye open and the only thing she saw was blackness as she looked into Aly’s eyes.
“Forgive,” she managed to say through her swollen mouth and tears. “Truly, forgive.”
Aly raised her hand into a fist and pulled back as hard as she could. She held the form for all its worth, soaking in the one moment where she was finally the stronger. And then, just when Catty took her eyes off her face and looked at the wrath that came in the form of a fist, Aly rammed it as deep into her right eye as possible.
Catty’s pupils rolled into the back of her head as Aly dropped her, letting the body slump onto the ground. The black-eyed Goolian knelt down and rolled the unconscious Little One over to see if she was still breathing. When she was, Aly raised her same hand and struck Catty’s face, just as she had as before.
She felt and heard her knuckles and wrist crack with that blow, but her mind was slipping too much to acknowledge the discomfort. Ten blows in, and the body was exhausted. The hand was swelling, but still, the Goolian went on. A blow. Another blow. And another blow. And when the fabric of the mind was about to slip into complete abyss, Aly, eyes as black as death, raised her hand and an eerie glow formed around it.
The markings on Catty’s face got brighter as the final fabrics of her being went into overdrive just to keep her alive. They wouldn’t be able to work hard enough as Aly lifted her charged hand, still growing dark with the horrid aura, and swung.
Quongun tackled the Little One, her fist centimeters away from shoving Catty’s nose into her skull. The final remnants of her mind heard Cattalice scream when she saw her Little One stretched out across the grass, her body blue and black, blood and drool running out the corner of her mouth. Aly’s mind went completely blank as Cattalice fell onto her knees and kept hollering Catty’s name, her child not answering.

“Over here!” Teacher shouted as he rushed across the field.
He and Shanvi pressed the grass away as other workers arrived. Shanvi, still holding his head with one hand, knelt down on Catty’s right and tried calming Cattalice down by making her look at him. Still, the mastra just kept screaming as her child’s swollen head lay in her lap.
“Be of peace, Mistress!” Shanvi demanded as he shook Cattalice by the shoulders. “Your cries do none of us any good. I beg, I need to direct my thoughts.”
“Take her.” Quongun shoved Aly over to one of the workers. He crawled to Catty and rubbed her head.
Aly, whose eyes were still black, just stared. At what, no one could tell. Even the grown-ups trembled when they gazed at her. So dark. Her eyes were so dark, and she didn’t even blink.
“Enough, fools.” Shanvi motioned the building crowd of onlookers back. “She needs air.”
“Shall I commence, Master Shanvi?” Teacher knelt down on Catty’s other side. “I feel I shall be able to manage.”
“Then do so, lad. This is now your proper calling, not mine. If you are to become too drained, then I shall finish, if you need me to do so.”
Teacher nodded as he placed his hands on Catty’s cheeks. He closed his eyes, took in steady breaths, and concentrated. And, as Teacher’s hands started to glow a bright blue, he was able to direct Catty’s being circulation to the most vital areas with his own energy. He pushed, and breathed, repeating the pattern. 
Teacher rolled over to his side and almost blacked out when he had pushed for twenty long seconds. Shanvi sat him up and patted him on the back.
“You have done well.”
Still too tired to say anything, Teacher just smiled and leaned over. Catty’s markings on her face faded as her breathing eased.
The bruises and swelling on her body were still there, but Cattalice sighed and buried her face into her child’s chest. “My thanks. By Truth’s Grace, my thanks.”
Quongun picked Catty up and headed back to the house. Shanvi was about to follow, but stopped.
“Quongun. Dearest lad…I know not what to say.”
The other master paused, not bothering to turn around. “Truly. Perhaps you know not what to say since there be nothing worth saying, Teacher. You have as much fault in this as Aly does, which is none. If there be need of an apology, then perhaps it should come from us and the rest of the village for not accepting one that be a little...different. We have brought this amongst ourselves.”
Cattalice got back to her feet as Quongun left. Before she followed after him, however, she glanced over at Aly, who still stared off into space. She looked at Shanvi, and then left.
When they were out of sight, Shanvi sat down in front of Aly. Teacher crawled over to him and studied the Little One’s face. Shanvi rubbed his mouth before snapping his fingers twice in front of the mastra’s face. Aly didn’t respond and just kept staring. 
“Dearest, you can hear me, yes?” Still no response.
Teacher scooted over to the two. “Surely this one must know how to bring her out of this blind state, yes?”
“I do not. One studies very little in regards to these sorts of...creatures, given how rare they be. Yet I feel she shall awaken in her own time. I shall take her back home and monitor her there.”
“You are sure of this, yes? I know you must hate having to accept this, Master, yet we cannot be as passive with her as we once were. For three years have we tried to discount the signs, and thus they have come to us at full force with a horrid reminder as of this day. Alytchai is a Sungstra, Teacher.”
“I know!” Shanvi slammed his fist against the ground. He was about to say something coarse, but covered his mouth. He closed his eyes and took a deep breath, calming himself. 
Teacher didn’t say anything else while he took his time getting up.
Shanvi caressed his Little One’s face, and frowned when Aly didn’t respond, her mind still trying to find its way back to reality.
“My poor Alytchai. By Truth’s Grace, give me strength.”

* * *


Chapter 7
Quongun used his authority to make sure the learning board wouldn’t expel Aly from school, but she still ended up getting suspended along with the others. Even so, Shanvi didn’t gripe. He knew the consequences could’ve been more severe. Quongun also had Aly stay on his plantation during the typical school hours so Shanvi could have some time alone. He knew Shanvi needed to fill out some mandatory documentation for Aly being a Sungstra, and the Little One couldn’t be around while he was doing it.
“A Sungstra is a Goolian who lacks the control of one’s inner being,” Quongun read out loud one day while visiting Shanvi. “Other common indications include tallness, above-average reflexes, aggressiveness, and severe pupil dilation when placed under high amounts of stress. Sungstras are naturally short-tempered and, if not conditioned, may endanger not only themselves, yet others amongst them.”
Quongun stopped reading the form to see what Shanvi thought of it, but the other master just shrugged and kept filling out more paperwork.
“I suppose we were in denial for far too long.” Quongun folded up the scroll and tossed it onto the counter. “What fools we be, yes?”
Shanvi didn’t answer.
Quongun looked over the master’s shoulder. “Truly, you are sure that you do not need a hand, nay? I did not think the filings would be so grand in size.”
“My thanks, yet it is not as toilsome as it seems.” Shanvi put his writing utensil down on the counter so he could give his fingers a rest. He hopped off his stool and stretched. “And Aly still serves you well at home?”
“Clearly, she is no fan of what she must do while there.” Quongun went over to a window and looked outside. “Yet fret not, Teacher. She is a good child. Be that as it may, I must still confess my concern over her lack of memory from the other day. She recalls nothing beyond chasing Catty to my fields.”
“So, I take it she is not suspicious of the story we made up for her?”
“Telling her that Catty ended the bout with a highly charged beam that knocked both unconscious is easy enough, as long as no one decides to add on to that simple fib. Even so, does this one have any thoughts as to why she cannot recall anything?”
Shanvi cleared his throat as he looked out the window as well. Little Ones too young for schooling were running down the street and laughing. He thought about going back to those simpler times; Aly was just another normal girl back then. He slapped his forehead back to reality when the fantasy became too painful.
“I would suppose it is a defensive construct for her psyche. Perhaps her young mind is merely too fresh to cope with such a traumatic experience. I know not. Even so, I beg we shall not be given a chance to test my hypothesis. I simply hope the government shall send me a booklet of some sort when I present the documents. Truly, it must have greater insight on how to manage a Sungstra child, yes?”
Quongun placed a hand on Shanvi’s shoulder. “A Sungstra, perhaps. Yet a child still be a child. Raising one shall always be a grave task, no matter the circumstances, I am sure.”
Shanvi patted Quongun on the back before sitting in a chair. He’d usually have a healthy crowd in the store around that time of day, but everyone in the village was still playing last week’s event with caution.
Quongun bowed. “And I fear I must take my leave. I shall have Aly back here around the typical instant, very good? And, I beg, if this one is even in need of an ear, let me know, very good?”
“Not only are you a noble lord, yet a dear friend as well. My thanks, Quongun.”

* * *

Aly was giving Catty her lunch in bed, which consisted of mashed-up and watered-down fruit mixed with herbs meant to speed up the healing process. Neither of them looked like they were enjoying the joined assignment. Every time Catty sipped through her reed straw, she shut her eyes and swallowed hard. Disgusting.
When she turned her head away, refusing to drink any more, Aly set Catty’s lunch down and scooted back in her chair. She tried scratching her wrist, as the cast she wore made it itch, but she couldn’t reach the spot agitating her. Catty tried shifting to her side, but stopped the second she felt like needles were jabbing her ribs. Aly had broken two of them, in spite of how developed Goolian skeletons were.
Cattalice walked in with a tray of fresh food. She set it down in front of the desk Aly had scooted to, and Catty felt her mouth water at the sight of the leaves and bread.
“My thanks, Mistress,” Aly said, unwilling to look at the mastra.
Cattalice forced a smirk and left the two alone. When she got downstairs, Quongun was walking through the front door.
“How does she be?” he asked.
“Which one?” Cattalice headed over to the office area of the house so she could tally up the current figures of the day.
Quongun scratched the back of his head as he went up to Catty’s room. Aly was using her good hand to eat when he tapped Catty’s opened door.
“Alytchai, you shall have to use your other hand eventually, yes? It be a near week now, and it needs to gain its strength.”
“If I may, it hurts whenever I try to use it.”
“Very well. Suffer at your own pace then.”
He got up and knocked on the wall. A maid came to the doorway seconds later.
“If you do not mind, may I suffer a moment with Catty?” he asked Aly. “And once you have finished your lunch, why not help the Mistress?”
“Um, I fear your mate no longer likes me, Master. Thus I do not think she would fancy my assistance.”
“Nay, dearest.” Quongun rubbed the Little One’s face. “She simply lacks the words to say to you at the given moment. Fret not. I am sure she still loves you as if you were our own. Now, off we go.”
Aly got out of her chair and headed to the dining board. The maid picked up her tray, nodded at her lord, and followed after her.
“As for you, Mastra…” Quongun pulled up the chair Aly had been sitting in. He sat down and patted Catty on the shin. He then handed her some papyrus, a writing tool, and a wooden block for her to write on. “The mouth still hurts, yes?”
The Little One nodded. 
“And I take it Aly has yet to apologize for the fight.”
Catty sighed through her nose and nodded again. Quongun smiled and caressed the mastra’s tents.
“Yet I feel you have not demanded one either, nay?”
The Little One didn’t give a response at all. She looked down at the paper and closed her eyes. Quongun sat back in his chair and crossed a leg.
“I thought it best to give your body a moment’s rest, yet your mammai and I believe that I should converse with you now. Aly told us how the brawl commenced.”
Catty turned her head away, but Quongun made her look back at him. When she opened her eyes, however, she still didn’t stare at him.
“The look of shame you currently bear indicates that there be no need to waste my time with a lecture. Even so, I can only ask why. Little Cattalice, you and Aly were the best of friends prior to starting school. What changed within a mere three years?”
Catty paused, then picked up the writing utensil. She dipped it in the nearby ink block, and her left hand flew over the papyrus as she wrote.
“I merely wanted the other lot to like me,” is what she wrote. “Yet they were to make fun of Aly, and when I was to defend her, I would suffer with her. I had no other choice beyond join––”
Quongun snatched the utensil out of Catty’s hand and slammed it on top of the block, making the Little One jolt.
“Yet you did have a choice,” he said. “You put self before others. Truly, there is no other way to put it. And you know our people seek the greater good of all. You disappoint me.”
His last three words struck harder than the blows Aly gave her face. She didn’t have enough time to catch the first tear from dropping onto the papyrus, making some of the inked lettering run down the edges. She picked up her pen and wrote, “I’m sorry.”
“I suppose you are, given your current state.” Quongun leaned back. “You have thus earned your punishment, since this be the case. Yet, once you two are both well enough to return to the learning boards, what shall this one do then?”
Catty wiped her eyes and looked down at what she had written so far. She shrugged. Quongun rubbed his eyelids.
“And after all that has happened, you still lack the sight to see the error of your ways.”
Catty quickly shook her head and her hands zipped over the papyrus again. She lifted it up after she finished writing, and handed it to her pappai.
“Nay,” her words said. “Yet the other Little Ones can be so cruel. I fear what shall be done to me if I seem to befriend one that no one else likes. Not only shall I lose my friends, yet they shall surely mock me as well.”
Quongun tapped his chin. “There be an old saying: Sticks and stones may break one’s bones, yet words can never hurt you.”
Catty must’ve surprised her pappai by the look she gave him; he straightened up, but she didn’t care. She wrote on another piece of papyrus, in big symbols, “YES THEY DO.”
She then wrote down some more on another sheet. As if punishing Quongun for his own ignorance, she didn’t bother handing what she wrote to him that time.
“My bones may heal, yet what one says to another can never go away,” she wrote. “I think they may linger for a lifetime, yes?”
Quongun didn’t say anything as Catty kept writing on another sheet. He watched every word form out of the ink, each one looking heavier than the last.
“Some of the same folk have poked fun at my social stature for years, and yet those insults still pain me to this very day. With all due respect, your proverb is foolish and stupid.”
Her pappai didn’t seem to appreciate that last sentence, but Catty folded her lips in, assuring him that he wouldn’t get an apology from her. Anything he did to her then wouldn’t make up for the years of hurt she had to endure while going to school.
Regardless, Catty tried her best to keep a straight face as her pappai stood up and towered over her. She watched his face fidget in order to keep his composure. And then, without warning, Quongun bowed.
“Such wise words for one so fresh in age, and so true. For that, I apologize for my careless metaphor.”
Catty’s eyes got big, and Quongun laughed as he sat back down.
“Truly, perhaps that be the first time I have come to a point in begging pardon in your regards,” he said. “I suppose it be a sign of your growing maturity. Yet, since that be the case, should you not practice what you preach? If you know and fear the pain of words, then why throw such daggers at Aly to the point of the blades becoming physical?”
Catty picked up her utensil and held it over the next sheet. She stopped when it pressed against the papyrus, and no words came out of it. She kept looking and waiting, but nothing ever came, so she placed the utensil down and shook her head.
“That be what I thought. There be a word for that: hypocrisy. And that is no honorable word to bear.”
Catty didn’t look at him, but her pappai more than likely knew she was listening once her left ear twitched.
“And here be the more important thought. There are a grave deal of people who share the quality of decency. Such people have no problem in declaring a bad act to be wrong. You understand this, yes?”
Catty nodded.
“Yet, there are a few who are beyond mere decency,” Quongun added. “Indeed, in a group of thousands, you may perhaps be able to count them on one hand. Such is why they are to be so cherished. What resides in them is a substance that one is not simply born into. Nay, not like some petty social stature, such as nobility.
“See, not only will these few confess an act to be wrong, yet they are willing to go beyond their comfort zone and do something about it. Those individuals bear the seeds of greatness, and they shall forever be remembered by their selflessness. Which one shall you be, Cattalice the Younger? The sort to get by with mere talk, or the sort willing to make a difference for others by making an act?”
Quongun kissed Catty on the head and let her get some rest.

* * *


Chapter 8
Goolians could heal at phenomenal speeds, so Cattalice the Elder was walking her Little One back into Master Slew’s learning board a week and a half later. The other young Goolians whispered and pointed at Catty as Cattalice spoke to Master Slew. Aly, who had come back to class a couple of days ago, didn’t say a word.
“The medical priest has insisted that she still be of ease for the next few days,” Cattalice told Slew as she handed him a doctor’s note.
Slew glanced at the document and nodded. “I shall be sure to send this to the sparring priest upon their arrival. Truly, it is grand to have you back in our presence, Catty. Now, take a seat beside Alytchai.”
Catty looked like she was about to say something, but she went ahead and did as told when her mother cleared her throat. 
“Just be sure they do not attempt to kill each other again, yes?” Cattalice added with a smirk. 
“Very good, Mistress,” Slew responded with a knowing smile of his own.

As Cattalice winked at the master and left, Aly scooted her desk away from Catty the second she sat down beside her. Requai, Glani, and the other mastras in Catty’s clique turned and waved at their friend. When Catty smiled, they then glared at Aly and turned back around. The other mastra leaned her head against her palm and sighed. Catty thought about what her pappai had told her, but didn’t say anything.
When learning sessions were over, Catty handed Teacher the medical priest’s note.
“I am well pleased to have you back, Mastra. Be that as it may, you shall be on light work for the next week or so. Why not help clean up?”
“Cleaning up with Aly the Weird,” Requai said. “What an ironic event.”
Before Teacher could tell the mastra to shut it, the entire class laughed. Catty glanced at Glani and the others. Even they made offbeat comments, leaving her impressed at how fast the tides could turn, even amongst friends.
Teacher whistled. “Settle down, you lot. Now, off you go, Catty. My thanks.”
Aly was already sweeping a sparring ring by the time Catty arrived, but stopped and raised a brow when the other mastra grabbed another broomstick and went straight to work.
Catty stopped and glared when she felt Aly staring. “What do you look at? And get that smirk off your face.”
Aly stopped smiling and went back to sweeping. The mastras didn’t say a word to each other as they worked. Aly didn’t even hum, so the only sound around them came from silas chirping in the trees. 
Catty was already working up a sweat ten minutes into the chore. She stopped when she realized how casual Aly was sweeping, and dropped her broom.
“Truly, you go too slow.”
“It be for a reason.”
“Perhaps you suffer with a lack of speed, is all. And your pace only slows me down.”
Aly stopped, tossed the broom away, and sat against a tree. “Fine. Then, I beg, do not let me be in your way, Mistress.”
Catty growled as she picked her broom up again and zoomed around the ring. She saw Aly grab a book to read from her bag, and swept even faster. She ended up finishing in thirty minutes what would typically take Aly the entire day to do. She came back out of breath but triumphant. She stuck her tongue out, but the other mastra turned her nose up and went back to reading.
“Perhaps you best straighten your face before I break it again,” Aly said as she read.
Catty slurped her tongue back behind her lips, making Aly chuckle and noting that threatening people was effective.
Teacher came over to check on the two. “Goodness me. My word, Catty. Surely you did not do this all on your own, nay?”
“Truly, I did.” The mastra held her broom like it was a tall trophy. “Aly was to spend most of her time reading.”
“I see. Thus, I am disappointed in you, Alytchai. To think that you would let this one best you on her first day, indeed. Well, if that be the case, I fear I have no other choice.”
Aly kept reading and Catty kept smiling.
“Catty, would you be kind enough to re-stuff the sparring dummies? That alone should be enough to get this one by for the day. Aly, if you are to lag around and avoid your chores, then you’d best get another book.”
Catty’s jaw dropped when Teacher winked at Aly before trotting back to the rest of the class. Aly then locked eyes with Catty and shrugged.
“Told you,” she said. “I do not exert myself too gravely since the day be long.”
“Oh, shut up.”
The noon suns were blistering on Catty as she wiped her forehead and finished another dummy. She glanced over to Aly, who had finally gotten up and was practicing her stances. By the looks of it, the mastra was trying to measure how far her “kill zone” was. Catty nodded her head from side to side. Not bad. At least the odd one was doing something productive while the rest of the class was learning different techniques with Teacher.
By the time the third dummy was finished, Catty was licking her dry lips, being so hot that even her tents couldn’t keep her temperature down. She turned around and slid down against a dummy.
“Truly, are you not to help even a little?”
Aly closed her eyes and chanted a rhyme taught in class about the elements, from hydrogen to oxygen, making Catty swear underneath her breath. The lively mastra grumbled as Aly repeated the rhyme and put a beat into it. She tried canceling out the melody Aly added since she was annoyed by her, but the other mastra’s voice stung a nerve in her ears. She turned, listened, and realized it didn’t sound all that bad, actually.
And the more Catty listened, the more of a song the rhyme became before Aly threw out the elemental words and just sang. Catty stood stiff as green oak wood. She couldn’t hear the wildlife anymore, only the melody. And even then, the wildlife had tuned into the Little One’s voice as well.
“Catty?” Aly called out. “Cattalice, why the pause and the odd gaze?”
Catty’s gasp sounded like she had held her breath for minutes and even then, she didn’t do anything else beyond blinking once. Aly called her again, and still didn’t get a response. With that, the mastra got up, stomped over to Catty, and slapped her in the face.
“Ow!” She grabbed her cheek. “My jaw! By Truth’s Grace, it still aches!”
“Then snap out of it, fool! What do you think you do?”
After massaging her mouth for a moment, Catty grabbed her head when she recalled what put her in her trance. She took one look at Aly before walking away.
“And they are to call me weird,” Aly said to herself as she went back to her reading spot. 

Since the eight-year-olds had more time in the learning boards than the younger Little Ones, the class met back with Master Slew after lunch. Most of the masters and mastras hated the extra hours in learning subjects like language arts and social studies, but Aly still found the new lessons fascinating.
“Yet what point is there in practicing Universal if we are never to speak to an alien?” Joquin asked, two hours into the second half of class.
“Never say never, Master.” Slew stood in front of the students. “Why, perhaps the other nations may make contact with us in our own lifetime.”
“If I may,” Requai cut in. “I am quite convinced that such a claim was made three and a hundred years ago.”
Even Aly chuckled as she read a book.
Slew shrugged. “Perhaps. Be that as it may, you lot knew this task was to arrive eventually. Your parents had to undergo the process, and thus shall you. Beyond this, you have been studying the language for quite a while now, yes? Why not see how a different usage of sounds interprets the same meaning for a familiar word? Truly, it be good to know more than one language, anyways. It helps the mind work, yes?”
“My mind requires rest,” a student joked.
“That be what the weekends are for.” Slew checked the time on a shadow clock on the wall. “Ah, and thus a time has arrived. And remember, I best not hear a pipe of the native tongue from you lot for the next few months, very good?”
“Very good, Teacher.”
“Nay, what do we say now?”
“Yessir, Teacher,” the class said in Universal.
“That’s better,” Slew said, joining in. “Have a good weekend. Dismissed.”
The evening wind was getting colder as the class headed home. Green leaves were turning into red and orange patterns on the trees as the sky filled with more silas flying in from the north. The Goolians, however, didn’t change their attire. Since they had an advanced acclimation process, their bodies naturally adjusted to the colder weather.
As usual, Aly trailed behind the rest of the mastras in Catty’s group on the way home while reading her book. The others were practicing Universal and mocking each other when they used a wrong word. They stopped when they heard four males, Joquin being one of them, racing down the street, and moved over to the side.
“Aly...” Catty warned.
Joquin knocked the mastra over and tumbled right on top of her. The two locked gazes, their eyes wide.
“Gross!” Aly shoved the master off. “I have lad filth!”
Everyone in both parties laughed. Aly leaned over to grab her scrolls, but another lad shoved the mastra down with his foot and kicked the scrolls away even farther.
“Why not watch where you go, Aly the Weird?” the boy said. “Oh, wait. Universal. Why don’t you watch where you’re go, Aly the Weird?”
“You mean, ‘watch where you’re going,’ fool,” Catty said. “Wait. Universal. Idiot.”
“Mind your tongue, spoiled princess.” The lad helped Joquin up.
“Why not mind this?” Catty held up a charged fist and marched up to the boy.
Requai and Glani ran up and held Catty in place as the masters stepped back.
“Enough,” Glani said. “Requai and I just got back from suspension as is, and you have only returned for a mere day.”
The lad looked at his friends and shrugged. “We have no time for this. Come, Masters. Let us depart.”
Catty hissed as the boys went by. They all flinched and headed down the dirt road even faster.
“Really, I hate boys,” Glani said, switching to Universal.
“You and me both,” Requai added as Catty jerked out of her grip. “They’re such a stupid side of the species.”
Catty turned around. “Whatever. Come on. Let’s go.”
As she let her friends go on by, the mastra watched Aly pick up her scrolls. She went after her friends, but only took three steps when Quongun’s words thumped her brain again and made her stop.
“Mastra, what are you doing?” Requai asked as the group stopped.
Catty looked up at the sky, cursed herself for having a conscience, and headed over to Aly. Without saying a word, she knelt down, and helped the other mastra grab her belongings. Aly stopped reaching for her scrolls, and the other girls’ jaws dropped. Catty just kept picking up scrolls and dusting each one off, one by one.
“I don’t need your help,” Aly said.
“And I didn’t ask.” After getting a handful, Catty shoved the scrolls into Aly’s lap and left. 
Requai nudged Glani with her elbow, as if silently asking what was going on. Glani shrugged, and neither of them said a word as Catty walked by.
Requai shook her head. “So, you’re friends with that – what’s the word – ‘weirdo’ again.”
“She’s not my friend, but she’s earned...my respect.”
Requai crossed her arms and snorted out loud. “Or maybe you’re just scared of her now that she beat you up.”
The girls chuckled.
Catty laughed playfully. “At least I lasted a couple of minutes. How about you?”
The mastras stopped smiling and looked at Requai. Her left eye twitched.
“So, are you coming over to my place or not?” Catty asked.
The group waited for someone to speak on their behalf, and there was a long moment of silence because of it. Requai cleared her throat and Glani’s ears twitched.
“Actually, I remember telling Requai we were all going to study at my place,” Glani said. “Sorry. Maybe I’ll see you later.”
Catty only had to look at the other mastras to see where this was going. She crossed her arms and turned her head up, not impressed.
“Fine,” she said. “Later, then.”
As the others hurried off to catch up with her, Requai looked over her shoulder at Aly, who was probably still baffled by the passive compliment Catty just gave her. She then shot a smirk at Catty and left with the group, not saying another word.
When they were out of sight, Catty uncrossed her arms and watched her friends leave. She wiped her eyes and cleared her throat, hoping that would hide her sniff from Aly.
“Sorry,” she heard the mastra say.
Catty turned around with a smile. “For what? Actually, I just remembered that I forgot to ask Master Slew something about the – what’s the Universal word – ‘assignment.’ Later.”
Catty headed back the other direction, since following behind her friends would have been too odd for her. She kept her mouth as tight as possible so she wouldn’t cry, and wondered how she was going to take the long way home without anybody noticing.

Aly scratched her head as she got up. Before going any further, however, she saw one of the first stars in the sky and paused, recalling that it was a solar region that actually had a planetary nation.
“Planet Argutas,” she said out loud, recalling the name. 
Probable population: Ten and half a billion.
Government: Direct Democracy. 
Current Leader: Rashule.
Planet and civilization type: Class 1.
“Wow.” The Little One skipped off the road and into the wild grass. She didn’t travel too far since she didn’t want to miss her curfew, not that she ever did. It wasn’t like she ever got invited to the other mastras’ homes after school, anyway.
The Little One fell back into the grass and smiled. When alone, she didn’t have to think about how cruel the other children were or how everyone back in the village gave her looks. No, out here, she was just one with the world and she couldn’t ask for more. She hummed a happy little tune as she rested her hands behind her head. She then imagined how odd the Argutain people probably looked. None of the aliens could look similar to her, after all. That would be boring.

* * *

The suns were setting faster, so the sky was on the verge of switching from orange to dark blue by the time Aly made it back home. Her hut was the brightest and loudest one on the block, since more people showed up at the end of the week. She crept through the door when she opened it, knowing that she ended up staying out in the fields longer than expected.
It was like a party in the store, now that the village deemed it safe enough to go back to Shanvi’s. With couples dancing, a drum in the back booming, people chanting old folk songs, and the lack of the errand person reporting any fights between Aly and Catty at school, apparently things were back to normal.
Aly shrugged and strolled in, hoping her rare case of tardiness might go unnoticed thanks to the commotion. However, everyone, even the drummer, got quiet the instant she walked into the hut. Aly thought of a swear word as she headed to the counter, knowing her presence was made public to the last person that needed to know.
“There you are,” Shanvi said in Universal as his Little One sat in front of him. He lifted his chin up at the drummer for more music, and the musician did as told. Once the beat came back, the energy returned.
“Apologies for the––”
“I thought you were supposed to be speaking Universal after class today.” Shanvi looked back at a curriculum note he stuck on the wall three days ago.
“I’m sorry for being late, Pappai,” Aly forced her lips to say. “I was...distracted, but there is no excuse.”
Shanvi tried to look as serious as possible, but shook his head when he couldn’t keep his face hardened. 
“You’re too well-behaved for scolding.” He leaned in for his daily kiss.
Aly smiled and laid one on his rounding cheeks. Shanvi slapped the counter before turning around and going back to work.
“If I may, it’s weird hearing you speak in Universal,” Aly said as she watched her pappai rustle about.
“I know. I had to go back and study some of your scrolls while you were asleep just to freshen up on it again. Still, it’s part of a parent’s homework as well as yours. I think it’s fun, actually. Why, I even remember liking the assignment when I had to do it at your age.”
Aly shrugged as she pulled out a scroll and hopped off the stool.
“I’m sorry to see that Catty still hasn’t come back in a while,” Shanvi said without turning around. “I hope your little brawl hasn’t ruined your friendship beyond – how do they say – repair?”
Aly tried recalling the Goolian translation for the last word he said and just rolled her eyes when she remembered it. She picked up the rest of her notes and headed off to her bedroom to study. As noisy as it was, it was the visuals that distracted her the most. However, before she made it to the kitchen, she heard the drummer switch his beat and everyone fell into a different song. Her ears sprung up as she turned around.
“I know this song!” she said to Shanvi with a hop. “We were taught it last month in class.”
“That’s nice, dear.” Shanvi smiled passively as he cooked an order. “I’ll have to hear you sing it some time.”
“Um, if I may, can I do it now?”
“Not at the moment. You have homework to do.”
Aly’s ears fell as fast as they rose. She nodded and strolled to the back of the kitchen. She then stopped and turned, watching her pappai concentrate on the dessert he was cooking as long as he could until her accidental guilt trip settled in.
“Oh, all right,” her pappai eventually said.
Aly dashed back to her stool, hopped back on it, and set her scrolls down on the counter.
Shanvi turned and placed a finger on the counter. “Just one verse, okay?”
The Little One nodded with the biggest smile on her face.
“I can sing really good,” she said with too much excitement. “One time, when I was still in children’s garden, I tried singing to a sila and––”
“All right, Aly.” Shanvi laughed. “Settle down. I’m sure you sound wonderful.”
The master turned back around and went back to work. Aly’s eyes, however, followed his every move.
“Don’t you want to hear me sing?”
“I can hear you from here.” Shanvi put some food into a bowl and added spices and toppings on it.
Aly shrugged, turned back around, and followed in with everyone else. Her voice was too quiet to go over the others, but she didn’t care. She could tell that she was on tune, and that was all that mattered to her. However, the two Goolians that were chiming in on the song beside her were able to hear the Little One, and they leaned back.
“Have an eye at this one,” one of them joked. “She thinks to be of fame!”
As the two laughed, Aly paused and glared at them before going back to singing.

The Goolians kept chuckling as they amused themselves over the Little One’s voice. She wasn’t bad. No, not bad at all. Actually, it was pretty nice. But it was more than nice, the more they thought about it. And before they knew it, the masters’ jaws had done everything beyond hitting the floor as they listened.
They were the first who became enthralled, and then Shanvi’s right ear twitched when he thought he heard the sweetest sound on Gooliun. When he turned around, tears immediately came out of his eyes when he realized where the sound came from. As Shanvi stopped and stared, three other Goolians wondered why the master’s face went so blank. They stopped talking and heard a child’s voice echo over the belligerent singing.
The left side of the room stopped, and then the drums stopped, and Aly was too entrapped by her own voice to realize that the entire store was underneath what might as well have been a spell. It was just a carefree folk song that anyone could learn and sing in a matter of seconds. However, the Little One’s voice made it into a message that told of peace, tranquility, and the profound wonders of the entire cosmos.
On and on, the message went. Only two measures were in the song, but even when Aly started over the sixth time, the Goolians in the tiny hut could’ve sworn that was the first time she started. Mates held hands. Neighbors wrapped their arms around one another. In a matter of seconds, that wondrous voice had united everyone into a single family.

“Um...”
When everyone came to, people were wiping their eyes and taking in deep breaths. Aly turned and looked at Shanvi, who kept shaking his head with his mouth gaping open.
“Truly, I made no error with the wording, Pappai, nay?” Aly asked, forgetting to speak Universal. 
Shanvi didn’t answer. He just clapped cautiously, and everyone did the same. Aly figured she was supposed to bow, and did so. 
“Truth’s Grace,” one of the Goolians said, still baffled. “No one was to ever warn us of their kind’s spell.”
Aly’ s left ear twitched toward the voice. “Pardon? Kind’s spell? Pappai, if I may, what does he––”
“Come to think of it, Aly,” Shanvi said as he grabbed her scrolls and ran around the counter, “I think there’s a bit of a distraction here. Why not finish your studies over at Catty’s tonight?”
Not being one to ever speak out, the Little One could only look up at her pappai in anguish as she took her scrolls and headed for the door. Aly kept that same look on her face all the way down the street, across the block, through the fields, and up to Quongun’s front door. 
She didn’t know Catty had used infrared to see who was knocking on the door. Regardless, Aly wasn’t surprised when the other mastra greeted her with a gape-opened mouth. 
“Seriously?” Catty said.
“Trust me, I’ve been saying that since I walked out the door.” Aly welcomed herself in.

* * *

The visit to Catty’s was as awkward as expected. Cattalice still didn’t say anything to Aly while she was there, and even Quongun had a hard time opening up a conversation. If nothing else, Aly scored a great dinner made by the mistress herself. It was nice getting fancier food without the need of a broken hand or feeding an adversary all day. Still, when Catty asked if it was okay for Aly to leave, she was relieved.
As the two headed back to Shanvi’s, Aly belched.
“You could say ‘pardon me,’ you know.” Catty fanned the air.
“What?” Aly rubbed her belly. “Too improper for a snob?”
“Say that again.”
“Or what? Maybe I’ll break the rest of your ribs.”
Catty offered Aly a free shot by raising her arms up. “I helped you pick up your mess today because I felt sorry for you, but don’t get the idea that I’m scared of you.”
“Truly, and do not get the idea that I am in need of your pity,” Aly countered, her cheeks flaring up.
Catty kicked a rock and whistled loudly, waking up some of the silas in their nests. “Fine. For what it’s worth, I’m sorry, all right?”
“Whatever.”
“Truth’s Grace, I’m trying to be nice! What’s with the attitude?”
“Just leave me alone.”
The mastras didn’t talk anymore on the way back into town. When they made it to Shanvi’s hut, however, they looked at each other, bewildered.
“Were there this many people here when you left?” Catty asked as she stopped.
Aly shook her head, eyeing what had to be a hundred people lingering outside her hut with caution. She paused when everyone stopped talking and stared at her.
“Uh uh.” Catty shoved Aly through the crowd. “I don’t even want to be out here. Pardon me, Masters and Mastras. Excuse me, and excuse you.”
When they made it through the door, Catty turned around and slammed it behind her, sighing as if she had just evaded a monster outside.
Shanvi came out of the kitchen to see who it was. “Oh. I didn’t hear you approaching.”
Catty tilted her head and Aly raised a brow.
“What?” they both said.
“Sorry. I was concentrating on… Thank you for walking her home, Catty.”
“Of course, Master Shanvi.” Catty bowed, but still looked bewildered. She looked and pointed over her shoulder with her thumb. “If I may, is there any reason why there’s a crowd outside?”
Shanvi glared at the door. “No, there isn’t. Excuse me.” He went and opened it, and cleared his throat. “Truly, did I not say this already? We be closed. Be well!” He slammed the door and sighed as he heard the crowd disperse.
Catty and Aly looked at each other. Shanvi pressed his back against the door, grumbling to himself. Then he froze as the Little Ones stared.
“Catty, why not stay for the night? It’s been a while since you’ve done that, anyways. I’ll make your favorite.”
Catty rolled her eyes and took a seat at the counter. “You people are so weird.”

* * *


Chapter 9
“Why do we have to wait on her, Requai?” one of the mastras in Catty’s clique asked. “She’s walked with us for years, and she still doesn’t talk that much anyway.”
“Yeah,” another one said. “If we slow down any more, she’s going to make us late.”
Requai groaned. “I know, but my folks said I’d get into trouble if we left her behind again. So, now I have to play the pity game like Catty, here.”
Catty acted like she was studying a scroll so she wouldn’t look hurt. “I’m not playing a pity game.”
“Whatever makes you feel better, Goody Good.”
Catty noticed several mastras look at her out of the corner of their eyes, as if they were waiting for her to defend herself. However, trying to maintain the well-being of her position was tiring her out. So, if they thought less of her for not making a comeback, more power to them.
“Maybe she thinks she’s really something because of all the attention she’s been getting over the past few months,” Requai said.
“That’s possible,” another mastra said. “Everybody is rambling away at how well she can sing. So what? The last thing that one needs is an ego boost.”
Glani eyed the ground. “Yeah…but she does have a nice voice though, doesn’t she?” When the other five turned and looked at her, the Little One gulped. “And, in spite of it only being morning, I’ve decided that I’ve said enough for the day.”
Catty curled up her lip at the sight of the stares they gave Glani, but she figured she’d pick her battles with caution, and didn’t say a word.
Requai’s ears twitched and she looked over to her right. “Ah, here she comes, finally. Aly, why don’t you hurry it up? You’re going to make the rest of us late.”
Aly jogged all the way up to the six and caught her breath. “Sorry. A couple of people had me stop on the way for a quick tune.”
The girls didn’t say anything else since their eyes were glued to the blue robe the mastra was wearing. It looked brand new, with a triangle pattern stitched on the side in yellow thread. They all looked at Catty to see if her robe was just as blue, and Catty knew she was blushing when they realized it was.
“Well, aren’t we fancy today?” Requai walked around Aly, sizing her up. She lifted the mastra’s hood to see if the triangle pattern was on it somewhere. She nodded approvingly when it was. “It’s...not bad.”
“Thank you.” Aly twirled a tent around a finger. “My pappai bought it for me over the weekend.”
Glani eased in to get a closer look. “Wow. It looks expensive. My parents could never afford something like that.”
“Well, my pappai said he was able to save up for it, since business has picked up a little more.”
Catty scoffed and turned around. “A little more” was an understatement. There was always a crowd at Shanvi’s hut now, especially during the weekends when they knew Aly was allowed to sing. Shanvi even had to close his doors earlier now, just to make sure his Little One had enough time to do her homework. The household still wasn’t anywhere near as well off as Quongun’s, but they apparently had enough savings to purchase an extravagant dress.
“It must be nice being the village’s other Goody Good now,” Requai said.
“Stop it.” Catty shoved the mastra in the chest with a finger. “Who’s the jealous one again?”
Requai chuckled and shook her head as she went back to Catty’s side. Aly trailed behind, as usual, but Glani waited for her to catch up.
“I really do like your dress, Aly.” The mastra smiled. “It’s very pretty.”
Aly smiled back, but didn’t say anything as she held her scrolls up against her chest.
When the class went to the sparring grounds that afternoon, they had to share the area with some of the Young Ones in the tribe. The Little Ones tried to keep a safe distance from their idols, noting they were more aggressive with sparring and being-control. To them, it was pretty scary, but exhilarating all at once.
“Did you see that?” Catty pointed as she changed her clothes. “He shot two beams out of his hands.”
Requai was taking off her shoes. “So? You’ll probably be able to do that by next month too, show-off.”
Catty shoved the mastra’s head. “Only you could make a compliment an insult as well. And maybe you’d be better at being-control too, if you attended extra sessions like some of us. How many times do I have to say it? I’m not a show-off. I just put in more time.”
“Of course you do. The wealthy can afford to have more time.”
Catty saw a rock on the ground. It took every part of her not to pick it up and throw it at Requai. As she calmed herself down, she watched Aly look for a spot to place her new clothes, probably so they wouldn’t get dirty. She looked like she was debating between setting everything behind a tree or in a branch.
Catty shook her head as she pulled her robe over her head. That mastra was just begging for harassment.
“Hey, Catty.” Glani crept over to her and Requai. She pointed to Aly and a group of six Young Ones approaching her. They looked like they had bad attentions, and that was never a good thing when it came to the much bigger and older Goolians.
Catty hopped up and loosened her neck. “Well! That was quick. Wait here.”
“Wait here?” Requai’s eared flapped. “Truly, and what does this one intend to do?”
“Then, I beg, make yourself of use and find Teacher. I shall return.”
“Truly, this one has lost her wits,” Glani said. “Oops. I mean – Seriously, you out of her mind.”
As Catty marched over to them, she heard Aly nervously say, “Hello,” to the Young Ones. One of the lads bent down and grabbed the bottom of the mastra’s robe.
“Practicing your Universal assignment, I see,” he said as he examined Aly’s attire. “How cute. And truly, this be a lovely color. Take care. This one would not wish for it to gain filth, nay?” The lad kicked dirt on the bottom, and his comrades chuckled.
Aly bent over and brushed the dust off. “Stop it.”
“You heard her,” Catty said as she approached the group.
Some of the Young Ones stopped smiling when they saw her. She might have gotten beat up by Aly a while back, but the entire tribe knew she was a child prodigy when it came to being-control.
The lead Young One straightened up and lifted his hands over his head. “Look, Masters and Mastras. The little mistress arrives.”
“Hold your tongue.”
“Ooh, and thus she speaks with her authority. Fret not, Little One. We only converse with the one of new popularity. So, what say you, Aly? Surely this one enjoys the new local fame, yes?”
He kicked more dirt on Aly’s dress and the other ones laughed, undoubtedly finding strength in their numbers. Catty moved in between the lad and Aly, and pushed the taller Young One down.
“Quit it!” she demanded.
The lad hopped up only with the aid of his legs. None of the Young Ones were smiling anymore when Catty went into a defensive stance.
“A grave mistake, Little One,” The lad took one step at Catty and raised his right arm, ready to backhand her.
Catty lunged forward and struck the lad in the jaw with a left hook before he could swing. He hit the ground, hard.
“Ow wow wow wow wow!” Catty shook the sting off her fist as she got back into her fighting stance. “I need to do more pushups on my knuckles.”
“Get her!” the lad shouted as he rubbed his chin.
Aly swore, annoyed since she knew she was now guilty by association. Two of the lad’s comrades charged at Catty, but Aly laid them both flat on the back with both of her feet, popping their heads back. They didn’t get back up.
By the time Requai and Glani brought Teacher to the commotion, six Young Ones were rolling around on the ground as two Little Ones tried to catch their breath by sitting against a tree. The brawl was over in thirty seconds. Catty’s left cheek was bruised, while Aly’s right eye swelled. The bright-eyed mastra wiped her bloody nose and frowned at the torn fabric of her new robe. The hood was ripped off, the bottom stomped and torn, and the brown and red dirt took away the blue’s brilliance. 
Teacher towered over the two and crossed his arms.
“They started it,” Catty said nonchalantly. She looked over at the closest head resting by her foot and kicked it with the back of her heel.
“I’m sure they did.” Teacher helped the two up. “You two are making my job difficult, but I’ll let the both of you slide for once. I’ll deal with them, and why don’t you go on home and clean up? Don’t worry. You’re not suspended, this time.”
Catty was already yammering and bragging about what happened by the time the two were back on the dirt road.
“And then, I was like boom, pow!” Catty mimicked her attacks. “That should teach them!”
“You’re making my life very miserable.” Aly sauntered on, examining her torn dress. “Look at my clothes. I’ve never had clothes this nice before, and it took Pappai so long to get it too.”
“Oh, don’t sound so whiney. I’ll just get my pappai to get you a new one.”
“It won’t be the same.”
Catty paused. “Gee. You’re welcome.”
Aly looked up in the air and groaned. “Fine. Thanks for helping me back there, Catty. I guess your current charity erases all of the horrible things you did over the past years, right?”
Catty scratched her head between her tents, not knowing what else to say. She felt a twig that got stuck during the skirmish and tugged it out. She then looked up at Aly’s tentacles and giggled.
“Your tents are a complete mess.” She brushed Aly’s head with her palm. “Why don’t you let me help you clean them up at my place?”
Aly slowed down, but Catty kept smiling. “Why are you being so nice to me again, Mastra? You wouldn’t have helped me today if this was last year.”
Catty shrugged. “This isn’t last year, is it? Things change.”
Aly looked for a catch in the mastra’s grin, but never found one.
“Yeah,” she said, smirking from the corner of her mouth. “Maybe they do.”

* * *


Chapter 10
Quongun paid for Shanvi and Aly to take a trip the following morning to another village that was days away. Shanvi knew what the lord’s true intents were; he didn’t have Aly pack a lot so they could leave as soon as possible. When evening time came and everyone was at home, Quongun called a tribal meeting outside their Truth’s Grace temple. It was the largest structure in the tribe, standing three stories high. Still, the inside only sat a few hundred at a time, so the tribe met outside. Some sat on the beams of nearby rooftops, while the remainder just sat in the road.
Cattalice and Catty checked the roster to make sure everyone was accounted for before Quongun went up to the front. When the attendance was confirmed, Catty went and sat with Requai and Glani, while Cattalice stood off to the side.
“Thank you all for arriving promptly, in spite of the hasty notice,” Quongun said; he spoke Universal, knowing Catty’s class was in the middle of the given assignment. “However, due to an incident that took place at the sparring grounds yesterday afternoon, I felt it was past time for us to address a delicate issue that few tribes must deal with.”
Requai yawned, but Catty slapped her on the arm so she wouldn’t ignore her father.
“And given that my daughter seems to be the proper age to know of such issues, I have asked all Little Ones at least six years old to attend as well.” Quongun winked at Catty. “I’m sure we have noted the absence of two in our company, given the one we are to discuss isn’t permitted to know of her condition.”
Catty looked at Requai and Glani and they both shook their heads, not knowing what Quongun was talking about. Cattalice the Elder hissed and pressed a finger to her lips when the three were about to start talking.
“Aly, child of Master Shanvi and the Late Alytchai the Elder, suffers from sungstrosis, the Sungstra illness,” Quongun said. “Due to her condition, she shall never be graced with the ability to control her inner being.”
“A Sungstra?” Catty said. “What on Gooliun is a Sungstra?”
“Quiet, Cattalice,” her mother whispered.
Catty did as told, but she still shrugged. Cattalice pointed at Quongun and raised a finger to her mouth again. He’ll explain if you just listen. 
“She was already filed with the condition to the government some time ago,” Quongun continued, “And Master Shanvi gave me documents that came right from the Capital.” 
He pulled a scroll out of his robe and held it up over his head so everyone could see it. Then he went on to explain how there were only a few thousand recorded in the documented tribes, and listed the known symptoms.
Catty couldn’t believe her ears. She held her hands out in defeat and then grabbed her head when she felt it throb. Requai was about to say something to her, but she held her tongue when the older Cattalice gave her a stern look.
“For these reasons alone, our government fears what the alien races may do if they are to know of Sungstra Goolians. So, we keep such issues as discreet as possible, even amongst ourselves. The less discussed, the more preserved, and we can guarantee the welfare of not only our tribes, but our citizens that suffer the condition. There’s no telling what the alien nations may intend to do with the use of a creature known for aggressive attributes, and we intend to keep it that way. So, that means Kutenbrya will have to do its part as well, understood?”
People nodded and answered back in agreement. Catty looked around to see how her classmates were taking the news, and they were looking just as baffled as she was. 
“Still, our Little Ones are in class with one considered potentially dangerous. My very own came across our local Sungstra’s aggression, nearly costing her life.”
Catty glanced over to her mother, who looked like she was trying to omit visions still haunting her. Her mammai rubbed her sweaty palms together and took a deep breath before looking down at her. She put on a smile, and Catty smirked back.
“In spite of this, from what I have gathered, it looks like we’re not to protect our own from Aly, but maybe it needs to be the other way around.” Quongun put the scroll up. “An incident involving six of our very own Young Ones provoked her into defending herself, and for what?”
“Pardon me, Lord Quongun.” A mastra of Mature Age near the front stood up. “May I speak, please?”
Catty knew this was bound to happen, noting the mastra was mother to the Young One who initiated harassing Aly the other day. Her pappai smiled and nodded.
“While I’ll be the first to say that there’s no pride in my boy assaulting a Little One,” the mother said, “that does little in concerns to the real problem, right? Alytchai still needs to be monitored with caution. She’s still dangerous.”
Glani covered her mouth. “No, we always poked fun at her. Hey, is that why you’ve been so nice to her lately, Catty?”
“No. This is the first time I’ve heard anything about this. Honest.”
Catty glanced at her mammai to see where she stood in regards to the other mastra’s words. Cattalice had never seemed thrilled about the way the tribe was currently handling Aly, ever since she saw what the Sungstra did to her. To Catty, that was probably why her mother’s smile hinted at her agreeing with the other mother. She shook her head in disbelief.
“With all due respect, Mastra Sentill,” Quongun said, “I must insist that Aly is a peaceful child. She has no intent––”
“Didn’t you just say it’s in a Sungstra’s nature to be ill-tempered and aggressive? And you pointed the well-being of your own as an example, right? Why, maybe we should be discussing if a creature like that should even have a part in the Evaluations.
“By Truth’s Grace, are we supposed to wait for one of our own children to come upon her wrath like Catty did, if not worse? Or maybe you called this meeting since it was your own child involved in the latest conflict. Would you have shown the same concern if this had happened to someone else’s?”
A lot of the people started murmuring to one another, agreeing with what the mastra said in regards to the Evaluations.
“I speak from the insight of a mother,” Sentill said. “Maybe we should hear the thoughts from another, right? What do you say, Mistress Cattalice?”
Catty and Quongun both blinked twice, bewildered at how easily his authority over the meeting was taken. They waited for Cattalice to make a reaction, expecting she’d simply give the direction back to him, as previously agreed during planning. However, the mastra had a new appeal of power in her eyes, knowingly seeing the opportunity to say what was really on her mind.
Catty caught her pappai shaking his head ever so slightly, begging her mammai to keep her tongue. Cattalice, however, took the bait and stepped forward. Sentill smiled as the orange-tented mastra walked over to her. Catty’s ears drooped, disappointed.
“Thank you, Mastra.” Sentill bowed when Cattalice stopped in front of her. “So, you agree with me, don’t you?”
Quongun covered his eyes. “Cattalice, please, just leave it alone.”
“No,” his mate hissed. “As a matter of fact, I don’t think I will.”
Cattalice clutched her right hand into a fist, pulled it back, and jammed it into the mastra’s left eye, knocking her into her startled mate’s outstretched arms.
“Shuyna pache,” Quongun said behind his hands.
Catty gasped. “Pappai!” She had never heard him swear before.
Quongun ran over to Cattalice and grabbed her around the waist, pulling her away from Sentill’s head as she reached out to pull a tent.
Glani scooted behind Catty a little. “I guess your folks are – how do they say – on the same page with Aly?”
“Apparently so, but maybe my mammai is a little more...passionate about their joint perspective.”
“And more direct!” Requai laughed. “Really, why aren’t we called to more grown-up meetings? These are great!”
Catty’s mother took another swing when she almost got out of Quongun’s grip. “Who are you to speak out against a child that has no voice to defend herself? Why, you only speak as such, given your boy was to get a thorough ass-kicking!”
“Mammai!”
“Catty, your mammai is so awesome!” one of the lads in her class hollered.
Quongun swung Cattalice around. “Settle down, I beg!”
The mastra hissed at Sentill, who looked as baffled as she was terrified. Still, the mistress eventually calmed herself down, straightened her robe, and stood beside her mate. Quongun looked like he was waiting to see if Cattalice was going to make another break for Sentill. He cleared his throat when she seemed level enough to continue.
“Well, our mistress certainly has a way with words. Regardless, for what it’s worth, I agree with her. The danger in Aly is obvious, yes, but no more obvious than an individual who can fire a death beam at any person’s head with the mere point of the finger, like the rest of us.
“And I think we have a greater arsenal over her. We have weapons in words. The teachers at the learning boards can only do so much in explaining right from wrong, but it is vital for all parents in the tribe to educate their Little Ones in the dangers of insults and bullying. Believe it or not, they are as deadly as any beam or blade, and if they aren’t addressed soon enough, the harm might very well become physical.”
Glani and Requai both squirmed a little when the master passed his gaze over them.
So, we’re going to end all ‘problems’ and concerns over Alytchai tonight. Now.”
Catty didn’t know Quongun could speak to other grown-ups like that when he was upset. And apparently, grown-ups had a lot of things to say when they were, since the meeting went on for another two hours. By the time Quongun thanked everyone for coming out and allowed them to leave, some of the Little Ones were already asleep.
“So, it finally ends.” Catty stretched and yawned before she shook Glani awake. “Elders can’t stop talking when they’re on a roll.”
“Tell me about it.” Glani patted her face twice to shake off her drowsiness. “It was beyond boring. Then again, at least the start was exciting.”
“Beyond exciting!” Requai said as she slapped Catty on the back. “By Truth’s Grace, Catty, I never thought your mammai could throw a hook like that. I think I even envy you more.”
Catty smiled as she placed her hands behind her back. She skipped over to at her parents and gave Cattalice a hug.
“If I may, thanks, Mammai.”
“Oh? For what, dearest?”
“For defending Aly the way you did.”
Cattalice checked Quongun out of the corner of her eye and saw him grin. “Oh. While I’m glad you noted my intent, I probably could’ve handled it a little better. Especially for one being a noble. And here we are, talking about bullying to your classmates, and you have to watch a grown-up throw some punches. I’m sorry.”
“Sure. Still, you’re not going to exclude Aly from the Evaluations, Pappai, are you?”
Quongun rubbed his chin as he approached the two. “We have a few more years to think that over. We’ll just have to see if Aly will be a risk or not.”
“No more of a risk than people that can point a finger and fire a death beam.” Cattalice poked her mate on the nose. “Remember?”
Teacher and Slew came up to the family, both bowing deeply.
“It looks like our Sungstra child was well-defended, despite her absence,” Teacher said.
“It’s easy to do for one so dear.” Quongun placed his hands on Catty’s shoulder. “Aly might as well be one of our own.”
Cattalice rubbed her head. “I still can’t believe what Sentill said. Of all the nerve.”
Teacher shook his head. “There’s bound to be other simple-minded people like her, who just weren’t vocal about it. We can’t help that, but we can do our part in educating people properly.”
Slew rubbed the top of Catty’s head. “And what do you think of all this, Little Mastra? Does this change anything? Teacher and I couldn’t help but notice how much nicer you’ve been around Aly these past few months.”
“If I may, so what?” Catty shrugged. “It took a broken jaw, ribs, and a dislocated knee for me to wake up.”
“Maybe.” The master looked at the remaining Little Ones talking with their parents. “Still, I think a lot of people your age are going to be nicer to Aly now, more than likely acting out of pity. You, on the other hand, were able to change on your own accord just because it was right.”
Catty made a line in the dirt with her foot. “If I may, no sir. I’m sure others would’ve done the same if they were me.”
“Probably. We all have to learn things the hard way at times. But, call it a hunch, I still think you would’ve come around before others. You’re a good friend. I can tell.”
The Little One eyed the ground, wanting to hide her smile. “Thank you, Master.”
Teacher and Slew bid the family farewell and headed off to their own huts. Cattalice and Quongun grabbed Catty’s hands and swung her back and forth between them on the way back to their home.
“I hope you live up to Master Slew’s words,” Quongun said. 
Catty nodded. “I’ll do my best, Pappai.”
“Sure, but actions speak louder than words, Little One.”
“For actions are what truly make character,” Catty answered in her native tongue.
Her parents looked at each other and smiled. 
“It looks like this one finally understands the meaning behind the words,” Quongun said. “I think you’re heading in the right direction for being a Goolian of true honor.”
“Agreed.” Cattalice swung Catty forward. “I think you showed your worth as a friend yesterday. Still, maybe we should all try to solve problems without having to throw a punch, okay? Besides, we don’t want to mess up too many robes.”
“Oh, right!” Catty leapt out of her parent’s hands. “That reminds me. If I may, can I ask a favor?”
“It doesn’t require spending any silver, does it?” Cattalice asked.
Catty placed her hands behind her back as she looked up at the stars and smiled. “Well, the thing is, Aly got her new robe messed up pretty badly yesterday and––”
“Oh no.” Quongun held his head.

* * * * *




Chapter 11
Pick and stuff, pick and stuff. That was the beat fourteen-year-old Aly made as she plucked weeds in the field. Some shifts could go on for four hours, while others took six. Either way, the mastra was worn out by the time she was done. She brushed a tent back; they now went a little past her shoulders and were blue beyond the base of her head
“Why not take a moment, Nala?” Aly told the large four-legged creature plowing the gravel for her up ahead.
Nala turned her large head and snorted through her snout. Her pair of tiny blue eyes fluttered their eyelashes before turning back around and moving on.
“Aw, I beg. Truly, we made goal already along with the second quota. I assure you, the tribe shall be well off, indeed. Thus, be a good choulloo and hold, if for a moment.” Aly leaned over to the creature’s left ear. “I shall sing this one a melody if you do.”
She hummed and rubbed between one of the eight fans made out of hardened skin protruding from Nala’s back. The creature howled slightly and Aly scratched Nala’s rough and bumpy gray skin even harder. The choulloo sat back on her hind legs, which were larger than her front.
“There, that be a good mastra.” Aly undid the yoke around Nala’s neck. “I shall hate having to give you up when I become of Young Age. Truly, this one makes the task easier.”
Aly rolled her neck around twice when she felt a kink. Even though the Little One had an extra load of expectations to meet, she still had to go to school and the sparring grounds. She didn’t complain, though. Any Goolian of a good age was expected to tend the tribe’s fields, no matter what. Still, the work was easier when she didn’t have a migraine after getting kicked in the head.
Aly popped her neck again and swore quietly after patting her assigned choulloo on the hump. The wallop Catty got on her during sparring that afternoon was more irritating than anything else. Teacher said she might have gotten a slight concussion, but she was still good enough for work after school. So, like any proper young Goolian, Aly didn’t fuss, whine, or talk back to an elder. She just did as told. 
A good Goolian did three things, after all. They were to fight, to learn, and to work. There be nothing beyond the tribe. Besides, she knew she’d have to get used to moving when her body begged her not to. The Evaluations started tomorrow.
Stranded in the middle of the wilderness for only Truth’s Grace knew how long, she and the rest of the Goolians between thirteen and nineteen would be pushed to the limit. Food and water would have to be found while other teams were hunting her. Fatalities were very rare, but still possible, and even if the deaths didn’t happen, she was witness to the potential injuries years ago. This was far from any game or sparring match she ever had at the grounds.
Shanvi told her the assessment was more of a spiritual enlightenment than a physical analysis, but Aly didn’t care about that. She just wanted to prove her worth to her people. Without their approval of her value, she might as well have been a castaway. Let the alien nations go about their own business; the next few weeks belonged to Planet Gooliun, as far as she was concerned.
After rubbing her left shoulder, the Little One sat down and leaned against Nala. The chouloo snorted loudly and nudged her off. Aly rubbed the back of her head when it bumped against the creature’s back. As far as she could tell, there was nothing but muscle on the gentle giant.
Aly cleared her throat. “Apologies. I did not forget.”
She hummed as she rested against Nala again, and the creature rewarded the Goolian by letting her use her body as the temporary pillow needed. Aly just knew bending over for so long in the fields couldn’t possibly be good for someone her age, especially since she was still growing. And growing was an understatement in her case.
She had always been taller than Catty, but she never thought she’d be a full head higher. And Aly recalled having to look down at Joquin when they chatted the day before. It was weird.
And she had to do a lot of talking to lads recently, now that she thought about it. She didn’t know why, but the masters started conversing with her about a year ago. Everyone, oddly enough, seemed much nicer when she and Shanvi took that lovely trip away from the village when she was eight. She never forgot how odd the sudden turnaround was when she came back. However, the new social status from the other gender was even more peculiar to the mastra. And why did she catch the other mastras glaring at her every time a master wanted to talk to her?
“And why does this one waste time while she is to be on the clock?” Aly heard a voice behind her say. 
She shielded her eyes from the setting suns so she could see a mastra’s silhouette upon turning around. Her Goolian vision quickly adjusted, so Catty’s smirk was visible. The other mastra had a pink umbrella shading her from the sun as she looked down on her. 
“Truly, and did you only arrive to flaunt your new accessory?” Aly asked. “Why did you not bring it to the learning boards today?”
Catty placed a hand on her chest, acting astonished. “Why, I am merely too grand of a noble to visually outdo you common folk. I figured I could ‘flaunt’ it about as I came to examine the well-being of my employees.”
“Really. And I must say, I be under your pappai’s employ. If I were to be ruled under this one’s spoiled ass, I would have thus resigned ages ago.”
Catty hit the ground with the end of her umbrella and Aly’s ears shot up. Nala opened her eyes once when she felt the stump, but closed them the instant she realized there wasn’t a predator trying to sneak up on her.
“You best learn to watch your tongue, peasant,” Catty said.
Aly glared at Catty, and Catty shot a look right back. They couldn’t hold their faces for long, however, and laughed.
“Well, do not linger,” Aly said. “Come. Let me have a look.”
Catty came around Nala and handed Aly the umbrella. “Truly, it is lovely, yes? My pappai had it at my resting board’s portal this morning and... Oh, dearest. You work too grand.”
Catty pulled out a cloth and patted Aly’s forehead when she saw how hard she was sweating. Aly yanked the cloth away and wiped her own face.
“Truly, you may use this shield’s shade during your hours of work, if you like.”
“Nay.” Aly dabbed her forehead. When she swabbed underneath her arms and offered the cloth back, Catty quickly shook her head. “Nala provides enough, when need be. And beyond this, I shall not suffer favoritism over the others.”
“If it be your wish.” Catty tried to smile as Aly handed her back the umbrella. When she reached out for it, Aly gasped.
“Truly, your skin is as lovely as your mammai’s now.” Aly pulled Catty’s arm next to hers. “Toiling in the evening suns has thus made the lot of us tan while this one is still a fair light green.”
Catty tugged her arm back and stood up. She studied how worn Aly’s clothing was, just like the others. The blue in her own silk-like robe was fully saturated with blue, while the cotton-like material in Aly’s was almost gray.
“It be a strange thing, yes?” Aly asked, knowing what Catty was thinking. “This entire time, we were to take note of the difference in wealth, yet we truly see it now with older eyes. Fret not. Truly, you still be who you be; an absolute annoyance.”
“And thus the feeling is mutual.” Catty forced a smirk. “Yet I shall not delay you from your break, as I must go over the numbers in Pappai’s office. I was to simply wonder if you had plannings for going to the grounds tonight.”
“Nay. I best give my body a moment’s rest. Thus it be overwhelmed in the morrow. Why? Surely you see no need to.”
“I do not. I share your logic. Thus I take it you are well prepared for the following weeks, yes?”
“I fear I am as ready as I shall be. And I am grateful to be on your team as well.”
“What nonsense! Glani, Requai, and I all insisted you to be so. Our chances for success shall be greater with our varied skills combined, yes? For even they have improved greatly.”
Aly stretched across the grass on her back and counted the stars already visible in the orange and purple evening sky. Catty poked the choulloo on the head, waking her up. The creature was about to make a fuss, but Catty pulled out a handful of nuts before she could whine. Nala licked the food off the mastra’s hand with one swoop of her tongue, and laid back down the instant she finished eating.
“Truly, I get the feeling that this one has something else to say,” Aly said, still gazing at the sky.
Catty stopped and fiddled with one of her bracelets. “Well, I was to also wonder this. How grave of an issue is it for you to win the Evaluations?”
Aly sat up, raised a brow, and then lay back down. She folded her hands over her belly as she crossed her legs.
“Take a crazed guess,” she said. “Is there any other accomplishment worth having at this age?”
“Surely there be!” Catty sat down and pressed her knees to her chest. “I long for the recognition just the same, yet we best put aside our selfishness for the greater good. Is that not what these olden folk have hammered into our brains since we were in children’s garden?”
“Has this one shared her lovely lecture with Glani and Requai?”
“They have never said how badly they desire to be noted as the best in combat the way you have with me. Thus, as a friend, I only beg for this one to keep her priorities straight while we dwell in the wilds. We shall be on our own, Alytchai. Neither Teacher or your pappai shall be there to heal wounds when we make an error.”
Aly got up and went back to picking.
“You still be a stubborn one who cannot fancy me being right at times,” Catty said. “Truly, are we more than warriors? I wonder if we should even consider ourselves that, since we shall never face a true enemy. What of harvesting in the fields as you do now? Does ensuring that we all have enough to eat not matter? And what of the priesthoods – merchants, blacksmiths, medics, or the clerics at the temple? Are they not as important?”
“Indeed they are, yet fighting be the only thing I am denied credit over. I need to fulfill my use according to all aspects of worth. For even a Little One can fill a bag of weeds if need be, Catty.”
“Then what of your voice? You are blessed to make others smile when they see no reason to. That be a unique gift in its own.”
“A song cannot take a problem away.”
“Your lack of insight disappoints me.”
“It be easy for one who has never lacked in anything, including respect, to say such things.”
Aly eyed the ground the second she finished talking. She bit her tongue and rubbed her hands when Catty didn’t respond.
“I spoke out of frustration,” she said. “Truly, I meant not what I alleged.”
Catty still didn’t say anything, so Aly went back to picking, busying herself with something beyond feeling guilty. Still, when she looked at her, Catty’s cheeks were flushed. The way she pressed her lips together told Aly that she was doing everything in her power not to speak out of anger.
Aly bowed her head. “Cattalice, truly, I apologize most sincerely. Yet understand this. You are considered a prodigy amongst the tribe. Adored and respected by everyone in class.”
“You truly feel I am respected by others, don’t you? Your shift ends now.” 
“Pardon?”
“You are not deaf, thus you heard me well. I shall see you in the morrow.”
Catty got up and patted the choulloo on the rear three times. “Nik nik, Nala. Off to the stables you go. Bedtime.”
Nala yawned, got up and turned around. Without the mastras having to say another word, she headed to the stables. As she left, Catty stormed off to her house, making Aly jog up to her.
“I beg, do not be mad.”
“Oh, I am quite upset, indeed. And thus I have a legitimate reason to give you another concussion. Yet I shall be the civilized one and take my leave, you barbarian.”
“Catty, just a moment.” Aly grabbed the mastra by the arm, but Catty jerked away. “Truly, I was harsh in the way I said it, yet you cannot grow entirely ill with me for merely speaking the truth.”
“The truth!” Catty stopped in her tracks. “And I had the mind to think that you, of all people, would understand. How can you not see I am only regarded for my lineage and not my own person? I work, Aly. Perhaps not by the same means as some, yet by Truth’s Grace, do I work!”
“Why does this one make such a fuss?” Aly raced after Catty again when the mastra sped off. “Truly, you almost imply that your wealth and your natural skills seem to be a burden than a good fortune. This one has had things easier than most, yet you do not flaunt it about unless you make jokes of it. Thus what be the trouble? There is no shame in you not having to work.”
Aly stopped the second Catty hissed. It was like “not having to work” and “easier than most” struck a nerve.
“Is this what all think as they look at me?” Catty said. “Truly, it has appeared that way as far as I can recall. Yet, for once, I simply wish to hear ‘Catty attempts to strive beyond expectations at the sparring grounds.’ Or ‘she was up two hours after the night shift ended to count the numbers, only to do her homework immediately afterward.’
“Truly, I make no complaints over such tasks. For we are all expected to endure for the betterment of the greater good, yes? I simply wish I could share in the regard as well. That is all.”
Catty tripped over a bag left in the fields, anger probably diverting her attention from where she was going. Aly was about to give her a hand, but she scrambled to her feet before she could help her up. The mastra then kicked the bag over, knocking out some of the weeds inside. Aly halted and waited for her friend to settle down.
Catty looked up at the sky. “What else do you need me to do? Why can you not at least say I try to be of worth? At the very least, I try. I do not understand why such a simple request seems so hard to come by.”
As far as Aly was concerned, Catty was asking for something she already had. The tribe spoke highly of her. She was the most popular girl in class, if not the village. And all she had to do was lift her hand and things happened for Catty, at times, quite literally. Aly, on the other hand, had to put in the “real” effort.
“I fear we shall have to agree to disagree, Mastra,” she said. “Truly, I envy you.”
Catty looked back at her, studying her thoroughly. At what, Aly didn’t have a clue. She couldn’t understand that the mastra was admiring her skin, lush green, gracefully tanned. She didn’t know that Catty, in comparison, felt as if she looked like she’d never stepped outside her room before, due to the high yellow pigment in her own skin.
Catty then looked at both of their hands. Their knuckles were darker than the rest of their bodies, having worked them so hard over the years. Unlike the rest of their skin, they weren’t smooth to the touch, but rough and rugged with the toil of trying to be an honorable Goolian. Fight, learn, and work. It looked like she had all of that covered, like Aly, but the visual differences were what made the unknowing Sungstra stand out more, maybe even to the point of overshadowing everything Catty tried to do.
“Then why do I envy you?” Catty answered back.
Aly didn’t respond.
“I suppose this one was correct, then,” Catty added. “We must agree to disagree.”
“Foolish. I see there be no point in making you realize how blessed you be.”
“And the grass tries to call the Goolian green. Again, I shall see you in the morrow.”
The two headed home in separate ways, tired of the other’s ignorance and saddened by it even more. Besides, they had more pressing matters to attend to. The biggest day to the rest of their lives was just around the corner.

* * *

Aly woke up thirty minutes earlier than usual the next morning so she could meditate at the temple. When she sat up, however, she thought she was going to vomit. The first thing that came to mind was the Evaluations. After taking deep breaths, she closed her eyes, crossed her legs, and scooted her feet in, taking a minute to cleanse her thoughts.
Aly gave Shanvi his daily kiss when she walked out of her room fifteen minutes later. She stroked his graying tents before sitting at the table where she usually studied, tapping the floor with her left foot.
“If I may, what did you ask Truth’s Grace for?” Shanvi said. “Apologies. I came upon your room when I noticed you had not emerged, and saw you in the midst of meditation.” 
“I asked for everyone’s well-being during the Evaluations, and that I do my best. That be all. Nothing selfish.”
“Good.” Shanvi set a bowl of water in front of Aly and sat across from her. “Yet you still be nervous, yes?”
“Truly, a little.” Aly took a sip. “I have awaited this moment for years and now it is to finally arrive, perhaps too soon.”
“Merely do as I suggested and all shall be well. Do not stay on ground for long, lest you set yourself up for many ambushes. Take the defensive initially, since there shall be plenty of time to eliminate others. Yet beyond all things, be mindful of your mates.
“Be cautious of your mind, Mastra, and the Evaluations shall take care of itself. And even so, this merely be the first, yet not the last, one of its kind. You shall have plenty of other assessments beyond this one, most of them less demanding on the physical note.”
“Yet perhaps this one shall determine the others. Perhaps this alone shall judge my future as a reliable Goolian.”
Shanvi took Aly’s drink when she was finished and set it on the counter. When he turned back around, the Little One had her elbows on the table and her hands on her head.
“Aly,” Shanvi said, rubbing her back. “Truly, there be more important matters in qualifying one’s worth. Do you not aid the tribe in the fields? Do you not make people smile when you sing?”
“If I may, you sound as Catty does.”
“Thus she be a good friend.”
“Yet what if I cannot defend the tribe as well as others?”
“Alytchai, you give yourself needless excuses to worry. Truly, it has thus been centuries since any tribe has tried to compete against our own. We are a unified planetary nation, silly. And I highly doubt the rest of the galaxy shall have a need in pulling us into their affairs as they did with the Cyogen three and a thousand years prior. Such days of galactic conflict ended with their demise.”
Shanvi sat back down and held the Little One’s hands. “I know you have valued this moment greatly, yet you best realize there are greater ways to serve the tribe, even if you are not considered the best at it.”
“Permission to speak freely?”
“You may.”
Aly took a deep breath, nervously twisting a tent around as she thought her words out in her head. Shanvi sat down across from her and she looked him face to face with bright and sad eyes.
“I feel that there is to be more to the Evaluations beyond simply proving my worth, perhaps.”
“Oh? How so?”
“Pappai, surely this one recalls how I was treated when I was little, yes?”
“Truth’s Grace. I would rephrase it as mistreated. Thus I smile everyday in seeing how far you and your classmates have come along since.”
“We have. Even so, with many being nicer to me now, I still find myself being ridiculed.”
Shanvi laughed. “Oh, you do not.”
“Indeed, I do!” Aly covered her mouth when Shanvi gave her a look. “Apologies for my outburst. Yet I grow frustrated in knowing that I perform well in the fields and Lord Quongun commends me of my work. My grades are well established in all subject matters at the learning board. I have been trained in the art of combat since I was but five, and while I cannot control my being, I still manage to be the best in all other aspects of the martial arts.”
Aly paused and examined her palms. “And even then, after all I have done, I have been told to do this: clean up for everyone else since I am the worst.”

Nay, you misread out intentions. It only be because you are a Sungstra. We understand your circumstances, yet you do not. If only Shanvi could say those words. He rubbed his face and begged for mercy, fighting off the temptation to just tell Aly the truth. Year after year, it got more difficult to bear. 
Over time, Shanvi’s mind-conditioned itself to shut down the second an opportune moment came for him to break the secret. And with every passing season, the toil of bearing it broke his heart. What harm could there be in her knowing?
Aly got up from her seat and looked out the window, since Shanvi looked to be at a loss for words. Younger children were hurrying off to school with their friends, and that made Shanvi realize how much his child’s priorities had changed over the years.
“Your only concern is to be the best you can be,” Shanvi insisted. “The tribe shall never ask for more.”
“Then I shall do so on my own merit, since the tribe does not.” Aly turned and set her hands down on the table. “I wish to be the best for the tribe, as we have been taught. Yet, while others are considered to succeed in the form of combat, what if the one thing I lack marks me as being two-thirds true Goolian?”
Shanvi popped Aly’s hands, not enough to hurt, but just enough to make a point. “Do not ever say such foolishness, Alytchai. You are of equal worth, as any other soul here. And if that not be enough, then you are surely more precious than any other being to me.”
Shanvi could tell that didn’t really matter to Aly anymore, thanks to her turned lip. When did it ever?
“This one has struggled in being accepted more than most,” he added. “And for unjust reasons, I know. Yet now, you seem to become one with your own and your peers have come to accept you as you be. And even so, you still long for more?”
Aly sat back down and rubbed her forehead.
“You long to see more of the world, to be the best in all that you do, and be accepted by all.” Shanvi sighed and placed a hand on the table. “Yet I have tragic news for you, dearest. Such desires are not possible. 
“Even if you were to travel the stars as other sentient beings do, you shall then desire to see other galaxies. You may perhaps be the best in all your skills, yet someone shall eventually come along and naturally be better, sooner or later. And even if you are as kind and gentle to every person you meet, there shall be one who despises you for no logical reason. Apologies, yet that be the way of things.”
“Then, if I may, Pappai.”
“You may.”
“Truly, that is not fair.”
Shanvi placed a hand on one of Aly’s and patted it. “Sadly, such is life. It be cruel at times, yet hope still remains within you. Just be happy with yourself, Aly.”
Shanvi hadn’t been Aly’s age for decades, so he couldn’t understand. The thought of being content and just settling for whatever life decided to offer her sounded repulsive. As far as she was concerned, that was what older folk told younger people whenever they weren’t able to make it as far in life as they had even hoped. However, she still had time. She still had a chance to rebel against the enemy known as “fate” and direct her own path. 
“Nay. Not good enough.” Aly pulled her hand away. “I-if I may, I do not think I can settle for less.”
Shanvi froze. “Then I suggest that you best wise up, Little One. If not, you shall bring upon your own demise. Even so, I cannot show you this. You shall have to suffer your fate alone.”
“Very good, Pappai,” Aly said, as if programmed over the years to say so. She scooted back from her chair and went out the door, tearing Shanvi into pieces without even realizing it. “I am to be late for the temple. May I be pardoned?”
Shanvi waved her off. He thought of something more insightful to say as he got out of his seat and watched her go down the street, but in the end, he was out of words. Shanvi headed to the counter and wiped it a little. Scrub, and scrub some more, but the damage was already done. He flung the tile he was using across the room and just sat in the hut alone, with the torment from his thoughts to keep him company. 

* * *

Cattalice and Quongun watched Catty poke her breakfast silently. Their Little One’s eyes were fixed on the morning’s fresh fruit like a magnet, but that was as far as she went.
Quongun nudged her plate closer to her. “Dearest, you best eat something. It would be best to begin the assessment with a hardy meal, yes?”
“I hunger not.”
Cattalice shook her head at her mate, signaling him to let the child be. She then placed her hand against Catty’s forehead.
“Your face chills with anxiety,” she said. “Would you like me to fetch a warm towel?”
“Nay, Mastra. My thanks.”
The parents looked at each other, both out of ideas of what to do next. A maid came by and grabbed Catty’s plate when she saw the untouched meal. Quongun was about to interject, but cut himself off.
“You did not say much when you came back to the house last evening as well,” he said instead. “Was your talk with Aly productive?”
“Not really.”
“Well, it was the three of you who decided to include her in your lineup, even though you know of the danger she may bring. Thus you must deal with whatever consequences are due for having a Sungstra on your team.”
Cattalice cleared her throat slightly before she broke some fruit in half. Perhaps a better time for such a lecture, she hinted.
“Yet I am sure the lot of you shall do quite well.” Quongun tried to sound excited. “I know this one has awaited this moment for many years. Perhaps you shall take this as a relief; the wait be over.”
“And I am not ready.”
Cattalice chuckled. “And I thought the same when I was to take part in the Evaluations as well.”
“If I may, Mammai, you said you were ten and eight when you took part in the test. At the very least, you were a Young One, yes?”
“Yet you are far more skilled in the arts than I ever was at your age. You have proven yourself to be the best in your class, and now you have the desire to prove it to the entire tribe. Yet fret not over such silly thoughts. Whatever is to happen, your pappai and I shall be no less proud of you as we are today, and so shall the tribe. I beg, just come back home in one piece, yes? And, by Truth’s Grace, take care of your teammates. Are they not of more worth?”
Catty smirked, perhaps sensing her parents needed her to pipe up for their sakes. “Indeed. Your words of wisdom are true to the core. I no longer need to battle myself as much as I do the others. Why should I care what others are to think?”
But she knew better, and they knew it too. Settling for less was what people who doubted themselves did all the time. Then again, that was what scared Catty the most, since she was having loads of doubt that instant.
“If I may, can I be pardoned from the table?”
Quongun nodded. “You may.”
Catty got up, went upstairs to her resting board, and shut the door. Quongun set his fruit down and shoved it away, having lost his appetite.
“Did we do something wrong?” Cattalice said. “Truly, to this point, we have always said everything we were supposed to say, yes?”
Quongun didn’t answer as he got up and took their plates. Cattalice placed her face in her hands, reviewing every lesson she gave and act she made in front of Catty throughout her life. The more she thought it over, the less confident she was in her self-analysis.
“Be damned, could we not have done more? Indeed, I think I could have. She be so concerned over winning, she ignores the dangers she is to face. By Truth’s Grace, why did we not correct her thoughts?”
“Her thoughts be her own, regardless of what we do.” Quongun scraped the food into a basket for the choulloos. “We may only say so much, yet in the end, a person’s own rationale shall always triumph over any other’s.”
“Truly. And such a triumph is a tragedy.”

* * *

Sessions with Master Slew were cut short, since the Evaluations started early. He tried livening up the atmosphere by praising everyone, but the Little Ones knew better. They were about to go to war, as far as they were concerned, and in the end, words never mattered on the battlefield.
The Young Ones were either stretching or meditating at the grounds with Teacher when Aly and Catty’s class arrived. There were sixty-four participants taking part in the test altogether, half of them coming from Aly and Catty’s class, while the remainder came from Young Ones as young as nineteen.
And the difference between the older children was horrifically apparent. They towered over the younger students, with the exception of Aly. Their tentacles were fully colored, from the ends to the base of their foreheads, and their muscles were more defined. All things considered, they were more powerful and were going to be much more brutal.
Still, in spite of the odds, the younger class hid their nerves as they prepared. Aly and Catty’s classmates followed right in sync with warm ups, and the older kids didn’t make any gripes about it. They knew the younger children well, and understood why they got paired up with the likes of them.
Teacher had a black robe on today, and everyone thought the color was fitting since black meant the possible beginning or end of things to a Goolian. When the Mature Aged cleared his throat, the participants stopped warming up.
“I shall keep this simple, since you all know what be the stakes. This is the first of your ten lifelong analyses to follow your permanent record, thus it be important to start out strong. Be that as it may, I pray that the lot of you take heed of your bodies. Never in our history have we paired such varied age groups together, yet the times change, and so shall we when we are called to do so. And yet, I still insist this: obey the rules, show the proper respect, and you all shall return home safely, very good?”
“Very good, Teacher,” everyone said.
Teacher grabbed a large sheet of papyrus and stuck it onto a tree with a nail. It was a graph showing the designated groups.
“Whoever does not have a team, I beg, make it known now.” No one raised a hand as he paused. “Very well.”
Aly held her stomach as the butterflies inside churned. It was happening. The Evaluations were actually happening, and there was nothing she could do about it. For years, she thought she’d be able to jump four stories high when this moment arrived. Now that the time was upon her, however, she didn’t want to jump at all. She just needed to run away and hide instead.
“It be a simple concept,” Teacher said. “Survive the wilderness as long as possible while eliminating opponents. All training has thus come down to this. If you lack reflexes, then you shall lose. If you lack agility, you shall lose. If you lack proper control etiquette...”
He stopped, looked at Aly, and looked away.
“...you shall lose. If you do not know how to fend for yourself or others, you shall lose.”
Catty thought she was going to pass out, knowing she was out of her league. She turned around and looked up at the Young One behind her. Of course, she’d known him her entire life, but in that instant, he became a terrifying stranger that only wanted to bash her eyes into her cranium.
Glani rubbed Aly’s back. “Are you well, dearest? You seem a tad pale. Breathe.”
Aly nodded but didn’t say anything.
“We can do this,” Glani said. “Truly, as long as we are to work together, all shall be fine.”
Aly inhaled and flapped her hands, like keeping her composure was a fight on its own. She looked around and studied the trees as if she’d never see them again.
Teacher pointed at a tent he set up hours ago. “I shall remain here for the duration of the event, as always. Be sure you and your mates document each other’s performance throughout the course. And remember, there be no point in cheating. If you are taken out by an opponent and continue to fight, you shall be found out. Every person here is not only a participant, yet a rule official, as well. Thus I shall say no more in this regard, very good?”
Even though Teacher gave the warning, the Goolians already knew they didn’t have anything to worry about. Dishonesty was beyond shameful. One might as well get exiled for being called a “liar.”
“Now, these be my final words.” Teacher stood up straighter and folded his hands behind his back. “I have only been hailed as Teacher for nine years, yet I declare these to be the grandest days in my existence. In you, I am well pleased, and I have been greatly honored and privileged in directing your paths in being Goolians of honor.
“May Truth’s Grace provide blessings to you all. Take care of one another. Respect one another. While you endure the struggles of the wild, discover what being a true Goolian means, yes?”
He placed two fingers together and held them between his brows, giving a Goolian salute. The other Goolians did the same.
“We are not a person, yet a unit. While one may remain standing in the end, do not forget that it took an entire village to bring you to that moment of grand opportunity. There be nothing beyond the tribe.”
“There be nothing beyond the tribe,” everyone answered.
Silence. No more talk. It was simply do or do not. Win or lose. Keep to the course, or go home.
“And so we begin. The first group into the wilderness includes Cattalice, Requai, Glani, and Alytchai.”
The four mastras went to the front, already eyeing the first tree they were going to hop onto.
“I hear the fruit in the wild is quite extravagant beyond all reasoning, Mastras,” Catty said, wanting to kill everyone’s nerves. “What say you?”
“Perhaps they taste better than Master Shanvi’s cooking,” Requai said.
Aly smirked. “Perhaps. Let us find out.”
Glani pointed into the darker unknown reaches of the forest. “Then I shall race you to the nearest batch.”
Teacher held up a hand. “On the mark. “Prepare…”
Their feet dug into the gravel. Their hearts pounded against their sternums, eyes locked straight ahead. Ears heard nothing beyond the sparring priest’s breaths, longing for the final order to begin the Evaluations of the Tribe. And then, it finally happened.
“Engage.”

* * *


Chapter 12
Aly’s face was muddied with brown and gray, not having the time to bathe for days. Still, her eyes were just as piercing when she hopped to another branch, far deeper into the forest than she’d ever gone. Moss was thicker in the region and sunlight was scarce. It was like the dreary sights were all that she had ever known, branches stretched out like clawed fingers and wild animals growling and hissing all around her.
The trees were beyond ancient, far older than the eldest Goolian who told the Cyogen ghost stories around the campfire back home. Their lower branches didn’t waste energy by producing leaves, since the canopy got most of the attention, they being beyond such silly acts like the “childish” trees Aly was used to climbing.
No, the only needed leaves came from the top, and unlike the leaves that lived for a few months, these were older than any living Goolian as well. Being near the canopy, Aly moved one out of the way, feeling its weight, and silencing the urge to apologize to it because she saw herself as a lowly mortal creature having the audacity to shove aside such a relic.
She evaluated the two-day old bandage wrapped around her left arm, now realizing it was getting dark from the blood that had eased through it. The thought of slowing down agitated her as much as her hunger did. Still, she knew she needed to keep the wound clean. She already messed up upon originally staying near the ground, even when Shanvi told her not to, but being on the run for so long made her slip up on a lot of things.
“Pappai,” she whispered the word. She didn’t think not seeing him for a month could hurt so much. The bruises and scrapes she had all over her body wouldn’t matter if she could just see him again. She didn’t long for the physical healing, however. She just missed him terribly. And her bed – so simple in design, but so welcoming in function. She thought about it every time she tried going to sleep, too tired and sore to move an inch, but too alert to pass out.
Aly looked around and saw yellow slime running down a tree’s side. She hopped over to it, unwrapped her bandage, and swabbed a handful of the substance. She took a deep breath, folded her dark lips in, and pressed the slime over her wound. Her eyes went wide, the goo feeling like electricity shooting up her nerves. She quickly bit into a small nearby branch so she wouldn’t holler. The pain subsided moments later.
Aly panted as sweat ran down her head, but she got up. Too much time was already wasted. She froze when she heard rustling in the leaves overhead, and waited. She didn’t place her back against the tree, since she knew the enemy would still see her because of their infrared vision. They were onto her.
Given she was outnumbered and surrounded, she knew her only chance for survival was to take her predators where she wanted. Aly noticed the sticks and twigs weren’t as dense on the right as they were on her left. She tightened the cloth in her ponytail before leaping for a tree two meters away.
When she landed on the designated branch, her stomach’s growl made her entire body shake. She squatted down and rubbed her belly, wondering how long it had been since she last ate a decent meal. She checked what little sunlight was coming through the old leaves and swore; it was lunchtime back in Kutenbrya. The mastra eyed a healthy tree with large orange fruits about the size of her head right across from her.
She sniffed, and the stench made her spit. Back home, the air was filled with the aroma of flower petals and fresh fruit seeds. Kutenbrya smelled of Shanvi’s oven, families baking fresh bread, warmth and comfort. Here, there was nothing beyond the pungency of what used to be – rotten wood, an animal decaying several stories beneath her, feces – they overpowered everything. Still, Aly’s mouth salivated at the richness in the food’s color, and every bit of her wanted to forget about caution and take the risk.
The Little One knew whoever was tracking her was thinking the same thing and probably using the tree as bait. That didn’t take away her appetite, though. She was so hungry, and the food was just a hop away. She cursed herself for being weak-minded, took two steps back, and jumped over to the tree bearing fruit.
She landed on a branch that even a five-year-old wouldn’t have tried hopping onto. The wood snapped, and Aly immediately grabbed the nearest branch as she fell. The broken one crackled all the way down before it hit the ground.
Stupid. Jumping like that with an estimated twenty meters separating her from the ground could have been fatal, even for a Goolian. Basic bodily desires were making her irrational, and now her silence was broken. If they weren’t onto her before, they definitely were now.
A prickle in the back of the mastra’s neck got more intense as she looked at the nearest fruit dangling across from her. The Little One thought it was only an arm’s distance away, but growled when her fingertips were only close enough to graze the food. She shot her tongue out instead, wrapped it around the fruit, and pulled it to her lips.
She then dropped down to a lower branch and sunk her teeth into the food as she squatted. She didn’t wipe the juice from her chin or spit out the seeds. Even then, she couldn’t enjoy the sweet-and-sourness of the fruit, since she kept glancing from left to right. And just when she looked to the left for the fourth time, Aly dove off the branch.
A yellow beam struck where she had been squatting, smashing into the tree and disintegrating wood the second it struck. Aly didn’t look back, but took off at full speed, changing her altitude and direction with every leap. She heard one of the predators close in on her, aim, and punch a tree when she didn’t have a clear shot.
“No good,” she heard a voice say. “Get her!”
Aly didn’t care who was chasing her, or who the message was for. Her heart felt like it was pumping thrice as fast and her sense receptors were on full alert. The other feet chasing after her sounded like hooves galloping closer. The strong and musty smell of the moss on the trees was now overpowered by her own body odor.
Before now, Aly wondered how many others were left, but at that very instant, the only thing that mattered was making it out. Her spine tingled again, and when she shifted to the right, another yellow beam zipped by. She couldn’t tell if she was going north or northwest anymore, but that didn’t matter at the moment. She just needed to make sure she’d still be around to analyze her course later.
Aly kept switching between all fours and bipedal as she swung, flipped, and soared across the trees, not caring about the scratches her bare arms and thighs were getting as she ran into thicker terrain. 
She moved so blindly and desperately, she almost ran right into another female Goolian. Aly stopped breathing and time slowed to a halt as Catty, the one she bumped into, raised her hand and aimed at her head. Spine still tingling, Aly dove off the tree to the right.
“Fire,” she yelled as she fell into some vines. “Be damned, fire!”
Catty shot two beams and Aly didn’t move another muscle as she watched another pair of shots go the same direction. Seconds later, a shriek, and then another shriek filled the thick air. The two stared at each other, not saying a word, too fearful of the possible consequences in breaking silence.
Aly stood back up and got behind a tree. Catty charged her hand again and waited. They stood still for an entire minute until Catty held her hand up.
“Hold,” the orange-tented mastra whispered. “Two are still engaged.”
Aly switched her vision to infrared, and saw Requai and Glani’s forms perched on branches a few meters ahead, as expected. She then pulled herself out of the vines and unsheathed the two sparring sticks she was allowed to take with her. When she was about to search the remaining pair out, Catty shook her head at her. Aly, however, shrugged and went ahead.
“Pache,” Catty said through her teeth. “Get back here this instant, fool.”
Aly held up a finger, indicating she’d be right back. Glani covered her eyes and sat up on her branch.
“She goes at it again, for the second time,” she whispered to Requai. “Reckless.”
“The dummy shall be the end of us,” Requai added. “We should have known better than to bring an ill-tempered Sungstra along. They best include ‘irrational’ as being another symptom. Come; we best not linger behind for long.”

Two Young Ones had Catty’s team in their sights, thanks to infrared. From what they could tell, two Little Ones in the back were moving to the side while another one was moving straight toward them. They figured the latter one must’ve been homesick and wanted to go home for being so careless. The lone Goolian coming straight for them hopped out of cover, and one of the Young One switched her vision to normal so she could see who the idiot... 
“Uh oh.” She stepped back. “Quickly! The one that approaches directly is to be Aly!”
Before she could say anything else, Aly switched to quad form and charged. The mastra fired two rounds, and Aly zigzagged around them like dankerballs. Ten meters.
“I cannot hit her,” the Young One said with a trembling voice. “Help!”
Her partner, a master, squatted down beside her on the same branch and fired with her. Even with twice the amount of firing coming, Aly kept closing in. Five meters.
“Be damned, she be quick!” the master said. “This be unfair! How are we to––”
Aly tossed one of her sticks into the air. She leapt off a branch, tucked her arms in, and spun. The Young Ones panicked, and without thinking, shielded their faces. Aly kicked her stick mid-air and the end of it rammed into the lad’s side. He bent over, mouth gaped open, and then fell off the tree.
“Bewi!” the other Young One cried.
She fired crazily at Aly, who still moved around the shots like water. Before the Young One knew it, Aly was looking her right in the face, her pupils widening, the corner of her mouth smirking deviously. She raised the one stick over her head in both hands, and swung.
“I yield!”
Aly stopped, the entire front of her stick only a breath away from breaking the mastra’s nose. “What?”
“I-I yield. I know when I am bettered. I am outnumbered four to one and outmatched by your skill. With that, I yield.”
“Aw, be damned. Truly!” Aly sheathed her weapon and pulled what looked like a notepad out of a pouch wrapped around her waist.
The other mastra did the same, taking the time to jot down the same information. As the two wrote, Catty, Requai, and Glani approached them, Catty looking just as irritated as Aly. 
“Um, if I may, who were the other two we took out in your group, Pavuia?” Aly asked.
“Havi and Kunkai.” The Young One tossed her pad to Catty to confirm the information given was legitimate. She then pulled out a pouch of what looked like white paint, dipped her hand in it, and slapped her arm, leaving her print around it.
“Joquin was on our team as well. I suppose the coward set tail when he realized who the lot of you were. And thus we are out of the Evaluations. I shall make sure the others mark themselves.”
Catty copied the info given into her own notepad. “Ah, the others. I think I saw Bewi take a fall. Is he well?”
“Help!” a voice cried out. “I beg, I am stuck!”
The mastras looked at each other and shrugged. Catty leaned over and cupped her hands in front of her mouth.
“Perhaps we should leave him be,” she hollered. “It may very well be a trap, yes?”
“Just shut up and relieve me of this wretched pache, Catty. Now!”
The girls laughed as they followed the lad’s voice.
Aly whistled. “He seems upset.”
“Would you not be as well, if you just lost to a group of younger folk?” Catty asked. “Ah, there he be.”
Bewi was tangled in some vines and dangling above the ground. Everyone had to swat away moss and mosquitoes before reaching him. After a minute of pulling and tugging, the master was able to squirm onto a nearby branch. Catty examined his side. Aly’s weapons weren’t meant to be lethal, but they could still do some damage.
The Sungstra leaned in to examine her handiwork. “Does it hurt to breathe?”
“I shall say.” Bewi coughed. “I fear you may have broken a rib.”
“Oh. Apologies.” She turned around so she could straighten her face.
Requai and Glani saw the grin, however. Glani shook her head at the other mastra, and Requai crossed her arms and tightened her lips.
Catty pulled out some ointment and rubbed the master’s side with it. “She got you good, yes?” She slapped Bewi’s sore spot.
“Stop it. It aches.”
The six turned around and looked up when they heard movement overhead. Aly and Glani climbed up so the other two Young Ones wouldn’t have to move more than they had to. One fell right into Aly’s arms the second she got close enough, while the other hobbled over to Glani. Aly unwrapped the bandage the mastra had made around her left thigh and covered her mouth as she sat her down.
“I fear you may have put an excessive amount of being in one of your shots, Catty,” Aly hollered. “Kunkai has a burn on the thigh that seems a little severe.”
Catty hopped up to the branch and made Aly squat down so she could inspect the injury herself.
“Ooh,” she said, cringing. “Apologies, Mastra. Does it hurt badly?”
“Only when I am to move too much. Thus I doubt I shall be able to travel quickly through the trees.”
Before she could say anything else, Catty hopped back and aimed over Kunkai’s shoulder. The Young One ducked and gave the Little One a clear shot at Joquin.
“Truth’s Grace!” He leapt off the branch and ran away.
“Why, of all the spineless acts,” Bewi said as he slung his arm around Puvuia’s shoulder. “Apologies, Mastras. We shall catch him and bring him home prior to him troubling you anymore. And thus, here’s to a long trip back to the tribe, yes? You four did well in bettering us. Thus I would appreciate it if one of you in the group makes it the entire way. Truly, I would not feel so bad in losing, then.”
“We shall try, Master,” Catty said. “Come, Mastras. We best be off.”

When they got a good distance away, Catty rubbed her cheek to see if the cut she got before the last confrontation was still running. It was deep, and she didn’t have enough time to mend it properly when she heard Aly running through the trees. Her face was dirtier than Aly’s, but her clothing wasn’t as torn as Glani and Requai’s. That was what they got for wearing lighter attire.
Glani pulled out her pad and checked her numbers. “So, if we are to tally up, I have gotten four so far. What about the rest of you lot?”
“Eight,” Aly said. She paused and checked her own records. “Goodness. It seems we are now down to half!” She pounded fists with Catty before pointing a finger in the mastra’s face. “I told you that my playing as bait was to be a grand idea. Thus you owe me two coins once we return home.”
Catty swatted the finger away. “Whatever. Be that as it may, I must insist that what you did was reckless, Aly.”
Requai and Glani both slowed down on cue, placing more distance between themselves and the debate that was about to ensue. Aly’s ears were already shooting straight up, ready to protest.
“Pardon, yet I saw easy openings, and thus I took them. Surely you would have done the same.”
“Nay, I would have held back and maintained a safe distance and awaited––”
“I cannot maintain a ‘safe distance,’ as you lot do, Cattalice. For I cannot control my being. Thus is why I closed in. Truly, it was not my wish to have the rest of you expose yourselves too greatly and jeopardize your well-beings.”
“Yet you should not have jeopardized your own on our account. There be three more who fight alongside you. We could have at least offered you support by cover fire.”
“I had it under control!”
Requai broke the two up. “Have you two imbeciles lost your wits? We must already make distance due to the confrontation we had with the other group, yet you would direct the entire remaining half of people to this direction due to your bickering. And should I remind you that the remaining number of contestants is thirty and two?”
“She speaks well,” Glani said, looking around the area via infrared. “For the moment being, why not enjoy the fact that there be one less group to trouble over?”
Aly hopped down to the ground level and marched off.
Glani rubbed her forehead before dropping down as well. “Truth’s Grace. Alytchai, I beg, do not be so sensitive. Wait for me!”
Catty was so fumed with anger, she did all her breathing through her nose. Still, that didn’t stop Requai from giving her a maternal look.
“I already know what this one is to say,” Catty said as she hopped across the branches. “And I am in no mood to hear such.”
“Then suffer. You know her better than any of us, thus why are you the one to provoke her temper? Do you desire to have her go berserk and end us all? And it was you who insisted that she be on our team when she was deemed safe enough for the task! Thus, why am I, of all people, to defend her? You know she cannot help it, especially since she has no idea of her condition.”
Catty stopped and spun around. “That be a load of pache, Requai. Aly is merely a Sungstra, not some crazed idiot. The tribe expects nothing less from her, thus why should we? While you try to play nice and ‘sympathize’ with her, she needs to be treated equally and scolded for misdoings, just as the rest of us. Anything else?”
“If this one wishes to play the noble leader, why not spare the hypocrisy, show-off?”
Catty sighed, not wanting to argue anymore. She shivered when a breeze brushed through the forest.
“It gets late, thus we best set camp...if you think it best.”
Requai grinned. “Indeed, I do. I shall talk to her as well during her watch.”

* * *

Catty found Aly near the treetops, stuffing her mouth with dets, yellow fruits about the size of an acorn, while watching the single moon brighten over the mountains that evening. She sat behind her cross-legged.
“Hungry?” Aly held out a det as she turned around.
“Nay, not really. My thanks.”
“We can go without sustenance for days, yet you best have something on the stomach prior to the morrow.”
“So says the one who skipped breakfast this very morning, yes?”
“We were on a trail providing little food, and you lot were in need of what we managed to scavenge more than I. That be all.”
Aly was about to pop another det in her mouth, but jolted when Catty snapped the fruit out of her hand with her tongue, eating it for herself.
“And what manners you have.” Aly rested her head against the tree. “Thus I take it you have arrived for my apology.”
Catty sat up. “I stand by what I said, Mastra. You be my best friend, and thus I see it as an obligation to tell you what you need to hear, even if it does not appease your ears. Be that as it may, if this one is confident in her stance, then I respect––”
“By Truth’s Grace, I apologize, very good? Enough of the guilt trip from the three of you, I beg! You were in the right. Happy?”
Catty leaned back and grinned. “Very.”
“Hate you dearly.”
“I know.” The mastra blew and watched her breath float across the chilled air. “So, what crosses your mind today? This one gazes upon the moon as if she has not ever seen it before.”
“Nay, I merely wonder about the usual. Nothing more.”
“We are milos away from home in unknown territory, finally taking part in what was to be your obsession for years, and even now, this one daydreams about aliens.”
Aly just shrugged.
“Then I suppose I can, at most, enlighten you.” Catty got on her knees and rubbed her bare arms. “Surely you have not heard this one, nay? Do you know that many people think we are related to some of the aliens? Seems bizarre, does it not?”
“As most rumors be. It would be nice to verify some of them.”
“Nay, I am content in living in fact. I merely fancy gossip to pass the time. Beyond this, we are ten and four years old, Aly. I think it be time for us to think of our worth to the tribe. After all, is that not what this task is all about?”
“Hah! You speak as if we are a hundred and ten!”
“Nay, I simply imply that our concerns of yesteryears should not be those of people that shall be Young Ones in within months. That be all. Thus is why this contest is so important to me as well. It be real, not illusioned.”
Aly studied the moon, an object she knew she’d never be able to physically touch in her lifetime. But then there was the tree she rested against, its wood graying and smoothed in age. The det smelled fresh and ripe with juices. The moss that was safe to eat had dew on it every morning. She listened to the cold breeze, shivering as it rushed over her ears. As she lost herself to her senses, Aly wondered if other people on a different planet called such feelings “paradise.” Yes, she still wondered.
Aly looked at Catty and shrugged. “Maybe. Maybe not.” She then went back to studying the sky.
“You be a hopeless cause, Alytchai. In the meantime, why not focus on the task at hand? Truly, daydreaming of – what be the moving mountains the storyteller talks about called again?”
“Spaceships.”
“Ah, truly. Daydreaming of ‘spaceships’ shall offer little help during our travels in the morrow.”
“Fair enough. And thus, we forget. If the four of us are to end the other teams, then we must bout against one another, if we are to still desire a single victor. Who knows? In the end, perhaps it shall be the two of us fighting to be the last one who stands.”
The joke was too real for Catty to laugh at, and even Aly regretted making light of the possibility. With that, both mastras’ minds came back to Planet Gooliun. The aliens could wait.

* * *


Chapter 13
The mastras got up at the break of dawn, and checked to see if any would-be easy prey had left tracks for them to follow. It was getting harder to hunt people, now that the best survivalists remained. However, Catty lucked out and came across a piece of half-eaten fruit, not even two hours into the search when she broke off from the others. Then again, she already knew leaving evidence so bluntly out in the open was a given invitation, so she decided to play it safe and backtrack to her team.
She only took a step before her spine shook. Not enough time. She raised a charged hand, swatting the yellow ball of energy away. She couldn’t hold in her scream as the kick from the shot turned her own being in on her own hand.
Catty charged a sphere, more angry than hurt at someone having the audacity to sneak up on her. The shooter gave away his position easily, since he expected an easy hit. She spun around and aimed at a male Young One with yellow tents, stiff as green oak wood. His spotter, another master, pinched him in the arm so he would move. Even then, the lad’s withdrawal was slow and cautious.
“Your heightening, Masters!” Catty said as she fired.
The lads plummeted down to a branch beneath them, only to have it explode when Catty’s other beam struck it. The shooter made it to another branch, reaching out so he could grab his falling comrade. He touched the tip of his fingers before Catty fired again and sent him soaring. 

The mastras heard the shot and the yelp of the victim as they ran toward the sounds of combat.
“Perhaps we needn’t worry so dearly, yes?” Glani said. “It sounds as if she is well enough.”
Requai flipped onto another branch. “Be that as it may, if we can hear this, so shall others. Double time.”

Catty and the lad both somersaulted back onto nearby branches, placing ten meters between them altogether. The lad charged both hands while Catty switched to a defensive form.
The master shot a beam, and Catty spun around it like a dancing partner. The Young One shot with his other hand, and Catty cartwheeled to the right in a half circle, knowing the tree was as solid as a rock.
The other three came upon the duel, ready to aid their comrade.
Catty motioned them to stand down. “I have this.”
The lad uncharged one of his hands to wipe the sweat off his forehead, and Catty shot a beam into his chest the second she saw the opening, knocking him on his back. Before he could get up, Catty soared into the air, breaking twigs, and landed on top of him. She shoved a knee underneath his chin, and held his left arm down with her forearm so he couldn’t shoot her off of him. After pressing her other leg down on his right arm, Glani covered her eyes, knowing what would happen next.
Catty pushed the knee she had underneath the lad’s chin deep into his windpipe. She let up just so he could get a second hint of air before she pressed in harder. His gag made Aly and Requai cover their ears, its sound mixed with an interrupted exhale and high pitched shriek that a five-year-old couldn’t even make. His eyes bulged out of socket as he clawed Catty’s knee and tears ran down his cheeks. And then, Catty pressed harder.
With oxygen not making it to his lungs or brain, the lad’s primitive instincts cried out to him. Breathe. He needed to breathe, and there was only one way to do it. He tapped the ground until Catty finally let up.
Requai uncovered her ears. “Truth’s Grace, that was a brutal sight. I did not know she could manage close-quarter so well.”
“And neither did I,” Aly said, still eyeing Catty.
After they updated their notepads, Requai and Glani went on-guard so Aly could clean Catty’s wound. The masters they just dismantled were pretty thorough, considering the two of them alone managed to take out six people. Now, according to what they knew, only twenty-four remained. 
“I am relieved the two of you were able to silence your quarrel,” Glani said as she watched Aly wrap Catty’s bad hand. “Truly, the last thing one needs in a group is inner turmoil, yes?”
Requai looked over her shoulder. “Glani, has anyone ever informed you that you make settings uncomfortable?”
“Nay. Why?”
“Truly, you make settings uncomfortable. By Truth’s Grace, be still.”
“No worries, Requai.” Aly ripped the bottom part of Catty’s top and wrapped it around the mastra’s arm, since they wanted to reserve the remaining bandages as long as possible. “I suppose I did take a more aggressive approach the prior day to prove my worth. It be difficult to watch others do what I cannot at times, yet there be no excuse. I can admit my fault.”
Catty rubbed her face, wiping the agitation off it. She knew if she could just explain why Aly couldn’t control her being, maybe the self-loathing would go away a little. All the secrecy over the past six years made her sick, both physically and mentally. Still, such was the way of things on Gooliun, which was why, even then, Aly had no idea she was a Sungstra, nor what a Sungstra even was.
Aly stopped when the mastra groaned. “Are you well, Catty? You seem troubled.”
“Fret not. The wound merely stings, that be all. I am fortunate the burns are not as severe. I would hate having to lose an arm.”
“Truly,” Requai said. “Perhaps you would give us a fair advantage, then, yes?”
“Not funny, at all.”
Aly finished the bandage, got up, and froze when her alarm mechanism jolted her. “Wait. Mastras, did you not just sense that?”
The others felt a tingle in the back of their neck as well, and moved in to cover. As being markings on their faces protruded, they scanned the forest through infrared, checking their positions and designated corners. And as they marked their surroundings, each one of them knew whatever triggered their alert sensations was beyond the usual. Yes, something vile was out there, and Glani was the one that came across it first, when her eyes detected something charging straight for her.
Catty, now watching the figure rush the mastra, hopped into a tree. “Truth’s Grace, what is that? Evade, Glani!”
Glani didn’t blink. Her muscles tightened. Her lungs pressed into her chest, and her brain went numb, unable to settle its current fight-or-flight conflict.
The creature in front of Glani wasn’t large by comparison to the mastras, only being a meter tall at the shoulders and one and a half times as long. However, its head was massive – twice the size of a Goolian’s. The body was compact and scuttled across the ground with the aid of six insect-like legs. It was furless and its dark green skin blended within the terrain perfectly. Requai ran after Glani when it opened its wide, ant-like jaws.
“Glani!” Aly cried.
Catty shot two beams right into the creature’s snout – solid hits.
The creature flinched and stopped. Requai tackled Glani away from it and made her scramble to her feet without missing a beat. The wild animal hissed and jerked its head at the two mastras, even though it didn’t have eyes. Its large antennae twitched, picking up the mastra’s racing heartbeats. Like the Goolians, the creature was virtually perfect for its environment. 
Catty fired again. “Do not just stand there. Kill the damned thing!”
Glani got her body’s controls again and did as told along with Requai. The three fired relentlessly, but the creature’s skin was thick and hard as stone. Before they knew it, the beast leapt right in front of Requai and Glani. Both girls shrieked before the creature knocked Requai away with its head, leaving what it already knew was the weakest link. Its jaws snapped around Glani’s left thigh before she had enough time to run away. It squeezed her leg like shears snapping a twig.
Glani’s holler was beyond crazed. Catty froze as she watched the creature try to bite off more than it could even chew, its appetite showing by the saliva splotching across the tree limbs. Still, it was strong enough to pull and jerk Glani’s body around, positioning her so it was right on top of her. The creature crushed her thigh even harder.
Glani stopped screaming and fainted from the shock. It took every bit of Catty’s mind to keep calm. She inhaled and aimed. Unlike the shots she usually made in sparring, the next beam she fired flew insanely fast, bright, and shrieked loudly, indicating its lethal intent.
The creature’s cry would’ve made the hairs on the Goolian’s skin rise if she had any. When Catty’s beam struck, the animal’s left mandible blew off where the hard substance met pure muscle. It then spat out the still quiet Glani, realizing it wouldn’t be able to enjoy its food unless it fended off the stronger opponent first.
Catty looked over to Requai. Knocked out. She then searched for Aly, who was sharpening the tips to one of her sparring sticks with a rock. That only left her to deal with the odd animal. She shot the creature in the mouth when it ran in to take a chomp out of her.
The beast paused momentarily and charged again with the remainder of its mouth closed. Catty somersaulted up to a tree and ran, already figuring the creature was made to kill anywhere it needed to.
“Hey!” Aly went after the two. “We best stay together, fool!”
“Then, I beg, give me a hand prior to its taking my head!” Catty yipped when she heard the animal take a chomp at her. “Ideas? For I truly struggle to think as I run on my toes!”
Aly swore when the two switched their course. “Then this one has not been put under enough pressure.”
“Just hold your tongue and make yourself of use!”

Aly climbed up an extra level to get a better view. From what she could tell, Catty was now making the creature go in circles, up and down. She’d never seen the creature before in her life, but she couldn’t imagine it not knowing what irritation was until then.
“Try and keep the same pattern, very good?”
“Less talk and more action would be preferred greatly, Aly, my thanks!”
She found the rhythm, her eyes locked on. She was the predator now, the strange beast the prey. Aly dropped off the edge of the branch she stood on. She shut her eyes so the twigs wouldn’t cut them as much as her face. Closing in on the unexpected target was a rush as Aly heard its hisses and Catty’s shrieks near.
And when the moment came, she flipped over, tightened her legs, straightened her body like an arrow, and slammed her heels into the creature’s back when it passed underneath her. Her momentum made the branch break, and both bodies plummeted. Still, Aly tumble-rolled off the beast like a ball when it crashed into the ground.
She got up, dusted herself off, and walked right up to the dead creature. She twirled her sharpened stick over the body, and thrust it in the center. Kill confirmed.
Catty landed in front of her, sweating and panting. She bent over and placed her hands on her knees. “Whew! Better.”
Aly grinned. “Why, this one made this all seem so difficult. Truly, it was easy enough for me.”
“Hate you dearly.”

* * *

“More pressure,” Catty told Aly as she wrapped Glani’s leg.
Aly hugged the thigh as hard as she could, turning her head so she wouldn’t have to look at the wound while blocking Glani’s view. The mastra still tried to look, regardless.
“Truly, how grave is it?”
Aly forced a smile and rubbed Glani’s leg. “It is not severe.”
“Were we not told to say such things for the sake of keeping people at ease?”
Aly didn’t say anything else, but looked back at the mending process.
“There.” Catty moved away from the leg, finishing the wrap. “Requai?”
Requai took an extra look, examining the quality of the job. “It appears well enough. Even so, we best keep it clean and avoid excessive moisture.”
Aly noticed Glani staring at her arms and top. She faked another smile, and acted like wiping blue into her loincloth wasn’t that big of a deal.
“Truly, you have a great amount of blood on you,” Glani said. “I beg, do not lie. Shall I be well?”
Aly looked at Catty, not wanting to answer.
“Truth be told, I am not sure.” Catty checked how much more daytime they had. “Other predators may smell your wound from milos away. Thus, the remaining combatants against us may very well be the least of our worries, I fear.”
Glani rubbed her leg and tried getting up. She gritted her teeth.
“Putting weight on it hurts, yet I shall not let my mess-up jeopardize everyone else’s safety.” Requai offered her a hand, but Glani shook her head as she hobbled around. “Apologies. Why did I not move when I saw that creature? You lot have my thanks, all the same.”
“We best spare our gratitude for later,” Catty said. “Our plan for going on the offensive is no longer valid. Thoughts?”
Aly turned and pointed out some potential lookout positions. “I propose we stick to the mid-levels and remain here. Let us set a base of operations and wait the ordeal out, yes?”
“Surely, you are not serious, nay?” Requai said.
Aly backed up a little. “Um, I am. Truly, it be as Catty said. Our circumstances have changed. This be not an assessment only based on hit counts. Survival antics are vital as well, yes?”
Catty rubbed her chin. “Agreed. We have taken a healthy number out of the ratio, thus we best rely on maintenance for the moment being. I believe Teacher and Master Slew would appro––”
“Teacher and Master Slew are milos away, Mastras!” Requai shouted. She pointed at the wounded mastra’s leg. “Are you blind? A monster nearly ate Glani!”
Glani raised a hand. “That be a little harsh, yes? As ferocious as it was, it could not even fit my entire leg in its––”
“Enough of this. Why, look at us.” Requai held out her palm and counted. “We be tired, we reek, we hunger, and we see no end to this. There shall be other assessments in the future, yes? Why should we not take out as many as possible and be rid of these worries? Truly, we have done enough to earn good credit on our records.”
Catty shook her head. “This is to be more than a mere scoring session.” She stumbled back when Requai got in her face.
“And who was to put you in charge, Little Mistress?”
Aly shook her head. Time after time, Catty let that mastra walk over her; over them. And she was such a better leader than Requai; a natural!
She hated it. These were the Evaluations, and some things were still the same, even milos away from civilization. Someone needed to put an end to this nonsense... Aly went as stiff as green oak wood when it hit her. She took a step forward, and froze. No, it couldn’t be her. How silly. Even she knew she wasn’t brave enough.
“Oh, be damned with it. I… Enough, Requai.”
The other three mastras eased their faces to Aly, who quickly covered her mouth.
Requai closed her eyes and tried not to laugh. “What did this one just say?”
Aly’s eyes darted from side to side. “I...I said we are not departing. Catty has provided the soundest plans thus far, and has yet to lead us astray.”
Requai’s jaw dropped. “Who does this one think she be?”
“One who has enough sense to realize Catty has earned our trust.” Aly raised a brow, baffled by her own words, and smiled.
Glani’s eyes widened. “Woah.”
Aly then got between Catty and Requai, and to her satisfaction, the maroon-tented mastra stammered back. “Now, I shall only say this once. Blow off.”
No one made a peep. Aly knew if it were yesterday or tomorrow, she might have held her peace. But today was just that – today.
She didn’t know that one of her Sungstra reactions made her pupils dilate, so she was impressed by how fast Requai followed her instructions. The other mastra backed away from Catty and walked off, not saying a word.
Glani hobbled after her. “I know that one’s pride has probably been put into shock, thus I shall make sure she does not trail too far off.” She paused and smirked at Aly before leaving.
Aly exhaled. She had held her breath, not knowing how Requai would react to her words. Catty then playfully punched her in the arm.
“My, so this one does have a spine when need be, after all, yes?”
“Apologies. I was too blunt, yes?”
“Who is to care?”
Aly watched Requai and Glani trail off, and felt guilty a little longer before shrugging the notion away.
“Fair enough.” She cleaned her hands again with her loincloth. “Beyond this, I never really liked her that much, anyways.”
Catty wrapped her arms around her, and squeezed. “For what it is worth, my thanks, Mastra. And truly, I am proud of you.”
“It be no big deal.” Aly shrugged and winked. “Beyond this, I feel I owed you a return to numerous favors.”

* * *


Chapter 14
Shanvi came around the counter when the front door creaked open. “Ah, such a fortunate surprise, Quongun. I beg, sit.”
The other master nodded and took his favorite seat. “It seems the crowds have not been as grand as usual for the past month and then some, Teacher. I suppose the local celebrity’s absence is to blame for this, yes?”
Shanvi chuckled as he placed a bowl of water and some leaves with bread on the counter. “Perhaps so. I fear Aly’s singing may have spoiled many of the customers. They miss her, indeed.”
He looked out the window and frowned. Some parents outside were embracing a child who just returned from the Evaluations.
“Yet not nearly as much as I,” he added. Shanvi took the seat adjacent to Quongun. He fiddled his thumbs before tapping the countertop.
“Truly, I share your burden,” Quongun said. “I try more than usual to keep my mind preoccupied with the numbers the tribe has made in the fields. Hah! Cattalice and I even count over them ten times now, just so my mind does not lose itself in worrying. Ah, and I must say, the store seems extra clean than it usually be.”
“So, this one has noticed. I sweep and wipe the floor for hours. I wash the pots and pans in the back until my fingers cramp. I spend my evenings at the temple until the suns set, and yet, I still despair.” The master rubbed his mouth as he eyed the empty bedroom behind the kitchen. “I just want her home, Quongun.”
“And they shall be, in due time, Master.” Quongun held his drink out to Shanvi before finishing it off. He then spun around on the stool and leaned back against the counter, taking the time to admire how well-kept the wood in the hut was. “I was told two more groups arrived this afternoon.”
“Oh? And how did they fare?”
“Well enough, I suppose. Shuai had a broken clavicle and Cunvice apparently impaled her arm due to a fall.”
“Truth’s Grace. When I was to take my part in the assessment, such reports did not sound as dire. Yet I suppose the ears of a father are more sensitive.”
“I suppose.”
Shanvi turned around and stroked his tentacle beard. Quongun rubbed his chin as well, feeling the skin puffing to what were the beginnings of new tents.
“You never told me,” Shanvi said. “Is this one concerned about his Little One fighting alongside a Sungstra, all alone in the deepest parts of the forest?”
“She be not alone. Requai and Glani are with her as well.”
“You know what I mean, lad.”
Quongun grabbed the bowl of food off the counter and offered some to Shanvi. The older master shook his head and waited patiently for the honest answer. He’d have to wait, since Quongun ate two leaves and took his time chewing and swallowing. When he finished, Shanvi was still looking at him.
“Would you not worry if Catty were the Sungstra and Aly was not, Master?” Quongun said. “Truly, for the most part, her issue has been well-monitored and in check due to our keeping of a watchful eye. Yet they be both out of our reach now. Surely you cannot judge me for having such thoughts, nay?”
Shanvi patted him on the back. “Apologies. It was not my intent to find a reason to misplace your logic. Nay, I think quite the opposite. I find comfort in knowing Aly is perhaps climbing a tree right beside Catty as we speak. Your Little One be the only true friend my child has. If, Truth’s Grace forbid, any issue was to happen, I feel if I was to want anyone to be with Aly, it would be her. For that, you have my thanks for raising such a noble mastra. She shall be a fine field lord when she is to come of age.”
Quongun smiled before he placed the bowl back behind him. “Nay, Elder Cattalice and I can only take so much credit, yes? We can only express our values to her, yet she has decided to make them her own. And why praise me when Aly be such a proper soul herself?”
“Look at the two of us. Bragging over our children. The years are growing on us.”
“What nonsense. You may speak for yourself in that regards, Teacher. For I have yet to hit my eighties, while you turned a hundred and ten the prior year!”
The two laughed, and Shanvi got off the stool so he could get Quongun another drink.

* * *

Three weeks later, Requai was lunging in with a charged fist at one of four Young Ones the team had just confronted. She shifted to the side, jabbing the female Young One in the ribs before firing a beam into her back.
Even Aly made a face after the brutal blow when she looked overhead to check on her comrade. Still, she was too preoccupied to give a hand. She did a back walkover, avoiding a beam from another Young One, placing five meters between them.
Catty shot a wave of energy into her opponent’s chest. The hit made the other mastra lose her balance and Catty ran in to take her down. The other Goolian, however, used her target’s own momentum as she fell onto her back and flipped Catty over with her legs. 
The lively mastra landed hard on her left thigh. When she got up, she shuffled back and squinted an eye, fighting off the pain. 
“Aly, a momentary hand!” Glani hollered as she provided cover fire. “Two levels above.”
When Aly looked up, Catty was ducking underneath a beam. When it struck the trunk, the shot blew off the first two layers of the tree’s wood, sending burning specks into the air. Aly got two steps up the bark before leaping for the branch underneath Catty. 
With her own opponent chasing her, she managed to grab Catty’s adversary by the ankle and tug. She tumbled off the tree before she could see how effective her trick was, but heard the other mastra swear as she fell forward, straight into Catty’s heel. When she fell out of the tree, Glani was on top of the downed Goolian before she could even blink.
“Bang,” she said, playfully aiming a finger at the mastra’s head.
Aly still had her opponent pursuing her, now firing more aggressively. She got a good running speed before jumping back up to Catty’s branch, knowing the master chasing her was too blind with anger to see the trap. 
“Hello!” Catty sang when the lad hopped in front of her. With hand already charged, she struck him in the chest, knocking him into the base of the tree.
“Nice,” Aly said before running off.
She watched Requai use a limber branch like a trampoline, bouncing off it twice before it launched her across the ground and onto another tree. Another Young One hopped right after her. Aly nodded approvingly when Requai hopped back and shot the part of the branch she landed on with a being sphere. The Young One screamed as she fell alongside the dismembered wood. Aly closed her eyes and waited until the ground shook with a thud.
Requai leaned over to examine the outcome of her strategy firsthand. “Secured.”
“As are we,” Catty hollered across from her.
The Young Ones grumbled as they pulled out their pads from below, documenting their defeat.
The second mastra that Requai fought hissed. “Dirty cheating is what I call your methods. That goes for the entire lot of you.”
Catty hopped down to their level. “Whoever said this was to be a formal confrontation? Truly, does this one think other tribes would play fair if they attacked us? If one does not fight with even a hint of malicious intent, then one does not want to survive hard enough.”
The Young One still shoved her pad into Catty’s chest when the smaller Goolian extended her hand for it.
When Catty finished updating the numbers, Aly snatched it away, humming as she jotted down the notes for herself. Things couldn’t have gone any better over the past few weeks. People kept coming and dropping, one by one. She then counted how many were left since the last roster update, and stopped singing when she finished. She counted again to make sure she was right, and the numbers slapped the smile off her face.
“Enjoy your silly game,” another Young One said. “And you best realize your luck since we did not fire lethal shots, Little Brats.”
Requai yawned. “Uh huh. Had that been the case, you lot surely would have met your ends prior to you even blinking. Now, away with you, silly things. For we have people of greater significance to deal with.”
The master was about to storm up to Requai and pound her face into a tree, but the mastras in his team held him back.
“We can show some decency, all the same, Requai,” Catty said as she extended a hand to the Young Ones. “Our thanks for a skilled fight.”
The older Goolians looked at one another, bewildered. Requai and Glani held their peace as they awaited the response. Aly, on the other hand, checked her numbers for the fifth time, not making a peep.
The lad shook Catty’s hand. “Perhaps this one’s nobility is not a mere title.”
The three mastras bowed, and Catty nodded in gratitude before the four left.
Glani looked over Aly’s shoulder. “Alytchai, why does this one have a quiet lip? Truly, you are to be a shy one, yet you ended your typical victory hum.”
Aly lifted her notes closer to Glani so she could get a better look. She wasn’t surprised when the mastra stopped smiling as well. Requai snatched the paper away from her, but Aly didn’t even fuss over it.
Requai checked the numbers, and then she checked again. “Oh pache.”
Catty growled and rolled her eyes. “By Truth’s Grace, what troubles you fools?”
Aly pointed at Catty’s paper as she eyed Glani, who stood on her left, and then Requai, positioned on her right. When Catty finished going over the numbers, she folded the pad, placed it back into her pouch, cleared her throat, and turned around.
“Pardon,” she hollered at the four departing Young Ones. “If I may, I am to confirm you took three out the prior day, yes?”
“Truly, we did. Yet fret not over them. They have marked themselves in white as accordingly so. Do you lot not have bigger concerns?”
Catty rubbed her hands. “Indeed we do.”
The Little Ones didn’t say another word, and watched the other Goolians head back home. Even then, they didn’t move for another minute.
Aly peered down at the tiny notepad made out of leaves another time. It was too good to be true, and too horrid. She looked up and locked eyes with Catty. And as she looked into her fiery yellow irises, her spine tingled.
“We be the only ones left, yes?” Catty said, almost whispering. “And I suppose we shall not return as a victorious team, Aly?”
Aly shook her head. “Apologies, yet I can’t...”
She soared back, unsheathing her weapons. Glani and Requai were too surprised to do anything. They looked at each other, and immediately fired at the other’s head. The blasts of two evenly charged particles made the fusion explode, sending all four flying into the air.
Aly scrambled to her feet and got into cover the second her rear hit the ground. She heard the other ones running away into the trees, but didn’t go after them, since she knew it’d be better to live today and fight tomorrow. As her heartbeat settled, she slid down against a tree. She covered her mouth, but couldn’t hold her laughter and crying from coming out.

Catty stopped running when she covered half a milo-worth of ground. She fell into the ground face first, exhausted. She then rolled over and peered into an opening the leaves provided. Moments later, she heard the happiest sound in her life. A Goolian was singing, so content with the way the world was. Catty couldn’t deny her wanting to fall into the hypnosis, and gave in. Her body went numb as she listened to Aly’s song, all the while hearing the whisper of logic telling her she’d make Aly sing a different tune tomorrow, if it was the last thing she ever did.

* * *


Chapter 15
The afternoon was dry but comfortably warm as Catty walked across the forest. It sounded more alive than usual with the different bugs buzzing nearby. She looked at the cleaned bandage wrapped around her hand, wondering if it was past time to get rid of it. Truth be told, her burn had healed a while ago, but she liked the fashionable look.
Her thoughts were cancelled when she heard Aly sigh right over her. She spun around and aimed, but Aly simply sat on branch, cross-legged.
“You interrupted my prayer and meditation,” the Sungstra said. “Could you not creep along more quietly?”
Catty chuckled and placed her hands on her hips. “Perhaps you should have taken your chance to strike while I was off guard. You are a silly one, Mastra. I fear it may cost you.”
“Nay. I told myself if I came across you, I would give you the decency of confronting you directly. I suppose I have become too sentimental for my own good.”
“I fear I suffer from the same notion, then. Truly, when Requai and Glani’s blast cleared, I had a clear shot at you. Yet I figured you, at the very least, deserved better, as well. Such travesties we be.”
The two laughed. Aly hopped down from her tree, bowed, and Catty did the same. 
“Tell me,” Aly said. “Do you not know what this all means?”
“It means you shall silence yourself once I am to place your face into the gravel. Such is all I need.”
“As I thought. I cannot let you take this from me.”
“Then you shall have to try very hard in order to do so, Aly.”
The two froze when a twig above them snapped. “She be not your only concern, Catty.” Requai landed on Aly’s left and Catty’s right.
Aly wiped her nose. “Be damned, and I was to hope you and Glani would cancel each other out.”
Requai covered her mouth, acting offended. “This one has gained a sharper tongue over the years, Alytchai. Someone best put you in your place, for I do not fancy being taken lightly.”
“Neither do I.” Glani walked over to the group.
The mastras just looked at one another until Catty clapped her hands. “Ah, how poetic, yes? The final four are to have a standoff then.”
“Not for long,” Aly said as she unsheathed her sticks, twirling them between her fingers.
Requai sighed. “Whatever. I shall not lie. I never fancied the worth of being the final one standing. Yet, it would be nice to snatch the prize away from the likes of you overachievers.”
Catty got into a fighting form. “Then let me see what you lot be made of. On the count of three?”
“On the count of three,” the others agreed.
“Three!”
Aly saw every eye lock onto her in less than a second. Still, it felt like she had to wait forever as the three mastra’s markings glowed across their faces and aimed their hands at her head.
She heard the shots crackle when they erupted, ducking under the first, spinning around the second, and flipping over the last.
Glani be the nearest – try to finish – delay Catty – attempt to finish Requai. Her muscle memory’s plan zapped through her body before she could blink, and before Glani could prepare for a counter.
When Aly landed, she swept-kicked the mastra and front-kicked her into a tree before she could even hit the ground. She then rolled over to Catty and swung her left stick for her knee. And when Catty grabbed the weapon and ruined her entire forethought, everything in that instant went back to typical speed.
The other three knew the truth, even if she didn’t. Aly was the real threat, but that didn’t keep Catty or Requai from throwing punches, shots, or kicks at each other. 
Glani got up slowly but hopped back into the fight, sooner than the others hoped or expected. The Goolians’ moves were synchronized with the one on the left, right, or front of them. No matter what they did, the attacks wouldn’t let up. When somebody landed a hit, another mastra saw the opening and countered on the other’s behalf, just so they’d have the right of getting credit for the “kill” instead. If one blocked, someone else threw a leg to get the hit in first.
Aly struck Requai in the jaw by swinging her right stick, while trying to roundhouse Catty. Catty swatted away the roundhouse, while she shot a quick beam at Glani’s chest. Glani twirled around the beam and fired at Requai, who she hoped was still recovering from Aly’s blow. Requai leaned to the left of Glani’s beam and fired her own beam at Aly. The strikes and counters looked relentless. It was pure art.
And even when somebody moved to the left, the other three seemed obligated to follow the path by their own movements. Aly shifted to the right and Catty went left. Requai hopped forward and Glani backflipped.
The only opportunity for a change came when Catty hopped right into the “kill zone” raised her arms to the sides. Glani and Requai were ready to counter, but they didn’t expect her to cross her arms and fire at their ankles. When both somersaulted back onto trees, Catty lunged at Aly, charged hand ready to strike. Aly jumped, wrapped her legs around the opponent’s extended arm and pulled it in. She struck Catty on the top of the head with an overhead swing, making her drop instantly.
That didn’t keep Catty from firing a warning shot, however, and Aly rolled back to get some distance. She took cover behind a tree, knowing the fight was now conditioned to the other three’s favor. Chunks of wood chipped away with every shot the other three fired before she swung off to another trunk.
Requai leaned off a branch and caught herself by wrapping her legs around it. Hanging upside down, she fired three shots, all of them missing the mastra flying up another tree by the aid of branches.
Catty, however, leapt and rammed her knees into Requai’s stomach, without warning. She then shoved her body off by planting her feet into the mastra’s chin as they both fell. Catty landed gracefully, while the other mastra slammed into the ground along with the debris from the tree. She strolled over to the mastra with one hand on her hip and another one aimed at her head.
“Oh, whatever it be,” Requai said, still lying on her back. She then pulled out her white ink and confirmed her defeat by slapping her arm. “Enough of this. I yield. Satisfied?”
Catty shrugged and hopped right back into the trees. She only made it to the second level when Glani crashed to the ground, hard; she was out cold.
Requai scrambled to her feet, ran over to the mastra, and knelt beside her. She slapped her in the cheek until she squirmed.
Aly hopped down and picked up the sparring stick she apparently struck Glani with. Catty also noticed the bloodied knuckles on the mastra’s left hand before wrapping them with a final roll of bandages.
“Is she well?” Aly asked.
Glani slapped Requai’s hand away, sitting up and rubbing the side of her head. “Truly, I believe that be quite enough for me.”
“Fine enough.” Requai patted Glani’s shoulder with the leftover ink on her arm. “Then I suppose it comes down to the two of you, yes?”
Aly didn’t move a muscle as Catty got down from the tree and walked up to her. She stepped back when she thought the mastra was getting too close, and swore for showing such vulnerability.
“Finally afraid, after all of your big talk,” Catty said as Aly eyed the ground. “You best be.”
Aly didn’t say anything, forcing her bright gray eyes up. She showed her respect to her opponent again, and Catty did the same.
“I make a proposal, Aly. Since there be two witnesses, why not make this a formal duel? If knocked down, we merely have ten seconds to arise.”
“Fair enough. What say you lot?”
“I can give the count, if need be,” Glani said, still rubbing her head.
Requai grinned. “Indeed, this sounds enticing enough.”
Aly took a step back. “Then, feel free to charge, Catty.”
The other mastra crossed her arms across her chest before shooting them out to her sides. The blast of being emitting from her fists kicked twigs away as the yellow glow reflected in Aly’s eyes. Catty then dug her left heel back into the gravel as Aly placed her right leg back. She held her weapons in a reverse form as she hunkered down on her front leg, leaning forward slightly in preparation for a counter.
Aly’s hands trembled and clasped her weapons for dear life. No time for fear. Truly, I can do this. The thumping of her heartbeat sped up. She wetted her dry lips by rolling her tongue over them once. She relaxed her back leg, and held her breath. And then, Catty swung.

* * *

Before she could even register it, she heard and felt the strike slam into her head. Everything went black and she just knew it was already over. The side of her face felt the chill of the ground, and she thought she heard what sounded like yelling on the tips of her ears. Her temple’s throbbing felt like a wall crushing into her brain. She never imagined anyone being able to hit so hard.
The mastra opened her eyes once and the entire world spun violently. She closed them quickly...but Catty still saw Aly backing away.
“Get up, Catty!” Requai shouted. “Do not dare end this on such an anticlimactic note!” 
The yelling made her head ache even more as she forced herself onto her hands and knees. She slumped onto her left elbow when she thought her brain was going to burst out of her cranium. The ringing in her ears subsided, so she heard Glani yell, “Four.”
Catty hissed as she forced herself up. She was back on her feet when Glani hollered “Six,” and slapped herself in the face. After hopping up and down some on the count of eight, she got back into her stance. Glani stopped counting and Requai ran in to examine.
“You are slightly concussed.”
“So?” Catty popped her neck. “What be a mere headache?”
Requai nodded and ran out of the “ring.” Catty blinked twice and her pupils went back to normal size. She heard Glani give the go ahead to carry on, and knew she made a mistake when Aly charged after her at full speed. She fired warning shots to keep her at bay, and one of the beams almost took Aly out.
Catty was able to process everything more clearly now, thanks to the countdown, but she knew she needed to do something drastic to cool her opponent’s confidence.

Aly wondered if the blow to Catty’s head did more brain damage than imagined after her opponent ran to her. She tossed one of her sticks up and bicycle-kicked it right for the mastra’s head. Catty slid underneath the projectile on her knees and pushed herself off the ground with two being shots launching her forward. Her knees smacked Aly in the chest and flipped her over twice before she fell flat on her face. 
Before Catty could drop an elbow on her, Aly spun around on her back and knocked the other mastra off her feet, spinning on the ground with her legs extended. With momentum still pushing her, Aly slapped Catty in the face with a heel before she rolled out of the spinning circle of doom. She then hopped up and threw a powerful roundhouse from the left. Her eyes went wide when Catty caught her leg.
Catty smirked at the startled Aly before using her own weight to toss her over the shoulders. Aly kept her footing, however, and swatted at Catty with the remaining stick she had in hand. Catty caught the weapon in her palm before it could strike and tugged.
Aly heard Requai and Glani gasp as they watched. She on the other hand, glared at her stolen weapon and hissed. Obviously not knowing what else to do with it, Catty flung the stick at her as hard as she could. Aly caught the weapon, and throw it back just as hard. It made a pop when it struck Catty’s forehead, causing her to stagger back a little before taking a knee.
Glani had covered her face behind her hands, but took a peep between her fingers. “Truth’s Grace, this be brutal.”
“Indeed.” Requai squirmed around like a Little One starting children’s garden. “And is it not grand? Who would think Catty would have such audacity as to attempt close-quarters with Aly, and actually manage?”
Aly glanced at the other mastras to see if she could pursue Catty; she was still taking a knee. The Sungstra smiled when the mastras shooed her on, and picked up both weapons before strolling up to her opponent, ready to demand her surrender.
Catty fired a single shot at her, without even aiming. It was a waste, being too obvious and moving too slow. Aly tilted her head to the right so the tiny beam could float by. Even then, however, Catty didn’t let her arm down.
“Odd,” Glani said. “What does that one hope to do with her hand extended out as such?”
As the two watched from the sideline, the tiny beam slowed down until it came to a complete halt, hovering in the air. With Aly still oblivious to the threat, her opponent chambered her arm back, summoning the ball of energy to return. Alarms shot all over Aly’s body, but the beam struck her in the back before she could move, shoving her forward. She fell into Catty’s charged uppercut, right underneath the chin.
The sideliners went crazy with excitement as Aly elevated off the ground and crashed onto her back. Catty hopped back and flapped the sting out of her hand.
“Ow ow ow ow ow!”
Requai was squealing and shaking Glani by the shoulders as she hopped up and down. “Not possible! Truly, we be too young to do such things. Even most Young Ones have yet to – by Truth’s Grace, Glani. Count, fool!” 
“Huh? Oh, right. Count. Uh, one...”
“Aly, I shall end you if you do not arise!”
Aly sat up slowly, still shaken from the blow.
Glani stopped counting and grabbed Requai’s cheeks, turning her face toward the fighting Goolians. “You are crazed! Surely you saw what Catty just did, yes?”
“Precisely. Mainly Mature Aged Goolians can perform such an act.”
“Thus the two of them could kill us both with ease! Why make foolish threats?”
“That be beside the point.” Requai swatted Glani’s hands away and whistled. “Truly, this be grander than the time the two brawled throughout the entire village when we were little. Surely, it cannot end now. Come, Aly! Arise! You be at seven, by the way, Glani.”
Aly wiggled her jaw and sat up. She spat out some blood before crawling to her feet. Glani stopped at nine before Requai went in to see how she was.
“Nay, I am well,” she said before the mastra reached her.
“Truly, you two be a stubborn pair.” Requai trotted back to the side.
Aly sniffed and spat again after she picked up her weapons.
Catty charged her hands again. “Shall this one like some more?”
“I do not see the harm. You hit like a boy.”
Catty fired two rounds at her, but Aly avoided them by somersaulting into a tree. Her opponent gave chase, hopping up the branches like a gymnast. Catty was on top of her in a matter of seconds, swinging and tossing a barrage of beams. The more she fired, however, the more frustrated she appeared to get.
Aly took off on all fours, moving like she was born and raised in the region her entire life. Twigs and branches exploded behind her with each missing shot. Catty couldn’t control her aim as well while moving, so she halted and fired from afar. Aly noticed her opponent’s position, and spun around. She grinned at the furious Catty, and ran to the left. Catty aimed ahead, just as she was supposed to, but Aly’s reaction time was still too fast.
She caught Catty off guard when she skidded across a branch and came straight for her. She heard Catty swear as she kept firing and missing. Ten meters turned into two by what felt like the blink of an eye. Before her opponent could do anything about it, Aly lowered her shoulder, and rammed Catty into the back of the tree. Stunned, Catty couldn’t block the nine jabs thrown into her stomach in two seconds.
Aly held the mastra up and leaned her back against the trunk when she slumped into her chest. She then pulled her hand back and swung for Catty’s nose. The other mastra, however, ducked, leaving Aly’s fist exploding the front part of the tree. She didn’t pay any mind to the splinters embedded in her knuckles as she kneed Catty in the face and tossed her off the branch. She didn’t expect Catty to grab her ankle, and bring her down with her either.
Requai and Glani got stiff as green oak wood as the two wrestled and plummeted to the ground. The fall was too high, and the descent was faster with the extra person latched on.
“I beg,” Glani whispered. “Recover. I beg.”
With less than three stories of height separating them from the earth, Catty rolled Aly’s back over so she wouldn’t face the ground. She stretched out her hands as Aly wrapped her legs around her waist. Catty fired the largest beam she ever made, the blast knocking the two right back into the air for another four meters before they both crashed across from each other. Debris puffed into the air, and everything got quiet.
Neither Aly nor Catty moved, their bodies stretched across the soil. Glani and Requai both ran in, one checking on Aly while the other examined Catty.
Aly opened her eyes, the little sunlight protruding through the leaves blinding her as she turned her head. She took her time moving every limb to see if any were broken. Thanks to her counterpart’s quick thinking, all bones and cartilage in her ligaments were intact. However, it was only when Aly tried getting up that her side felt like it was on fire. She groaned and buried her face into the dirt.
“I fear this one may have some broken ribs,” Glani said.
Aly took light breaths, as each inhale ached. She looked across from her to see her opponent’s condition. Catty had a cut on the side of her face from falling through the branches. She looked down at her right arm and saw the distorted lump in it, indicating her broken ulna was trying to poke through the skin. The sight must have made her pain receptors kick in; she bit her teeth over her fist, probably so she wouldn’t scream too loudly.
“Be eased,” Requai said. “I am not sure if this one should even move the arm.”
Aly smiled when the other mastra stared back at her and got up on her own free will.
Requai backed away. “Perhaps this has gone too far. I propose we call this a fair draw, yes?”
Before Requai could say more, Aly got back on her feet as well. She bent over when she felt like she was getting stabbed in the side again, but still, she stood. Catty walked over to her. 
Requai flung her hands up in defeat. “Never the mind.”
Glani didn’t say a word as she and Requai watched the two get back in position. Aly limped on one leg as she grabbed one of her weapons off the ground. Catty charged her one good hand and raised it perfectly at her opponent’s head. 
Aly knew the final moves from the two of them would determine the rest of her life. She wasn’t expecting her fate to hang in the balance like this, and that terrified look she gave Catty before the fight etched back onto her face.
In the same manner, Catty was coming to her own set of conclusions. This wasn’t going to only set her combat status, but would also take away the underrated notion that she still got from some of her peers like Requai. She wouldn’t just be the field lord’s daughter anymore. No, she was going to be Cattalice the Younger, worthy combatant and proud bearer of the Cattalice name. 
The two moved like old people toward one another, step by step, meter by meter. Glani didn’t know if she could look at the tragedy the two put themselves in any longer. Either way, there Aly and Catty stood. Determined adversaries. Worthy rivals in the tribe.
Blood coming from Aly’s mouth ran down her chin like drool. Catty’s nose ran and she wiped the blue away, leaving a mark over her lip from her dirty palm.
Aly put her weapon down, got into a defensive stance, and extended her hand. “After you?”
“Perhaps.” Catty uncharged her hand, got into a similar stance, and held out her good arm as well.
Nine years ago, the two were taught a game that tested their reflexes: whoever slapped the other in the face first was the victor. Aly turned out to be the better, nearly every time. Catty, however, with every round, grew closer to the inevitable win. Regardless, that was then; this was now. In that likeness, the two froze when they touched wrists, waiting for the other to counter.
The two locked eyes, neither of them willing to blink, fearful that the millisecond it took their eyes’ shutters to close would be the end to all the hopes and dreams they had carried up to this moment. Their breaths were in sink, muscles relaxed, the only troubles crossing their minds being who was going to go first. And then, when the other didn’t flinch, Aly and Catty swung their fists at the same time.
The forest didn’t make a sound, as if nature itself gave reverence to the scene. Requai and Glani just stared, too dumbfounded to make any decent reaction, holding each other by the arms.
She did it. Aly knew she had won, realizing her reach was farther, and the punch would catch Catty’s face before the other mastra could strike hers. For a brief moment, she imagined how surreal the swing was, how such a simple feat would make everything right in the world. She thought she was going to cry, joy already overwhelming her.
She locked eyes on Catty’s fist, and a horror beyond reason overwhelmed her. Yes, she had calculated her blow with precision, but she didn’t account the ever-so-slight lean Catty made, just enough to get the vital extra milliseconds needed to get her hit in first. It happened. Maybe it would just be this one time, or maybe it had always been the case. Whichever it was, Catty was proving that she was the better fighter at the worst moment ever.
Nay – too close – cannot – Aly didn’t finish her frantic thoughts. Reality rolled into the back of her head as Catty’s blow spun her in the other direction. The strike knocked her out before she even hit the ground, so she didn’t extend her arms as her body bounced and lay motionless in the dirt.
“One.”
Silence.
“Two.”
Silence.
“Three.” 
Everything was black. She couldn’t tell if her eyes were open or not.
“Four.”
Arise
“Five.”
Arise
“Six.”
By Truth’s Grace, arise
“Seven.”
Do not do this, I beg
“Eight”
I beg, arise!
“Nine.”
Be damned! Get up! Truth’s Grace, do not do this to me! Get up! Aly was back on her legs, but only for a second. She fell into Catty’s right arm, and her friend helped her lie back down again.
“Ten,” Glani finished. “Truth’s Grace. Cattalice, you have won.”
“Catty...is fine.” Aly’s weight brought the exhausted mastra down as well. “And truly, I think I have just––”
Pain

The Sungstra’s pupils widened as she screamed. Catty thought Aly’s grip was going to rip the muscles out of her back.
“Alytchai!” Requai hurried in and tried breaking the two up. “Nay! Calm yourself! It has ended!”
She pulled the two away and got met with a jab in the eye. The blow knocked her on her back. Catty’s eyes widened as she watched the Sungstra’s hand charge a black aura. Aly walked up to Requai and raised her fists, towering over her.
“Aly?” Glani whimpered.
“Nay!” Catty dove in front of the still-dazed Requai and held her. “Aly, why do this?”

Rage. That was all Catty saw in the other mastra’s eyes. The aura around Aly’s charged fist grew, so Catty lifted a hand, and aimed a charged beam. Its size expanded rapidly and met the Sungstra’s charged fist in both mass and power. It wasn’t going to be a mere light shove. No, Catty knew what needed to be done. If she fired, her best friend would be dead.
“I beg, do not lead me to do this.” Catty locked her mark between Aly’s eyes and nose. 
The plea must have fallen on deaf ears, because Aly swung, ready to slash the two in half with her sorrow if she had to. Catty closed her eyes, and uttered two weak words to whatever was left of Aly, knowing they were probably going to be the very last thing she’d hear.
“Forgive me.”

* * *

Before she knew what had hit her, Catty lunged in and wrapped her arms around Aly, making her drop to her knees.
“Truly, this one be such a sore loser, yes?” Catty said, her body trembling as she rubbed Aly’s back. “You did not lose, Mastra, unless we all did.”
Aly’s pupil dilation stopped. She leaned back, and tilted her head.
“What?”
“For months we were to fight alongside one another, and the moment we were the only ones left, we all tossed the well-being of others aside,” Catty said. “The tribe, Aly. This was to access how we value others, how we value the tribe. There be nothing beyond this.”
Aly’s blinked her bright gray eyes. “Yet, truly, after all we have toiled through, this be the final lesson.” She slouched forward. “Pache. By Truth’s Grace, how lame shall this be!”
Catty thumped Aly on the nose. “You only grow angry since I figured it out prior to you. I always knew I was the smarter between us.”
Glani helped Requai get up, and Aly raised a brow. The two locked eyes with her and didn’t say a thing.
“Why do you lot stare at me so cautiously?” Aly rubbed the side of her head, as if she was searching for a clue. “And just a moment. I feel as if I missed something, yes? I recall falling into Catty’s arms, and suddenly she is to be giving me a silly lecture.”
“Aly…” Requai covered her eyes and shook her head. “I… Oh what be the use? No worries, you crazed thing. You simply be––”
She covered her mouth. Aly scratched her head as the other Little One started to stutter.
“My blow to your head must have caused you to black out for a quick instant,” Catty said to the unknowing Sungstra. “Truly, you best mind your defense, Alytchai.”
“Truly, I suppose so.” Aly eyed the ground, ashamed. “Apologies.”
“As am I,” Catty said, frowning.
Aly was about to ask her friend what she meant, but Catty helped her up before she could say anything else. The two hobbled behind Requai and Glani as they sauntered back toward Kutenbrya. This, by all means, was going to be the worst part. With adrenaline settling down, the trip home was going to be one of aches and pains all over. Home. They could already see the salt bath they’d be soaking in for the next couple of days...or maybe weeks.
“What shall you tell Teacher then, Mastra?” Glani asked Catty. “Surely you bested us all, in the end.”
“Nay, Aly and I shall share the credit together. Surely, that be the best way to handle it, yes?”
Aly bit her lip so she wouldn’t cry. Besides, crying would probably make her sides and head hurt even more. In all her years, she imagined going home the triumphant loner championing over all. And it was only now that she knew the truth. There really was no individual. Why be the best in the tribe if one couldn’t share the pride of being so with others? No, this was how it should have been from the very beginning.
“Alytchai and Cattalice of the Kutenbriun Tribe. Selfless Combatants: Servants of the Whole.” That was what people would say about the two of them, just as it should’ve been. Aly smiled at Catty, and Catty smiled back. At least they figured out their worth before it was too late.
And then Aly and Catty both got shot in the chests.

* * *

They were both too entranced with their shared victory to acknowledge the tingle in their spines, and now neither of them could move. Aly’s ribs were too shocked, and Catty just wanted her bad arm to come off when she fell on its elbow.
Glani and Requai were too dumbfounded to move. At first they tried pointing out the direction of the shot, but then they spun around as the two downed mastras groaned.
“Truly, are you two well?” Glani asked as she crouched down.
Aly rolled from side to side. “I cannot budge.”
Requai held her still. “Be at ease, yes? I am sure you shall be mobile in a few moments.”
“By Truth’s Grace. I won.”
The four mastras looked up and saw Joquin perched on a tree. He fell onto his rear, covered his face, and laughed.
“What blessings this be, I did it! I won! Truth’s Grace, I am thus the lone victor!”
Catty’s jaw dropped. “What? Nay. You ran back to the tribe and forfeited.”
Joquin cocked his head to the side. “Pardon? I would do no such thing! I have kept a safe distance from you lot, ever since you dismantled my team. I have merely awaited for an opportune moment.”
Aly covered her eyes and moaned out loud, cursing and swearing at how unfair her life and everything around her was. Catty just lay still, too numb to do anything else.
Joquin dangled his legs over the branch. “Still, I must say you lot did quite well. Truly, I would have suffered dire trouble if I tried bouting the four of you at once, as you did each other. And no worries. I shall be sure to tell Teacher how grand of an effort the lot of you made. Surely you deserve extra credit for your efforts, at the very least, yes?”
Requai closed her eyes and breathed through her nostrils. “Extra credit. Spare the extra credit, Master. Truly, you shall not get the chance to tell him such.”
“Pardon?”
“I-am-going-to-kill-you.”
“What?”
Glani stepped forward and popped her knuckles. “Not unless I catch him first, Mastra.”
Joquin shrieked like a five-year-old as Glani and Requai chased him through the trees. And so Aly and Catty remained, stretched out across the old forest, too sore and worn to move, side by side. They both stared at the treetops, still having the same shocked grimace on their faces.
“So,” Catty eventually said, not moving. “At the very least, we can get some treats at your pappai’s store again, yes? Ooh! And I still owe you two––”
“Just shut up, Catty.”

* * *


Chapter 16
“I beg, just give it back,” seven-year-old Kalai begged as she reached for the dankerball.
One of the lads in her class threw the ball to one of his other four friends. “You best be quick then, Mastra.” 
Kalai hopped up so she could grab the ball, but another Little One shoved her from behind, knocking her to the ground. Her eyes watered as the crowd laughed.
“Here, Master,” the lad that caught the ball said, tossing it to another friend.
The five Little Ones sung and danced around Kalai as she sat and watched. Day after day, it was the same thing, just because she was the tiniest and the last one in class who learned how to control her being. She hated school because of it. There was never an end, much to her surprise. She thought that once she got control of her being, things would change, but from the looks of it, children’s garden was going to be the worst place in the world for her, regardless.
“What nonsense do you brats think you are doing?” a voice behind them said.
The five Little Ones froze and turned around. Behind them stood a tall and lanky Young One, seventeen years old. Her form was solid, athletic, with powerful thighs that told of their ability to jump two stories high, and defined arms that epitomized all the work she did at the sparring grounds and in the fields. Her tentacles were a deep cobalt blue from the base down. She crossed her arms, their color as vibrant as fresh grass, having gotten a perfect tan in the suns. Her full lips were jungle green, known for producing a sound that even made the silas stop and succumb to it in awe. And her eyes, piercing as ever, were still brighter than a full moon.
While Aly’s beauty put other mastras to shame, however, she didn’t even know it did. Years of being harassed and belittled blinded her to whatever physical qualities others saw as clear as day. She thought the young lads her age were still being nice to her out of pity’s sake, and the mastras didn’t bother looking her in the face because she was definitely too tall for their liking. Regardless, it didn’t matter anymore. At least she was of some use to others. At least she could tell little ingrates to “piss off.”
“Can you lot not speak up?” Aly asked as she glared at every Little One. “Perhaps it is because someone has found you in the wrong, yes? Have you no shame?”
The five Little Ones backed up, one by one.
“W-we have no reason to be scared of you, Aly the Weird,” one of the lads said, still backing away.
“Truly? Then perhaps I should tell your mammais and pappais of the insult you bear on their names when I am to see them in the fields this evening, yes? I wonder, how long would they keep you from my pappai’s bakery, then? Truly, that be a travesty indeed.”
Aly took one step forward and grinned when the five took two steps back.
“Boo.”
The Little Ones scattered, leaving Kalai and the dankerball. Aly picked the light blue sphere up, and knelt beside the mastra. When she offered the ball to Kalai, the Little One grabbed it, and kept her head down.
“My thanks, Aly,” the Little One whispered.
“Hey.” Aly lifted the Little One’s chin up. “There be nothing of interest on the gravel. Truly, you cannot see the stars if you are to always look down, yes? Do not let them see you despair.”
As Aly helped the Little One up, she saw Teacher about to come over. He paused, smiled at her, and spun around to check on the rest of the class.
The Young One rubbed Kalai on the head. “Fret not. Truly, it shall get better.”
“Do you mean they shall stop picking on me?”
Aly twirled a finger around one of her tents and cleared her throat. “I fear I cannot grant such promises. Be that as it may, the confidence in yourself shall improve one day to the point that such people as that no longer trouble you, if you be strong enough in your own mind.”
“Oh.” Kalai tossed the ball up a little and caught it. “Truly, I would rather them stop altogether. Perhaps if I sang or were as pretty as you, they would leave me be.”
“Well, I am not sure if I am as fair as you say I be,” Aly said, giggling. “Be that as it may, take each day as a blessing, yes? And even when ones are not as favorable as others, perhaps you cannot appreciate the great days without having the bad ones.”
“Hmm. I never thought of it in that way. Perhaps this one be right, Mastra.”
“Perhaps. Now, off you go, Kalai. It seems Teacher is about to begin your sessions.”
Kalai hugged Aly by the leg, handed her the dankerball, and ran off to get in line. As Aly placed the ball in a bag, the Little One turned around, and watched Aly put her blue robe over her workout attire.
“Can you not stay here for the day?” she asked.
Aly laughed. “Indeed, I cannot! I have finished my workout, thus I must hurry off to my own learning sessions. Fret not. Perhaps I shall see you at my pappai’s store this evening, yes?”
Kalai nodded and turned back around. As Teacher counted the roll, he waved at Aly as she headed off to her class. Catty, Requai, and Glani were also waving, quite energetically as a matter of fact, at the Young One when she made it to the old red dirt road moments later. 
“Be quick, you foolish thing!” Catty stomped the ground when the school bell rang, and took off. “You are to make us late!”
Aly rolled her eyes as she ran with her and the others. “For years, this one has made the same fuss, yet I cannot recall a single time in which I ever made you late, ‘Little Mistress.’ And who is to say you must wait on me anyways?”
Glani rubbed her eyelids and grumbled. “Truth’s Grace, it be too early in the morning for both of your childish rants.”
“You only whine because you stayed up too late talking with Joquin the prior night,” Requai said. “It be not their fault that you saw the need to flap your lashes about as a fly.”
“I most certainly was not!”
Catty covered her ears. “Enough. You all are to give me a headache.”
As her three friends kept arguing, Aly slid to the rear a little so she wouldn’t catch any more of the assault than she already had. As she and the others hurried off to class, the Young One breathed in the fresh morning air, chilled and smooth with the dew gliding down the grass. The first sun’s heat was soft and pleasant against her skin as the mountains seemed to hold the yellow ball in the pink and navy-blue sky.
Aly smiled as she wondered what other people across the galaxy did while prepping for their boring and uneventful days. Maybe there was another Young One looking at her local star and thinking the same thing. The world was such a fascinating place, if one took the time to think about it. She hoped Little Ones like Kalai would come to a point of realizing the good could triumph over the bad at times, if they were willing to look hard enough. It took Aly her entire life to come to that conclusion, and she knew the early years of her childhood suffered dearly because of it.
But now she had hope for better days, even when she still couldn’t control her inner being. There was more to her than that, after all, and definitely more to life. Her best friend made her realize that three years ago.
On Gooliun, one fought, learned, and worked. Aly did all three of these, especially fight. However, it wasn’t the fighting that required throwing kicks, punches, or blocks. No, she fought for a peace of mind, a peace she hoped she could reflect to others. And that was the most honorable thing a Goolian could do: to put others beyond self. After all, “there be nothing beyond the tribe.”

* * *


Epilogue
Planet Gooliun’s capital was days away from Kutenbrya. It was a polis, large enough to hold several thousand tribes, its fifty-story-high walls towering higher than any other Goolian construct on the entire planet. It was an astonishing achievement for creatures that didn’t have the technology of the advanced worlds. Gooliun didn’t have recourses deemed valuable enough to share in the galactic market, so the other alien nations didn’t see the need in keeping the “greenies” up to date with the important affairs happening in the “civilized world.”
However, Overseer Greagen, the Watcher and representative of the entire planetary nation of Gooliun, had performed some very unorthodox deeds over the past twelve years. He had the Galactic Order to thank for that, since they kept using one of the rare items they felt worth giving him discreetly.
Greagen sat in front of the only holographic monitor on the planet. As he looked into the device, two foreign faces were formed out of the blue light it emitted. One was a female that bore some resemblance to a Goolian. However, her ears were round, her eyes not as large, and instead of tents protruding out of her head, it bore fur instead. If the hologram showed color like the newer ones, it would have shown her as having deep orange skin. And since the image only showed her from the chest up, Greagen couldn’t see her large forearms and the three stubby digits she had on her hands, nor the claws on her fingers.
The second creature looked far more alien, with his entire body covered in fur. His shoulders weren’t even visible due to the length of his neck, and his jade green eyes had black slits for pupils. His pink nose protruded out of his face, giving it a defining bridge that the Goolian and other creature lacked. The bushy tail wrapped around his waist wasn’t visible, nor were the hind legs he walked on.
“Are you sure your people are ready, Master?” the hairy alien asked in the Universal tongue.
“Didn’t I even go through the trouble of having our youth change their curriculum when I received word twelve years ago?” Greagen said. “The first generation that followed the adjusted schedule from the beginning of their education are Young Ones now. They’re old enough for combat. We’re ready to serve by any means necessary.”
“Then, on behalf of the Galactic Order, you have billions beyond billions in gratitude, Greagen,” the orange mastra said. “We didn’t feel the need to...trouble your people with our affairs, but with the way the enemy is eyeing Argutas, it will only be a matter of time before your nation is caught in the war, as well.”
Greagen grabbed a bowl of water and sipped it. He hadn’t had to converse this long with people for years, and his throat had gotten raspy over time because of it.
“We are all followers in the Great Philosophy that is Truth’s Grace, Empress Uufru,” he said. “We all know the value of helping those in need. Rest assured, Planet Gooliun will be ready to have troops on Planet Argutas by the time your ships arrive.”
The hairy creature sat back in his chair and covered his face. “You don’t know what this will mean to my people. I wish war would stop being the only reason why our neighboring nations converse.”
“The Goolian people do not dwell on the past, Governor Rashule. We fancy to deal with the present. Now, the closest tribes will be receiving their draft letters in a few days. When can I expect your entire guest forces?”
“The first vessels just entered your system two hours ago,” Uufru said, “so they’ll be planet-side by the end of the week.”
Greagen stroked the long gray tents on his chin before rubbing his head. “So soon? I had no idea your vessels were that fast. We’ve never seen spaceships before, so I wonder what my people will think when they look in the sky and see them for the first time. They’ll probably think the world is coming to an end. Or maybe it is, and we just don’t know it yet.”
“As long as we stand together, we’ll make sure that doesn’t happen,” Rashule insisted. “We defeated the Cyogen before, and by the Great Philosophy’s Favor, we can do it again.”
“I hope you’re right, Master. Let’s just make sure we’re more thorough than our ancestors this time.”
“Agreed,” Uufru said. “We’ll keep in touch. The Optin military priest will update you accordingly upon arrival. Until then, give your guest our regards.”
Greagen’s left eye twitched. He turned around in his seat to see if anyone was behind him; there was no one there beyond the guards posted outside the door.
“You mean that half-breed thing that’s been lingering over my shoulders on every move? He’s not worth talking to.”
Uufru’s finger came into view when she held it to her lips. “Play nice, Master. Times have changed and we can’t be too picky now. Feel free to keep an eye on him, but he’s there to help your people with the introduction to the outside world. Oh, and since we’re on the subject of trust, I’ll ask this one more time: are you sure there’s nothing else worth noting about your people?”
Greagen leaned back in his seat and rested his head in his palm. “If you’re implying about some of my citizens’ rumored specialties, then I’m afraid I should, for the final time as well, insist that such things are remnants of stories passed down by our ancestors. They do not exist, do you understand? Truth’s Grace, I’m speaking Universal.”
“That’s enough, Mastra,” Rashule said. “He’s earned our trust. If something as valuable – or dangerous – as the Sungstra sub-species was real, then he would’ve told us so. He knows what’s at stake.”
Uufru’s head shrunk on Greagen’s projector, indicating she was leaning back from her own device. “Fine. Apologies, Overseer. The governor’s right. You’ve proven yourself both friend and comrade to the Allied Forces. In the meantime, watch the skies. We’ll see you soon.”
Greagen nodded and turned off the projector.
“Too soon,” he added. Then he checked another advanced piece of technology given to him by the aliens. He raised his palm and an orange orb formed out of it. It floated in front of him and morphed into a list of names when he touched it. He read down the file, reading the names, his eyes glancing over an “Alytchai of the Kutenbriun Tribe” as he counted the number of documented Sungstras.
“Truly, too soon.”

* * * * *

READ THE NEXT STORY FOR FREE
Subscribe to Raphyel M. Jordan’s Newsletter to find out what happens to Aly and Catty when Planet Gooliun is called to arms, and discover the many secrets being kept in the galaxy by reading “Prossia : Book 1.”



Please Review
Honest feedback is a priceless commodity for an author. Taking a few seconds to share your thoughts on the story you just read would be greatly appreciated. Thanks!

-Raphyel M. Jordan

Don’t Miss Out On Jordan’s Current & Future Novels
Prossia - the follow up to Evaluations of the Tribe
Prossia Revolution - You definitely don’t want to miss out on that one!

Subscribe To the Newsletter
Stay Up To Date On Raphyel M. Jordan’s latest news RaphyelMJordan.com

Follow Jordan on the web
     

